THE PEACE CONGRESS UNFOLDING A SCHEME ? Paris, Monday.—It is understood on good authority that President Wilson will unfold a concrete scheme for a League of Nations, with a view of enab- ling men liko Lord Robert Cecil, Gen eral iSmuts, and M. i?ourgeois (French Minister for Labor) to draw up a de finite constitution. The Australian Press Agency learns that President Wilson will embody many important British features, and generally .proceed along the lines sug gested by General Smuts. TO PREVENT WAR. The American scheme provides for arbitration, with compulsory measures to prevent the* outbreak of war. Germany and Russia will ibe taken in when the established League can afford every possible aid to both na tions. The President feels that the peace of Europe would be useless with half Europe still ablaze. Mr Lloyd George agrees with many of President Wilson's proposals. WHO ORIGINATED THE DRAMA! In tihe course of his speech at the opening of the Peace Conference, Pre sident Poincare said that the valor of the Allied armies had Ibeen victorious against all offensives, after enormous sacrifices, for which Franco had not the slightest responsibility. Delegates of the Great Powers had assembled to impose justice on those who were guilty of this unprecedented crime. They had all the qualities for the establishment of a just peace, and fiumanltiy had confidenbo t/hat /they would not violate the rights they pos sessed. .;? They possessed, said , the President, information which proved who> had or iginated the drama which had agitated the world. The Central Empires had secretly and ccmplicltly invented odious pretexts to pass over Servia's body to the East, and through Belgium to France's heart. ; BRITAIN AND HER EMPIRE. President Poineare made passing re ference to Germany's effort to detach England. The latter held her ideas of justice, and her dominions and colonies engaged in the conflict. These dominions accomplished, with Britain, prodigious efforts to bring th& war to a triumphant termination. He paid a tribute to otter nations end countries who threw their help and sympathies into the conflict, with a special ouloglum on President Wil son. America's intervention, he said, was a great political and military event. They came to Enrope to help to save civilisation. We had gained the com plete victory over a powerful enemy, who, in order to prevent irremediable disaster, obtained an armistice. ?"/?', THE INDEMNITY. The special correspondent in Paris of the "Morning Post" says the diver gencies of opinion at the Conference .now centre on the feeding of Germany .'; and the question of the indemnity. -' President AVilson, tihe correspondent adds, has always favoured payment by Germany for tfhe damages caused by the .war, but is unwilling to demand an ?[ indemnity in addition. British dele ? gates more or less agree with Presi '. dent Wilson on this point, but France ?;'has drawn up a careful account of her ??" losses from every source, and will shortly present the bill. An Amsterdam message says Herr ;Erzberger has informed a conference of German railway managers that Mar shal Fooli had estimated the indemnity necessary to restore Belgium and Nor thern France would be £1(,500,000,000, ? and to repair other damages £1,000,- -000,000. As a surety the Allies would rfrmand the German railways and for ests. FREEDOM OF THE SEAS. . London, Monday Evening.—Several , conferences have been held at Paris he ? twoc-n the Premiers of the Dominions ...aiicl Mr Lloyd George. " They have readhed an agreement con / ceViiing the British attitude in connec tion with the freedom of the seas. The Peace. Conference is considering ? the position in Russia. : ?? M. Noulons, ex-Fronch Ambassador to i?ussia, spoke regarding the situation at Archangel. ?';."' At the next seseion the Danish Minis ter Savernini, from Petrograd, will ' fipeak. . ? Munich newspapers state that thn Gorman delegates to the Pence Confer ence will be Prince Lichnowski, Count Brockdorff, Count Arco, and the So cin'ist Kautsky. HUGHES' DEFNITE DECLARATION. A Paris message states that a great, stir has been caused in France by Air Biighee , declaration, printed in Aineri ? enn newspapers. The Commonwealth Prime Minister assorts that he refuses to he muzzled . liy Conference on questions in which Australia is concerned. He is pressing Australia's claim to the German Is lands lying south of the Equator. A cable received a ievr days ago stated that in an interview with tic. PiiTJs correspondent of the United Press, "Mr Hughes st>id:— "Australia wants the German is lands and indemnities, but is opposed to intervention in Russia. "Australia does not want promiscu- C'us immigration. Australia favors a League of Nations, but demands the right to make whatever economic ar rjir.gcmcnts she pleases. "Australia opposes freedom of the sens, and the limiting of Britain's na val supremacy. She favors military support for Poland.'' ~ ' OFFICIAL APPOINTMENTS. '?????Mr .Lloyd George (Prime Minister), Mr Robert Lar sing (Secretary of State, U.SIA.), Signor Orlaudo (Italy), and the !Mnrq\iis Saionji (Japan) have bwn ap pointed Vice-Presidents of the Confer ence. Mr P. X Deane (private secretary tp Mr W.M. Hughes) has been appoint ed secretary to the Australian delega tion. MAINTENANCE OF THE BLOCK ADE. 'Representatives of the Allied Powers hnvc resolved to maintain the German blockndo with the utmost rigidity, al though, at the instance of America,; some relief may be afforded to moot, the Sneiiageof fats in the Central Empires The blockade against mails continues otherwise German-owned se cuntiesj- from which much of the initial lnnenimties must come, will be likely to disappear, J CHINA AND JAPAN. It is believed that China is protesting at having only two seats. Five dele galea have arrived, including the I or eign Minister. The Chinese representa tives regard Japan as their principal o].]i?nent. They deny the Japanese ?Government's recent statement that tlunese and Japanese interests will be lijacsonted in common. Earon Makino, one of Japan's peace iielegates, during an interview, said :he Japanese were in sympathy and hearty agreement with their Allied friends jn England, America, and Europe, and tha bivud principles laid down for tho guidance of the Conference. J.aapn had, he said, lived on th? cuter edgj of the huge maelstrom, and kacw: little of its hoi rors, but was prou J ;oi" her Allies, Japan did not seek re ward, but looked forward with conG donee to a brighter and better future. 