FROM MANY SOURCES. A sum of £570,000 will shortly foe distributed to the producers of last peasoa's export butter. A record 'price of 48d a U- fojr scoured wool has Tseea reached at the curredt series of Melbourne appraisements. The Bairnsdale Council i=\ sup porting Maflra Shire Council in urg ing the piibdie net to purchase Ger man goods, or tq trade with hui\ ness finns who stock such goo|ds._ Following a 'cloud fcurst at Gectr ge's Creek, near Kempsey, N.S.W, 7 inches of rain feU in an hour. This extraordinary downpour wash ed (away a cutting iand severed road communication with Kempsey.} Monday, January 6, was the hot test day of the present summer at -Corowa, N.S.W., the shade tem perature being 107 degrees. Offic ial registrations are not possible, as the thermometer used at the Post Office has been stolen. Marriages of Australian soldiers in Britain now average 300 a month, wnich is an increase of 40 per cent since the armistice was signed. The total number of Aus tralian soldiers who have mamed in Britain is 7518. The T\\\Z. Railway Department is unprecedented^ short of /stocks of coal. The interruption d shipping from Newcastle is largely responsible, together with the stoppage of New Zealand colliery for practically five weeks owing to tfie influenza and Christmas holi days. ^ Tfie failure of the Queensland sugar crop has 'been inuch great er than was at first supposed, and in order tp make goc|I the snort age, which amounts H# afcoul 40,000 tons, the Government has made arrangemients for purchasing a sufficient quantity outside Aus tralia^ Canada carries the same num. ber of tons in one train 'that New South Wales carries in three, ac cording' to the ''Railway Gazette' but New South IVales charge^ id per mile freight and Canada 2-5d, the result foeiog that Canada earns a good deal more per freight train mile, 10s IOd 33 against 7s lid. Ifl it -be found at all possible, the Australian mounted troopjs swho played such an important part ira the defeat of the Turkish' forcer: in Palestine, are to be §iven an op portunity of visiting England be fore bein? brought back to the Commonwealth. A proclamation issued by the Federal' Executive Council prohib its the importation into the Ccjtn monwealth of all classes' of degs' from the United Kingdom and New Zealand. This action has been ' taken owin? to the presence of rabies in England. ' I A Detroit judge ruled the other -; day .that a oniarried man hja.s a jriglhT | t:- go down tefwn two bights each j week./ It is understood that short-' Iy after the judge arrived borne that eveoin? the ruling was re-- versed. Referring to the proposal tef ex tend the agreement -with the Bri tish Government for the pur chase of wool, Mr Watt states that apparently opinion on the^mat ter is divided. The Government is not likely to extend the period of the control and sale c|f wool beyond the end of June, 1920, un les^ there is a united demand for the extension from- the woojl growers of Australia. The 'Times' correspondent, at The Hague says that leading Ger man commercia' travellers are scouring Holland and boGfking or ders. The British neglect is as great as before the war. Theire is not evea a commercial attache at the BritisTi Legation. A message from Tokio says that journalists in the Japanese Parlia mentary Press gallery are close,y watching the League off Nations project. Some declare that 'if it reaches a practical jstage public opinion will demand the aboUticta of the color bar against Oriental immigration. According to Alfred Noyes, the war has caused a dreadful slump in poetpy. Everything else has gone up 300 or 400 per cent, tout a sonnet that before the. war. would easily Ijrins £5, hardly 'commands a guinea to-day. Mr Noyes laughed dolefully. 'We ought,' he said, 'to revise the old proverb sq as to make it read, 'Poets are born; not paid.*' A message from Helingsfors re ports that members of a Danish Legation arrived from Petrograd state that the Bri'.-iish civil and military officials, who are kept imprisoned at Moscow, are being tyrannically treated. The real dictator at Petrograd is a woman aged 22, named Jacobleva, the chief of the Revolutionary Cctnmit tce. , . j ? The camouflaged ship is disap pearing. Every oversea steamer which has visited Sydney during the past two years lias been paint ed with extraordinary designs. All this was part of the campaign ag aiust the submarine, but now' that the war has ended there is- no need for further disguise. The first of the big vessels to resume a peaceful mercantile appearance was the Medic. Soon after coming out of quarantine she threw off the streaks of paint. Since then other big steamers have oeen in the painters' hands undergoing a change. . Some commoticjn was created in Latrobe Street, between Queen and Elizabeth Streets, Melbourne, tne other day by thfe vagaries of a i xi-cab, which broke loose and careered 'wildly down the hill, nar rowly escaping collision with several vehicles in the way, and being brought to a standstill by crashing into an electric light pole. Just before reaching 'the pole the taxi-cab knocked over a Chinese named Louey P07, frac turing!, his left leg, and severely] lacerating his right arm. It is supposed that some mischievous person released the bsrakes. 