M» DE GABIS Oíí THU STATE'S FÜTUKE, "This is a unique occasion, and I am happy to extend the city's congratulations not only to Mr. De Gaxis, but to Lieut. Briggs and Sergeant Howard, on being th« pioneers in flying to Western Australia from the Eastern States." The opening words of. the Mayor (Mr. W- F. Lathlain; set the keynote for last Friday's largely M tended civic reception at the Town Hall to Mr. C J. De Garie, who, with Lieut. I?, ß- Briggs as pilot erad Sergeant J. Howard as mechanic, concluded on Thurs- day ' the historic flight fnoon Melbourne to Perth. "The men we require in this State are men with a big vision," said the Mayor. Cr. Franklin, the llcv. J. W. Grove, und Sir Tiaib.'ít Hobbs supported the Mayor's Keeling. There were very few present-and ho included lus fellow soldiers-the last named- speaker pointed out, who properly appreciated what the trip had meant to the future progress of Australia. The air service would play a great part in thc defence of the Cc/nunonwealth and thc flight just ended served to emphasise that: (Applause). He thought the Federal Government realised its responsibility in encouraging / military and commercial fly- ing and that it was doing everything with- in reason. to develop air commerce Hearty applausa greeted Mr- Do Garis when he rose to rae pond to the toast ot his party. lie stated that h«* had first came to Western Australia in January last on a ten day's visit. Like most visitors to this so-called remote part of Australia, he said he rather dreaded the trip- He WBS warned ngam|£_"ihe desert railway,'' He «tas told it waa a land of sin and sorrow and sand-"a State of abandoned gold mines with «carcely ¿ny future-' When he reached here he wa« absolutely astounded at the unlimited and unrealised scope of the State- "It was staggering to see you were totally dependent on tho Eastern States for your supplies of butter and sugar, and ,<at that time, of chaff.'' he continued. "Really it was too ridiculous. I met in a great many places a spirit ot pessimism end a general suspicion of the East rad its supposed clutching hand, ètretclffltl out to paralyse Ü10 West- These things were rather staggering to anybody who had a vision and .who tried to look a little bit further than his nose. I deter- mined that if I could get land here ! would try to apply to it those activities, which have been in operation in regard to eloser settlement in Victoria, and South Australia. - "When I was told of a place in Western Australia of 47,000 .cres, with 12 miles of railway running through it. with three stations on it and a 28in. rain- fall, I bought it without seeing it. Having seen it later I then and there determined that all my activities in the East would have to be restricted in scope so that 1 could eome to Western Aucttnlia. That 1 ! have determined to do next September and i to operate from here instead of {rom the , East. ' Do :you realise that you ' have soil »pre a* good as anything we have is the East, thai you J*ave the. rainfall and fotiil ïties for development, that you are nearer the European and Eastern export markets*" It' ia only because of one thing that your land values are not five or ten times what they are, and that is lack of population. Do you know that if this tSate were pro- perly known in the Eastern States you could set at least lualf the population' you want from over there?" This State, Mr De Garis added, certainly hod a heavy railway loss, an increasing deficit and a big debt- But the accumulated deficit was nothing to be alarmed about- What was £1,000,000, or £5,000,000 for the matter ot that, if the problem were properly liandlcd. The deficit could ba removed. "You want faith in your own State to start with," he insisted- ''Your financial institutions want faith in their own State. (Hear, hear). Do you know that about £6,800,000 is deposit- ed with the banks in Western Australia without any interest? This State is too big to have "so much idle money. You need tile magic wand, and it is within your roach, li is something that pays individuals, companies and nations, and it is the magic wand of publicity you want to let this State bc known. You sre not known in the East, otherwiseyour land values would be five or ten times what they aTO. All you wiant herc is the de- mand. Create your demand and you have solved your problem. That litUo place i bought had seven human beings on it- On that land within seven years there will be 7,000 peopic. (Applause). As for your deficit, if I Isad half a . million of money to develop your idle Crown lands so a» to have them ready for the immigrants when' they get here-p(Hear, hear).-and about £20,000 for publicity, I would guar- antee to get you 1,000 immigrants each with £1,000." "General Hobbs," he con- tinued, "referred to the defence side or the question. I do not think unyonc real- ises that if commercial aviation is not en- couraged we arc running very serious risks in trying to defend this _ country, because there is only one machine in Australia, tho type we came in, which is capable ot doing the -cross-country work required. 1 hope that .within two years from now, with that type of engine, you will have le lay services connecting Perth to Sydney in two days- We will try to do it our- selves with one machine and one pilot on our return journey _ We may «ot succeed- If it is done,' it ' will be solely due to Lieutenant Briggs and Sergeant Howard- (Applause.) 1 «hould like to remind you of thc status of avia- tion- The pilot of an aeroplane is equal in status in every respect to tho pilot of a steamer and is entitled to the same recog- nition and courtesy. (Applause.) A mecha- nic is not a mechanic really-tibe term is an army one-but the chiof engineer of the ship. His ekill has got to be exceptional, and the word 'mechanic has got to disap- pear Hie terms should be pilot and engi- neer. In securing Lieutenant Briggs and Sergeant Howard for this trip 1 wa* very, very fortunate, and it is doubly gratifying to me to sec them present herc. I hope to prove to Western Australia that our advent is not just a hot air proposition.'' (Ap- plause.) The gathering included Mr. Justice Powers and Mr. C. A. B Campion, London man- ager of the Commonwealth Bank. At thc instance of the" Mayor - their health "was honoured "I only hope the prophecies of Mr. De Garis wilt be realised," said Mr Justice Powers in reply. "If wo could all take on the 'Federal spirit and be of tifco Commonwealth as well as of tho different States, it would bo better for all." (Ap- plause,) Mr. Paul H. Fraenkel has been em- powered Ito act as Hononary Danish Consul at Perth. 