t Brevities. Nine hundred imm: ailed from Liveijiool Water is so sbMi- 111 J:-:' grirdeii .uipplies ha'- • • W.A. M'th b"en ha v. :'aat cut Tin- amount of ai.-d vii.fi uinvdennbers, millu mg. ust ra'l ia n ])oiinds not es rouiiu Dcine<; that the t'l iii. e ,,t' W ales is engaged to Princes* .Ma.rgar-et of Denmark. Hy 1 ''vuiiing white mulberry 1 recall atiiniM, is being mad.- to Mart the silk industry in Yietoiia. . W . p< a-t ma' 1 n 1. s C nnan lias be' 11 anb /./ling i;!,u<ni named •ha IV c 1 An olii.-er of tli -1 ale | lect 01,1! Deo,;!'! liiellt is am house. hoidcis m C,ei 11 ai Sl-e if t ll"\ Ule ' '11 the roll. ( hie A iden de Hrotine re 'lit:, walked J'rom Lremant'e to K algoor lie (:; S' mil.s) in davs. Ih- is "ii rout;- to Sydney per hoot Afa.'or D Annun/.io has d. a 1 od that a state of wur !'•! .1 . wit! Italy, and he has order,-d mas: mobilisation, iiududing woimui. Lieut, lb'i.ggs and Air De Garis Hri'L\"ed at Belmont last week, alter eonii feting un flir iotirncy from East to West, averaging 11a miles hourly. ho J. W. Johnson, one-time Town Clerk of Leedervi'.le, >aw the Bo.-r war through himself, and had at ihe fronp in the great upheaval, six sons, who ,dl came back. Western Australian grown s with large c-ro] s of potatoes on hand, sa ;'d to be n a aerious position owing- to the heavy surplus and low prices. A.iter an operation for nil abscess on the head, Air I-:. Ilcavrr, st a- l ionmastej- at Alt. Alagnet, gradual iv Sink und (ijeil, leaving ,i wife and five children. The Mavor of Perth (Air W. 1 Lnihlain) has iiecn awarded 011 > farthing damages as a result ol a libel action taken by h'111 If j ugainst the "Call newspaper. Dead body 01" ! 1-year-old widow named GeaMna Arnold washed ashore at CM'tesloe Bcadi. Busliand, a returned soldier, died a few davs before. There was only a penny in the woman's purse. Eiicmployed persons in London seizing unoccupied municipal juoperty in order t,-, establish relief organisatioos. "I'lic public is supplying t-lvuii with rations of bread, "bully 'oeef." and eofl'ee. Bill introduced in N.S.W. Aas lnbly fixing salary of ordinary members at a vear, of l're mi a- at f:l, 1-2.-, Attorn w-Geiioral iX% .1V2.•;;•''."), and other Ministers at /"L'.Hf.. Viscount Ishie, Japan's principal representative at the League of Na- tion's Conference, said to i re-presen tative l of the New York Evening Post" that Australia was bitterer against his countrymen than California or Canada. Early Water Melons.—-On Monday ; morning Messrs Weller and Alitchell • had on sale some excellent water j melons, which •'oe.nd readv nurchasi ers. It is not- often that the r«- | freshing fruit is seen in shop winj dows at so early a period jti thr season. i Mr Basil Murray, just returned from England, where he represented the Australian Producers' Cooperative Federation, says wheatgrowers can reasonably expect to get 1 fls per bushel f.o.b. for their coming crops. Professor Fischer. a Danish physician, has published in a news- Paper an article in which lie gives details of his discovery of a new ' fluid for the treatment of wounds, it is thoughl ] robable it mav re- It removes all pains, and remarkable <-fleets are claimed for it, and move caneff wounds - The Children's llosp tal —This do se rv ing inst ii 11 lion is in 1 sud coudition owing to abort ago ()f funds Dining the last year ended 30th September the number 01 children from various parts of district treated at the institut^^ wc;-,-:—Geraldton, :>7; Northampton, s : Isseka, 1 ; t't.ikana, 1 ; Three Springs, 1 ; Mingenew, 13 ; and Walkuwav, i. dolin Ah hc'iion hisappea.red from Ah'ekat hai ra. in ., car w hich, it wan alleged, bil.iiged to a local resident named I, Elalidcs, who had »i warrant issued lor 1 lie man's arrest. Cue |.olice being notified, stopped the car as it was passing that ri'iiUT, ariisted McLernon, and 1110 fored iiack with him to Meeku. tharra, where, in court, lie prove<l he was pari o w i k t of the antonioi!e, and was liberated Oil pa \ 1 all expi uses in connection with his apnri hension. 