ll Happenings in Two Hemispheres j } - .; WHAT THE WORLD IS DOING AND SAYING " jj Ongerup is flourishing as a dairy- ing centre. Mr. J. Riche was last week re-elect- ¡ ed president of the Pastoralists's As- sociation. A company has recently been formed in this State for thc re-pulping of waste paper. . Bread carters on the goldfields have been granted £4 15s. a week, and they now'work 48 hours. Seven Government owned vessels were last week sold by America for over 7,000,000 dollars. During Iiis stay in X.Z., Mr. Israel Cohen bas raised over .£20,000 for the Restoration of Palestine Fund. Local dairymen ar.- to deputationise the Premier" this week in respect to the acute shortage, ot bran arid pol- lard.; The increase in telephonic rates re- cently approved in the Federal Parlia- ment will not apply to country sub- scribers. A new school house is in the course ol" enaction ;it Northampton, and al- terations arc being made to the local post office. The printers' strike in Manchester and Liverpool has been settled pro- visionally. There were no newspapers for three weeks. Owing to the shortage in the Indian jute crop this year it is feared that th« re will be none of the product avail- able for export. An overhead bridge is to be con- structed at Grafton-street, Maylands, in place of the present railway cross- ing ivj. Caledonian-street. As the outcome of Theatre Day, which was organised by the Uglies in aid of the Children's Hospital, another £900 has been collected. The Chinese Government has ar- ranged for a 10,000,000 dollar loan for a short period for the relief of the famine stricken provinces. . At the ripe age of 70 the Duke of Connaught, the King's uncle, has an- nounced his engagement to the widowed Countess of Essex. Shin Faneism is trying its hand in Scotland, where it is stated an at-; tempt is being planned to seize some of the Lanarkshire coal pits. A Bill increasing the export duties on nearly all staple products in the Dutch East Indies has been introduced into the Netherlands Parliament. '"Bookmakers are a curse, and no attempt to legalise them will, have my support." Premier Barwell, of South Australia, to a deputation last week. Many vessels have been sent to Ger nianv "from England for repairs during the -British shipwrights' strike. The Hun's charges are much more mode- | rate. A' Berlin message states that the I Reichwehr (.permanent defence force) j intends to proclaim ex-Crown Prince ! Rupprecht of Bavaria King of that j State. . j Order has been re-established at Helsingfors by the command of Ad- miral Rasholnikev that 100 mutineers should be executed for disobeying- his i mobilisation orders. i His Excellency the Governor went to Northam on Monday and opened the local show there on Wednesday. The following day he was present at the Geraldton show. The seismograph at the Adelaide Observatory registered a severe shock of distant earthquakes on Tuesday last. The pendulum oscillated for close on four hours. Owing to the refusal on the part of the painters employed at the Cocka- too dockyard to work on Saturdays, the Government has paid them off. About 120 are affected. On "Wednesday evening" a special commemoration^ service in connection with the Mayflower Tercentenary was held in Trinity Congregational Church. Professor Murdoch presided. Their Majestys the King and Queen of the Belgians arrived at Rio de Janeiro on Sunday last They will visit various parts of Brazil and other South American countries. "" Another case of anthrax was report- ed last week, this time from Wodonga, Victoria. Shaving- brush purchasers" are advised to dip a new brush in 5 "per cent, formalin before using it. The"- Turkish Nationalists attacked Allepo towards the end of last week, and succeeded in cutting the "railway between that port. and Alexandretta. There were 100 French casualties. Diplomatic-and consular officers for Russia in China will be -leaving- the latter country shortly in consequence of China having decided to stop pay- ment of 'the Boxer indemnity. With the advent of the winter months in Great Brtiaih considerable unemployment is feared. Already the factories aire working short hours, and many workers have been dismissed. A reward of £1000 bas been offered by If. Jones and'Co., the owner of the schooner Amelia, which has been miss- ing, since August 21, to the first air- man who succeeds in locating the boat. Considerable progress is being made at the Xarrogin doll factory, where about SO people are employed. The supplies from the factory can be two or three times over placed on the Syd- - ney market. - . . Before long the: steel making indus- try by electricity at West Guildford will be firmly established. The com- pany has six acres ot ground, and large and commodious workshops have been' constructed." - Commercial aviation is to be com- menced in Western Australia. Within a few weeks the Larkin-Sopwith Avia- tion Company will open up at West Subiaco, where 30 acres of land have been leased for a landing ground and aerodromes. On September 15 James M'Niff was found dead at Tootra Station, Moora, with a bullet wound close to his heart and a Winchester rifle beside his body. A verdict of suicide was returned at the inquest. . . It is probable that the Government wili make such alterations in the old police court buildings in Barrack street to allow a continuous show of the products and raw materials of this State io be exhibited to the public. Approximately £ 50,000,000 DAS been "' or is being: spent by the Common- | wealth on soldiers' seulement. ¡ Members of the Australian Amaiga- j mated Society of Engineers are to vote I on the question of whether they prefer I direct action or arbitration for the settlement of disputes. I An appeal is being made to the sporting public for subscriptions to-I wards replacing the boats which were"" destroyed. by fire on Sunday morning last at the Perth Dinghy Club. Lady Helen Munro-Ferguson was, last week, at the Federal Parliament House, presented by Mrs. Hughes, with a life-size portrait of herself in oils, the work of Mr. W. 1>. M'Innes. Another increase in the price of beer will-take effect from to-morrow (Mon- day). The "pot" and medium glass charges will not be altered, but that of the long glass is to be raised to 5d. In consequence of-a Warning receiv- ed that an attempt would be made to blow up the Customs House in New York, the authorities have placed a strong armed guard over the building. Last week information was received that work at the Cockburn Sound Na- val Base would cease at the end of this month, and tliat ali hands would be dispensed with. . What has Senator Pearce to say about it? John T>. White, a crippled returned man, while fishing between Rottnest and the mainiand on Tuesday became suddenly ill, and made for tho Cottes- loe pier. - Ile managed to reach the beach, and was helped ashore, but his boat was smashed to pieces. Schooners arc carrying water from Broome to Port Hedland, a distance of 270 miles, and selling it at £1 per 100 gallons. The residents of the northern pert have telegraphed the members for the -district asking that the Go- vernment be approached for a definite promise in connection with the water supply. William. M'Elgin, a laborer at Mun' daring; died suddenly on Tuesday. A Japanese ? cable message reports serious riots at Formosa, and many lives have been lost The annual fete in aid of the Par- kerville Home will be held in the Gov- ernment House grounds during the last week in November.. By a new concordat Italian workers over 20 years of age have been granted an extra shilling a day, while women and- youths will receive an extra 9d. American warships, at the requestor the British Government, will take part in the Tercentenary celebrations a't the Bermudas. -The Prince of Wales will be present. Holland views the possibility of the League of Nations functioning with doubt, and has decided to take the ne- cessary steps to strengthen her mili- tary forces. The Governor-General and Lady Helen Munro-Ferguson left Melbourne for Adelaide on Fridav last They are ; en route to- Perth to join the steamer for England. Wireless operators are to receive £ 14 a month during the lirst year and £22 a month for the second. Those employed on land are awarded an ex- tra £43 a year. _-_._:_ Japan has decided to electrify a railways within her empire. ? A batch of 126 immigrants arrive at Fremantle by the s.s.. Ormonde c Friday morning". Large areas of pastoral lands hav been applied for in the northern am southern goldfields districts.. HJR.H. the Prince of Wales Us accepted a commission as captain i the Royal Australian Navy. Two of the Prices Regulation Con missioners are at present pasing visit to -the Geraldton and Northam! ton districts. The result of the Danish election is a complete victory for the Govern ment. Only one German secured seat in Slesvig. " The Broken Hill Proprietary Co. Lt< has decided to expend about £ 3,500,00 on extensive additions to the presen 3 plant at the Newcastle steel works. Harry Hawker, the famous Aus tralian airman who put the wind up the Yanks in the trans-Atlantic flight, is leaving England for Australia towards the end of the month. ! H. G. Rauldne, the Wagin farme i who shot Constable Wilson, was o : Thursday at the Wagin Police Com committed for trial at- the next sit tings of the Criminal Court. The con stable is recovering. Two brothers - Police Inspecte Burke and Sergeant Burke-were sha dead at Balbriggan (Dublin) durin the week. _Severe, reprisals followet and nearly all the houses, of promanen Shin Faners were sacked. A warrant has been issued for th arrest of William Barrett. son-in-la\ of Mr. John Drexel, the American mil lionaire. Barrett is accused of stealing £25.000 worth of jewellery, the pro perty of Mr. William Spreckles. A petition bearing 67,660 signature was presented to the South Australia! Parliament on Wednesday, asking tha a referendum be taken on the prohibí (ion question at the earliest possibl moment. This is easily a record peri Uon. . Arthur Alfieri was last week, in the Perth Divorce Court, granted a decree nisi returnable in six months against his wife. Kathleen Maud Lilley Alfieri and £200 damages against Arthur North, aged 60, who was cited as co- respondent. The President of/the Legislative Council recently requested that his room at Parliament House be provided with new curtains. An estimate was obtained and amounted to £30. This expenditure the joint House committee refused to sanction. A small battle in the Wicklow Hills Ireland, :took place last week between a strong force of troops and som« Shin Fane volunteers, who were drill- ing there. The rebels surrendered attei one of their number* had been killee and several wounded. Five hundred delegates of the South African and Nationalists (anti-Im- perialists) parties met at Bloeinfon tien during the week to discuss the question of amalgamation. The speak- ers urged the union on the grounds that if the division continued the Bol- sheviks would sweep the country. W.A. Holman, ex-Premier of New South' Wales, has settled his libel ac- tion with the Tweed River Newspaper Company, which promises to apologise and express regret for the alleged li- bellous publication. It has also con- sented to pay a donation to a hospital nominated by Mr. Holman, and ail the costs of the case. The Coal Miners' Tribunal delivered its award on Wednesday afternoon. The minimum wage for adult off-hand employes has been fixed at 16s. 6d. a day. Contract workers have been granted a 171 per .cent, increase, and other classes "also receive more money. The existing rates paid to boys and youths have been increased by 20 per cent. During the eariv hours of Sundav morning the Perth Dinghy Club was completely destroyed by. fire, and prac- tically all the 10-footers and 14-footers In the State have disappeared. Only two boats were partially insured, and the building for half the amount it will cost to re-build. It is thought that a lighted cigarette was the cause of the fire. Armed burglars broke into the pre- mises of Mr. C. C. Bott at Mordialloc, Victoria, on Wednesday. Mr. Bott was in bed at the time, and one man covered him with a revolver while the others ransacked the room. When the intruders were about to leave Mr. Bott rushed them, and was wounded in the arm. Assistance arrived, but not be- fore the masked men had made their escapc. Fifty pounds was stolen. A marriage Amendment Bill has been introduced into the N.Z. legis- lature, and provides that the Regis- trar-General shall not enter in the lists of ofneiatiner clergymen the name of any bishop, priest or minister of the Roman Catholic Church as long as tile "Ne Temeré" decree of chapter I. of the Council of Trent referred to in thc decree remains in force in New Zealand. Day by day the racial question be- tween Japan and America becomes more tlireatening. Only the well chosen words of national diplomats appear to keep the vexed situation in hand. Californians continue to clamor for the", extinction of the Oriental race : from their country, and at the same time the Japanese declare that if racial equality is not recognised by the League of Nations they will withdraw from that body. Last Tuesday evening the Govern- ment of N.S.W. brought down its Bill to deal with profiteering. This mea- sure is ol a "drag net" character, and will ha\e control over all classes of commodities. A profiteering prevention court is to be established with wide powers. The President is to be em- powered to order any firm to cease un- fair methods within a specified time, and the penalty for failing to comply with this order ia very heavy. 