GENERAL CABLES. Tnvnmx. ^MBbr 93. Th« death b announced of Admiral Si George ftllagnin, OCV.O, &CB;, Com . inander-m-Chief at The Nan, at the age of sixty-eight years. The deceased m cne o£ tke ablest men in too British navy. He succeeded Admiral Bar Frederick Bridgmsm as bead of the Home Fleet when tbc nanl brigade which relieved tke lega tions at Pdrin in IMP. Owing to the exchange difficulty, Aus txalian-4wund steamer* win leave very abort of cargo. One liner has only 1000 taiM and another 021)7 *boni 1500 toss. The owners is each ease expected about K0O tons. Sixteen countries axe represented at the fetecnatioaal Trades Union- Congress. M. . Grassnan, on behalf of the German deie wnre against all dictatorship. Their be lief was Oat the people as a whole should be supreme. The German people were de termined to fight Bolshevism. A reBotn tion was carried denouncing the attacks upon International federations of trade waions by the Moscow Trade Union later-. ?atfcmaL MABSE2LLES, November 23. It is announced that the steamer Sphinx, of the Hessageries Maritime d* Jrance Omnnanr. with several hundred passen gers on board, strode a *~'-f mine CO a voyage from Alexandria to Marseilles. The report, however, has not been confirmed. NEW TOES, November 21. News from Fargon, North Dato.a. states that the refnsar of the farmers to sell their grain, in an attempt to increase the price to 53 per bushel, caused Wm banks to dose within ten days. The in stitutions had granted the fanners heavy credits and the farmers could not realise on the loans when the grain remained unsold. LONTXBf, November 'A. The steamer Sphinx, of the Mcswgeries Maritime Company, which was reported ?*? Bftve htuck a Bo&unjr; mine, w efaze. TTi^ as. Bahia Castillo will sad en ihe 4th of December, via the Panama Caral, with SOB officers and men of the .Austra baa Imperial Forces and their wives led fiancees, also sixty naval officer* and **'n PRETORIA, November 24. Jt is understood on. eood anthon^ *hat s. general election wBl take place before the meeting oi Parliament at ihe end of January* next. - . JX)NDON, November 25'. Tj-t-n^ny **frf fr Qi-f ^lrvlini^ was icnorcd. in the film of the tour of the Prince of Wales, the Agent-General for Qneenalasi. Wr Pwwf^ ««»p^[wtiij^tj^ Wttb the COQlfc pany eontroUiEg the righti The «»*»- pany indicated its willingness. to remedy the oversight for £nghsh consumption. News from Berlin states tfiat the ex Kaiserin is serionslv HI. It is renorted that -all her children are gathered at her bedside. The former cour£ ehsplsin at Berlin hat been eirmmaned by telegraph. The Attorney-General. Sir Gordon Hewart, stated in the House of Commons to-day that it was not yet possible to say when the trials of the German war crimi nals would commence. Documents con taining the charges and the evidence were , in the hands of the Attorney- General of the High Court of Leipsie and were being investigated in accordance with the pro cedure of that court. * * A meeting or the *edrUrs of Robert Brace Sievier was held in the Bankruptcy nY.T.AT-MBrtn, Nurember 25. It is currently reported that lord Ca? mkhael. who was at one time Governor of Victoria, Australia, an! Madias and Bengal, India, has been appointed Viceroy , of India, and an official announcement is stated to he imminent. LONDOT7, NovcmbT 25. The National liberal Federation at Bradford has paased a resolution protect ing aisunst the conthyird waste of miMic nODey nT'^ dm/rmrtflrjinr draStlC *T* |*iwt^. ' sent. . The Union Steamshh) Company of Ken Zealand has purchased the ex-Oencaa steamers Cleopatra, Irmgard, HDde, Hugo and Stmoea. LONDON, November 28. The Duke of Westmiaster, who was re cently divorced by his wife, has been mar ried in a registry office in Buckingham Palace-road. On th* motion at Colonel Gibb the House of Commons baa appointed a eom mittes to consider the salaries and tas. vdfing ai^ other esienses of members. Colonel Gibb complained that it was im possible to lire on the present salary. The Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs, Signer Sforza, is due to arrive here PARIS. November 26. The top portion of the Calcaire Pyra mid, whSdk is on the summit of Mont Blanc, became detached and caused a formidable avalauehe. Huge * 'ff** of rock and snow swept down the Brents, Glacier, carrying away, tin fir forests. It then plunged into the Doire Valley, stopping on the outskirts of Creedupourtond. an Italian township. No one was injured. COPENHAGEN. November 26. A message from Berlin states that the Government nmtradicU the report from New York that the United States is grant ing Germany $400,000,000 credit for foods and raw materials. A conference of Norwegian, Swedish, and Danish steamship companies at Got tenburg resolved to icsuuie the African; and Australian services to their foil pre war extent. LONDON, November 27. Messrs. Harland and Wolff, of Belfast, have launched the Peninsular steamer Baradine, which is intended for the Aus- tralian service. The Secretary of State for the Colonies, Lord Milner, has appointed Mr. Alwin Dickinson British Commissioner at Nauru. Mr. Dickinson was formerly a director of the Pacific Phosphate Company. CAPETOWN, November 57. A message from Pretoria states that Parliament will be dissolved at the end of December, the elections will take place in February, and the new Parliament will assemble in March. ALLAHABAD, November 27. Mr. Lowell, an American geologist, who has been prospecting in a wild part of British Baluchistan, was murdered on the 24th instant with his Hindu interpreter by five men, said to be Pathans, in the Boraland district. The bodies have been recovered and a chase has begun in the mountains after the murderers. ROME, November 27. The explosion of a big shell dump at Vergate wrecked five villages and broke windows in Milan, thirty miles distant. Twenty people were killed and many in- jured. ROME, November 28. The Chamber of Deputies, by S2S votes to ten. approved of the treaty between Italy and Jugo- Slavis. . ' I \- IONDON, November 28. I The sum of £250,000 is being raised in! order to provide for an extension of the Prince of Wales Hospital as a personal, Krinntf. from the Empire to the completion ! by the Prince of his mission oversea. The Prime 'Minister of France, Mr. Leypjes. placed a. wreath on the cenotaph in Whitehall in memory of the British fallen. He also visited the. grave of the mknown warrior in Westminster Abbey. The Victorian ImmigratioB Department is despatching 112 immigrants by the steamer Miltiades and sixty by the steamer Orsova, of whom 132 are ex ecrrice men and their dependents. ATHENS, November 29. It is announced that all future laws will be promulgated in the name of Con stantine. MADRID, November 29. The destruction by fire of the new Transatlantic steamer Alphonso xm 14,000 ton:, is attributed to Syndicalists. 9ne hundred and fifty workmen have been Jetamed an suspicion of being concerned n the disaster. I VANCOUVER, November 29. A message from Washington stales thst the Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Daniels, has ordared the court-martial of lieu tenant-Commander Boucher. Assistant Governor af Stan, -whose charges of maladministration against thsj Governor, Jar. Terhusc. wen Id lowed ty the ?mode of the latter. The Naval Board which has bees investi gating^ -!*»»?» administration reported that thereajwas no evidence of irregularity and that the astir* mnrest was influenced by fi.'tT~'*-nmm-*n'l'r Boucher and others. '' 1 JjONDON, November 19. ! A awMfa from Tm&n;, to* «po aafie csfitoJ of Vmc^ rMa^thtt a h»g» waterspout broke over the town. causing floods and the collapse of build ings. Several people were drowned. The officials at Australia House discredit the statement nude by the - Secretary of the Australian sod New Zealand Dis charged Soldiers' ABsociatkni. TirMttf™fiTft Stabbaek. that over 3000 men are waiting to be repatriated. The officials state that the number probably does not exceed 2000. The King ant Queen of Denmark, accom panied bj their niece, wul arrive to-morrow on a, private visit to the King and Queen. Bnajour lately has been busy with the names of the Prince of Wales and.Prineess ' Margaret- The latter is an attractive] young lady twenty-five years of age. 1 Supplementary Estimates for the sum of £9.500,000 win be presented to the House of Commons on Wednesday next. They will include £3,500,000 for relief works. 