ï 'ADMTTED TO LEAGUE. SEMTOR MILLEN' DECLINES TO VOTE,' LOVDON, Dec 16 Austria has heon admitted to the Leaguo of Nations, ou tho decision of tita Assembly. Senator Millón alöno declined to voto either way. The Australian Press Association's represen- tative at Geneva reports that tho Assembly had a general debato yesterday on tho report on the admission of new Slates. Mr. E- A. Blankenburg said South Africa would welcome tho earliest ndmlSBioii of all States, including Germany, M. Motto (Switzerland), speaking on the ad- mission of Austria, strongly appealed for tho early admission of Germany, Russia, and America. The League,' he caid, must bo uni- versal, otherwise It would contain the gorm of Blow but sure disintegration. M. Vivlanl <Franco) vigorously replied that tho Longue was the guardian of right against force. Ho regretted America's abstention. When Russia carne down to the Ideas, of a great democracy she might gain admission. In respect to Germany it was her duty to show that the was fit to come In, She must baie o free Government, and bo able to give guarantees that sho would discharge her finan- cial obligations. "Germany," ho said, "will enter the League when she has given an effective guarantee. The League Cove- nant was meant to give effect to %he Peace Treaty. Two years have passed and Germany has not yet given eflectlvo guar- antees. Wo did not provoke the war. If tliero was anything to reproach us for It was that wo did not' foresee It. If the free nations bad not stood togother for tho world's free- dom this League would not be sitting in Geneva to-d.iy." , Lord Robert Cecil (South Africa) moved the admission of Austria, -which was carried. OPIUM AND VICE. The commltteo presented a report on tho opium and "white slave" traffic, and on India's claim to representation on the Labour orga- nisation as a groat industrial country. Tho commltteo recommended acquiescence with the Netherlands' desire that the League should assume the duties hitherto carried out hy her under the opium convention, also that signatories to the convention who wero non-members of the League'should be Invited to appoint assessors on the League'B advisory committee, with a special invitation to America. The committee unanimously" recommended that tho League should undertake its obliga- tions in respect to tho "white slave" traffic, but decided that the Assembly was not competent to decide India's claim, tho council alone be- ing compoteht to decide as to which aro tho principal industrial Powers. Tho report on the opium und «tvhlto slave traffic was adopted and the Assembly authoris- ed tho Secretariat to send a questionnaire to all Governments, asking what legislativo mea tures they had taken,to combat the traille. An interesting feature of the debato was a speech in.English by Miss Forchhammer, a Danish delegate, who is tho first woman to address the Assembly, appealing to every Government to legislate for tho suppression of tho traffic, which, she declared, was a blot on civilisation. « The Indian delegates stated their case with repird to the Labour organisation, but offered no amendment, and the committee's report was adopted unaltered. Mr. Barnes (Britain) pointed out 'they had not accepted the invi- tation to attend the Labour Conferenco in Washington last year. The election of four non-permanent mem- bers of the council resulted in the election of Spain (35 votos), Brazil (33), Belgium (21), and Cliina (21). In tho third ballot China bent Belgium by one vote, but did not secure a majmity of the Assembly. A further voto, as uetv.con China and Belgium, resulted in the latter's victory, but China secured a.majority in the fourth ballot over Roumania, and several minor nation«. SENATOR AOLLEN'S EFFORTS. ? Mr Percy Hunter, Commonwealth Immigra- tion Director, who accompanied Senator Millen to Geneva, states that Senator Mlllen's ro nidrl-ibio fight at tho League of Nations in the ciiuao of economy is recognised by all tho Pnv ers at Geneva. Ho practically domi- nated the finance commission's sittings for a fortnight, and was insistent that the gener- ally extravagant ideas of establishment should be'remodelled. Though naturally facod'with considerable opposition by vested interests, ho nueceeded finally lo securing sufficient support to onsuro that futuro budgets will be rigiirously economised. Ho mado a great fight against the establishment of several new end costly independent commissions, and the Assembly adopted his view in altering (be constitution of these bodies from permanent to merely temporary advisory committees. Sonitor Mlllen's efforts will result in tho Bavins of hundreds of thousands yearly, with- out impairing tho efficiency of tho scheme to prevent war. They will also savo Australia a very big sum In contributions to the League. Australia was charged at tho same rate as France and Britain. Although relief will not be Immediate it will bo ultimately attain- ed and made retrospective. 