Our Country And Co-operation Rural Education. DENMARK was the first country to realise that a rapid growth of industrial armies, with a concurrent de cline in rural population, was a national menace. Denmark was also the first country to stem the tide citywards, and advance towards the goal of a proper ad justment of agriculture with industry. It is a small coun try now — little more than half the size of Tasmania — but has a population density of about 200 people per square mile. Fogs prevail for about ninety days a year, and in Copenhagen — in a good location — the people enjoy about fifty days of sunshine annually! But the Danes are a sturdy race, with a good 'punch.' In 1834, as a result of the war with Prussia, the country lost two of its most flourishing provinces; but the people, with an inborn love of country, fought on, and did their utmost to develop the small territory that remained. But great economic changes had taken place in the country during the sixty years prior to the Avar with Prussia, as will be . seen from the following table: — DENMARK.— ANNUAL INCREASES IN POPULA TION PER 10,000 PEOPLE. Period. | Capital City. | Rural Districts. ' ISOl-1840 ? | '48 8H 1840-1880 ? 190 82 1880-1890 .... 325 ? 21 ? The provincial towns showed the same rapid increase as the capital city. But at this point the danger of such a decline in the rural population was seen, and a readjustment com menced. 1890-1901 ? | 259' j 28 : 1901-1906 ? | 152 | 99 Since 1906 further progress has been made, and the people living in the open country and rural villages have increased from 60 to 61 per cent, of the total population. IT is significant that co-operation obtained its first real hold on the farming com munity during the decade when the flow of population citywards was stemmed. Professor Foght in his book 'Rural Denmark' tells a story of wonderful achievements since the advent of co-operation. Old Denmark is being made anew. Everywhere the fields are kept ? in a high state of production through careful tilling and fertilisation. . Great macadamised roads have drawn the farmsteads close to the markets, and made the large traffic in ra-w materials from farm to town possible and convenient. Free rural ' delivery and parcels post have long since become indispensable. Rural telephones are common, and in many regions the farm houses and farm schools are lighted by electricity generated by wind power. And this story commences in the rural schools. Elementary agriculture under various names is taught in every rural dis ?, trict. Here the young Danes get their love . for the soil, and, thus inspired, continue their education in the several kinds of agricultural schools. When at the close of the Prussian war all seemed lost, and the nation was sink ing in a lethargy of despair, new voices were heard in the land. A new philosophy was being promulgated; i't taught that educa tion must become universal, practical, and democratic, ana tnat Denmark's defence must be built on the foundation of broad intelligence rooted in the love of God and home and native land. The elementary schools, too, felt the new influence, and strove to answer the needs of the new times. The people were eager to listen— and to act. They commenced to work for their country and co-operation! THE Danish scheme of education for farm life begins with the free elementary schools. The uniform thorough ness which marks these rural schools is explainable in well-trained teachers of long terms in the same com munity. These teachers are well paid, and content with their lot; they rank high socially, and in most instances make use of their opportunities to become community leaders and organisers. In 1899 the teachers' salaries were materially increased, and teacher training gradually improved. In 1908 still another salary law went into ef fect. This was so liberal as to make the position of rural teacher very attractive and sought after. All rural teach ers are provided with comfortable homes. These are built and owned by the commune. If the home does not come up to the required standards, the teacher can have recourse to law. Compulsory attendance probably accounts for the large percentage of children of school age enrolled in the rural schools. The number of school children of school age for the years 1909, 1910, and 1911 were respectively 255,681, 258,880, 261,518. For the year 19] 1 the school rolls provided the following table: — Attending public rural schools ? 242,291 Attending: private country schools ? 18,405 Abnormal, sick, etc ? 452 Children of school age not attending school ? 370 : Total ? 261,518 Teachers in the public rural schools numbered 5353, and teachers in private elementary schools in rural districts about 700. The increases during recent years in the num bers of rural children of school age are materially larger .than in Copenhagen and the provincial towns. Danish law 'requires that parents and guardians must give notice to the parish council when moving away from the parish. The same kind of notice must be given the authorities of the parish to which the family moves, in order that the children may be properly recorded and no time lost. Chil dren are kept on the records of the school from which they are moved until the teacher is notified in writing by the teacher in the new parish that these children are re enrolled in school. This method of tracing children has had excellent results. The elementary rural schools of Denmark have reached, their present state pf high efficiency as the result of many years of painful development. The fact that the Danish people are grouped in compact com munity settlements has, however, made the development easier than in new countries. In a country such as ours, with a scattered population, the development of our rural schools is an exceedingly difficult problem; but much can be done by efficient organisation. THE commission on country life appointed by President Roosevelt in 1908, which was referred to ill a previous article, reported that the American rural schools are held largely responsible for ineffective farming, lack of ideals, and the drift to the towns and cities. The task now is to put the schools in harmony with the needs of present-day life. This means that many important changes must be brought about: — (t) There must be a thorough redirection of the subject matter taught in the schools. (2) There must be a general reorganisation of the entire working staff of school boards, superintendents, and teachers. (3) The entire plant of the schools must be rebuilt. (4) Education must be carried into the farm home through various kinds of extension courses. Professor Foght, commenting on this report, sums up the then existing American rural school conditions by saying that throughout the length and breadth of the land were scattered thousands of weak one-teacher schools — schools which were possibly good enough in the days of land ex ploitation. With the shifting of population they became small and weak, poorly taught, and poorly paid. They were no longer able to cope with new agricultural condi tions. In some sections these small schools must con tinue indefinitely, chiefly on account of geographical con ditions. . In Australia the most will have to be made of a bad situation by providing good, well-trained, and well paid teachers who understand present- day country needs, and who, withal, have the right vision of the new country life. The rural school movement now beginning to spread across the continent of America contemplates the consoli dation of many weakling schools in a few centrally-located graded farmers' schools. Such schools, offering eight grades of elementary work, together with from one to four years of high school work, are springing up by the thousands, a single State counting as many as six hundred. The new schools will do for the country communities what the old schools were incapable of doing, namely, train the boys to become scientific farmers, and the girls practical farm ers' helpmeets. The movement is beginning to inculcate a wholesome love of country life, and may be expected to counteract the town ward exodus. But, more — from the new schools must come many impulses to organise the country people on a more permanent social and economic basis. MISS ELISSA FRANC, in her book dealing with the work of the United States Government, gives a sum mary of the assistance given to the rural schools at the present time: — The work of the Bureau of Education in connection with rural schools is carried out in coopera tion with the State systems; the Federal authorities as sisting the State's officers when asked to do so. The work of the division may be said to fall under the following headings: — (1) It acts as a clearing-house of information on every phase of rural school work all over the country. (2) It gives information and advice concerning the training of vcachers. (3) It draws up programmes of study for rural school wor».. (4) It organises rural teachers' reading courses. (5) The bureau constantly sends out literature, with or without one of its representatives, showing the needs of the rural schools. (6) One of the most important phases of the work of this division is its work of surveys. One of the latest surveys published by the division, and typical of this work, was that of Wyoming. In this in stance a committee appointed by the Governor, and pro vided for by the State Legislature, sent an invitation to the Bureau of Education for the survey of its schools. The method of conducting this survey consisted in personal visits to the schools and teachers by the members of the survey party, visits to the country superintendents, the collection of statistical .data, etc. lo arouse interest and educate the public, letters were sent to hundreds of rural inhabitants of Wyoming inquiring if the schools were satisfactory, and what coin plants there were against them. This was done not merely to get their personal opin ion, but to get the State stirred up in taking in interest in its schools in sufficient mea sure to handle the legislation concerned thcr--- witli. The completed report and recom mendations of thp Bureau of Education, cf which there were issued 3500 copies, was then circulated throughout the State. The direct result of this survey was that the Governor of Wyoming- called a meeting of all tho people connected with the schools. This meeting lasted three days, and dis cussed all the recommendations brought up by the Bureau of Education. Every possible method of arousing the people of the State to the importance of a change in school legislation was used. The Bureau of Educa tion gave further direct help in drawing up these new laws incorporating the changes and improvements suggested in the re port. IN New South 'Wales for many years edu cationalists have been endeavouring to get the people stirred up to take an ?-? in terest in our rural schools. Fifteen years ago an article in the 'Mail' dealing with Government agricultural education pointed out that 'a review of the methods adopted by the Government to impart agricultural education and improve the system of pro duction may perhaps explain the reason why agriculture in New South Wales is still a yood way behind the times. . . The pre sent Director of Agriculture has the in terests of the farmer at heart, and were he supported heartily by Parliament and people much good might te done. Instead, we are mot by the objection of expense whenever the estimates come up in Parliament, while oven the efforts of such experimental farms as that at Wagga to become self-supporting are decried as 'interference with private enterprise.' In the United States a broader view is taken of agricultural education, and there the farmer, in consequence, gets more return for his labour.' Every season the subject is raised at the Teachers' Annual Conference. The resolutions car ried are commented upon by the press— strong, pleas are made for educational reform— while we, as a. people, ap pear unable to realise the necessity for that intense belief in the supreme value of education we find in America and other countries. We are not, putting our backs into the job of organising our country, and endeavouring, one and all, to form' a strong public opinion for education, immigration, and co-operation— the three prime factors in the solution of our problems of food production and industrial unrest. With a strong public opinion will come the necessary reforms, legislation, and the betterment of rural life and conditions. Our educationalists realise what is re quired, but are helpless until backed by the co-operation of the people. WE Australians should be ashamed of the following . scathing criticism of our methods which appeared in the December (1919) issue of 'Schooling':— 'The rural schools, both primary and secondary, are capable of great improvement. A training more stimulating to gene ral and special intelligence is needed for country children. Perhaps the most serious defect is the inadequate training of the teachers placed in charge of rural schools. Young people of 18 or 19, with a smattering of general education and an entirely insufficient professional training, are placed in charge of the schools. The great mass of the rural population is trained by these teachers. It is not surpris ing that the young people educated in this way are incap able of making use of the scientific experience available, Or of thinking out novel methods of meeting situations for which no customary lore exists. What appears to be needed is a more generous policy for rural education. Larger consolidated small schools, with a boarding-house, if necessary, provided. And all rural schools, large and small, should be staffed with highly qualified and well paid teachers. Only so can our rural industries be pro perly developed.' In January of this year a country cor respondent reported: — Boara Public School was built on Burrangong Heights 40 years ago to accommodate about 20 children. It has not been renovated or repaired since. Fifty children are. (Continued on Page 32. J The education system of Denmark is primarily responsible for the wonderful prosperity of that country and for the great advance that has been made in agricultural co-operation. We need more of the spirit of the Danes in Australia. If We are to build up a nation on the only stable basis possible our rural schools, must become the 'hot- beds' of the farmers' co-operative movement. Our children must be taught to love the land. This article — the fourth of a series on co-operation — tells something of the story of Denmark s remarkable progress, despite many natural disadvantages, and also deals tyith the system that is now proving so effective in the United States of America. CO-OPERATION. ? (Continued from Page S.J ? now crowded into a ramshackle room of 27ft by 16ft that has been condemned by inspectors many times during the past six years as being unfit for habitation. The adjoining teacher's residence is now the tumbledown abode of bulldog ants and lizards, the teacher having to live in a neighbour ing town. Those of us who have travelled through our back country, and are familiar with the conditions of life in some of our country towns, know that the description of the Boara school is typical .of many others. The well-trained and well-paid Danish school teacher would be appalled if sent into such environment without any backing from head quarters to effect improvements, or give as sistance in establishing co-operative effort among the people. But with efficient na tional organisation the conditions of our rural settlements could be greatly improved. Similar conditions were found in many of the American settlements; but with the co operation of the people, assisted by the Bureau of Education and the Department of Agriculture, a wonderful transformation has taken place in rural education, rural life, and in the very spirit of the people, and the children attending the schools. WE have a big fight before us in remodel ling our country centres, and we sadly lack leaders — patriotic and earnest men who are prepared to work for their country in ? the same spirit that inspired our soldiers to battle for the safety of the Empire. It was the spirit of co- operation that carried our. boys through the thickest of the fights in Prance, and this same spirit will surely inspire thom now in the labours of peace if they receive the same backing as they re ceived in the war — the full resources of the country properly organised for the great Uvork ahead. Part of the fight will be to break down the barrier of jealousy which at times appears between country and city. When the farmers secure an increased vote for educational work in the country, we hear complaints of 'coddling,' 'spoonfeeding,' etc. In turn, when we in the city find our business development, retarded by inadequate transit facilities, and try to improve them, we see reports from country centres about 'wasting money in the city when so much is required to be done in the country.' The 'eason for this so- called jealousy may be ' found in the fact that we have not so far organised our country on co-operative lines. If the farmers had a large building in the city housing a full complement of organis ing; and co-operative 'societies on the lines of the American Board of Farm Organisa tions, referred to in the previous chapter, we should hear very few complaints against the city for pushing on with improved tran WAR MEMORIAL AT WALLENDBEEN. The obelisk and lamps were erected by Mr. Donald Mackay, of Wal- lendbeen, in honour of the local members of the A.l.F. Nearly 100 names are inscribed on it. The obelisk is 30ft high, standing on a foundation of 40 tons of concrete. The base and pillars are of Bow- ral trachyte, the remainder being Harcourt granite. On the base of the spire is a design in metal of crossed flags and rising sun. The lamp standards are 15ft high, the lamps being of 350-candle-power. sit and transport facilities in and around the metropolis. Many city people are ? in different as to the requirements of our rural districts owing to lack of knowledge as to the important place agriculture must hold in the future in the great work of national development. One and all, however, must remember that 'the city and the country express the equation of life. A weakness in one member means the ruin of both. Each must supplement, but not destroy, the other, and both must be preserved.' 