GENERAL CABLE NEWS London, Dec. 2. Wells, the man .who broke the bank at Monte Carlo, and. who is now 78 years of age, is again in the limelight of the law courts. After he had defrauded the public of £32,000 by a scheme warranted to pay one per cent. 'daily on all in vestments, Wells put his money into an annuity bringing 'him in eighty thousand francs. His credi torls demanded this, but Wells threatened to commit suicide and so end the. annuity, unless he was al lowed to keepenough to live on. His creditors have now agreed to give Wells £260 a year, and the 'ourt has assented to the arrangement. " - Copenhagen, Dec. 2. Professor Fischer, a Danish phy sician, in a newspaper article de tails his discovery of a new fluid treatment for wounds. It is called incitamen. It consists of an organic substance, mainly vegetable. The discovery -resulted from investiga tions following his observation that organic preparations are more ef fective than organic. The fluid is a strong antiseptic,. and will prob ably have beneficial effects in can cer. Remarkable effects. are claimed for it.. London, Dec. 2: The coal output -for the week ended November 20 was 5,210,000 tons, be ing 220,000. tons more than the pre vious highest. If that rate of out put is maintained, the miners will be entitled in January to an addi tional 9/ a week. London, Dec. 2. A meeting of provision importers resolved that the increased freights demanded for cheese' from New Zea land, 3aid. per lb. plus percentage, are exorbitant and unwarranted.. They decided to send a deputation to the Australasian refrigerated ton -nage committee to protest and ask for a reduction. New York, Dec. 2. The crack American lady. swimmer, bliss Ethelda Bleibtrey, has accept, ed the invitation to.visit Australia, and sails in the Makura from Van couver on the 15th inst. Other swimmers who are coming to Aus tralia are Duke Kahanamoku and Kealoha, of Hawaii, and Miss Ludy Langer, of Amei'ica. London, Dec. 2. \- The newspaper "Truth" said yesterday that the directors of a limited liability company known as Wet Carbonising, Ltd., which was formed in 1912 to utilise Scottish peat for fuel, propose to wind up. its affairs. The paper said that £100,000 was lost. Mr. Arthur Balfour, M.P., was the largest in dividual shareholder, he invested nearly £60,000. His brother, Mr. Gerald Balfour, who was chairman of directors, was also a large sharehoider. At a meeting to-day the company decided to liquidate:. Mr. Gerald Balfour stated that. the liabilities were £372,000, and the immediate assets practically nil. They owed the Government £200,000. The directors and their families had in vested £405,000 in the company. The failure was due ±o the war and financial stringency. London, Dec. 2. At the' Guildhall to-day B?rnet Samson charged Louis Segal, Abraham Segal, and Henry Him melachein with., conspiring fraudu lently to sell him 44,000 sheepskins fori leather, knowing that they :were worthless for the purpose. Sam son's counsel said that thiese ~rero the skins stored in Old Swan Lane, and a bomb recently exbloded amunong them. He made no accixsa tion regarding the bomb against the defendants. London. Dec. 2. The City of Doncaster has adopted the French village of St; Leger, near Arras, for its special assist Washiington, Dec. 2. T• e chairman of tlhe Immigration Commlunttee of the House of Reprc Sentatzves Ias submtitied a bill for suspendmg all immnigration into Amei'ic'a for two years. London, Dec. 3. Under the fusion of the scheme of the London lBank of Australia and the English and Scottish Bank,. Mr. Andrew Williamsonu becomes direo t.or of the former. and chairman of both banks, · .. . . . 