GENERAL CABLE WEWS London, Nov. 26. Int'erviewed by a representative of the Australian Press, Lieutenant Stabback, who was formerly on General Gellibrand's staff, and who is now secretary of the Australian and New Zealand Discharged Sol diers' Association, stated that his committee welcomed the -repatria tion proposals. They were liberal without being overt-generous, and were practically based on the com mittee's recommendations to the High Commissioner. In the last six months approximately 800 men had been discharged in Britain. Three fourths were married. 'He anticipa ted that 300 would be applying for repatriiation, together with pro bably 4500 dependents. He estima ted the cost of transport at £300,000. He suggested that "repatriation should be spread over twelve months to avoid congesting the Aus tralian labour market London, Nov. 26. Discharged soldiers besieged Aus tralia House all to-day demanding advances. Successive deputqtirns to Mr. Fisher and Mr. Hogbeh re presented that they were homeless and foodless. Mr. Eisher stated that the whole matter was outside his jurisdiction, That was. now vested in Senator Millen. The dis charged men demanded that Sena tor- Millen should beo recalled from Geneva. Eventually the worst cases received temporary assistance. London, Nov. 26. Mr. Wilton, formerly' an estate agent in Melbourne, and latterly director of the Australian Y.M.C.A. Inquiry Bureau at Aldwycdi Theatre, informed the Atstyalian Press that he had dissuaded' a hundred 'dis charged men from demonstrating in Hyde Park and marching to Austra lia House. Many to- day threatened to attend immigration meetings and discredit statements made theFeat. London; Nov. 2d: Mr. Justice Rowla.tt, in the Court of King's Bench, recently decided that under the' Gaming Act all bets made by cheque are recoverable. The Smater will be pursued to the highest' court. The bookmakers declare that if the decision is upheld it will in volve millions sterling. Already people have taken steps to recover theim losses, and it is stated that a member of the Victoria. Clutb has received a demand for £19,000. The Official Receiverlihas begun to inter vene for the benefit? of creditors in bankrupt estates,- and trustees and others are loing similarly. A leadiidg official of the Victoria Club declares that as presumably the decision. applies to all bets made during the period allowed by -the statute of limitations, many book makers would, be ruined unless they. were able tor recover the punters' winnings. The decision cuts both ways, but chaos would result if the judgment is upheld. Paris, Nov. 26. The top of the Calcaire pyramid, which is the summit of Mopt Blanc, becaune detached causing a formid able avalanche. Huge , masses of rock and snow swept down the Bientsa glacier carrying away -the fir forests. They then plunged into the Doire/ valley; stopping on the outskirts of an Italian township. There were no personal injuries. London, Nov. 26. The Ilfracombe Association Foot ball Ground has been ordered to be closed for a fortnight and two ilay ers have been suspended for,a week in consequence of the- serious mob bing of the referee in a recent match. The club has been directed to engage police at all home matchei. London, Nov. 27. Ernest 13arry. on his return, ;i London yesterday. reiterated hig de tefuinination to retire. He says that Australia will sooi challenge for the sculling championship, and Eng land must finad a new defender. He paid an enthusiastic tribute to his trtatment in Australia. Barry will receive a torchlight' welcome at Twickenham, where ox-King Manoel will make a presentatioqn to him. London, Nov. 27. In a speech in London last night Admiral Sir 'Percy 8cott affirmed ,that during the German rout in the battle of JTutland a swarm of. des troyers quitted Harwich to adminis ter the coup de grace. An Ad miralty wireless message recalled them. That was a terrible crime. Somebody blundered, but it was not d.olli·e Allahabad, Nov. 27. Mr. Howell, an American geolo gist, prospecting in a wild part of British Baluclhistai, was. -murdered on the 2.4th with his Hindu inter preter by five men said to be Pathans in the Boraland district. The bodies were recovered. A chase has begun into the mountains after the fugitives. London, Nov. 27. There. is a growing stringency in the money market, but large Gov ernment disbursements on December 1, including 50 million. sterling on war loans, should considerably ease the'sit-uation, The banks, however, are likely `o restrict loans in De eerrer in order r conserve their cash resources, and to make a good show of their balance sliheets. The foreign exchanges have fluc tuated considerably, but the move ments generally favoured London. The German -mark was very erratic, closing at 245 after touching 215. All departments of the Stock Ex change show a marked shrinkage in values. Forced liquidation is evi dent in many quarters. Owing to the restriotion of credit facilities 'traders fhnd it ,increasingly difficult to finance the carrying of heavy stocks. The decline in the prices of commodities will not allow 'the profitable realisation 6V holdings,. and the only alternative is to liqui date Stock Exchange securities. Wool conditiofis in the Bradford Smar'ket show little exchange. Tops quotations are nominal with an easier tendency, and only purchases in small quantities for immediate requirements. A lock-up continues at the retail end of the trade, pre ventin: 7:nmy fiew of business. There is not ".'t :-.:icient -confidence in values, uar ticularly in -the Govern ment reserves, which are relatively higher than in other markets. The raw material end of -the trade is rather happier, and the position is I more hopef ul. Though there is little business,.,there 4ss a feeling that the worst is over as regards the re adjustw ent of prices. There is also a mucn more confident feeling in the United States since the elec tions; enquiry is improving ;- some orders are coming along4; and Ger many is now oucrating in cross breds. Wheat continues very slow in the expectation that a Royal Commis sion will shortly reduce the price following the reduction of 4/ in im ported flour ,commencing on the 29th'inst. It is stated that Cana dian wheat could be purchased here if the .market was free at 18/ 'be low the present quotation. The depression in freights has be come general. All markets are over ?upplied with tonnage. It is ex pected that a considerable number of steamers will be laid up next week as that is cheaper than running them. The Australian wheat corn mittee is holding off the market,. but fixtures have been made for France on theJ franc basis which at the present exchange is equivalent to. about 125!. Probably steamers could be fixed for January-March loading at 120/. The general decline in the whole sale prices of connnodities is re garded as the most encouraging sign in the business world. The process of deflation may be a long one, it miust be accompanied by a period of' business depression; but it "should ultimately effect a reduction in the cost of living, entailing a lower basis e-.',:; and a more reason able ; :. the part of Labour, i thus us to prodkiee more cheali;:, i. regain the markets which \\-i: l:ave been losing. But so i tar the reduction has no':it spC-d t:i the retailer or the consumer, and the Nat.onal Wool and Textle Ini i das1 tr . 'Conlilfl "Yrtv 3flp," ,tile1 the payment of an advance of 20 per cent. in the cost of living wages. I London, Nov. 28. The "Sunday- Express" in a. len athy arcicle, narra!e:s how nat Lord Miluer's instance Marshal Foch was chosen on 4arc:h "'. :. , supreme command of the western front after a protractied discussion at the post morn?ntbus ,athering in the war. London, Nov. 28. The international Trade Union Congress, having already adopted a resolution proposed by Mr. J. IH. Thomas, M.P., resentiu g the ar tempt of the Moscow International to; dictate to the congress, yester 4ay pasised ano~ter eseolwtiou pro posed by MAr. Thomas, declaring that the claims of the SovieD leaders to govern the couritry and direct the workers' ini-rnational movement were irc ....: . and ,nadmissible. The London Labour party to-day by 349 votes to 341 declined to. amiliate with- the communist party. New York, Nov. 27. The "n1ew York Times." comment ing on the membership of the.Austra hian Davis Cup team, says that -they. are highly resourceful players, who will defend the Australian-held honours ably. The team is well grounded in all departments of play. Allahabad, ,Nov. 28. At a meeting yesterday of the All India Lawn Tennis Association, .at, Delhi, it was decided to enter India for the Davis Cup in 1021 The team will consist of British subjects or the subjects of native States. New York, Nov. 27. Advices from Chicago say that during tp.e last three months grain prices have steadily fallen, wheat dropping from 252 cents a bushel to- 129, corn from 119 to 98, and oats from 70 to 43. Foreign interests have been buying heavily, taking advantage of the low figures. Sev eral Kansas and Nebraska grain ele vators or warehouses have failed as the result of the falling market. Washington, Nov. 27. The American Federation of La bour says tat .there are more than two million unemployed in the Uni ted States now, and therefore it urges above all else before Congress a bill totally prohibiting.immigra tion for a fixed period, probably a year. London, Nov. 26. Arrivals--At Hull. Pilna; at Suez, Kinkasan Maru; at Port Natal, Hellenic, Port Pirie, City of Dur ham, City of Corinth. Departures- For - Sydney, Miltiades, Cyclops, Miakura; for hlelbourne, Bellshoe, Kensington, Capo di Monte, Atholl,. Port Darwin, Norman Star; -for Auckland, Port Melbourne. London, Nov. 26. The -Duke of Westminster, whose wife recently obtained a. divorce frpm him, arnd Mrs. Violet Rowley, who lately obtained a divorce from her husband, were quietly married to-day-in a registry office in Buck ingham Palace-road. On the motion -of Colonel Gibb, ti,.; Commons to-day appointed a committee to consider the salaries of.members and their travelling and other expenses. Colonel Gibb com plained that it. was impossible to live on the present salary. Pretoria, Nov. 26. T?he Union Parliament will be dis solved at the end of December ; the elections will take place in Febru ary, and the new Parliament, will assemble in March. Copenhagen, Nov. 27. A conference in Gottcnburg of the Norwegian, Swedish, and Danish Steanship Companies - resolved to resume the African and Australian services to the full pre-war extent. London, Nov. 27. The Victorian Immigration De partment is despatching 112 persons by the Miltiades and 60 by the Or soya.. Of these 132 are ex-service men and their dependents. Messrs. Harland and Wolfe to-day launched the P. -and O liner Bara dine for l-the Australian service. London, Nov. 28. The French Premier, M. Leygues, yesterday placed a wreath ori the cenotaph in memory of the British fallen, and visited the grave of the unknown warrior ini Westminster Abbey. - A quarter of a million sterling will-be raised for the extensioni of the:,Prince of Wales' Hospital as a personal tribute front the whole Empire to th'e Prince on the com pletion of his overseas mission. \- Rome. Nov. 27. The explosion of a dump of big shells at Vergato vwrecked five vii highs and broke windows in Milan thirty miles distant. TwenRity per sons were killed and many injured. 