SUMMARY. ; | Tlie Conl Tonne — TJio "Dally News" states that political circle arc dlscuSBlas the possibility ot a gcnoral elec tion on tbo coal Issue- Mr. Lloyd Ooorgo doos not deBlro to go to tno country until after next session. The Prime Mlnistor, may, however, ask the country for a vordlct In order to deal dras- tleally with direct action threats. Mr. C. N. Barnes, speaking at Glasgow, de nied the right ot any section of the com munity to demand a drop In coal prices of Ms 2d u ton Ho said that, In tho ovont of such a reduc tion, the difference would havo to bo mot by taxation. The conference between the miners' oxocutive and tho Minister for Labor has failed. Irish Crisis—- Further murders by Sinn Felnors In Trolnnd are reported. Aid. M'Swinnyfl Bister pleaded for an oppor tunity to address tho Trades Union Congress at Portsmouth. She was refused, and left the gallery shouting,' "Traitors!" The Sinn Fein leader. Griffith, challenged Mr. Lloyd Goorgo to establish an Impartial tribunal to Investigate Aid. M'Curtnln's murder. Ho slates that Sinn Fein can produce amplo evidence that tho pollco arc guilty. IJr. Redwood cayn that' Dr. Mannlx wrote from America befcro Lloyd George s Interdiction, stating that ho was refraining from making speochcs In England and Ireland. Dr. Mannlx denies that ho gave an undertak ing to refrain from spcecli-mnklng In Ireland. Ho states that Ihc roajjostc/l that there should bo no demonstration on bis arrival at Quccnstown. Tile Profiteering; Bill— The Premier, replying to .Tudgo HoIIn. says tho Government Is determined lo put a stop to tho continual exploitation of the people. Tho Profiteering Bill, now In hand, was a bottor measure than the one In existence, and It must be adminlstred In tho public interest. lie was referring to this when he said if he could ho would reinovo tho present commis sion. Our Industrial troubles were duo mainly to high prices. Tho consumer was exploited everywhere. I rofftcerlng must stop, or be stopped, if tliey wero to bo allowed to live In conditions of safety and progress. Oflicr Cnlilo— A Washington message states that Soviet P.ussia is mobilising all males between the ages of M and 50 In a flnnl effort to strengthen tho army. The- French loan of 100,000,000 dollars, floatod In America at S per cent., has beon heavily over-subscribed. Nino man have died and three aro seriously 111 at Baltimore as a result of drinking alcohol. Tho Prince of Wales has arrived at Acapulco (Mexico), and beon officially welcomed. A Danish ship, which was carrying munitions for Poland, was stopped In tlic Kiel Canal by tho German authorities. A swimmer nnmed Sullivan has failed in his second attempt to swim the Channel. Aeroplanes In Mesopotamia dropped supplies and money for tbo garrison at Snmawnh. The projected tour of a team of English . cricketers in New Zealand has been aban- I donca. ' Stedmnn, tho Victorian swimmer, won tho nt'Oyds. amateur chnmplonshlp of England In 58 seconds. The maize and tobacco crops In tho United States are record ones. The wheat. crop Is esti mated at 770,000,000 bushels. Tho Director of Raw Materials welcomes Mr. Hughes's statement that no more wool would ho scoured In Australia than would find a re munerative market. The Orient mail liner Konlgln Louise, with 050 passengers, bound for Australia, collided with the steamer Loughborough off Lisbon in a fog. The Loughborough was beached, but tho Orient vessel was not dumagod, and no' Ilve3 were lost. '.the seizure of business properties in Italy by the Communists is extending. Armed bands aro also taking possession of bnroninl estates. It is freely rumored in well-informed circles at Simln that Mr. Winston Cnurchlll may be appointed Viceroy of India. The London "Dully Herald" has announced that Its director received £75.000 from the Bol sheviks during Ills Russian visit in 1319. The "Herald" asks its readers whether, in view of the impoverished state of Russia, It may accept this money. General— «- Attempts were made yesterday to seek a basis upon which tho Iron trades trouble might bo settled. A mooting convened by the Labor Council of representatives of the unions affected was held, but no report ot a satisfactory nature was made. Tho Federal Government has a number of im portant appointments to mako, Including an Administrator of the former German territories. It Is expected that Senator Russell will bo the Commonwealth representative on the Wheat Board. Tho 'State Government Is considering the problem of Oiling the Murray and Oxloy vacan cies, and others that may occur. It Is believed that the decision will be cither In favor of the distribution of tho prcfcronco votes or a by-election on the basis of tho new single member electorates. Sir Joseph Cook states that It tlie proposed grant of £100,000 for commercial aviation Is found to be insufficient it will bo increased. Tho overdraft ot the Australian Wheat Board was reduced from £2,173,000 to £1,731,000 lu tbo week ended Soptcmber G. Senator Millcn will probably bo the Common wealth representative at the Gcnova Convention. The docislon of tho Cabinet will be doffnltcly announced to Government supporters on Wed nesday. Vaueluso House and grounds have been offered to tho Federal Government as a per- " munent war museum. Sir Joseph Cook says ho believes the Go vernment will be grateful for It. New South Wales Is still over a million bo ll lid its quota for tho Peace Loan. The Llthgow Hospital committee proposes to grant a general increase in nurses' salaries. Mr. Asiiford was further examined before tho Soldiers' Settlement Inquiry yesterday, 'es pecially with rogard to the Rosewood land. Over £2000 has so far been received In con nection with the Y.W.C.A. nppenl. Tho supply of eornsacks at tho Government's disposal Is to be distributed amongst necessi tous farmers, at lus per dozen. Replying to tbo Federal Country Party, Mr.. Hughes 6ald tho Government was strongly in favor of Immigration. An offectlvo schenio should bo sanctlonod by Parliament. On tho application of Barry un Injunction until Monday has beon granted against the ex hibition of certain pictures of tho champion ship race. Mr. Mutch says bo docs not regard machine- guns as a sultablo trophy for public schools, : and lias decided to reffuso applications for- them. The first crlckot matches of tho season start to-day. Several junior competitions begin, and a combined Ilrst-grude team plays at Bexley. Mr. Partridge, ox-Sister Llguorl's brother, proposes to mako ccrtnin Inquiries at Wugga. The cx-sistcr will remain with her Protestant friends until slio leaves with her nrother for Ireland by the first avallablo boat. Arthur Tattlo, a visitor from Wellington (N.Z.), was killed at Mascot yostcrday by an aeroplane, wbilo taking photographs. Tho baronotcy ot Lueas-Tootli has boon tc created by tho King, and conforrcd upon tho oldost grandson of Lady Henry Lucns-Tooth. The Textllo Workers' Union proposes to form a company to start a woollen mill. The union wishes to havo Parramatta Gaol handed over for a far' toy. The steamer Bormagut struck a reof off Bol- lambl on Thursday night, hut was refloated, and reached Sydney for docking. Weather Foreciwt— "Further unsettled weather, with rain and thumler, but ohlcfly In tho eastorn half. "Becoming lino In tho west, and lutor extond- lng eastwards. West to southerly winds, squally on tho coast," _ e. . L 