Very Latest Cables (Australian Cable Aiaoclatlon Mea •agea.) LONDON, Snturduy. Tho Australian Pross correspondent at Qiniovn says Unit us tho nomination of tho Judges lu tlio Urnfl tor the In ternational Court was inndo by tha National croups, an auieudmont has boon proposed which will cnnblo overseas dominions to havo tho riglit of uomlnatoln. It is ostluialod Hint It will cost £200,000 to stamp out tho typhus In Poland. In Poland alono tho Loague's nppoal (or subscriptions only reached £220,000, of which Ger many contributed ono million papor marks. Doctor MadBcn, tho Danish inomtior o( tho International Mission, wo distressing accounts o( affairs In Poland. llo said that ha found in cvory houso and soma villages Infect ctl with six nnd sovon cnscs. Tho difficulty of combating tho opldomic, says tho doctor, was tho lack of Iso lation hospitals for both typhus ami cholera victims. Tho opldomic Is spread ovor tho whole of Poland, nnd cholora victims dlod within twelve hours. Tho oloan parts of Europe woro gmtly menaced, tnoreforo tha outbreak wjas of International Im portance. Mr. Allen, addressing tho CommlB slou, said that ha had communicated tho detiUla to his Government in tho hopo that tho peoplo of Now Zealand, with tlio aoverniuent's nsBlstauco, would rendor holp. Two years uuo ,M. Polncalro and M. Plchon, on bo half of tho allies, Induced tlio King of Montenegro to remain in Paris, ns« .luring him that bo would wrlto him whon tho enemy had cleat cd out, and Hint tho Powers would respect Mon tenegrin Integrity, Now, however, Montenegro la requesting tho to admit her na a moinber. Tho Moil, tonogrln pooplo rcsont llio Serbian domination, and will submit to tho ateombly a long list of atrocities per« potratod by tho Serbs, Tho Homo Soeretory has prohibited Irish mootinga as arrangod ut Man diostor ©very week ond, and gives as Ids reason that It would conduce to n broach of the pcaco and promoto dis affoctlon. LONDON, Sunday. Owing to Sinn Fein docummita hnv* Iny been seized In Ireland, disclosing plans to dostroy tho public buildings In London and threats against tho lives of Mlnlt ters and pooplo, protect Ivo moasuroH aro hoing hurriedly adopted. "Wurhmcn aro employed night and day In erecting llarrlcades to entrances by otilo Htroots to White* hall, loading to tho Government ci lices, and uppccially Downing strcot, whoro Mr. Lluyd* Georgo and Mr. lion ar Law occupy official ronldoncos. All Parliamentary buildings nro cloBO'fl against visiters. The pollco detained a tfusplciouu character who wa'j loiter* Ing U\ tho o*itor lobby of tho llouso of Commons, on Fr/dny. Tho utmoit Hocrocy is being preserved officially roparding the rovototlons of tho Sinn Foln plot. 11 Is rumored that it was Intended to employ motor cars, con voying tho .'bombers rapidly from placo to plnco. AuHtrallnu discharged soldlor* in l<nmk>n besliKPd Australia Home all day yestordny, .demanding advances on tholr gratuities, micc?'is|vo deputa tions waitlnc on Mr.-Andrew Flnhtfr. Mr. Uogden roprcaontod tho homolosH mid foodloba men, and Mr. Fishor stat ed that tlio wholo matter was outsldo I his Jurisdiction, all powor now being vested In Senator Milieu, 'flio ill* chargooa thcu denmndol Unit Knuat or Mlllon Hliould bo recalled from lie novo. lSveiitually th-j v.irM c:iHt9 re. celved temporary i:.slutanco. Mr. Wltton, formerly on OBtnto agent In Moibourno, ouil lattorly u director of Ibo Australian Y.M.C.A. Iii'tulry bu reau, nt Aldwytch Theatre, Informed tlio Auatrallan I'rosB Agoncy Unit Uu luid dlusuaded hundredB of dlnchnr/cr. from demonstrating In Hydo l'ark and marching to Australia llouao. Many to day aro throatonlng to attend tlio Immigration meetings, no as to discredit, tlio Australian Government. On tlio motion of Uolonrl Olbb, the Commotm lias appointed n committee > to consider tho qtientloti of Hnlnrlch !or members, with travelling mid cthor expenses. lie cnmiilnlncd that It wna ImpoBslblo to Uvo 011 tlio pres ent salary. Darry, tho scullor, lins arrived In England, and reltorntod his dotormln ntlon to rotlrc. Ho sayB Australia will soon challongo England, and tho 1 latter must find n now defender, liar ry pnld an ontliuslastlc trlbuto to tho (rcntinonl lio wna glvon In Austra lia. Ho recolvos a torchlight vol- | como at Twickenham, and ux-KIng Mnnuol will mnko n presentation. Tho Longtto Council lids ihcliloJ to appoint n pormanont comtnlniTnii for tho oxamlnnllon of tho annnil reports of mnmlutorif under Arthio 220 61 tho Covenant, couainlIu« of live »ep« rcHoututlvo-. n! mjumandntory powtiB. I.cnl Coiil. inlJii ssJii{? llm Urltluh* AtiKrlfin journalists, Bald ll:o Asuoiii* bly thus i.ir had heun oxtraorillnurily succu.sshi>. H i.uil a uwiiilno hnllof.In Ita own Mikity, which was ox<oulin£ ly cncotiruKiui:. A rovlow of tlie present lnt<'iii;itli>ual filtnotion was, perhaps, ono the inotf Important or Ha fundi.!!!;, Tho Ahcm')1/ nhould not bo toufimM to losUlttUvj work: like n I'.trKitixu-1>t, but eliould Indnlgo III Ul^cub^loii and rrltie'am. wlilcli wore as huimiMni as lo'j'.Uatlvo dii« tics, liefcirisi•• to tlie Armenian altun Hon, ho paid i'.<:re was Kood rcnuon (w bollevo that, if ;i 1!0 million dollnra loan ww fwUinmitng, It would buC* fko to haw Anii'-nla from tho Kom* all&ts; until tlin Armenians could stand nlonc. Mo belMvd America vrna tho boat initial to undcrtiiko mcllntlon. Qnoallomd by tho Australian Proas Apenoy n« to whether itie Anpomhly , coutd rojdy tho Clvrumn pmtoat without referring llio nnb|»'irt to tho I allied associ.tiod rower*, Lord Cocll |rnld lio would ijko to see tho aclinic nvho would dan- to stand up and nrguo I tbat tho Assembly would hove (o aub« I mit tho nmttir to tho Allloa. l*or<1 jCocfl. ho\vi'Y»'i, wuh nnuhlo la any hvhotluT thu A-iHiM»l>ly would reply to I tho protut. 