FIFÏY YEARS AGO. '.(.Compiled from the "Courier" files loi the week, ended April 30. 1870.) BKLICS OF MASSACBBD CREW. A few years ago a Danish sailor named V-geslc, while employed at Newcastle, saved several lives during , a storm at that port, ami in recognition of his bravery was . presented with a gold watch, worth 30 guineas, and awarded a medal by the British Boyal Humane Society,. ' VgcsU subsequently was one of the crew of the schooner Marlon Henny, which-sailed from Sydney for the .South Sea Islands. All the members of the crew ut the schooner were mur- dered by the natives of Roublana, one of the Solomon Islands. Captain Mac /arland, of the ketch Rose and Thistle, was trading in sholl at Iloublana recent- ly, when one of the native chiefs sent bim the watch and medal intact, and he brought them to Sydney so that tbey might be handed to Vgesk's relations. THE GYMPIE MAIL. The direct mail from Brisbane arrived at Gympie by coach at 5.30 a.uu on April 16, having left Brisbane at noon on April 13. It is not considered ael visnMe to run. the coaches during the night tiar.e until road parties have repaired some of tho worst places and restored a culvert at the Glass Mountains and the Mooloolah Hridge, both having been washed away by the recent flood. WRECKED NEAR THE TWEED. A small steamer named the Persever- ance, which left Sydney for the purposo of trading between Brisbnne and Tweed Heads, has been wrecked on the beach near Point Danger. The steamer had crossed the Tweed bar for Brisbane with a cargo of log cedar consigned to Barker and Co. She hnj broken up, but it is believed that the engines and boiler can be saved. The vessel was worth £1000, and was insured for about £T00. HUSH TO IMBIL. Gympie reports that Inspector Lloyd and the police have returned there from the lush for gold to Imbil. There are nearly 1000 persons on the ground, and the prospects at the prospectors' claim give general satisfaction. The gold Is coarse and uuggetj, hut not much water worn. Fron. G to 8 dwts. to the tin dish is being washed out. OPENING Oh" PARLIAMENT. The third session of, the fourth Par- liament of Queensland was opened on April 20, by his Excellency the Gover- nor, who, in his speech, said Parliament would bo asked to saaction the exten- sion of the railway from Ipswich to Brisbane in the southern division, and the railway from Westwood to Dawson in the northern division of the colony, and the improvement of harbours and rivers. It was stated that Polynesian immigration had largely declined. Tho increase in this class of labourers with- in the colony had not, so far as could be ascertained, exceeded 14 during the past year. No further legislation for their protection seemed necessary, but in deference to the expressed wishes of the Home Government a Bill would be introduced for further regulating this immigration. Tn the Legislative Coun- cil Mr. J. F. Gnllowny was sworn in as a new member, and the resignations of Messrs. J. Douglas and J. Bramston were announced. In the Legislative As- sembly the member?] in attendance were Messrs. Lilley, Macalister, Stephens, Taylor, Pring, Atkin, Bril, Thorn, Royds, Groom, Ramsay, Miles, Fraser, Eelmonelstone, Palmer, Thompson, O'D-iherty, Hodgson, Murphy, Walsh, Jordan, nnd Forbes. A POLITICAL CRISIS. When the Legislative Assembly met on April 28, Mr. J. p. Bell stated that in consequence of his having been the mover of a resolution which amounted to a vote of want of confldence in the Ministry; be had been sent for by the Governor, but he had been unable up to that time to advise his Excellency as to the course it would bp îrost expceli cnt to take. On the following day Mr. Bell explained in the House that ho hail resigned In the hands of the Governor any authority placed at hie disposal, and his Excellency bad sent for Mr. Palmer. Mr. Palmer asked for time to enable him to form a new Ministry, and the Assembly adjourned till May 3. PASSENGERS FROM LONDON. The ship Planet, 070 tons, which ar- rived from London on April i%, had on board t\\\v following passengers :-Mr. and Mrs. Beaufort, Miss II. Davison, Messrs. II. Thlsllethvvaite. W. Hudson. H. J: Lear, J. H. Strachan, T. Spence ly, and Master F. Davison. There were 100 immigrants in the steerage. LARGE GOLD NUGGET. A report from Gympie states that a nugget weighing 156oz., and estimated to contain 130oz. of gold, has been un- earthed in the Chatsworth prospect claim. The party had for some time been surfacing on the southern end of their ground with but poor results, and were at the time of the find discussing the advisability of abandoning that part of the claim for the purpose of trying another portion. The nugget was dis- covered in stiff clay 2ft. from the sur- face. FLOODS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. I-Icavy floods have occurred in New South Wales. The Yass Inn bridge and the Bathurst bridge have been destroy- ed, and a considerable portion of the southern railway line at Marulan car- ried away, causing a stoppage of trai- ne. Two women and a child, were drowned in the flood at Muswellbrook. The Nepean and Hunter rivers are 'in heavy flood. 