The Great War-and After. DIARY OF THE CABLES. LONDON, November 30. A patrol party consisting of 17 "Black and Tans" was ambushed at Kilmichael, Ireland, by an attacking party of from 70 to 100 Sinn Feiners. The "Black and Tans" made a brave resistance, lut were all shot down. In pursuance of the precautions which are being taken against Sinn Fein in England the House of Commons has been closed to strangers. Several members of the House of Com mons who are i.i sympathy with Sinn Feiji were warned not to attend Parlia ment on a certain day, and it is inferred that the Sinn Feiners had planned an attack on the House, but were foiled by the authorities- Four highly-placed officers of the "Republican" army were captured near Bautry, Ireland, in consequence of their motor car having broken down. American gunmen are reported to have been surreptitiously landed on the coast of North Wales. The committee of the International Red Cross urges that the League of Nations should limit aerial warfare and prohibit various practices with a view to lessening the horrors of war. Senator Millen anticipates that the League of Nations' Conference at Geneva w4)l clone on December 18. The South African Government has re* solved to withdraw the prohibition on the export of flour meal. Rumour is connecting the names of the Prince of Wales f"- 1 Princess Mar garet, niece of the King and Queen of Denmark, whoi with their Danish Majes ties, is to visit the King and Queen in England. Several persona were drowned as the result' of< a huge waterspout having broken over Tangier. A number « " build ings collapsed owing to the resultant flood. Lieut.-Commander Boucher, the United States Assistant Governor at Samoa, '<b to be court-martialled in connection with his charges of maladministration by Governor Terhune, who committed buicide. The British Government proposes to spend £3,500,000 on relief works. Speaking at a reception to the Chief Rabbi (Dr. J. H. tfertx), the Prime Minister (General Smuts) gave a message to Jewry throughout the world. He paid a tribute to the conduct of the Jews in South Africa, and said that they had co-operated with the rest of th e popula tion in a spirit of brotherhood. There was no anti- Semitism in South Africa ; therefore the Jews were a greit factor in the country, and they were going to be a still greater factor. They should bring their resources and talents to the coantry, in which South African Jews 6bould remain, and help to build up, however successful the Zionist movement might be. The Shah of Persia has informed the Government tlmt Parliament must meet immediately to discuss the British note. Ministers, however, state that they have no information to give the Shah regarding the negotiations at Moscow with the Bolsheviks. The Le .der of the Opposition (Sir Thomas Smartt.) has headed tbe Unionist Party in a manifesto which appeals to all members of the party to join the new organisation which has been formed, and to unreservedly support the Prime Minister Smuts*) at the ensuing elections. lit has bwn armomwed that fhe elections wiJt bo held in February, «uid tint fbe new Government will easembl* in March.] LONDON, December 1. President Wilson has accepted the invi tation from the League of Notions to act as mediator between the Turkish National ists and the Armenians. The disarmament of Heligoland has now been completed, and the destruction of the harbour will shortly be commenced. American bankers have instituted a live stock and finance corporation with the object of aiding the live stock industry in the United States. Japanese coolies, it is understood, are to be excluded from the United States. It is now reported that ex-King Con stantine will not return to Athens until the result of the plebiscite has beeu announced. Nearly all the bodies of the 17 "Black and TanH" who were shot by Sinu Feiners in the affray at Kilmichael, Ireland, were found to have been mutilated, apparently by hatchets. The Southampton (England) police apprehended several men who came from New York on the liner Aquitania, on sus picion of being connected with Sinn Fein, and the London police have made a number of raids in the city and suburbs. Rome has been plunged into darkness, and the trams have been stopped, by a strike of electricians. Admiral Sir Lionel Halsey haft been ap pointed Comptroller and Treasurer to the Prince of Wales. The ex-Kaiserin is reported to be in an unconscious condition. The Queensland Agent-General (Mr. J. M. Hunter) announces that the Queens land inscribed stock and debentures, which f.iil due on January 1, will be re deemed in full. LONDON, IWmber 2. The unemployed in London have seizej a number of municipal and other builds ings, including the Town Halls at Tottenham and Edmonton, and riotous B'-enea occurred at Dalaton, where tho poi<ce were compelled to draw thea* truncheons. A tariff is being placed on wheat by the United Stake Government with tho object of arresting the decline in the price ol grain. British miners have materially increased tbe coal output, and if the increase con tinues they will be entitled to an advance of 9/ per -week in their wages in January. The flouae ol' Lords has amended ths Homo Ride BUI by providing for second Chambers in the north and south ol Ireland. Evidence waa given at the military inquiry into the ambushing of the "BlacS and Tans" in Ireland that explosive bullets were used by the Sinn Feincrs. Iho Scotland Yard authorities are sikl to he in possession of a list of the namoa of active Sinn Foiners in England. An electoral poll was tak.n in -..dia for the first time on Tuesday, and an average of only 20 per cent, of the voters exer cised the franchise. The carpenters and joiners at the ClyJe shipyards in Scotland have gone on strike as a protest against a reduction of 12/ per wpek being made in the wages bonus. T lt 13 reported that the League of Nations is considering the possibilitj of sevding an international army Lo Armenia u:.der Major-General Wood with the object of aiding that country. It is understood that the Italian ""ov* eminent is concentrating troops at Trieste and Pola in order to isolate and besiege Fiume. The collapse in values for furs has caus.d tbe well-known brokers, A and W. NtffuVltt, Limited, to call a meet&ng; ol creditors. It la understood tbat their losses are largely due to the action ol American speculators who purchased heavily at high priors and refused to pay when values commenced to decline. The Cabinet has aproved of a Budget for 1321-1922, totalling 1,502,000.000 yen (approximately. £156.200,000), of which 738,000,000 yen T £73.800,000) are for arma ments. The naval Budget is 498.000,000 yen (£49.800,000). of which 144,000,000 yen (£14,400.000) are for new construction. The Government has passed an Order in Council by which individual immigrant* are required to possess 250 dollars (£6O) instead of 50 dollars (£10) aa heretofore as a condition of entrance to the Dominion. This step has been taken fo* the purpose of restricting the immigration of mechanics, artisans, and labourers, and to alleviate the condition of unemploy ment which now prevails. The order will become effective along the international border on December 15, and at the ocean ports on January 1; but it docs not affect tourists, com* mercial travellers, or returning Canadians. Immigrant* with families most posse*, in addition to the cost of transportation, a further sum of 125 dollars ( £25) for every member of the family 18 years of age and and 50 dollars for each child Wiween the ages of 5 and 18 years. A meeting of provision importers re -8olv?d that the increase in freights de manded for cheese from New Zealand to SJd. per lb., plus 10 per cent, was ex orbitant and unwarranted, and decided to £end a deputation to the Australasian Ecfrigevatcd Tonnage Committee to pro test and ask a reduction. At a meeting of shareholders of Wet Carboni?ing, Ltd. (a company formed in 1912 for the purpose of utilising Scottish peat for fuel), it was decided to go into liquidation. Mr. Gerald Balfour (chair man of the company and brothe* of Mr. A. J. Balfour) stated that the liabilities amounted to £372,000 while the immediate assets were practically nil. The company owed the Government £200,000. The directors and their families had. invested £405,000 in the company, the failure of \vhich had been due to the war and the financial stringency. Tn tho South African Assembly on "the rnaetin-? of wool and mohair growers, which has been convened to con sider the serious state of the wool market, the Minister for Industry (Mr. Malan) said that the Government had sent a special commissioner to Berlin to endeavour to arrange a scheme whereby vrooi- would be sent to Germany to the value of £10,000,000, enemy property which is held lv South Africa being used as security. It was also proposel to exchange South African wool for articles manufactured in Germany. Plie In ider of luo South African Labour Party, iv a manifesto, declares that no Parliamentary danger threatens the Con stitution, and that the sudden dissolution of Parliament has been forced on the Government by the Unionists with the object of a combine against Labour. The manifesto adds: "The Labour Party is pledged to uphold the preseut Constitu tion, but refuses to identify British con nection with the Act of Union 'vith the domination of Parliament by the exploiter end the profiteer." The manifesto also appeals to the electors to return the Labour Party with a strength of 80 in etend of 21. Th> American Quakers' Relief Organisa tion is now feeding daily 694,000 German children and jnothers, mainly 1q Berlin, but including many in tbe occupied zones, where also the French army is dis tributing 11,000 rations of soup daily. The ireight market is very llat, and latea are steadily declining. A few odd fixtures have been made for Australian ■wheat on very low tcrnia. It is iv-portei! tluit a steamer has been fixed for Decem ber, loading at 100/, and two sailing vessels in January nt 80/. Steamers for April loading ai-e obtainable at about 110/. "Monte Carlo" Wells, who is now 78 years of age, is again in the limelight in the law courts, after having in duced the public to subscribe £32,000 to a scheme which was warranted to pay one per cent, daily on all investments. Wells put the money into an annuity which brought him in 80,000 franca (approximately £3167) per annum. His creditors demanded this, but Wells threatened to commit suicide, and so end the au.iuity, unless he were allowed to keep enough to live on. The creditors have now agreed to give him '£260 a year, and the court has assented to the arrangement. The newspaper "Truth" states that the directors of Wet Carbonising, Ltd., a company which was formed in 1912 for the purpose of utilising Scottish peat for fuel, propose to wind up the affairs ot (the company. "Truth" asserts that hundreds of thousands sterling have been lost in tbe venture, and that Mr. A. J. Balfour (Lord President of tbe Council) is the largest individual shareholder, Mr. Balfour having invested nearly £60,000. Jkir. Balfour's brother, Mr. Gerald Bal lour, who is chairman of the company. Us also a large shareholder. Ponzi, a man who enticed thousands of persons to invest millions of dollars in a Ket-rich-quick scheme, has tveen sen tenced to five years' Imprisonment. He p eadl d guilty to a charge of having used the ma'.ls for the purpose of defrauding people. General Seracnoff has arrived at Vladi vostook under Japanese escort, and has bearded a Japanese transport. The death of the Earl of Beesborougii hM occurred suddenly at a Birmingham liotel, he baring collapsed while making a speech at a public dinner. LONDON, December 8. The British Government is said to have now stopped the activities of the Irish "Republican Government" and atniy. Six Irishmen have been arrested at Glasgow and charged with treasonable conspiracy. Archbishop Mannix has been prohibited from speaking at a meetink to be held to day at 800 tie, a suburb of Liverpool. The British. French, and Italian Governments have sent a message to Greece stating that the restoration of ex- K-iug Constantine would create a new and unfavourable situation between Greece and the Allies. D'Annunzio has scuttled n.i Italian cruiser in the fairway at Fiume, and de clares that a state of war exists betweeu his forces and Italy. Professor Fischer, a Danish physician, has discovered a new fluid for the treat ment of wounds. It is thought that it probably will have a beneficial effect on cancer wound* The department which has charge of the wool stocks in Great Britain intends reducing the reserve prices for wool slowly instead of sharply. The daath has occurred suddenly., at a Birmingham (Eivgland) hotel, of the Earl of Bessborough. The collapse in the values of furs has caused A. and W. Neabitt, Ltd., a London firm of brokers, to call a meeting of creditors. The firm's losses are said to be due to the failure of American epecula tors to meet their obligations. The Canadian Government has resolved that each immigrant must possess £E0 in stead of £10, a3 heretofore, before admis sion to the country can be secured, the object being to alleviate unemployment. The American Quakers' Relief Organisa tion is daily feeding 694,000 German children and mothers iv Berlin and the occupied zones. At the Gnildha'l, Baruct Samson charged Louis Segal, Abraham Segal, and He.ry Himmel9chein with having con spired to fraudulently sell him 44,000 sheepskins for leather, knowing that tlif.y were worthless for the purpose. Samson's counsel said that these were the skins which were stored in a warehouse in O'd Swan lane. London, where a bomb explo sion recently occurred and wrtcked the building. The bom'j exploded amongst the skins, but the plaintiff made no accusation regarding the bomb against the defendants. The case has not been con cluded. The Chairman of the Immigration Com mittee of the House of Ko;>resentative3 has submitted a Bill suspending all immi gration for two years. The Washington correspondent of the United Press Association learns from administration quarters that President Wilson, in a message to Congress, may eupigesrt the adoption of the League of Nations as a proper way to relieve the con ditions confronting farmers as a result of falling prices. Doncaster has "p.dopted" St. Leger, a village near Arras, France. British nnd American gunboats are speeding to Ichang, in the province of Hnpeh, w.here mutinous Chinese troops Lave burned and looted part of the city. Under a fusion scheme proposed by the London Bank of Australia and the English and Scottish Bank, Mr. Andrew Wi liamson will become a director of the firmer, and the chairman of both ban^s. The Earl ot Derby, \vi?o until recently filled the post of British Ambassador to France, was accorded a welcome home at Manchester. In responding, he advocated a Franco-British alliance us the best safe guard to the peuce of the world. If there had been an alliance in 1914, he said, the war would not have taken place, as Germany would have knewn that Britain would side with France. Such an alliance woiild now prevent a similar war in the future. "France," he added, "is r little afraid of what attitude Great Britain will take as regards Gorman reparation, but the right principle is that every penny Germany can pay Germany must pay. I would show no mercy to her- What must be decided i3—how much Germany can t>ay an 3at the same time exi3t." LONDON, December 5. The medical officer on the Orient liner Osterley was yesterday fined 300 rupees (£25) at Calcutta for having failed to report a case of typhus which occurred on board when the ship touched at Colombo oa the voyage to Australia. The newspaper "Pioneer" learns from well-informed quarters that Mr. Winston Churchill (Minister for War and Air In the British Cabinet) has been appointed Viceroy of India. The committee of the- London Chamber of Commerce is making investigations into the reports that since th e war there has been an enormous increase in pilter inj at the docks, which has involved an increase of insurance premiums. The lOBSEB are not due to petty individual thefts, but to well-organised gangs of thieves and receivers. One shipping com pany Is paying £250,000 annually for claiir.B. The committee has asked the Home Secretary to provide a special de tec'.lve force, tbe members of which have bcten trained In the habits and methods of river thieves. Newspapers point out with reference to Greece that if the recent warning id ignored the financial reprisals in the absence of adequate guarantees will be serious. According to the loan arrange ment of 1018, France and Britain each undertook to advance £10,000,000. Britain advanced £6,000,000, but France has ad vanced nothing hitherto, and the plebis cite regarding ex-King Constantine's re turn may imperil the granting of the out standing balance of £4,000,000. Figures which have been issued by the Ministry of Transport show that the Government's railway surplus of £228,489 in September became, in October, a net Government liability of £4,836,000 owing to the fall in receipts as the result of the miners' strike. :.— -i Elizabeth Ir/ing, the 16-year-old daughter of Mr. H. B. Irving, the actor manager, made a successful debut at the Court Theatre as "Titania" in "A Mid summer Night's Dream." The Minister for War and Air (Mr. Winston Churchill) intends to write h'iu memoirs in the uear future, and in ad dition to dealing with the war he will deal with the principal everts which led up tr, it. The "Echo de Paris" states that a con ference will be held in London in a few days to fix new conditions for the ex port of coal. The chief discussion will concern the maximum prices to be charged. The rectors of Fiume, as representa tives of the city, have called a meeting and have resigned. A majority of the people are against Signor D'Annunzio, and uphold tbe term* of the latest treaty. Lady De Ramsey (nee Miss Rpeneer- Churchill) has died as the result of a heart attack which came on while she was reading to her blind husband. iThe late Lady RoeamrnJ Jane l r r*no? Spencer Churchill was a d.iujhter of the 7th Duke of Mariboroufh.l Tbe announcement by the Government that the butter ration is to be increased to 2oz. has caused a sharp decline ia the price of Irish butters. The creameries' prices hava dropped from 50*/ to 45/, and a further fall is probable. France has assented to 100,000 of Gen.ral Wrangel's refugees at Constantinople go ing to Tunis, l. ay as permanent colonisui. TK local option voting at Edinburgh has resulted in complete vie. :*y, all the i ...d having declared iv favour of ao c" .nge. Tbe American section of the Lancashire cotton trade, comprising three-fourths of the industry, baa decided to reduce the hours of labour by one half. Air. Artmir Henderson, M.P., tha leader of the British Labour Mission to Ireland, ia believed to be returning with proposals from Sinn Fein for a truce with the Government. Sinn Fein proclamations have been seized which threaten with instant death any one who assists the Irish Constabu lary or obstructs soldiers of the Re public. I) ssension is making itself felt at the Assembly of the League of Nations, tho Argentine delegnte having been instructed by his Government to withdraw xinless certain alterations governing the admission of States are made in the Leaguo covenant. The League of Nations has invited tho United States to participate in the dis armament deliberations, and asks that a representative shall sit in a consultative capacity en the Permanent Military, Naval, and Air Commission. Japan continues to refuse to surrender the former Gorman cables which were seized in tlie Pacific during the war. Japm is reported to be maintaining a large military camp on the lower end of Formosa, tbe ostensible reason being that the native* may be controlled- Consternation has been caused in Greece by tlw Allied note relating to ex-King Con3 fantine*B return and other matters. Several vessels have been wrecked off the British coast by a severe gale. Five members of the crew of the Rhoscolyp (Wales') lifeboat, and four of the crew of a vessel, have been drowned. Germany has agreed to hand over a large quantity of live stock to the Allies within a period of six months. The Hungarian Government haa abolished the laws of succession to tho Throne, thus preventing the restoration of the Hapsburgs. The rumour that the Prince of Wales is engaged to Princess Margaret of Denmark is denied on the hifirhetf authority. " The Allahabad newspaper "Pioneer" learns that Mr. Winston Churchill ha« been appointed Viceroy of India. The steamer Bania Castillo, which ia the last family transport to leave Eng land under A.I.F. auspices, has sailed for Australia, via Panama. The sum of £400 has been expended in compassionate allowances to between 40 and 50 returning absentees. LONDON, December 6. Japan has resolved to maintain her stand against the United States' demand for control of former German cables in the Pacific, but is willing to. arrange for joint control of the cables. The plebiscite taken in Greece has re sulted in favour of the recall of ex-King Constantine. The Prime Minister of Greece denied that the Cabinet intends to resign in con' sequence of the receipt of the Allied note. The 6 per cent, loan in France has resulted in approximately £316,500,000 in new money being raised. The Japanese Navy Department is in creasii-JC its seaplane corps from two to 15, ana the corps Will now comprise 28& planes and a mother ship on the British model, which is now in course of con struction. 