BIBLE READING IN STATE SCHOOLS. . ADDRESS BY BISHOP PHELAN. , The Scripture League in Victoria is jnakiircg Scripture lesson® in' State jschools an issue on the coming Vic torian elections. Addressing the Ca tholic Federation at Bendigo on the subject, the Bishop of Sale (Dr. JPhelan) said:—"Before the Bishop of .this diocese left for Europe, he and I agreed upon a policy that should be pursued at the State elections this year. And he asked me to outline that policy for the priests and people of Sandhurst, as I am bound to do for those at Sale. I am here to-night, then, speaking with the authority of your own Bishop on a matlter of vital importance to the Catholic Church in ^Victoria. Dr. McCarthy and myself decided that we would neither support nor oppose any political party, as a .party, but that we would concentrate bur effort® on one question, namely, ,we will throw the whole weight of our opposition against any and every mem ber who would favour the Introduction of the Bible into the secular schools of the State, or a referendum on that subject, which we regard as a mlatter of conscience. That is a simple issue on which the Catholics of Victoria should have no difficulty in speaking .with one voice. We Catholics differ in polities; we belong to every shade of political opinion; hut when it comes bo a matter of conscience we are solid a® a rock. Since women have obtained the right to vote, a right they had not 16 years ago, the Scripture party hope that a referen dum would he carried in their favour. ,Our opposition to this form of reli gious- persecution is not confined to ourselves. On previous occasions we had the support of a large body of fair-minded nan-Catholics, and - we hatd the entire support of the secular press. A referendum which touches conscience is an iniquity. In addi tion, If the proposed referendum were, carried; it would inflict upon us a glar ing injustice by making us pay our share for the -v* tism In the earner schools of the Btate. Our third r«b'e«*lfw» to this pro ©osal is still more serious, because it iconicerins the faith of soime 15,000 Catholic children, who, of necessity, have to receive thedr education int$ie iS'tate schools. Owing to the scattered (Population in the country distrlpt& it is utterly impossible for ue to pro vide Catholic education for every .Catholic child. And in my own. dio cese considerably more than half the Catholic children have no choice hut .to attend the State schools. But so long as such numbers of our children have to attend the State schools we must keep those schools free from .anti-Catholic sectarianism. But, it is said, are not the proposed Scripturdv lessons of a harmless, character, and .will not a conscience clause protect . ,the faith of the Catholic children? .Suich a promise is only a delusion, a mockery, and a snare. As one who has followed this movement for over - 20 years, and collected some informa tion on the subject, I claim to speak .with some authority. Two Danish engineers have dis covered that by passing an electric current through certain substances, for instance a lithographic stone, an adherent force, somewhat resembling electro-magnetism, may be produced. This is capable of wonderful applica tions. For instance, wireless mes sages may be recorded at the rate of 600 words a minute. Words, spoken into violin in one room are repeated "by a second instrument in another room. A few weeks ago, at the. Impe rial Press Conference in Canada, sojne of the "loyalist" representatives fiarik ly stated that the Australasian Press was a personal vehicle, exercised under conditions that put Russian autocracy in the shade. Too true. It is announced that more than 3,pM Chinese, Who entered the Philippines from Borneo in violation of the immi gration laws, will be deported in ac cordance with the decision of the Phi lippines Council of State. Chinese troduced large quantities of opium into Mindanao and afterwards'distributed It throughout the Philippines. The. territorial authorities are much con cerned at the existence of a big opium trade; and they will take drastic megr, ... sures to wipe it out. A "Government Gazette Extraordinary" was issued on 9th inert., dissolving the Queensland Legislative Assembly. Elec tion writs were issued on 10th inst., and the nomination day will be 8ept*ihb»r IB, and polling day October 9. The r®+uru «f the writs is fixed for Novewfoer IS. 