NOTES AND COMMENTS. The dairy produce Inspection branch of the Department of Trade and Customs advises that the following quantity of dairy produce was graded at Brisbane for the week ended August 7 :-r?utter, salt ed, 7363 boxes; unsalted, 35. Cheese, 443 crates. Quantity shipped and railed interstate: Butter, 2025 boxes; cheese, 190 crates. Quantity exported : Butter, 152 cases; cheesp, 66 crates. The period fixed for the receipt of ap plications for the position of manager of State stations will end on Saturday. Already a lar^o number of applications have been received by the Government. The recent weakness in the market tor .feiKiing materials has disappeared for thft thoe being at least. In the Sydney - mai-kct last week-end, there was a steady", inquiry for nil classes of wire at firing t-'iicps. Australian-made black wire was quoted in small lots at from £27/15/ to £31 a Jon, while up to £62 was wante'l for No. 10 American galvanised wiie. Building materials continued to sell freel^' at.full legiil rates.' Paint materials wero dull and unchanged. Australian brands of linseed oil in small lots commanded 11/ aud 11/2 a gallon. Indian makes wero Quoted at 12/, and English at 13/. Red Iw'd wis still available on the basis of f f'B a ton.r-- There was no movement in vhiti 1 lead, which sold freely on the basis of £90 a ton. ■••■■ •"■•.'■:■' ♦ ?,? ' - . ; - ■. The Chief Inspector of Stock (Major A. PL Cory) has been notified that calves are dying in. very large numbers in the Murgon district from some unknown cause. A Government veterinary surgeon was instructed to travel to the Murgon district to investigate the lnitter. A deputation representing the .Felton Settlers' Association waited upon the Minister for Lands on August .11. Mr. P. M. Bayley, M.L.A., who intro duced it, explained the position of the settlers, and urged that steps Bhould be taken to give relief. Messrs. E. Fitz gerald and Gilmore suggested that the settlers interested would be glad to come under the provisions of the Closer Settle ment Act. After a long discussion, the Minister promised to go carefully into the whole matter, and to advise {he depu tation of his decision. Winchcombe, Carson, and Go., Ltd., to day sold privately 60 uales of special Bcoured -super merlao «kia wool to American buyers at 64d. per Ib. They also sold 50 bales at 62d.. and 290 bales at 60d. Inquiries for tree, well : growa wools continue brisk, but lower • quanti ties are difficult to sell. A deputation representing the selectors of the Captain's Mountain district, Mil raerran, waited upon the Minuter for Lajids on August 11, and Mi. P. M. . Bayley,.. M.L.A., who .introduced the de- Eutation, stated that the selectors whose o'dings were infested with prickly pear :'had experienced a very .trying time owing '•to Hbe drought, and were greatly handi ;ca K#ed in their endeavours to destroy the >pear.- The department had recently issued instructions for the eradication, to "'be cdmiileted within a comparatively short time, and it would be impossible for many of them to fulfil the conditions thus imposed. Members of the deputation 6poke in regard to the position. The Minister (Mr. H. Coyne) and the Under Secretary- promised every consideration, and gave an assurance that in nc case would deserving settlers be penalised, and that an extension of time would be allowed, when circumstances warranted. • * Although the wool auction? in Australia fcr the coming • season are not expected t«< start till October private sales are being effected by some of the brokers Sydney advices state1 * that Winchcombe, Carson, and Co. have sold 60 bales of special scoured super merino skin wool to American .buyers at ,64d. per lb. They nlso sold 50 bale3 at 62d. and 200 bales at COd Inquiries for free, well grown w ools continue brisk, but lower quanti ties are difficult to sell. There have been rumours of private sales in Brisbane, but no official or definite information is avail elile on the subject. It in not yet known locally whether there will be a further appraisement of wool shorn before June 30, that did not arrive in time for tuu last appraisements. The Central Wool Committee desires growers whose wools. were shorn prior to June 30, and are eligible to be ap praised, to expedite the transport of such consignments to the seaboard in order to close up the wool pool. The "'Courier" announced recently that there had been hwivy losses of calves in 'the'Murgon district from some tin known cause, and that a veterinary officer of the Department of Agriculture and Stock had been sent there to investigate. He has decided that the deaths were not due to any infectious disease, but that they were probably due.to dietetic causes, on which advice had been given to the owners, The results of experiments'with sulphur as a fertiliser. for wheat at Oowra Ex periment Farm, New South Wales,.have, been negative. Slight increa?C? have been obtainorl in certain cases, but at such a cost as to. make the treatment unpro fitable. Where an application of 561b. super, gave a yield of 18| bushels per acre, and a net,gain of 1 bushel 61b. over an unman'urcd crop, an. application of 561b. sulphur and 561b. super; gave an increase 6f half a bushel only. An ap plication o'f 66R>. - sulphur alone produced a gain of 61b. only above that from an unmanured plot. , " ... , . : -.., '■'■■. '.The Prime Minister of New Zealand said the other. day- that he' would, agaii endeavour to have the . Australian ' em bargo on the importation, of New, Zea land potatoes removed. Ho would sug gest that Ihe Commonwealth should send over one of its own officers to furnish a report. He could not help thinking that influence was being brought to bear to present New Ze land potatoes being im portel into Australia.. Apparently the New South Wales Gov ernment is still determined to carry on as a trader in jute, as it is stated in business circles that at least 6000 bales of corns -.cks have been purchased on its account for season's delivery. The reason for the purchases no doubt is ostensibly to obviate any possible shortage in the coming'season. The re-entry of the Gov ernment Into" the jute traders to be re gretted, however, for, while the inten tions of the New South j?ales authori ties may be of the best, a?i may con cerned possibly with -a view to helping needy farmers who have suffered from, 'the drought, the stigma applying to the past Is (says the "Australasian"') " a^ite sufficient to warrant the * expressions of suspicion which are at present voiced in the city. • • —■■ Meat in Adelaide is still short of public requirements, and the South Australian Premier (Mr. Barwell) stated recently that the Ministry haft given serious con -Btderation to the scarcity of live stock for slaughter. . Following this the Minis ter for Agriculture had a, conference with the Metropolitan Abattoirs Board and master butchers, as a result of which he had -agreed to enter into an agreement, in the terms of the Metropolitan Abat toirs Act, with the board, by which frozen meat now in the depot would be made available v to the public. > Meat will be supplied to butchera at 6Jd. a-pound in. the- carcase • at the depot, 6id. at . Llrhb-aquare, and ■"' 7d. delivered •in the metropolitan area, and it is part of. the agreement between the Minister and the master butchers that this Rn>eat will be retailed, to the public at the shops by the forequartef at not more than Bd.; a pound-, and .by the hindquarter " at not more than 9d. a pound. .. The quantity of beef exported from the Commonwealth during May totalled fr,6ll,&f;<Klh., or lamb 2,'i58,564tb. f and mut ton 11,501,9051b. ■ Shipments -of butter a?Exegated 453,G00tt>., of which 224,056n>. wsb Queensland, produce, and 5441b. South Australian. .. . Inquiries have been received by .the re tlrjng' High Commissioner for New Zea. land from American firms able to ■ handle 2iOOff,ooo carcadefi 61 mutton knd iamb in opposition to l,'the ..American meat jtnist; The firms.are willing to pay. a ;prico higher than that received from the British Government for .New Zealand meat* dur ing the; war. ; ' •' ■' Kew Zealand'■wool-growers who gold to the Imperial Government under the' war time coatracts have coming to them £1,620,000, bdng their h ilf share ot the pro!flt made by the Imperial Government on account- 6l Wool Sold for civilian re quirements (says the "Australasian:*)."' The Ministry ol Munitions has informed the Australian Press Association that it has no information concerning wool ia dealers' hands likely to be sent to G«r« many. The Board of Trade returns show that up to May 31 the total shipments of colonial wool to Germany from Eng land were 30,000 bales. It is no part of the policy ~ of the Government to take special steps in connection with the export of wool to Germany. There are restrictions upon such a trade, which is free to all private operators on ""equal terms. There is no reason, adds the statement, why Government stocks of wool should take anything like four years ■to selL . .By vessels reaching here this week (■ays. Saturday's "A:ustralaeian") three parties of British ,e%service men, num bering 50 altogether, are due to arrive in Victoria. They are coming, for the most part, with the intention of engag ing in land settlement, but will he de sirous of gaining experience in Victorian farming methods and conditions, and they w'll therefore be available for. en gagement on farms where good .experi ence will be obtainable. The cavajority are single men, or men coming in ad vance of their families, but others are bringing wives or families with them. The Immigration Bureau is receiving ap plication's., from prospective employers, and will be glad'to hear from farmers desirous of engaging labour/ The men are stated to be of good stamp; some w:tb experience in firm work, and others inexperienced, but they arc all very de sirous of getting into the country witn the least'possible delay. - There is something very peculiar m t present meat situation .(says a Mel bourne advice); Good meat in the South ern States is ecarco. and consequently denr: Nevertheless m offer made to re tailers of refrigerated mutton from the Government cool etores they are appar ently afraid to-'accept; It is untrue to say that: consumers object to such mut* ton. Most of them would, and probably do, eat it without knowing. It has been anticipated that when the season changed1 and grass was available "graziers would be buyers, ana not sellers. The Southern pastoralist in "general therefore will bene fit little by the hls;h prices of merit, bo cause he does not want to sell. On the other hand, in. Queensland there is a great meat glut (principally beef) owing to lack of shipping for Europe and of refrigerated .space in the State. A mes sa?e from Townsville -states- that 10CO tons of meat, chilled or refrigerated, could be placed free on board at under sd. per lb. ft seems strange that pri vate or co-operative enterprise cannot succeed in taking' the meat from the glutted areas to the Southern States. New South Wales, wants meat, and is the nearest State to/ Queensland. It is a matter -of securing refrigerated shipping; and the present conditions are likely to" hold long enough to make it worth while scouring the seven seas for tonnage. It can be done bo quickly nowadays. An American firm recently, purchased several shiploads, of New Zealand mutton to supply cheap meat, and secured the ships. The official statisticians of the Govern ments, of .America, Canada, and several of the Dominions are agreed that there is no serious shortage in the world's holdings of live cattle, sheep, and pigs. With the Central Powers, Russia, and Siberia pmitted.-from calculations..it,has been proved by- a series of estimates of stock (says the English ".Live Stock Journal") that at .the- moment there are •341,501,000 heaid of ' cattle in the ' prin cipal countries of the world, as against 320,159,000 in the same countries imme diately before the outbreak of war. The respective sheep figures are■':—l92o, 286, -432,000 head*; 1014, 297,076,000; ; and for pigs, 1320, 111.205,000; ' 1914, 100, G25, -000, It is argued by the statisticians that the European countries not overrun •"''.' " .i' ■■ '■' .. - by war' more than succeeded in theic efforts to conserve and stimulate tn? increase of meat producing' animals, and that while .Central Europe had it? meat resources very seriously lowered, tha energy put into the development of the meat raising trade in Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, and Uruguay has more than Btruck a compensating balanco in the world's figures. It is reported from Calcutta that. the third forecast of *the Indian wheat crop* issued-by the Department ol Statistics on .May 31, places the total area under wheat at • 29,864,000 acres, as against 23,567,0€0 acres, the estimate of the corresponding time last year. vThe tbtal yield is estimated at 10,095,000 tons, as compared with the third forecast of 1919 of 7,403,000, or an increase- of $6 per cent. The present figure shows an in crease of 34 per cent..oh the revised final outturn ol last year. The crop was re p'orted to be generallv in good condition,. It was, however, affected by frost, rust, and hailstorms in places, especially in, Sind, Bombay, and .Ajmer-Mcrwara. Danish farmers, according to news des patches from- Copenhagen, are so - exaa perated over the continuous strikes -which tie up the transportation of their pro ducts to English and American markets, that they are threatening to cut oft the industrial centres from supplies of meat.' grain, and other agricultural products, until the strikes are over. We are in clined to believe (remarks the "Prairie farmer") that there are elements of merit in th e Danish plan, and that it is about time to fight the devil with1 fire. A meatless diet ought to take thV strike fever out of the wildest agitator 