NEWS IN BRIEF. }A hile taking a rabbit from a burrow on \\\ edne^dar, itr. W. J. Gletson, qi Fram iingham, near Terang, was bitten on- the uand-by a snake. After killinir the snake :ie applied treatment sq ' skilfully that he was out of danger when Terang was fin ally . reaensd. As a ti-ain was passing through Erskine -ille rn the way to Sydney at half- past ?; on Friday morning two bullets eraahed through one of the windows, one of fchi bullets nan-owl v miss'uiff a passenger. It -.3 believed that- the firearm was disehar '1 by somebody in a passing train. On Frit lay half a dozen youths on their a-ay borne stopped to play tivo-up undei ;;n electric arc lamp in Mollison St., Beu iizo. The language thev were using at tracted stiention, and Senior Constablp Hcsford and Constable Gillies made ; raid. Two youths were lodged in the lock up. In .retm-n for a loan of £15_.OGO,000 which Hollard has promised her, Germany pro /oses to give Holland preference in the i'Urehase of foodstuffs, and to supply hev viih larger ' quantities of coal. Mr. Nonjian 3Ienzie.s, of MelbouiTie 'm? completed the purchase of the ' free-' ?old of .the Commercial Hotel, at the f«'-r- ipr of King and Castlereagh streets, Syd ?ley. adjoining Usher's Hotel. anJ oppo ?te the 'Daily Telegraph' building. Maud Roberts, a single woman, who at iinici, ii^ui .Autiicuue, uii me west coast, killed 'her iiev.lv born infant lind hei other daii.si;ter on Sunday, ~and then.- cut her own -throat, has died. The plateglass T.-ir.-lo^.rs n: secondhand simps occupied by Julitig Opit' and Ben nett Feinberg,' in Bathnr^t street, £ydney wcre smashed with bricks. From the xrxi dow.- of' Opitrs premises an -automatic re volver ^was taken, while from the other shop four revolvers were stolen. -The crash of breaking glass disturbed residents of the -street, who heard two men run ning towards -Hyda Park While surfing at Bondi on Friday :i man was earned out by tlie undertow. Life-saver Bi'ownand a man named Graw swam oiit, but on account of the current they could not readi him. AnoQier mem ber of tho surf club then went out witli a line, aiid the nian was brought, ashore. After treatment he went home. The great tropical storm which brought splendid rains- has now ceased to affect Queensland. The centre- of a new mon =oonal -depression is between Daly Wat ers and Powell's Creek, and is expected to bring' a. renewal of widespread rains t; the northern and north-western parts o: Queensland if. it should move eastward. The coal board in Adelaide is beeomin' ilarmed at the continuance of the mar Ine- engineer's; strike, and the consequent =eriousness of the coal position. A warn ing was issued that early this week alj the . restrictions which were imposed dur ing the seamen's dispute last year will be reimposed if the dispute is not settled. On. January 21 the home of Mrs. Emily Frances Hall, ut 9 Auburn Grove, Auburn: was broken into, and clothing, table liii tm, and cutlery, to the value of £25 re moved. The burglars had evidently been -iisturded m tneir operations, as a quan tity of valuable jewellery and other ar ticles were overlooked. Entrance had been effected by breaking a pane of the dining room window and tindoing the latch. An accident of an unusuul nature hap pened on Thursday to Mr. Wm. Drum mond, a Mirboo North resident for ovei 30 years. Qwiug to ill-health. Mr. Drum moud on Thursday sold his team of work ing bullocks, and was unyoking them to ?end the tackling away by train, when ;. bullock with the yoke on swung ' round, striking 3tr. - Drummond with such force that he fell. Dr. Webb found that the man -.was suffering from concussion and bniisea. He is in a critical condition. -Prince- -Albert. is' making an appeal for the Air Force memorial funds to commo lu orate the services of the Royal Naval Air Force, the Royal Flyirig Corps, and tbe Australian Flying Corps. It is pro posed first to erect a monument bearing tile names including all the Dominion pi lots; secondly, to establish residential schools for airmen's children; thirdly, to provide school bursaries; and, fourthly, tc assist disabled airmen's dependents. The president of . tfie Sydney Millions 'Club '(Mr. 'Arthur Rickard) has cabled Mr. 'Horatio Bottoihtey, asking him 'to contradict -the statements published :n 'John Bull' that British brides of re turned Australian 'soldiers were attacked and maltreated on disembarkation. The utterance is described as a malicious fah rication, and a cruel slander, likely to create- t)ad feeling between the Mother land and a loyal- Dominion. Mr Rickard has', also -.lenied the statement that there 'is no work for immigrants in Australia'. Over one million poundV worth of her rings has been landed during the present iishing season at-Great Yarmouth, a not able -record of -prosperity (says a. recent London -report.) Ifhe total catch nas es ceeded 430:000 crans,, arid prices have been, on'. the- average, jnuch.: higher- than the minimum, ot 4o/ per cran- -iiiity-nve tacu .^uid barrels of ? curecl fish have ahready been, .'exported,', including - two cargoes at Dauzigl- Before :'the. war. Germans bought, large ^qriastities'- of herrings' at Yarmouth: M Hull 'recehtlyV.ffiere .was. such'a glot of Sshihat it ,was' sold to. inahure works atTa farthing: C pound-' The. fish- were qujte tdIbTe,Jc:iIt*~oiviQ2 tolthe glut burners could ?not afford' to .' 'send 'it' 'soutli when, large Danish' suppIiejTwere eBeapening the Bill jjigsgate' markes' esjificially ' as other . fish ins porfcg w§'reT similarly atuat«d. At the - M^lhGTunej-City- Court on. Fri day Andreas Neumann, a German, was yroceedTf asarnst' on ' a .cliarse ? of having imposed upon- Leo John. Donnelly, of the Parade Hotels East Melbourne, by, means of a .valu.ele£S'rchfiquel' 'A~ecused admittec the offence.' 'Leo' Johii Donnelly stated that on Jannary 12 Xeumann called at the hotel ana:pfircnased a bottle of whiskey.; iH-.paymeBti-ha-tCTdered a -cheque for £20. As:.evidencs . oi. M&. boss 'fides hVprpduced a-banfe ti2EH£er,slip ??wnick^ndicatedl that he:had:aEraBg«d,ior the transfer of' £1500 from^the :Lbndon Bank, Sydney, to the Bank qi.-Seyr South Walesa - Melbourne. Witnesi caiied the. cheque,- and gave Netr manh ;£19.-10,£ cHange. -When presented tix the. aank theichegaa 'was returned dis honored. * -----'. 