The Great War-and After DIARY OF THE CABLEB. LONDON, November 1. The first ballots of the miners in Britain to decide the strike issue indi- <*> cate that the men will agree to the pro- <*> posed terms of settlement. General Wrangel's forces in South Russia are retreating before the Bolshe viks. Fighting continues for possession of the Isthmus fortifications. The Bolshevik representative in London ha« protested to the Secretary for Fore gu Affairs against British warships in the Black Sea and the Baltic being ordered to sink Soviet submarines without warn* ing. Ten thousand Armenians are reported to have beeu murdered in Asia Miner following the capture of Hajin by the Turk*. Three firemen were killed at Wapping, in London, and five were aeriou?ly in jured, by an explosion of gas which oc curred in a warehouse filled with rubber. One -fifth of the brickyards in Germany, and one-fourth of the textile mills, are idb in consequence of the shortage of coal. Senator Millen, the Australian Minister for Repatriation, has now reached Lon don, and pending his- departure for Geneva will devote his attention to the financial matters which were left un completed by Mr. Watt. The British Cabinet is being requested to extend for a further period the grant <$ free passages to Australia for ex service men. During the week-end six policemen ■were killed in Ireland, and nine were wounded. By way of reprisal a great deal of damage has been done to pro* perty. In connection with the observance of AH Saints' Day delegations of Canadians motored to the war area and decorated all the Canadian graves with flags and flowers, including the graves at Vimy. A cable message states that in con sequence of the favourable weathar con dition the Canadian wheat crop for 1920 is now estimated at 298,301,000 bushels. LONDON, November 2. It is conceded by Democratic newspaper! in New York that the Republican nominee, Senator Harding, will be elected as President of the United States. The early election returns indicate substantial pluralities for him in a number of State*. The Chief Secretary for Ireland denies that the Government has any reprisal policy in Ireland, though he admits that the police and troops have legitimate!/ •acted in self-defence. Among the papers belonging to a Finn arrested in Britain was found a manual containing instructions for officers m "the British Red Army." M. Trotsky predicts that by November 7 the Soviet will rule over the Crimea. Six thousand military and civilian mutineers at Moscow have been arrested, and 300 have been executed. -Tho National Council of the Indepen dent Labour Party is drawing up a new programme favouring "direct action," and making the aim of the party the ending of the present capitalist system. The council declares that the industrial organi sation of society muat bo based on the communal ownership of land and capital, and that a central body and local 'bodies, representing the people ?s con sumers ana producers, must determine the questions of supply and demand. The best means for effecting a peaceful revolu tion, it is added, is for organised labour to take over the industrial machine. A report from Berlin states that the Allies have decided to reduce by one half the number of cattle deliverable by Germ-ray under the Peace Treaty, the original number stipulated being 800,000. Miss Sylvia Pankhuret, the editress of the "Workers' Dreadnought," who was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for seditious publication in connection with that paper, has entered an appeal against her sentence, and has been re leased on bail in the sum of £2000. LONDON, November 3. «The British minora, at the ballot, re turned a majority of S46d against accep tance of th<j terms for settling the strike, but the executive of the men's federation has advised thorn to return to work, tho ptrike kting declared off. Tho High Commiasioner for Australia in London is visiting Paris for the pnr lK?se of signing, on behalf of the Com monwealth, the convention conceding Bessarabia to Roiunania. Compulsory military training for women has beoa .id>pted at Petrograd. Since the arraidtice the British Ad miralty has sold 1231 vessels int £14000,000, and haa scrapped 633 vessel* for n ret-irr of £3.364,000. In conception with tho local option poll at Glaqjow, 24 wards voted for "no change/ 0 for limitation, and & for " no license." The Prime Minister of Belgium hoi tendered tho resignation of the Cabinet. Since Sunday 17 members of the Irkli constabulary have been killed, a BtmUwP number wounded, and at least 70 moil fired at. Although the American Presidential election return* aro not complete the Re> publican plurality continue* to increase. A Brituh cruiser stopped the Finnish Bteamer Ariadne on a voyage from Stockholm" to Helsingfors and removed eight Hireian Bolshevik passengers. A Berlin report states that the AUiefl have consented to reduce by one half thd number of cattle to be delivered by Germany under the terms of the Peaos Treaty. The number originally stipulated was 800,000. Senator Millen. when interviewed In London, Baid that he proposed to provide adequate shipping accommodation foe emigrants to Australia. LONDON, November 4. Mr. W. J. Bryan suggests that as 4 result of the election for the Presidency of the United States President Wilson should resign immediately, allowing thd Vice-President (Mr. Marshall) to assume office. Then Mr. Marshall should ap* point Senator Harding as the Secretary of State, and himself reign* This would enable Senator Harding to carry out his programme at ence instead of waiting till March. Irreconcilable Republican Senators assert that the election ends the fight to have the United States loin the Leagud of Nations, but this view is not shared by Other Republicans.' A partial resumption of work has taken place at the British collieries, but it id unlikely that a general resumption Will take place before next week, The news of the passage of the antl- Japanese legislation fn California was M< ceived quietly throughout Japan. Twenty-two police and 14 soldiers ward murdered in Ireland in October. Russian peasants in 16 provinces are in revolt owing t? the commandeering o£ their grain. They seated a large nttmbeu of Communists and sawed off their leg* and nrms. Moscow is feverishly excited owing to a proclamation urging the people to crush the Soviet rule The British Consul and all the British prisoners at Baku, situated on the Caspian tfea, were released by the Bolsheviks ott October 28, and are being sent to Tiflis. Twenty thousand bales of Australian' wool have been purchased by Austria. Professor Johnston, of Queensland, who is making investigations in the United States and Mexico in regard to the prickly pear, says that he has found enemies of the pest existing in America. Reports from Riga stato tlva't owing to the commandeering of their grain the peasants in 15 provinces are in rebellion, and seizing a large number of Com munists sawed off their legs and arms. The authorities retaliated by destroying villages with gunfire. Moscow k feverishly excited owing to ft proclamation urging the people to crush the Soviet rule. The Russian trade delegation has re* ceived a telegram from Moscow announc* ing that the British Consul and all the British prisoners at Baku, situated on the Caspian Sea. wera released on October 28, and are being sent to Tiflis. Out of 68 German intellectual signa tories to the famous "Kultur" mani festo in October, 1914, defending Germany's war aims and conduct of th« war, 18 are dead. The remainder have been circularised on the subject; 48 pro* fess recantation on various grounds; several pay they lent their names with' out seeing the manifesto, and others de> dare that their eyes have been opened; while 16 refused to recant, and 17 did not raV.y. The French President (M. Millerand) Will walk iv the procession from the Arc de Trioranhe to the Pantheon following the body of an unknown soldier and Garabetta's heart. . . . , The Prime Minister, speaking m. tho House of Commons, said that a Parlia mentary paper would be issued Shortly, containing all document* relating to the IBattle of Jutland, including the reports, despatches, and signals. Th'o "Daily Cluxmicle" states that General Wrangel's retreat is less a defeat than a retirement upon lines in the Crimea, similar to those of Torres Vedras, •which have long been prepared. General IWrangel did not suffer any serious loss in the retreat, and the situation is very different from General Denikin's collapse. [Torres Vedras, in Portugal, is notej for the ijnra of fortification coretmcted by Wellington, in 1810, when engaged in 'he Peninsular wait-1 The steamer Sophie Riclimera, the first German freight steamer to enter 'American wateVs since the declaration of war, has arrived in New York. Mr. George James Coates and Dora Meeson (Mrs- Coates), artists (both of whom were born in Melbourne), will saU for Australia by the steamer Morea. for the purpose of holding exhibitions of. paintings in Melbourne and Sydney. "The Frieheit," in discussing the threat ened coal strike in France, points put that the miners' position may be a diffi culty because the French are receiving German coal. It understands that the German miners would strike in sympathy. The 'Tatris" reveals that ex-King Con gtantine in 1915, in Germany's name, asked Serbia to permit the passage through Serbian territory of German troops going to the Dardanelles to reinforce the Turks against the Allies- The Serbian Ministei at Athens confirms this statement, and •ays that Serbia disdained to reply. Very favourable compensation was offered to Bfrbn' LONDON, November 7. The Prince of Wales, in a speech at a dinner at the Grenadier Guards' Ser geants' Club, stated that during his re cent tour of the Empire he met many "diggers'! who were the best of fellows. They bad expressed great admiration for the Grenadier Guards, who had played a great role in the Empire's history. He was also proud of the Oolouelship of the Welsh Guards, and he asked tho Grenadiers.to welcome a Welsh Guards* man as tti?r younger brother. Senator Millen, the Australian Minister for Repatriation, is making inquiries into the repatriation of discharged soldiers. It is estimated that 4000 absentees who have been discharged will be offered first-ciaw free passages under the Commonwealth immigration scheme, provided that they comply with the usual conditions as to health and character. Viscount Rnntsford, chairman of the London Hospital, which is the biggest institution o! the kind in Britain,, has announced that the hospital will .have to be closed in the new year.. Already there is a deficit of £100,000, and it is impos sible to meet on a voluntary basis the immense increases in the cost of main taining the hospital. State aid is there fore essential. The southern raihvaymen have gone on strike for higher ~wages, and the meat workers have followed suit in sympathy* The city food supply is threatened by the suspension of traffic. M. Cambon intends to retire from tho post of French Ambassador in London early in 1921, on the grounds of age and ill-health. The Australian committee is making ■atisfactcviy progress With the, chartering of steamers ior the carriage of wheat, and is also selling a fair quantity of wheat. The price, however, has not Lccn dis closed. The High Commissioner for Australia (Mr. A. Fisher) and others left this morning for "Amiens in order to be pre •ent at- the unveiling in the Cnthedral there of the tablet in memory of fallen Australian soldiers. General Fabian Ware, the Imperial Graves Commissioner, who is visiting Gal- Jipoh, has cabled the following message to Mr. Fisher:—"You can assure those who are interested in Australia that the graves are being reverently and carefully tended.'' General Ware, in his message, adds that Colonel Hughes will be engaged in supervising the erection of headstones and memorials after the winter. The Orient liner Orsovo, which has arrived ?at Plymouth, reports that Thomas Kelly, a passengerjor Ireland, jumped overboard twice within 12 hours. He was rescued on both occasions, while swimming vigorously, by boats lowered from the vessel. Mr. d'Bhanna, manager of the Cana dian Government mercantile marine, has announced that 77 ships are ready to inaugurate a service between Canada and a foreign country on behalf of the Gov ernment. A message from Kovno states that tht Lithuanians have recaptured Gedroizi, north of Vilna, both sides suffering heavy 1093e5. The Poles have captured Dukschtz, in Northern Lithuania. It is believed that the Poles intend to invade Let ton ia. According to advices received from Kovno General Wrangel is rapidly re treating into the Crimea, with the Bolsheviks in hot pursuit. The Prince of Wales, in a speech in London, appealed that help might be ex tended to his " comrades "—ex-service men who are unemployed. The Imperial delegates to the League of Nations Conference at Geneva have met ia London with the object of arriving at a general understanding on the subject of the Conference agenda. A group of " gingerites" is said to have been formed in the South Wales branch of the Aliners' Federation with a view to cutting down the British coal output and ruining the industry by means of repeated strikes. Mr. W. Brace, M.P., has been appoint ed as Labour adviser to the newly con stituted Department of Mines in Britain. The complete unofficial returns give a plurality of 6,800,000 votes for the Pre sident-elect of America. It is believed that Senator Harding will recommend that a declaration be made ending tho technical state of war between the United States and Germany and Aus tria, and will endeavour to formulate a programme for an association of nations. Women, it is understood, will play a large part in tlte future administration of the United States. Chinese coal is to be used on the Danish railways. Many ironworks in Sweden are to be closed owing to trade depression. Signor Scarabellp, a meniber of the Italian House of Deputies, was killed by a bomb, and a number of persons in jured, as the result of a clash between Nationalists and Socialists at Verona. Unless State aid is forthcoming, the London Hospital, the largest institution of the kind in Britain, will have to be closed in the new year for lack of funds. Tho Government of South Africa ex pects to practically solve the unemploy ment problem by embarkation on im portant public works. For reasons of economy, several German Universities arc to be closed by the Gov \- eminent. Industrial organisations in Germany have amalgamated iv order to launch an attack on the markets of the world, the object being to improve and cheapen the process of manufacture. The deficit on the German State rail ways amounts to 20.000,000 marks. Mr-. Austen Chamberlain has declined to accept, the Viceroyalty of India.. A number of University profea.ors who are members of the ReichuUg have cor dially responded to the overtures 'made by proiesaora and dons at Oxlord Uni versity, in England, tliat the friendly re^ l.itions which were existent before the war should be resumed. LONDON, November 9 The Bishop of Amiens has unveiled at Amiens Cathedral the tablet which has been erected in memory of Australian) soldiers who fell in the war. The French Chamber of Deputies is in favour of burying an unknown Poilu under the Arc "de Tnomphe in Paris. The secretary of the National Union of Kailwaymen in Britain earnestly advises the men to refrain from a strike in aid of the miuers, as such a step would lead to ft disastrous revolution. Owing to a strike of electricians in Berlin the city has been practically de prived of electric light. The train service has also been stopped. An unofficial conference representative of moderate opinion in Dublin is ap proaching slr. Lloyd George with pro* pcsals for the settlement of the Irish trouble. The United States Government is said to have rejected the French proposal^ that America should join in blockading Soviet Eucsia ou the Black Sea coast. I'olnnd. lias refused to juin Roumania's South-eastern entcute becnuse the .Gov ernment doos not trust the Czechs. The Trinidad Government has an nounced that a revision of the Custom tariffs has been made by arrangement with Canada. All fcod stuffa and cattle feed produced in British Dominions will bo admitted duty free, as will also British made machinery and certain classes of cotton goods and glassware. Tho "New York Times" states that Mr. Cocli'ian ha 3 announced that the boxing match between Georges Carpentiier and Jock Dcmpsey will probably bo held in the vicinity of New York oerly next 'summer, in a specially constructed arena, . which \fill be capable of seating 100/XXf persons. The sug^ostmm that the fight should take place m Cuba has been abaa? doned, fts the C*ban promoters have not fulfilled their promises in connection with the matter. \ Sir Erueat Shackleton eaya that he will not carry on any further exploration work in the Antarctic, but that he intends to explore the Arctic regions. 