Parliament of The World ? ?- QUESTION OF MANDATES. i AUSTRALIA'S ASPIRATIONS ATTAINED. (tern. Press Association— Copyright) (London. Wednesday. The Australian Press Asaoodatiw'e special correspondent at Genera cab Ies: 'There is retrioance over the man dates. I understand that the difficulty existing over France's mandates iia* now teen adjusted. Senator Milieu strenuously opposed Japan's insistence for the open door ia regard to the maudsvteSf And is tvrlihw^g $o ^'a un flindtucg damn. This directly oonfliot ed with the promiae given at Paris. In this be bod the support of the British delegation. Senator MiUen graded questioning on amount of the ^Sooess attained. Nevertheless I have the impression tiho,t the situation fa vored Australia's aspirations. Senator Milieu has realised that more is to be gained by negotiation than, by drama tic speeches in the Assembly. Sir James Allen (New ? Zealand) is less reserved.'' Ho expressed the opinion that the mandates would prove quits satisfactory, implying that Japan's ob jections had been overcome. Plrinoe Rapiitsudiji (India) (has writ ten to Senator MiUen and other over sea delegations in a highly appreciated spirit of the good fellowship displayed towards the Indian delegation, and imiriting the oversea members to visit India, when he and other ruling Princes would aooord them a. Ibcarty welcome. OPIUM AND WHITE SLAVE TRAFFIC. The Australian Press Association's special correspondent at Geneva oaibles: The oommittee presented its report on the opium end white sltire traffic and India's chum to representation on the labor organisation as a. .greet indus trial oountry. . Uhe committee (recommended acqui escence to the Netherlands' desire that the League of Nations. assums the du 1 ties hitherto carried out by her under the Opium Convention, end also that signatories to the. convention and son iLroembers of the league dhould be in **j&ted; to appoint assessors on the lea Ague's advisory committee, with a spe cial invitation to America. The oommietee unanimously recom mended the league to undertake obli gations in respect of the white slave traffic, but dediced that the Assembly was not omnipotent to decide India's claim, end that the Council alone m competent to decide «s to whioh ace the grinojpsl industrial powers. The report «n the tpinm and white ?tare traffic jraa adopted. The As «^ly authorised the Secretariat to send the qneetiora^ where all Govern ment* were ?slang what legislative measures were being taken to opmbat the 'traffic. An cnterestiafe feature of (he debate was a speech in B'eK^h by Miss Foro shamn#cr (a Danish delegate), who is tin first woman to address the As sesnMy, m appealing to every Govern ment for legislative suppression of the traffic, whioV she ohanoteiised «a a blot on civilisation. COST OF LEAGUE BUDGET. Mr. G. N. Barnes .(Great Britain) wished * little 1ms prudeooe and a little more pluck, had been imported into the report* He visaed (or ? olearer-out deckntiom -a tin question of raduotion. The Indijn delegate stated their case, but offend no amendment, and the committee's report vat ' adopted S\ unaltered. *\ After * disouMton the report was adopted. * LABOR CONFERENCE. Mr. G. N. Barnes pointed out 4fc*t be had not aooepted the invitation to attend tfas Labor Conference at Wash ington last year. THE COUNCIL. The election of four non-permanent members of tbe Council resulted in the election of Spain (35 votes), Bra til (33), andOhiiA (28). In tie third baJJot GUoa beat Belgium by one vote, but did not secure a majority in the Assembly. A further rote as between Obius. and Belgium resulted in the latter's victory, but Chine secured a major% to the fourUi baHSt over Rou mania and severs! fninor nations. AUSTRALIA SCORES AGAIN. MTTJT.B'.K'p TVHtft ABTT.ABT .V. FIGHT. A DOMINANT~PEH8ONAIitTy. London, Wednesday Brewing. Mr, Pen? Boater, the Federal im migration officer, says that Senator UUlen's remarkaUe figU at the meet ing of the League of Nations in the oanse «f eodnbmy is recognised by all the powers *t Goner*. He practically ?Vff-M-M tbe Finance Commission1! / sittings for a fortnight, and lie was -.insistent that tbe .generally eitravt BaoUdeM of estaWisbment should be remodeUed. Itiougb he was' naturally faced with considerable opposition bom rested interests., he euooeeded in final ly securing sufficient support to ensure that futon* lmfee** (ball be rigownsly eoonbuissd. Senator MWen made a areat figbt igafaet Itta etaeUisfanept of several oew and oortlj Independent osmmiaiions and fee AiimWy adopt ed tit Ti»w by altering tb* bonstitutiot inet^temporary' Wtjiory «*nunlttee.. tiMris- was admitted to the asague. Senator MfUan'alcna deolioed to *ois mme.^,-^ -.-??:?-???/ ?.-?.?-.;?.? Senate JtaUn's eBorfa: yfll tyolt Suffi^wSwS'j§^p oiqoqr. The ?scheme to prevent war wnjl also awe Australia a very bag sum in aantrabntions to the League of Nations. Australia, was dharged at the same rate as Franoe amd Great Britain. Although tbe relief would not be dmmediftte, it will ultimately be attained and mtde retrospective. 