GENERAL CABLTS» LONDON. November 26. The Duke of Westminster, wbo was re- cently divorced by his wife, has been mar- ried in a registry office in Buckingham Palace-road. On the motion of Colonel Uibb the House of Commons has appointed a com- mittee to consider the ea1 ines and tra- velling and 'other expenses of members. Colonel Gibb complained that it waa im- ponible to liv« on the present salary. The Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs, Signor Sforza, ig due to arrive here PARUS. November 20. The top portion of the Calcaire Pyra- mid, which ia on the summit of Mont Blanc, became detached and caused a formidable avalanche. Huge masses of roc? and snow swept down the Brent* Glacier, carrying away the fir forests. It then plunged into the Doire Valley, stopping on f he outskirts of Creedrrponrtoud, an Italian township*. Ko one was injured. COPENHAGEN, NcVmber 26. A message from Berlin states that the ¡ Government contradicts th» report from i New York that the United States is grant- ing Germany $400,000,000 credit for foods and raw materials. , I A conference of Norwegian, Swedish. ! and Danish steamship companies at Got- ! tenburg resolved to resume tho African and Australian services to their full pre- war extent. LONDON, November 27. Messrs. Harland and Wolff, of Belfast, have launched the Peninsular steamer Baradine, which is intended for the Aus- tralian service. The Secretary of State for the Colonies, Lord Milner, has appointed Mr. Alwin Dickinson British Commissioner at Nauru. Mr. Dickinson was formerly a director of the Pacific Phosphate Company. CAPETOWN, November 27. A message from Pretoria slates that. Parliament will bc dissolved st the end of December, the elections will take place in February, and the new Parliament will assemble in March. 'ALLAHABAD. November ti. Mr. Lowell, an American geologic , who has been prospecting in a wild part of British Baluchistan, was murdered on the 24th instant with his Hindu interpreter! by five men. said to be Pathans, in the j Boraland district. The bodies have been recovered and a chase has begun in (he j mountains after thc murderers. ROME, November 27. Thc explosion of a big sbcll dump at| Vergate wrecked five villages and broke windows in Milan, thirty miles distant, i Twenty people we¿e killed and many in jurrrl. ROME. November 28. | The Chamber of Deputies, by 228 votes to ten, approved of thc treaty between Italy and Jugo-SIavia. LONDON*. November 2B. The sum of £250,000 is being ra'sed in order to provide for an extension of the Prince of Wnles Hospital as a personal tribute from the Empire jo the completion by thc Prince of his mission oversea." j The Trime Minister of France,' Mr. ljcygues. placed a wreath on the cenotaph I in Whitehall in memory of the British fallen. He also visited the grave of the unknown warrior in Westminster Abbey. The Victorian Immigration Department J is despatching 112 immigrants by thc steamer Miltiades and sixty by the i steamer Orsova, of whom 13? are ex-1 service men and their dependents. ATHENS, November 29. j It is announced that nil fnture laves will lie promulgated in (he name of Con- stantin«. MADRID. November SS. Thc destruction hy fir" of the new Transaflanlie steamer Alphonso NHL. lt.finn (ons. is attributed lo Syndicalists j One lir.nrlred and fifty workmen have hern fhtniner! on suspicion of *KMII?; eoneerncu in 1 he (liiister. j The bnttlinç ot ralmon. an Tlirek new in.liihlry. Imf- brm l il.rn up by a parly of rn"n, hr-arlM br a ii-ltinirH wiliiirr, ut llnose. Unlit-h Colun>liia. jars similar to tlinj" iu,-.| in prvsTvitic (mit ml) lu i lililli'ivl. ThiF, lias long-, bT-n followed ip private households »llb fi-M iperr-sr, bul lu' not before I bern attertintr,! op a cqmmer.-ul Fcale. 