LEAGUE OF NATIONS. THE GENEVA CONFERENCE. OPIUM AND WHITE SLAVE TRAFFIC. SENATOR MILLEN ON THE BUDGET. GENEVA, Wednesday.—At the meet ing of the Assembly of the League of Nations the committee presented a re I port on the opium and white slave traffic and India's claim to representa tion on the Labor organisation as a great industrial country. The committee recommended acquies cence in the Netherlands' desire that i the League should assume the duties hitherto carried out by her under the Opium Convention, and also that the signatories to the convention and a inumber of members of the League I should be invited to appoint assessors : t-i tho Lengno's advisory , committee, | with a special invitation to America. . Tlic committee unanimously recommend ed that tho League undertake obliga tions with respect to the whito slave traffic, but decided that tbc Assembly | was not competent to decide India's claim. The Council alone was compe tent'to decide as to whieh wore the principal industrial powers. The opium and white slave traffic recommendations wore adopted and the Assembly authorised the secretariat to send a qnostioiiairc to all Govern ments asking what legislative measures should be taken to combat the traffic. An interesting feature of tho debate was the speech, in English by Miss Fcrchammer, the Danish delegate, tho •■first woman to address the Assembly, appealing to every Government to leg islate for the suppression of the traffic, which is a blot on civilisation. LONDON, Wednesday.—Mr. Percy Hunter, the Federal Immigration Officer, wbb has just landed here, says that Senator Millen's remarkable fight at the League of Nations in the cause of economy was recognised by all the Powers represented at Geneva. He was dominating the sittings of _ the.( financial commission for a fortnight. ■ Although naturally faced with a eon siderablo amount of opposition from vested interests he succeeded in finally securing sufficient' support to ensure that future budgets shall be rigorously economised. Ho made a, great fight against the establishment of several now and costly independent commi.s • sions, and the . Assembly adopted his views by altering the constitution of these bodies from permanent to mere ly temporary advisory committees. His efforts will Tesult in: the saving ^ of hundreds of thousands yearly, without impairing the efficiency of the scheme to prevent war, and also save Austra lia a very big sum in contributions to the League. Australia was charged the same rate as France and Britain. Al ; though ' the .relief will not be imme diate it will ultimately be attained and r.iado retrospective. Austria has been admitted to the Lea gue of' Nations, Senator Millea (Aus tralia) alone declining to vote . on cither side.' . „ BUENOS AYB.ES, Wednesday.—The Foreign Office declares that the Argen tine Government will not give notification' of ' withdrawal from the | League of Nations, because she does not consider that Argentine had ever been a member, of the league. It is pointed but that the series of diplomatic docu ments recently published show ^ that Argentine accepted the forma tion of a delegation for, the conditional on the question of the rati fication of the Treaty. Argent,nespar ticipation would have been submitted to Congress had the League been formed jn a manner acceptable to Argentine The withdrawal of her delegates , ends the matter so far as the present League is concerned. . GENEVA, Thursday.—On tlie general dobSte on tho report on the admission of new States, Mr.. Bliiiikcnburg said that South Africa would welcome the early admission of all States, including Germany. ...... ' M. Motta, speaking on the adnussu ' of* Austria, strongly appealed for the 'early admission of Germany, Bnssia and America. The League must bo universal, otherwise it would contain (the germs of slow, but sure, disiiitegra | tiou. _ . , • 1 mT~Viviani vigorously replied that I the League was tho guardian of right I against force. He regretted Americas ideals of a great democracy she might gain admission. With regard to Ger many, it was her duty to show she was fit to come in. She must have- a freo Government able to give guarantees that Hhb would discharge her financial obligations; Germany would (inter tho League when she had given air effective guarantee. Tho League's, covenant was meant to give effect to the peace treaty. Two years had passed, and Germany had not yet given effective guarantees, "We did; not provoke war," bo added. "If there wns any thing to reproach us for it was that wo did not foresee''the war. If the free nations had1' iiot aiood together for world freedom 'this' League, would not be sitting-in Geneva to-day." Lord Robert Cecil moved the ad mission of Austria, which was carried. >Mr,: Kavanagh stated in tho N.S, Wales Legislative Council that £2,702, .18? had bc(/ri: expended by the \ Now Smith Wnlefir'Government on purchasing wheat for T/ocnl supply in tho State.' 