LEAGUE OF NATIONS AUSTRIA ADMITTED. Germany's Failure to Give Guarantees. OPIUM AND -THE' WHITE SLAVE TRAFFIC. IFROSt THB SPEOIAii IlEPttBSIilNTATIVlIl OF TUB AUHTItAUAN PRESS ASSOOIA'nON.J , GENEVA, 15th December. Tlio .League of Nations Assembly de cided to-day to admit Austria to member ship. Tbe motion for the adinissioia of Austria wob moved by Lord Robert Ccoil, and was carried after nn irttorasting discussion. Sonator Millen did not voto on the ques- tion. He alone declined to vote cither way. . Tliere was a general debate on the report on the admission of new States. Air. Blankenburg said South Africa, would welcome tho early admission of all States, including Germany. M. Motta, speaking on the admission of Austria, strongly appealed for the early admission , of Germany, Russia arid America. The League mint he universal, otherwise it would contain tho germ of slow but sure disintegration. ' M. Viviani vigorously replied' that thy. League was tiie guardian of tight against force: He regretted America's abstention. Al lien Russia came down to the ideas of a great democracy she might gain admission. In respect to Germany, it was her duty to show that she was At to eomo in. Ger many must have a free Government able to give guarantees that she would dis charge her financial obligations. Germany would enter the League when she had given effective guarantees. Thu League covenant was meant to give effect to the l'caco Treaty-. Two years had passed, and Germany had not yet given effective gua rantees. The Allies did not provoke the war.- If there was anything to reproadh tlio Allies for it was that tlioyt had not foreseen it. If the free nations1 had not stood together for the world's freedom this League would not he sitting at Geneva. A. committee has presented a report on the opium and white slave traffic, and India's .claim to representation On the Labor, organisation aa a great industrial country. Tlhe committee recommends acquiescence in the desire of the Nether lands that the League -should assume tlie duties hitherto carriod out 'by her under the ' opium' convention, also that the signatories to the convention and non- mombers of the League should be invited to appoint assessors on (Ihe League's ad visory committee, with a special invitation to America. Tho committee unanimously recommended the League to undertake obligations in respect of the white slave traffic,- but resolved that tlie Assembly was not competent to deoide India's claim, the council alone being competent to decide which are the principal industrial powers. The report regarding tho opium and wliito slave traffic was adopted. The As sembly '-authorised Uho secretariat, to send a questionnaire- to all Governments asking what legislative measures had been taken to combat this traffic. -j An interesting feature of the debate was a: speech delivered in English by Miss Forchhammcr, a Danish delegate, who is the first woman to address the Assembljr. She appealed to every Government to legislate for the suppression of the traffic, vvlhich was. a blot on civilisation. The Indian delegates stated their case, but offered no amendment to the commit tee's report, .which was adopted unaltered. The election of non-permanent members of r the Council resulted in the election of Spain (35 votes), Brazil (33) and China (29). In tlie third ballot Ohina beat'Bel-' gium, -by one vote, but did not secure a. majority of members of the Assembly. A further vote as between Chfoa and Bel gium resulted in victory for China, but Ohina secured a majority to the fourth ballot over Roumania and several other minor nations, i - - . Argentina's Withdrawal. BUENOS AIRES, 14th December. , Tlie Foreign Office; declares that , the Argentine Government will - not give -any notification regarding its ' withdrawal from the League of Nations, because it does not consider that Argentina has ever been a; member of the League. -The Foreign Office points out that a seriea of diplomatic docu ments recently . published showed that Argentina accepted: the formation of Uhe League in principle) and sent- delegates to tosist in the organisation ofr the Leaguo, Gut her adhesion to the League was condi tional. The. question of the - ratification of Argentina's participation would have been submitted to congress ' had . the League , been \ formed in . a manner acceptable to Argentina. The withdrawal of the Argen tine delegates: ended ithe matter as far aa tlhe present League was. concerned. SENATOR MILLEN'S WORK. FIGHT AGAINST EXTRAVAGANCE. LONDONt 15th December. Mr. Percy Hunter/ Commonwealth Direc tor of Immigration to London, who was a member/of' Senator Millen's staff at .Geneva, rays that Senator Millen's remark able fight' to the League, of Nations to the cause of economy is recognised by' repre sentatives of all the powers at Geneva, He practically, dominated tlie Finance Com mission's sittings for a fortnight, and was insistent that the generally extravagant ideas -of establishment should be re modelled: Though lie naturally faced con- siderablq,opposition from vested interests, he succeeded finally to securing sufficient support to - ensure that future budgets would be rigorously economised. Senutor Millen made a great, fight against the es tablishment of several new and costly in dependent commissions, arid the Assembly adopted Iris view, altering this constitution of these bodies from permanent to merely temporary advisory committees. . Senator Millen's efforts will result in the saving of hundreds of thousands of pounds yearly without impairing the efficiency of the scheme . to prevent war. He-lias also saved Australia a very big srim in con nection with her contributions to the League. Australia wns charged at the same rato>as France and Great Britain, and al though the relief will not be .immediate; it will when ultimately attained be made retrospective. ARMENIAN MEDIATION, Wilson Appoints Delegate. . .' NEW YORK,: loth December. ' It is' announced from Washington that President.MJjlspn has appointed Mr, Henry Morgenthau,; formerly; American: arabassa- 1 dor to Turkey, as bis personal representa-. tive to mediate in tlie Armeninn problem. " DISPOSITION OF GERMAN CABLE® It is' announced that the. communica tions conference, pending the 'final disposi tion of former German ; cables, has adopted a modus - viveudi under Vlrich tbe cables will be operated for the. financial aooouut of five powera until 15th February next. The- conference will continue its sessions, but if no settlement is arrived « by ; then another modus vivendi will be adopted to March. . .. v Asiatic Immigration. . NEW YORK, 15th December. The Waslrington- coiTesporident . of r the New York "Times," commenting upon a Bpecoh made by Mr. Sheldon,- the Aus tralian Trade Commisaioner, supporting Senator Lodge's suggestion that an ar rangement sliouldbe made- "with tlie Brit ish Dominions bordering on the Pacific to regard to Asiatic immigration) savs:— 'Tins expression of sympathy with Senator Lodge a .suggestion lias made a pleasing impression m the Semite. It would not cause surprise if Mr. Harding found that some of the most ardent opponents of tlie League or any association of nations would look differently upon nn arrangement with tlio Bullish Dominions to protect our com mon intcresls." 