The Mildura Cultivator WEDNESDAY, JULY 14, 1920. There are sundry people who fancy (and even declare in more or less veiled ways) that the real advance of Australia would lie in a breaking of the ties hitherto linking her with the Motherland. Whosoever holds those ideas, without being directly a mem ber of some anti-British League, is an inexperienced and misguided person. The more international' or cosmopoli tan .experience ain unshackled open minded man has, the more he is con vinced that the real advance of Aus tralia would lie- in the mbst stedfast loyalty to the protective Motherland., The ignorant; particularly, revert to the American revolution and seem to fancy a lot of LW.W.- and Sinn Fein propaganda in America as expressive of the views of Americans at large. The real American has a profound re spect for 'Old England" and a great admiration for the United British Em pire. At the present time there are sundry people in Australia who seem to be doing all they can to foment trouble between Australia and Eng land. To them the words "Advance Australia" mean a break-away from "home ties," a severing of relations with the Motherland-"the independ ence of Australia." An Australia "independent" before the "great war" would now be far more dependent than she is, and let no good Australian think otherwise. Once upon a time a Danish-American journalist wrote a splendid book entitled "The Making of an American," and %after reading it an American of British blood, who had lived on both sides of the Atlantic wrote a review of that book. It had taken the Danish immigrant thirty years to fully realise America and be come an American; it had taken his reviewer just the same time to real ise the worth and place of the British Empire' in the scheme of things. In deed, while the Dane was 'being made less and less Dane and more and more American, the other, starting out American in all things but blood, was becoming a more and more pro found admirer of Britain and things British. It it indeed a pity that young Australians cannot get the 'travel and experience that young American of English blood got. The more they would travel and contrast and compare the more would they realise the worth of the British code, the sterling integrity of bed-rock Britain. The -nalicious and semi ignorant talk of. and believe. Britain to be of ulterior motive in all she does; the cosmopolitan and interna tionalist knows het as having less ulterior motive than any other great Power, on earth. He knows her as generous. As a matter of fact, no people on earth have the freedom of the Btitishiborn and it takes 'travel in many countries to realise the fact in all its significance. America is an ob ject-lesson of the British-born "democrat.", He prates of the freedom of America and the American, and very often it is only when he comes against' the "Law" in America'and the "other side" buy the Law he finds out the woi'th:of :Biitish Justice. We do not agree with dll the Prime Minister of the Australian Commonwealth says, but' we do agree with a remark liade by him the other day. ' 'Australia's advancement-her independence-nay, her very existence-depends upon her remaining an. integral part" of the British Empire." We never agreed with anything, said more completely. Couldn't we criticise England-"Bri tish ways?" Yes! An'd for every criticism - of . England and "British' ways' we could put up two criticisms of ways not -British. o We admire Britain and British ways; because we. knowi,, er.and .them.- .IJn this aair, when, disloyalty" 's 'afoqt,we proudly. acclaim ourselves ~odt Iimpierialists in the 'accepted s ,ise, of.the. tern, but for an united British Empire of which Aiustralia shall ever remain integral part. 0', Australians, learn to know "Old England," learn to appreciate the luck and safety in being part of the British Empire; learn to analyse the motives that-unfiderlie all sorts of anti-British propagaiida; and some day.'the man who wonders if loyaltiy is just jingoism mnayhap will exclaim, as fervently as did the young British sailor condemned to be shot: "God bless the dear old flag!" when ,the Union Jack was unfurled over his head, and the British Consul demand ed his freedom. Folks, the British Flag spells Freedom, and the British Flag with the stars in it, we call the Australian Flag, spells "Advance Aus tralia.'." li honest letters.. 