. SUMMARY. Weather forecast— : Cloudy, with some scattered showers in the north-east, elsewhere fine and warm to hot, with northerly winds; squally on the south coast. Lcagne Assembly— Tho League of Nations ha. doclded that at tho prosont session tbero shall bo no amond- raonts of tho Versailles Treaty. Amendment/ proposed aro to b. considered by a committee, and dealt with at the next session. i Considerable Interest attaches to the posi tion taken up by Japan In regard to future action on tbo racial equality quostion. Senator Mlllon and Sir James Alton have ex pressed tho Auatralaolan views on the matter. Senator Allllen doclaros that there will be no opportuno time for Japan to bring up tbe matter, for Australian opinion will not alter. Tho Commission bad a lengthy debate on tha quostion of adopting tho Postal Conference schomo as a basis of contributions. It Is understood that the admission of Bul garia has boen agreed to by tbe Commission dealing with new States President Wilson may, In a message to Con gress, urge tho ' adoption of tho League as a way to relieve farmers In consaauencs ot fall ing prices. Irish Affair-- . A suggestion has been made that a special Irish Peace Conferonco Bhould be bold at Christmas time. Countess- Marklcvlcz is being tried before a. court-martial on a charge of promoting an organisation for tho murder of police and sol diers. , Counsel etatcd that tho prisoner after her arrest declared that sho on one occasion bad murdered British ofilcers and soldiers. Archbishop Mannlz has been prohibited from speaking at a meeting at Bootle, and has tyen forbidden to enter tho Liverpool area. Other Cables— - Tha AIIlos havo Informed Groece that tbe re turn of Constantino to the Greek Throne will bo taken as ratification of his hostile waH time conduct. Though having no deslro to Interfere In Greece's internal affairs, they will reserve the right of liberty to deal with the new situation. Mr. Bonar Law said In the JIouso of Com mons that the Allies had no Intention of using force to prevent the Greeks giving effect to their decision regarding Constantlne's return. Italian warships made a demonstration against d'Annunzlo. D'AnnunzIo scuttled . an Italian cruiser at Plume, provontlng tho departure of tho squad ron. He declares that a state of war exists with Italy, and has ordered a mass mobilisation, In cluding women. A Danish physician claims great things for a new fluid treatment for wounds. It Is hoped Jt will havo a good effect on cancer wounds. Lord Derby advocates a Franco-British Alli ance as tho best safeguard to the peace of the world. Tho right prloclple to adopt as regards Ger man reparation is that every penny that Ger many can pay sho must pay. It was stated In the Houso of Commons that probably a certain amount of tbe wool reserves would bo sold If prices offering weTe accepted moro freely. Tho British committee Inquiring Into alleged activities of trusts in connection with meat has sent in a report It states that there Is no evidence of tem porary or permanent combination affecting either home grown or Imported meat. Foreign Interests should be prevented from acquiring a larger share In the trade, and the Empire's production should be fostered. ' The chairman of tho Amorlcan Representa tives Immigration Committee has submitted a bill -suspending Immigration for two years. Miss Bthelda Blelbtrcy has accepted the In vitation to Join tho American swimmers in tbetr visit to Australia. Graft Allegation— The hearing of evidence in connection with the allegations ot "graft" against certain Min isters was continued yesterday. Mrs. Georgesoh said that among her hus band's papers there was nothing about Mi;. Talbot's payment of £690 to tho Labor Forty. Sho saw Air. Cann to try and get passports, as Air. Georgeson was seriously ill, and needed a sea trip. Further, she told tho Minister that she knew Mr. Talbot had given £509 to tbo Labor Party, but she bad nothing to do with It. In Alarch last Air. Talbot had told them about tho payment of the money. He said it was for' tho Labor Party funds. She did not say to Air. Cann that the pay ment had been made to prevent her husband from being harassed. Mr. Weaver (solicitor for Air. Georgeson) de- nlod that any payment was made out of tho estate in regard to tho £500. He knew all about tho payment, as Talbot Informed him of his proposal. Witness told' Talbot that he was an ass. He also Informed him that it the Labor Party succeeded in tho elections It would be said that ho bribed thom. It was not suggested that If tho money wa3 given tho wheat inquiry would be droppel. General— In the Legislative Assembly, at 4.30 yesterday morning, a measure providing for Increases In membors' salaries was submitted. The bill was subjectod to some criticism, hut evontualty tho flrst _rendtng was carried. The increases will bo retrospective to November 1. Tho second reading debate on the Antl- profltoerlng BUI was continued in the Legis-- latlvo Council last night. "-'Mclsm was offered by Atossrs. Garland an David Storey, and tho debate was adjourned until Tuesday next. At yosterday's sitting of the Federal Par liamentary Commltteo Inquiring Into the wood- on ships contracts, further reference wae mado to dummy fastenings, Tho Qovornor-Gonoral proposes this morning to watch tho cricket march, to sail hie yacht in tho afternoon, and to attend the Stadium fight In the evening. Nominations were received by the A.I»P. yosterday for tho now Lord Mayor, when Ave names wero submitted. Sir Afatthow Nathan, the new Queensland Governor, arrlvod at Brisbane yesterday, and recolved a cordial welcome. Later he was sworn in. The Chief Secretary, referring yesterday to Stato housing, sahl that as soon as the finan cial position Improves the question will be dealt with. Judgo Rolin. In the Necessary Commodities Commission yesterday, reserved Judgment ott tho quostion of retail meat prices. Mr. A. II. S. Luc-.s has been appointed head- mnstor 'of tho Sydney Cnunroar School, and will Start duties at tho beginning of. next year. Air. Griffith denies that in his Interview with Air. Rold, At.L.A., ho mado any reference to the Public Works Committee or to any other appointment. Tho night officer at Carlton railway station. Air. Allon Smith, was omtally assaulted yes terday morning. ' A flrb at Wilcannla early yesterday morning destroyed two cottages, and a widow, who oc cupied one of tbo houses, was burned to death. Tho English cricketers played an AH Aus tralia Elovon at Brlsbaue. Australia batted flrst, and made 156 runs, of which Macartney compiled 96, Armstrong 53. and Tozor 51. When stumps were drawn, England bad mads 24 for no wickets. Hobba was 14 and Russell 10. Alter a poor start. Now South Wales made a good recovery In tho cricket match against South Australia yesterday. " At tho ndjournmont. three wickets were down for 224 runs. J. M. Taylor mado 96, Dr. Bogle Is 94, and TIT Bardsloy 20, both not out. The recent advance tn tho basic wage has boon quickly passed oft by tho Railway Com missioners to tho producer. An lncrcaso of one-sixth all round has bee)> Imposed' on all live- stock traffic. Senator Lynch has sent a long cable to Car dinal Loguo, of Armagh, regarding Australia s attitude towards Ireland. Australians will not, he says, support the de mand for separation. The senator puts In a plea for "sweet reason- nblonBS" in dealing with the eltuatlen. Tho crew of tho A.U.S.N. Bteamer Wyreema was paid off yesterday, as no settlement had boen nrrlved nt In tho dlsputo. Tho Canberra has also been affeetee, and unless tho demand of tho engineers for the maintenance of discipline Is granted sho will, not got awny to-day. H.AI.A.S. Sydney loft Hobart at 9 a.m. yester day for Sydnoy. Sho Is due here on Monday morning. j The Orient R.AI.S. Orvteto, from London, JUfo jived at Fremantle yesterday. J ' " i 