,Mr William Dawes. Our London correspondent in a message 4m Thursday announced the death of Mr William Dawes (Chairman of the London Board of the New Zealand Shipping Com pany). He was also Director of the Com mercial Union Assurance Company, Limited. Mr.- Dawes left two sons and one daughter. Mr. D. M. McFariane. The late David Mnir McFariane, who died at Malvern recently, was born at Adelaide in 1&J7.; He was the eldest son of the late Mr. Coiin Dawson McFariane, who came Jo New. South. Wales, in 1838. After spending a few yeara farming he was apprenticed to mercantile life with the late .Hon Alfred Cait, and at the end of seven years went to Angaston and started a store of- his own. For,many yeara he was Chair man of the District Council of Port Lincoln and became a J.P. in 1891/ In the succeed ing years he opened stores at Ellis ton, Co well, and Turn by, Mr. McFariane was Director of the New Era Fruit Association on the River Murray, and on tbe commit tee of -the Home for Incurables. His widow is a daughter of the late Air. Samuel £mdth. of Yalumba. 'Sgr. William Lewis. Air. William. Lewis, T$f Narraeoorte, died 1R. July 19 at the age of 82 years. He -Wga connected with, the- permanent way branch of the railway, service for about 53 yeans, most of the time as district fore man, and was a valued and a popular ser ■ vatrc. He ' retired about nine years ago. Deceased waa born in Kent (Eng land), and came to Australia with has parents at the age of 13, landing at Port Adelaide. He joined the railway seiv;.:e at the age of 18, and was engaged on the relaying oi the Port Adelaide, Bnrra, Dander, Kingston and Narraeoorte, and ' Beachport and Mount Gambier lines. Mr. Lewis went to the south-east in, 1873, and had been district foreman on aft the lines at different periods. His wife predeceased him about 10 years ago. He has left a daughter and two sons, all ot whom are 'married, and eight grandchildren. Sirs. A. Jamieson. , The President of -the Baptist Union (Sir. A. Jamieson, of Peterborough) lias lost his wife, who died last week at Parkwynd Hospital, after a severe illness. She supported her husband in hie public work,- especially while he was Mayor of Peteriborougli and since his appointment as President of the Bap list Union. The deceased was a daughter •f the late Mr. Benjamin Bo we ring" (of <Girmeracha and afterwards of Glen Osmond) and a sister of Mr. Jesse W. Bowering (Peterborough), the Bev. Sam pel Bowering (Orroroo), and Mr. F. Wlieatloy Bowering (North Adelaide and Grange). Among the floral tributes sent from Adelaide was a wreath from His Ex cellency the Governor and Lady Wtdgall, expressive of sympathy with Mr. Jamieson in lids'sorrow. Mrs. Jamieson's youngest son, Mr. Gilmour Jamieson, returned a few weeks ago after five years and seven inontlis on active service. Other eons, Messrs. Stuart and Angus Jamieson are in business at Peterborough, and the only daughter is Mrs. Leger (wife of the Rev. E. It. Leger, of Mitcliam). Mrs. Mary Edwards. Mrs. Mary Edwards, who died recently at the residence of her son Charles, at Hawker, was an old and highly respected resident of the northern district. Although 87 years of age, she was able to attend to her household duties until a few weeks before her death. Even on the day of her demise she walked a distance of about half a mile to visit a great-grandchild, and after her re turn she did needlework in the evening. Later at night she passed peacefully away. The deceased was a colonist of 63 years. Her maiden name was Tremelling. She was born in the parish of Crowan, Cornwall, on April 28, 1833, and was married to Mr. Henry Edwards at Redruth in 1856. The young couple left Cornwall that month in the ship Marion for South Australia, and arrived at Port Adelaide in January, 1857. They forthwith proceeded to the Burra. Mr. Edwards obtained work in the mines there, and at the end of about three years proceeded to Kapunda. Nine years later they removed to Saddleworth, where Mr. Edwards engaged in business as a produce dealer. Eventually he selected land in the Hundred of Arkaba in 1878, and carried on farming with varying success for about 13 years, subsequently moving with his family to Hawker, where he became store keeper. In 1907 Mr. Edwards died. Three sons survive—Messrs. John Henry (Lynd hurst), and Charles and Arthur Thomas Edwards (Hawker). There are 14 grand children, and nine great-grandchildren. Mr. J. A. Foulds. The late Mr.. James Angus Foulds, who died recently at Katanning, West ern Australia, was born in Steven sou, Ayrshire> Scotland, in October. 1841, and was therefore in his 70th year. He came to South Australia in the immigrant ship Florentia in June 1849, with his parents, two brothers, and two sisters, all of whom he outlived. Ilia boyhood and young maphood were spent mostly about Hindmarsh, Gawler, and Saddle worth, and later in Burra, Booboo rowie, and Jamestown. In 1879 Mr. Foulds took up land in the Franklin Harbour dis trict, where he carried on farming opera tions for 25 years or so. In 1905 he moved to Katannirig, Western Australia, where he again engaged in farming, and con tinued to do eo up to the time of his death, although, owing to failing health, he had to a large extent been living a retired life on hie farm. Mr. Foulds often engaged in journalistic activities. Since the early seventies, he had been a member of the ■ Jamestown Tent, of Rcchabftes. He was married 'twice, first to Mrs. Ashby. •1873, and in 1875 to Mies l>.- E. James, both of Kooringa. Both wives predeceased him.' He is survived by four sons—Messrs. Benjamin . W. (Geraldton, W.A.), Frederick (Lipson), Arthur and Harold (Katanning, W.A.). and "two daughter*— the Misses A- and M. Foulds (Katanning, W.A.), and three grandchildren. Mrs. Cornwallis-Wcst. The death is announced by our London correspondent of a one-time famous beauty, Mrs. CornwalliS-West. The deceased in 1874 was married to Lord Randolph Henry fipencer-Churchill, and .after his . death an 1900 she wedded Mr. George Frederick Myddeltbn Cornwallis-West, front; whom ebe obtained, a divorce in 1913. Two years ego it. was announced that-ehe had married Mr. Potieods, an Offieialunder the Nigerian Government. Mr Robert Drake. ^ * , ; • 1 'Mr. ' Robert Brake' a well'kiiown resi-; dent of . Brighton, died at his: home on Snndav morning. He was a native of. Norfolk. "England, but came to.fSouth Aus-! tralia at an cariy age. His first yeaw. were epent'afc Norwood. v In ^January, <" 1876, he married Miss Hannah .Tayior. and. then they. went to live at Gnwlef. Aftfr a1 residence of some years there, Air. Drake. and his family removed to Payneham, bat j returned to Gawlcr, where, for nine years, I Mr: Drake was in basinets in the town, i He was well kripwn add highly respected f in Gawler, and was connected with the Baptist Church. ^ Ten years ago he went to "live in retirement at Jetty road, Brigh ton. The deceased was a foundation mem ber of tlie Baptist Church "at Brighton, arid, although he took-little-part in Public affairs, was' widely known and highly es teemed.' He lias left a widow, and,"-a family of two—Mm. Waddy, jnn. (G-le nelg), and Mr. Archie Drake ""(Sydney) . Air. William Kissam Vanderbilt. Our Paris correspondent announces, the ! death, at the French capital on July 22j'j of Mr. William Kissam Vanderbilt, one of the family of American millionaire capi: talists of that name. He was born at Staten Island, U.S.A., on December 12, 1819, was educated in America and Switeer- j land, and was a director of many United States companies, principally 4 railway cor-1 porations. He founded, in conjunction with bis brothers, the Vanderbilt Clinic. He was twice married—first to Miss Alva Smith, of Mobile, Alabama, whom he divorced; and next in England on April 29, 1908, to Mm. L. M. Rutherford, who survives her hueband. Mr. A. 0. Sasclte, M.L.0. The death of Mr. Arthur 0. Sasche, M.L.C.. occiTred at bis home at Toorak, Victoria, on Sunday morning. Mr. Sasche was a Miniver in the Irvine Ministry of 1902-3, mid the Bent Ministry from 1903 until 1908. For the last two or three yeans he was President of the Royal Geo graphical Society of Victoria. PrmceasMargaret. _ . 7 J Princess Margaret, of Cbdnaught, Crown ] Princess of Sweden, who died at Stock- ] holm recently, was known, is the tomboy of the Royal Family. A etory is told'of an incident' Which occurred shortly after her arrival at .a somewhat stiff-and formal court of the late-King Oscar. *■ One -day «ije ran ucriasatbe lawn to her husband, and was gently repipved by one of the ladies-in waiting for her action. "Princesses do not ran in Sweden, yoar Royal Highness," said the lady -primly.. "Don't they, responded Princess Margaret, laughingly, "In England they, stand'on their'heads iffchCy think they will." ~ : : " . Mrs. Lydia Atkinson. Mrs.' Lydia Atkinson, who died at Mount Barker .on July 19, was the wife of Mr. William Atkinson of that town." She was jn-her'mstyjaeventh yeftr^ was,born in Nor. folk. England, andcameto South Australia at the age ,of 12 yeans. . Practically the whole of her mafriedtfe was spent 'at Mount Barker, where'she rieas highly re spected by rich and poor for her kindly and charitable" nature. The family,- besides the widower 'Comprise™two sons—Messrs. Har vey- (Goroke, -Victoria), and Walter Atkin* son (Adelaide).' Mr. M. Erickscn. /Mr. Matthias Erickeen, who has died.at Yorketown at the age of SO years, was one of " .the best-known residents of Southern Yorke's Peninsula;' . He was of Danish descent, and was born near Fiens burg, Schleswig-Hofetein; educated in Flensbutg, and employed there in mercan tile houses. He took an active part wkfh the Danish army, in the war against Prussia and Austria in 1864, and entered afterwards the service of the Coln-Minden and Rheinische Railway Company and was for years employed in the traffic de partment at Giesen and Cologne. He came to South Australia in 1878, and entered the employ of Messrs. C. S. Robert and Co.. EditliburgV After a few years he went into partnership with Mr. Rpbert, and started a branch of the business as general storekeeper at Yorketown, 1883, which lie a lew yeteolater on took over on hie own account for about 20' years. He served for many years as Councillor and Mayor of Yorketown, Irie'election always being without opposition. He received hjn commission as a justice of the peace in 1889, and was a supporter of tall worthy local organisations, and was a. member of the' Rechabite and OddfeUowa* Orders. For a number of years he. was. on the board of the Yorkbtown Hospital. De ceased was a regular worshipper at the Baptist Chtirch. * A few weeks ago 'the Yorketown Corporation presented him with an illuminated address aa an acknowledg ment of his unstinted services in the in terests of the town.. Mr, J. ScholefielJ... 1 Mr. James. Scholcfield, clerk of the Dis trict Council of Gilbert, who died at -Riverton on Friday, July 23, in his eighty fourth year, was one of the oldest district council, clerks'in the State. Re was a foundation member and. P.M. of .the Wooroora Lodge, 6.A.C., and a trustee and member of the Princess Royal branch of the Oddfellows' Lodge. For nearly half a. century he served faithfully in all the offices open to a layman in Ho1- Trinity Church, Riverton. foorn on April 9, 1837, at Bujciiffe .Hail, near Wakefield. Eng land, ha was educated at the Collegiate School of Sheffield, and' was apprenticed to the worsted manufacturing, for which oppoitunity a premium of £200 was paid. The life did not suit him..and he went to sea for four years, trading with China, .New Zealand, and South America. In 1861 he landed in Melbourne by the Red Jac ket, and'put in a few months on tlic Vic torian goldtields. Then he associated him self with pastoral and farming industries in South Australia, under the late Mr. Charles Swindon. In 1864 Mr. Scholeficld returned to England, married, in 1865, Miea Sarah Jane Dent, of Wakefield, returned to South Australia, and took up land at Marrabel. which he worked for 16 years. In 1873 he removed to Riverton as auc tioneer and clerk to the district couno., which latter office lie ably filled to within j a few hours of his demise. He had also ) for 25 years 'been clerk to the Hamilton ! District Council, but retired from that I position several years ago. . The late gentleman wasalso returning omecr »or Wooroora for 12-voars. ana when the dis trict was merged into the larger electorate of. Light he was appointed returning officer for Riverton. At the time of his death ! Mr. Scholeficld was jalso. clerk of the Dis- ' trict Council of Rhynie. He was secretary . and librarian to the Riverton Institute for more than 30 years. The widow survives, ] and of their 14 children the following arc | still living:—Nursing Sister<Bessie Schole field, Mesdames A. B. Kelly (Henley Beach), and J. H, Barnes (Bute), Misses Alice (Riverton), Caroline (Renmark), Agnes (Mount Barker), Messrs. R. B. (manager National Bank, Port Germein). Herbert and William (Ardrossan), and Rev. IV. G. Scholeficld (late Capt.-Chap | lain to the British forces in Salonika). Mr. Joseph Hughes, IJ5.0. The death of Mr. Joseph Hughes, I.S.O., occurred on Tuesday morning at Brisbane. Mr. Hughes, who was 77 years of age, was a well-known and highly respected member of the Queensland public service, having filled the position of Commissioner of Taxes and ot-ber onerous offices during his 45 years in the Civil Service. 