MR. WATT'S MISSION. of CIVIC FAREWELL. I IMPORTANT PROBLEMS OUTLINED The federal Treasurer (Mr. W. A. Watt), who leaves Melbourne this afternoon on an official mission to London, was the guest yesterday at a gathering of business and commercial men, who had been invited by the Lord Mayor (Councillor Aikman, M.L.C.) to bid him au revoir. Although the invitations had been sent out only the evening before a gathering thoroughly representative of the business community assembled, and Mr. Watt was given a reception which indicated that," by commercial men at least, he is held in the highest esteem. In responding to the toast of his health, Mr. Watt reviewed the many important problems with which he was going to England to deal. The toast, which was proposed by the Lord Mayor, was supported by the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) who sum that Mr. Well would have no "spell oil the forthcoming trip. If the Ministry had not considered if absolutely essential that Mr. Watt should go to London at the present juncture it was obvious that, with the political position as it was; it would never have sent one of its best lieutenants out of the field. ... The President of the Senate (Senator (Givens, and the Victorian Minister for Public Works (Mr. Frank Clarke) also supported the toast. " The first essential for Australia, said Mr. Clarke, was immigra- tion. If Mr. Watt could carry that question beyond the platform stage, at which it had always stopped in the past, and set in train an actual immigration policy., his trip would have been justified. Victoria would be the first, of the States to welcome mat policy and take practical advantage of it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W/ith could approach the British authorities with the re i commendation that he represented a country which had not taken advantage of the Empire in her hour of need. (Cheers.) Sir John Oaten and Mr. RJ. Alcock spoke on behalf of the commercial community. They paid glowing tributes to Mr. Wall. Sir John Grice described him as one of the greatest men in the Common- wealth certainly the, greatest orator, and a financier of the greatest ability. Mr. Alt-nek expressed the hope that Mr. Watt would be able to make such arrangements abroad that it would be unnecessary to call upon the people of Australia for another lime in the near future, la would he a great disadvantage to the industrial code terms of Australia, he said, if a further call] were made now all the resources of the country. (Hear, hear.) The toast was honoured with called classing' ' ?? . . _" High Commissioner's Office. Mr. Wall, who was" greeted with died- on rising, mentioned that he had received hundreds of letters from business men regarding his mission,' and there seemed to he general approval of the Ministry's action in sending him abroad. (Hear, hear.) "I do not often speak in any kindly sense of the press," said Mr. Watt. "This is not because I have any feeling of enmity towards the proprietors or towards the men of brains who purvey the news to the public. It is because I have often thought that the work of the press has been, consciously or unconsciously, injurious to the highest interests of Australia. Audi have not hesitated to say so.' I am glad, however, to be able on this occasion to say a word or two of commendation of the press. (Laughter.) With one exception, the great organs of the capital cities have approved this mission. They have recognised the necessity which the Ministry perceived, and they have also been good enough to say that not the worst man has been selected. (Hear, hear.) The one exception was not in this State. This paper said that the High Commissioner should do all this work. Although that is not true, I quite realise that there is throughout Australia in idea that the High Commissioner can do everything for Australia in London. I want to-day plainly Unit the only man in my opinion who can undertake with any hope of complete success, or even qualified success, the settlement of some of the problems which are perplexing the Ministry is a man who has been brought in intimate and daily touch with them at this end. As a cross between a politician and a business mini-(laughter)-1 say plainly that it is impossible, in view of the intricacies of these problems, to instruct anybody in relation to them by cable message or letter. I offer no apology therefore because a Minister is being sent. I regard it as an solutely essential in the highest material interests of "Australia'. (Hear, hear.) "Very lady who has been to London knows Unit the war has dislocated all our machinery there, and that our High Commissioners office is swollen and out of joint. It has to be put in order, and it is going to be. (Cheers.) In saying that I say nothing in derogation of the ability or services of the present High Commissioner. It was an inevitable outcome of the war-, but we want now to put more Australian sentiment into that office, and to put it on a business footing. (Cheers.) Trade Opportunities Abroad. "Australia," continued Mr. Watt, is now, and will henceforth remain, in the blood stream of the world. Formerly we were an isolated little community, living on the rim of the outer rim of civilisation! Now we are drawn into association with all the great international movements, and unless Australia takes the wrong road to her destiny, her responsible thinkers in politics, the press, the financial, and the business world will do well to keep in intimate and daily contact with the distant forces that are deciding their destiny to- day more clearly than ever- before. Among the things that have been put down for me to study while away are new opportunities to do trade in other lands in the northern hemisphere, not only in British communities, but in any other country that is allied to us or friendly, and that offers a market. This will involve the creation in London of trade representation of Australia in an entirely new and larger way. Our advices, conveyed through the lips of [the Prime Minister and every man who has been abroad, are to the effect that we are losing monthly scores of thousands of pounds because, we have not seen this as illicitly as the other dominions. Canada, South Africa, and New Zealand have their shop windows all ablaze in London, Paris, and elsewhere, while' we have nothing worth talking about. We must no longer neglect our opportunities. That is one of the job I am going to do in London." (Uieerf.) Financial Problems. '"Ac prime undertaking of my trip," went un Air. Watt, is of course, finance. This is a matter of life and death to Ans tralia. I do not mean by finance the. problems of money' raised in Australia by means of taxation, and spent here in the upkeep of the public service. I think we have to study the debt problems even more closely than those of taxation and expenditure. The problem created by the money we owe to Britain, whether in bonds or in indefinite overdraft, is one that will affect itself upon your businesses, and those who do business with you, in the near future. My primary object is to say that problem in relation to the Danish Government to whose generosity we owe so much. Mr. Clarke said that Australia had played the game, and not taken advantage of Great Britain's needs. 1 agree with that. It must not be forgotten, however, that Great Britain also played one game by Australia. (Hear, hear.) I believe that the great heart and sentiment "I Australia approved of that method of "Ministries the relations between Australia and the Motherland, rather than hinder TS on the market place while the fate of the Empire hung upon a single hair. liquors.) It was a story of mutual concession, and I hope that spirit will ever continue. (Hear, hear.) Now. however, J. am going to talk to John Hull about the money Aiistialitt owed him, to explain Australia s position, and tell him what we "n do. I am a believer in buying money 'is. the cheapest market other things the war; must night and 1 go to study smut problem in the hope that it may not ftMiCC0!"nis' ?" Ule "Wlr failing to Islay a further- toll on the producing and employ 23 interests, of this country. If the money so he borrowed abroad cheaper than here have the authority of the Government to consider and deal with, it." (Cheers.) AWU. '"P. in' the wool Problem, Mr. Unit said that one of his jobs would he '"Wither up the lost ends of That (angle. iK.'-'tllenient of this problem would mean an unions of Australia. Whether the money sent through the Treasury or into cir ¡?«?auon through the banks it would mean ?",Sat mile the country before many ? mile had gone. Mr. Watt also mentioned t I WT' m I've!"" he would endeavour mm. i "I HOW "life's indemnity was less I" Australia, and when. The posit H,'" "'P us the indemnity wanted KILLS into. Immigration and Mandates. will 'inKi "June »mii'Knitinn, Apr. Watt he had always been an immigr.itinnist. ' miles " J" mc'" ,"' sell. "at'. -whatever J moment, "to offer to the Australian area '"? ,1,,rc'C(l quickly, they could not ?lo.iiq""'rly enough for Australia. We 'are again open our doors to people of "a son bill, and kin, and not only per- in T to will extend to them v . am""?. until well invitation. And down, ""she organise all the forces of m1 '?Wnt-Frderal, State, and munici- , i'««-tli_t.wo would not only invite them, but absorb them when they came, and see that they at once became productive. (Cheers.) Every ounce of work they are privileged to put in here will yield them ten times as fast and as much us the same work under conditions of the older civilisations, and I am authorised to say to the people of the old country, with the full authority of the Federal Government, We want you in scales of thousands for land settlement and definite forms of production.' 1 welcome Mr. Clarke's statement of Victoria's interest in this matter, and if the other States, when they meet in April, will give the same assurance, I am confident that, with the aid of the shipping we hope to organise, a steady stream of immigration will set in towards Australia long before this year ends. (Cheers.) "I want to talk to you about another matter," went on Mr. Watt, as intimately related to the future welfare of this country, as immigration; and that is the man- date due to come to us for the Pacific Islands.. It has not come. Although Federal Ministers do not feel at liberty to talk at great length about this matter at this stage, There are two main international causes apparently delaying the issue of this mandate. One is the unfortunate paralysis that appears to have seized some great sections of the political world of America, and which prevents the immediate adoption of the Peace Treaty. That is one of the causes why the League of Nations is having a delayed and indifferent birth, and why some of the contracts issued under its seal have not yet been fulfilled. Part of my mission to London is-to take delivery of the mandate, because we need it. not merely because of the trade that will spring from the throwing open of these islands, but also to ensure that this stretch of water and land, formerly pcs dressed by our deadliest enemy shall come to us as a rampart and protection. It is our duty to get busy. We do not want to hold these islands under military occur Eation a moment longer than is necessary, as to assisting in developing them and so ensuring that the spirit of the compact is understood and appreciated and ful- filled." Problem!, of the Future. "I hope Australia is not going to get down-hearted in facing her problems. There is abroad, unfortunately, a very strong feeling that the rise in the prices of com- modities, which has not only dislocated commerce, but impinged upon the incomes of the working classes, bids fair to breed revolution. I do not believe it. (Cheers.) A view of that kind can only spring from a, belief that we are worse off than other peoples of the world, As a matter of. fact, notwithstanding the high cost of living, this is still the cheapest country of the world to live in. This is due partly to our geographic and climatic conditions, and also to the fact that the people have become accustomed to the harness put upon their backs under the War Precautions 'Act. There is a general recognition that what we have to sell we, should sell at a fair price. ' There is profiteering, ' of course, but there is a recognition that where those who are exploiting the people can be reached, whether by State or Federal' Parliament, they should be punished. Causes of high prices, here as elsewhere, are world-rooted. The morale and mentality of all peoples have been seriously injured by the war. So long as this dislocation continues, so long will there be shortage, indifferent organisation, and high cost of living. There is, however, an ob- verse side to all this' which is of great benefit to Australia. So long as these high prices continue, it will take fewer bags of wheat and fewer sales of wool to pay our war debt, and if we will only work and produce, and put our goods for sale before the world in the proper way, we will cut our war debt well' nigh in half by the help of that appreciation in prices which is now so much resented. The sooner the business man, the politician the middle class man, and the working class man realise as one family that we have great advantages over other people in the world, the sooner will they face their task of producing cheerfully. If we have unity there is a great future before this country; but if we are torn by internal dissensions our lot will be less happy than it was before the war." (Cheers.) On the motion of the Minister for Home and Territories (Mr. Poynton), the toast of "The Lord Mayor was honoured. 