NATIONALITY BILL SPEECH BY MR. GABB, M.H.R* •"WOEKDfG GLASS OP THE WOULD MUST STAA'D TOGETHEE." Epeafcmg in. the Souse of Hepreeeniaf tives on tile second reading of the Na uonality Bill, lit. Gabb said :— I .have listened attentively and with, in terest to the speeches delivered by the Minister for &azo;» and Territories (Mr. Poynton) and other honorable members, and I "Was scxrry to hear the Minister say that lie did not desiire measure •o be aaneffidsd. Se g&Y;© as ^ reason that it was desirable to have reciprocal lfffifffailon with other par Us of the Kin pire, andsaadthat if we made this Bill dissimilar to the British Act of 1314-18 -it might tend to hinder reciprocity. I un particularly glad to notice that provi lion'has been made so that a persou na turalised in one pant of the Umpire will Je recognised as a British citizen in »ttu* portions of 'the Empire. In this Jespectf the Bill is a decided adivanoe 5n other measures we have previously had "before us. Alt. Poynton—Canada iias already adopted it. Mr. Gabb—'Yes, and doubtless the other dominions mentioned in t,he schedule trill adopt it, so tba£ it1 will eventually become limpiie-wide in. Us scope. Mr- James Page—Has it b&ch; adopted . in .Canada in its entirety ?. Mi. -Ppynton^-YeE: the schedule covers the whole position.* Mr Gabb—It has been pleasing to me • to find' that ait lack there are' some hon orable members on the. other side, in cluding the honorable member for More iah {Mr. Wienholi) and the, honorable member for Wide Bay (Mr. Oocjpr), yrho are coining into" the open. Mr- "Wienfcolt—At lest! jur. u&Ati;—xes, gn last are coming out Into the open&ndare; now siandihy tip for the people in Australia who- have itoeen 430 wrongly treated, 'because I do not want honorable members on this'"side of .the House to hav« the special privilege in./that regard. ,<ta. previous occasions I iave stood in this Cnamber ,and have been treated in a hostile manner by prac tically. every honorable member opposite because I have supported the interests of tiie i-rermati-Australian section an our community. J. believe that before long mece will be other iion.or.able members opposite who will yet be at named of thlir action and the action of the Government uiey aire supporting. ill. "Wieiftiol't—jjoes the "Honorable member recall the first speech I made in . 'Uiis House » ! ■. ' - ■ * Mr. Gabb—"Yes. On that occasion the honorable member did object to the dis franchisement, of certain people; but .al most immediately he turned around and voted for the 33.ugh.es Government, wno disfranchised them, and was the only member of the Country Party on that oc casion Who assisted in keeping the Gov future we -are not merely to have words, but action if action is necessary. I am looking forward to the-'day when not 'political advantage or the rear "of being unpopular will hold sway, but when hon orable . members will stand for British justice. «s Via.g been done in other parts of the Empire. 1 I notice that many of the provisions in this . measure " that -are beneficial are .not the product of the Hughe6. Govern ment.»In the years behind us die British Government, has not been so fanatical 'as (his Government- has been, because I can reoall the oooasion 'when an attempt "wafl made to remove from .the Privy Council two men who possessed German names, and were of German blood. But .> those gentlemen are etiil members. of the &rivy; Council. I am glad the hon orable member for Moreton, by his meu " tioh of St. Paul and his Soman citizen ship, has been the means of fanning-ai breeze into this Chamber that is refresh ing, invigorating, and cleansing, and which is ecessary -to instil in the minds of men a New Testament truth which, caxulot be disregarded. We can still refer to' the old Book for many things,' and .find in it healing for the nations and a balm, for this -world's ills. It is pleas-' ing to us Soman citizenship as it is men tioned in that Book; and when-I think' what Roman. citizenship stood foT, and what naturalisation has meant to some people in Australia, I stand aghast I Jodie over the years that have passed, and realise that in spite of our veneer oi -civilisation we iave much, , to leam.. Srom the old Bomaa. Empire/ The ihore 1 reflect the more I believe that there ^fcre some people in otu midst who will yet realise that their actions in. the past . have been vciy much fit fault. I am glad that an illtiatratlbn of Bom on citi zenship lias been brought before the zheptbexs of this House and ofthis Gov ernment it has been mentioned by the honor ■ jftbfe member for .Dampier (Mr."Gregory) That it is 'necessaiy .for us to watch the powers of revocation^ and ne said that ui in the past the Minister had. no power' over naturalisation'that may have been made under State laws. . In the last iew: yearB we have had revocation, irrespec ' tive of all naturalisation laws, and those who -not only oaine from-, abroad, but those who were born in this country, have been denaturalised. Reference has been, "made to -fee -revocation of the Tights of a person who is bean here and whose: right to -vote was taken away. The right to vote is ^ the .only protection a. man has over his property, and that has been taken away from Australian-born citizens. I agree with the honorable member for Dampier thai we shall have to watch the provisions of this measure very closely.. A provision which- I am glad &as; been.copied from the Imneria' Act. ;is- that which, allows a person threat-, ened with the revocation of his certificate to appear before a court. I. think that is -very necessary. If I read the clause : Might the Governor-General shall—and I hope I understand the meaning of that "shall"—send a notification to the last .place of residence of the person con cerned, and that person shall have the right of having his case beard before a court. I wish that that power had existed in the past in tegard to many things that were done. Mr. Matthews—It would have been wiped- out under the War Precautions Act. Mr. Gabb—The Government might have Sound loopholes by means' of the War Precautions Act, but I hope that statute will soon pass away, and that there will be no more need'for anything of the fcind for many years to come. The Minister stated by interjection last Bight thai' great care wias now being taken.of .foreigners by our party.. Why «hould we not take care of people who came to settle in Australia? One of my names is' Moses, and I make bold to prophesy that the day will come when we shall? thank God for every white man in our widst, irrespective of . the race to. which he belongs. When the, day comes when Australians are challenged as a' white people we shall be grateful for. the presence of even- white man among TK. and will not ask any questions as to • the. country whence his parents came. We have a duly to consider the foreigners who ha.ve come here. In reading ail. ■ American newspaper last night I saw the account of a. lift accident, and the names jof.20 injured persons suggested that they or "their ancestors had gone to America -froni many different European countries. I hop^, that in the Prottd ££ t am of luy English bioad and. of the Briish ra©e4 I,yet believe thai the intermingling a£ the o4£6d &f; other white people v.ifah ous: own is geed fisr UJV aool must help to bu££d Up. a stronger and better station. Another reason why X support the immigration of white people, itTespecdrve of their country of angin^ is that.I believe that the c£aag tcf which T l>^ug should Ibeware' of the dsstniic-~ tiuus in respect of nationality that are madi& by the jingoistic sections of the community. The great need of my class is to Uuiow that the working tiufeeB 6? the world inusa stand together for their own protection, and tore&liee; that the most powerful weapons need agai&st; them in the past hkvt been differences in religion and .o&tiao;&lity;* I cu^j. pre pared to do anything within my power to remove those weapons from the bauds of the class that is opposed .to us. Xi we mate it possible for decent foreigners to become assimilated with, people of our own blood, and if wsp remove distinctions nationality, we shall do much for the"* betterment of the wonking*. classes, and much more than any League of Nations ;;i(£U, «ve* dp to terminate .interrigj'tipiaal waWare, Therefore^' X'-was glaid' tb 'tiear the Minisetr's statement,- that^this party is' taking good care of foreigners, and to know :hat that is the policy, of tfte party to which I belong. Mr. Poynton—I think the honorable member must have m?«»nrifOry^nf^ yn* Mr. G&bb;—Another provision that is. oopied from the British Act is that all per sons who become naturalised sfrall enjoy ail political righjs. I welcome that pro vision if it-means anything, I shall be oven more pleased if .practical effect is given to it. There is another provision, Ithat a-per json whodesires to beoome naturalised shall- advertise his intention inihepress, and any person may then make a statu tory declaration of reasons why, in his opinion, the application for naturalisa tion should not be granted; - That sta tutory declaration is not to "be seen by the person most concerned, except with the consent of the person who made it. Knowing what took place in regard to the internment of Australian-born and natu ralised Australian citizens - during the war, I am afraid of ah is provision. I have heard of persons having been in terned on account of misstatements" con cerning them made by their personal enemies. I iear that the same-thing may' occur, in cOtDlia»cLinr>' With An alien who is in business may adver tise his indention to apply for «a (certifi cate of. naturalisation, A business rival of British, origin, actuated/ .by business reasons, may make a statutory declara tion In opposition to the application* Mr. Jowet!»-?-tNb Tnari Of Kritish utigiiL would do that. _ Mr, Gabb—Wha/t nonsense! ; I have no time for thatsort of .piffle. j Mr, bpeaJker (Hon, Sir Ellic/t J6hnson) •-Order J . The honorable member must not XD&ze; offensive remarks. Mr. Ga-bb—-I did not mean the remaifk to be offensive; but I have no .time for that narrow vision and excessivte" pride, of race which leadB some peTsons to believe that there are no virtues in any nation ali^f -except $heir own. X have knovrn Britishers who were as 'unscrupulous as men.of any other tiaoe/and I have .known Britishers as good as the best of other races. X wilt be possible under this pro vision in the iBill for one. of the . con temptible class to which I em 'referring to maike a statutory declaration which includes false charges agaifcst an' alien who is applying ifor naturalisation. The «,Men> will hare no. .chance of ..defending himself 'or knfewihg what" has been's^atcd in the declaration, without the consent of the person who made ;it,. exoept in t.h<* case of perjury. HoW is perjuiy to be charged against the person-making a de claration unless the person-, affected'by the declaration has an. opportunity pf reading the statements' that have been mado against him? Slaving regard to I past experience in connection wiih in i ternment. that provision seem® to be un I i&iv;, and if an amendment is possible it [ should be made,. I 'When 4h« Minister is replying I hope I that he will tell us whether it; will be necessary tfar persons who have been na turalised tinder existing laws to again ap-. plyunder this new statute. As I read clause 3 that will not be necessary* but clause 8. provides ahatperBOns whofcre naturalised -under existing laws may ap pfcy for naturalisation under - this tnear sure. • V ' Mir. Poyintan--This iBill does not take j away -existing rights, but a naturalised j person may apply under clause 8 for Em pire naturalisation. Mr. Gabb-—I tha.nk the" SJjnisterfor that explanation. Thsere'is another point in.-respect of which J desire to be clear. Does the right to apply for "naturalisation •aifcer a. residence oi five yeaxis 'in Austia lia> oir another British pose^sion,. apply to all aliens, or is the present system1 of differentiation to continue. To-day a person of German origin cannot beoome naturalised unless he has been continu ously resident in Australia for 20 yeais. and is 50 years of age, - Whe^ I- have been. Sghtmg the cases of Germans I have" be^si ?old that theT young pien are dangerous. In my own electorate are a number of men who have been resident in Australia for tfrcan 10 to 40 years, and who thought that they were nafurfllip^j by virtue of the naturalisation of their parents?. They find that that' is not so, and that they can become "naturalised only if they have been resident here for 20\. .years, without any black marks, such ^ internment, ih tfaedr records,'aiid if they 'ire/ at. least SO' "years of a^se.. £ -Minister will Assure lus' that all aiiehs^will be treated alike, wtietiher' they sre'ol German. French, Austrian, Danish. Br oker origin. The war is over, and we ^smbuld put all nationalities on . the same '*tfooting. Only "by treating all alike shall we be able to remove the bit terness that must be wiped out before the Australians can become one united peo ple. fieoently I have been accused of stirring up race hatred in Queensland; but I declare ftnnight that until justice is done to ihe people of ex-enemy, origin iu our midst, and they are placed on the same (footing;as other citizens, I shall not be prepared to ask them to forget the wrongs that have 'been done them in the past 