Topics r The prominence gained by Mr." J. -Hughes, - of- Minnivale, as a. wheat growèr in -twice winning "The Sim- ; day Tiplear Cup and ;the?.'.Royal Ag--; riouitural Society's pri2c for f&fe; cham- pion- exhibit of wheat some little time back, caused an. application to reach him from N.S.TV. for some of his seed wheat. - Aa Emu Hill report: "Development in. the newly settled areas has gone ahead at a rare pace, and scarcity of labor only prevents a very large area being cleared this year. Many, of the farmers are unable to get clearing gangs, though high prices are offer- ing:" - Labor, ana'no laborers! In one way it Is a good sign, but if there are no unemployed in urban areas, then the -Government must hurry "up the immigrants. Although this State has no part in the. Australian butter' pool, it is di- rectly affected" by ' Whatever price is determined by -the Eastern organisa- tions.-? -The high values ? teed in -the contract for the supply- of- Australia's surplus to : the> imperial Government assures, a continuance .for a year -only fff the inflated prices now -ruling! W.A. is not producing sufficient for home requirements by a big lump, and hence the Imports from the Eastern. States make the market- values here. The Commonwealth. Dairy Produce Pool Committee admits the. success of the negotiations with the British food au- thorities in the following . terms: .?When it is known that the Imperial Government, has-recently purchased a large'.'quantity ..of Danish butter at 2*6s. landed in England, and has also purchased Dutch butter at- 240s. de- livered, and Argentine butter for de- livery up to September next at 190s., it would appear that the new contract -240s. f.o.b.-for Australia's surplus summer production is distinctly favor- able to Australian producers.'' Still further worries for the agricul- turalist and .the entomologist Lucerne has been attacked by & new'pest in the Hunter River district (X.S.W.). Mr. Froggatt (the Government Entornólo- i gist), a Sydney journal records, found there were two distinct insect para- | sites. One (an unknown web moth) was feeding on the crown of the plant, and doing a certain amount of da matre there. .The--other pest was the larva of some weevil beetle, which has been feeding on - the outer surface of the lucerne roots from the crown to seve- ral feet below the surface, so that the' whole of the taproot rotted, and near- ly all the plants on large areas were quite dead, and could be easily pulled up; . Though starting in several of the old- lucerne paddocks, these pests have also' been noticed in some of the young fields. The moth caterpillars are still active in the crowns of the .plants, but the beetle grubs have all left the dead roots, arid are tjiickly 'scattered through the soil to a depth of about six inches Or more, where they will pupate, and probably appear in the beetle state about October. ,. Air. Frog gatt is preparing to work out the life history of both pests as they develop," and possibly recommendations for combating these parasites will be made later. At a time .when there is a good deal of speculation as to the likely price of wheat next year, a quotation from a recent review by Bathgate and Co., London; well-known grain merchants, is opportune. Under date June 2 this firm says:-"So far as grain is con- cerned, the future is too uncertain to permit of. any. forecast as to the course of -prices next season. Last1 week we pointed out that at the moment there is ho real prospective shortage of wheat. On the other, hand, our esti- mates were based oh the assumption thát all-of the crops outside Russia be secured without any serious loss 'be- tween now and harvest Ey this we do not mean alone the harvests of the .Northern . Hemisphere, but also "next season's crops in : AustralaiSa and South America. These latter* are cut ? during-'November to'January, and of course any losses sustained by such important'contributors'"would be very' serious indeed;- and -would" enable Ame- ' rican operators to: enforce-'high prîtes' on the rest, of the -world. Then we have- to remember that "the next *hre"e < months'will be an extremely critical" period in European countries, and' North America, and that there will' be j no;certainty as to future supplies un- til these harvests are -safely gathered between now and next September." 