H ^ a D j T W . ' (By "Broke.") 'I>he emigration from England "of ex-servce pereons proceeding strong.,?." llihe number of approved applications during Aueust, for Aiistralia, was 450. Some going, that, compared with the immigrtution into the U.S.A., which is now reaching pre-war figures—1,000,000 a year. America' draws her new population .from all parts of the world. We restrict our "draw" "to the British Isles, and the isles cannot spare anv Kreltf number of ttieir population, particularly the 6ort we require, will have to look further afield yet, especially if we desire to settle the northern portion of this big continent, and thereby retain possession without dispute. • • • • There is perhaps no immediate danger ahead as far as the North irf concerned. THhe tensity of the rein tions now existing between the two big Northern Pacific 1 owers relieve to n certain extent the prcssir wluch otherwise might be exerted upon ourselves in regard to this unpopulated, fertile, tropical land. Bui the present, position of emptiness cannot be allowed to continus indefinitely, without, a certain tempting opening—now gaping—bein^ mon' fully noted bv some of the population ou the small islands in. the North, where elbow room is becoming further cramRed as one year gives place to another. Directly there trill be no spare room left and then some of 'em will have to get out in a batch. And they're determined cusses, too, once th?y start! • « • • 1 • (The extraordinary . spread of Oriental settlement on the American Pacific slopes has caused a great deal of alarm in California, inhere the Japanese have already overrun the fruit sections. In California and British Columbia (where they number about 15,000) they are amassinc wealth and ere rkpidlv. acquiring control of various branches of the agricultural industry. In Seattle they own about 50 per cent; of the Lotels and 25 per cent, of thf 1 grocery stores, whilst in the fomouK fruit, centre of "the Yakima Volley they own about 7000 acres. On the American-controlled islands of the Pacific fhe Jap has edged hi6 Way in, and is fast edgjng the Tanker out. No wonder America is becoinine fighting cross- • • • • tTo" revert back America secures her new reputation from._a number of countries. They do not migrate to the U.S.A. for the purpose of land development, though. JThe_majority are absorbed bv the "factories nnd become slaves to this continu-. o'us run cf tie-machinery. 'This type of immigrants we do not want. We require most particularly those who will people and develop our,vast vacant lands, Ho say that Great Britain alone can supply our needs is. ridiculous. She can only.to a limitel extent assist. Italy and Spain should provid« a "draw ;fidd" for our iro-- pical land settlers, whilst. Norway, Sweden and Denmark might be encouraged to divert, their roamin? population to our cooler climes. m m » • Tjh4 leap into world's prominenci 1 bv Denmark as a land productivc country,. conducting' industries sinular industries to tios^iwhieh .we desire to establish in .the South epd South-West, dates back' only a few years. New. ZealoncLfififiUred Danish settlers nnd does not seem to have expressed any regret in having obtained fheni. If our immigration of flcials can; by arrangement, -. visit those northern fields, a service^may be rendered to the States of .'the Commonwealth. Tbe Prime Minister having prohibited "imports" from, late enemy countries, a field that previously supplied Australia with numerous hard WoAing land developers, is closed. This being so. we 1 must , for a year or two yet, look elsewhere, and-European Allied find neutral countries present, the best "draw*' -meanc available for meeting our new population requirements for land development purposes. • ' '. • •'* ' ' • • Tlie latest available monthly trade return (that for June) speaks loudly in-.favor of the establishment, of woollen mills in jhe West: ^Textiles, imported £lW,<188, exported £19.'- The -figures deserve advertising a little, so -that the public may be brought to realise the great advantage lo ' themselves _ond ibe State the eSfaibliihttient of woollen mills .in W.A,"wou13"be^ If the Minister far Industries"conld only be .persuaded to arrange with the picture shows to screen some of these advert trade ieturn figures, much.' good mfebt i^nlt It would be fte best •wiy of drawing the attention of 'the ' public, to a 6tate of affairs tb;it . should not be allowed to exist niiv longer than we can possibly help. Perhaps U might lend to wnlte 'em " up collectively, and propagate within 'tlierr> a desire to try to cope with —and Reverse—mnnv of those import and export figures which nt present are so glaring—and so detrimental to the welfare of U6 nil. • • • • During a hurried stop-watch chut with Hustler De Garis Iie_ snid: ^ "When, some months ago. I made my first, visit to the Wesft I wd6 surprised to find that in a big country like "this you were dependent upon the Eastern States for so mnnv essential commodities—which t® ; i ought to have been producing you 1 .'-. selves." It wa s a nasty knock, certninly, but the surprise has been n big'one with ninny, besides De Ga- ••is. But, 1hen, it must not be forgo'- . ten. the Enstern States have depended upon ub, too—depended upon our taking whatever, thev did not want themselves I Perhaps 'twas on* of the blessings we received—as a dear gift—with • • Federation. • • De GarU intimated thnt Of the time of his first visit he made up his mind that, if a suitable property was offered, he would take it, nnd thereby try to assist the West. He v.-iis satisfied with the property ho lind secured even before he saw it, because a property of that aren, which in it K ordinary state had successfully carried 20,000 sheep, annealed jo him as being capable of better .things than a mere sheep walk. • • • • He intimated also that up' North . feeling existed, amongst som.'. thnt bis plans for the development if BTend'enup would be harmful 13 the apple centre town. Do Gtaris smiled. "Wo will help to make Mount, Rnrker nnd _the district—and we will help to make Albany, as n cdmmer- ~ini port, too. There was no smile •in hig face as he ..uttered those; n-ords. De Oaris was in earnest. Wo 'mlieve he is right, too. • • • • It is interesting to note that Dl "nris has presented tbc coid fjhouller to land siwculntors. Each selecl.or must be bona-fide, nnd prepared to work his piece of earth, otherwise he gets none—not from De Garis. Several little instances of "the mnn" blow down from up yon-' der (where the apples freeze). Several would like different slices out : of the "big block. "Fes," said De (J. (so run.c the report), "6o much ah .-we. Give you till such a time tonight to decide, (What 3o you want . it for?" Presumably 'twas jnst wuhtcd to tack on to some other lilo ks, "for De Garis is said to bsva remarked, "I'm not selling sheep > walks, mind!" And no' business iwis doing that, dnyl • .' • » • . -:-r Tlie other diiy ft youth of_60 odd, summers was brushing the dust 'off the way back history of the port. " These way-back times referred - to the days when York-street had only :' Jts natural formation, of sand, and..' <;rcw scrab. He could recall tlie <nye vrhen the stones for the York- ( street gntter K were boated across from the Grove and were cut, into shape on Munday's Cornir^v cqn-, victs (some of'whom wore chains,; Said to weigh 28 lb.); the Ship' Inn, . the Stoni Jug, and the Round House nnd the stock K in what is now Lnwley Park; in the stocks he'd seen, as <• boy, the evildoer secured; The Mounti built for and occupied by , Clifton, who agented for P. and O. He could recall 'em all. Old '.lime , history i R interesting—but we Lru c, i the dust carefully back into its place ' again. ». .'» » » A corres|>ondent of the Jtatuu-' ning "Advocate," signing liimself "Aussie," striken 'off his o\rn bat, in Mus wise and asks a few questions :—"Is the intention of the Rer-ntriation Committee to . always . screen Yankee pictures t Whftt~have : the British and Australian pictures;, donef I ibink that the time has come when the people should censp .from v uttenu.ng shows where Yankee blow tripe- and pi£le constitute Hhe pro» gramme.- (hie - would think that "Uio - Yanks wdn the war^hat every doctor in New. York, <excepti tine, we'll to the war; and that war was a picnic. Pictures of this sorb will puss on Tnsople who are ignorant of whar war is, but'such ridiculous versions; , of it make' men who know, fed ill. In fairness- to our 60,000 iads who died while the Yonks were -hoarding the mighty dollar. I tlur\ that it <8 time the Tankee business was cutput. Give ns something Australan..",: Ah-1 Seiitimentc such as tb'se apl»al fw n »ood ninny in Albany, too/, But thor ffibngh they may sixain ht n gnat. thcy ^I swallow ihe camd. 