LEAGUE OF NATIONS Buenos Ayres, Dec. 14. The Argentine Foreign Office de elares that the Argentina Govern ment will not give any notification of its withdrawal from the League of Nations because it does not con sider that Argentina has ever been a member of the League. The Foreign Office points out that the series of diplomatic docu ments recently published shows that Argentina accepted the forma tion of the League in principle. Argentina sent delegates for the purpose of assisting in the organis ation of the League, but her adhe sion was conditional on the ques tion of ratification. Argentina's participation would have been sub mitted to Congress had the League been formed in a manner accept able to Argentina. The withdrawal of her delegate ends the matter so far as the present League is con eerned. Geneva, Dec. 15. An Assembly Committee to-day reported on India's claim to repre sentation on the Labour organisa tion as a great industrial country. The. committee held that the As sembly was not competent to de cide India's claim; the Council alone was competent to decide as to which are the principal indus trial Powers. The Indian delegates stated their case but offered no amendment. The committee's report was adopt ed unaltered. Mr. Barnes pointed out that India had not accepted the invitation to attend the Labour Conference in Washington last year. Geneva, Dec. 15. An Assembly committee to-day presented its report on the opium I and white slave traffic. The com-I mittee recommended acquiescence' 'in the Netherlands desire that the League should assume the duties hitherto carried out by her under the opium convention, and also that the signatories to the conven tion, non-members of the League, d ii ld be invited to appoint as sessors on the League advisory committee, with a special invita tion to America. The committee unanimously recommended that the League should undertake all obliga tions with respect to the white slave traffic. The committee's report was adopt ed. The Assembly authorised the secretariat to send a questionaire to all Govermnents asking what legis lative measures had been taken to combat the traffic. An interesting feature of the debate was a speech in English by Miss Forchhammer, a Danish delegate, the first woman to address the Assembly, appealing to every Government for legislative suppression of the traffic, which was a blot on civilisation. Geneva, Dec. 15. The election of the four non-per manent members of the Council re suited in the election of Spain, 35 votes ; Brazil, 53; Belgium, 24; and China, 21. In the third ballot China, beat Belgium by one vote, but did not secure a majority of the As. sembly. A further vote as between China and Belgium resulted in the latter's victory. but China secured a majority in the fourth ballot over Rumania and several other minor: nations. Geneva, Dec. 15. The Assembly to-day decided -o admit Austria into the League of Nations. Senator Millen was the only delegate who declined to vote either way. Geneva. Dec. 16. The Assemblyv yesterday carried on a general debate on tihe report on the admission of new states. Mr. Blankenburg said that South Africa would welcome the earliest admis sion of all states, including Ger- many. M. Motti, speaking for the ad mission of Austria, strongly appeal i ed foQ the early admission of Ger- I many, R.ussia anld America. The League, he :aid, must be universal, i otherwise it would contain the germs of slow but sure disintegra tion. M. Viviani vigorously replied that the League was the guardian of right against force. He regretted America's abstention. When Russia came down .to the ideas of a grea~t democracy she, might gain admis sion. In respect of Germany it was her duty to show that she was fit to come in. . ShRe must have a fre. Government able to guarantee that h woubld discharge her finpanoial obligations. Germany would enter the League when she gives effective guarantees. The League Covenant was meant to give effect to the peace treaty. Two years had pass ed, and Germany had not yet given effective guarantees. We did not provoke the war. If there was any thing to reproach us for, it was that we didn't foresee the war. If the free nations hadn't stood together for the world's freedom this League wouldn't be sitting in Geneva to day. Lord Robert Cecil moved the ad mission of Austria, which was car ried. London. Dec. 15. Mr. Percy Hunter, of the Fed eral Immigration Department, said in an interview to-day :-"Senator Millen's remarkable fight in the League of Nations' Assembly for the cause of economy is recognised by all the Powers at Geneva. He" prac 1tically dominated the finance com mission's sitting for a fortnight. He was insistent that the generally extravagant ideas of establishment should be remodelled. Though na turally faced with considerable op position from vested interests, he succeeded finally in securing suffici ent support to ensure that future budgets should be vigorously econ omise-d. "He made a great fight against the establishment of several -new and costly independent commissions, "nd the Assembly adopted his viewv, al tering the constitution of these bodies from permanent to mereij temporary advisory committees. "Senator Millen's efforts will re sult in the saving of hundreds of thousands of pounds yearly without impairing the efficiency of the scheme to prevent war. They will also save Australia a very big sum Sin contributions to the League. SAustralia was charged at the same Srate as France and Britain. Al though the relief will not be im :mediate, it will ultimately be at tained and will be mainly retrospec tive." New York, Dec. 14. The Washington correspondent of the "New York Times,' commenting on Mr. Sheldon's speech in Boston on the 3rd inst., says:-"This ex pression of sympathy with Senator Lodge's suggestion haid made a pleasing impression on the Senate, and it would cause no surprise if M r. Harding found that some of the most ardent opponents of the League of Nations or of any asso ciation of nations would look differ ently upon arrangements with the British dominions to protect their common interests." (Mr. Sheldon, in a speech in the Harvard Union, in Boston, com menting upon an observation made by Senator Lodge recently that he would like to see an arrangement with the dominions bordering on the Pacific regarding Asiatic immi gration, remarked that Mr. Hughes had repeatedly in the past and more recently held out a similar invita tion to the United States. Mr. Sheldon added: "Our views and iln terests are identical with those of the United States on this question. We, similarly to the United States, desire to avoid any conflict, but on the other hand we are determined to maintain our policy. I am sure :hat any approaches for a general understanding on this question con sistent with the views of Australia would probably be welcomed, not only by Australia, but by other members of the British Empire.") It is announced that the 'ornfer ence on international communica tions, pending the fanl disposition of the ex-German cables, has ad outed a modus vivendi under wluhich the cables will be operated for the financial account of the five Power, until February ]5. 19, . The con ference will continue its sessions, but, if no settlement is reached by Sthen, another modus vivendi will be i adopted in March. President; Wilson has appointed Mir. Henry Morgenthau, one time American. Ambassador to Turkey, to be his personal representative and mediate in the matter oif Ar 1ienia. 