AUSTRIA IN THE LEAGUE Opium and White Slave Traffic WOMAN DELEGATE TO THE FORE [AlSTnAl.IAN PRESS ASSOCIATION) LONDON, Wednesday Evening. Austria has brrn admitted to the Leaens of Nations. Senator Millen alone of tbc delegates at Geneva declined to vote either way. The BPCflnl cnrrcspnnili-nt nt Go- , nova of (lie Ainirnllnn Trrs« Assirln tlon tolopr.iplis tho rnll..wlii;- niis sagc:— ' The riiiurallti'o iirosoturil in tho I T-Ojipue of .VjiHoiis Avitiu1»!v if* r^- I port on opium nml Hip nhlio bI.ivi trafllr; nnrt Indin's cl.iini In n'^rcTn tntlon on the I.ulmr i ircm i -.i : i- .n :,.:: groat imlustrlnl roiinirr. Tlir fommlltoe rwnimmiiilc] nc qulpsrr-ni-c In liollnmrs .Wlro tii:i( ihr Uapuo slioilM n».-miic the ilnth's nl tuerto enrried out l.y lur uml.T the Opium Convention: hImp timt »::nn torlcs lo tue ConviMiii.in » hn vrrp not nietnbrrs of tlio f.iMi^ni* slmulil l-e In vited to nppoint n^siiv«lirc on The Leiieur's Advisory t',,iiniiittir with a upceJ.'il iiivjuitj'.ij to .»;n,.ri,-.i. The committee nnnnlmouelT recommeoded tile Lrncue to Bn dertake ohUKattou- in rrsprct of the -bite slave traffic. The Committee, however. do.-|,ied Hint tbe Assembly was n.it coiiiictciit to di-clde India's --ln|m, the Coiim-ll alone liclnp; competent to dn'lile vilii.-h arc the principal Industrial rowi-rs. Tlio opium and while-slave tr;itlii* rejmrt was adopted, Tue AfsemMv aci(hnrls(-d tlie S«Tf. (arlnt (o trod a -iurctl-uiii.iirc to .ill Goveruniente, askiiiR wh;it lo^isliilii'!1 i the traffic. An Interesting feature of the delmle was a speevb In L'Dglisli lir JU-s j rorchhnmmer. a Danish ilrli'gntc-thi' I prst woman to r.ddress tlio Assembly. ' She appealed to ever}- Government to legislate for I be suppression oftiie trafflc r.UU-h was a Mot on civllla Hod. Millen's Fight for Economy Mr. rerv-r Hunter, liil.ral Immi gration Director, f.iye tli.it Senator Millen's rcmnrk.ilile liclit In the league of Nations lu tin- nrj-c of eco nomy has been n-o.-nwd l,y nil the I'owers at Gene\a. He practlcall.v domiimtrA the Fi nance Commission- Kiiinpi for the past fortnight, and ' ;i - Insistent that the generally eitrntnpuil Ideas of the eatabllEhmcnt should be remodelled. Tbonga naturally faced with considerable opposition by* rest ed interests ha aueeeeded finally ' In aeonrinf; anflelent support to ensure that future Budgets will be rigorously economised. I Flu mnde a groat fight against the establishment of several new nn.l costly Independent Commissions, and the Assembly adopted bis view, ,j. tering the Constitution of these bodies from permanent to merely tem porary adVlsnry committees. Senator Millen'i efforts will result In the saving of hundreds of thous ands ot pounds a year without Im pairing (hi- efficiency of (lie scheme (o prevent war. They will also sa-ra Anetralia a Terr *-Ic in In oontriborioin to the Ixague. Australia was charged at the same J-ate as France and Britain. Althoneh relief will not be immediate, it will nlUmatelr be attained, and be made retrospective. Argentina's Breakaway NEW TOBK. Weduesdny. A Buenos Ajtos message states:— The Foreisn Office declares that the Argentina Government will not jrirc any notification of her withdrawal from the league because It does not consider that Argentina has ever been \- member of tbc League. The Foreign Office pointed out thnt a aeries of diplomatic document-; re cently published showed thnt Argen tina accepted the formation of the League In principle. Argentina sent delegates fur (he purpose of assisting In tbe organisa tion of tbe League, hut her adhesion whs conditional on the question of the ratification of Argeutinn's participa tion, which would have been submit ted to Congress had the league been formed in s manner nccei-tab)e to Ar gentina. The withdrawal of her delegates ends tbe matter so far as the pre sent League is concerned. 