CONCERNING PEOPLE) Our London correspondent, in a insasago on Monday, stated that His Majesty tasf 3ng had received so Backtngnsm lUaoa be Buhoos who are «ttendiqs; the Lam* beta Conference. T^ Witk reference to the presentation oS te Port Adelaide address to Hit £sooh «»-?,«« uoTcrnor, arrangements iiavs now been made for Sir Archibald' to re ceive it on the occasion of his visit to the chief seaport on August 10. Ths reception at Government House ori Wednesday evening is for those who ac tively participated in the arrangement* ' made (for the via* of the Bonce of Wales. Our TpKo correspondent says in a cable gram:— Une officer) of the Japanese lm* penal Household have ksued a buUet'S notifying that Che Emperor Yoshmiso 'is suffering from neuralgia, of the hip joint, and from diabetes, -but that he ia atuvly progressing -toward recovery. He«js sow o give attention to affairs of State, but he cannot yet attend ceremonies or grant audiences. Rest is still necessary. The Premier of New^Soutb Wales (Mr. Storey) announced in Sydney on Monday tbat the Prime Minister and he hod de cided to nominate Air. Justice Edmunds, of New South Wales, as Chairman of the Conciliation Committee which will investi gate the Broken Hill industrial dispute. Mr.' Vernon Haddon Treatt, B.A., M.M.. was on Monday elected the New South Wales RbodesScbolar for 1920. He is the son of Mr. T. B. Treatt, late Police Magis trate at Cowra. The Mflitary Medal was) awarded to him while serving on the Hin enburg line for gallantry and devotion to duty. Mr. Robert Melrose, who will attend a meeting of the National Wool Council, was a passenger fos^ Melbourne by the express on Monday. Mr. James Scholefield, clerk of the Dis- rict Council of Gilbert, who died at Riverton on Friday evening in his eighty- fourth year, was one of the oldest district council clerks in the State. He was a foundation member and P.M. of the Wooroora Lodge, S.A.C., and a trustee and member of the Princess Royal branch of the Oddfellows' Lodge. For nearly half a century he served faithfully in all the offices open to a layman in Holy- Trinity Church, Riverton. Born on April 9, 1837, at Bulcliffe Hall, near Wakefield, Eng- land, he was educated at the Collegiate School of Sheffield, and was apprenticed to the worsted manufacturing, for which opportunity a premium of £200 was paid. The life did not suit him. and he went to sea for four years, trading with China, New Zealand, and South America. In 1861 he landed in Melbourne by the Red Jac- ket, and put in a few months on the Vic- torian goldfields. Then he associated him- self with pastoral and farming industries in South Australia, under the late Mr. Charles Swinden. In 1864 Mr. Scholefield returned to England, married, in 1865, Miss Sarah Jane Dent, of Wakefield, returned to South Australia, and took up land at Marrabel, which he worked for 16 years. In 1873 he removed to Riverton as auc- tioneer and clerk to the district council, which latter office he ably filled to within a few hours of his demise. He had also for 25 years been clerk to the Hamilton District Council, but retired from that position several years ago. The late gentleman was also returning officer for Wooroora for 12 rears, and when the dis- trict was merged into the larger electorate of Light he was appointed returning officer for Riverton. At the time of his death Mr. Scholefield was also clerk of the Dis- trict Council of Rhynie. He was secretary and librarian to the Riverton Institute for more than 30 years. The widow survives, and of their 14 children the following are still living:— Nursing Sister Bessie Schole- field, Mesdames A. B. Kelly (Henley Beach), and J. H. Barnes (Bute), Misses Alice (Riverton), Caroline (Renmark), Agnes (Mount Barker), Messrs. R. B. (manager National Bank, Port Germein), Herbert and William ( Ardrossan), and Rev. W. G. Scholefield (late Capt.-Chap- lain to the British forces in Salonika). ?Tha general manager and officers of tbe Australian. Wheat Board, together with Jic representatives of the British Wheat Commission, and officers of the Victorian and Western Australian Wheat Offices. entertained Mr. G. G. Nkholls (retiring manager of the South Australian Wheat scheme) at lunch at the Oriental Hotel, Melbourne, on Monday, and wished him success upon his entry into commercial enterprise. It *as announced that Mr. NichoUs would manage the South Austra lian business of Messrs. Scarlett 4 to* ' ? jute and grain merchants, of Melbourne. '? ' Mr. Israel Cohen {British Zionist Envoy to Australia) was on Monday ten dered a.civic reception at the Perth Tows Hall. In responding, he claimed that the Jews were a democratic race, and wera content to build Palestine and incresjw in, numbers until they men in a position to govern 4hat land. Addressing a fftther ing of the Jewish community on Sunday evening. Mr. Cohen said the main outlines) of tbe Palestine mandate -had been arrived, at between the British Government and tbe Zioiritt A«ociaai»u. Palestine, on the basis of intense culture, -would support ft population of b\000,OUO. The Zionist or ganization could cojie with 24,000 to 31,000 immigrants each year. That would call for an expenditure of £3,700.000 for the -first year. Jewish communities through out the world were uow asked to mbsulbs tbat amount. A revolution was usani .mously carricil ex|-rca»iiijt gratitude for the granting of the i'*U*tine mandate to Great Britain, and pledging tbe meetinf ?te do its utmost for the recpnstrucaon of 'Palestine as the Jewish national boose. Mdss Daisy Kennedy, who completed her South Australian concert engage* ments on 6aturday, left by the express for Melbourne on Monday. Many friends and admirers assembled on the platform U the station to bid her good-bye. Mr. J. H. GosBe, a director of George Wjlls & Co., Limited, left for Queens land on Monday on a business visit , Mr. Herbert Myers. Adelaide repitges tativc for J. C. Williamson, T-t'rifH. ac companied by his wife, loft by tbe Mel bourne express on Tuesday to confef mik the directors in connection with Adelaide ventures. Tbe condition of Mr. John Sheik, who is *-»rio-tftly 01 at the Norto Adelaide Private Hospital, was unchanged on Monday night. A cable message from our Paris corres pondent on Monday announced tbat Miss Kathleen Murray, of Sydney, who holds a travelling scholarship, has outlined the de gree of Master of Arts at the Strasirarg Univensity. She secured first, place in her section with highest mention. The kte Mr. James Angus Foukls. who died 'recently at Katanning, West ern Australia, was born in Steven son; Ayrshire, Scotland, in October. 1W1, and wa« therefore in bis 79th year. Be came to South Australia in the immigrant ship Florcnrtia in June 1849, - «rith bk parents, .-two brotbent, and two ensten, all of whom he outlived. His boyhood and young manhood were spent mostly about Hindmarah, Gawlcr, and Saddle worth, and . later in Burra. Booboo rowie. and Jamestown. In 1879 Mr. Foulds took up'land in the Franklin Harbour dis trict, where he carried on farming opera tions for 25 ye&rs; or so. In 1005 he moved to Katanning. Western Australia, where . he again engaged in farming, and con tinued to do ao up to the time of his death, although, owing to failing health, be had to a large extent iheen living a retired lif* on Ms farm. Mr. Foulds .often engaged in journalistic activities. Since tbe early seventies he had been a member of the Jamestown Tent of Itccbjibttcs. He was married -tance. first to Mm. Ashby. in 1873, and iri 1875 to M» L. E. James, both of Koorinpi. Both -wiv»« predeceased him. He is survived by four sons— Messrs. Benjamin IV. (Grraklton. W.A.TL Frederick (Lin»Qp). Arthur and Harold (K*tannins. W.A.). »n,\ two daughter* tbe Misses A. and M. Foulds (Katsniuns, 'W.A.). and three grandchildren. Mr. Matthias Ericlmen, -who has died at Yorketown at the ape of 80 years, wis one of the best-known reeideMs of Southern Yorke'* Peninsula. He -was of Danish descent, and km born near Flens burg, ScbkmnpJiolKein, educated in Fienftburff, and employed there in mercan tile houses. He took an active part wiA the Danish army in ? the war against Prussia and Aoetria in 1864, and entered afterwards tbe service of die Cota-Minden «nd Rheinisehe Railway Company, and was for years employed in the traffic de partment at Gicsen and Cologne. He came ie South Australia in 1878. and entered the employ of Messm. C. S. Robert and Co.. Edithburgh. After a lew yearn ne went into partnership with Mr. Robert, and started a branch of the. business as general storekeeper at Yorketcnm, 1S83, which he a few years later on took over on bis own aecouK. for about '20 years. He served for many years as Councillor and Mayor of Yorketown. hw election always being without opposition. He received %» commiarion ait a juetirc of the peace in 1889. and *as a supporter of all worthy local organization*, und was a member of the Rechabite und Oddfcliotrs' Orders. For a number of years be was on the board of the Yorketown Hospital De ceased was a regular worshipper at the Baptist Church. A few weeks aso the xorketown Corporation presented him with an illuminated addrcw a* an acknowledg ment of his unstinted services in the ia- (hasatsvcl.theiown».. ~ 