THE GENEVA CONFERENCE MR. MILLEN'S INSISTENCE. AUSTRIA'S ADMISSION. LONDON, December 15. ¡ ? Austria lins been admitted to tho i ly*ague of Nations. Mr. Millen alone de alined to vote cither way. " ? The l'cderal Immigration Ollicer, Mr. [ Percy Hunter, has made a statement in which he said that Mr. Millens remark- s' able fight in the League of Nations in the j, course of economy has been recognised fi by all thc Towers'represented at Geneva. t Mr. Millen practically dominated the i;. finance commission's sittings for a fort j, right. He waa insistent that, thc goner y, sally extravagant ideas for thc establish- ment of positions should be remodelled. j*. fTltough naturally faced with considerable topposition from vested interests he euc ' reeded finally in securing suHiccnt sup ¡(lort to ensure that thc future budgets tJjould be vigorously economised. He made a great fight against thc establishment of several new and costly independent rommissions and thc assembly adopted Lia view, altering the constitution of these Iiodies from permanent to merely tem- porary advisory committees. Mr. Milieu's efforts will result in the saving of hun- dreds of thousands of pounds yearly ?without impairing the efficiency of the awlieme to prevent war. It will also save Australia a very big sum in contribu- tions to thc League. Australia was Charged at the same rate as France and * britain. Although the relief will not be immediate it will ultimately be at- tained and made retrospective. The representative of the Australian prrss Association at Geneva says : " Two or three of the committee have presented their report on opium., the ti'bite slave traffic, and India's claim for > r» presentation on the labour organisation '. as a great industrial country. -v ''Thc committee recommended acquie ; st euee in the desire of thc Kelhcrbvnds r that tho League should assume the duties I hitherto carried out by her under the i Opium Convention ; also that the signa tories lo the Convention and the non-mem- bers of thc League should be invited to . lt),oint assessors to thc Lcaguo'e advisory Lfm mit tee, with a special invitation to (be United States. " The committee unanimously recom- mend ed that tho League should under- take the obligations in respect to the vhitc slave traffic, but decided that. the. ¿Aescmbly was not competcn,t to decide [India's claim. The Council is alone com s Petent to decide which are the principal ' Industrial powers, . ? . " Thc opium and white slave traffic re- commendations were adopted and the ¡Assembly authorised the- «xretariat to SKnd the question to all the governments ?¿¡king what legislative measures were to tv taken to combat the traffic. ' ¡ "An interesting feature ia the debate vas thc speech in English, by Miss Förch > lammer, a Danish delegate. She is the fret woman to address the Assembly. She appealed to ©very government to legis . late for the suppression of a traffic .which w ts a blot on civilisation. \- " Toe Indian delegates stated thc case brid offered no amendment " The committee's report at the adjourn. fc:ent had not been altered, i. "Mr. Barnes pointed out that Britain thad not accepted an invitation to attend f {ti.« Labour conference at Washington last \ ' jeer. f: "The election of four noa-permanost '. «nembera to the Council resulted m the " {ejection of Spain (65 votes), Brazil (33), { IBfltrium (24), and China (21). In the third ?j- ballot-China beat Belgium by one vote, hut did not secure a majority. The ¡Assembly took a further vote between Phfnaand Belgium, which resulted in the f Litter's victory ; but China secured a J IMtjorfty in tSe fourth ballot over Rou \- inania and several minor nations." I .BUENOS AYRES, December IS. jj » The Foreign Office declares that the f. Argentine Government did not give any S kiutiftcation of her withdrawal from thc ir tLeaeuc. \: Diplomatic documents recently pub I 1:flied show that the Argentine accopted f- tire formation of the Lcnyue in principle. "5 he Argentine sent delegates for the pur ÏMJEO of assistine in the organisation of j ~ thc League, but her adhesion was condi- tional on the question of ratification. ^Argentine's participation would have been ; B:ibmittcd to Congress had the League boen formed in a manner acceptable to ¿' *hc Argentine. The withdrawal of the " ! delegates ends thc matter so far "s the , present League is concerned. j LONDON, Dccem'jer lfi. The representative of the Australian IVcss at Geneva says : "In the Assembly, in the «ocrai de » feule on the report on thc admission of tiew states, Mr- Blankenburg said that f.:->uth Africa would welcome the cnrliesl admission of all states, including Germany. ; '"M. Motta. Kpeaking on the admission ! ¡sf Austria, strongly appealed for carly »dmission of Germany. Ititssin. aid the .*. Lnilcd .States. Thc League must be uni versal, otherwise it will contain thc germ . bf slow, but sure, disintegration. " M. Vivian! vigorously replied. The League, he said, was the guardian right ! against force. He regretted the absten- ir ¿ion of the United States. When Russia came down to the ideas of a great demo- cracy she might gain admission, in re- spect lo Germany it was her duty to show- s' that she was fit to come in. Khe must have a free government, able to give (ru&ranlees; that she would discharge her financial obligations. Germany would bo . '.lowed to enter the Longue when she gave . ti effective guarantee to the League. The , .. I «venant was meant to give èifect to thc ; . Peace Treaty. Two years had passed and ; Germany had not yet given au effective t guarantee. " Wo did not provoke the war," added M. Viviani. " lt there was ;" anything to roprrach us for it waB that we i did not foresee it. If the free nations IjpA not stood together for the world's fr"edoin this League w-ould not be sitting in Oneva to-day." " Lord Robert Cecil moved thc admis pion of AuFtria, and the motion was car- ried. 