Geneva Meeting A REFORM MOVEMENT Opium and White Slavery. London, Wednesday.—The special cor respondent of the Australian Press As sociation' writes:— The committee appointed to deal with opium and white slavo traffic presented its report. On India's claim to representation on the Labor organisation, as a great in- country, the committee recom mended acquiescence. The Netherlands desired the League to -assume |-(the. duties hitherto carried under the Opium Convention; also that, the signatories to the Conven tion and no n-inembers of the League should be invited to.appoint assessors on the League's advisory committee, with a special invitation to America. The committee unanimously recommend ed the League to undertake obligations in; respect of the white slave traffic, but decided that the Assembly was not com pe.tent to'decide India's claim, and that the Council alone was competent to de cide as. to which. were principal indus .trial "Powers. The opium and white slave traffic roport was adopted.. . The Assembly authorised the secre tariat to send a questionnaire to all Go vernments, asking what legislative mea sures were being taken to combat the traffic. An interesting feature of the debate was a speech in English by Miss Forchhammer, a Danish delegate, and the* first woman to address the "As sembly, appealing to every Government to legislate for the suppression of the traffic, which was a blot on civilisation. The Indian, delegates stated their case, but offered no' amendment to the committee report, which was adopted unaltered. Mr Barnes pointed out that India did not accept the invitation to attend the Labor Conference at Washington last year. The election of four non- permanent members of* the Council resulted in the election of Scam (35 votes), Brazil (33), Belgium*(24), and China (21). In. the third ballot China beat Belgium by one vote, but did not secure a,. majority of the Assembly, and a further vote as between China and Belgium, resulted in the latter's victory, but China secured a majority in the fourth ballot over Rou mania and .several- minor, nations.- VIVIANI'S VIGOROUS SPEECH. ' London, Thursday.—TJio Assembly had a general, debate on the report of the admission of new States. Sir R. A. Blankonburg (South Africa) said that South Africa would welcome the oai'liest admission of all States, includ-. ing Germany. : : M. Motta (Switzerland),, speaking of the admission of Austria., strongly ap pealed'for the early admission of Ger many, Russia, ' and America. The League, he said, must "be universal, otherwise it would contain the germ of slow but sure disintegration. M. Viviaiii ' (France) vigorously re plied, lie said the League was. the guardian of right against force. He u-giottcd America's abstention. When Russia came down to the ideas of a great democracy she might gain admis sion. ' Respecting Germany, he -said it was her duty to show she was fit to some in. She must have a free Govern ment, able to give guarantees that she would discharge Her financial obliga tions. Germany will enter the League when she had given an effective guaran tee. The League Covenant was meant to effect to the Peace Treaty. Two years had passed, but Germany-had not yet given effective guarantees. "?We did not provoke the war," he said. "If there, was-anything to reproach us for, it was that we did not forsee it. If the free nations had not stood together for the world's freedom this League would not' be sitting at Geneva to-day." Lord Robert Cecil (South Afrca) mov od for the admission of Australia, and the motion was carried. v Senator .Millen alone declined to vote, 'either way. TRIBUTE TO JSENATOR MILLEN. " Mr Percy Hunter, Federal Immigra tion Director in London/in a statement to-day, said: .-* '.Senator Milen's remark able fight in the League of Nations in the cause of ecenomy is recognised by all Powers at Geneva. He practically dominated the Finance Commission's sittings for a fortnight, and was insis tent that the generally extravagant ideas of the establishment should be re modelled. Though naturally faced with considerable opposition from vest ?od interests, he succeeded finally in se curing sufficient support to ensure that future Budgets should bo rigorously economised. Senator Millen made a groat fight against the establishment of several new,'cdstly, independent commis sions, and the Assembly adopted his view, altering the constitution of these bodies from permanent to-merely tem porary- advistory committees. '' Senator Millen's efforts will result in saving hundreds of thousands of pounds yeavly, without impniring the effi ciency of the scheme to prevent war. They will also save Australia a very big sum in contributions to the League. Australia was charged at the same rate as France and' Britain. Although the relief will not be immediate, it will ul timately be attained, and made retro spective." 