FRIDAY'S MESSAGES. THE GENEVA CONFERENCE AUSTRIA'S ADMISSION. LONDON, December 15. Austria has been admitted to the League of Nations. Mr. Millen alone de- clined to vote either way. The Federal Immigration Officer, Mr. Percy Hunter, has made a statement in which he said that Mr. Millen's remark- able fight in the League of Nations in the course of economy has been recognised by all the Powers represented at Geneva. Mr. Millen practically dominated the finance commission's sittings for a fort- night. [He was?] insistent that the gener-ally extr[??????] ideas for the establish- ment of positions should be remodelled. Though naturally faced with considerable opposition from vested interests he suc- ceeded finally in securing sufficent [sic] sup- port to ensure that the future budgets should be vigorously economised. He made a great fight against the establishment of several new and costly independent commission and the assembly adopted his view, altering the constitution of these bodies from permanent to merely tem- porary advisory committees. Mr. Millen's efforts will result in the saving of hun- dreds of thousands of pounds yearly without impairing the efficiency of the scheme to prevent war. It will also save Australia a very big sum in contribu- tions to the League. Australia was charged at the same rate as France and Britain. Although the relief will not be immediate it will ultimately be at- tained and made retrospective. The representative of the Australian Press Association at Geneva says :— " Two or three of the committee have presented their report on opium, the white slave traffic, and India's claim for representation on the labour organisation as a great industrial country. "The committee recommended acquie- sence in the desire of the Netherlands that the League should assume the duties hitherto carried out by her under the Opium Convention ; also that the signa- tories to the Conventions and the non-mem- bers of the League should be invited to appoint assessors to the League's advisory committee, with a special invitation to the United States. " The committee unanimously recom- mended that the League should under- take the obligations in respect to the white slave traffic, but decided that the Assembly was not competent to decide India's claim. The Council is alone com- petent to decide which are the principal industrial powers. " The opium and white slave traffic re- commendations were adopted and the Assembly authorised the secretariat to send the question to all the governments asking what legislative measures were to be taken to combat the traffic. " An interesting feature in the debate was the speech in English, by Miss Forch- hammer, a Danish delegate. She is the first woman to address the Assembly. She appealed to every government to legis- late for the suppression of a traffic which is a blot on civilisation. " The Indian delegates stated the case and offered no amendment. " The committee's report at the adjourn- ment had not been altered. " Mr. Barnes pointed out that Britain had not accepted an invitation to attend the Labour conference at Washington last year. " The election of four non-permanent members to the Council resulted in the election of Spain (65 votes), Brazil (33), Belgium (24), and China (21). In the third ballot China beat Belgium by one vote, but did not secure a majority. The Assembly took a further vote between China and Belgium, which results in the latter's victory ; but China secured a Majority in the fourth ballot over Rou- mania and several minor rations." BUENOS AIRES, December 15. The Foreign Office declares that the Argentine Government did not give any notification of her withdrawal from the League. Diplomatic documents recently pub- lished show that the Argentine accepted the formation of the League in principle. The Argentine [sic] sent delegates for the pur- pose of assisting in the organisation of the League. but her adhesion was condi- tional on the question of ratification. Aregentine's [sic] participation would have been submitted to Congress had the League been formed in a manner acceptable to the Argentine. The withdrawal of the delegates ends the matter so far as the present League is concerned. LONDON, December [16?]. The representative of the Australian Press at Geneva says :— " In the Assembly, in the general de- bate on the report on the admission of new states, Mr. Blankenburg said that South Africa would welcome the earliest admission of all states, including Germany. " M. Motta, speaking on the admission of Austria, strongly appealed for early admission of Gernmany, Russia, and the United States. The League must be uni- versal, otherwise it will contain the germ of slow, but sure disintegration. "M. Viviani vigorously replied. The League, he said, was the guardian right against force. He regretted the absten- tion of the United States. When Russia came down to the ideas of a great demo- cracy she might gain admission. In re- spect to Germany it was her duty to show that she was fit to come in. She must have a free government, able to give guarantees that she would discharge her financial obligations. Germany would be allowed to enter the League when she gave an effective guarantee to the League. The Covenant was meant to give effect to the Peace Treaty. Two years bad passed and Germany had not yet given an effective guarantee. "We did not provoke the war." added M. Viviani. "If there was anything to reproach us for it was that we did not foresee it. If the free nations had not stood together for the world's freedom this League would not be sitting. in Geneva to-day." "Lord Robert Cecil moved tge admis- sion of Austria, and the motion was car- ried. 