SUMMARY; nsroant Jshll Informed «n Interviewer ífc«i there will be an oportuno moment for at réintroduction of the racial equality Question li» BBT» this will be when their campaign of education In California, Canada, and Aus- tralia baa succeeded. HP adds that Japan's appeal for recogni- tion waa Srst set aside owing to the Influence of the British dominions. Senator Millen Bays the opinton of Aus- tralia Is unalterable as far as the Japanese ore coucerncd. "JaDan," he adds, "1B Insisting upon man- ies «hlcb will provide for Japanese immi- gration to the iBlands. We insist upon ex- clusion." Sir James Allen suggests that Japan should «Tv her labour what other Pacific ocean countries pay before claiming equality. The Assembly of the League of Nations .111 thank President Wilson, Brazil, and 6paln for their responsos regarding Armonía. Mr Balfour has submitted a report of the Commission on the proposal for the amend- ment of tho covenant of the League. The British, French, and Italian Govern- ments hare informed Greece that the re- iteration of Constantine would create an un- favourable situation. They add that in such an event thev would reserve complete liberty to deal with tho lltuation, Twenty warships carried out a demonstra- tion against D'Annunzio off Flume. A Rome report states that D'Annunzio «cuttlod an Italian cruiser in the fairway, preventing the departure,of an Italian squad- ron. It adds that D'Annunzio has declared a state of war with Haly, and has ordered a mass mobtlleation. Including woman. A Danish physician has discovered a new fluid for the treatment tf wounds, which consists of organic substances, mainly vege- table. The fluid is a strong antiseptic, and will probably have a benoflclal effect upon cancer wounds. The committee Inquiring Into the activities of meat trusts supports the policy of foster- ing the Empire's production. It recommends that the Government should adopt a policy to prevent foreign interests from a larger share in the beef trade. Mr J F. Hope gave reasons in tho Houne of Commons why the British reserve prices for wool had been slowly reduced. The trial of Countess Marklevicz for pro- moting an organisation for murtlerlng^police and soldiers, has opened In Dublin, lord Derby, on being welcomed home to HaMiester, advocated a Franco-British Al- liance as the best safeguard for peace. The cricket match between England and n leam representing Australia, was commenced tt Brisbane yesterday. Australia hatted first, and were all disposed of for a totnl of 255. Macartney played a fine innings for 96. When play closed for the day England had icored 24 without tho loss o£ a wicket. The Sheffield Shield match between New (south Wales and South Australia was begun on the Sydney Cricket Ground yesterday. The homo team went in first, and when itumps were drawn they had lost three wick- ets (or 224 runs, Bogle being 94 not out. The Members' Allowances Bill was taken In the Legislative Assembly after 3 a.m. yes- terday. Sir Georgo Fuller protested against the rneasure being brought forward at that hour. Dr. Arthur Bubmtttpd an amendment in favour of the question being referred to a referendum. He suggested that as a liquor referendum mlist be tak^'n before June the question could be put to the electors. The amendment was ruled out of order on the ground that it involved expense, and the debate was proceeded with. At 4 25 am. the motion was put, and was carried by 38 to 23. The bill was brought in tad read a first time. Leave was given to introduce the Common- wealth Powers (Air Navigation) Bill. The debate' on the motion for the second leading of the Profiteering Prevention Bill »as resumed in tho Legislativo Council. Mr Garland contended that the bill would restrict commercial enterprise and prevent Industrial development. According to Mr. Dooley, thore Is some doubt as to whether the Government will proceed Viith its house-building policy. The commission on the statements made in i letter from J. J. Talbot as to his payment of f 500 to the Labour party's funds, sat again jeslerday. Mrs. Georgeson gave evidence. She had no dealings, she said, with Messrs. Bailey, Dooley, Mutch, or Johnston. In April Talbot told her he had given £500 to the Labour party. She said she would lave nothing to do with it. A, W. E. Weaver, solicitor, »aid that not one farthing had been improperly paid out of Georgeson'B account. Mrs. Georgeson said she never made any compact with anybody to give money to stop the wheat Inquiry. The decision of the A.L.P. to select the La tor candidate for the Lord Mayoralty is resented by Labour aldermn. , Nominations from aldermen closed with the Eoneral secretary of tho A.L.I'. yesterday. The names wero not disclosed. J U Is understood, however, that Aldermen w. Lambert, Fitzgerald ¿present Lord Mayor), Bramston, and Bridges were nominated. H is considered probable In union and La Mur circles that the executive will endorse ti* candidature of Alderman Lambert. Bvidence was given before the Federal Pub He Works Committee at the inquiry Into the Woden ships Burnside and Braeside. Captain F. J, Murchison, who was employed ni the building of the Braeside, said no sailor would take her to sea. ,?$,* íírd May0«1 criticised th« opposition « Sr Allen Taylor to the Electricity Amend «wat Bill in tho Legislative Council. '"Frankly, I cannot understand Sir Allen «"wa attitude," he said yesterday, "and I eonslder it is unfair to the City Council." .At a meeting of V.A.Ds. it was stated that jne Government was considering a scheme for weir recognition by the Defence Department m battalion or brigade areas. i. Lady Cook congratulated the V.A.DB. on weir work, and appealed to them to keen their «tachments up to full strength. Mr. J. o Fairfax stated that men of the imperial Army In New South Wales who re- quired Ucd cioss help were treated exactly Ulf thev wore men of the A.I.F. , An application for an interim Injunction gainst tun general secretary of the Federated ?eamen's Union was before the High Court. An order was applied for directing Thomas walsh to dplher up possession of the union «sees and bookB In the Trades Hall. The hearing of the application was ad JMfned till Monday, both parties in the .".«ntime to have access to" the offices. I The power of the A. W.U. officials to refuse «?application for membership was involved ? a case before the Equity Court yesterday. .!TMLIDlil}?trial Court dismissed the appeal .»»ii. |t.ailw!ly Permanent Way Association .«ainet tho award mado by Judge Rolln. CeTohrLfiH^,c,ol¡ntr"counc11 meeting of the St »oí» VauTday."1 b° hoW * the R°Ckdale 'tt«8 Ch Goverat"- ot Queensland, Sir Mat wtlcom, "n Ï', was acc°racrt an enthustaBtio ,Mao on his arrival In Brisbane. ¡Konten.- ï? ,Va1, was hoW by «ia Old New ".»Wans Union at Farmer's last night. I fc"heVí!t<ir8tatí S>tea"iers we likely to »Men t>,«DJls.tho resuIt ot the «spute be-, «.entne marino engineers and the seamen. | ?5i2?8(î;"^Ioudjr wlth sonj8 scattered ¡TT» m the north-eastern districts, else-1 ÄL25.Änd warm to uot- ^tth. noxtherlr ^^.."»U» «a to« Bouth CoMt ""-"»I 