0»f7E0 KINGDOM AND FOREIGN^ The Ital an Chamber of Deputies, bv. 325 votes to 1 the treat? with Jugo- Slavia. Tho Government of Greece has fixed 5th December for the plebiscite on ex King Constantine's return. ?The Polish troops are evacuating the Prlp.ee districts, consequent on the Soviet's protests, and.the peace delib erations have accordingly been-resumed here. A* conference at Gottenburg of Nor wegian,* Swedish, and Danish steamship companies has 'resolved to resume the African-Australian line of services to the full extent in operation before ths war. Ex-King Constantine's' brothers, Christopher and Andrew, had an en thusiastic reception on their arrival at Corfu, the town being decorated with flags, flowers, and olive branches. The Union Steamship Corapa*" of New Zealand has purchased the ex-German steamers Cleor/atra, 1,215 tons. Xnnzani, ti,816 tons, and Hilde-Hugo, Stlnnes, 1,86? tons. Harland and Wolff have launched at their Belfast shipyards the liner Bara ditxe for the P. and 0. Steam Navigation Co., the vessel being intended , for the Australian service. ' The Prime Minister (M.Leygues) de clares that France cannot permit ex King Constantine to return to Greece as to do so would enable Germany to re- cstabltsh her power in tho east. Lieutenants Parer and M'lntosh have .been awarded the Air Force-Cross, in recognition of the valuable services the>\ rendered to aviation by their flight to Australia. ' The steamer Eahia Castillo will sail for Australia, via Panama, on 4th December, with. 500 AJLF. officers and men, with their wives and fiancees. The vessel will also have on board 60 naval officers' and men. . A message from Berlin states that the Government contradicts the reports from New York that the United States is granting Germany . 400.000,000-dollars (£SO,OOQ.OOO) credit for "foods and'raw material. . . , Lettonia and Lithuania have formed a defensive alliance, and probably Bsthonia will : join "them. : Lettonia has ' intimated that it will assist Lithuania if General Zeligowski at tacks Kovno. _ . " It is currently reported that, Lord Carmichael, who has been Governor of Victoria (Australia). -Madras, and Bengal^ has been appointed Viceroy of India, and that an official announce ment to 'this effect is imminent. The condition of the ex-Kaiserin, who has been ill for some time, is serious. It is reported that, all her children have gathered at the bedside, and that a former court chaplain has been summoned from Berlin by tele graph. ' Steamers bound for Australia . are taking their departure with very short cargoes, in consequence of the ex change difficulty. One liner has left with only 1,000 tons of cargo on board, and another took only 1,500 tons. In each case the owners expected that about 3,500 tons would be carried. The conference of the London Labour party, represented 364,420 members, an increase of 170 per cent since 1914; On the question of tho. rejection of the Communist party's application for. affiliation,- Mr. Morrison, 'the secre tary, ,remarked that the. movement in London was going to be run by Lon don, not by Moscow. Senator Knox has announced his inten tion of introducing bis resolution, /or a separate peace with Germany, as soon as Congress is convened on 6th December. He. believes that the . election result altered the views of some of the demo .raiic Senators who would now vote for overriding President Wilton's ' vetoing of the resolution. "Mr. Fisher's term of office as High Commissioner for Australia has been extended for three months, and he has been granted leave of absence, on full pay from January to April, during which time Senator MUlen will probably administer . Australia House in the capacity , of resident Minister. An explosion of a dump of bigs shells at Vergato, 18 milesJ south-west of Bologna, wrecked five villages and broke the windows of buildings in Milan, 30 miles distant Twenty per sons were killed and^many, others in jured A report from Moscow states that the . Bolshevik commander on the Turkestan front has ordered troops to proceed to positions.on the Afghan and Indian frontier.- Tlie ; "Krasmaja Gazette" comments that this ought to bring the British Government to Its senses. 1 ' The Russian Soviet has suspended the peace negotiation# with Poland on the ground that the Poles havo not withdraw- their troops to the Pripet demarcation line, and the ' Soviet re presentative at Kovno has informed Lithuania that the Bolsheviks will be obliged toreoccupy Vilna. . Air. John. D. Rockefeller lite millionaire, has siren approximately 6.1,000,000 dol lars (£12,800,000) for the benefit of charities and public institutions, chiefly benefiting women and children. The gift, which is in his wife's memory,-brings his total ben:factions to 165,000,000 dollar* (£03,000,000). The "Sunday Express," in a lone article, narrates bow, at the instance of the Secretary of State for the Colonies (Lord Alilner). Marshal Foch was chosen on 2Gth March, l9iS, as the supreme commander on the -western iront, after a protracted discussion n4- tHc most momcn. tous gather of 11m v.a: ia London. Japan's army estimates for the forth coming year total 245,000,000 yen (ap proximately £24,500,000), representing 50 per cent increase over last year. Forty million' yen (£4,000,000) will be ex pended upon new defence schemes. Service in the cavalry branch of the ! army will be reduced from three - to j two-years. . j The Crowd Prince of Germany wishes i to leave the tedious Dutch country, ? with its cows and flat-footed inhabit- I ants. He hopes that cousin Rupprecht , will soon ascend the -Bavarian throne, ! and ho be thus enabled to join him j in Bavaria.' .. ? The Duke of Westminster, who a 1 short time back was divorced by the , Duchess of Westminster, was married at a registry office in Buckingham , Palace road, London, to Mrs. Violet Rowley, 28 years of age, daughter of > Sir William Nelson, of the Nelson steamship line, who secured a divorce i from her husband iri November last. An court of inquiry at Tokio has discovered that an attempt to assass inate the Prime Minister (Mr. Hara) was recently planned by a former artillery, man named Ito, who, when about to cast the bombs at Mr. Hara, i was accidentally knocked down by a motor car. Admiral Sir Percy Scott, in the course i .of a speech in London, said that dtrine the German rout at Jutland a swarm of destroyers quitted Harwic.1 to administer j the coup de grace to the .enemy fleet, ! but thsy were recalled by an Admiralty | wireless message. Th:s , wa? a t?rribls : crime. Somebody hid blundered, but it j was not Admrral, Jeilicoe. Tho Washington correspondent of the "New York Times" says that ad vices which have been received by th-a State Department indicates that tho Bolshevist regime wields ' sovereign power in Armenia, and that the Rus sian Bolshevik Government has'de manded" that the Turkish Nationalists shall stop their invasion of Armenia. ? The Secretary of State for the Colonies (Lord Milner) has appointed Mr. Alwin Dickinson as British Commissioner at Nauru Island. Mr. Dickinson was for- merly a director of the Pacific Phosphate Company. The Victorian Immigration Department is despatching 112 immigrants by the steamer Miltiades and 60 by the Orsova. Of these 132 are ex-service men and their dependents. ." The new trans-Atlantic liner j Alphonso X1IT., 14,000 tons, has been; destroyed by fire. The disaster isj attributed to syndicalists and 150 ! workmen have been detained. | The French Prime Minister (M/ Ley. | pies) has Placed a wreath on the Cem> taph at Whitehall in memory o; fallsa I Brtish soldiers.. He alsa vis.ted tta 'ferave ot the unknown-warrior at . West minster Abbey. Mr. Lowell, an American gco'orist. whr. was prospecting in. a wild'part of British Baluchistan, was. murdered ' on Nov. 24, in the Boraland district, with a Hindu interpreter, bv five men who arc said to be Patens. The bodies of the murdered men have been recovered, and a chase after the murderers has commenced into the mountains. A wireless message from Moscow st^.tss that Soviet troops defeated- Genoral Petlura's rearguard, capturing Yolochus.-c. Many prisoners and machine guns ' were taken, together with . three . armoured trains. The last remnants of General Petlura's Ukrainian troops crossed the Pol'sh frontier, where they were dis armed. * The , Washington correspondent cf the "New York Times" savs that the Ameri can Federation of Labour has declared that-there are more than 2,000,000 un employed in the United States, at pre sent, and that the Federation is accord ingly .urging. above all other business before Congress, that a bill be passed to totally prohibit immigration for a | fixed period, probably a year. A French mine which was washed I ashore at Sandgate, on the south coast | of Kent, exploded, killing two coast guards. The district for miles around was shaken. Houses and.shops in the 1 vicinity were damaged to tho extent of j several thousands of pounds, and they 1 presented an appearance similar to that of. Folkestone after the German air-raid. Roofs were stripped, and i windows and doors demolished. No others -were injured. Sir Thomas Smartt, -who is head o£ the Unionist party, appeals m festo to all members of the Partyto join the new organisation and unrc servedly support General Smuts. A message from Tangiers states that a huge waterspout broke over tlia^ town causing floods, and the collapse ofbuildings. Several persons were drowned. A social revolutionary plot in Mos^ cow against the Soviet had been be-- . trayed by a well known woman dancer, named Hoeltzer, who was afterwards found strangled. The Soviet authori 1 ties immediately shot' 60 persons who were implicated^in tlie-plot American-business interests are arsing the Government to loUow the Bntisn evamnle and prepare tie way for a ik sumption of.trada .with, Bolstevik Russia, The plea is bemp made on tie ground that the British will obtain control ot the Russian markets and sources of sup ply to the prejudice of Americans. The sum of £230.000 is beitts raiJwl lor the extension ot the Prince of Wales Hospital, as a-Personal tribute from tha whole of the Empir.e. ..to the Prince on the completion oi his overseas mission. ' The newspapers announce that a Greet delegation will proceed to lucerne, toflifecrland, after the Pulsate tas Jr.. +5,kcn (or thn purpose of brin^ii^ baT ex-King CcnstaStiiSc, whos. SUto . Sn- hi to Athens is fixed lor 12th De cember. Mr. Alexander Ross Hume, who com menced divorce proceeding; at Edinjju. siu STnamed the Earl ol Wilton as Core spondent, has been granted . a divorce on ttaeround ot his wife's misconduct with the Earl of Wilton, when stayine with he? Brother. Mr. Rohert Siever, iuu. The wife's, letter, which was read, said. . .'Wilton ran away and .leu me to iac publicity alone. 1 tfcen realised my ghastly mistake." A wireless message £rom M°3co" states that the Supreme Economic Soviet has issued a decree P6T1"'".! foreign capitalists to worK Russias natural riches, with the right to ex port a portion of their products. TtJ0 Government promises tbc ^ap talists that the Investments in their under takings shall not be r.at.onaUsca con fiscated, or requisitioned, and thej may engage workers in Soviet Russia in ? accordance with existing labour laws. The "Evening Standard" says that Archbishop Mannix still is acting as_a Sinn Fein propagandist in X^ncashlre. More reprehensible action by a sup posed authoritative dignitarj of the Roman Catholic Church cannot be imagined. It is a great pit> that the church cannot stop his mischievous talk. Archbishop Mannix should emu late the Archbishop of Tuam, who isa strong Home Ruler but is making an effort on behalf of peace. / Consternation has been caused at Teheran bv the British Ministers note to the Persian Parliament, stating that tho British Government expects that unless it .meets within a month to ratitv or otherwise the agreement the British i troops will be withdrawn as soon as the climatic conditions permit, onjne to the demand .in Ensland for a comratments in the east. The Minister therefore, urees the-formation of local levies resist the Bolshevik invaders. Advice from Farso (Xorth Dakota) show that the refusal , of the fanne^ ~ to sell their grain, in pursuance of their attempt to increase the price to three doS (12s. Cd.) per bushel has' caused nine banks to close davs The institutions had granted the farmers heavy credits and they could not realise on the loans when the grain remained unso.u. The top of the Calcaire Pyramid, which is' the summit of Mont Blanc, became detached, causing a formidable avatenohe. Huge masses of rock and snow, swept down Ore Brenta Glacier; earrvinK away fir forests, and then, plunged down the Boire "V alley,, stop** ping at the outskirts of OreedupouiM. toud,-an.Italian township. No persons were injured. . _ .. , Lieutenant C. Moseley.. ot the United States Armv. won the an; race for the. Pulitzer trophy, completing 13- miles over a triansular course. ( finishmR at Mineola. Lone Island, m -U min». 2M( sees. He attained a spejd of 191-iiiiks. ah hour, fly TOR in ' an American ^errilto a"roplane. Forty-four machines ot Am; Ericas English, French, Italian, and German mates completed. Britvsk Sopwith machine was forced to descend. T.enrninsr that Queensland was ig< norld in tho AlnTof the Prince of Wales's tour, the Asent-General CMr. T M Hunter) communicated with tno comply controlling the rights of^the films, who indicated their f^ EiSSh trt rprnpdv the oversight for ijngusn consumption. Capwm Barker toofe comprehensive views of the Australian ceremonies, and the compan} is taking at the'lnstance of the press Association that these should bS included in the filni^ ._ 