SUMMARY. . Were Gerniaji Uprlalng— " Qoncral Communist rlsinga hroughout Ger many have been planned. Stenls wore to have he«n frivsn simul taneously at Mannheim and Stuttgart. Paris newspapers contend that Russian Bol sheviks organised the new revolution. Warrants have been Issued for the arrest of Dr. Kapp and other leaders. Ten thousand German troops penetrated the Ruhr Basin, iosldo tho neutral zone. Cable A>w»— Tho Princo of Wales has arrived at Cbioni and was officially vlsltod l.y the President ol Tanama. The Renown Is In tho Culebra Cut, Panama Canal, which, until a few days ago was blocked by a landslide. t The United States Peaes resolution autho rises an embargo on Germany if the terms are not accepted within 90 days. Many Democrats and Republicans hold that Congress has not tho power to take such action. Prestdont Wilson, on the Turkish situation. averB that tho Straits question should not ba Anally settled without Russia's consent. Jt Is. contended. (hat Turkey should rslinqulsb poivpit In Mesopotamia;-; Arabia;. Palestine, and Syria./' ' The Note to tho Allies declares that Armenia should bo Independent, and have access to the sea. \- It Is assorted that recent murders In Ireland, attributed to Sinn Felncrs. have boen commit ted by titrod assassins. . j \- Two men wero shot dead st Thurlea. Threo murders have been committed. In. Tlppe'rary within threo days. - Placards throughout Southern Ireland advo cate tho suppression of the Royal Irish Con-' stabulary. It has been shown that It was Impossible for tho pollco to have participated In tho assassi nation of tho Lord Mayor of Cork. M. Mtllcrand declares that France will not ho cheated. Tbero must bo an effectual Ger man disarmament; ' \- Fngllsh minora are to decide by ballot the question of. n ' general stoppage to enforce tho Federation's olalmB. Tho new offer of tho men will, 11 Is esti mated. cost botweon £35,000,000 and £38,000,000 annually. A Singapore message reports tho arrival of Captain Matthews at Bangkok. The Danish Employers' Federation has decided on a general lock-out, owing to the workers' continuous demands for increases' In wages. As a protest against the crowning of Emir Folsul as King of Syria, a republic has been proclaimed In Lebanon. British shipowners assort that: the congestion nt the docks is duo to the inability of the rail ways to handle tho traffic. Tho Polish Government announces willing ness to negotiate with the Bolsheviks. Sir George Hunter states that concrete ships are a failure, and their construction is being abandoned. The army rank of brlgadlor-gonoral is to bo substituted by that of colonel-commandant 'and colonel-on-thc-staff. At tho sales of Australian wool at Antwerp 21,000 bales were sold. Mr. Hoover, United. States Food Controller, has accepted the Republican nomination for the Presidency. Genernl— Tho defeat ot Mr: Zulll, M.L.A.V for Byron, fn the EJtat'.' Olectlons. gave the Labor Party an- . otheflkcat; - ' This w'i 11 -probably gtve both Laborand, anti- Labor 45 seatB.. '-' 7 ' ; Mr. R. D. Meagher has been defeated for the Sydney electorate. It is reported tharc Is no likelihood of tho Premier seeking Immodlato election to tho Legislative Assembly. The steamer Our Elsie struck tha training wall while entering Camden Haven yesterday. The official opening ceremony of the Royal JuhtKp Show was performed by tho Governor yesterday afternoon. Trotting and hunting events were contested during the day, and at night a display! waa given by 5000 school children. I Tlic Federal Government Intends to Inquire j Into the question of tho insurance of workets j against unemployment and sickness. Last month's revenue for New South Wales showed an Incrcasp of £5G7.3St>, as compared with that for March last year. The Home and Territories Department has re fused to grant Mr. Georgeson a passport to Now Zealand. A floating mine was found by a fisherman off Botany Head., and towpjl ashore. Tbo Federal Government will refund threo- fourths of the £900 worth ot gold seized (rout flvo Indians. Paymont will bo made in notes. Several retailers were fined yesterday for falling to supply sugar on domand, and selling commodities above the proclaimed price. Two properties In Pitt Street", between Mar- kot and Park Streets, have been sold for £33,500 cash. Awards In connection with tho Town Hall Baby Weok Exhibition will be made this after noon. Yesterday 173 babies were Judged. Tho stranded steamer Mnlsnbar, at the en trance to the Macleay River, will probably no refloated during tho week-end. The question of port control was yesterday diBCUseed -by the Inter- Stato Conference of harbor authorities. Investments were firm yesterday, when tho Syducy Stock Etcchango closed for tho Eastor holidays. Surplus supplies of butter and cheese wore to baud In the Sussex Streot markets, but pro claimed prices were realised. Wcnther Forecast— "Flue and warm to hot genorally, with north winds. "Further showers on the North Coast, with saually east to south- east winds and disturbed sous." FRUIT CARGO DUMPED. The A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Lovuka pro ceeded to sea yesterday, to jettison a portion of her fruit cargo, w-hlcb iiad boon condemned. Slio will roturn to-day. ADELAIDE SHOW, The March show of the Agricultural -Society at Adelaide was a great success financially. Tho society is to build a grandstand to scat tiOOO people at tho new ground at Wayville. BURWOOD MEMORIAL. A meeting hold at Uurwood, and presided ovor by tho Mnyor (Aid. Reed), was addressed by Mr. John Sulman, the president of tho War Memoriul Advisory Hoard. It was decided to perpotuate the memory of thoso who onllstcd from tho municipality by the erection of a memorial, to take tho form of a soldiers' club and hnll. A committoo was appointed to report upuu tha question of a site. THE OLYMPIC GAMES. The women swimmors of New South Wales have opened a fund to provide for the sending of a team of Australian womon swimmers to compcto nt tho Olympic Gumos, to be held at Antwerp noxt August. Tho treasurer of this fund has received a donation of £13 10s from tho staff and pupils or tha Fort Street Girls High School. Mrs. Chambers, 61 King Street, City, will receive donations to this fund from girls' schools Interested In swimming and sport geucrnlly. NEW SETTLERS WANTED The salvation of Australia, declared Mr. Ai» tl.ur Ricknrd, nt tho Ad-Men's Institute yes- tordny, dopendod on a liberal Immigration policy. It was impossible that Australia could continue to bo occupied effectively by a hand ful of people. Proper organisation waa needed to son tlial newcomers were absorbed In >vo- mios that would respond best to' Increased pro duction. Every newcomer moant mors work tn the community, more raonoy to spend, highor wages, and, by reason of more production, a lower eost ot living, with a lighter burden ot taxation. — 