1 notes and gomment $ I The Diggers now call the gratuities ¡ "the bonds of matrimony." . . . "I won't do it without the electors having been consulted." said Premier Bardwell in refusing members ot the South Australian Legislature the op- portunity to raise their salaries. Ha! ha! -The Federal grabbers have spoilt the game. . . . The Hun-made oligarchy in Petro- grad must be feeling their thrones very" rocky just now. We should not be sur- ? prised if Lenin and Trotsky are not fugitives before long. The wish of course may be father to. the thought, but it will take a lot of German money to save the precious pair of impostors. . . . "Sharp sentences have been passed upon' merchants of the Halles (Paris central markets) found guilty of try- ing to keep up prices by countermand- ing orders from the provinces. The penalties ranged from six months' gaol to fines of £130 downwards, and the profiteers are to have their sentences posted up in the Halles and their own shops." Are you listening, Perth pro- fiteers? Not at all, because Jimmy Micawber bas never passed a little Bill to put the acid on the foreign fruit and fish rings. . . . Good old Paddy Lynch is the truest Irishman that we know. He trips up a "bull" with characteristic naivete . rand irresistible joy to his many ad- mirers. The other day, in the Senate, ?> he declared "that New South Wales on this occasion was not going to depart from her traditional role of a benevo- lent Mother State, or, as I sometimes call her, the Mother-in-law State, and, of course, fathering everything." Sena- tor Millen: "That is very Irish!" Sena- tor Lynch: "I should nay mothering everything." . . ? "Texas" Green. M.L.A., has been lecturing on "China of To-day." The lecturer, -vide the "Worker" report, described the Chinese as "a loveable race," and stated that "Europeans, after some years residence in China, often lose any desire to return to their own land." If Australians are liable to be affected similarly tbere are some peo- ple who may feel a passing regret that Texas' own trip to the Flowery Land was merely a flying one. Incidentally, 'one wonders what the "Worker" would say of any politician on the other side of the House who advanced the pro- position - that Chinese were loveable. . . . The coming visit of the English cric- ket team reminds one' that the dividing line between Home amateurs and pro- fessionals,- though still in some re- spects a rigid one, is nothing to what it was when county cricket was in its infancy. A veteran who has been offi- cial scorer for Notts for fifty years has recently been giving some reminis- cences on this head in the English press. He tells that, when he began his recording work, the "gentlemen" filed into lunch at the interval, while the ' "pros," sitting in any convenient spot, /'devoured bread and cheese and sub- sequently smoked long churchwarden pipes." A curious picture of the social amenities of the English cricket field in 1870. . . John Ewing succeeds J. F. Allen,-who lost his seat last May,-ats Chairman of Committees in the Legislative Coun- cil. The defeated candidate was" Kir- wan, who possibly paid the "penalty of being away in Canada on the Im- perial Press Conference. The "Worker" exults over Kirwan's set-back, evi- dently regarding the-most uncomprom- ising anti-Laborite as - preferable tc a man who was once so "all - but Labor" as to enable him to be. dubbed affectionately "Jack." The chairman- ship being the stepping-stone to the Presidency and knighthood. Kirwan may be feeling sorry that he went-tc Canada. Or that he ever coquetted with Labor to secure Its transient re- gard and its permanent animosity. . . . "English Review." of May; 1820, pub- lishes some correspondence seized ir Von Papen's despatch box in Palestine and among many. otheg. interestini things is a letter , from .|Vos3S,aaäiä one-time boss. Count Bertsteîn, datée from Rye, New York St^ie, August 26 1916, in which the following occurs: The connection in New Tort with the Irish-Indian revolution- aries has been maintained since th« departure of Von Papen by Von Ige or-Von Skat Herr Von S kal keeps in touel with the Irish, for which he is pe- culiarly fitted, owing to his wid< acquaintance in these circles, and as before, enjoys their confidence. * After that who can deny that Germai gold is at the back of the Irish trou- bles? The Leader of the Opposition has given notice of his intention to intro- duce a Bill establishing adult suffrage for the Legislative Council. A back- hand attempt to abolish the Council. ; . . . Whenever you see "squirt" journals whooping for Lenin's Soviet, spewing up "gnashinal" piffle, and throwing verbal mud at everything British, you can bet your last thrum that German \- money is the principal component of the newspaper pimp's poison gas. . . . Messrs. G. Foley and S. Mansie have been appointed Deputy-Chairmen of Committees in the Legislative Assem- bly. George will be very punctilious in calling Sid. to order, and Sid. will be rigidly academic in pulling George up. They will be like the two marooned strangers on a lonely island. . . . *"Bhe Commonwealth could best dis- charge its obligations towards this State by setting apart one of its loans -say, £ 10,000,000-for immigration purposes."-Mr. R, T. Robinson. Pos- sibly it could, but there will be "two Sundays in a week" (to quote a phrase employed in another connection recent- ly) before the Commonwealth is likely to view it that way. And half-a-dozen bridges over the Swan River beside. . ' . . "Hypnotism for therapeutical pur- poses was countenanced and practised in France," said the president of the Australasian Medical Congress the other day, "but British practitioners generally looked upon it with disfavor as partaking of charlatanism." It might be added that hypnotism as an excuse for crime has also been success- fully pleaded in French, but never in English, law courts. British lawyers are more conservative even than Brit- ish doctors. . . . Much as thc Labor press hates Hughes, it is apparently none too keen about being depicted as arm-in arm with the individual who has set himself up as Hughes' principal antag- onist. "The attention being given to the person and speech of Dr. Mannix," says the "Worker," "is altogether out of proportion ftto the importance of the Archbishop and his utterances." An overwhelming number of people will for once agree with the "Worker," which bas thus officially declared La- bor's opinion of Shin Fane. . * * A commercial cable from London says that butter 'supplies are short. The British Government, it is added, is in negotiation to purchase the Dan- ish output, but "Germany and America are offering prices considerably above our bids." So that, although Fritz owes some thousands of millions to the Allies which he can't or won't pay, he is still in a position to out-bid John Bull for Danish. butter. It is items like these that make one sceptical about the magnificent achievements of the Peace Treaty of Versailles. . . . "It was a mournful spectacle to see with what little respect the average citizen regarded a member of Parlia- ment to-day. There seemed to be nothing that could rouse the people in the direction of confidence in Par- liament."-Thus Tommy Walker, witto tears in his voice, during the debate on the Address-in-Reply. Sad, isn't it? The higher Parliament values its services the lower it falls in the es- timation of the public. How would it be to. try a decrease of salaries for a change? It might cause Walker's "average citizen" to revise his views. . . . Rocke, the member for South Fre- mantle, complains of having had his pot put on by irregularities in the La- bor selection ballot. Which reminds one that the seat was won in 1917 bj dubious methods on the part of th« gentleman who is now doing thc squealing. The sitting member (Bol- ton) was at the front. Labor hesitater to run a direct candidate against bim but it was quite willing to use Rock« as a catspaw to pull the chestnuts ont of the fire for it. And as a catspaw he conscntfed*=-to be used. It was a dirty, business: Kow that Rocke haï served bis purpose; he is apparently tc be-discarded. ? . . . Foreshadowed that Millen, not Hughes, will label his luggage "Gen- eva," and depart to represent Austra- lia at the initial meeting of the Leagut of Nations. Why not? The Prim< Minister owes it to Australia not to gx .cavorting to Europe on every possibfc opportunity. William Watt would most likely have had the job if he hadn't re- sented being hampered and dictated U from headquarters in his London mis- sion. But William is on his way bad to Australia with a bone to pick wit! his erstwhile chief. If Millen goes to .Geneva it is to be hoped, at all events that he will go with full powers ant not as a mere conduit-pipe for Mel- bourne instructors. Hughes bimset would have submitted to no such re frictions at Versailles. . . ' ? When Sir Conan Doyle, the ne* apostle of spiritualism, arrives in Aus- tralia will he resent references ti "Sherlock Holmes'* as detracting fron the impassioned seriousness of hu -newest and latest role? More iikel; than not; best .forget "Sherlock," yoi mayors and people who will be cast- ing round for (something complimen- tary to say to the visitor that suggest) acquaintance with his work. Sil Rider Haggard, who has given u{ gorgeous fiction to become an agri- cultural authority, got quite mad at i Perth three-per-centing function whei some tactless host made an effusivi allusion to "King Solomon's Mines.' Anybody, who falls into the same erro; by reminding Doyle of "Sherlock* won't be able to say that he hasn'i been warned. . . . The University is being "starved ou of all hope of proper efficiency" (test Professor Murdoch), but Sir Ed war« Wittenoom is still convinced that th Government is spending too mud money on education. "We could easil: save £100,000 a year," asserts th sternly utilitarian grandson of W.A.' first chaplain. And at what cost? Con fining education to the three R's Everyone can't go into the country am till the soil or raise stock, as Sir Ne« would apparently have them do, an« even if they could technical educatíoi and science are becoming handmaid of practical industries in every pro gressive country in the world. In som respects ' the oldest of our ex-Agents General, with all his practical know ledge and wide experience, is full hal a century behind his time. . .. . Looks as if the Poles had kept -punch for the Bolsheviks, and an un commonly effective one. Lloyd Georg predicted something of the sort in th House of Commons long before the Re armies were within striking distanc of Warsaw, but the wish bas too of te been father to the thought with th British Prime Minister for his audtenc to pay much attention to his militar prophecies. Will Marshall Pilsudsl yet go down to posterity as a front rank figure, if not of the Great War < its aftermath? Will Freedom yet hut rah as loudly over his triumph, whe things looked blackest for his countr: as it shrieked when Kosciusko fell It's all possible, but the Polish '«îelin towards Britain is not likely to be s cordial as towards France. ?' The prc Hun-Soviet Laborites have much -1 answer for. . 3 . On the goldfields the other day- man was charged with having sold i Gunces of gold to a bank under a fais name. He also registered it as :)ein the product of a claim that had nn « istence. "But," said his lawyer, plea«: ing for a light penalty, "there was m suggestion that the gold was siolei There wasn't even any evidence of at gold being missing." No doubt a law yer has to say something, but it : rarely one encounters a more humai aus plea than the implication th: when no mineowner can swear that 1 has lost any gold none is likely to h ai been illicitly obtained by anybody. Wi much gold actually "missed" on the Go den Mile when Warden Finnerty coi .lided those impressions to Journal! Scantlebury that resulted in the "Grei Gold Leak Commission?" If no go could be stolen except what were mis: ed, .lhere would be precious little ne< forXG.B. laws. 