GENERAL BOOTH. PREACHER OF DOCTRINE OF WORK. INTERNATIONALISATION OF SALVATION ARMY. AN INFORMATIVE INTERVIEW. A tall, white-haired man emerged from tho Melbourne express on Saturday morning, and Immediately from thousands of throats and several score of muslcnl instruments there went up a great noise. It wag tho greeting of General Bramwell Booth, chief of that Army that has so en hanced Its repute during the war, by tho Sal vationists of Sydney — aye, of New South Wales, for they came from all quarters. Tbore were veterans old in tho sorvice, youths nnd mai dens just entering upon it. But all of them wildly enthusiastic at the arrival in this out post of Empire of tholr second great clilof, son of the founder of SnK'atlonlsm. General Booth was accompanied by Commis sioners Kitchlng, Lamb, and Lawley, and his son, Adjutant Bernard Booth, comprising his touring staff, and Commissioner Hay and Ills wife, tho chiefs of tho Army in Australia. He was greeted by somo 300 officers, headed by Lieutenant-Colonel (Chaplain) Mackcnzlo, M.C. A Man of Power. Tho cheering, band-playing, and varied shouts of welcome made it almost impossible to hear tho few minutes' speech of General Booth at the railway station. But later, in an interview with tho press, ho disclosed himself to be a fluent, vigoroup speaker, for all the big quiet of his demeanor, and ono with a pretty turn of wit, not averse to using a near-argot phrase when such would servo the better to express his thought. General Booth talked with hiB listeners for an hour or more, nnd loft them marvelling at tho expansivencss of his outlook aud his phenomenal memory for details of the organi sation, from Czccho-SloYakln to China, and through the clrclo of tho globo. First, as to tho Army's progress during the last seven years, he declared that it lias been in greater ratio to tho increase relatively of the whole, notwithstanding the war. and the losses sustained by Salvationists therein. "For ourselves," ho said, "It Is a thought that, while the war has militated against our de velopment, it has not materially impeded pro gress upon the lines already laid 'down. I havo a great ambition to iraprovo tho train ing nnd facilities of officers for Army work. The future of the Salvation Army deponds in a very great degree upon the character of its officers, for, In that sonso, it is from top to bottom a one- man organisation — not of tlie autocratic one-man idea, for wo aro not auto cratic, but naternal. Our form of government is a mosaic. But our leaderB are itntrammollod nnd tbey are responsible. PvKi nf II# "Our Increase in many countries lias been groat. In the Eastern world — China, India, tbo Dutch Indies, and Japan— we have more than doubled our organisation. But there is an un limited field there In tho older countries we have suffered from the war. W'e havo lost some splendid men, many of them being killed. But we have gained converts made by our workers In the different armies, and though comparatively they are still but raw material they arc developing gradually and will take the place of disciplined and trained men. In neu tral countries wo have gained considerably without exception, though possibly less In Hol land than in Scandinavia. We have', too, dono fairly well here in Australia, Commissioner Hay showing advances in every department. In Germany we havo suffered losses, but loss than we expected. We havo closed some of our corps there; for example, reducing those In Berlin from 35 to 29. A good many of our officers went to fight because tlio Germans made no distinction. But they kept them to non-combatant service, in recognition of our spirit and work. Our women there did splendidly. Germany Is suffering very se verely, but in parts .wo havo corps that have immensely prospered, as at Konig&berg;, where we have doubled our members, and at Breslau, where there is quite a revival. I have known Germany for 20 years, and I hold the view that at the outset the population as a whole did noL want, war. But when they got a good smack on tho head and realised the possibility of los ing Ujoro was a change nnd a rallying to tho standard. That was to, be expected. Finan cially wo did well in Germany in tho war period, paying off debts and opening new social institutions In Berlin, Hamburg, Stettin, nnd other places. "We opened up in Burmah, China, Russia, and Czecho-SIovakia. In China wo have some GO Westerners working nnd 50 cadets. Wo have only been there two years, yet our people have made extraordinary progress with tho lan guage. And the Chinese call us not foreign devils, but foreign nngcls. Only the other day the President of the Chinese Republic sent to us 1000 dollars as Bhowing the Chlncso official approval, "Of course," the General added with a whim sical twinkle, "we havo our difficulties with converts. Take the marriage question. A con vert has three or four wives, say. If you say lo him you can only keep one, It isn't Chris tianity to turn the other three out on the street. Then, of courso, thoro might bo tho difficulty about which ono. However, I have been offered £10,000 to establish an Institution for such wives, though at present I havo not 1 accepted it, because it won't go very far. I understand you have some rich Chinese hero who might givo us the required help. We havo there a wonderful opportunity for social work, the Government bnving asked us to take charge of beggars, and to begin with 20,000 of them. They offer us land and money. AH we want Is officers. I tako all this as an indication of the rising sentiment towards us that in future will bear fruit. Then Came Bolshevism. I "RusBia is a problem to us, though, in the Keronsky period, wo made a great move thorfc, establishing within six months seven corps In Petrograd, throe at Moscow and elsewhere, and were well backed by wealthy Russians. Wo «aii;iiucu Diuiu " VI a U1IVI UIU uaiuuiinuillUUl OI orphanages. Then came tho Bolshevist re volution, nnd after a timo they took over our orphanages and refused to allow us to do anything for them. They rationed us. and out us down. I had to withdraw all foreign ers except a few Finns. Some of our pooplo were killed nnd tortured because tliey re fused to abandon Christ. Others, escaped freo bccauso they wore Salvationists. There were all sorts of contradictions. Bolshevists would not allow any religious concern in Petrograd to open, yot permitted. a Salvation Army build ing to be UBOd ns a place of public worship, nnd flnallv, when we could not get money In through the Danish and Swedish Governments, In my despair I turned to tho Bolshovlsts, nnd they agrood to carry our money to our people. They did It. "Czocho-Slovakla is extremely friendly' to wards ns. The country helps us with money and property, and has given free passes to our -workers over tliolr railways, a fine build ing In tho main street of Prague for head- ouarters. and an old nunnery as a rescue home. Wo have there a training college, with 30 stu- donts. The man In charge Is a Swede. Twenty years ago our officers were British, with few exceptions. Now we hnvo lenders of overy nationality in the highest ponitinns. Wo are in this sense a growingly international move ment. Tackling the East. . "If you ask mo whut I am looking forward to, I should say It Is tho etxenslon of our work in the Eastern world. Tho opportunities before me are really very remarkable. During last year, for example, I liavo been asked to take 2000 more lepers by the Dutch East Indian Government. Finnnce Is no difficulty. I want men and women workers.- Though the work In tho main Is philanthropic, wo muke It religious, too, since experience has shown that through its influoneo those poor people, with tholr bands and societies, are happy, though afflictod, whorcua before they were wretched. "India, too, presents an onornlous field. Thoy say they can placo 1000 .wlilto officers thoro if we can supply them within two yeara. The people aro receiving us well. In Ceylon I ad dressed a great body of Buddhists, and my messago was received with the greatest re spect, with sympathy, nnd with acclamation. There Is an opening of tho Eastern mind, and though the coinmonaty stands aghast at the European happenings, and sayB, 'Is tills tho outcome .of your Christian faith,' the Salvation Army still makes its way by example and tho gratitude of those it helps and beqeflts. That Ib the secret of our success, und in It lies the great hopo for the future in tbo Eastern na tions. "i like Australia immensely. I am greatly taken with this country, but you are so boastly selfish. Y'ou could mako this land n mighty thing it you could only, bo got to open your doors. I want pepplo here, from the OId-coun» try, and yot I am precluded from getting them here — people who would bo of tho greatest value to you." Immigration and Australia. Somo of tho stock arguments having been pointed out to him. General Booth continued: — "But I see some hopo in the movement, which suggests to me that the more thoughtful here aro concerned more as to tho kind of immi grants than the principle. There, I believe, wo can help you. In three years previous to tho war wo sent 140,000 people to Canada, people for whom land and occupations were provided, and who we're supervised by our officers. Only V& per cent, turned out in nny way unsatisfactory, and most of those be cause of health reasons. YVo sent people there without half-a-crown to bless them selves with, and now thoy are proprietors and employers. Well, if they'd live in Canada —six months' snow — why, hloss my soul, they would worship this country. "Then, again, I have 1000 children in our care — not criminal children, but children I ctia personally vouch for — who would make you good citizens If your Governments would con tribute to their support. I can got Interests In the -Old Land, also, to contribute. We can do these things more cheaply than the Govern ments. Wo don't want children coddled; wo want them brought up to work. And you wnnt workers and production. The lady and Rcn- tlemnn business Is played out for this genera tion. I cap find 10,000 such children, put them down here, tako care of them, and then, in the noxt ten years, you will have a fino stntnp of working peoplo. Reverting 'to Eastern problems ho said he was hard up for doctors. In India ho had four hospitals wanting medical superintendents. Ono hospital doalt with 1000 people a day. Then again ho wants doctors for research work at the leper stations. Among nil tlio splendid mon thoy had there was not an Australian. "You must begin to work. Germany has slanted, and in a few- years will bo in the markets of the world, deaplto tho condition the war loft hor in. I repeat, you must work. Thai is tho only hopo for tho world— and you." 