GZCIAL QUESTIONS DISCUSSED.. CASE FOR ECONOMY. SENATOR MILLER'S GREAT FIGHT. (From the Special Representative of the Australian Press Association.) GENEVA. Wed.-At the meeting of the Assembly of the League of NLtl ednsa, the committee preseeted a re port on the opium and white slave traffic and India's claim to repre senta~tIon on the Labour organlisation as a great industrial country.- The committee recommended acqulescen?ce in the Netherland's desire that the League should assume the duties hitherto carried out by her under the opium convention; and also_ that the signatories t6 the conven lon abd non-members of the League should be invited to appoint as sessors on the League's advisory ommittee with a special invitation to America. The committee unali mously recommended the League to ondertake the obllgatlon with ze spect to white slave traffic, but desld ed that the Assembly was not com petent to decide Indla's claim; the council alone was competent to de cide as to which are the prineipal ion dustrial powers. The opium and white slave traffic recommendations were adopted, and the Assembly authorised the see retariat to aednd a questionaire to all Governmenti asking what legisla tive measures have been taken to combat the traffic. An interesting feature of the debate was the speech by Miss Forchhammer, the Danish delegate, the first woman to ad dress the Assembly, appealing to every Government to legislate for the suppression of the traffic, "which is a blot on civilisation'," she said. LONDON, Wed.-Mr. Percy Hun ter, the Federal Immigration Offi-. oaer. who has returned here, says that Senator Millen's remarkable fight at the League of Nations in the cause of ecopomy was recognised by all the Powers represented at Geneva Be practically dominated the Finance Commission's sittings for a fort 'nilght He was insistent that the generally extravagant ideas of es tablishment should be remodelled. Though naturali? faced with con siderable opposition from vested in teresta. he succeeded in finally se curing sufficient support to ensure that future budgets shall be rlgorous ly economised. He made a great fight against the establishment of se veral new and costly independent commissions, and the Assembly adopted his view by altering the con stitution of these bodies from per manent to merely temporary advisory committees. His efforts will result in the saving of hundreds of thousands yearly, without impairing the effici ncy of the scheme to prevent war, and also save Australia a very big sum in contributions to the League. Australia was charged the same rate as France and Britain. Although the relief will not be immediate, it will ultimately be attained and made re 