TRADE AND FINANCE Dccifaons hare bee » reached by the flour mllers of the four States concerned on the question referred to them by the Aus tralian Wheat Board as to whether they favor an open market for the flour export trade to the United Kingdom, or the pre- sent fystem of disposal through the board. Victorian and South Australian millers desire nn open market/but those in New houtli Wales and WcBtern Australia prefer continuance of the, existing arrangement lor the .present. It is understood that the majority of Australian flour millers wonid like the market to be made free at an early date. The, matter of concerted trading by re- im ned soldiers has caubed a stir amongst shopkccpcro, especially boot retailers and drapers. The Victorian Master Drapers' Association wrote to the Boot and Shoe. Retailors' Association of Vie.toria in rela tion to boot sales at mannufacturers' prices to the Returned Soldiers' Associa tion, staling that the, feeling of members of the association was that any manufac turer supplying thia channel of distribu tion should be "left to confine his opera tions thereto."- A leading shoe manufac turing company intimated by letter to the Boot and Shoe Retailers' Association that it had not supplied, and did not intend to supply, the Returned Soldiers' Association. The company stated that, while supporting returned soldiers who opened retail stores in a legitimate way, it did not approve ot the scheme in question. The association decided to thank the company for its let ter, and express satisfaction with it. The Boot and Shoe Retailers' Association ol Victoria took joint action with" the Bulla- rat Boot Retailers' Association and tin? I . Master Drapers' Association. The identity of a manufacturer supplying the Returned Soldiers' Assoeintion was disclosed, and certain requests were-madc to him. The . result has not been announced, but tin; matter is said to be "still under close sur- veillance. j-uc presiueut ot tue iinut auu Shoe Retailers' Association of Victoria , at a meeting of that body, said "it. was never; intended that soldiers' memorial halls, subscribed to by citizens, and principally traders, should be turned into trading con cerns." : The recently formed 'Danish- Australian Chamber of Commerce has ofhces'in Syd ney and Melbourne, and in connection with its establishment a special trade re new has been issued. The publication con tains a letter from the Prime Minister, in which Mr. Hughes expresses the hope that tne inauguration of the new chamber will encourage suitable immigration to Austra lia. and thus tend to - strengthen Danish- Australian commerce. The market for rabbit skinB in Melbourne showed a "decline at last Monday's sales, but a cablegram received trom London yesterday states that they are m better demand there among furriers. 'L his is os- liecially noticeable in the case of New Zea land skins, but the prices arc unchanged. Hatters show, good competition tor pulling descriptions at late rates. Inferior grades arc dull at about 15 per cent, decline. New Zealand prune winter docs are quoted at Had. to 105th per lb., and firsts at 70d.. to \- 75d. per lb. Perpetual Trustees, Executors ' and Agency Co. of Tasmania Ltd., for the 12 months to 30th June last, shows net profit of JL.2956, comparing with £2424 for the preceding year. Dividend is again 10 per . cent., but the bonus iV reduced from 5 per cent, to 3 per cent. Capital paid up is £20,000, Dividend equalisation account stands at £2000, and sundry creditors! at £7335. Principal assets are deposit -with ithe Treasurer oi the State, £5000: loans! on mortgage,, £7413; property, £3600, and sundry debtors £14,856. 'llic whole prolit for the year m applied to payment of divi dend, bonus and tax \- Bruce Ltd. notifies that interim . dividend at tho rate of 7£ per cent, jier un- num. on all -preference shares, and at the . rate of 74 per cent, and bonus of per I wuuui "M 4»ll UtUllkll l MldlCn 111 tue company, will be parable niter 3Isc inist. For the purpose of acquiring :»« a going concern the 'iHwinem of motor ilenler-vete-, carried on m .Mildura under the style ot Buckingham and Edwards, and the basi- .iicbs of commission agents, '&c.;, carried on in Mildura under the .style of Applebv, Fugaley and Morey, Buckingham and Ed wards Pty. Ltd. has been formed, with authorised capital of ilO.OOO, in shares of .JE100 each. Registration has been granted in .Melbourne to Ballarvt Hosiery Co. Ltd.. H Lydiard'9trtct, Rallamt. Capital author isetl is £100,000,. in nharcn of £1 cadi. The directors are Messrs. L. W. Pobjoy, W. J. Splatt and J. Browne. 