Cables Concentrated. DELAYED M.ULS. ^.{^s. JPreaB.AssocUtioa-ttpyriHMi,.-. [?] Tiie truiila from K.Jl.S. Urmontle, whioh arrived at Toulon on Monday, will not be delivered before to-morrow. I Eu&iness; men complain of the delay, as parenting thera dealing with' cor rospondeuco before tUo outward mail Wee. CHEAPER MILK. Dairymen are reducing in London tiie retail price of milk to lOd. per quart. VISIT TO BATTLEFIELDS. London, Thursday Night. Mr. John Store}-, tie Premier of New South Wales, hi» wife, and daughter, j and Mr. Hay, bis secretary, have pro ceeded to the battietiddB, and will be absent a weak. i COMWONWliALTH LINEH. The Morton Bay, tihe first Common wealth passenger liner, is launching at Barrow on April 23. Mrs. Storey is performing the earning osramaar. WOES OF THE PRINCE. LOST HIS PIPES ! Londom, TJmreday. The Prince of Wales iost two pipes trdiifet lnmtim; in Lejoestersbire. He offers £.5 rtranard for both and £3 for one. Hb says thej are ardinaty briars, with vulcanite mouthpiooee, and are of no particular value, but be is seatun»nit ally attadbed to them, because he smoked them in' Australia, and New Zealand during hie tour. He was very sorry to tose them. \- M\ (2ie newspapers giro pnommeDce totheiloes. Ufae (police of the country are an nouncing hi$ reward broadcast. SETTLING THE WEST. Sir J- D- Connolly, the AeentGeoe ral of West Australia, has received a message from Mr. MitcheS, the Pre mier ct Xfeet Aiutralia, in wdooming the oo- optration of the Imjwiftl Gov ernment in tihe tiioro rapid' eettlememt and development of West Australia by Britishers. The Government of West Auetralift man willing to doits «bare, Irat men and money were bo*' neoee aary to ensure dcvetapmeBt. - It is understood that West Auatralia ie oon tinuiDg its independent immigration ar rangementB for the present. SHIPOWNERS' STRIKE. In consequence of tihe shin Joiners' strike, seven Oanadian-Paoiflo linen hove gone .i© Antwerp to be overhauled. A Sootfiglb purcinser of four «i4Jer am'Saoti k not rcwidHMihg tfaft man emUeniB and fitting in order to advertitc the strikers' folly. DANISH LEGISLATION. vides that tihe First Chamber shall be elected by the provincial States on tihe basis of proportional representation and women's suffrage. DE- CONTBOL OP MEAT. The Food Controller announces that imported meat will be decontrolled on Mar* 29. PROFITS FROM CANTEENS. The Waf^ Office Canteens Board, not withstanding pressure from Australia Bouse, extending over several months, failed, to supply an estimate of Aus tralia's shareof the profits from the canteens in France. Tjhe Oanteana Board has now handed over the whole matter to tie Army Council, wfljioh has promised to supply an estimate sod to make an interim payment shortly. 3500 WAR OEMETH1ES PREPARED. London, Thursday Nigbt. The Imperial War Graves Commis sion reports that of deaths approxima ting 1,000,000, some 617,000 bodies of British soldiers on various battlefields have been identified. Thre* diousand live hundred cemeteries have been pre pared in France and .Belgium. JAP. SCHOOLS IN CALIFORNIA. Sueraiueuto, Oalfomia, Thursday. TBk- Lower House passed a Bill per mitting school troatees to estat&rib.; sep arate schools for Japanese. SINN FETN AND NATIONALISTS. MAKE COMMON CAUSE. Aocording to tile 'Freeman's Jour nal,' the Sinn Feinere and Nationalists bave arrived at a provisional agree ment to present a united front against the (hrsotaies in the Sections for the Ulster Paruamient, but none of theu sucoessful candidates win take seats. ARCHBISHOP MJAiNNIX. Rome, Friday. ArohbiaHop Manniz,'of Melbourne, has arrived here, atnd is' staffing at the Irish OoUeeo. 