THE LUNCHEON. THE PIONEERS HONORED. There iraf; a Iar;e attendance of old resi dent* and State and local government officials at the nnscheoa in the main hall. The Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. W. Patterson I pregideil, and felted on his right .was his Ks-*J]en-T the Governor. A along others at the head table were the Premier (Hon| II. X. Barjrell), the Commissioner of Va'o lie Works -Hon. W. Hague), the Minister r.f Agriculture (Hon. T. Pascoe). t^e speaker of the Houfb of Assembly (Sir Richard 'Batlerl,' Sir Jas»h Sj-moa, ICC, Sir William Soifden, the Commissioner of J'oliee (firisadiei^General teane), the Pub lic Service Commissioner (BrUadierGexe ral S. Pries Weir), the president of the Beturned Sailors' and Stldiere' Imperial lvalue (Colonel C. P. Bftfcr). and Mr. 8. r». Danjun8 (a piaaeer who arrived in tbe Asia in 1838). After the toast .of 'The Kixg' 'iiad been honored, the To An Clerk 'Mr. W. H. Jeanes) read tiie proclamation issued by Governor Hindmarsh and pro mulgated under the cum tree, near GVoelg, en December 28, 1896. The Chairman, in proposing the toast of bis Excellency the Governor, said they* had bad many Governors srnce 1816. AH had been men of high intellectual powers and learned in literature and military and naval affairs. In his Excellency they had now a representative of the Kiog who transcended 1hoss qualities, because *Je understood the .industrial and agricultural sides of the home life. (Cheers.) Hit Ex cellency had, since his arrival, travelled throojEnont the State disseminating the ?peda] information that he possessed, afitf there was no dosbt it was proving benefi cial to the producer and the State k- gene- j r*Pr fCteem) There ttm no need 'to' loo!4 gloomily to Che fntor*. because- any financial difficulties that might be met would be capably dealt nith by those in change of the afiairs of the State. Lady Weigall had proved herself a true helpmate to his Excellency, and had endeared herseU to the people, and they regretted that his Excellency and Lady WeigaQ would; shortly leave the State. That sraa de plorable, is view of the splendid work started by their hands, (Cheers.) Governor oo the Early Days. His Excellency, in reapowEnt. said:— I am deUgh'ted to here the opportunity of again being present at tliW aonoal cele bration. It is well that for one day ia the rear at least we should lire ia the ttaditioBt of Ihe past. During the last three or four days I htve -been enabled to read the early hiabary of the State, both ?from the point of view of the official G!e of the province in 1838, and of tie private ! lives of those magnificent fiianeera, s-hom we ece honoring to-day. (Cheers.) What rtrnek me enoraraqely was that in the first place a great (leory waa propounded for an entirely new system of colonisation. Gibbon Wskeneld started an entirely new idea for the soveroment of the colooiee in the British Empire. It was received with anyrhinc hot war in official circles, which are always apt to be very cafffnl and cautious. (Laughter.) It is just a* weU that there are earefel officials when there are yea&ff; men in a Jiarry about, )ikt CHhban WakefiluL (Umghter.) In those e»rir S**V 1^a« jn*. »°t, -»^ Jtbfc. ordi nary difficulty of caning to * new- un' developed country, but added to it was oflUisJ apsthy -»t the other end of the world. Then, in * few yccis cane as ap palling financial crisis. There waai no Treasurer, no Promier— none of the purer Java of life. (Laughter.* As far aa I I can father, the cn'y industry that waa can-ini on for the first few years was land i speculation. There was no inducement for the original settlerj to go oat and f-rodacc wealth 'ram the land. No Eorreyiag had been done, and1 the only P»rt of the ooun- 1 try Aat was earvcyed was the city of Ade- ' Uidc. A3 that ooeurred irnsn die point of view of industry aai the production of x-ealth, was a wild »peCulaf-on in land that nobody -wanted to boy. Hut was not a very rosy atote of {ndestrUI affairs. However, in «ph» of all diffieultieav the 1836 pioneens were able, «th the assistance of those who directed the destinies of the State during those years, to lay the foandatian of what we ?ee t«-day; and if there is one day in the year »hen fxrath Australians can Wo* their c'nests out— a^thoagh I know* South Australians are naturally modest— -Uqgh- trr)— and aey they are ***p)eadid feUonTi,'' it is the day on which they van look round , ond see what lisa been produced in 85 years. (Cheers.) A Voice— They are Britishers. (Cheer*.) I His Excellency— Exactly. It is because they possess that amalgvn of blood from the finest ness on the earth. We have skimmed the cream of every race — Anglo- Saxon, Hanarcrian, and Danish. (Cheers.) We hare our faults, and hive made our mistakes: and the man who never made a mistake never did anything worth whSe. We have been able to ooVjniee in a. way that no other nation in the work! has don*. The history of South Australia is I unique, because it etarted a sex: system j of colonisation, and :n many trays it is the most remarkable history in the thou sand years' story of the BritVab Emprre. t Cheers.) The litaXe Cmdr of men who inaugurated the system produced what we | see to-day. (Cheers.) j John Hector. ' There is one man irhoae name I hare I never heard mentioned, and »hose name , is commemorated only in this State, in the township of Hectorviile. John Hester played a. prominent pert in t'je early his-j -ory of the Sute. He landed in Xetr South \Va!es in 1837. and short1}- after-' iranis came to South Australia, and waa the firsi oerretary of the Glen Osmond urines. He «-.:£ also the first treasurer of the Stale 8avings Bin'i, which has become' such a great success. In addition he presented the land on which ihe eld £um tree stands, ?nd «ss largely respomab'.e for t!ie ma t^riil and moral welfare of tbe early set tlers. Before his death he wipes oft a verv large number ol small loans that he bad made to atrnggliog aettless without interest, on account of all the suuess end enjoyment he had derived from living m South Asstnlia. (Cheers.) 'With one stroke of the pen,' he eaid, 'I will wash t'x whole of these -aut.' 1 therefore ta.'se tlie opportunity of bringing his name pro mneat.y under tie notice o: this gather ing as typical of tie men to riiom ire are «o grateful to-day. Do not let ds forget any man who has been promimmt and has left * lasting monument to the State — a monument of which we are now enjoying tae benefit. (Cheers.) It is a delightful custom that once every year we hear the original proclamation read. I am sore ervryone who jeard it to-day ia o; the opinion t'oat in its sentiments and its language it could not be improved upon. (Cheers.) Question of ImmigsatioD. In Conclusion, I Tint to mention a sub ject rhici is lifted outside tie political ^orld, and to wiici. everj- (South Aus tralian to-day will have ro gwe his most c&refnl; consideration. Just as the pio neers in 1836 laid the foundation, it ie up to Sosth Australians to-day to build the super-structure. You have tee first storey; now go on. A week or txo ago the House bf Commons discussed toe whole question of 'emigration from the old coun try, and immigration into Australia. The Labor :«ader (Mr. J. R. Clynes), who is a great personal friend' of mine, opened the subject witib these trords: — 'I £asnot -win? myself to look at this question from the angle of any party or the «ftandpoiBt o! any class. It is to me one of those practical questions which has to come be fore 'Parliament and be viewed on its merits, and ?» deciison reached from the standpoint of what is duitcHle jointly for the Empire and the individuals con cerned.' I commend that to every think ing man ia South Australia. If you wiK forgive me for saying so, I tiiui, in sum and eabstacce, it is the Etetement of a eUtesxan, as distinct from e politician. (CSeers. Tie first looks to the next generation; the second looks only to the next genera] elections. (Laugater.1 , Tbat is the really big question before us; bo.v se are going to engineer the narriaee o: empty space* and no population, to limi ted spaces and a great eorp'us population? (Cheer*.) Praise for tbc Premier. I am only thankful to think Oat South Australia is to have ihe advantage of this nnestion being discussed snd brought home1' to tbc authorities in the home country by tbe one man who is qualified by his ability and his great personality— by bis capacity not only to thjpk deeply, but to apeak dearly— namelyr tiip ' present Premier of South Australia^ (Cheers..) It is well that every man jj»» public position in the old country s&9P)& come here, aad that men in public *osatkm» here should go ta Kefbad. Tae more ignoranee is dispelled the better for eaeli of tlhcm. (Cheers.) TSTico the Prraicr gets home I hope he will enjoy himself as miK& as my old friends in the House of Commons will en joy seeing and hearing him. I hope he will -take tlie opportunity of giving his views to the Empire SeTpJopAeat Com mittee, a. .non-party bodf of 300 meobeca, wco, I em sure, will receive him. not oaly with cordialitr, but -with the greatest anxiety to hear him speak folly, freely, and frankly to them. I also nope be w:U have the opportunity of meetinjr the Em pire Association in Cie famous Westmins ter HalL With his youth and ability he will be able to contribute a great deal to the eolation of this extremely difficult problem. (Obeers.) It would be imper tnent, if not improper, for me to attempt to develop the difficulties that attach, to this problem in Australi*— difficulties that do not touch aay other portion of the Bri tisSi Dominions. We have a constitution that is unique, and I need say no more. Whatever the difficulties. I feel perfectly rare the prseenre of onr Premier will, at this particular juncture, be of imrnwisc benefit to everybody. I hope to have the privilege and plearare of seeing him in the old country. (Cheers.) The toast 'lie late George Fife Areas, a founder of the Province' was honored in silence. ?Out Pioneers,' The Premier, in propoginj 'Oar Pio neers,' aid he felt be could novr under stand :a a better, 'deeper, and truer aense whmt piosieeriag meant in the early day6 rf the, State, because only recency he hid returned from 'an extensive trip through Eyre Peninsula, aad the West Coast. In company with 'the Commissioner of Crown Luuis, he bad joarncyied toe the £r*t time throngh that vnat part of the State, and from the time they left Cowefl until they retumel to Tumby Bay they had travelled 1,30ft or i,iO0 miles. Among many other things, they found that the pioneering irort, so far xs land settlemeal, ia SoaUi Australia was concerned.' was by no meaTm at an end. The Premier, whose remarks on West Coast settlement are reportet elsewhere, said the toast he had to pro pose would commend itself to all, because it iras always pleasing to honor that little hand of pioneers who ted the way- in toe tState. They stood out as worthy of all honor and praise, «nd be was pleased v- have the oop*tunity of honoring them. (Ckeexs.1 Mr. S. L. Hawkins, v.no went to Ganr ler 7t years «*o, ana is now reading at Brighton, responded, fie Slid the Pre mier had clearly outlined the difficulties of the eet£ers outback. The difference between the troubles of the West Coa.-* restdenta and ihosc of i is youth, however, was that the esrfy aettteru of ihe State hid to go out by inemdelvet;. whereas now the Goveromcot had gone ahead and toVJ the people where to take up land,. The only thing thai laced the p:oncera\ of old was hard and constant xork. Tttey had to do it, or worold have stsnred. Be be lieved it wad hard work that gave so many of the pioneers grey hairs. (Laughter.) f Us KxceBency— fiar better . grey hairs than none at all. Mr. Dawkias ez'A he was pleased liiat Ihe ti'enelg Town Council bad arranged the ceremony in recognition of the pionccra of the State. Years ago if coun try folk -went *- tfcc city they were looked anon as 'waybacks.' The people of the city forgot that the farmers were oat back trying to get provisions for them to eat. (Cheer*.) Veterans of Eveiy Wa.v. CouacHlor Lurton proposed 'The X&vy; and Army.' Be said they approved of rmrasentai&vea; of various nations being ra W^istiineton to devjee misne *-r rcducine armmnents, bat they woald all agree that it was necessary that England ebould h&vc; the protection of her a»vy, espedaUy for her merchant marine. (CheeiB.) The toast was beartiiy .received, and ia respooding BrmuHerX3eocr*l Weir said Mr. Dsrcrieins. wio had responded to the toast of 'Onr Pioneer?,' ojnved m ti; State in the same vessel as his (the speakers) father. Among the war veterans present that day were Private Bonald Watssn, fornierlv of tbe 38th Regiment, who fought in the Crimea and the Indian Mutiny; Mr. Bcauaso, secretary o', the Vetdracs' Corps, yriko participated in the Abyssnian campaign and the Maori '.vm— Sergeant Boae. and heiocs of the Zuta and Ashanti -aanpe.igB6; in short, men who had taken parj, in all tie wars since the Crimea, including mamy -who, by ajtcning the date at their hirth. ua-i been able io fisfht in the Oreat War. (Laia^iter.) 6race the last -clebrxtio!i many changes had taken place in the organwation of tha Australian army. Anatra^iane, he knew, .were not ad** to let the memory a the men 3iio fell in tfie !a3t var fade. MagniScent statute had tfeen erected in aiavoet every to am in the State to perpetuate the memory o; the men who had fallen, and 90 suns for distribution among the public schools of the State Toold arrive during the present week. (Cheers.) FaOen Warriom. 'l'allen Heroes' wag given in oaoiprimen tary termB by Colonel C. P; Butler. There tras an analogy, he said, between Decem ber 2S, 1S». and April 25. 1915. Jurt as the pioneers had on the first mentioned dale proclaimed South Australia, a province, so 'had the gallant Anzara, when they landed on Gafiipoli on April 25, 1915, pro claimed Australia's nationhood- (Cheers.) The spirits of thousands of noble Austra lians, sleeping their last sleep on the '\\-attle£elds of the world, fere with them, inspiring them to higher ideate of citizen fhip and insvil'ins a greater sense of loy alty to Kins *nd country. If they were U- be really true to the memory of those who had fallen it would not suffice for them to boiW memorials ia their honor. They had to do their duty in peace, even as the seddions did theirs ia war. fie gave &em; the toset with the words, 'Lest we forset.' The toast was honored in eilenee. Sir Richard Butler gave 'The Chairman,' ?«marki&3~ that he would refrain tram, men cionms the breakwater. (Laughter.) When a Minister rt had giren him much thought, but he believed its future cacid safely be left to the present Gavernsnent. (Cheers.) The Cbaiitnan responded. Darius toe luncheon musical items were rendered by Mr. J. Feweter's orchestra. (Continued on Pbge G.y 