DAIRYING INDUSTRY. IPTIMISTIC - VIEW . OJEL-'^UTURE . ? ,13ox}-- At a meet'ng of thpso Jntereste^l in dnirying mid other, 'producers; held in the West Maitland Tojvjiijfall oil Sat urday afternoon, Mr. C. -E.. J'). Moar.-s, general manager of tin* Coastal Far mers' Co-operptivo Society, Ltd., spoke 011 the prospects of tlie dairying indus try. xiio attendance was sinwl. After briefly referring to the benefits of co-o'perativo organisation and the need for concentration, Mr. Mear.-s said there were two questions to be considered — how far t lie war had affect ed the dairying industry, nnd to what extent the war's aftermath had influ enced it. He dealt with tho negotia tions for tho disposal of the butter sur plus in 1917 and the eventual sale* to tho British Government. During the whole time the British Government was taking their butter, there was no delay in payment. One year the butter realised more than thoy sold to tlie Britfsli Government for, but that, 'Gov- ernment gavo them back, SO per cent. of (ho profit. . Compared with . wheat and wool, the butter h'ad been in a good position. Tlie aftermath' of . war was world-wide in its significance and Its incidence. . Wages had gone lip and the dairying industry had to face new awards. Great assistance had been re ceived, from the families, but now thai, had lessened or entirely disappeared. Whether it was duo to education or nof, he could not say, hut the fact re mained that the dairyman had to go to t he, open market for labour. What i. _ 1 ? vnanco «iu i»o Jiavo oi govting »n ample supply of sui tnblo ..labour in competition, with the city with its shorter hours nnd its allurements? Ano ther problem was transit,; all freights liad increased. In addition there was tlib . difficulty of finance, which the world hnd to la en. . A definite policy was being pursued by the banks at the present time, and ho thought it was right. Tliey were e'lil'oring a system of economy, arid lie hoped it would lie forced on tho Government, so tliat it would only deal with, necessary works. They we'ro 'some of the handicaps they had to face. They were now away from tho lienoficiai buying of the Bri tish Government and pools, and had to face an opyn market. - They should now endeavour to retain control of the sale of their product, One factor was tho local market, and lie knew of no 'country wiioi'b consumers' were better supplied., either as to quantity or qua lity. There was a need to develop that .market, and to do that they would want greater population. One aveiiue of counteracting tl.ip disturbing iii uuences of fie present, time was to in crease. production. . He would like to Reo.'ii ^continued system of immigration.. Their ; local market for six months of tho year was governed b.V .prices in London, and for the other six. -month!) by priecM in other Slates. During tb 0 war ebullitions in England were such U'lifii'' tho people go(, away from eating butter ii hd had to take to margarine. While butter remained high they con tinued on margarine. Large stocks ol butter had accumulate*!, and i h ey Woi'o now being informed 1hat prices wore falling. ? He did im(,' view that with alfU'm; he thought, .it a bfessTng for it would probably bring tlie people back to butter. ? Wlum iliey could got butter easily they would nn|. oa|, mar garine. 1 v . Mr. Mo, arcs stated Unit, b'even co operative societies in -Australia, bad formed a federation. and had decided to establish a selling.' floor (11' Tooley- strob'... London. To.oloy-sti'oet of ' London was tho Sussex-street of Sydney, lie. was ono of thoso chosen to go to England to establish tlio floor, and lie dealt ex tensively with, his visit. Australian trade had suffered because it had fall on -into tho hands of speculators, there having boon nobody, thore to look after it. Tho London market that governed the Australian prices walT'llio free ami easy London market. Tlio establisli inorit of the soiling floor would, ho was sure, givo thom bettor conditions, The co-oporativo movement in England had 'dovolopod to a wondorful extent, and tlioy, lincl arrangod to soli to a largo co bporativo organisation there. That wiis a., great blossing, for it' would do away with tho middleman, He. saw 110 rea son to dopai't- from' tlio optimistic view whibli ho had previously, taken up; re garding , tlio dairying industt'y. Tliei'b /\yoi'o various beononiic fcliariges pressing heavily on tho man . 011 the laud!- in Austt'iiliii. Ho' otilil not -(lePai't from tlioni, hut lib coiild do much to' nllevi Ato, .'thorn, Having established them-' solvoh' in , London,' tlioy liad , .becoriie; a; definite eommprolal identity Ho ex pi'ossod tho. opinion tlint . Australian, 'butter was hotter 'than. Danish, but- tho Daubs lind standardised tholi' ? brand, whorijns tlio niiiltipliclty of brands was a handieap to Aitsti'alian butter, . Hb again oxpi'ossbd a iiopei'ul future of the industry* nnd urged producers to .Nbick: to tiio tio-oporatlvo movoment. Ho also, dealt/ Aylth the 'od- oporativo' Insui'ance' thoy 'hud inaiiguratotl,. . . , . Iir reply to , quost, 16ns, Mr. 'Moai'os fln'id tho solling' flooi' in Loudon-, would. nib stick to htittbr. b'Ub' would (lenl wltJi nil , primary, products. . Dairying, J16 Said,,, wis ,'a .hjg. tiling arid, ^voi'th' liftht ing for, but i.hoy would ' luivo . to ooni tiino to. oontyol tho salo of tlioir pi'n (liicts. ; \ \ ' - -? Tho island of Majordn, otio of iho .Htthioi'id Isles oil' tlio. (toitsl, of' Spain in tho . Mediterranean Soiii Is boliovod to have '* tho finest ollmnto in . tlio wbrhr'Tho ?tbtupoi'attu'o 'roinhins prno* ilfjiilty Htiitiniini'.V at 70dofe,i rind hroei'.os blow constnubly; ' - . 1 Foi1' titb lll'st, thno in liiritdry . (lour riiillad.in Olilun is helnn sold In tlio Eiii'bjioari hlrtritot.. ? A. 'WUpihirtb W»» rohehetl TMlalid, hnd ;Hti1os aro, «cMii|j; 'sought In other count iTris,'' China form erly: wiis ll.'llti'Uo IhihoVtei' of Anieriwin flour. : , ' ? ' , .'' ? ' ,.?? ' . ?' . ' . *? ? ' . 1 A , - 