SOUTH AMERICA AND JAPAN. South Anmeorica has become, writes the Buenos Aires correopoo'ndet of the San 'Franoelsco "Chronicle," a Mleccs for Japan ese Immigrants, who, assisted by their own Government uand by Government backed colonlsatlon syndicates, are fairly pouring Into the principal republics of the continent, especially iDrazil, Chile end Peru, Bruzil has 'favoured Jupoanese im migration for several years, and has re pealtedly offered inducements to attract coolie labourers to the coffee planutations. In Pe'cru and Chile the population of low class Japonete is growing so rapidly that west cotal newspapersa halvo repeatedly called on their Governments to put an and to what they edltorlally call "the yellow perll.' Argentina and Unliguay have received large additions to their Japanese population during the last three years, but in these two republics the IJapanese immigrants are of a much higher elunlity than those arriving in nolghbour ing countries. Brazil, however, Is the only South Ams rlcan republic that so far has openly made 'overtures through Government sources for tho importation of Japanese labourers on contlract. Soveral years ago It was found thet the Japanese were tempera.muentally and physically suited to the coffee plnnta tiono of the State of Sao P'aulo, and the Statd Government, which is largely in theo hands of the coffee growers, began to Im port them Ify the hundred, until now they have almost entirely replaced Brailllan fabour. Theb Japanese coolies work for ai pittance, and their standard of life Is so far below that of the cheanpet Brazilian labourers of Southern Brazil thot these cannot compete with the Orientals and have had to go elsewhere. The Sao Peulo State Government re cently signed a now contract for the importation of 20,000 ouore JaIa-nese coo lies, and those are now arriving in largo ,eonsignmdnts on every Japanese steamer. When the contact was signed there al meady wore O0,000 Japanese in the State of Suo Panlo alone. Japanese immigration to both the east and the west coast of South America has been greatly facilitated by the recent sub idilsing of two Japanese steamship lines, one to call at LBrazilian, Uruguasyon and Argentine ports, and the other to main talll a regular trade with Paru.and Chile. An effort is now being made to run a fortnlghtly service with .'llese steamers, which means that a new consignment of JaSpanee imnmigrants arrives every two or three weeks. tn Brazil especiallly the Japaneso.imml grants are ,of the very lowest type of Ianbourer produced in the Japanese Itslande. Tihe colonlsatlon syndleato which sends hemn out gathers thems from the outlylng islands of tile Archipelago, and the condi tibns under whbch they are shipped to South America are little better, If 'any, than the accommodation provided for the sxportation. of cattle. . Export.of Chinese coal hos now com nuenced, iind the Danish railways, which hithorto have qrawn ther'asuplles from ~Eiglajld. and fron Germaeny, have given CObhllia ap order for 10,000 tons. At thhe eamo.timno It is reported from l?larslllcs that 100,000 tons have boon landed there. i Snakes of the viper tribe have their polson fangs channelled so that the poison is convoyed to the deepeast part of. thoe wound. :a:Oiins wore used iy thie English at th1 Ilittle :of Crecy in' 1046'. 