WM UP GRAFTON! ' Population Needed. ' THE IMMIGRATION MOVEMENT. . i A 'PROVISIONAL COMMITTEE FORMED. -.6 Wake up, Grafton!" may be cited -.s the text of an address delivered by Mr. J. C. Fhilpott Crowther, on behalf of the Con n fry Promotion League, to a disapr pointmgly small audience in the Town Hall last night. There were present i'i all told, including Mr. Oliver 13a inb rid gr and Mrs. Balnbridge, who are at present on a brief visit to the Clarence.. The meeting w.as opened half an 'houy behind the /advertised time by Aid. F. J'. Dob.erer, Deputy-Mayor, who apologised for the absence of the Mayor, Aid. t?ald- ocy, whose, duties had called him out of town. Aid. Doberer explained that Mr. Crowther had addressed the Chamber c-f Commerce last week, and the present meet ing was called to give citizens ail oppor tunity of ' he'aring him and ascertaining his . objective. The Country ' Pr oino tiou League had been formed in Sydney, and it was gratifying to know that people ;n: Sydney were at last beginning to realise that the country should have some sup port. Those who had lived in Grafton , f or J niany years could hot see r any progress in the town — land values were lower now I than they were years ago. Mr. Crowther saw gri-at possibilities here. The people who came before the present generation'' liad; also seen great possibilities, and had laid oiit the town with fine broad streets, and left- every facility for.- Grafton to grow/into a big city. 'Nature had endowed' the district with ficli soil, and a district like , this, with' all the facilities it possess ed, should not" only be a big manufactur ing centre/ but also a;great agricultural centre. Referring to the -small attendance, the Deputy-Mayoir said it was -to be re gretted that the people of Grfaton had uot turned 'up; in larger number to hear what Mr. Crowther liad to say. He -thought one reason was that tho 'meeting liad uot been given' sufficient publicity. Aid. T. J. Roberts, Mayor of South Graf ton, was sorry there were: -not more resi dents' of - his municipality present':, lie, to6, Thought1 the . reason why the meeting was so poorly attended was that it had, not been given- sufficient publicity. if another meeting were held later on and given more publicity, they might be able to get a large attendance and form a strong branch of the League. . Mr. Crowther said lie was a little dis appointed in Grafton. He had fully ex pected that the people of Grafton had a ..certain; -amount of .civic pride, but if ;they diad civic pride, they would turn up iu force to aid anything intended for the good of the city. He had selected Grafton and the Clarence River; district for lis operations 'as offering the greatest, scope, i ::>e of ' being in need of waking up. It was . time the people woke up to the value and' possibilities of ' their district. He went on to explain the , genesis of .the Country /Promotion League, and 'how it came into being following the Bush Week movement. Its principal1 object was to do anything and everything for the- benefit of .country /-industries— ;to assist the man on the land. It was ' quite right that, people ifi the cit.v should go . out of their' j way to help the man qn the land and make j the conditions /'such that more men would I go. on the laud and riiore would . be . pro duced; He, referred to / New \ .Zealand, where 46-L.pef "cent, of thepopulatTon -'was oii the' land, as agalust' 124 ;.per cent, -in! this -country; " -A nian working in a . factory :5n/5ydiieyfiqn -ivages would .not. produce as i id ucii as' -adman working on bisowh liiiul. Given/ a .million men working on the land and we would have a prosperous country; hilt, given a rnillion liien working in; fac tories 'anil doing as lif.tlc as tlvey could for as much as they could get, and the coRn- try ivould go. doAv.n. Lie dealt Avith the h-espectiA-e population oi' Sydney and its environs; as compared will! the country population,- and pointed out tliat it avos the 135,000 oi' so of people ou the land Avlio had to carry all the load, by. pro ducing stuff for export; with whieh' ;to .pay.i our 'debts.. It; was mostly : primary products, not. nianufaeturcs, that were, ex ported, so thai the men on the, land Aveie praetically carrying the other Iavo mil lion, .people on their backs. Th'ere were, ehbrmous debts to be faced, tlie Common wealth debt amounting 'to about, £SOO,0()0,000, and 5.000,000 of people could hot carry r that load. .A lot of' talk, was' heard about the " wage slaA-es " ' .in the city, but the real slaves AA'o're the men en / the land — the man on the hind Avas abso- j lutely a helot to tAvo millions of people i There was a New State movement here, ' which was a good idea, arid showed that sonic of the people Averc waking up. He j did not know whether that movement had ' originated in Grafton, and v.ould be- sur- . prised to hear that it did. | Tlio Deputy Mayor: It did. (Laughter.) j Mr. Crowther replied that-, someone must i have .vvoko tfp. He. Av'ent on to reply to . the amount of land available in the dis- , trict and stressed tiiu need for the. people to '/wake 'o'p. The Cor>itry Promotion League was 'going to help them to realise that nee blood was wanted, . the same as those who pioneered the country. Men were wanted . Lo come here as much ahead; of those whom the old pioneers left as the pioneers were- ahead of the aborigines. Immigration' was wanted to the Clarence River , district., with its rich soil and abun- dant water ancl facilities for small hold- . lug's. - There was "a Avonderfu! natural system here, for the development of pri mary industries. Tlio- League was getting out' a descriptive booklet 'to send to Eng land, 'advertising 'the ire-sources of the district, and' 'tlie most important work of the people here .was to see that the table . Avas spread for the people, who were, corn ing.. The early pioneers had prepared. fo»- the. children coming -after t hem, and the people now had the same duty placed upon them. They could treble tlie present population easily — there was no reason why Grafton should not have 20,000 or 25,000 people, all going to make for pros perity. The district would carry :.a quar ter of a million pq'ople easily. The stream' of imniigTafiou should be dire.r.ted here, but it would only be done by the people waking up. Little New Zealand under-, stood these things. It started 85 yp'< < - ago, and had o fight three wars, while Australia had had no' wars to cheek its progress. Now Now Zealand had 13 people to the square mile, while Aus tralia. Avith 50. years start of New Zeal and, had only "lirec lo the square mile. Why had New "'pal and caught up to and passed Australia? . Because the .peonle there ivere nwak(\ and Avere not putting all their energy into one city — people there j staved on the land and opened if. up. He ' mentioned dairving land in Taranaki I idling' at £250 an p ere. and farmers I "'uIp a do of ,it on 10 acres. A recent | London report shewed that New Zealand. ! h"ter. . erJd a.r. 198/ tier cwt., Australian 176./. pnd Danish 240/. He commented or: the disparity and explained the superior n-cthods followed in»Denniark where, there was c'ectricitv all over . the country scarcely a dairy farm being without it. It "as1 a coij Conn try. and the cows ivere treated with 'as" Pinch care as i'-dicrses, j cv"ii their sheds being warmed with elec- tricitv. feople. here ivould have to- get busy. They sent their butter. 13 .000 miles to nuvrlccf. and . then did not i get as much; for-' it as little Denmark. . Re- ' vertiiig to -Iriiniigrafion, the speaker cited t-lie example; of America., a.nd showed that it Avas immigration which ma.de, .-it a grant and prosperous country, and it A\\-as still taking in iiniiiigrants. at the. rate of a mil lion a ye;iT. He controA-erted the state- meiits of tliose who- oentended that a great, country iike "Australia could uot take 30,000 immigrants, as suggested, and em phasised that it Avas population: that avus Ava'uted. ,He referred also to the need of cheeking the drift to. the city — people -who' Avent there did uot realise that they ivould be better, off on the. inn d. He. endeavored to show that a mail receiving £20 a month for cream ivas better off than a man get ting a wage of £5 a week in the city. The latter, he said, liad rent anrl other expenses to pay, while the man on the land paid little taxes and produced so '-much of lyiiat he required that his earn ings were practically all bunco— out of £5 a week he ivould save probably £4, or £200 a year, while the man ivith £5 a week iu tlie city would have nothing at the end of the year. ' Mr. Crowther concluded bygiv- Tig a further explanation with regard to the pamphlet, and .suggesting the forma tion of a provisional committee- by the meeting to give the movement a kick-off. Mr. Bain bridge, ou. being" appealed to, saidthe ivould give his heartiest eudorse- meii't to AA'hat Mr. Crowther had said, but he did:;not thiuk-.he could do more than lliat. He explained that, he was merely, on a insifc to his ' eld city/ of ; Avhich -.he was very proud, aud; being only a bird oLpas/ sage lie coiiUlhuot act on a committee or anything o'F' that sort. ' ' Mr. G. E. Hill said he did jiot ivarit to Ihrow a- Hamper on Mr. GroAvther's ivork, but it .ivas vital To aiiy moveineiit not to start iii the wi-qrig aauiv. If this move ment, .were to be started at all it would luiA-e to be in "a .different ivay from ivhat was .possible that night. He Ai-as not in ravor of forming a- committee from that mee'ing — it would die: a natural death. The Deputy -Mayor said the meeting should decide whether a proA'isioual com mittee should be formed or not, and. lie asked for a motion. Mr. C. McDonald Thought something should be done that night. Mr. Crowther was on lhe right; track: It was .Grafton's' opportunity, arid should not be allowed to lapse. The land was here to carry an immense-population, but if they sat down and did nothing the population wonld not come and the .place would ; remain as if ivas. "We wanted the population and :we had the land— there was- no place like the Glareuco/RiA/er. Business men could not go out' to push the1 movement— they wanted men like Mr. Crowther. with, plenty of energy and brains" to go out. With in creased- population the value of land would double in four or fii'e years. But people would not come to a meeting. Mr. Bainbridge: Let each of us pledge ourselves to bring at least five friends ,to a meeting this night week. I will make myself responsible for ten. This proposal apparently met with ap proval. Mr. McDonald laoi'cd,; and Mr. Sanders seconded,1 "That all those present form themselves into a provisional-. committee-for tlio purpose of assisting the Countiy Pro motion League to bring immigration to this district." Mr. Hill- declined' to be included on the committee, and' said the time ivas not op portune. ' Mr. Bainbridge: .Why is it not oppor tune, ' . . Mr/Hill replied that the response to tho convening of The meeting showed that. He' referred to the Neiv State , .movement, Avhicli, as . stated,: started in Grafton, but. he pointed out, it also .died i'n Grafton, and was revivicd Tn-:- Tain worth. He did not Avisli. to/be on-Dia 'com nut tee J)T to take/ any responsibility in connection ivith auytliihg done that nig-lit. Mr. Bainbridge spoke of the ciA'ic duty of citizens iii 'connection" with ' various . phases /of nriticinaf life? /"arid so far as ill is particiiiar matter; ivas .concerned he urged that they, should gct behind -Mr. Gr oav flier t— it ' would be an insult to their dtiergy and "Talligoiice to let the thing fall through. ; i' ' Mr. UroAvther said that if he eonld get twelve men behind- him he ivould bo quite satisfied, ' and would stick to his guim. They could' have another'- meeting --follow, quickly while the iron .was-'. hot. \- Aid. Robinson spoke in favor of the mo tion, which was agreed to. After discussion it Aims decided to call a public meeting for next Thursday, and to advertise : it more fully, the meinbeys of the provisional committee also to use their influence in the icny of securing a big attendance.: A hint ivas thrown" out about, the desirability of getting. "South Grafton residents to .-take -an interest in tlio matter. Mr. McDonald moA'cd a vote of "thanks, to Mr. Crowtlu'.r, and in sucou.ding it, Mr. Corf a expressed a hope that, at '.the next riieeting Mr. Croivtlier Ai-ould go a Tittle -further and state more definitely what lie required of them, rgii-in them a definite scheme; on which "to: ivork. Miv CroAvthev Ai-ould hai'e.To point- out Very clearly what tjiey were to do and liow they were to dou iL " Mr. Crowther, replying to. the vote/said that as an Australian by adoption his heart ivas absolutely with -/the man on the land. Ho; might say hard things, but he only said them," as he had done that .uig-.it, ffiv their oavii .good. 