Dairying Industry. OPTIMISTIC VIEW OI-1 FUTURE. At a meeting o£ those interested in dairying and other producers, held in tho West Maitland Town -Hall recent ly, Mr C. E. D. Meares, general mana ger of the Coastal Farmers' Co- . operative Society, Ltd., spoke on the prospects of the dairying industry. Tho attendance was small. After briefly referring to the bene fits of co-operative organisation and .the need for concentration, Mr Meares said there were two questions to be - considered — how far the war had af fected the dairying industry, and to what extent tho war's aftermath had influenced it. He dealt with the nego tiations for the disposal of the butter surplus in 1917 and the eventual sale to the British Government. During the whole time the British Govern ment was taking their butter there was no delay in payment. One year the butter realised more than they sold to the British Government for, but the Government gave them back 50 per cent pf tho profit. Compared with wheat and wool, the butter had been in a good position. The after math of war was world-wide in its significance and its incidence. Wages had gone up and the dairying indus try had to face new awards. Great assistance had been received from the families, but now that had lessened or entirely disappeared. Whether it was due to education or not he could not say, but the fact ' remained that the dairyman had to go to the open mar ket for labor. What chance did he have of getting an ample supply of suitable labor in competition with the city with its shorter hours and its al lurements? Another problem was transit; all freights .had increased. In addition there was the difficulty of finance, which the world has to face. A definite policy was being pursued by the banks at the present time and he thought it was right. They were enforcing a system of economy, and he hoped it would be forced on the Government so that it would only deal with necessary works. They were some* of the handicaps they had to face. They were now away from the beneficial buying of the British Go vernment and pools, and had to face an open market. They should now endeavor to retain control of the sale of tlieir products. One factor was the local market, and he knew of no country where consumers were better supplied, either as to quantity or quality. There was a need to develop that market, and to do that they would want greater population. One avenue of counteracting the disturb ing influences of the present time was 'to increase production. He would like to see a continued system of im migration. Their local market for six months of the year was governed by prices in London, and for the other six months by prices in other States. During the war conditions In England were such that the people got away from eating butter and had to take to margarine. While butter remained high they continued on margarine. Large stocks of butter had accumula ted, and they were now being inform ed that prices were falling. He did not view that with alarm; he thought it a blessing for it would probably bring the people back to butter. When they could get butter easily they would not get margarine. Mr Meares stated that eleven co operative societies in Australia had formed a federation and had decided to establish a selling floor in Tooley street, London. Tooley-street of London was the Sussex-street of Syd ney.. He was one of those chosen to go to England to establish the floor, and he dealt extensively with his visit. Australian trade had suffered because it had fallen into the hands of specu lators, there having been nobody there to look after it. The London market that governed the Australian prices was the free and easy London tnarket. The , establishment of the selling floor would, he was sure, give them better .conditions. The co operative movement in England had developed to a wonderful extent, and they had arranged to sell to a large co-operative organisation there. That was a great blessing. He saw no reason to depart from the optimis tic view which he had previously taken up regarding the dairying in dustry. There woj-e various economic cha/nges pressing. heavily on the man on the land in-. Australia. He could not depart from them, but he could do much to alleviate them. Having established ? themselves in London, 'they had become a definite commer cial identity. (He expressed the opinion that Australian butter'was better than Danish, but the Danes had standardised their brand, where as the multiplicity of brands was a handicap to Australian buttfr. He again expressed a hopeful future of the industry and urged producers to stick 'to the co-operative insurance they had inaugurated. In reply to questions, Mr Meares said the selling floor in London would not stick to butter, but would deal with all primary products. Dairying, he said, was a big thing and worth fighting for, but they ^vould have to combine to control the sale of their products. — 'Mercury.' When nobles die, in state they lie, ' Whilst heralds file 'the vouchers, 'Tis silver mounts for dukes and counts, But plain pine planks for 'scroueh- ers!' ?Yet coughs and colds make all men kin, In this trite tj-utli stands sure — Both peers and pedlars 'plunk- their tin' For Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 