Here and There A recent London cable stated that the Cabinet proposes to place all the Government's industrial establish- ments on short time in order to pro- vide employment for the greatest pos- sible number of work people. The Government is also asking local au- thorities to adopt a similar course in- stead of dismissing employees. Besides the short time scheme the Cabinet is establishing a special com- mittee of representatives of employ- ers, trade unions, and the Govern- ment, with wide terms of reference, to investigate the whole problem of unemployment, and devise a perman- ent plan to deal with it. The com- mittee meet daily. * * * In making the January distribution of cheese in the United Kingdom, the Ministry of Food states that if all is taken up it will absorb 5000 tons, leav- ing only 7000 tons on the Govern- ment's hands. Butter is steadily cheapening, as owing to the easier exchange Danish butter is being pur- chased here on very favourable terms. *?. : *? In a report submitted to the As- sistant Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Angus), Victoria, the exports superin- tendent of the department (Mr R. Crowe) stated that in the season to December 31 last,1. 9,660 tons of but- ter, valued at approximately £2,646, 840, had been received. Of this total, 7,392 tons, valued at £2,025,408 f.o.b., had been shipped. For the corres- ponding period of last year, the quan- tity of butter received for export was 5,668 tons, of which 3,517 tons had been shipped. * * * The. 'Times' says that the control of apples will cease on March 31. The Minister for Shipping has un- dertaken to arrange transport for at least 1,200,000. boxes from Australia, which will arrive in a free market. It is expected that the better-class varieties will command high prices. Speaking at a meeting of welcome to delegates to the Australian Dried Fruits' Association recently, the Go- vernor of South Australia (Sir Archi- bald Weigall) said that Australia un- doubtedly produced the best oranges in the world, and at a season when other countries could not produce them. He expressed the belief that the market for oranges, both in Aus- tralia and abroad, was assured. Perth celebrated her jubilee as a municipality on January 6 last. * * South Australian wheat harvest is estimated to yield 34,532,540 bushels, or an average of 15.93 bushel's an acre. The yield of barley is fixed at 4,332, 698 bushels, or 20.24 bushels to the acre, and oats 3,462410 bushels, with an average acre yield of 16.89 bush- els. Compared with last season the area sown for grain, hay, and fodder with wheat was 2,497,749 (2,449,837) acres, an increase of 47,912 acres: bar- ley 214,178 (165,113) acres, increase 49,065. The following show dates, amongst others, have been approved of by the Royal Agricultural Society: — Donny- brook Autumn Show, Wednesday, March 2, 1921; Nannup, March 16, Balingup, March, 1921. * * * It has now been definitely determin- ed by Lord Milner, Secretary of State for the Colonies, after consulta- tion, with the Treasury Department, to extend for another year the scheme under which ex-members of the army, navy, and other Imperial war services have a right to free passages to the Dominions, if the are individually ap- proved of by the Dominion immigra- tion authorities in London. Some question had arisen as to whether Australia was prepared to guarantee that the new settlers would be looked after by the Government for a short time after arrival. Lord Milner's de- cision was made, however, in antici- pation of assurances from Mr. Hughes on that point. * * The Deputy Commissioner for War Service Homes recently stated that it was desired to stimulate building ac- tivity in country districts. It was proposed to deal with the applications in the following way: (1) Applicants may submit their own plan for ap- proved prepared at their own ex- pense. (2) Plan being approved ap- plicants will be required to obtain a price from a reputable contractor to build house according to War Ser- vice Homes specifications — competi- tive prices wherever possible. (3) Price being satisfactory to Deputy Commissioner and applicant a con- tract will be entered into and work commenced. Progress payments will be made upon the certificate of an officer of the Commissioner. (4) Land in most districts is held by the Commissioner and applicants will be expected to use these blocks as far as is consistent with their requirements. Further particulars may be obtained from the hon. secretary (Mr. T. H. Savory). ♦ ♦ ? ♦ At present the English market is flooded with Nova Scotian and Ame- rican apples, fully 95 per cent. of which are selling under the control prices, Oregon Newtowns fetching 20s., and Californian Jonathans from 16s. to 18s. 