RED REVOLT. - QUELLED BY NEPTUNE. I-Iow a storm at sea thwarted plots ol Radical deportees to talco over comman- of tlio steamer Eslhonla of tho Baikal American lino on which 'they wen being shipped to soviet Russia by tin tho United States Government was re- lated uy it. J. SKomngton, assistani commissioner of immigration, win accompanied tho Reds on tho trip (says tho "Boston Transcript" of the 2n( April). Mr. Skefllngton, who returnee to Boston from his mission on t'hi Adriatic of tlio "White Star line, salt lite thoughts of tho malcontent! changed from Sovlolism to soasicltnes! ,as the vessel tossed two days in 0 violent gale. "They lost ail courage nnd forgot all about, their plans for. setting up a.Httk Soviet of their own on the stpamor,' ho said. They wero migllty glad tc lenvo tho command of tlio Estlioifia hi tho more capablo hands; of Captair Chrlstonsen for tho remainder of the voyage." "TIGRESS" ASSUMES LEADER SHIP. The Eslhonla left I-Iobokcn on lsl February, Including among her pas sengers the Radicals who had been as sembled at Deer Island: Mr. Skefllng ton said the steamer was hardly heyonc tho 2 mile limit before tho trouble be gan. , "Among tho Russiahs'was a womm: liumod Rosa Oradovsky who turned oul to bo. a verltablo tigress. She under took charge of the Rqds, was accepter as their leader and promptly began tc demand better accommodation than the third-class quurters that had boei: allotted to them. "Our distinguished people are leaving your rotten country and wo deserve first class passages," she was quoted as suylng. Captain Clu-fstensen told Jier she and her fellow travellers would have to get along with tho accommodation they had, Rosa called an Indignation meet ing in tho steerage quarters and biio and her followers set about to win 400 Russians on tho steamer on their side This was accomplished with little dlffl- Clm.y' "cc!'a'nS to Mr. Skefllngton. The Radicals and their sympathisers next formed committees and again Si m .n iho captaln; Backed by Air. Skefllngton, the captain denied their request for first cabins, but in order to placato them ho assigned 1G second class staterooms to them. Not satis- ?7 -.I c?»cesSions, Rosa nnil 17 of the radicals proclaimed them selves anarchists and announced that they would tako over the ship. DRAWS DECK DEADLINES. Captain Chrislensen Informed her that the steumer llew the Danish flag and that tho crew of 200 -would resist any attempt at insurrection. lie caused wlilto chalk lines to ho drawn on the port and starboard decks near tho radicals' quarters and stationed armed guards with orders to shoot the first. person that dared trespass beyond tho designated point. Mr. Skefllngton said that he wns seriously considering sending a radio call for help when 200 Germans, who wero also passengers on tho steamer informed tlio captain that they were ready to aid him in tho event ot trouble. Rosa had sot a time limit in which Captain Cliristcnsen eoulil give up the command of the J-lsthonia "without bloodshed," hut a few hours before tho time storm clouds appeared, the wind roso and soon tlio ship was rock- , Ins in a heavy sea. The first to suc cumb to tlio discomforts of seasick ness was Rosa, according to Air. Slcef- flngton, and it wasn't very long beforo uio others were similarly (liBcomniodeti, "After that tho radicals contented themselves with arguing tho differ ences between anarchism and soviet- ism," he said. "Rosa's leadership was threatened as the steamer drew near Dmizlg because of her views. Sha refused to join In a telegram of greet ing to the soviet government which wns sent at Danzig, becaitso she sahl slio was against all governments. ESCORTED ASIIORE BY SOLDTERS. "At Llbnu a lieutenant In tho Lat vian- army eamo on board anil, -m boing informed of tlio troubla at sea, sent for soldiers and escorted the de portees to a train which was to take thorn to Riga." \- Air. Skefllngton said ho was tohl that tlio soviet government was execut ing all avowed anarchists. He sahl tlio 17 anarchists In the party all learned this nml did not sc.-m to relish their trip to Russia. On Ills way buck, Arr. Skefllngtiin stepped off I11 several European coun tries, where ho said it seemed to hltn as if every 0110 wanted to como to this country. Accompanying him on tho trip of tho "second soviet ark" were Victor Ilag- berg, in elim-go of Immigration de partment men; Air. .J. Cunningham, .a Deer Island deputy, and Cornelius Keating, a. Boston attorney, all ot Whom accompanied tlio Roils lo Ho- bokon. On leaving Deer lslnnd tlio Russians asked tlint tlieir love bo given lo the American people, excepting I "officials and tho rich oppressors of tlio American people," 