NEWS IN BRIEF. The West Australian elections Lave re sulted in the present ?Goverment remaining in office. Seuatoi1 Duncan charges the Taxpayers' . Association of Victoria with- making a clever move to 'kill' Canberra A number of business .bouses'' have offer ed to contribute food parcels and to pro vide meals for the unemployed Sir Adrian Knox is to be .presented by the A.J.C. with a portrait of himself. A duplicate will be retained by the club What Australia needs, says Mr Hughes, is the revival of pride and inteiest in woTk, a feature which, has been lost dining late yea,rs. During a wood-chopping event at Coff's Harbour an axe flew from the hands of one of the competitors and danpeiously in jured an onlooker. Mr. Loughlin, Minister far L.inds, states that he is not .at all favourably impressed with the Macquarie Vale or Montavella soldier settlements. ' Mr. Dooley, replying to a deputation from the Citizens' Relief Committee, said it might, J-e necessary to reduce wages, but .the standard of living must not be lowered. Major Man;, M.H.R.. secretary to the Canberra Vigilance Committee, says that . numerous inquiries are being maude for land fo.r building operations at the capital.' At the Yarrawonga court Thomas Mills, a drover, Albury, was fined £5, in default one month's imp-iso.nment, with £5^0/2 costs, on a charge of cruelly ill-treating' a sheep. The gold yield for Australia, for .January and February of this yea,r . is 1036 fine ounces less than last year's period. New \- South Wales showed a decrease of 452 ounces, s ' At a picnic organised bv the Croydon Presbyterian Boys' Olub in Sydney. Miss Eileen Cangless. 20. o_f Orovdon Avenue, Qrovdon, -fell' from the launch and was drowned. ' - . ?- The . explosion of a charge of gelignite in Prince Alfred Park, when portion of a tree was blown away and windows were shattered, is believed to .have been caused by small boys. Dang Kim, a Gundagai Chinaman, who saved enough cash to go to_ China, has written to 'Gundagai bookmakers thanking' them for their kindness to him while iie was 'at Gundagai. _ j The State Auditor-General is to inquire into the allegations against the Fire Br:- ' gades Board.' The question of victimisa tion will be dealt with by an officer .of .the Labour Department. - . The Labour Conference, which opens' on Saturday, is expected to provide a trian gular trial of- strength between the A.L.P., the- State Labour party, 'and a section lcd^by Mr. Catts. ' - . At a conference of poultry-breeders in Melbourne' it ~ was agreed that Australia should be .represented at the World Poultry. Congress; to be -hold at The Ilajue in September. ??' - ' ' , Stops are beino; tckon.t-o establish' branch laboratories' at Porb 1'io-ie and Lismore in connection with tbe new Federal Health Department as well as at' another centre' . not yet determined. , \ Joy Graham, ' .2$,' the infant daughter of' the stationmaster .at ?Gunbower, Vic, nviiile playing with matches. on Wednesday,. - set fire to her .clothing, and was badly * -burnt, and died from shock.' A wodld's record has been established at ttie New Zealand' Utility Poultry, Club's egg-laying ? competition by- a team of six ducks, which in, a twa years' test exceeded t-.e' existing record by ^00 eg'gs.. „ ? The chapman of the Repatriation Com mission. Melbourne, replying to Mr. Ash worthj . denies the charges of squandering public' money, and asserts that savings have been made by the' department. , Consideration has been given, -by the Central Council of the Producers' Asso ciation to the proposed ^Customs tariff, as it affects primary producers, and certain recommendations have* been made.-' ' ; It. is . suggested that: Sir Joseph Cook should remain in Australia 'to look after Parliament during .Air. Hughes's absence, and that the appointment of High Commis sioner .should be lield in suspense. Lysaght's Newcastle Works Ltd., with a capital -of £1 ,000,000/ has' been registered in Sydney. ? The'-whole of the mo'ney will te used 'to acquire by purchase the steel' mills, works,- land,' etc.,. of John Lysaght Ltd: ' ~ - . A -fire broke out on a farm at' Garra baldi, near Young. Mrs. Taylor, wife ui: the owner, armed with a green bu3h, . fought the fire until help arrived. Her ijfiiiok saved hundreds of pounds worth of hay. The Queensland Prices Commissioner has decided to fix the price of various classes of leather, as he has received complaints that excessive rates have been charged. TJie prices of several lines of groceries m~e also to 'be reduced. Major Stowe submitted a scheme to the Federal Public Works Committee fortiie re-modelling of the G.P.O., Sydney. This j included the resumption of the block ? bounded by Martin Place, George, Pitt, ' and 'King streets. j Margaret Coyle, aged 39, was knocked ? down at the corner of Castlereagh and King streets, Sydney. One of her legs was . severed and her ribs fractured, 'and she also ; received concussion of the brain and j severe shock. She died a few hours later. | T''e ?ydnev branch of the Baking Trades Employees' Federation proposesto 'nck'thc Industrial Court to make provision i in tl'.e bakers' award for payment 'at tho I ynic of 4/4 per hour if the employees should be called I'liin to work 'on the day ; preceding Good Fiiday. j Mr. Roberts, representative of 'the New' South Wales branch of the Returned Sol diers and Sailors' Invperial League, stated that he. is satisfied' that the-soldiers~ aro . getting a square ' deal from the Federal Cabinet in connection with war- service homes. ' - . ?? ' Tho Bishop of Winchester, Dr. Tnlbot, last month celebrated three anniversaries. It rs 50 years since he was ordained priest, was installed 'as warden of Keble College, Oxford, and was married. ' Farnham Urban District Council has prescnte'd an address, | -congratulating! the bishop and Mrs. Talbot j upon their golden wedding. j The United States Consul-General at -Auckland has received a letter from ? the flagship of the Pacific Squadron, saying ,' that the Navy Department contemplates sending 'eight battleships, twenty destroy-^ ers; and nine supply ships and tenders on i a cruise- to Australia and the South Sea [ Islands during July-, August,, and- Septem- i her next. The flesL will stop at Auckland. J T.he'. Queens' and Treasurer, Mr, -Filiclly, j in an address to liis const. tuents. said: — , '1 am one of those who believe- that immi- . grants are necessa,ry, -but I think it would be criminal folly to bring immigrants here-' at present, unless we Jiavo the capilal ! with which to put them on the land. We must build up some scheme whereby the !m-J migant is -not ' left helpless by the way-' .side.', ?_'..*? -A. fatal accident occurred at Pyengana on the' Etast Coast of Tasmania.- when Thomas James Treloggen, oi'JSt, Helen's, aged 45, was killed by the .limb of. n tree j which he, his brother, and two employees were -felling. The other men * saw the ; danger, and escaped, -bat Treloggcn Was '. pinned clown, and his spine was broken in i three places. He had been, married only three months. . ' ' '. ' , ',. , A disgraceful incident occurred during a ? JJarvevt Thanksgiving Service which was being held in, the Methodist Church, Tinahely, ' County '. Wicklow, recently. When the Rev. J. W. Jobnstone was preaching, a large stone, thrown by some - person outside, smashed the large stained glass window at the back' of the pulpit. Tho stone . riarro\yly missed Mr. Johristone. Two of the ladies in the choir received Blight cuts from flying glass. On behalf of the painters and dockers j employed at the Commonwealth . Naval- : Dockyards, .Cockatoo Island, and the : dockyard at William stown, a plaint was - before Mr. Justice Powers in the Arbitra- \ tion Court to provide that for that class ' of labour permanent and casual rates of pay be fixed. Broadly, the application was , for an increase of wages from 1/10 per j hour to .2/3 per hour,, based on the; increased cost of living. Judgment was J reserved. . ] Sylvanham homestead, m the Gtmbari district, the property of 'Mr. Alexander ] MArth'ur, a well-known member of the \ Flannel's and Settlers' Association,- was \ completely destroyed by fire. Mr. M' Arthur \ was awakened at one o'clock by the crack- ) ling, and found his bedroom ablaze. He : attempted _ to combat the fire, but the flames rapidly spread and demolished the. whole, place. Mr. and Mrs. M' Arthur' escaped in their night clothes. - The dam age, over £1000, was only' partly covered by insurance. . ' v When the employees woiking on soldiers' homes at Junee presented themselves at work on Friday morning, they were informed by -the foreman that their ser vices were not further required, as a tele fram had been received, bearing instruc tions to stop all work. Fouir homes' are thus left .almost completed. A siimlar tele gram, it was stated, was despatched to all towns where soldiers' homes are- being' erected. At the Dunedin wool sales prices were disappointing, and 10 per cent, of the offering was sold. Bidding was irregular. A few lets brought above the London pa rity, but others, were neglected. Farmers' crossbieds realised from od. to Gd. ; .hog gets. 7Jd. ; and station half-breds were passed at lOJd. It is estimated that? the waterside hold-up cost the Otago wool growers £80,000; owing to 'the slump 'in prices since .February 21, when the sales should have been held. A motor car, in which were a_ woman and a baby in her arms, fell from tho punt at Taren Point, George's River, into the water, owing to something going wrong with the engine. The vehicle sank immediately, and Mrs: Banfield and her child went down with it, but came to the surface again. Two men jumped in and rescued them. ' The mother was little the worse for her adventure, but tho baby received a- severe shock. The United Labourers' Union, is opposed to the views expressed bv the extremists in the New South Wales Labour Council. Tlie union carried the following motion : — 'We recognise that the time has come when we should make a stand against tho white ant tactics of the New South Wales Labour Council. We - resent, the veiled a npea.ls of the council to the underworld of labour to resort to force. To such tac tics we aro emphatically opposed.' Tlie union 'decided to affiliate with the A.L.P. ' # Samuel Hills, aged 16 yo'ars, an appren tice on tho steamer Trebartha, lying at Jones Briy, wns overcome by fumes from tV-e fumigation- of the vessel, and fell a distance of 40ft. down the hold. Tbe hatch covers had been placed over tho holds to- keen the^ fumes down, anrl'Hilli was assisting; with their removal. Willing hands immediately descended to bis assis tance, and he was removed by the Civil .) Ambulance to Sydney Hospital suffering i From concussion of the brain, as well as , from the effects of the fumes. . . j ' .-???.? .-.??'??.? A notice has been posted at MounB ' ' Morgan that, owing to the supply of ore . being insufficient to keep the blast fur ' naces continuously operating, all opera* I tions in connection with copper production - ,', are declared to_be non-continuous in the . future. All operations will cease on 24th ! March, and, owing to tlie heavy repair ? ''., | work which has to be undertaken- during the' shut down, it 'is -uncertain whon this ' - ' ,' will be sufficiently advanced to admit' of -\ _?..'-' the' resumption- of operations, but in any ' ' ' p event it will not be prior to April. -\ - \- Speaking at Parramatta Sir-- Joseph \\- -, Cook emphasised 'the need for greater co- ' , - 'operation between parties and Parliament \- and between individuals outside. He could never recollect a time, he said, whon ' ? - it was so difficult to govern the country as.it was to-days. Their troubles were disorganisation 'and want of unity. There ? ?was too much bitterness. 'We are living in troubled days,' he added. 'I would suggest that instead of ? fostering and fomenting those conditions we should gst together more and more.' In view of the forthcoming' census, and the probable redistribution of electorates which will follow thereon, the Common wealth Electoral Administration draws special attention to the obligation imposed by law upon electors who have changed their places -of living and become qualified for re-enrolment. All electors concerned who have not already.: lodged fresh claims for enrolment; with the proper registrars must do so at once, otherwise action will be taken by the divisional returning offi cers without delay to put in force the compulsory provisions of the Act. Speaking at the Blayney show Mr. Carl Johnson, M.L.A., said that it would be a good thing if in .place of the agitation for a northern State or southern -State' the people in the metropolitan area agitated for the County of Cumberland to be pro claimed a separate State. They would then have control of railways, and control the bulk of the seaboard with its. many harbours to which the men of the country ? could send their produce. 'However,' he added, 'no powerful section of the press would-be likely, to advocate this policy, because the interests of the country are al ways made subservient to the city.' A proclamation' in a special issue of the ' ' ' Commonwealth Gazette,' March 21 was. fixed as the date of the' commence ment of the Navigation A'ct, 1920. None of the provisions of tlie original Nav- ig.i- . tion Act of 1912, as added to or amended by: the 1920 Act will be effective until' .brought into operation by another pr.i- - : clamation. The Minister for. Customs, Mr. Massy Greene, stated that it is in- v tendod to issue this other proclamation , this .week, bringing into operation on a . $ ' ' . date, to be stated therein the coastal pro visions of the .Navigation Act .1912-1920. From investigations being made into land sale transactions at Perth; it appears that holders who are anxious to realise on bonds have, in .numerous cases, 'accepted £50 cash amd a block of land, alleged to be worth £50, as full value for £100. In a number of cases these blocks prove to be worth in open market less than £50; and in others there was a balance to pay on the .. ^ transferred block.. As the gratuity seller did not pr»y this balance promptly the - ' block was forfeited,- and iesold'by tlie gra- , tuity bond- buye:-. One block is said to have been thus sold' five times. The ' Treasury is now -investigating these trans- ' - V actions. ' - An unexpected development has occurred in the position of the War Service Homes ' . - Commissioner, which for some time has been held by Colonel J. Wancer. At very short notice the chairman of the Repatria tion Commission, Colonel J. M. Semmens, ''- was called upon by tho Federal Cabinet to take up the duties of Acting War Service Homes Commissioner, and he lias been in charge of the administration since. A i special 'Gazette' was issued, stating that Colonel Walker had been given seven days' leave of absence, and that Colonel 6-&in-; mens had been appointed to act as War Service Homos Commissioner during his absence on leave. Ministers decline to dis cuss the matter. Tlie Minister for Lands, replying to criticism levelled at- his administration by . - the president of tlfo Returned Sailors- and Soldiers' Leaglue, s/iid that the money ' ' * provided by tlie Federal Government for - the settlement of returned soldiers was not being used for civilian vsettlers. In cases where Federal money had been spent on '.'''; railway development it was entirely for the benefit of returned men. Moreover, ' - every inch ( of land opened up in this way was to be' devoted to the settlement of ' _',-? soldiers as distinct from other settlers, .» ''V . and the money received from the Federal - '? '-? Government for soldier settlements has ' ,? ., \ been devoted to that purpose only. ^ - ? ?,?' ,'-, When the final adjustments. . of the - numerous claims by maritime unions for ' '- increased wages and shorter hours hays' ? . T ' been made, it is feared that the shipping companies whose ' steamers are now en* . ''.' gnged in the interstate passenger and en-go tiade will be obliged to make, further . ' advances in passenger and cargo rates to ' ' meet the oxtra costs involved. 'It seems - '\ .inevitable that passenger fares and freights will : be increased as soon as we ascertain the extra cost of running the Bhips,' said Mr. W. T. Appleton. chairman of the Com monwealth Steamship Owners' Federation, ~ discussing the position. 'If accounts do not balance, the extra charge will certainly nave to be passed on to the public. The Glen Innes police made a smart s capture, when a young man was arrested ) on a charge of being suspected 'as perpe- j trator, at Hillgrove, of the robbery of the I post-office, when the safe waj3 blown open \ with gelignite, and £200 worth of stamps | and money taken. The suspect reached j Glen Innes shortly before noon, having j engaged a motor car at Armidale, 18 miles i this side of Hillgrove, and travelled by it i to Glencoe, 14 miles on the south side of i Glen Innes, where he breakfasted. When I arrested he had in his possession about j £130 worth of stamps,' and cash suspected ; of being the proceeds of the robbery, also ; a number of plugs of gelignite, an auto- j matic revolver, and other implements. 'Many representations have been made 'to the Government that Anzac Day, on April 25, should be maintained as a day ? ?& solemn thanksgiving,' said the Prime Minister, Mr. Hughes, 'rather than that it should be celebrated as an ordinary holi day. The day marks an epoch in Austra lian history. Its name is associated with all the glories and sacrifices of the A.l.F. and 'the great deeds of the Australian sol diers, as weHas the cause wincli in. the end they achieved. I entirely agree that it would be very proper and fitting that An zac Day should be observed as a great, solemn, national day. Just what the Go vernment can do in order to assist in this direction has, however, fi'of yet been de cided.' Victorian flour-millers urged upon the chairman of the Australian Wheat Board (Senator Russell) the restoration of the : open market for flour, and the fixing of the price of wheat fo-r local gristing, on the basis of .the world's parity. In support of the latter request privately cabled ad vice was. quoted that wheat was being offered in England at the equivalent of 8/ ?»-a bushel f.o.b. on a 70/ freight basis, and it was asked why the Australian export trade should be strangled by fixing .9/ a bushel for wheat for gristing here. Seria ' tor Russell said that .his 'advices did not tally with the statement that wheat was offering in England at 8/'. iae promised to bring the request before the board later in the week. j ?'-? The Government of Western Australia ' ? ihas decided to fall into line with the other . States in regard to a policy of co-operation with -the Commonwealth Government for ? the purpose of carrying out the new immi gration scheme. For some, time Western Australian Ministers took the view that as the Sta'te was making excellent pro gress in the attraction of immigrants by . snaking its own arrangements it would be ' 'wiser for the Government to continue this policy of aloofness. Recently the Federal Director of Immigration, Mr. H. S. Gul Jefct, visited Western Australia far the purpose of conferring with the Premier, Mr! Mitchell, on the matter. .As -.a result . of Mr. Gullett's visit the Premier has de cided, to throw in his lot with the other States. The mixed tribunal provided for under Article £04 of the Treaty of Versailles has now been constituted, 'and is about to be gin its work in London. The president is Professor Eugene Borel, a Swiss jurist, and professor of public and international law m the University of Geneva. A great part : of the work of the tribunal is to decide as to debts under Article 296 of the Treaty, where a difference lias arisen be tween an enemy debtor and an enemy r creditor, or between the British and Ger man clearing offices. The contracting parties, so the Minister for Customs is . informed, have agreed that then; courts and authorities shall render the mixed tri bunal all the assistance in their powor as regards transmitting notices and collecting evidence. The decisions of the tribunal a-ro ?final and conclusive. Differences in freight are said to be the .only reason why American flour exporters are capturing the market in the East, at the expense of Australian millers. Mr. H. ' van Assche, in a letter to the press, showed iiow opportunities for the' development of ' profitable trade were being lost, and quot ed figures to prove that Australian ex ' porters could not compete with Americans at existing rates. Senator Rxissell. chair man of the Wheat Board, stated that the ' fact that freight rates from Australia were (higher than those from America was re- , sponsible for the fact that American flour ' could be landed at Java and other Eastern ports at a lower figure than that from Australia. A' meeting of the Wheat Board will be .held, and it is probable that new and reduced shipping rates will be submit ted for consideration. - j .Jiidgmenit was1 ? given by Mr. Justice j Powers in the Arbitration Court in the j application by Dalgety and Co. Ltd. and I others v. the Waterside Workers' Fede- ; ration of Australia, to vary the award of' 1917 by omitting the clause granting pre- | fer'ehce c-t employment to members of the Waterside Workers' Federation.; It wa:s admitted t^a-t preference was only granted bcause the Applicants would not undertake not to discriminate, the refusal being due to the fact that they had promised the . Loy'alty Association, the me'mbers of which had assisted them during the strike, that' preference would be given to them. The Loyalist Organisation has since ceased to exist as a rival union to the Wateride Workers' Federation, and the applicants , offered, in these circumstances, to give the ; Instnamed union 'an undertaking not to ; discriminate. The application was granted, j According to official advices .received. by . ?the Minister of Trade and Customs, there is little- demand for Australian canned fruits in the market of the United King dom at present. In January Mr. Greene was notified by cable message that large stocks of this class of goods were being ca,rried by -British merchants, and that, judging by the poor demand, the prospects for the next season's 'pack' did not ap pear to be bright. The Minister has now received a statement from the High Com missioner's office in amplification of this message, showing that imports to the United Kingdom from Australia divring the past three years have been particularly heavy. It is considered, by competent judges that the British markets has been oversunplied, and Aiistralian shippers aie warned to be cautious as to the extent of their shipments for this season's products. In view of the proposals now under con sideration in relation to the price of butter for export and- local consumption, the fol lowing .cable -message from London, 're ceived by 'the Minisfer tor Customs,. is of interest! — 'It -is 'estimated that the Go vernment' stock is equivalent to six months' supply, and that' the liquidation Vill not .be. completed'- uiitil the 'end .of the year. All 'dairy produce will', be dccolitrcllcd by the end of .this month. The final'foit- niph'tly . distribution by the Government will V-'c made on Monday 'next at 293/. Tho late'st' Danish purchase by the Ministry ! Was at 216/, whish had the effect of divert ing f-V r/er ,cent. of tho Danish supplies elsciU-.ere, - realising; 250/, f.o.b. Poor quality butter is being sold at the multinle sWns at'2/8 per lb., ad it is anticipated that' when frosh Irish supplies are avail able- this class of butter will 'be sold for 2/3 per lb. The coroner' si inquest into the cause of the disaster at 'Cadi a some days ago, when a number of men. were killed through a blasting cha;rge exploding in the ironstone quarry of Messrs. G. and C. Boskins,,was opened at Milthorpe. Evidence was given by William Taylor, a powder monkey, that he was loading a hole in the quarry with a blasting charge, and had just in serted tne fuse when he saw smoke issu ing from the hole. Knowing there were a number of men working below he called out to them, but it was too late. _ The ground rose up about 3ft., and witness was thrown back clear. 'Mr. Jacquet Chief Inspector of Mines, gave the opinion that a piece of smouldering fuse must have come in contact with the powder, thus causing the explosion. The coroner found that the deaths of the nine men were caus ed by a. premature explosion occurring ac cidentally, and that no blame was attach able to anyone. . A decision affecting the liability of a marriage gift to taxation was given by the High Court consisting of the Chief Jus tice, and Justices Duffy, Rich 'and Starke. John L. Peters, boot manfacturer, of North Melbourne, entered into a. verbal agreement made 'before and in considera tion of marriage,' that he would, after marriage, transfer to his intended wife certain land in East St. Kilda. The pro perty was, after marriage, transferred as arranged. . and the collector 'of imposts assessed the duty on the gift of land, worth £1850, at £27/15/. The Stamp Act speci lcally ' exempted marriage settlements from imposts, and the State Full Court held that no duty was chargeable. T.he Full Court of tire High Court decided that the instrument of transfer was subject to duty.- It held, however, tha.t a. mortgage of £865 (and interest) unon the property should be allowed for, and the amount of taxation was therefore reduced to £9/16/. A disastrous fire occurred in tl-e. Mount G-ambior potato drying factory, which was destroyed. It is estimated the loss will be between £5000. and £6000. The fire oc curred at the premises of the FrnncisWil liams Co-operative Co. Ltd. ' At about seven o'clock in the evening the manager, Mr. G. W. Dalitz, and Mr. T. Herbert re turned to the office to do some clerical work. The engineer, Mr. D. Walters, was on the premises attending to the potatoes, and at about 'a quarter to 9 he reported that the furnace of the boiler had been extinguished and everything was in order. About twenty minutes afterwards the men. in the .office heard a crackling noise, jand the manager, on opening the door, noticed that the rear portion of the building where the dried potatoes were stocked ' wero ablaze. The railway station bell was rung and the town fire brigade was prompt to act. There was 'a shockingly madeo.ua le water pressure,' and- it .was impossible to check the spread of' the fire. The flames leapt over 50ft. in the air.- Practically the only thing 'which escaped was the engine room. Before Mr. T. B. Wade, P.M., at the Yarrawohga court, the shire of Yairrawonga was on Thursday proceeded against by the Factories and Shops Department, through Inspector Harrington, far a breach of the factory engine drivers' determination, ? in that the shire employed during the week ended November 27 last Claude Beckwith; an electrical engineer; at a lower rate of wages than the rate provided for in the determination. Mr. A. G. Permezel prose cuted for the department, and Mr. R. P. Lowers appeared for the defence. The facts were that the determination was for a weekly wage of £5/3/3 for 48 hours per week, while the wages paid were £o per week. Tho employe worked' considerably over 48 ? Jiours per week, 'and a. claim was made for overtime from the date of tho determination on the 11th October1 last until November 27. The bench found the offense, proved, and inflicted a fine of £1 with £8/1/7 costs, and made an order for payment to the employe of the sum of £23/9/10 for wages and' overtime short paid. The delay now being experienced in con nection with the payment of -the war gra tuity was attributed by the district finance officer in Melbourne mostly to difficulties with claims on account of deceased sol diers. This was largely due to the fact that claimants and others when communi cated with regarding claims did not reply. This was particularly evident in the case of what were termed 'waivures,' from persons who might be possible claimants. A 'waivure' was in the form. of a statu tory declaration, which, was fonvai'ded ready for signature, and was a statement that the declarant would not claim the gratuity, The most frequent form of wai vure was in cases where f,he father and mother of. a deceased soldier were equally entitled, and one of them claimed. It was then .necessary for the other to waive his or her claim. A great many applica tions were now being held up at Victoria Barracks owing to failure of persons com municated with to waive their claims or or 'to reply to other correspondence. An excuse often given was, 'We thought there was no particular hurry.' Persons thus ?delaying payment of the gratuity en tailed a considerable additional expense to the country in the maintenance of the staff for a longer period than should be neces sary, and in the conduct of voluminous correspondence. It was hoped that the outstanding requirements under the act would bo speedily attended to by all con cerned. 