THE PASSING SHOW. By ORIEL ALPHABET A LA MODE. 'A Und. for Allan, who caused all the fuss, B for the Bother be Brought upon us. 0 for the Courage of every new candidate, J) A has Doubtless the 60th a handy date!" E for Economy-La-son's "big act," F for the Figures which Furnish the Fact. G is the Government-long may it reign! H for the Hope 'twill he Happy again. I am convinced we' will see it come bat-, J, the stock jokes which the candidates crack. K for the Fukui., so keen on a Krash, L stands for Lawson-on him put your cash. if for the Members who'll lose their good seats, 2s is the need to look out for defeats. "0, for a moment of glorious power!" p Prendergast's Party all Pray by the hour. I", the big query to whether they'll gain it, R is the Reason-no need to explain it! S for the Soldiers all Settlers and Set T 1- the Tribute their Government get. U for the Union of Farmers give trusted, V (or the Voters they partly disgusted. "2. Wheat and the Worries involved, X for His X and the Misses he dissolved. It you go and see that your name on the roll; _ Is the end of this plan of the polls'! The "" is silent, as in guinea-pig. Two planks were found on the Sandring- ham railway line lost Saturday night. It certainly looks as if some party had carelessly dropped them out of its platform. THE DIPPY DIALOGUES. "And how do I find you, little one?" I Mid rather soundly as the dinner-party settled down into its stride. "How do you find mc?'' she echoed a little sarcastically, as she toyed with her rates of postage By looking round the table, and using your intelligence. As a matter of fact, I'm the first on your left marked with a white cross in the photo- graph." I looked at her ruminativelj*. "One is very smart this evening, is not one?" I said gently. , "Not particularly. To tell the truth, one feels rather dishevelled." Why? Did you dress in the dark?" "Do I look as if I had?" The with part news. I "Certainly not. But all the best suburbs seem to be that way these days. The electricity people are giving their nightly performance of The Light That s"ailed. Seven times a week, and twice on Satur- days. She raised her dexter eyebrow, much to the jealousy of its just-as-pretty twin, on the port side of her face, "Sounds a black outlook," she smiled. "It is. Things are very dark indeed. Did you hear the sad story of Mrs. Lyle Topps-" "I don't know her." I "You wouldn't. She was dressing to go to a (three-party the other night, and was almost ready, when the electric light went out. Her taxi was waiting, so she hastily groped for her dressing-table, and powdered her nose in the dark. Unfortunately her maid had been cleaning the silver tops on her brushes an' bottles an', things, and the careless hussy had left the pink polishing powder in its little tin on the table. You can guess what happened," She nodded "Well, that's one way of getting a grow up before you go to a dull party," she said, reflectively. "Was. the lady much upset?" "Not at all. She took it smilingly. In fact, her face positively shone for the rest of the evening." And then there was a long silence, only broken by a Lobster a la Bordelaise calling to its mates A The authorities are conducting a campaign against Sunday football. Apparently leather is not always the best thing for souls. August Fed-Up this day betimes, and find there is much rain and hail, so back to bed, where I have my breakfast brought me by my wife, who complains mightily of the cold, for which I chid her that she does not, endure it as I do, Later, to the city by taxi, where I Beck the Minister for Customs, but am told he is in hiding from the Housewives, who are mighty wrath because they learn that there are a million surplus women in Great Britain, who would come to the Dominions seeking husbands., and so ruin the local industry, which is already in a bad way. Also they seek to force Mr. Massy Greene to put a duty of 500 per cent, at face value on all imported spinsters, and that he would gainsay them, but dares not meet them again. for I hear that he pointed out a cable which said that in British East Africa the natives find that, unlike other commodities, the cost of wives is still 50 per cent. more than before the war, and he is now in recess until he can find a definition of the word "commodities." But, Lord! how true it is, as I know who have only one wife, and do wonders greatly at the savages who do wish for more than one. Which I tell my wife on going home; the cat she replies, that even an ignorant savage woman does not want more than one husband; but I do not know what she means by that, though I fear it is some parties by the way- she toss her head. But I take no notice, for I fear she hath discovered that I did not post a letter to her aunt these ten days' gone, and still have it in my pocket. the railway engineers' wage claims have been granted. Another triumph for engines lug! Professor Osborne's objections to empty tins and their one-time contents may have come from a full heart, and were doubtless scientifically sound, but he puts up a record for the most forlorn of forlorn hope, if he expects to clear the suburban back yards of emptyJood this. What makes the sage professor Sid, what makes his heart to break? It cannot be the cost of gas, nor yet the price of life--. It's the evidence of laziness he cannot disregard. As he peers between the palings backing some suburban yard It's the tins, it's the tins, it's the jam and salmon this, That stir the physiologist until he almost weeps; It's the empty habitation of the dietetic sins, That give unto the scientist the scientific . creeps. What makes the housewife keep so cool, and never lost her punch? Although some passing clergyman Invites himself to lunch; ' (Alas! for parsons underpaid who cannot feed themselves, It's the doubtful potted nutriment upon her pantry shelves. ' It's the tins, it's the tins, of herrings and pre- serves, that save the situation when the butcher hadn't been; Her troubles if the menu shocks Professor Os homes nerves, And the oil store won't denounce her from the soup in the tureen. A chop's a handy thing to have likewise a tongue' or ham; A roast of beers convenient, and so's a leg of lamb; But when the meatsafe's petered out, and all the shops are shut, It may be chemically unsound and unhygienic but, It's the tins, it's the tins, the tins of fish and fruit Obtained against emergency, and in the pan- try stowed; The ltoiibevvife doesn't care a straw, she's got to (evil the brute I Admonitions are superfluous-Pbjaiologlsts be blowed I Stringing a chair around his head, a boot shop proprietor put to flight two would-be robbers. This was a very' informal meeting, but at every meeting it is the custom to respect the chair. To illustrate how circumstantial evidence may frequently, look black against a perfectly innocent manner. Maxwell, M.H.R., quoted in the Divorce Court on Wednesday an experience of his OWE some years. ago, when on going into Cole's to buy a pocket book he had absent-mindedly slipped it into his pocket to see whether it would fit Jorttnatehr,' he replied that, he says, before someone tapped him on the freeholder and asked him to explain matters-. Forton ate it was, undoubtedly - for the other party; for Mr. Maxwell's irresistible logic and eloquence would certainly in the end have persuaded the pocket-books owner not only to abandon suspicion, prosecution, and pocket-book, but also to pay substantial costs to the other side. Hut Mr. Maxwell's experience is not unique. We know of a man who thought of ordering a nonsuit, but was undecided whether to have the lining made of Italian cloth or Roman satin, so he put his hand into another man's pocket outside the central station to see what material the other fellow's lining was made of. Some people with ultia- suspicioua minds might have imagined wrong things of that man if they had seen the episode. There was another man one night in a residential suburb who was chased by a wild bull and dashed into the garden of a private house and climbed through the bathroom window for shelter. He was seen, and a w-noden- heüded benth actually sniggered at his story. Then, again, there was the man who tried to wipe some toffee marks off a stranger's coat, and his hand, sticky from the toffee, slipped into the other's pocket and adhered to a roll of notes there. W'c could quote many instances to bear out what Mr. Maxwell says, but space forbids. Shopbreakers nowadays are using motor- cars to escape in. Thieves have to use a little spirit these times. In Sydney recently a Belgian immigrant was given 51 words of Gaelic as the lan nuage test. In stirring days of olden time, W.hen Gad and Saxon fought, When amity was thought a crime, And Holds with blond were bought, To: Saxon victoria the tight Would Iain impose his tongue Upon the Gael, who scorned It quite, And to his Gaelic clung. Though now he Caledonia's turns The Saxon tongue is spoke. The Scotsman for his Gaelic j cars, And scores a lingual joke. AVaft it to him across the foam, O chilly southern wind. That Saxons in an Austral home To Gaelic are more,' kind. Tell Win-and make his glad heart bound That none who speak it not May enter on our sacred ground, whatever they may wot.. , ' Of Danish, Dago, double Dutch,, ' Of German high or low; For, beat little, beat much, It simply doesn't go." So tell it forth to old and young Scots need no longer groan I ' ( At last, at last the Gaelic tongue has come into its own. Snow was seen on Wednesday at Canterbury, Box Hill, Williamstown, and St. Kilda. And at least one Snoivball down Brighton way, I'm told. The Australian Labour party has been trying to diagnose the numerous complaints with which it is afflicted. Nervous debility is only part of the trouble. There are general indications of sleeping sickness and the Queensland limb of the body is suffering from paralysis. The reason soften- ing of the brain is not' included in the list is obvious. If they are right in selecting sleeping sickness as one of the infirmities, then a cure is in sight. Mr. Theodore, for one, should have enough on his mind to keep him awake until long after the next State election. If Mr. Prendergast could get to sleep during the next four weeks without the aid of a quart of chloroform, then he has nothing to fear from sleeping sickness at least; but if he suffers from nervous depression during that period there is some excuse for both him and his party, Blighted hopes do year the system. However, it's the same old story of the man who is his own physician. If the AIF. went to a real doctor they would find that the trouble is caused by malignant growths and parasitic insects, and the treatment will need to be pretty drastic before they can expect a cure. The Military Board says that it is aware of the circumstances in which Brigadier General Elliott was superseded. "Pomp" and Circumstance. _ ' ; 