THE NEW AGRICULTURE How to Organise a Growers' Co-operative Society IN organising an army for wai the military authorities do not begin with Hie formaUon of a brigade of miscel laneous troops— infantry, cavalry, ar tillery, and ether classes necessary m modern warfare ; they begin with , the nlatoon a small bodv of men to oe iraineu for a deflnile purpose. The generals may be skilled in strategy, and he commanding officers great tacticians but the uliimale efficiency of the army depends upon Ihe care and attention given to the small specia 1 ised p la- loons. In building up a division oi modern infantn , four of these platoons are organised into a company, four of which, with the headquarters staff, are welded into a battalion of about 1000 men. The battalions are then consolidated into brigades, which are again linked up to form a main division of the army. It was on very similar lines to these that the successful citrus fruit ex changes in Florida and California were built up, as will be seen from the following comparison:— SOLDIERS ORGANISED FOR WAR. 1\. The Individual Soldier. 2\. The Platoon. 3\. The Company of Four Pla toons. 4\. The Battalion, made up from Companies. GROWERS ORGANISED FOR PEACE. 1\. The Individual Grower. 2\. Local Society of Growers. 3\. Sub-exchanges, made up of Local Societies. 4\. The Central Exchange, made up from the Sub-exchanges. But the successful co-operative associations of America and other countries have been . fully described in the 'Mail' from time to lime, and there are now many true co-operators amongst us anxious to build up similar organisations in this country. The band of local patriots is daily arrowing in numbers and in strength, and its efforts in 1he service of peace are destined to. have a marked influence in revolutionising the fruit, indusiry and in building up the New Agriculture CO-0PER\TION in agriculture may, however— and very possibly will— develop in Australia on some what different lines from those followed in the United States and other countries, for the reason thai, we have only a sparse population on a great island con tinent situated at a great distance from Ihe big markets of the world. A strong immigration policy will in tune remedy one disadvantage, and the progress of science is rapidly reducing the long-distance handicap, so that our agricultural co-operators need have no fear as to the ultimate success of the movement. What they have to fear, and what they have to guard against, is initial failure. We have no co-operative laws, and no Depart ment of Foods and Markets for the guidance and pro tection of our growers, and the big cities contain scores ? if so-called 'co- operative' societies which are, generally speaking, joint-stock companies having little interest in community-building or in the welfare of the people in our rural districts — societies, in fact, whose first objeel is to make profits for 1he shareholders. Our growers desiring to co-operate should, therefore, commence as if co-operation in agriculture was an entirely new move ment in this country, and mobilise first for the purpose of community- building, and then for marketing. The uliimate success of the latter will depend largely upon Hie success of the former. A growers' central exchange cannot hope for success unless the ''platoon' or local body of growers' is well organised in congenial - and* healthy surroundings. The writer has travelled along ihe coast from Bombala to Murwillumbah, along the Murray to the South Australian border, through the wheat belt, and north-west to Bourke and beyond. He has studied farming conditions at first hand, and lived in what, may be called 'the little towns,' and has de cided that Sydney is certainly preferable as a place of abode to some of these little bush towns, surrounded though they may be by picturesque farms and orchards. IN writing upon the subject of ''Bush Boredom' some time ago Dr. Wentworlh Shields asked what country towns we should select as typical of our Australian genius. 'Take the ordinary bush town as we commonly know it, and' (he asked) 'can you blame the man, when forced to migrate there, if he shudders at the prospect?' No one can claim that our bush towns as they exist to-day are attractive centres. Here and there are excep tions, but for the most part they are ordinary beyond descriniion. Dr. Wentworth Shields's oicture is cer tainly depressing. 'Down the main street, is a dismal row , of competitive shops, dressed ! with incompatible wares, and daubed with a medley of ; conflicting colours, chief ! among which are stripes ? of j washing-blue. The streets, , except at night, are deserted : ;md desolate. Even then the i light is dim, save, perhaps, when a. political orator ad dresses a languid crowd from the verandah of a public house by Ihe flare of a torch. . . . Wherever you go is the same dulness, he same class cleavage, the same cliques and gossip, the same absence of animated and in tellectual interest. The gloom of it all has become chronic, and has encrusted itself upon Ihe community.' FORTUNATELY, much I brighter pictures can be seen in New South Wales to-day (ban those painted in such drab colours, in many of our fruit-growing districts there are little towns where a visitor, if lie digs a little below the 'surface, will be surprised at the many social and civic activities of the | residents. It is to these bright little towns in the fruit dis tricts thdt we must look in Hie initial stages for the lea vening influences required to raise the co-operative move ment to the heights attained by other countries. Many little towns in America and Canada are to- day equally as drab and dismal as some of our bush towns. Harlan Paul Douglass, in his book 'The Little Town,' mentions that there are twelve thousands such places in the United Slates. But since the advent of the agricultural coope rative movement in America ihe character of many of the 'little towns' has vastly improved, and co-operation will certainly improve those in this country. Country promotion leagues, bush weeks, and other similar agen cies may do much to assist in the improvement of rural conditions ; but the great force will lie in the co-operative movement. In a previous article the activities of the Division of Foods and Markets, New York Slate, U.S.A., as seen by an Australian soldier, were described. Our co-operators would like to see similar activities in New South Wales; but there is no reason whatever why they should sit down and wait for the Government lo take action to introduce the necessary co-operative legislation. In the parallel columns given at the commencement of this article we give four stages in organisation — up to the battalion in the case of war service, and up lo the Geniral Exchange in the organisation for peace. Com mencing now with the 'platoon,' or local association, we have first to consider how this can be organised under existing conditions. IN many of our fruit-growing districts can be found several small settlements, each of which could provide, say, thirty or forty growers of one standard commo dity. Leaders, probably, could also be found who would be prepared -to take up the work of visiting the growers and explaining the principles of the co-operative move ment and the benefits to be derived therefrom by the individual growers and the community generally. Wre shall assume that this work has been done in one settle ment, and that thirty growers have expressed their will ingness to form a local society. This society, of course, would not enter into trading: its first object would be educational — that is to say, the members would get to gether to talk about co-operation; lectures could be TRACTOR DEMONSTRATION AT BOWRAL. The land is being broken up for green manuring and the tractor is pulling a two-furrow mouldboard plough at an average depth of seven inches, doing the work of six horses. arranged, also debates, the whole pur pose being to assist growers to under stand what co-operaiion really is, so Thai, when a trading concern is ultimately formed, those who go into it will know what they are doing. Without wailing for a 'Membership Corporations Law. such as we described previously, this local co-operaine society could be formed at once without any legal for malities, or any assistance from the Slate or Federal Governments. A meeting could be called, and a presi dent, vice-presidenis, council, secretary, and treasurer properly elected. The council could then meet for the purpose of drawing up the rules for the proposed society, it is impossible to print here the full text of suitable rules or bylaws, but assistance in this direction can readily be obtained. The objection may be raised that such a society of local growers would have no legal status and be 'unsuitable for commercial marketing pur poses. But this objection can be ruled out, as will be shown later. The writer, after many years' close study of Australian fanning- conditions, is convinced lhat Ihe fruit-growers would reap tremendous benefits by thus forming the -'platoon,' or nrimary unit in the future co operative army. Certainly, a '?Membership Corporations Law' such as we have described would-be preferable, but, in the writer's opinion, certainly not indispensable, He is equally convinced that any one local society should be confined to the growers of one standard fruit product, and that the wives and elder sons and daughters of the growers should be admitted either as associate or full members of the socieiy. Women, as consumers, can learn the rules of the co-operaiive movement by seeing them operate. Where do the apples, oranges,, and other rood products grown on 1he farm go? How do they go? Where are they consumed? What comes of unsold lots? Each reply should be a clear story — a story of modern business. THE passing on of real knowledge of this business lo the erower's family and to his brother growers should be the true co-operator's obligation as a believer in the movement. The cumulative educational effect of such individual efforts cannot be measured. Meetings of the societv should be held once or twice^ a monlhrand should, if possible, be followed by a. social hour To some people such social cvenis may perhaps be considered frivolous when connected wilh a society formed primarily for business purposes; but it must be remembered that we are dealing now with the primary unit— the small band of local growers. This little band has to be trained as the army platoon is trained— in such a way that the co-operative spirit is developed and a strong esprit cle corps fostered. Perhaps two or more oi such societies may be formed in a settlement, each con sisting of growers of a standard produei. and one grower might be a member of more than one society — one con cerned with the co-operative production and marketing of, say, poultry, and the other with fruit or vegetables. To be* successful in the building up of the larger co operative marketing associations this local segregation of products and their management is of vital importance The co-operators of Denmark owe their great success largely to their close observance of this principle «-!' specialisation. A Danish farmer will often belong- to six or more co-operative societies and kindred associations. Uf course, this segregation need not be carried to absurd lengths. Fresh peaches and apricots, dried prunes and apricots, and similar combinations according' lo the re quirements of the district might be adopted. Citrus fruits, apples, pears, and bananas, however, generally re quire separale organisations to successfully enter Hie big markets of the world. ASSUMING no\V that one citrus fruit co-operative so ciety has been formed in, say, the Hawkesbury dis trict, what is Ihe next step? J1 will he apparent In . most readers of these articles that the obvious procedure, would be lo endeavour to form one or two more 'pla- toons,' or societies, in neighbouring settlements. In and around the Hawkesbury district there are several pro gressive towns that could supply sufficient growers of ;i standard product to form a local society in each. From reports to hand, this fine district .is moving towards strong co-operative marketing, and it' should not be a very difficult matter to raise three or more primary units on a membership basis. Once, this work has been accom plished we have to consider 1he further step in organisation — the formation of the 'com- pany,' or 'sub-exchange,' as it is called in America. It is at this point that considerable care is necessary, and some further explanation may per haps be advisable for the guid ance of co-operators in dis tricts where the movement lias already made some progress. Gosford'may be considered the pioneer of the co-operative movement among the citrus growing settlements on Ihe , Sydney-Newcastle line, and this town is not so far away from the branch line lo Richmond, or from the Kurnijong district, as lo prevent the formation of a district sub-exchange which, could conveniently link up the ' local societies. But progressive Gosford, apparently, desired In enter upon co-operaifve mar keting- of citrus fruils at tin1 earliest possible moment. The initial work was done, and the 'platoon,' or primary unit, an accomplished fuel. Now the. question arose; Should Gosford wail until oiher primary units are formed in and around the Hawkesbury district before making the effort to establish a sub-exchange? Unhesitating ly, no. They were sufficiently far advanced to begin market ing: so they jumped in while {Ci'iitiniied on Pone 35.) In a recent report of the State Market Director of California a warning is given to the Ameri can growers which might also be given to our local co- operators: — 'In the past California was a graveyard for farmers' marketing associations, due pri marily to three causes: — (a) Insufficient capital. (b) Insufficient credit. (c) Lacl( of a binding legal obligation on the part of the member to sell exclusively through his association. ' Profiting by many sad past experiences the more recently organised California farmers' marketing associations have made provision in organising for adequate capital, which, as a rule, would justify a reasonable banking credit. This policy has saved many existing and suc cessful farmers' marketing associations from failure and destruction.' These matters will be referred to in the concluding articles of this series. OSTRICHES HATCHING OUT ON A SOUTH AFRICAN FARM. '..:.- \ (Photo : Edjrcoine.) HOW TO ORGANISE A GROWERS CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY 'Cant tuned from I'ayc 2*.) the prospects were good, and are already working smoothly along lines that are giv ing the utmost satisfaction to growers. In time, when the Hawkesfoury district is or Kanised and is ready for trading, the two districts will amalgamate their interests- - probably other citrus d.stricts will come in as woll — and a central marketing exchange will be established. But the point we want to stress here is that, after incorporation, there is no need to dissolve the original soc.'ety — as distinct from the company. In Gosford such a society may never have been formed. If not, it should be estab lished now. The local growers — with their wives, if possible — could hold 'their meet ings once or twice a month for the pur pose of discussing general b'usiness and for building- up the to-operative movement ij) ! the district. There are a number of mat ters, such as co-operative credit, education, town-planning, joint purchasing, etc., which could be brought forward, and plans arranged for the general betterment of the co-operative coir-inunity. The Gosford Citrus growers' Society, if so organised, should certainly become a strong and useful body, and an example for other towns to follow. ON the first reading this double forma tion may appear unnecessary, but a, little reflection will show that to conduct modern marketing of fruit products sue- j (Pssfully the growers must first organise for j co-operative standard production; that is the reason for the purely local society. One comparatively small society cannot, how ever, hope to succeed .n a fight against the established influences that will surely be brought to bear upon it. By forming a citrus company now the Gosford council of grow ers may be able to bring in growers from other districts, and some strong propaganda would very possibly lead to the establish ment of the necessary local associations in the neighbouring districts and the creation of a sub'-exchange. In this work co-operators would be found coming forward prepared to push on the movement in other districts further afield. Additional primary units would be formed, and additional subex changes; but every effort should be made to so consolidate the organisations that there would be only one central exchange — the Citrus-growers' Association of N.S.W. This association might eventually be built up of, say, four sub-exchanges, and become the first co-operative 'battalion.' In California thi citrus-growers have formed their battalions into 'brigades,' but during the initial stages of the co-operative movement in New South Wales it is unnecessary to look so far afield. Instead growers should concentrate upon th^ strengthen. ng of the local primary units for standard production, and should spare no pains in the effort to secure one central mar keting exchange with a strong, financial back ing. It is practically along these lines that the Murray citrus-growers are working. /'MTRUS-GROWING can be made a very pro v-/ fitable industry in this country if han dled co-operatively. Graded N.S.W. fruit pro ducts bearing a registered trade-mark would then b'e given a recognised place in the markets of the world, and growers would enter upon a new era of prosperity. Under the existing conditions citrus fruits are thrown upon the markets in a haphazard way, the grading being often arranged by the retailers and barrowmen to suit their own ends. Under co-operative marketing con ditions the well packed and graded fruit would be disposed .of through recognised and approved agencies, or consumers' coop erative societies, the mixed lots, or fruits not up to grade and trade mark standards, being disposed of by auction or sent to the co-operative factories for the production of fru.t by-products. //. is necessary at this stage in the co operative movement to warn fruit growers against the danger of forming a number of small local COMPANIES rvhich wo'uld compete one with the ? other. Each district, however, should hove its SOCIETIES for educational purposes, as explained in this article: The point is that for the coming fight with the middlemen the growers must not. be found with a. number of small competitive co-operative companies. All the citrus- growers must be brought to gether in one central company; so with other orehardists or groups of fruit growers. BATHURST HIGH SCHOOL CHOIR, Wlik'li won (In1 School Choirs' Contest (under Hi years) at the Lithgow competition. 