INTERNATIONAL. LONDON, July 19. It in stated unofficially that the Con-<*> ference at Washington on Pacific prob-<*> lems will be held the first week in November. Thm Imperial Conference ha? fritter eoneidersd the Pacific defence question, that oT airstrip eemrnankatfba within the Empire, and the seed for wusle—■ It wa? stated ia th« House of Comaion* that airships should be able to auk* the return journey from London to HelboatM in three week*. The American Commissioner is Berlin has been instructed to negotiate a treaty lor the resumption of diplomatic relation* with Germany. ,~Tbe French Government, it « under stood, will reinforce its troops in Site** \- regardless of whether the British and Italian force* are augmented. On an amendment to the Finance Bill ■in the Hook of Common*, to relieve co operative societies of the corporation' pro* fits, tax, the Government was defeated by 137 votes to 195. • Mrs. Bettkh Johnson wan taken front ?n hotel porch at Ttnaha; Texan, by men wearing Kn KJox Klan robes, undressed, and tarred and feathered. Shu was after wards rrmtted on a bigamy charge. At Mwmi, Florida, the Rev. Philip li-win, a British subject, wan cimihurly treated, the accusation against him bein^ that he preached social equality to the negroes. In the course of a riot at the Western Penitentiary of Pennsylvania, in which more than 1000 prisoners took part, 12 sm«ll braidings were burned, and the interior of the mam building wrecked. Fonrteeji priacner? were seriously injured. Mr. A. D. Lasker, chairman of the United Stsites Shipping Beard, alleges that the affairs cf the beard have been conducted with the groswst incompetence, negligence, and irresponnbility. The Orient Steam Navigation Co. an ' nounoes Uiat the carriage of interstate ■ pa*?engcrs on the Australian coaat will ' be diwentinned owinar to the impossibility fi eomph*ing with the Navigation Act. rA Tarnish* manufacturing factory at Heudon, Englrnd, has been Mown up, the occurrence being «ttribi!t«d to the great heat. The damage is estimated at £20,000. A technical expert committee has been appointed in^London to go into the ine* tion of airship communication within thej Empire, and will report ta the Imperial Conference. r~ Aa inquiry has been ordered in Ocr- * many to ascertain how Prince Leopold of Prussia, uncle of the ex-Kaiser, managed to snuggle .jowellery worth, £19,791 into Switzerland. Mr. J. W. fiainder has been appointee! American Trude Commassiioaer in Mel* bourne. m In the event of the dreught co?tiauins* in England, the London water supply vrul have to be rationedl. The London firm of Guest, Keen* Nettlefold, and Co. denies that it has contracted to supply steel xatJa to India. • Two navigation companies have been formed in Germany during the past yearv ■the Stinnes Society Co. and tike Germans* Australian Co. German shipping companies are negotia ting with Danish and Njtihvegjaa builder* ror the supply of a lame number of vessels to voyage under <the Carman flaff. The American Ambassador in London ntu been instructed to protest to the. Foreign Office against the New Zealand! Governnfent'a treatment of Ameriaan ra«t convpantes. Lovd Ooret) will sneceed Lord London* derry as Under Secretary to the Bi-itish ifcnistry of the Air. Fjmtr Feisnl, son of the King of HeJjat, - has. been accepted a* King by a comdf of Mesopotamian notabilities^. A powerful Arab tribe . ha? revolted' against the King of Hedjax and ocenpied territory eaat -of Media*. The Greeks claim to have captured the town of Kutaia, in Asia Minor, aud to have taken 51)00 prisoners. , The Sinn Fein leader, De Valera, has informed the "Daily HernlA" in London that Ireland's one demand is th? unquali fied right to choose freely how she- shall be governed. The Mount Everest expedition* troved! at Tingri Maidan on June 19. An ar<* of 4500 square miles of new country ha* been surveyed. - Provisional arrangements have bee* made fe* Mr. Lloyd George to attend t& Washington Conference*. ' \ Two Btftish off ken, a >ab-oDTgeon k tndt 13 Indian* were killed, and a British officer and 14 wounded, as* the ms«lt ti ' a convoy being ambnvhei in a dsfib cqi •-*. the Indian frontier. The Prince of Wales, it is ttated, wdl ' probably proceed to- Japan 'after Mb India tour. A •troiig Blinisterial gtoup in Enghmd is said to be endeavouring to hamper the building of four new aavat <<hipA. The nrvsent cffkaa?v accepted standard of British tea atrengtii is equaKtr witk the strongest^nnval power, the tw?,-powet* standud, whwh was maintained tor more than. 60 year?, having thus bee* abandoued. LONDON, Jaly 20. On We4nesday th« Imperial Confer* eace dtscussad th* naval <|aestion, the position being dearly explained te th« The efforts of is* Cosfereaee are being Concentrated on devising a naval defence* •cheme which will be acceptable in its general principles to all the delegates, and this will be submitted to the Dominion Parliaments for approval and ratification. The terms to be submitted to De Valera for the Irish settlement have been drawn ■up by the British Cabinet and placed by • iMr. Lloyd George before the King. ■■■ Colonel John Gretton, M.P. for Bur \- ton, has left the Coalition Unionists and joined the Independent Unionists as a protest against the action of the Govern ment in negotiating with De Valera. Dublin University has unanimously ielected' De Valera as Chancellor. The Reparations Commission has re ceived from Germany £1,500,000 in European currencies in' redemption of portion of the Bills which formed part of the payment of: the first instalment of 1*50,000,000. in May. ' • . • ; Mr. .Saetri, an Indian delegate to the. Imperial Conference, wall visit Cdhudi,. Aiifitrdia, and New' Zealand towards' OVa* end of .the year. ....'•■ '- Ho will th'enq^proceed to Fiji to act on the Commfs?ion .of Inquiry into. tb«? treatment of Indians' theje.;.. r . '.'■ o Owing to a heavy... downpour ' of. rain the famous FontaititaMeau forest* in * France, was saved frond destruction by fiix*. •. • % ' .' '. . . Mr. Bertram Mackennal, .the Australian •cubptor, -has "received' the honour of knighthood. • • . The repeal of the Press Act in India is \- recommended by the committee which was appointed to inquire into the work ing of the Act. The retention of certain powers for dealing with openly seditious literature is recommended. . m The American Government considera itself under an obligation,.*? foreign debtor nations to" defer intereWt payments on their debt*. The commercial cable traffic between Britain and Australasia is unprecedentedly heavy, and is partly due to orders whion nave been held up Rowing to recent strikes. . V With reference to the proposed inter- Imperial "airship service, the Agent- General J6r Tasmania says he has tae best financial authority for stating that a commercial air service was Practicable, , provided that Government assistance was assured for 10 years. The Italian- dreadnought Deilio has been despatched to Constantinople to reinforce the Italian. squadron there. Other war \- •hips will also be despatched. \- The. Greeks are reported to have can. tured 30,000 Turks following the taking of Kutaia, in Asia Minor. The Kemalists are being cut off from prepared positions. 'Extensive coal deposits have been dis covered in Kent, England, the coal being described as the betft in the world for aron smelting purposes. Tb* coalfield is located between Sandwich and Deal. The London ".Daily Express" says that Aden is to be transferred from the con* trol of the Government' of India to the Colonial Office, and that a saving ot (£300,000 per annum will be effected. - London transport workers aave agreaj to an immediate'reduction in their wage* by 2/ per day, and to a further reduction of 1/ in January. His Majesty, the King unveiled a statue in Waterloo Place, London, of King Edward. VII., and recalled : the, former monarch's constant efforts in the direc tion of peace. Five hundred five-ton lank oars have been ordered from the Canadian Car and Foundry Co. by the Russian Soviet Gov ernment. . '. The bank rate has been fixed at fii per cent. T LONDON, July 21. Mr. W. M. Hughes, xpeaking is a guest at the American Club luncheon at the Savoy Hotel, said, "Australia will never forget that out of the Pacific come* what ever of success or failure the future has in . store for her. Out of the Pacific comes for us life or death." "It is hopeless to expect," <ssd Mr. Hughes,, "that Japan will agree .to any settlement in the Pacific that does, not fairly recognUe that she has special interests." . ....... He added: "What the Monroe Doctrine is to America, the .'White Australia' policy and nil ilt involve* Hi to Australia.'' Mr. Hughes says that- a conference must be held previous to the Washington Dis armament Conference, and at the former gathering Australia ' and New Zealand must be represented. • - Mr. Lloyd George and Mr. De Valera had an hour's conversation on' Thursday morning, but no basis was foimd on which to summon a conference on - the Irish question. ' : Mr De Valera is consulting the Dai] Eireann regarding certain proposals, and \ in the meanwhile the trace in Ireland will be continued. Lord Curzon, speaking in the Home of ■ {Lords, said that if the Irish negotiations were successful, it was conceivable that Parliament would assemble in the autumn to deal solely with the Irish question. Six aeroplanes dropped six one-ton bombs upon the former German battle ship Ostfriesland, sinking the vessel in 25 minutes. No decision has yet been arrived ai by the Federal Government on the subject of whether the overseas market for flour should be declared .open. v The Nationalists in South Africa are fetrongly opposing emigration from Britain to Soulh Africa. Twenty-five t million Russians are threatened- wrth starvation, and riots have occurred in Home districts. France and F%faid arc reported to have Concluded • a treaty under which tha tatter undertake* to tnaintalnTA standW army of 900,000. • Mr. Lloyd George states that the British Government has neither committed it ctelf to nor contemplated any ua?al build* ing programme in answer to that of any other Power. Raiding parties at Turiock, California, loaded all the Japanese residents on trucks, took them tc en .isolated railway station, and placed them pn an outgoing 4 rain.% Tbey were angered because the Orientals were working for lower -jrages, and forced white .people out of fruit workers' jobs. — Mr. Asquith submitted an amendment in the House of Commons to reduce the vote for the Jdin-istry of Health as a protest against the reduction of the Gov ernment's housing scheme. Dr. Addison made a vehement attack on the Govern ment;, and Mr. Lloyd George gave a crushing reply. The amendment was .re jected by 254 vote* to 67. , • ' ' ", ■-* " LONDON; July 23.. 1 Southern Irish Unionists are said to ap prove the terms tor the settlement of the trouble which, Mr. De Valer^ is sub mitting to. Da.il Eireann. The Sinn Fein leader dropped .the de ' ma^d for an Irish RepuMc ear'.y in the conversations with Mr. "Lloyd George, and th& latter made many concessions. London new?papers««tate that optimism is. felt in Government and Sinn Jjeia circles as to the ultimate result of the . Negotiations. . 'rhe Far Eastern Republic has advised the Chinese Government that unless China prevents General Sternburg'a lotvea and similar bands from using Chinese' territory as a base of operations against the China Government the latter will invade Mongolia and exterminate the bands. -, Japan holds thart the Japanese exclu sion, agreement of 1908 does not apply to Hawaii, and that this is the reason for the large Increase in toe number of Nip ponese immigrants there. As the outcome of Friday's meeting of. the Imperial Conference, it was resolved that each Dominion Parliament ,will be consulted as to financing the navy, and wtth regard to undertaking the necessary responsibility. "■" ?? ntr£ ye?' y Marked with America over the Washington Conference, the pro-"* posal that a preliminary conference to deal wita Pacific problems should be arid in London not finding favour in the United States, i The famine in Russia is increasing in seventy, and people in the Riga district, have been reduced to eating dogs, cats," and rats. ''£' \ The-situation is getting beyond #the control «f the Soviet, and the dictator, Lenin, has issued a proclamation urging increased production in order to save the country from exhaustion. .r ■^jme* bands are marching on Teheran, Jn,Persia, to oust the Governments * When resolutions were carried 4t the World> Mother and Child Welfare Con gress at Brussels which exceeded their mandate. the two Australian represenU t?vefc Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald,. M.L.Ck of N.8.W., and Major Morris, .withdrew, Australia was not committed to extra ex penditure. v ... \- Thirty persons were burned -to death and 100 wire terribly injured as ?he result of an explosion in a nitrjc acid ffectory in the «w*s ullage of Bodio. * A GresVV'cammuniaue claims that the Turk* have been overthrown along the whole Alia Minor front; and are in dig orderly retreat. Gre>k newspapers are of opinion that the campaign is almost ended. America, has advised Belgium, Holland, and Portugal that when the Washington Conference discusses the Far Eastern quca> tion in such a way as to affect the in terests of these nations there will be no difficulty as to their representation. Yon Fraiidendorfer, who was formerly Bavarian Minister for Railways, com mitted auicide at Munich following an ac cusation that he counterfeited Roman coins sold to collectors. . Mr. Frank Rutter, the English art critic, with reference to the retention in England of MillaiVs painting, "Chyist in the Carpenter's Shop," urges that Aus tralia has greater need of such famous art works than Britain. ' • The United States Patent Commissioner has^decided to apply the Nolan Patents Act to Australia, thus enabling Australian applicants to more easily obtain -patent righto in America. ! • Archbishop Mannix ha« Manila from Hongkong. He was expected totoft timie* his voyage to Melbourne on Satur day. A memorial to Australasian officers and men of the Camel Corps «has been unveil ed in London, the memorial having been erected on the Victoria fthhankment ■ Gardens. The unveiling ceremony was at tended by the Prime Ministers of Aus tralia and New Zealand. The Coroner* jury at Abertfllerjr. Wales, returned a verdict of '"wilful murder" against Harold Jones, 15 years of age, who has been charged with the murder of Florence "Little, 11 years of age. The phenomenal London run of "Chu Chin Chow" has been concluded with the 2238 th performance. Three passengers to London by the Orient liner Ormonde died, and were buried at sea. They were George Nicholas, a Greek, George Taylor, a house de corator, of Sydney, and Cuthbert Burnard, a bank agent. Mr. Arthur Fella, a former mayor of Bermondsey, England, has decided to present his century-old wine business to his employees, the business to be con ducted oil a profit showing basis. Georges Camentier was enthnaiastically welcomed at Havre by a crowd of 20,000 people upon his arrival from America, 'lifter .Mr de&at.; ■by' De taps*jr.' fHe F wtH probably accept Major Arnold Wibon's offer and fight an .American heavyweight (Boxer in London'bfefore December. ■ 1 Advanced Spanish positions at Melilla, in Morocco, were attacked Jby strong con tingents of natives, and General SUvestre, the commander of the garrison, wa§ killed. Competition was strong at the mixed sale of "Bawra" and free wool in London, and prftes almost reached June parity. Forty thousand acres of" moorland have been affected by bush fires in Britain, hundreds of tons of stacked peat being destroyed-. "~ Madame Clara Butt and her husband, Mr. Kennerley Riynford, and party, have lett England by the liner Orsova for Aus tralia. They will open their concert season in Sydney on September 6. The committee of the Amateur Rowing Association *in Britain, in conference with other rowing bodies, carried a motion that organised international athlet'c com petitions, like Olympiads, were, contrary to the true spirit v of amateur sport. It was decided not to support the British Olympic Association. -LONDON, July 24. In a noje to the French Governtment Qermanj^poihts out that . the German troops in 'Poland have' been " disbanded, and opposes the despatch of further French, troops t.o Silesia. According to ■ Greek * estimates the Kemalists lost 4000 killed and 10,000 wounded in the battle of Eskishehr. The Kemalists took up a position 30 miles east of Eskishehr, and fighting is proceed ing there. When the jpower station at Leafield, Oxfordshire, England, is opened in the autumn the Imperial wifeless. chain will be completed, except for Cairo,' where buildings and apparatus are not ready. * Moroccan rebels continue to attaek-jthe Spanish troops. General- Navarro has re placed the late General Sylvestre as officer in charge of the Spanish detachments. General Sylvestre is hailed as a hero throughout Spain for having saved thousands of his troops from massacre. The( Italian Chamber of Deputies, by 303 votes Jo 138, has passed a vote of .confidence in STgnor Bonomi's Cabinet. The oil wharf at the Penarth (Wales) docks was destroyed by fire,' and a tank steamer and paraffin and petrol reservoirs narrowly escaped destruction. An appeal by the Prinze of Wales if to Be made on behalf of the 1933 British Empire Exhibition in London to display Empire products. A guarantee of £400,000 is required. ' Six third class passengers from Aui* tralia to London by the Orient steamer Ormonde commenced a hot "Red" propa ganda on the vdyage. Other passengers threatened to' throw them overboard, and they were rescued by officers and isolated" in. another part of the ship. - The. Soviet Government is appealing to the Powers to relieve the starvation in Russia. A condition of American relief is that American prisoners in Russia sh>ll be released, and that absolute freedom of movement in the country shall b« accorded American relief agents. It is estimated that pellagra, a skin disease, will claim approximately 100,000 persons in the United States, and that in the, cotton belt States 10 per cent, of the inhabitants will succumb. The income tax payments in America for 1919 amounted to 1,2d9,000,0C0d01. (£253,800.000). which is nea^l42,ooom djl. i£28,400,000) mO re than for 1918. ' ■ Tae athletic and cycling team whi<m Is to tour Australia is to be representative m all South Africa, and not of the Transvaal -only. • • w . Victor Henry Smith, with 3J years' war service to his credit, was remanded for sentence in Sydney yesterday on a charge of having embesled : £2600 while employ ed as a teller at the Waverley branch of the Australian Bank of Commerce. Harold M'Lean Crawford, 36 years of age. was charged in Sydney yesterday with having embezzled £1266. the moneys of the Commissioners of Railways, while employed as receiveing clerk. He was re manded till August 4. Methodist Church ministers^ in Sydney yesterday .resolved to approach' the heads ..of other Protestant Churches with a view to protesting unitedly against the State lottery proposal. . • - During the last two years the Rocke feller Foundation has given £1.000,000 for :thi*- advancement of medical education in Canada. , .'■' . .r . Japan/it is believed, will shortly accept the invitation to- participate in the Far Eastern Conference. . According to a statement by the Japanese /Minister for Marine the naval authorities consider two squadrons to be ■the irreducible minimum for naval de fence. ... Italy and Russia are about to sign ? Commercial agreement similar to $hat be \- tween Britain and Russia. A proviso Is that Russia..shall meat her previous obligations. v LONDON, July 26. Tbt famine tragedy: in Russia is being exploited by a group of German banks, wlii<li are approaching the owners of coal and mineral land offering small sums for the option of purchase within a year. Tiic Germans believe that at the end of that period' the Soviets will Have col* hpM.c. ■ % A Berlin magnate who gained an in ternational reputation during the war as a food organiser says that millions -of Russians are doomed to die of starva tion owing to the impossibility of the requisite food supplies being distributed. Senator Borah nas asked the American Senate to postpone the funding of the foreign debt to the United States until after the disarmament conference, and' that in the event of debtor- nations con tinuing the vast expenditures on anna 'Hmeut* the' I United- States ehouH insist that they promptly meet their debts, with interest. } % ; The Chief, Secretary for Ireland htf great hopes that the Irish question will be satisfactorily settled. The present session of the British* Parliament will terminate on August 28. No autumn session will be held .unless the situation in Ireland necessitates it. It is stated that the Supreme Council will meet/ on August '4 to consider the cfikbian question ' and the proposed despatch- of reinforcements there. lue winner of the French Grand Prix for motor cars was an American car, ihe Dusenberg, which made a record lap at a speed of nearly 84 miles an. hour. , x . .A fire broke -out on the Cunard^iner Maurtlauia at Southampton, and at one lima the huge vessel was in danger of sinking, owing to the quantity of water used to quench the flames. Four masked bandits, armed, with re volvers, held lip the Park- Marseillef ex prifib'Vain at 1:30 a.m., when between Beauiic lind Chagny. They awakened the sleeping passengers and robbed them, after a French subaltern had been shot dead and his companion wounded. They pitied the communication cord; and when the tram stopped escaped in tVe dark r.'esa. / The •Victorian Trade Commissioner In London reports that the first shipment of Shepparto? canned fruita turned out splendidly, and that the trade generally viotfed Australian canned fruits favour sbly. A wreath from West % Australia, is to be deposited on the Cenotaph in London in honour of the unknown soldier. ■ A.number of- terrorists, who mined the railway line in order to destroy the train on wfiidh the King of Soumania was travelling to France, have been arrested at Bucharest. ' • A fracas marked the proceedings of the Trade Union Congress at Lille, in France,, a number of unionists being inj'ired. The Italian. Government ha« asked for specimens of pastoral, agricul tural, and mineral products, with plant* a.nd fauna, for allotment among commercial and scientific institutions and official col lections. Italy is ready to reciprocate in the matter. _■ A virulent cage of smallpox was dis covered on a holiday train at Nottingham, England, and there are now 45 cases there. The American Ambassador in London has intimated to the British Government that the United States is willing to hold a preliminary conference with reference to the Pacific either at Washington or in a neutral country. Owing to the Greek advance in Asia* Minor, the Kemalist Government has de? cided to transfer itself and the National Assembly to Sivaa. It is officially stated in Athens that the Turks' losses in killed, wounded, prisonered, and missing, amount to 75 pec oent. pi their fighting strength. It .is estimated that at Melilla, in Morocco, where Spanish troop* were at* talked by rebels, the Spanish losses num bered 5000 killed* wounded and prison* ered. V The Prime Ministers at the Imperial Conference are convinced that it would be futile to seriously discuss the dis* armament question at a general confer ence in America unless the issues causing the present rivalry are first settled. It is stated that the British Empire will only have one vote at the disarmament conference. Representatives of tha Dominions will be included in the British delegation. . Mr. Hughes expects to be back in Aus tralia about October 15, and Mr. Massey hopes to be in New Zealand in time for the opening of the Dominion Parliament. TEey Doth propose to Jeave Englaud about August 24. The joint .executives of all the mine workers in Johannesburg have decided to take a strike ballot on the notification of the Chamber of Mines of a reduction in wages. The New South Wales Government has placed Treasury Bills in London to the value of £3,000,000. The bills, . which carry interest at* the rate of £5/2/6 per ceirt., have a currency of six mouths. . According to a 1 Berlin report the Ger man textile cbmpanies are enjoying the greatest boom in their history. Mills have sold the wh>le of their output to Decem xb§r, and some are refusing orders for The Court of King's Bench is heariug at claim by the owners of the Lewis gun fo* the return of £3,000,000, taken as excess profits. 