GUESTS ENTERTAINED. 0 Eloquent and Stirring Speeches, Value of Pioneering and Iuu migration. The official luncheon was held in the Town Hall at 12.30 p.m. A very large number of guests partook of an excellent repast, the caterers for which were Messrs. H. Stevens & Son. The Mayor presided, and others at the head table ivere Hia Excellency the Governor, the Premier (Hon. H. N. Barwell), the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. W. Hague), the Minister of Agriculture (Hon. T. Pascoe), the Speaker of the House of Assembly (Sir Richard Butler), the Editor oi The Regis ter (Sir William Sowden), Sir Joeiah iSymon, K.C, the Public "Service Commis sioner (Brig.-Gen. S. Price Weir, D.S.O.), the Commissioner of Police (Brig.-Gen. R. L. Leane, C.B., C.M.G.), the President of the Returned Sailors and Soldiers' Im perial League (Col. C. P. Butler), and Mr. ; S. L. Dawuins fthe spokesman for the pioneers). Included in the attendance were also members of the Federal and State Par liaments, prominent citizens of the metro polis and subuifjs, and members oi the Old Veterans' Corps. The toast list was begun with '"The King," proposed Iby the Mayor, and received with musical honours. The Town Glerk (Mr. W. H. Jennes) then read the proclamation of the State, which was greeted with ringing cheers. -"Hie Excellency the Governor." The Mayor, in submitting "His Excel lency the Governor " said they aJlt knew of the sterling qualities of Sir Archibald VVeigali. They had had many Governors, and they had ail been of high intellectual standing, and of military or naval capabili ties. Their present Governor had es pecially fine qualities. (Applause.) He understood the industrial iiie of the old country, and his travelling in South Aus tralia had been most beneficial to the State. (Applause.) Lady Weigall had proved herself a true helpmate of His Ex cellency, particularly in the various depart ments for womanly influence and womanly spheres. By doing that she had endeared herself to the hearts and minds of the population. (Applause.) There was one tinge of regret, however, as His Excel lency and Her Ladyship would Shortly leave them. It was rather deplorable, seeing the great good_ they had done since their recent arrival in the State. They had given most valuable lessons to the citi zens, and those lessons would never be forgotten. /Applause.) The future, after seven or eight -ears of depression, had silver linings, and they had no need to look onward with uneasiness. (Applause.) There were also silver streaks in a problem that had existed for many centuries--the Irish question. He had little doubt that Ireland would receive, with open arms, thq charter giving her people full liberty to properly develop the country, and he hoped that in -the near future there wotold be another bright diadem iu the British Crown. (Prolonged applause.) -The Early Days. Hie Excellency, on rising to reply, wis accorded an ovation. He thanked them most heartily for the extremely kind way they had toasted the health of himself and Lady Weigall. He was delighted to have the opportunity^ of again attending the annual celebration at Glenelg- If there was one day in the year when they should live up to all the old traditions of the past it was that day. (Applause.) During the last three or four days, owing to the kind ness of several of his friends in Adelaide, he had been able to read the early history of the State, both from the point of view of the official life of the colony in 1836 and from the point of view of the private lives of the magnificent pioneers whom they were honouring that day. What struck him enormously was the £ elf-supporting syBtem of colonization. (Applause.) Gibbon Wakefield started an entirely new idea of colonization in the B.itish Empire. His idea was not received with favour in official circles, which were always apt to be a little careful and cautious-(laughter) -and it was just as well they tvere SO when there were young men like Wake> field about, and who were in a hurryv (Applause.) Of those early years there was not only the ordinary difficulty of going into a new, undeveloped country, ' but there were other things to contend: against. There was no Treasurer, bo Premier, and none of the purer joys of life. (Laughter. A Voice IVery lucky.) So far as he could gather, there had not been much done during the first few yeans in the colony, because there 'was no survey outside, and there was no inclination on the part of the original pioneers to go out and produce wealth from the land. The^only thing that had been done was the survey of the site of the City of Adelaide. All that happened from the point of view of industry and the produc tion of wealth had been a wild speculation in land, which no one wanted to buy. (Laughter.) So it had not been, at the time, a very rosy state of industrial affairs. With ail those difficulties in . 1836, the pioneers had been able, with the . help of those who directed the destinies of the State, to lay the foundation of what they saw that day. He felt that if there was 110 other day in the year when South Aus tralians could blow their chests out-and he knew their natural modesty-(laughter) -it was that day. (Applause.) He thought South Australia oonld really eay that there bad never been more splendid fellows than those who had done so much in South Aus tralia. (A Voice-They are Britishers, eir.) He agreed that was so, and it wat> because they .were descended from the beet amalgam of blood, and better than that of any other nation in the world. (Applause.) They had been able to skim the cream of the milk of every other race, from the Anglo-Saxon, the Hrfnoverian, the Danish, and others. They had got them all. Al though they had skimmed the cream, they had their faults and made their mistakes, but the mac who never made a mistake never made anything. (Laughter and ap plause.) The history of South Australia was unique, because it started an entirely new system of ee If-supporting colonies, and it had the most remarkable history in the whole of the thousands of years of the Bri tish Empire. It -was wonderful what that little body of men had been able to produce and what they saw that day. (Applause.) -John Hector. There was one man whose name had never been mentioned at those gather ings, and his name was commemorated by the township of Hectorville. The man's name was John Hectpr. (A Voice-I knew him.) He landed in New South Wales in 1837, but soon removed to South Aus tralia. He was the first secretftry of the Glen Osmond Mines, and the first mana fer of the South Australian Savings Bank, t was through his energy and ability that' the South Australian Bank had he come a great engine for the industrial «nc cess of the State. (Applause.) In addi tion he presented the land on which the Old Gumtree stood. (Applause.) And be had also been responsible for helping in the material and moral welfare of many of the early settlers. They found from the records that just before his death he wiped off, with one stroke of the pen, a very large number of small loans which he had made to struggling set tilers without interest on account or ail the success and enjoyment Jie had had in the State. (Applause.) He, personally, took that opportunity o£ put ting the name of John Hector prominently Jhefore them and others, not k> much as an individual, but as being typical of the kind of men to whom they were so grateful. He urged that none of the pioneera should be forgotten, and he emphasized that the fruits of their labours had been, were, and would be enjoyed by their predecessors. (Applause.) It was a delightful custom tor the people to meet at GleneGg once a year to near the original proclamation of the State read. He was sure that they a'J would agree that in its sentiments ana its language it could not be improved upon,' (Applause.) -The Really Big Question. "I also desire," added His Excellency, "to mention a subject which has been lifted outside the political world, and one to which everybody will have to give most careful consideration." Just as the Eioneem in 1836 laid the foundations of the bate, so was it up to South Australia at present to buiid the superstructure. They had the first story up, and they should go on. (Applausej A week or two ago the House of Commons had discussed the whole question of emigration from the Old Country, and immigration into Austra lia. The Labour Leader (Mr. J. R. Clynes), who was a great personal friend of his, had opened the subject with the following words:-"I cannot bring myself to (look at this question from the angle of any party or the standpoint of any class. It is to me one of those practical ques tions which has to come before Parliament and be viewed on its merits, and a decision be reached from the standpoint of what is suitable jointly for the Empire and the individuals concerned." He commended those words to every thinking man in Aus tralia. If they would forgive him for saving so, he thought that in form and substance, that was the statement of a statesman as distinct from a politician (Laughter and applause.) The former looked to the next generation; the latter looked only to the next general elections. '(Laughter and applause.) The really <big question before them waB how they .were going to engineer the marriage of empty spaces, and "no population and limi-( tea Bpaces, and a great surplus popula tion. (Applause.) He 'was thankful to think that South Australia was to have the advantage of that question being* dis cussed, and placed before the authorities in the Old Country by the one man who was qualified by hie ability, by his great personality, and by his capacity to not only think deeply, but also to speak clearly, namely, the Premier of Soirth Australia. (Applause.) It was well that every man in a public position in the Old Country should visit Australia, and that the man in public in Australia should also viBit England. The more ignorance was dis pelled the better for each of them. (Ap ase.) When the Premier got to Eni , he, personally, hoped that he would enjoy himself 'as much as his (tohe spea ker's) old friends in the House of Commons .would enjoy seeing and hearing him. He hoped the Premier wonld take the oppor tunity of giving his views to the Empire Development Committee -a non-party body of 200 members who, he was sure, would receive him not only with cordiality, but with the greatest. anxiety for him to speak fully, freely, and frankly to them. (Applause.) He also ; hoped tliat Mr. Barwell would have the opportunity of meeting the Parliamentary Empire Association in the famous West minster Hall. With his youth, energy, and ability, the Premier would be able to. contribute a great deal towards the solu tion of that extremely difficult problem. (Applause.) It would be impertinent, if! not improper, for him (His Excellence) | -to attempt to develop the difficulties that ?were attacked to that problem in Aus tralia, difficulties that aid not touch any other portion of the British dominions.! Australia had a Constitution that was unique, and he needed to sayvno more. Whatever the difficulties, however, he felt perfectly sure that the presence of the Premier would, at the present junc ture, be of immense benefit to everybody. He hoped to have the privilege of seeing Mr. Barwell in the old country. {Pro longed applause.) -A Founder of the Province.- , At the call of the Maypr, the toast "The late George Fife j^ngas, a founder of the province," was hoaoured-3n silence. -Pioneers of To-day. The Premier, who was accorded an en thusiastic reception, pronosed the toast ' Our pioneers. He said he was pleased to again have that honour. He felt he could now understand in a better, truer, and deeper sense what pioneering had really meant in the early davg of the State. As they were no doubt aware, he had recently returned from a somewhat ex tensive trip of Eyre's Peninsula and tbe west coast. Witn his colleague, the Com missioner of Grown Lands {Hon. G. E. Laffer), he had journeyed right through that part of the State. From the time they left Co well until they returned to Tumby Bay, a fortnight later, they travelled by motor car, between 1,300 ana 1,400 miles. Among other things they found that the pioneering work, so far as land settlement in 6outh Australia was concerned, was by no means at an end. (Applause.) They found settlers in tbe outback parts of. that section of the State battling-bravely against great advereities, such as had beset their pioneers of 60, 70, and 80 years ago. There was the trans port difficulty, shortage of water, end want of facilities to market produce. They found out there exactly the same sort of people as the pioneers of the early day* of the State. {Applause.) One wanted to meet than face to face to understand thoroughly the stuff of which they were made. One wanted to see them on their holdings, and the conditions under whidi they lived and worked, and it would then be realizf£ exactly what pioneering was, and how hard and strenuous the fight really was. (Applause.) There was ttto struggle to clear toe land, cultivate it, and sowi the crop, and also the difficulty of getting the produce to the nearest railway station or seaport. At times it meant . carting produce 30 or 40 miles by road. In addition, many of tbe settlers had to cart water long distances over very rough roads, or on bush tracks overgrown with bushes. That would give them some idea of the difficulties the people were up against. They were the pioneers of to day, and were a hard-working lot. (Ap plause.) The majority ofv them worked from daylight until dark, and had to work hard to make botih ends meet. Many of them carted their water on Sundays, so as to have a clear week bo work on the land. Were they embittered or dis couraged? Not they! (Applause.) The same as with the older pioneers, they were the pioneers of to- day, and they excited the greatest admiration on tihe part of every one who met them. Wherever his party went they had been received with the utmost kindness and hospitality. After their leakers had given the party a most cordial welcome, they generally pro ceeded to . say what the Govern ment liad done for them in the, past. Requests had been many, nut the grievances had been few indeed. (Applause.) Their quiet strength of' character, endurance, and courage enabled them to "stick it" under difficulties which at times were almost overwhelming.' They were looking for better times. (Applause.) -"Do Everything Possible." The Premier, continuing, said he took that opportunity of etatmg <that the Go-j vernment intended to help those pioneers in every possible way. (Applause.) He; '.ooked upon them as the best claw of settler of to-day. They were men and [women whom it would pay to help. If | South Australia was going to progress as I it should, and increase production ra every possible direction, it was only from the proceeds of production. and_ it would have to be much greater tnan it was at pre I sent, that they could hope to pay their way. The question was how were they going to do it? It would certainly not Be by shortening output and by placing Bimilar restrictions on industry. (Ap plause.) After having spent a fortnight in the part of the State mentioned, and of which comparatively little was knowp, he was satisfied that one way to increase the production of the State was by settling many hundreds of people on the west coast and Eyre's Peninsula, and by giving the necessary facilities to the eettlens who were already there. (Applause.) There were hundreds and hundreds of square miles of splendid agricultural country <that had never been touched with the plough. It had a good rainfall. There was pas toral country that bad scarcely had a hoof on it, and he had traversed .country whkh was merely being used for producing wheat and which was eminently suited for mixed farming. At the present time the great necessity there was water. Those people must have water, aad it would be provided for them at the earliest possible moment. (Applause.) The Ministerial Party had also visited the Tod River Reservoir, which would be completed in about five months' time. The Government would proceed as rapidly as possible with the work of retaliation throughout Eyre's Peninsula. (Applause.) -Australia's Greatest Need. The war had left them with a heavy load of debt, concluded the Premier. Great oaution and economy were no doubt essen tial, but the expenditure of public money was also essential. If proper progress was to be made they must as a country embark on a bold scheme of public works, linked up to immigration ana land settlement. They must not, could not, stand still. He agreed with all thit (His Excellency had said about immigration. He 'hoped that all the 8tates would, after they had settled the soldiers on the land, see the wisdom of launching out on a bold and vigorous [policy of immigration. (Applause.) In i that matter they must have the right men and women. It would be of no use to get men who would amply swell the nnmbers in the industrial centres. (Applause.) What was wanted were settlers who, like the old pioneers, would not be afraid to go out into the country, and sot be afraid of work. (Applause.) The country must have increased population and increased production. _ That was undoubtedly essen ! tial for national safety and development. Australia's greatest need was increased man power. There was a lot of work still [ to be done. (Applause.) The toast "Our pioneers" was one that would appeal to every one. It was always inspiring io think end to speak of them. Thev viv worthy of all honour and praise. He u.; and knew all were very glad to have that opportunity of paying homage to them. (Prolonged apnlsuse.) | The company stood and sang lustily a verse of "The Song of Australia." \- -Hard Work and Grey Hairs. Mr. Daw&ins; (who arrived by the Asia in 1839) responded. He was given a great reception. He thanked them for the way they had honoured the toast. The Pre mier, he added, Wl given a very good description of wfaata pioneer was and what pioneering meant. The aid pioneers had had to act for themselves, but now the Govern -ent was doing a lot {or. the new settlers, and shoving them what to do. I Applause.) He and the other early arrivals had gone on to the land with nothing before them except hard work and continual hard work. They had tackled the earth and had made it produce food for the people in the city and elsewhere. In that undertaking they had succeeded. (Applause.) The, pioneers had been the forerunners of good. They had tried to do good for themselves and for the others that were to follow ther- It hi meant grey hains for them, but they could not have lived and helped to make the country what it was without hard work and grey hairs. He had once felt sorry that he was going grey, but now he did ;not know whether it was not a good thing to have a grey head. (Laughter and applause.) Only, a few of the pioneers still remained. It would be a good thing if those who bad followed them closely, the other did colonists, could be linked up with the pioneers more closely in those gatherings. He and the other pioneers felt extremeiy grateful to the Glenelg Corporation for the recognition which it paid to the early set tlers of the State for "the good work tbey had done in it. fie bad been told not to say too much, and be thought that he had said quite enough. (Laughter and pro longed appflause.) -Our Fighters. Cr. J. E. Lawton> proposed "The navy and army." He said they would agree with him that, although the Disarmament Conference was sitting at Washington, the toast was not superfluous. He empha sized the importance of some protection by Great Britain for her mercantile marine whatever might be decided regarding dis armament. . He bad been on board the old Victory, and had been thrilled-by thoughts of what bad followed th$ building of that forerunner of the great British warships and navy of the present. He emphasized the debt of gratitude they ail owed to the navy and army. (Applause.) A verse of "Sons of the sea" wa« snng by the company with great enthusiasm. ? Brig.-Gen. Weir, in responding, referred to the part which the local gunboat The Protector took in the Boxer rising under the command of Commander Creswell and Engineer Clarkson, both of wbom were at present Admirals and had been knighted by the King. He also alluded to the gal lant services rendered by the members of the Old Veterans' Corps (especially to Hc-ssrs. R. Watson and H. A. Braham, and Sgt.-Major Rose), and then empha sised the part which Brig.-Gen. Leane, Col. Butler, and other leaders and the fighters generally had played in the Great War. The people of Australia, would not let the tra ditions won by theiip representatives in the fighting fade or be sullied. Dealing with war trophies and memorials, he mentioned that it was expected that during the next week or so a number of jtuns from the front would arrive for distribution among the public schools of the State. (Applause.) -'"FaflJen Heroes." Col. Butler submitted "Fallen heroes." He stated tihat he considered that there was an analogy between December 28, 1836, and April 25, 1915. Just as the pioneers had on the first-named day pro claimed South Australia a colony, so had the gallant Anzacs when they landed on Gallipoli proclaimed Australia's nation hood. The fighters had acted out of a sense of duty to King: and country. Some of them had made the supreme sacrifice. The people should so do their national duty, that those sacrifices would not prove to have been made in vain. (Applause.) The toast was honoured in silence. -Local Mattera. Sir-Richard Butler proposed the health of "The Mayor of Glenelg.' He said when he was a Minister of the Crown he had - had to deal ?with the local breakwater, but it could be left with the Premier to solve the .difficulty of the future. The municipality of Glenelg had been most for tunate in the selection of its Chief Magis trates, and it was one of the best-conducted places in the State. The present Mayor was indeed a worthy occupant of the chair. (Applause.) Mr. Patterson, jn reply, said they boped Glenelg would further progress. Excellent music was provided by Few ster's Jazz Orchestra. The memorable proceedings were con cluded 'A'ith the singing of "God save the King." The members of the Glenelg Council are: -Mayor, Mr. W. Patterson: Aid. E. Broomlead, W. J. (Mcintosh, T. B. Perci val, and H. S. EugJess; Crs. E. W? Att ridge, W. J. Barratt, A. R. Chaffer, L. C. Franks,"W. J. Inverarity, and J. E. Law ton; and Town Clerk, Mr. W. H. Jeanea. 