SCILCE AD NATURE. _ By ELI IvHTS, Colvillea Racemosa, a Flowering Tree, Visitors to our Botanic'Gardens should ' cot fall to turn their steps towards the director's office, near which, arrayed in billowy masses oí tavvny \ellow flowers, with, its low limbs drooping to -the ground, is a magnuiccnt specimen ot thiB I tree, a native of far-distant Madagas- car This island, though separated lrom j Africa by a narrow strait, is inhabited by races akin to the Polynesians, and both its flora and fauna show strong contrasis with those ol Africa. Mada- gascar is also the home of another, ol our favourites, poinciana regiu, whose umbrella-shape and flame-coloured tlorcrs are to bo seen round most of tho coastal towns of yueenslanil About many Brisbane homes clin.b purple-flowered Cryptostegias, and in our gardens ure scarlet flowered Kuphorbins and llupbiii palms, all brought from the same island. In general shape Colvillea diflers irom its countryman and relame Poinciana in showing a pyramidal oiitlint, the branches spreading wider and vv ider as they descend in closo bucccssion to the ground The leaves arc very large, and lcpcatcelly divided to foi in small leaf- lets By this device the lower leaves are not deprived of their share ol sun 'ight, which passes through tho divi- sions of the upper leaves to those be- low. This une division also makes them sway more in a light breeze, thus alternatclv admitting and e\cludmg the light rays. The (lowers, of a tawny yellow colour, are in immense mosses, divided into elongated sprays, each with I 15 to 25 blossoms. The calyx seems to have four sepals, but if the widest of these is carefully noted it is seen to be shortly notched at .its apes, showing that tho true number is live. UBUally the outer coat of a flower is green in colour, but that of Colvillea is what our lady friends call tangerine, whllo in- side it is a palo yellow. Of the live petals, the four narrow ones are a deep orange, whilo the keel is much paler. | There arc ten stamens, each separately inserted in tho base of the flower, the filaments palo yellow, the anthur_ heads orange. The 'iruit is a pod, or in botanical language a legume, showing that the tree l>elon?s to the great order Leguminosae, to which so many edible plants and fodders »elong; as tho garden pea, broad bean, scarlet runner, Lima bean, chick pea, gram, vetch, &c.; The American Poison-vine. Sir JRay Lankester tells the story of an English lady friend whose husband rented a newly-built house, 'standing ia its own well-ltept garden, in a suburban pusiuon. After two years' residence the lady developed "a very painful r-ruption or eczema on the faije, which, in tne course of a few weekB, caused the eyes, nose, and . lips to swell to an extra- ordinary deyrce, .accompanied hy tho formation of bVUters and breaking of tho skin. The affection spread to- tho body, anti caused constant pain and corre- sponding prostration." Medical skill could, neither etlcct a cure nor account for the attack. Tim laciy loft her booie in search of health, and completely íe CDVei-ett; hut every successive return to the suburban houso was followed! l.y the sam» painful and disfiguring affection. Ont! dootor suggested a mysterious l'orra of erjsvpelas, and anothir diagnosed the diseaso as blood poisoning; but, in spite of the hii'sb mcdicnl advice, she was often very ill, and at times her life appeared in dapger. After 12 years of torture at- tention was drawn to a letter in a. local newspaper, in which the writer gave par- ticulars of. attacks from which he han suffered, exactly similar to those of l^an kestor's friewd; and stated that the dis- ease was due to a pois a given off by an American climbing plant, which cover- ed ino walls pf his house. By himself and friends this vine was believed to bo the Virginia creeper, but he had since ascertained through a botanical acquaint- ance that it wai the Californian, poison vine, Bhura toxicodendron, which belongs to the same' family as the) sumach trees, of which ssvfral poisonous species are known. In conclusion, this correspondent stated that on cutting down the Cali- fornian plant, and burning it oft, nis attacks wholly ceased. The professor's friends, read this letter, and examined their own hotiBe and g-arden. Hound tho walls of their drawing-icom, and grow- ing upwards over übe wife's bedroom windows, they found a vine that had hitherto been regarded as a Virginia creeper, with, thiec leaflets to each leal instead of live, and having a long stalk to tho central/ kaílet. (Ai specimen sent to the botanical authorities at Kew was t-eturnod labelled Rhus toxicodendron (poison tree). Tho plant was cut down and destroyed by Ore, and, except for one slight attack, proba'bly duo to scat- tered fragments of the leaves, tho lady recovered her health. Experiments car- ried out in the laboratories of Harvard University show that the poison is a fixed oil, found in all parts of the plant, and even in the fine hairs anil cuticle "f the leaf. This poison is a most active land powerful irritant, destroying living tissue and producing acute pain. A particle so innnitestmol as to be be yi-nd description in ordinary tarms is sufficient to set up tbo symptoms de- scribed. It is believed that the hairs of the plant are the most) acbiye source of trouble, coming off on tho hand when the leaf is touched, and being trans- ferred to. the moro tender sou of the face. , An American lady writes : "I personally had a rr.ost gricvons experi- ence one summer. My dress, though very short for .wood and hill walking, urush (¡a ov<>r the poisonous plnirt, and then came in contact with my skin. Both limbs becamo covered with an emption. and the 'agony of, itching, bnrninr», and smarting was indescribable." North Queensland has ¡\ tren of this genus, Rhus rufa, and the deep yellow-wood' cf our scrubs, tile jango-ja-ngo of the abori- ginal, is a close ally; but of neitlwr of these species is there anv report of skin troubles consijqnent on handling ttoan. Oí two imported trees sometimes foend in our parks and gardens, of the same genus as the poison-ivy, one has acrid fruits reported as causing blisters, nnd tile other noB a blistering sap, and' exudes an. acrid varnish that similarly aflects the skin. , Mosquitoes\and Man. In Brisbane and its suburbs for several years an active .campaign was carried on against the various specieB of icos-1 quito, and some success was for a time scored. Ot late the various precaution» seem, to havo relaxed, and the plague ot mosquitoes has recently been moro ram- pant than ever. Among Queensland specips is the well-known tiiïer mosnuito. of which Dr Thomas Bancroft says "it is an introduced specios . ¡, the inter mcdiary ho^t for the jcllow fever piira wte, and possibly also for dernçue fever " At the recent Melbourne oon gresi it was stated ny one of thcdr lotsatcs that, among other of Queens- land's diawbiicks, it was infected ~wvth the yellow fever mosquito A Queens- lander promptly countered this by show- ing that until the Health Department was inert enough to allow a vcllow fever patient to land, the peculiar mosquito earner of jellow fever infec- tion, Stegomyia fasctati, was out ot 'work, having no virus to carrj. -When we contrast our own halting methods with those of American health omeials in Cuba and Panama, we arc struck with the excellent results that persist- ence and thoroughness produce, rcbrfts that have done much to banish both malana and jellore fever from those regions I or the striking change uifrde in the Panama C-inal /one the ctoef credit is due to Col Gargas chief sani- tary officer An Vmcriciii Medical Com- mission in Cuba had prove 1 that the bite of StcgiomMn 'is the onlv v-ny in winch a man cap acquire vcllow fevir, and the gnat which bites the man, must have taken up the germs of jellow fever from another (infected) man-12 davs previouslv ' The Trench Conal Com- pany, that failed to pierce the isthmus, had IS 18,000 labourers in their em- ploy Among these they lost f re u I malana ind vcllow fever 60 nor cent ID 1SS1 and -0 ncr cent m 1SS5 These severe losses created n panic, and it was found impossible to securo tho labour reauired In May, 1904, Colonel ("¡oreas and bis stan" commenced their sanitary ooerations in tho canal zone, a strin of territory 50 miles from north to south. Jinking the town of Coion at one end to Panama st the other. Commencing at the termini, hundreds of men were I 1 employed screening all tanks and water receptacles, so us to do away with the breeuint, places of the yellow fever mosquito The malana mosquito Ano pbcles breeds in clean water wttere grass and weeds grow and seldom flics j more than 200 jards from its breeding place therefore, all pools within that distance from the workmen s bootes were fllle 1 in These houses had wire- I kauze screens btud over all doors aud i windows and a liberal supply of quinine j was scnel out Tho netion of quinina is I J cause such a change in the I blood that the malaria paiasif» could not thu\e in it Ia fumiUntUlÄ the | hous s îmrr nsc quanti les oí sulphur and inrethrum wert USM] In ess tuan two years the oiicct f Colonr-1 Gorgas and his associates wn-s attain d the last case oi \ellrw [tier occurring in Dccem bci 1J05 though the control of malana is not --0 perfect In 1JC7 _ with nn armj of employs 45 000 strong tho death rate «a IS per thousand and an one white i alone 1 p r thousand I he mam lau't of tin higher death rate among nc"roc"< is their creator* sus ceptibilitv li pniumomn It will thus be scon that the canal zone has burn changed from a pestilential area into a dibtnct with a death rate not greater thin that uf a well regulated Britisn or American city How Noxious Weeds are Spread. In th.. Queensland AirnculturaL Journal of Deeertfbcr Uli, tho late Loveninieut Botanist Mr P M Uailcy, reporte 1 the discovery, nt St George, of plant-» of a well-known bouth Alntan weed, named in Natal the devil s thorn A lurther account with plati u given by Messrs J JP Holley aud White in tho same joui-nal for December, Ulb rbu plant has btems one to one and a half leet in height with bluntly ovate leaves cut off RiUiirely at tho base somi-umes shortly lo.jctl at the lower angles and fixed to the stem by long stalks the harmful portion) cf the plant is the bart triangular fruit beset with rigid spines The introducer of n noxious weed is not usually popular with his neighbours, and is never anxious to have, his name at- tached to the pestilent immigrant The first Australian specimen was scat frcrn Wgit Australia, about the year 184¿ bj Mr James Drummond who was gardener at Government House Perth for sis. or seven jenrs He possessed a good knowledge of plants, and hid a laige share in tne elucidation of tho I West Australian flora. The Flora Aus traliensis proves that he was a corre- spondent of Bentham, one of England s foremost botanists, to whom be fre- quently submitted new plants, with notes oni their peculiar or poisonous proper- ties. Drummond arrived at tho Swan Uiver settlement in 1829, by tho Par- melia, the first ship despatched from England' with free emigrants. , A year later, Mr. Wm. Tanner chartered tbi» barque Margaret, far the same settle- ment, carrying with him several fami- lies contracted to servo with him as cul- tivators, and having as caitgo stock, vehicles, implements, tools, and goods suitable for settlers in a now colony'. The voyage was long, and nearly three I months passed before Capetown, waa i cached. Here adverse news from Swan River led to Tanner abandoning his plan, and selling his stock, and goods at » considerable loss. After a stay of seven weeks . 'at the Cape, Mr. Tanner determined to proceed to Tasmania, and invited such of the party as had not found work to accompany bim. From the, Cape to obtained seeds and cuttings of useful plants. Touching first at the Mauritius, their barque, the Dniromore, reached Fremantle, February 2, 1131. Hero Tanner and his party were per- suaded to stfey. Ona off the settlers thus introduced, Mr. D. Wonsborough, for a time was employed by Drummond at Government House, and afterwards ia the service of a market gardener. Mr. T. Phillips. Here, in the spuing of 1S33, he sowed a bed of "Cape Spinach," the seed of which hnd teen brought from the Cap» by Mr.' Tanner, ft spread with great rapidity, and es- tablished itself thoroughly along the Swan River. The fruits stuck to bales and packages, and even to the staves« of casks rolled along the wharves, to the annoyance of clock and farm labourers. In this way Bmex Australis, or "Tanner's Curse," spread through West ana South Australia, and is now found also along the eastern coast of the Con- tinent. Life History of the Common Eel. It ¡a n ramarkatvle fact tlisut no iiniato mist, hawovev skjlledi and e-cpeinienoed, has ever been able to (tell whether dis- sected foesliivv- ivtei' eols were male evr female, since they contained neither .roe r.or milt. Various fanciful lines of tlcscent were long populan' beliefs; one story produced them from home hair, find .a-notflior save as itihoii* pareme's the long, thro.ijd-like Ctordian worms, »n sites of insects, which leive their linetî in snmmor, passing io an aquatic life. ¡River fishermen ihave long separated eels iuito two clauca, itcoïne-et by ithem ycdlaw and silvpr /><ll=> lu. r ii . " -....» onie* cuis, jic toll ito ithe ci-edit of Petersen, a fcioandinaviain naturalist, to i make the first step in tracing tho life cycle of tlie eel. lie pointe« out tfhat silver eels develop .fi'om yellow eds, acquiring a «timing 'white «oat, ana a I gréai derolopmorat. lin ¡übe ¿ize of tine eyes, as a wedding outfit in preparation for matrimony. Silver eels caugliit in itihe sea mear 'the moiillba of rivers were in a low casE3 found to be «ppi-ouching maturity, containing either milt or roe ia mi mcamip-ldbely formed condition. About itlhe «uno time «uno 'of Peterson's assistants found turnt itihe age of an eel j can be oseoritaiined by iplacing one of its small scales under the microscope, and counting tlio rings on it, just as we reckon the age of a tree by the rings or zones of wood. Observers were now able to tell us -that female eels inhabit fresh- water streams or poois till they aie seven years of age, and then descend to the sea, maturp, and become lost in the ocean depths. Under exceptional circumstances of climate und environment they may re- main immature for eight or even eleven years. 'The males mature earlier, their period of probation in frewh water usually covering four and a half years, and rarely expanding to seven or eight years. At all stages the female is larger than the mole. For some years the ultimate fate of fuUy-devetopcd' eels was unknown ; but we now know that they travel from the English Channel and Xbrtlt Sea in search of deeper 'water to the west of Ireland, never ceasing in their outward journey until they reach depths of ñOO fathoms. fiore they snawn and prob- ably die, for these adult fish never re- turn to their river homes, and are not I caught at sea. But 'above the ocean I depths into which they have disappeared are found curious, transparent little fishes, two and n half inches long, oblong and flattened like a leaf. . The eyes are i-oloured, and when the creature? »m I placed in «aquuria the coloured eves seem to swim m unison attached to no pet cepUulo bodv Kept tine abel under observation for a time, tins loaf like creature "shrunk in breadth, became cylindrical, colomed and opaque, and assumed the complete charactcia of i joung eel " It thus became known that the leaf shaped or leplocephnlus stage ivis the jounglmg or tadpole of the eel Naturalists on the shores of the Sti nts of Messina found gi cat numbers of thom at depths of 400 fathoms, and proved that they resulted from the hatching of eggs, spawned m the greater depths below After changing from the leaf form, the voung are known as elvers Ihtse appear in vast quantities off the months of 'Western ¡European ruero those nearest Ireland in Novcmjbor in the ¡Danish rivers- as late as Mur The «warming is known in Pnghnd as the eel fare 1 he 5 oung fish j>as>» up the main stream, ascend tr butane«, climb the rocks of cascades, and even cio>* flooded meadows to entpr ponds and lakes Latelj similar ?VuBtralian ceä fai es Im P been repoi ted from the Hopkins, Barwon, and Moorabool Rivers of \\\cstetn Victoria and from Nariacan Creek in G ppsland and Mr J A Kershaw, Curator of the National Museum, Melbourne, has photographed ehers ascending rock» at the Hopkins Pal]-» neu Warrnambool 