[?] [?] ! A NEW USE FOR AEROPLANES. , l As a medium for catching' criminals, the i aeroplane, just about fills the bill. Last week's cables told of an absconding bank swindler who got away on a steamer with £40^000 from a Danish bank. He was pursued by aeroplane^ and captured, and the loot returned' to -the bank. WHY DOES A HEN GO BROODY? ' A domestic hen. lays eggs in order to hatch them, as does a bird in a nest When she becomes broody it' mea,ns that her time for laying is temporarily ended s?- that she may sit close; and incubate the eggs. It is one of the manifestations of instinct, not' reason! : r WHAT ARE CONSOLS? ' The word 'consols'! Is a short form for consolidated, - and, refers, to 'various 'kinds of British Government 'Stock '.which were consolidated into one kind at a uniform rate of interest, and maturing at a given date!' ' . -,???? . L PIGS DONT_SUICIDE. The ' legend' thftt pigfs kill' 'themselves by cutting their throats . with their sharp, forehoofs is generally', believed, but th§re is no truth in 'it. ... ' CHEATING HIMSELF. .'You are charged. , with .. selling.. -adul* terated milk,',' said ? the ; Judge. - ? ????-? 'lour Honor, J-plead not iguilty , | 'But the testimony- shows that it i§ 25 per cent water;' . v ' ''Then it must~i-e ..liighr grade, milk,' ,rer turned the .plaintiff. v'If your Honor will look up the 'word 'miik* in ''your diction ary you will find' that .it contains from 80 to 90 pei? cent'., water; '~;I should have «qld . it ftir'. creain!''. . .. A FIVJE- YEAR-OLD VOTERv ?Owing to; an* error, the name, of -Nancy Roberts, the five- year-old ; daughter of Professor Stanley Roberts, of . Aberys twyth (Wales), wks included in the vot ing register. . The five-year-old mite went to the polling booth with her father and was allowed to exercise her vote. DO STONES GROW? j Stones are for the-most part worn frag ments of much greater masses of material, of boulders which' once formed parts of mountains. They, become in time reduced to grit, sand, ahd-'powder. If a.stone is in water that has mineral- matter la- solution the matter is often deposited on the stone, which then gets larger.' We see, this in the case of the .so-called petrifying . springs. ' \ UP TO THE TIMES. His Mother: 'I'm glad to see my little boy quit such rough sports as playing pirate.' Bobbie: 'Piracy's out o' date, mom. I We're playin' landlord and tenant, now.' BIRD PILOTS AN ENGINE. | On the Midland. Railway (England! be , twr.en Morecambe . and Wennington sta tions, a pigeon accompanies the -passenger trains. It flies with the train close to the : engine chimney, only leaving that position ! when a bridge is approached, and resum ing it when the bridge is passed. When the train stops at- a station; it- rests on. the station house, and continues its flight when the strain moves on. In the cold weather 'the pilot' ceases to mak6\\.the custoijiary journeys, but resumes, its | duties, or pleasures, in the summer..- 1 40,000 MILES OF EARTHQUAKE.; ?* The recent great earthquake in China affected an area of 40,000 square, miles. Whole villages were buried,, thousands killed, and in many places half the houses have been destroyed.: A MAMMOTH AIRSHIP.. [? Under the auspices -of the Soviet GQ ' vernment, Russian Engineer Malchonin is [ building a' mammoth airship. It will carry ! 1000 passengers, or 60,000 pounds of freight — about '967 tons? ' Its ' top speed will be 05 miles an ho'ur. The motors will be 24,000 horse-power. It will have Sev eral berth decks connected , by elevator. ; An automobile; an airplane, -and- a motor boat will be carreid for emergency use. JOBS FOR WOMEN. How many people know.^that under the I 'Women's Legal Status Act - passed by the N.S.W. Government, a member :; of the female sex can be' elected and act as a . member of the Legislative1 Assembly, Lord Mayor, or alctermen of' the City Council of Sydney, Mayor, president, alderman,, or councillor of any municipality ; or shire, a Judge of. the Supreme or District Courts, chairman of Quarter . Sessions, 4 stipendiary 01 Police .magistrate, or- justice1 of the peace, or to be admitted ? as; a barrister or conveyancer. ' PASSENGERS BY WEIGHT. On the New York to Chicago air' service passengers are charged_according to their weight. RURAL BANKS IN' N.S.yV. Already 46 branches of the N.S.W. Rural Bank have been opened throughout the State.- It is expected that a further 54 branches will be opened during June — making 100 branches in all.' The rural banks will deal in current accounts, fjxed - deposits, and deposit stock. FROM LABORER TO. ARMY CHIEF. During the ear^ part of the war Leon Trotsky was following the somewhat ob scure occupation of a laborer in Canada and the United States. To-day he is the commander-in-chief of an army of sevei'al : million soldiers in Russia, and has dis ! played rare military genius in the cam paigns which. he has. conducted, s. ' ; THE BRITISH' NATION'S CAT. 'Bobbys -is the British-:nation?s cat. ; He belongs to the Treasury, and he is pro- ' vided, under the Civil Service Estimates; with an allowance of . Id. per day for his upkeep. - There is \a movement, on foot 1 io increase his allowance from a penny to twopence a day. His'' duty is to keep rats and mice away from formidable stacks of official documents. .'v- r.. M.YTHS OF HIJSTO.RY. ' \- Philip III. of Spain was not roasted to death by a? fire, because the .red' tape. .'of royal etiquette forbade anyone to touch the royal person. He- died a. natural 'death. The' Swiss Confederation was not founded by William Tell.and he did not shoot an apple from Ahe head of-hiS; son,. - Even his name cannot be found in the archives of the' cantons.' ~ 'jy ' ' .,' Charles I. did not sleep soundly at Whitehall on the night preceding his death, undisturbed by the noise of the workmen erecting his scaffold. He did not sleep at Whitehall at all that night,, soundly or otherwise. He passed the -night at St... James's.^ far removed from sight or sound of the ghastly preparations. KEEPING UP THE BIRTH-RATE. '/An :18th child has ;been born to 'MrV Arthur Hayday, Labor : member of the House of Commons for West Nottingham. Mr. Hayday has been twice married, and his first. wife. had nine children.' Mr. Hay day is one- of 16 children, and -Mrs. Hay day is one of 13. ' v .r CHARLES GAR VICE. ' ?J: Charles Garvice,' who. died in London on March 2,' 1920, had achieved a successful position among British authors. In the twelve months just before the war Mr. Garvice . sold over' a 'million copies of his novels - in Great Britain and- the British Dominions, leaving out of account liis' sales in the United States, where he also had a big market. ' All told he h&'d sold something like 7,000,000 copies of his books up to the time of the war. CURATE (at local football .match) :????' 'How do you think we shall get5 on?' . CAPTAIN: '^Vell, sir, our goalkeeper m: ain't much use( our centre - forward 'as a gammy knee, and the left !alf back may not turn up, but — my brother ' Jim-is refereeing us.' ' . — 'London Opinion.' DISTU RBING AURORA. As a . result of the aurora, borealis in Canada on May 13 last'all the telegraph lines on the American continent were out of. !order.' The \effect was also - felt an | the^ cable lines across the Pacific Ocean; | while in Austi-alia and New Zealand; the [effects of' the; aurora ; caused magnetic. | storms, vyhich rendered ielegraphic com rmunication difficult. ^ MUST HAVE AIR I _ A gentleman - was walking along a' toun-i try lane one* day when' he was. star tied to see a man's head appear- above the dirty water in the ditch. ? 'Why* ? Pat,' he- exclaimed, 'what are^ you doing there? ? '..The Irishman smiled sheepishly. 'Well,- sir, being tired of this -life, I am trying to drown'mesilf!'- ? . 'But why, then, : do. you keep ? putting: your head-.out of the waterfor?' .. . ,;Shure,. now,'.' replied Pat, -.'X 'have to keep coming up to get my breath!' COST CtF CHOOSING A PRESIDENT. The bill for making Mr. Harding Presi dent of the United States . amounted to 10, 338;006 dollars, or over £2,OO0,OOO. It is clear that the election of an American President is more costly than the election of a British king. . JEWISH SANHEDRIM REVIVED. Under the provisions of the British mandate oVer Palestine, the Jewish San hedrim is to' be revived, after a lapse of 15 centuries.. This famous body of 71 members, founded by Moses, was the su preme council of the Jewish nation and is referred to in both the Old and New Tes taments., It became, extinct in 425 A.D. following the execution of its last Presi dent, Gamalial 'the Sixth. Now, fifteen! centuries lateri'- it enters upon a new lease: of life. . ^ ? ???.? ''Why do you have those rails there? Is it to prevent people from stealing, .your goods?' 'No; They are for people to catch ^ \- hold of when they hear our* prices!' . „ r, ?-, — 'Ravnen,' Copenhagen.' , ; ; Not HIS BUNCH. A Sunday school teacher was. quizzing, her class of boys-'on the strength of their; desire for righteousness. -' 'All ;those who wish to, go to heaven,' she said, .'please stand.' All got to their feet but one small boy. *. 'Why, Johnny,' exclaimed the shocked' teacher, 'do you ? mean to say that you don't Want to go to h^aven?' . \- 'No, ma'am,' l'eplied Johnny promptly.: 'Not if that bunch is going.' ' : ? ? - NEMESIS, THE AVENGER. Nemesis; meaning requital or destiny, in the, ancient Greek mythology, was a god dess whose office it was to ; be the ' per-; sonification- of the righteous anger of the god«; the executioner of divine vengeance on the heads of evildoer's. Accox*ding to Hesiod, she was the daughter of Night, and pursued the proud; the; arrogant and the * insolent' with inflexible severity; Temples' were erected in her honor, not' only in Greece, but throughput the Roman Empire;- in which she vras worshipped as the ' goddess - of vengeance, and. the per sonification of retributive justice. ^ PROFITS IN BUTCHERING. . . For the purpose '-of testing the actual cost of handling and in order to demon strate at what price on ? the present whole sale prices meat . of the various cuts can be~ retailed to tlie . public, the N.S.W; Go vernment is~opening a .State butcher's shoji in Sj'dney .'within; the next few days..: ? f PHENOMENAL' RAINFALLS. Heavy rains fell over the eastern part of the State of New South Wales during the seven dayg ending May 16. Clarence Heads reported;, 26 'inches, - while there were many falls of from 20 to 25 inches at other places along the . North Coast district. Floods, washaways, inundations;? great jlosses i of stock and- crops, and,- in : some cases, loss of life, occurred as a re 'sult of the heavy rainfalls, ^ : ' THE TRADE WINDS. - U .Trade winds are . winds .bio whig- more |or less steadily -from the tropical belts of ihigh pressure towards the equatorial belts i of low pressure, from the north-east south [of the ; Equator and ' form the southv-east (north of the Equator. These winds are i exceedingly regular, especially .over the toceans, where, there' is^ no disturbing in fluence from the great land masses. They [can be calculated on beforehand by the [mariner, . and. .are. -therefore -beneficial to ihave. Authorities -say 'that they receive their name .from .the word 'trade' or 'tread' . used . in.1 vthe; now obsolete sens# of '?'direction', or 'course.' f;; ;; ? : ? '? ? ??-.- '''i SLEPT FOR THREE -YEARS.- . James S. Eslinger ?. entered the Fort Smith Canada) hospital in 1914, suffer ing! from pelagra. In July, 1918, he fell asleepr and did not wake till March 29, 1921, when, he yawned, looked round, and . went to sleep again. He did not, speak to the nui*se attepding: him, and who con stantly feeds him in his sleep through a tube. ? .-. :?-. . - . . ?;? - r THE HISTORY? OF CHpCOLATBS. Chocolate was first sold publicly in Eng land in.' .1657;' and ; in France in ;1661. v It was served in the famous London coffee shops and' became a very popular bever age. In 1660 chocolate .was sold in Lon don at 15/- a pound. The aristocrats patronised many of the famous chocolate houses. The first milk chocolate; was made by Daniel Peters, of Yevey.- (Swit- zerland) in 1890; , ? SO M ETH I NG LIKE ACC U RACY. \- An instrument; that : deserves special mention is the micro-balance designed' by Ramsay and Gray, and used by them to weigh and estimate thjp density of the rare gas niton, which escapes slowly from radium and of which they possessed only .one-twenty- rthousand^h of a cubic inch. They were able to effect both' these mea surements accurately, by* means of this balance, :Whiphv will'- weigh .tp .witjiin , a one-thousand-millionth part of an ounce. FIRST FULLER SCHOLARSHIP. _ The first' ti*avellfng , scholarship in agri cultural science i'under .'theiV/Ben- Fuller, Trust has been awarded to R. J. Noble^. B-Sc., one of the' most distingruished students in agriculture* at the Sydney University. Mr.' Noble, ; who will receive two years' training under -the scholarship, leaves for the United States in ; the near, ifuture, and will study at the' leading- agri cultural colleges in that country. - / I HE DIDN'T UNDERSTAND. The K.C. was in a great- hurry. Calling a taxi he said to the' driver:. - 'Courts of Justice. Quick!' ? '.'Whereabouts are they, sir?' asked the red badge driver, pulling down the flag. 'What! you a licensed1 driver, and don't know where the Law Courts are ?' 'Oh, the Law Courts^. But you aaid the Courts .of Justice.' ' r ' ' \- : SJi PATRICK'S BIRTHPLACE. There , has -beren a great deal of contro versy about ,ther birthplace of 'St. Patrick, Scotland, England, Wales 'and France all claiming the great Apostle' of Ireland as a! son ; but the best -authorities seem to think that he was a' -native of . Kil patriek, near Dumbarton (Scotland), in the year SS7; died at Saul, D?wnpatrick (Ire land) March 17, 49J, The Apostle of Ire land .. himself, ,? in ;his 'Confessions,' tells us that in his sixteenth year he was car ried off . into captivity by pirates and sold as a slave- to a chieftian of the present County of Antrim, ; in Ireland. 'Man. Donar, why are ye lookin'. sae ' i worrit when you've just won the motor i car in the ra££le?' ? , ? ^ 'Ah was' just thinkin* o' the awf u' - waste o'-buyin' twa tickets!' / ? . , - ; - —'Passing Show,' London. OVERHEARD AT LONG BA-V JAIL. I 'Isn't ^pocket-picking' a difficult' and dangerous, art?' , .. . . ™ '¥es, till you get your; hand; in.V ; : i \- THE CAT THAT CAME BACK. Some, months ago a -cat, 'stowed, away in the- engine of -a boxed motor car in America,- and,- after a- journey from the factory in.that country'to- Australia, last ing seven ; weeks, -was found to be still alive. ? It was ' riursed - back to normal health w;hen the/Australian Customs au thorities: decided thar it .was a prohibited immigrant ., and ordered its deportation. The return journey, however, was made! under more comfortable conditions. The cat was insured for £1000,- and a special feline, dietary, -for it.-, on- .shipboard was provided-, A coevJxle -message; tJie -other-. day J told of its safe arrival .back in America. /i ' . NO GLORY IN THIS. . The ^fashionable shopping centres -i * London^ are now~ throngStl by, disabled former soldiers with barrel organs, who, with pitiful displays of their v wounded , condition, -unemployment, ,and ^ impover ishment, manage to collect. some pennies from the crowds. All these heroes got ,. out of the great fight : for ;democracy 1st * their medals and the right ^o beg! ' KEEP' AWAY FROM IRELAND; * Because he had a revolver in his -pos-* session, and carried a prohibited book en-' titled, 'Night Fighting,' John ' Allen w,as sentenced to death by a .British mili'tai'-y court at Dublin on February, 2*4. last: He 1 .was denied the right of appeal..;, Thirty- ! ;e six hours later he was shot. 1 ? . '? THE NEXT WAR. A glimpse of ' what the next-- Avar~Tnayy ? be ^like^is provided by Lord^I^eadley,' an Engjish scientist, who says:;;.' 'A-^general : officer, ' sitting at his comfortable! desk in ? the; war' office, might- touch a* button and release destructive agencies 'capable of sweeping hundreds of square miles and . depriving of existence every living crea ture thereon.' .- BOTTLE- OHS. ON STRIKE. ? Sydney bottle collectors are on strike, owing to the bottle yards having cut down ; . the price for bottles. The 'bottle-ohs'l have ' formed a. Union and have picketed the bottle yards.- They have issued a mani-- . festo calling on all ; unionists -to; cease, drinking bottled beer. ; ONLY ONE GLANCE. 'Did you notice that .woman who just, passed?' inquired he. . . 1 - \- 'The one)' responded she, 'with ? the? grey hat- the white' feather, the red velveCT ? roses,* the mauve jacket, the black skirt;^. - the mink furs, and the lavender spats?' . / . ??Yes.' 'Not particularly.' . ' - A SOUTH SEA ISLAND VENICE. Mysterious ruins on Ponape Island, in the Caroline Group, indicate that thou-'. sands of years ago- there -was a teeming population of scientific builders of a South. Pacific Venice. Ruined castles at Nama- ? tol, on the island, represent the tojl of thousands of , men In an- age when no . other stone buildings existed* Within hun dreds of miles. A SINN FEIN WALK-OVER. Tlier elections for the' South Ireland Par liament, which took place on May 14, re- I suited in 124 Sinn Feiners being elected ' unopposed. Four Unionist candidates were also elected. There were no contests — the whole of the 128 seats, being filled without any of the candidates facing the poll. With only four opponents in; a House of 128 members, the Sinn Feiners ' will have it all their own. way. .The re-r suit demonstrated, at all events, the power of Sinn Fein in Ireland; FIFTY-FIFTY. In the sweet silence of the twilight they, honey-spooned upon the beach. ./'Dearest, ' she murmured tremblingly, 'now that we are married I — I have a secret to tell you!' 'What is it, sweetheart?' he 'asked softly. . 'Can you ever forgive me for deceiving- . you?' she. sobbed. 'My— my left eye- is made of glass.' . . ' ; 'Nevei1 mind, lovebird,' lie whispered gently; 'so are the diamonds —in your engagement ring!'.. . , ; OUR FIRST LADY BARRISTER. Miss ? Ada Emilys Evans, B.A., LL,B., who was . admitted to the N.S.W. Bar on * May , 12 -last, has; the, distinction' of -being the first lady barrister in New South Wales. Miss . Evans , qualified fori admis- (- sion some time ago, but until the passing ^ of ^-the r Women's Legal Statiis Act was prevented from joining the; ranks of the profession.' , jSN'TrTHEllAW' WONDERFUL! A Beflgian; paper tells: of a woman . living at Mons who is, denied a marriage license ; because she does , not know, her name, a'go 1 oV, birthplace, and therefore 'has no legal1 existence.') , The case is analagous to .that of a ' man named Mahony-who' was hanged some r years ^'ago.' -When the prison physician pronounced him dead, the body was cut j down and delivered to the relatives. Life! -, was not extinct,- however, and^a few hours later the man was quite- himself again. 1 ' He was shot by a murderer some time afterward, but the assassin could not' bo i . brought . to justice because, as the :covirt| ? said, '-'Mahony was legally dead, and there -r ? fore,' could- not: be killed -subsequently by.-' anybody.' ^ 