Sociafossip' ! Alt comwunl<HoM U "Th» flan," especially larltatUaa to fondles, mart bo ad(lrei»i>(i to tkte ISdltor, and NOT to nvmbfri of the staff. To ensure Insertion In the following Issue. iKirarrnphs Intended for tbla column > must roach the offlco aet later than Thursday JSTeniog. ' _ I The Governor and Damo Margaret Davidson and tho Misses Daphne and Diana Davidson are staying at "Hlll- vicw," Sutton Forest, and will probably remain out of town until Easter. o Lady Richards, who was recently very ill, is now much better, and has returned from Moss Vnlo to her homo at Bellovue Mill. 9 Tho Lady Mayoress (Mrs. W. H. Lambert) will give a reception at her rooms In the Town 1-Tnll next Tuesday morning to Miss Elhcltla Blelhtrcy, tho American lady swimming champion. » . Tho drawing-room oi' the Women's Club was attractively decorated with bowls or roses on Thursday afternoon for an informal afternoon tea given by Mrs. Jessica I.eo to a number of her friends who helped nt tho recent fete at "The Nest," Mosmuh. Tho guests included Mesdamcs Ilix Nicholas, Thompson, Llndsny, Blundell, Aubrey , Withers, John Hamilton, Justellus, Dale, Misses Ivy Jones, Fosberg, Lind say, Langford, Brooks, King, Moss. . Tho wedding will tako place at St. Michael's Church, Rose Bay, next Tuesday, of Miss Lucy Windeyer and Lieut.-Col. R. R. Baldwin. Tho wed ding dress is to be a dream of beauty. « A visitor from Canada is Miss Kath- orlne Hughes, who is travelling prim arily for her health. Miss Hughes, a sister of Mrs. R. H. Knell, secretary- treasurer of the Canadian Council of Immigration of Women, has been as sociated with several Government de partments in. Canada, and for some time wielded a journalistic non. Probably the best known and best loved brand ol' patriotic entertainers is t n e uncer-on group of girls, who, under tho enthusiastic and capable direction of Mrs. Bennett White, have dis pensed fan and cheer to the hoys in camp and hos pital for the past five years. Their o n t ertalnments raised over £14,000 for pa- triotic purposes, und the fourth : unnlversary con- j cert given at ! llosraan on Wednesday lacked none of : that brightness and sparkle which haa j made the girls famous. The Cheer- > oils are now contemplating a tour of ' tho Mountain towns, where concerts ; will bo given for tho benefit of tho blind soldiers. < Mrs. Norman W. Pago, with her two children, is spending the summer on' tho mountains. Miss Watlclns, Mrs. Page's sister. Is also of the party. ..... . Mr. Gerald Dlgby, son of Major and Mrs. Everard Dlgby, of Neutral Bay, Is engaged to Miss Frances McICee, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. McKee, Woodvllle, Duleen, Queensland, Mrs. Dlgby has just returned from a visit to her son on his farm at Glen Innes. Mrs. T. Mngulro and her daughters, who are well known in West Maitland, have bought a lovely homo at Ashfleld, and will live there. A number of parties have been given to them since they came to town. Mrs. Glass and Miss Norma Glass, of "Karmacharl," Marrlckvllle, entertaining for them at Farmer's last week, their guests being Mesdames Glass, O'Donnell, Bohrlnger, the Misses le Hunt, D. Ashby, Ma- gulro (3), Innes (2), Craig (2), and K. Lehane. "Australia' takes a lot of boating," says Mrs. Eleanor Morrison, who has been travelling the world for 2S years under sail and steam. Sho has recently re turned to Sydney after a long ab sence and In tends settling hero for a while. During the war years she was hospitality Itself to our boys who needed a cheery friend and a good foster - mother, and her house In Liverpool - streot spelt "Home" to any wandering Aus sie. She nlso did h. great amount of work for tho linen cupboards of Wal lasey Hospital In Cheshlro. When sho commences to speak of her travels Mrs. Morrison unfolds a wonderful story, and sailing round tho Horn seems ever so much moro dangerous than taking un aeroplane glide. « The nineteenth homo provided 'by tho Voluntary Workers' Cafe will bo banded over to Sergeant Moffat, at Nlbllck-street, North Bondl, next Sat urday afternoon. As provision Is made for Sergeant Moffat to carry on a grocery business tho committee would appreciate any goods, no matter how small, that will assist In stocking Ills shelves. Mr. Justice James, with Mrs. James and family, are spending a few weeks at Broken Bay. Their daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Bruco Ryrle, joined them last week. The committee of St. Luke's Hospital, which is making a special effort to ob tain subscribers to the funds, ap peals lor co operation from people In tho suburbs and country to form centres to work for the hospital. Miss Dorothy Ryrle has been appointed organ ising secretary. In place of Miss Gladys Kent, and Is pursuing her work with much energy. Tho hos pital will bo re- opened In April, and it Is hoped that when It is fully equipped the new wing and operating theatre which is now nearing completion will 1111 a much- needed want. The secretary's office is ut 10 Spring-street. t . Lady Forstcr has extended her pat ronage to the ox-Service Women's Club. Each batch of W.A.A.C.'s and W.R.A.F.'s arriving from overseas brings new blood to the club, and tho membership is growing steadily. Prior to her marriage Miss Stolla Cohen was given a number of teas by her girl friends. Among those who were hostesses last week were the Misses Anna and Mlna Boar, of Ken tucky, Corunna-roiul, Slanmoro, und Mesdames Aarons and Mendelsohn Bas- ser, who entertained at the Australia for tho bride-elect. I Miss Ruby Coxhead Is organising a Jumble salo to tako place at Paddy's Market next Wednesday, to raise funds ; to procure comforts for the Nurses' ' Homo of the Sydney Hospital. Tho j salo will open at 10 u.m„ j Among the many Sydneyltes who ' lelt by the Naldera last week to travel In Europe wa3 Mrs. Tom Mar- ! shall, of Tullan- gatta, North Sydney. Mrs. Marshall is a Danish woman, whose sterling war work, will never bo forgot— I ten. One of the ; first to help the ; lads in khaki. Mrs. Marshall ! equipped at her ', own expense 200 : completo kits for | soldiers. Mrs. ; Marshall will ; visit. In company with her hus- 1 band, all tho famous art centres of the old world. Both are art lovers, ; Mr. Marshall being a trustee of the Sydney National Art Gallery. i » Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Apte, of Mo- Mahon's Point, are among those leav ing by the Ormonde next Saturday, j They intend making a tour of America and the Continent, and will spend some time in London, besides visiting Ant werp as the guests of Mr. und Mrs. Apte, sen. » » The Bondl- Waveriey branch of the Housewives' Association will meet on Wednesday at 2.30 p.m. at tho Waver- M ley Council Chambers. Special In- j terest will be lent tho occasion by tho I presence of Mrs. Ashley Thompson, 1 general president, who will address tho j members after tho annual meeting and ; election of officers. Mrs. W. A. Mat- ' thews, of "Lichfleld," Rlddell-street, Woollahra, Is hon. secretary, and she asks for a full attendance. I Miss Florence Fourdrlnler, recently ! appointed organising secretary of the i District Nursing Association, has en- : tcred enthusiastically on her work., and has launched her appeal for. £ 10,000. On February 16 a meeting will ' be held in the vestibule of the Town Hall, at 3.30 p.m., to discuss arrange ments for the monster fete for the first week of April. j One of the 'biggest balls to lead off tho 1921 dancing season will be that In aid of St. Vln- VCliL B 4SVBJR14| w bo held in the Town Hall on March 29. Mrs. Toohey presided at a preliminary meeting at the hospital during the week, and as the last ball In aid of the hospital was held In 1913, tho committee de cided to work hard to make a brilliant success of the forthcom ing function. Tho Lady Mayoress, Mrs. W. II. .Lambert, who has always taken a keen Interest In the work of the hospital, was ap pointed president of the committee; Lady Hughes, Mrs. Toohey, Mrs. Vuughan and Mrs. J. Lane-Mulllns vice-presidents; Mesdames Kendall and Kenna hon. secretaries; and Miss Egan hon. treasurer. Tho next meet ing will be held at 11 o'clock on Wed nesday morning at tho hospital. Mrs. Jordan, who has been Identified since Its Inception with the House wives' Association as general secre tary, and who was also one of Its founders, has resigned. Mrs. Jordan's now sphere of work is tho Sydney Thoosophical Society, of which sho has been appointed assistant secre tary. Her Interest and association with the Women's Union of Service will be maintained, and she will con tinue to act as hon. secretary. (Continued on Page 18) Mrs. .... ,t White. IVIth. iileauor Mur- TIhoii. Mlsa Dorothy Rrrlo. Mrs. Tom Marshall. Mrs. W, II. Lambert, The Useful Magyar No frock style linn ever proved Its worth so thoroughly to tho mother of orowlnar IflrU as the Magyar, It stasias uny number of chuuges, and for best— or "very bestest." an n 'teen would say — this model In grey Jersey cloth, piped and buttoned with yellow would bo excellent. SOCIAL GOSSIP (Continued from Pago 14) Miss Marjorie Parr, commandant ot the Eastwood detachment V.A.D.'s, is holidaying at Jervis Bay, with her friend, .\i1bs Nell Everlngham, of Beileivue Hill. . . « Mrs. Inglis Hudson gave an at home at her residonco, "Gudvungen," Coo- gee lust Tuesday afternoon, in honor of Mrs. David Storey and Miss Storey, who will stortly leave for Europe. Tho Rundwick section of the V.A.D., of which Mrs. Storey has teen tho com mandant for the last six years, pre sented her with a handsome travelling lltted suit case, and Miss cStorey with a travelling clock, these mementoes being subscribed by tho members of the V.A.D. The presenta tion was made by Miss Lowe, one of tho quarter-masters, who expressed tho esteem and high regard that all tho members had for Mrs. Storoy and Miss Storey, and wished them bon voyage and safe return. Miss Trevor Jones, the other quar ter-master, acted as Secretary for the movement, and an enjoyable after noon was "spent. Mrs. H. Alexander and her daughter, Miss Myrtle Alexander, who some time ago returned to Sydney after a long wandering through Europe and America, are turning their faces this time towards Honolulu, which they pvoposo to visit as soon as tho strike releases the Niagara. . Under tho auspices of tho Sotdlsrs' Entertainments, Miss Lucy Wise and party last week gave an enjoyablo pro gramme to tho Invalids at the A.J.C, homo, "Canoilbury." Mr. Ad Creo anu party visited the Lady Davidson Home, Turramurra, and on Wednesday Mr. Ad Cree and party again visited the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital. « V , The Rod Cross spinning depot will re-open at No. 5 Wynyard-stroet to morrow. » Tho marriage will take place at 8 p.m. on March 1, at St. Matthew's Churoh, Bondl, of Miss M. E. French, of Connemara, Jacques-avenue, Bondl, and Mr. W. A. McCallum, of Eagle- hawk, Victoria. » » Cronulla, with Its fine beach and super surflng charms, Is claiming quite a big section of smart people these sunny days. Noticed last week at the Cronulla Hotel were.— Mr. W. M. Chls- holm, Mrs. J. P. Hardy, Mr. B. Hardy, Miss Hardy, Mrs. Alcock, Miss Irene Alcock, Mrs, John Harris, Mrs. C. ,T. Mosham, Mrs, Leo. Levy, Misses Beryl, Marjorie, and Bonnie Levy, Miss Phil Oow, Colonel Matson, Colonel Kelly, Major Thompson, Mr. Theo Hack, Mr. Frank B. Jones, Mr. Humphrey Bas- sett, Mr. Allan Grant. Mr. C. G. Milne, Mr. N. S. Thomas, Mfi F. Price, Mr. Mrs. and Miss Eileen Lloyd. 