SEWS 01' TBE DAY.. tMcugicrs of the Jfederal iBarliament are awaiting tire announcement of the result of the recent Commonwealth ceusun with live ly interest.. The publication of the ligurra will spell political extinction for some, and on the cmbreqaent redistribution or seats a great deal will depend. The first point of importance to be decided will be whether or not Victoria will be required to sur render one seat in the House of Represen tatives to New South Wales. Periodical returns of vital statistics have suggested this as a strong probability, and there is also a likelihood, that South Australia will lose a scat, Queensland being the gainer. Until tho official figures are computed, how ever, aud it is possible to make a definite calculation of the proportionate population of each State, the. question of reprcsenta tion cannot be determined. More import ant to most members will bo the general redistribution of seats, with the changes of .boundaries, which might easily convert a present "pocket borough" into a doubtful constituency. II is expected that the work of the commission to which this task will be entrusted, which will be headed by Mr. Oldham as chief electoral officer, will be commenced in July, and that the now scheme will be ready for submission to Par liament early Deoct year. It may be neces sary to summon a short special session to deal with this question, as time must be allowed between the adoption of the scheme and the general elections for the preparation of new rolls. A second conference aiming at economy in the Stale public service departments,, called by tbe Premier, wa9'beld 'yesterdiiy, when the departmental chiefs were nrged to reduce expenditure iu every possible way. After the meeting the Premier saiil that in view of the serions financial .position pro posals had been discussed for uniform action in the administration of the depart ments. He hail urged the oonfercnei- to secure the cooperation of the staffs witii a view lo tho economical and efficient ad ministration of- 1 he departments. I here are indications that at las' the fet.ate Government intends introducing legis lation lor the adoption ot a uniform Fede ral aim Stale roll in Victoria. Action hm been taken following an interview between the Premier of Victoria and the Premier ot South Amtraba. A joint system of rolls was .in operation -ui. the last genej-al elec tions in South Australia, and during a recent- visit to Melbourne Mr.- Harwell in formed Mr.. Ixiwson that the roll had proved the brat m the lustoiy of the Slate. Uio differences m franchise hctivcn the federal and State systems had been .adequately provided for, and as a remit ihc-ic, had. been efficient operation nf the rolls, while considerable, savings had been effected. Future expenditure on electoral matters would be considerably reduced, T was expected. The btate Cabinet wiil to- d.'i". give further consideration to the details of the lull, which i» being liua'lr drafted. Nothing lias yet been decided in- the Federal Government!, in connection with the. scnca of requsds for assistance pre ferred lnal wdek 'b.v the. graziers ot New South Wales. ;- The Acting l'qime Minister is nrranguig to meet representatives of the associated banks, to discuss this -and other questions, -.but, it. is considered most un likely. that itlie Government-. will play miv part m either the. purchase or the dia- pceal of tho I'tree" wool of .the present and the ensuing clips. . Rofenmg to the r.ppial made by - General hmuts, Prime Minister of South Africa, to the banks of thai country to reraisi from . contracting -credits. too raueh in bhe present cruna, tho Acting Prima' Minister, who. « few da.vs ego heard complaints by graziers that the ijc.il banks were exercising considerable pressure, reiuurked yrutm-dsy thai these were dnya of financial . stringency. It ivati "r.p to" us to meet thein in a spirit of patrfotian and dctermicaiio:. and at Uiu same time with forbearance and generosity. All countries were fenlbig tho ellocto of this stringency, but his view wan that Avs- tialitt'waz feeling i,t irss than almost any comtliy. lm Knew of. Added to Uu> guaeral stringmicj-, there was tho fact that many of "the graziera in one or two of tho States had liad to Buffer Uie effects uf a prolonged dronght. Nevertheless the putition <si the whole was fairly steady and quite amrmj. For tbe ncvcn dajw ended 21st iust. the revenue of the Railiray department amounted to £177,017, as compared with £151,322 for tho corresponding week last year— an increaac of £15, <#5. Passenger receipts were heavier by £15/17 1, and good tnutie revenue by £St9S, although, fids' og into consideration tbe foot that freights were in (Teased by about 18 per cent, ou 1st January last, the volume of good transportation has uuUstautiaJly uimiiiAii'.'d, The principal rcaeon is tlie diminutiou ill the 1921 period of the wheat trafSe. From the, beginning of the current ffnaucial year to 2 1st May tho revenue totalled £8,725,821, or £1,485,5C3 more than that for the corresponding" torn a year earlier. Passen ger reccipla ehenred expansion by £574, C38 and "goods" by £782/114, but revenue from tlie carriage of live stock was lower by £99,193. Commenting on lie euggvstioii made by Atr. Afaesey, Prime (Minister of New 55ea- land, that the Imperial Confeieneeii should he held in tho Dominionf, the Acting Prime Minister stated yesterday that the idea of a IH'riwtcl ir. conference was very alhining to i us, but whether or not it was practicable was another matter Sir .Josiph (Viok add ed that it would be an excellent idea if the conferences could be held occasionally in one of the .Dommioixi! Among other tilings, it would en a hie tho Minister repre senting the Imperial-Government to sec us in bur home "quarters, Tt was a question of meeting the convenience and usefulness at the conference itselr. Certainly the eon- ferenoo had come to stay j already it was numbered among the.x permanent Imperial institutions, though witiro-rt any formal or legal introduction. The periodical meetings of reprewmiatree Ministers of the Imperial and Dominion Goyeruinente were found by experience to be necesisry to meet the needs of a constantly growing and develop ing Empire. ' It is proliablc that in; view of the gravity of flic crime wave spreading over Mel bourne at praje.nl the question of strengthensng tho police force . will be. dealt with by Chbinet to-day. Many wocks have elapsed rince the Qtiei Commissioner or . Police first rccom- m'onded tliai additionaj oonstabtes shomld. be employed in Slelbourne, but an inexplic able delay, in view of the fact that rob beries and burglaries are being committed in the city and suburbs, -has taken place at Ministerial head quarters. The Premier indicated last night, however, that the question would undoubtedly be on t he busi ness list for to-day's Cabinet meeting The Federal Parliamentary royal com mission which is inquiring into the ad ministration of tbe Cockatoo dockyard, will take evidence in Melbourne to-morrow in the Senate club room at Parliament House. Members of the oommission will arrive rn Melbourne to-day from Sydney. They an ticipate conchiding their inqnirics in re gard to the Cockatoo dock before the end of next week, when they wilt present ail interim report to the Government. Subse quently the commission .will return to Syd ney to investigate the affairs of the Garden Island ship yard. Statistics supplied by the State Immi gration Bureau show that 15SC new settlers arrived an Victoria during the five months ending lo-Jay. Of that number LI. -10 were zioDimnted under the 'Imperial' Govcrii- ment's nomination scheme by friends anil relatives already Jiving in the State. The total arrivals from overseas during 1920 were 3000. The figifrcs of arrival were steadily approaching -the pro-war levels, ami tlie success of tho nomination scheme wus reflected in. the ipuriber of nccninntions now being received by the bureau, which averaged about MO a week. Mr. White head added Iliad. it was expected tliat a fair proportion of the 451) diseharged sol di era aind ivar workers who left London by the steamer Eoltaoa on Friday last (as announced ir. cable messages) would l.-e booked for Victoria, and a number would probably courist of women seeking em ployment. as domestic servants after war Keipcriencoi with 'the W.A.A.G.'h and sir.iikir bodies. On SOtir June the 1895 quota of the eili- rtn forrea will have fulfilled its liability to be trained undei' the compulsory service provmons of the Defeitco Act.. Members of tills quota, with cerlzrin exceptions, will be diaaharged from 7t0t.ii June, and their rocotd books xvill he cou.) doted and re turned to them far their retention. The exceptions comprise officers, whose liability continues under special >rovisions; those wlm havo been riassified non-effieiout tor .any one or more years, .and are still liable for additional training; and those who voluntarily cnlidted lmdor special regula tions. Members of the 189:1 quota not pre viously discharged owing to their having been classified non-efficient, and who have ,noiv completed the equivalent additional training required, will also be diseharged on 30th June. Members of the lS9i and 1895 quotas who are exempt under various regulations and have not voluntarily en listed will be- similarly discharged, al though. ithcy may have been previously classified as non-efficient and have not at tended the equivalent, additional training. The 1903 quota is tho next quota of senior cadets lo be aheorbod into the citizen forces. In eonscquenee of an award of tlie Rail ways Classification Board which reduced the hours of duty of various grades of rail way- employes engaged on station duties, it became necessary I o appoint a number of additional portoi-s competent to operate the Moree telegraph. With the object of enabling returned sailors and soldiers to qualify tor these positions the Railway Commihsioners suggested to the Repatria tion department some monltis ago that, the vocational, limning section of that demrt- nient sliould eetabbsh a school of instruc tion ill telegraphy. Tlie proposition ' was Immediately adopted by the repatriation authorities, and as a result of the establish ment,- ''of the school about- TOO .returned sailors and soldiers have -already qualified and been placed in suitable railway posi tions, while there are at present 37 stu- dents undergoing tuition at tlie school- A competent telegraph operator uets as in structor, and- the course of instruction covers -a period of between two and three months. Die results achieved have been entirely satisfactory to both departments, aud the. Rndway Commissioners -have re ceived a communication from the chairman of the Repatriation Commission (Mr. .J". M. feemmens) expressing keen appreciation of the active co-operation and assistance given by the. Railway department. . Grdat- as -was the lame noiuoved bv Ben- digo througu the nlinost fabulous richness of her quartz roofs id t he seventies and on wards, dlie real Eignifica-ncc bf its wonder ful wealth is only now being revealed to the world. At a meeting of the Histonca' Society of .Victoria held at tlie Town Tall last evening those present .were surprised to-bear an assertion bv Mr. G. D. Meudcll — who was lecturing b«i Early Bendigo — that 'Bendigo made Victoria, Vjictoria mode Australia, and Australia made the British Empire. ' Loud kiughter greeted Cue statement, but the speaker was serious ly insistent; . Mr. . Meudell, wlio, bv tiho way; us a native of Bendigo, sought to jnatify. his assertion by declaring That with out Australian gold London would Hbt have become the money centre: of the: world ' Mr.-. Meudell then: want on to describe early . Jlendigo, whore in seventy r years about £80,000,000 of gold was produced.: There was trever. lie said, such a rich- little spot bn ;: tho globe us the "Victorian : country ' town In , 1851 tbore wvre only eix per sona iu Bendigo, but by tlie end of 1862 the population was rati mated at 30,000. Gonditions there were foul and disgitsting, and water iraz very difficult to procure, footpads, surrotors aud thiovca equalled the' number <:f ik-osnl uitiznns; it was a uaso of fifty- fifty I The only oompftnretion was that gold war found in great, quantities, and was obtained ivithout a greet deal of v-nrk, the precious metal being iu many inrtoneca lites-ally pitkrd up in riiu streets. From ira Instnrlo ixibit of view, Ifel- bourai/e ahipphig this week oiiould be of iinuscal interest. In port ut vYilliaraxLoivn at the prismr.t time la tlw steamer \V"o/.-iit,icle, formadj- tlie German raider Wolf, wnieh in -the days- of wai- ot a rouse "of anxiety to rrrlatrvi:.-, and friends of many Anstixi- liaa Boldrire, eo weil as to the soldiers tbemrelvaii while they twere being tiaais- pbried to and flora the battle fields of Europe- ''Dxlay another former enemy ship is to bsi-ih at WiHianiotown for the ppr- poas of loading wool -for European porta, 'lid a Li the Waith.im Abbey,' of the Hol- )ind-Auetra!i»n line; Sbe was once the German finer Memphis, which figured pro minently ya enemy . operatioaa,- first as a supply ship with Admiral von Spee's squadron, which attacked the British fleet, and later in the coal supply service, at tached to tbe German Pacific Soet, until elm was captured off tiie South American coast. Another vessel, with a more peace able hwtory, which is due in Melbourne on Thar-day, -is tlie Danish motor ship An na m. She was the firat. motor ship seem in Ausixaduu waters, when she visited three shorn: in Dcffisnher, 1914. Now sho is on her oecond voyage to 'Australia, 'and' she can-itn a valuable cargo of paper and 3m>er.ii merchandise, 7 utercsting anoeidotee relating to the more or less lighter aide of a soldier's life were related by Madame Strathairn at a eoncaa. held in tlie Wcskiy Church l.wk night, Madame Stralhalre is touring Ans- tealia in aid of the poor of the West End of ljomion. During tho war she was at tached to the YJlXhAu ami did much to brighten the soldiers' spare moments with hor songs. While giving an afternoon's entertainment at a YALC-A. hut m Eng land she was so besieged with ondares and requests for special favorites tliat site sang from 2 (Aileek till 8 o'eloel: without "even a cup of tea." At. the close of that enter- \- lair men r., Miirfeme Strutiiarrn waa asked if she would mind siugtog to one or two men mdwwi facial disfigurement prevented thcon from appearing ill public, and <he gladly cansvntnd to iom. Rcventy-one of these men. were than brought along. Some were bandaged so much as to be unrecognisable aud one unfortunate boy was so swathed in white that only two holes for hill eyes and a bole lor hio nose were visible. His particular request was "Homr, Swecs. Home," and "Madame Strathairn raid it was the greatest ordeal of her life -to ren der the old tune to this lad sitting by the piano. His face had been operated on 29 times, and the medical men were attempt ing to bmld it -up in the likeness of his photo. By reason of the persistent flow of synco pated noises which come to this country year in and year out, Australians have eomo to know the geography of the United Statei fairly well, for every second song re lates to a "dear old home" by the Mi=t-:is- sipi, or at Dixie, at Alulia-na, or some other sentimental spot. It therefore eaine us a shock to visitore at the City Court yistor1- day to hoar a detective asserting that Cal cutta was in America. ' Who ever heard 'U Uaicutta bomg meiiticned in n rag-time S'lug ? Tlie incident ; rose out cf a eliatg-J of tmlawfril possassiou of fur coats and rugs against a Swnnston- slreet 'furrier. Tho de fective had stated that the furrier.' told him tlie rug-s' were obtained iu Calcutta, iind later on he mentioned America as their place of crigiii. Mr. E. N. Moore, P.M., precipitated matters by saying, "You said lie got them from a man in America; did you' mean Calcntta ?" "Wall," said the uitiiesf, "Unit would be part of America." 