UNITED KINGDOM AND FOREIGN. Deserters from the Bolshevik array in Georgia are looting Bam, on the Caspian Sea. r The Swiss and Norwegian Labour Parties, have repudiated the Moscow , In ternationale. The world's largest steamer, the Von. Tirpitz, will bo surrendered to the Allies on 18th January. Senator. Phelan has introduced a re&o; lutioa in the Senate empowering the Pre sident to place an embargo on the ex portation of oil to any country. Tho elections (or the Siberian Consti tutional Convention have resulted in the Communist and non-Commumst parties e^ch securing 22 seats. A steamship service between Vancouver and Indian ports is being established by the Canadian Government and thq s teamen Canadian Inventor willvsail (or Calcutta with a cargo of croosot-ed timber. Herr Hugo. Stlnnes, who has 'extensive interests In German newspapers and Indus tries, has acquired extensive forest areas on tho, Baltic coast for wood pulp for his 60 newspapers. The Soviet army on the Esthonian frontier has been withdrawn to tho interior of Russia, in consequence of the mutinous ; spirit shown by the men. The Washington correspondent of +he •'New York Times" states that General Oi, who is in command of. the Japanese troops in Siberia, has informed all poli tical groups, including the Chua and Vladivostock Governments, thhb be cannot permit any Communist rule in tta regions now occupied by the Japanese. The Easfern and Australian Steam ship Company has purchased the ex German steamer Swakopmund, 5,631 tons. The woollen cloth manufacturers are reducing their* prices by 2s. per yard, and are asking the merchants to pass the reduction on to the retailors. j The condition of the ex-Kaiserin Is critcial* and • the- ex-Kaiser never Jeaves her bedside. Tho ex-Crown Prince has arrived. A White Paper shows that the British national deadweight debt is now £7,831,000,000, as compared with £7,431,000,000 last year, and £651,000,000 in 1915. It is reported that M. Lenin, the Russian Bolshevik leader, is suffering from complete nervous breakdown, the result of an attempt which recently was made on his life. It is .reported from Warsaw that the League or Nations Commission has scot an ultimatum to General Zeligowski of the Polish army, demanding that he shall evacuate Vilna. German Communist demonstrators attempted to traverse a police cordon, in order to reach the Reichstag, and were fired on by the police, many of them being wounded. . The American Farm Bureau Federa tion has announced that farmers will fus nish any amount of com which can be used by the relief committees in the alle viation of the Chinese famine.. . Several thousands of workmen employed at the big steel works at Dowlais, in Glamorganshire, South 'Wales, have re ceived four weeks' notice owing to the lack of orders. . A train, carrying a quantity of .ben zine between Luga and Novgorod, in Russia, caught fire, and exploded. The wreckage burnt fiercely, killing 68 passengers. According to reports which have been received from Berlin a strike of postal employees,. including telegraph and tele phone operatives, is general in Austria. It is persistently rumoured, that a Soviet Government has been formed at-Vienna. All the Australian Agents-General, except the Acting Agent-General for West Australia , have agreed to co operate, with the Commonwealth Gov ernment in the matter of immigration to Australia. News received through Persia is to the effect that there is great -■ anti- Bolshevik propaganda throughout Russia. The authorities have been compelled "to reopen 'the churches, and sen ices are being held In spite, of persecution. . Congress has -passed a joint resolution reducing the standing army to 175,000 men, after the 'Senate had reconsidered its recent action In limiting the force to 150,000 men. It is uncertain whether President Wilson will sign the enactment. Lieutenant Lansdou, of the America® cruiser Albany, wax shot dead by a Japanese sentinel at Vladivostok yester day. The reason is not known. The Japanese Consul-General has expressed re gret to the American Ccosul. The Venezelist organ, "Pafcris," has announced that M. Venizelos, the ex Prime Minister,- has definitely abandoned Greek politics whilst (King Constantino is on the throne. King Constantine,. therefore, can abandon hope ot inrlunag 2tL Venizelog to retyrn. The Prince of "Wales has consented to the publication of an authoritative and illustrated record of-his Canadian and. Australasian tour, to be sold ex clusively In the interest^ of the blind ex-service men In St. Duns tan's Insti tute; London. The prince of Wale* on Jaj£.J8-a>ddrcfcsed. meeting at Brury Lane Theatre, which enthusiastically ' launched the Warriors' Day scheme, by' which every entertain: ment house in the Kingdom will give a matinee in aid of Lord Haig's fund for unemployed ex-service men on 31st March. The appeal lodged bv Lieutenant- ; Colonel Gecil L'Estrange M&lone;, M.P., ' aejiinst his sentence of six .months* imprisonment in the second division for having mads a seditious speech in the Albert Hal!, London, in November last, has been dismissed, with costs. ' The Prince of Wales has made an appeal , to the Empire to subscribe £200,000 in I order to place the Boy Scouts' Assocla-1 tlon on a sound financial basis. During I his tours of Australasia and Canada the Prince was impressed by the strength of the movement. Donations should be sent to St. James's Palace. *Tbe Danish Profiteering Committee has decided- that the Danish chocolate factories should collectively be fined 1,000,000 kronera (about £50,000), for charging excessive price for chocolates. The "factories have agreed to pay the fine to avert prosecution. A number of deputies have given notice of resolutions to be moved in i;he Chamber o£ Deputies, providing that all foreigners shall be expelled from Franca next year if - they are unable to prove definite means of sub sistence, and for heavy taxation on wealthy foreign residents. The official receiver has announced the early payment) of a dividend of 2s. in the £ in respect) to deposltn on current account in Farrow's Dank, -which, re cently failed, thw uiyments, • totalling nearly £4,000,000. Probably the assets ultimately will yield another dividend of about Is. in the £. The Government of Austria, having exhausted' its funds, has determined to resign on the 15th January, and to hand over the .control of the country to the Repatriation Commission, in the hope that'the Allies thus will be compelled to give Austria essential financial support. •The Greek Legation states that Greek forces have resumed the offen sive against the Turkish Nationalists in Asia Minor, and have occupied Karkeui, on the Bagdad railway. The enemy retired in confusion, and ISO were taken prisoners. It is under stood that'King Constantino wID go to the. front immediately. Immediately followiag the action cltbd Senate in. llmitirs the United States' standing army • to 150,udO men. Senator Harding, the President-elect, announced . that be was opposed to compulsory mili tary training, but that the new admlnis- . tTation would at an.early date establish a comprehensive system for the volun tary training of 100,000 men yearly It is announced officially that the Gov ernment of India,is imposing further re strictions on the export of coal, the labour troubles and a deficiency of rail way wagons having caused a shortage. No bunker coal will be sent t<) Aden alter the end of January, or to Colombo alter the end of March.. In the fighting in Asia Minor, the Greeks captured Bosujuk, after con siderable resistance, the enemy having - concentrated there for the defence of Eski-shehr. The enemy has now re treated to Eski-shehr. In the fight .the Kemallsts sustained heavy losses, and the Greeks bad 40 killed and 160 wounded. The Bradford City Council has de cided by 58 votes to 17, to confer the freedom of the city on Field-Marshal Earl "Haig. The Labour members opposed the motion on the ground that this was the wrong moment to honour militarism. The council also decided to confer a' similar honour on a repre sentative of the rank and file. The Vienna correspondent* of the "Dally, Chronicle" reports that 36.000 Austrian children were sent abroad in 1010 to be nourished. In 1020 the number increased to 124,000, Switzerland is taking 34,000 of the children, Holland 28,000, Germany. 16,000, Denmark 13,000, England l.OOlfc whilst Sweden, Italy, Norway, and other European countries arc also paxtlci-' pating in the care of the children. The Berlin correspondent of "FoliJ tlken" states that owing to the .growing excitement in the Upper SUesian plebiscite district, where rob beries and murders are increasing, tho German Government has sent a note to the Allied Ambassadors' Council* demanding that the Inter-allied Com mission take more stringent action against crimes and exercise a sharper control in the plebiscite area. The Berlin correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" states • that 28 ocean-going steamers are being con structed at Hamburg, and 14 more have , been ordered. . Of the total 28 are be-' tween 5,000 and 10,000 tons, 6 are for the .Hamburg-America nne, and 9 for the German^Australian line. Th* chairthan of the Hamburg-America . line declared that he was looking to the future with great confidence. The Shan^ai ''correspondent! ' of ' the "Chicago Triuuoe" states that, according to n report received from Peking, a syn dicate of Chinese bankers has granted a loan of 6,000.000 dollars (1,200,000), ah 8 per cent, to the Chinese Government ' for the extention of raiiwgvs on the security of the revenue .from tho Pekin Haukow railway. The expenditure of the money- and the supply of e-juipmen* will bo under the supervision of tho - bankers. Governor OHcott of Oregon, in a) message to the State Legislature, urges - that proper legislation should be em^ ployed, to curb the growth cf the Jap-< .anese colony in Oregon, "The Jap anese are a highly cultured race," ho says, "but we cahriot assimilate them, and they cannot assimilate us. I would, live in peace, amity, and concord with ; them, but it would be a peace, amity, and concord which extended the hand - of friendship across the sea" The British peace mission which is now at Kabul has been received by the Amir of Afghanistan with a great deal of courtesy and cordiality. Dis cussions regarding the treaty in, view* between the Government of India arid • Afghanistan have already been entered - upon, and show much promise of favourable Issue. The Bolshevikdelo-V; gates are in disfavour. A small set of' wireless apparatus has been taken by the mission to -Afghanistan, and the British' delfegatfeh arb n'dw In"wirel£sa communication with Peshawar. 