NEWS IN BRIEF. The King has approved of the Australian Air Force being' granted, the designation ^ of Royal Australian Air Force. New regulations -which lay drastic re strictions on the importation of seditious literature of any kind will- take effect im mediately. The Federal Minister for Works says, that Sydney unemployed cannot be put on at the Federal capital works at Can berra, as sufficient labour is already there. A deputation of unemployed told the French Consul-General that they wanted WJ gO tU X' lailUt:, ilfc LIICIC ntia xi\/ « vja iv *?** Australia. M. Campana advised them not to go. Mr. M'Girr repeats his intention of in troducing legislation empowering hospital committees to compel employers and em ployees to contribute to the upkeep of hos pitals. The question of timber duties was dis cussed in the House of Representatives. Tasmanian members, in asking for protec tion, drew a dismal picture of the indus try in their State. In the claim- for £2000 compensation by Bertha. Redfern from Philip Moses, den tist, in respect of alleged negligence in the treatment of her teeth the jury awarded Mrs. Redfern £100 damages. George Collier Blunt, formerly mspec tor of soldier settlements in the western district, appeared at the Central Court charged with having embezzled £20. Ac cused was ? committed for trial. A deputation from the Australia League urged the Acting Prime Minister that Fede ral members should voluntarily reduce their salaries. Sir Joseph Cook did not hold out hope of their doing .so. Officers of the Navigation Department express surprise at the report that two large inter-State shipping companies cdn template reduced services oAving to condi tions imposed by t'he Navigation Act. The A.W.TJ. officially stated that Queens land shearing rates are to be paid in New South Wales during t'he forthcoming sea son. The rates are £2 per 100 for shearing, and £4/10/ per_ 44-hour week for shed la bour. Mr. John Nettleton, a Sydney business man, fell 70ft. from a bri'dge at his ware* house and was killed instantly. Mr. Nettleton was the head of the firm bearing his name and traded as furniture ware housemen. ?Mr. Dooley, replying to Mr. Watt, de clares that the 'best way to encourage immigration is.to arrange to absorb immi grants by making available good land and providing work in the development of se condary industries. An armed and masked man held up the officials of the Bank of New South Wales at Isisford, in Western Queensland at the revolver point, and got away_ with a small amount of money. The police, who were quickly at work, made an arrest. A mass meeting of members of the A.R.TJ. unanimously resolved to .endorse the action of the executive in expelling Mr. Buckley, M.L.A. The latter declares that the .meeting broke up in disorder, and chat 100 ..members followed Ihim-- from the room. . ... A stable boy, Harry 'Decamp, 16, was killed on the Newcastle racecourse while riding Me Dad. . He collided with another ? -horse- piloted by jockey Bradford. De camp received internal injuries, and died shortly.' afterwards. Bradford escaped with a few bruises. ? . Frank Hoysted, 3 years of age, a son of Mr. B. Hoysted, a horse trainer, of Wan garatta, was severely scalded about the body and arms through a kettle of boiling water falling over. him. The boy was admitted to the d'strict hospital, -where he died' from injuries and shock. . ? ?Great activity is being shown in sap phire, and diamond mining at Inverell. Mr. Dickens, representative of a- Victorian syndicate, has just concluded a three weeks' investigation. He returned after first lodging an application for an exten sive area of mineral lease. Prospecting .at Broula, near Young, a party recently struck a reef that went_ an ounce to the ton^ Several other- claims have been pegged out in, the' same locality. Broula has .been known to be ricSh in mine ral ? ore,' but prospecting has been handi capped by the cost of. treatment. ? , A record '? crop of strawberries is now coining in. Already, for the first time in* Queensland, strawberries are being offered in the streets at Sd. and 7d. per 'box of excellent fruit. Also for the first timo they are being delivered from house to house in the suburbs for a trifling advance on those prices. ? . A Newcastle deputation urged the Act ing Chief 'Secretary to extend the State butchering business to Newcastle. Mr. . Kavamgh replied that there was no like lihood at present of t'10- Government ex tending operations in this direction. He added, for the present the idea was only on an experimental basis. During his visit to Australia arrangfi ments were made with General Paii by the school children of Meeniytm, Gippsland, to send an Australian flag to Allones, in the Sarthe district, whoso children would send the tri-eolour of France to Meeiiiyan. The French flap; has boon received at Mecniyan, where it is a treasured poisegsion, A special tribunal under the chairman ship of Mr. Hibble began an inquiry into the wages and conditions of engineers en gaged in the coal industry. The wages claimed are :— Draftsmen, £8/10/ per week, ; pattern makers, £7/19/; coppersmiths, £7 16/ ; electricians, £7/14/ ; blacksmith; £7 13/; others, £7/10/; tradesmen's assistants, £7/6/. A public meeting at Bathurst decided to erect a soldiers' memorial on King's Parade .at a cost of £5000. It is intended that the. memorial shall be a classic and in keeping with the .beauty of the parade. Prizes of £100 and £25 are being oifered for the best designs, and a. committee of experts has been appointed to select the design^ The A.L.P. conference at Melbourne car ried a resolution: 'That this conference adopts the finding of the Federal Basic Wage Commission in its entirety, and calls. upon vhe Prime .Minister, the Com monwealth Government, and . the State Governments of Australia, to give all work ers the benefits cf the wage prescribed by the Commonwealth. At the annual' meeting of tie Hay Li censing Court applications for renewal of' tlhe licences of two of the oldest hotels in this town — Bridge Hotel and the Criterion Hotel — were refused. In each case the rea son for refusal was that the licensing in spector had reported that the building was not in a fit state as to repair to conform with the requirements of the act. The inquiry before Mr. Justice Beeby in the Prevention of Profiteering Court into the fares charged .by Sydney Ferries Ltd. lias been concluded. ? The auditor for the company said the profit for the first half year would be only £17^0 as against £34.000 for the first half of last year. The latter figure was due to the visit of the Prince of Wales. His Honor reserved his decision. . The ? Queensland DenutyPostmaster Gerieral has received a telegram from the postmaster at Warra. on the western line, advising that a whole block of buildings in Mackay-street, w.ns destroyed by fire last' week, including the JMnpire Hall, J. Oonnell, hairdresser, W. Dobbie's resi dence, Bank of New South Wales, R. Fra? ser's auctioneer's rooms, and Dmgwall and Ma'ckay, storekeepers. In view of the empty condition of the Government coffers, and owing to the ne cessity for all Government Departments to be worked as economically as possible be cause of the present financial stringency, Mr. Dooley has been looking into the ac counts of the Police Department, which are overdrawn to the extent of some thou sands of pounds. He has decided to do away with' all special constables. The Sydney police state that apsssen ger who .arrived by the mail steamer from ?Vancouver is a well known international burglar, .who has come to exploit his .pro fession in Sydney. He is in possession of a choice' collection of jemmies, keys, saws, etc., but unfortunately the cable announc ing that lie was on board the vessel did not reach the authorities until after he had stepped a shore and got clean away. Senator Pearce, Minister for Defence, announced that the King had approved of: the Australian Air Force being granted the designation of Royal Australian Air Force. Tliis brings the Australian military 'avia tion service into line with -ihe -British ser vice, which bears the official designation of Royal Air Force, .and is regarded as a re cognition by the Imperial authorities of the services of the Australian Flying Corps in the war. ? -^ When Reginald Smith wag proceeded against by the Railway Department for riotous behaviour at the Woy Woy railway station evidence was given that the de fendant was in the waiting-room knocking Ms wife about. When a railway official requested him to desist his wife remarked, 'I am his wife, I belong to him; surely he can do what he'likes to me without your interference.' , The magistrate imposed a nominal fine.- ! ? .- ? i The Colonial Secretary states that 1913 immigrants have arrived under State au spices since January. Of these 1447 were ex-Imperial Service men and women, 241 were nominated by relatives in the State and 214 were State assisted passengers. Only 35 had proved unsatisfactory, owing to war disabilities precluding them from farm work. Nine were granted permission to break their three years' contract and leave t'he State. The -Minister for Education speaking at the Canterbury High School, said the lack of interest taken by parents in educating children was disheartening. Parents, he said1, did not back up the department in enabling the children to become thorough' ly equipped as citizens. Statistics showed that not one-fifth of those who qualified for the High School term completed the term, and this was unfair to both the child and teacher. At a meeting of the Wangaratta Shire Council it was decided that the Depart ment of Public Works should be asked 'to send an enginer to inspect the erosions In the Tarrawingee .sludge channel; near Messrs. Quinn and Nolan's; and in the lower reaches of the channel. At L. H. Murray's the creek water has washed fur ther into h:s property. Permanent works are needed' to save good agricultural land from destruction. A motor car collided with a .tram cars in the New South Head road, at Rose. Bay, with the result that Mrs. Smellie,' of North Sydney ; Mrs. Pond and Mrs. Linton. of Kensington, and Mr. Rodgers, .of the Pier Hotel, Manly, were severely, but-hot fatal ly injtxred. They were taken to .a private hospital in Darlinirlmrst. . The car was driven by Mrs. Pond, and was proceeding toAvards. Watson's Bay, when it struck a tram rounding the corner. - The proposal made by the Mount Mor gan Co. for the reopening of the mitie was submitted to the unions, through tKe Pre mier of Queensland and a preliminary meeting of representatives of t the unions concerned was held. Further considera tion of the 'proposal was postponed pend ing meetings of the varioiis executives. The 'unions 'have been notified that Mr. Bovd, general manager of the company, will be in' Brisbane this week. ?:??., ' The Inverell police received information of the death, at Uunyah station, in the Texas district, of Alice. Gillett, -aged 50. According to the police information, sho said to her husband, 'I am very jealous of you.' She then tore some phbtgraphs of herself and her husband. She then said: 'Look nfter the children. In half an hour yon will be free.' Later she was iounu dead. According to medical opinion dcaui was due to strychnine poisoning. ' , Speaking on the subject of the disposal ~ ' - , by soldiers of war service homes without referring the matter to the Commissioner, ? ^, Mr. Rodgers (Assistant Minister for Re- ^ - p.atriation) said -that such action was ~ , against the spirit and 'letter of the - act Apuroval would not be given to sales made ,-- by soldiers to ineligible persons . unless the ' k_ consent in. writing had .been, received pro* . , - viously of the jCommissioner. Strong ac tion would be taken to .prevent such tral'» ' - ficking. A very appreciable fall has occurred in orices for the various classes of timber. Tne Timber Merchants' Association, which regulates prices in Victoria, has been com pelled, on account of shortage of demand, and rapidly-accumulating stocks, to out down prices at least 25 per cent, all round. For some classes of timber the reduction is ag much .as 50 per cent. Weatherboards have already dropped from 25/ to 19/6 » hundred superfeet ; red pine, from 125/ to 100/, and Oregon from 70/ to 40/. A motion agreeing to ' 'take action to pre vent a certain prelate now on his way to Australia from continuing Jris belittlement o fthe British flag and Empire' was car ried at a meeting .of the Australian Impe rial League of Sailors and Soldiers women folk. In supporting the motion the presi dent, Mrs. Woodburn, said that,- as Dr. -'nnnix had refused to sail under the. Bri tish flag, lie should not be permitted to live under it unless he conformed to the laws of the Empire it represented. The N.Z. Government has decided to ap point a wool committee, consisting of two wool growers, representing the North and South Islands, two- wool brokers, one of whom will be the chairman. The duty of t'he committee is to advise the Government as regards the regulation of wool sales. It will act in co-operation with Bawra only in the fixation of the minimum reserves and the limitation of offerings, and will involve no payments towards Bawra 's expenses. The New Zealand growers will retain con« trol in their own affairs. It is reported that negotiations ..have practically been completed between the di rectors of the molybdenite mine at Ever ton, Vic, which has been idle for several weeks, and an American company for the ? purchase by the latter of all the concen trates from this mine for a term of ten years at a satisfactory price, tl is also reported that the American company has . secured an option of purchase at a hand- ? .' some figure for the mine. As soon as cer tain details have been completed work ' ' will be resumed at once. Mr. A. E. Sargent, a returned soldier; has perfected what he claims to be' wine — a patent .medicine and a quick-acting yeast —by a compound from the prickly pear and lantana. Mr. Sargent, who has been experimenting for three or four 'months at Mount Gravatt Soldiers' Settlement, Q., claims that there are no artificial elements 'in his formula, and that its medicinal qualities will be valuable for rheumatism, lumbago and o^ter complaints caused from ' ? uric acid. A sample has been sent to the Government analyst for examination. Speaking at a meeting of the Dairy Managers' Association, Mr. F. Wigan, chief Commonv-enlth .butter, grader, said the lack of iinifcrra' methods and approved systems in all factories was evident in the great irregularity of the quality, texture, colour and .packing of most of~the butter. He thought it would be in the interests of the industry if a national brand could be adopted for all pasteurised Austraiian ex port butter of choicest quality, which he had no doubt would easily realise prices equal to the best New Zealand and Danish butter. ' ? -...''? A flight from Adelaide to Melbourne has ben made in record time by Mr. A. G. Long (pilot) and Mr. H. J. Cato. Mr. . Long claims the distinction of having been the first to fly across Bass Strait. Leaving 'Adelaide at 2.45 p.mv, the aviators, using an 80-horse-power Sopwith Dove machine, arrived at Wolseley (]65 miles) at 4.45 p.m. Resuming the flight next day at 1.15' p.m. , they reached Melbourne at 3.45 p.m. The actual living time was thus four and a 'half hours. The average height of the flight was ^.OOOft. No trouble- was experienced throughout the trip. ' Last week a man named Alexander Scott, who had bsen staying at the Albury Ho tel, Wagga, for a few days, was admit ted to the district hospital in a very seri ous condition. He was operated on for ap pendicitis and died. He was 32 years of age, and was supposed to have been a joc key 'who had come up from Melbourne. This, together with the fact that he had a sister in New Zealand, and that his mo ther's name was Alice Mickle, are the only facts known about 'him. The Wagga police have been making enquiries, but so, far have found no oile who knows him. At the Bathur&t; Police Court Charlie Owen's was charged with knowingly allow ing his premises to be used for opium smoking, and Ah Won with smoking opium. A fine of £10 was inflicted, and time to pay . 'n, disallowed; The second defendant said that 'ho was asleep when the raid was made, and was not aAvare that the other man was smoking opium. Mr. Henlen, i in asking for a dismissal on the ground i that the opium smoking room had been - Bublet, said 'he knew of one place that was i sublet to 20 different Chinamen. The i magistrate convicted and imposed a fine of ' £30. ; Victorian supporters of the Verbrugghen ( ^ orchestra, in their endeavour to form a company with & capital of £9000 of 3000 shares of £3 each, are stressing the inestim able value of the combination as a factor in tlhe sphere of high-class music in Aus tralia. At a meeting the State Governor (the Enrl of Etradbroke) declared it would be -a shame if the orchestra was compelled to disbandon simply through tine want of financial backing. Australia could well be proud of the Verbrugghen orchestra, it was decided to appoint a committee to 'complete arrangements for the formation of the proposed company. Replying to the acting deputy leader of the Opposition (Mr. Charlton) in the House of Representatives, the Acting Prime Minister (Sir Joseph Cook) said that .money was now available for a resumption of work at oCckatoo Island ?dockyard. The Ship building Board of Control Avas at the mo ment in consultation with members of the \- ' Naval Board. The only difficulty that stood \- ' in the way of a resumption of -work was the arranging of the transfer of control, and he thought that a satisfactory conclu sion would be reached. ' He intended to personally consult Mr. Farquhar in con nection with the matter. . ' ' The A'.L.P. conference at Melbourne car ried a motion recording full approval of the principle of self-determination for Ire ? land, and invited the Labour movement, ot Great Britain with a. view of - compelling the British Government to withdraw it9 army of occupation from Ireland to act. through its counsel of action in the 'hands off Ireland' policy, consistent with' the policy it adopted when it issued1 its historic ultimatum to the British Government ?'hands off Russsia.' After a long discus sion the A.L.P. agreed to a scheme put forward for the socialisation of industry being adopted as an objective of the' La- bour party. Official promises have led to the expec tation that the Australian Wheat Board, at its next sitting, would be in a position at last to authorise a final settlement of the earlier wheat pools. Settlement is long overdue, but the expectation is not to !be realised. There is to he further delay, which is officially attributed to delays in New South Wales. A special effort was made to complete the balance-sheets before the end of the present month. All .jbhe other States have now concluded the work and submitted plans for the final payments to the board, but the fact that 'New South Wales is still unready wiil necessitate still further delay. Although the chairman of the Victorian Country Roads Board recently stated tlhat jthe board had practically exhausted its money, it is the intention of the State Go vernment to provide another £500,000 on the' estimates next year. As the board collects approximately £200,000 each year - from motor fees and other taxes, it is not anticipated that it will be faced with -any . big financial difficulties. In his last policy spech the Premier stated that the £500, 000 additional'to the Country Roads Board loan account granted by Parliament was intended to be expended during the next two .years on the completion of links .of existing main roads. With' the fresh financial year looming ahead, and the prospect of same time hav ing a little money, the Government is turning its thoughts again to the city rail way. It is possible that at no very dis tant date open tenders may be called for the work, but it is not thought that such work will give very great relief to the army of unemployed as the amount to be spent on labour for the first year does not exceed £30,000. The Railway Commis sioners will probably make a lecommenda tion as to the urgent necessity for con i structing the -railway as soon as possible in order to solve the acute problem of Syd ney's suburban traffic. Sir James Mitchell, Premier and Trea surer of W.A., has issued a statement ex plaining the deficit for the current finan cial year, which now amounts to £903,634, whereas the estimated deficit for the VI months was £399,413. Tne estimated loss on the railways was £185,000, but wages increases by an arbitration award, amount ing to £310,000, and dearer coal lmd raised the actual loss to £410,000, in addition to which £140,000 was paid on the sinking funds on railway loans. This had ^ in creased the actual railway deficit to £510, 000.| Increases given to civil servants, : teachers, and public works employees by j arbitration awards caused the expenditure under those heads to exceed the estimate by' £130,000. ' ! Protests against the inquisitorial nature of section 5 of the War Precaiitions Repeal Act are still being resceived by the Federal Ministry, tl was stated that the matter is now under consideration by the Attor ney-General's Department. The act makes it obligatory for every agent in Australia of British or foreign firms to furnish a re turn showing the amount of the capital of the company he represents, the names of directors, and a yearly copy of the balance sheet and profit and loss account. The penalty for non-compliance is a fine ot £10, or imprisonment for six months, or both. The 'opposition to this troublesome regulation has not been confined to Eng land, but has extended to' America and other countries! . 'Do you know that iarpaiilins to-day cost £21, whilst before the war they cost only £5?' is a question submitted by the Victorian, Railway Commissioners to the staff in the la^st weekly notice. The message continues : 'The department uses 12,000 tarpaulins, and each should, with reasonable care, last five years. We find, however, that they last; on the average, only three years. This year probably £55,000 will have been spent on repairs and replacements to tarpaulins, but care in use would materially reduce this large amount and if an average life of five years were attained it would mean a saving to the department of £18,000 per annum. Let us aim to reach that average during the coming financial year.' In a statement issued by the Victorian Director of Education (Mr. Tate), it is stated1 that nearly £500,000 had been rais ed by the State schools in the sale of war stamps. ? At the .end of 1918 the Federal Treasury had advanced about £1400 worth of stamps for the creation of war savings groups at State schools. The cost of ob taining the £500,000 had been practically 'nil and the result, he stated, was a high compliment to the teachers who had sup ported 'the movement. The metropolitan schools had raised the greatest individual sums, but many small country schools had raised amounts out of all proportion to their attendances. Following were recent reports reecived by the department : — Denison State School, 20 pupils, £1 ad vanced, .t40O raised ; Welshpool State School, £1 advanced, £868 raised; Bois dale State School, 123 pup'ils,' £3 advanced, £181 raised. A deputation from the Perth Chamber of Commerce presented to the Premier a series of resolutions requesting, inter alia, that- the Government should limit State ownership enterprises to public utilities; ?to abolish prico fixing ; to move for uni form bankruptcy company laws, and to provide that wharf pillaging should be punished by imprisonment'. Mr. Mitchell replied that his Government' had begun no State, trading ^.concerns, and would start none ; but the Government had to do the best possible with the existing ones. He considered that they 'had benefited neither the public nor the -employes. A bill was being drafted to deal with wharf pillaging. Local price fixing had done more good than harm, but the commission would not be kept going longer than was necessary. He agred with the uniformity suggestions which would' be discussed at the next Premiers' Conference. Mr. W. Clark, drover, has landed at Coonamble from Lucknow, near Boulia, in the Gulf country, 8017 wethers out of 'a mob of. 8100 with which he left his start ing point 29 weeks previously. The .mob, which was sold to Kennedy Bros., Nebea South, by Harrison, Jones and Devlin, as agents for the Queensland National Pas toral Company, were in faultless condition. The drover, however, complained that, when crossing at Walgett, from Queens land clean country, he had to contend with Rathurst burr, and-_..also aloug the stock routes to his destination. He says that it is a hard proposition to imposo a 'travelling fee of close to £4 per thousand for droving sheep through a burry coun try, and which filled the wool. Mr. W. Clark returned to Toowoomba with very doubtful opinions about travelling ''facili ties' for northern sheep being brought' into New South Wales. Bernard Ciroy was charged at the.UouI burn Police Court wit/h making statements claiming travelling expenses when in the employ of the military authorities at Goul burn, well knowing that tlie statement was false. This case was one in which the . prosecution arose under the Federal Crimes Act. It was heard before Mr. Arnott, at the police court, but the magistrate dis missed the case, on the grounds that there was no mens rea. On appeal to the High Court by the military authorities, the court held that mens rea 'was not an ingredient of the offence, and sent the matter back to the magistrate. The P.M. said that, in view of the finding of the High Court, Iho : had no option but to find Carey guilty. Carey was fined 2/6 and costs, in default 14 days. The costs were fixed at £9/2/ witnesses expenses, and £3/3/ professional expenses. The P.M. expressed the hope that the department would not press for its costs. ? ! The Federal Minister for Works and Railways (Mr. Groom), questioned in the House of Representatives by .Mr. Marr, re garding reports in Sydney as to the condi tion of the workmen's village at Lithgow, built by t'he Commonwealth for employees at the Small Arms Factory; said that he knew personally that nearly all sites for residences had been carefully selected, and were not4'ow-lying. During March, April, and May there had been phenomenal rains — more than double the average. This, with the failure of the municipal counciHo construct street channels and kerbing as arranged, had caused the roads to be wet.. 'I i-e council had promised to construct cui : verts at road junctions, and t'he Federal Works? and Railways Department was ar ranging to. put in an earth channel, to di vert surface water from the hills ;_also to put in agricultural drains around some. oT the houses. Ho was advised that ether parts of Lithgow had suffered .the colds and influenza equally with the factory vil lage, _- O. C. ? R A YyM O N D, i^enstcd s/uyvyfrn^ ^ndeV^i*ei»l-Propc-rtj^?^ct, \- JUSTICEJS BUILI^^S. DEAN STREET. ANBURY. 'Pliono No. 390. 