Soldiers' Meeting. PROTEST AGAINST POLITICAL INJUSTICE. A representative gathering of return ed soldiers attended the meeting call ed for Saturday mornnig last to con sider political grievances, and to pro test against the unjust treatment that has. o£ late been meted out to re turned soldiers? -. The chair was oc cupied by Mr. R. S. Vincent; and uen eral Cox was present. The chairman, in announcing the objects of the meeting, recapitulated the grievances under which returned men were suffering. He said that when the soldiers left the country, ahd*sdjulst they were on active ser vice, racin1i^flj£. dangers of battle, and experiencing ', the*^horrors and disab ilities of trench life, they were led to believe that a country, overflowing with gratitude, would receive them back with open arms, would see that they received justice and fair play. Soldiers were acclaimed as heroes, and it was said of them that they were vindicating a righteous cause, and fighting to preserve Empire free dom and world civilisation, and that they were therefore entitled to cer tain privileges which would in part compensate them for the sacrifices made, and the trials, dangers, and privations endured, and the opportun ities lost overseas. And it was an undoubted fact that the great maj ority of citizens of this country were then, and still are, loyal, were pre pared to give the soldiers something of a nature that snould prove that the promises made were not hot air, to dissipate so soon as feelings en gendered by the war had had time to cool. He felt that the people of Australia — the real people-j-were still with the soldier, and desired to see justice done to and by him. But unfortunatey, those who would give the soldier a fair go were not in a position to give effect to their good intention, while those who could give him a fair deal did not have the de sire or the will. It was hardly nec essary to deal with past history in regard to Australia's attitude to wards those who stock to' her in the dark days when all was black and unSflEiafinUj^uid when we did not know mon wealth ''Gbv^™^ffln-^i|^nnulated and put into practice a leneme of repatriation under which the return ed man was catered for, under which he could be rehabilitated with emin ent success. That scheme was re garded by all countries as the most perfect of its kind, and the returned men readily admitted that a paternal Federal Government had provided handsomely for them. With a view to rendering me re patriation scheme workable, the co operation of State Governments and local ^repatriation committees . was successfully solicited. The late N.S. Wales Government, apart, from other defects which may have character ised its administration, worked with a commendable earnestness to re pal riate soldiers, and the patriotic gentlemen who formed local commit tees gave freely of time, money and energy in the interests of returned men, with the result that, although there were a few instances of delay and a few hitches, the machinery of repatriation worked with surprising smoothness. The soldiers were sat isfied that the country was standing behind them. But what was the position to-day? It seemed that it was another case where a Pharaoh had arisen who knew not Jacob, — who did not want to know anything about him or his works. It would appear that the pre sent State Government was not inter ested in the soldier, and the tenden cy was to cut the soldier right out, — to make him a political outcast. Why? Apparently because the soldier had offended *yffightin^Eor the Empire, and preserving these^MBres inviolate. In a short year the soldiers had been made to feel that he had nothing to expect from the present Govern ment, except insults and injustice. The Government had proved false to all those promises made on the hust ings, and by acts of omission and commission had embarrassed the sol dier. The speaker said he was not mak ing wild statements, and was in a position to prove any of the charges against the Government, which should be judged on its acts. The first intimation that returned men had received that they *must not expect too much was about three days after Labor had been returned, when an announcement was made that soldiers were not to be given preference at the land ballot box. In structions were issued to the chair man of the Local Land Board and other Land Boards, that all applicants must be given an equal chance. The soldiers regarded this as unfair and unjust. Many had been on - active service for five years; had not had the opportunity of applying for land, while those who were not at the war, had an unbroken opportunity. In this way, the man who would not en list or was .uainedically fit, was be ing given an advantage over the man who fought, — who, after his sacrifices and his lost opportunities, had to stand on the same level at the bal lot-box. The next step which the Minister for Lands took, was to abrogate that clause from the Land Act which gave the soldier the privilege of acquiring a single farm under the provisions of the Closer Settlement Act. This was a big knock to the coastal soldiers. The coast was a closely settled area, and it was but rarely, that a farm that would settle two or more could be found, with the result that, if the soldier in this part wished to pur chase an improved farm under the Closer Settlement Promotion Act, he had to go inland, and commence a branch of farming which he did not understand. The State Government had refused to take war gratuity bonds in part payment of debts contracted in ac quiring farms under the Closer Set tlement Promotion Act. He was not in a position to say whether the mon ey was advanced through the Govern ment Savings Bank by the Federal Government, but perhaps General Cox could tell them. General Cox said he could find out. He had heard the President's com plaints, and wished to say that he sympathised with local soldiers. It was a significant fact that it was only from New South Wales that complaints wers received. The oth er States were carrying on alright, but all over New South Wales the soldiers were dissatisfied with the treatment they were receiving. The Federal Government had advanced more money to New South Wales than any of the other States, and less had been accomplished with it. There seemed to be passive resist ance here to repatriation. An in quiry was being made with a view to locating the cause. The President said that the Gov ernment proposed to take an obnox ious step with regard to the prefer ence of employment act. ' When it became known that the Government proposed to repeal the soldiers' pre ference clause, the soldiers' executive wrote to every M.P. asking him his attitude with regard thereto. Only two Labor Members had replied, — Messrs. Cann and Hickey. Mr. Cann said he was willing to retain the principle for a further period if it could be shown that it would do any good. General Cox said that Mr. Cann was a returned man and used to have the interests of returned men at heart. Surely he could be ex pected to fight for the soldiers? The President said no doubt Mr. Cann once had the interests of sold iers at heart, but since then his heart had slipped. He belonged to a Party which, seemingly, did not al low a man to have a heart or head of his own. Although Mr. Cann had promised to support the retention of the act, after trouble at Broken Hill over the employment of a soldier, he stated in the public press that the obnoxious clause giving soldiers pre ference would be repealed as soon as Parliament reassembled. Soldiers could make up their minds that the Act would go by the board in the very near future. Then there was the State Govern ment's hostility towards a public holiday on Anzac Day. That Day meant much to returned men, their relatives and friends, and the paltry quibbles of the Ministry were an in sult to the memory of those who had laid down their lives, to those who had fought to make Australia a na tion. Over there where the varie gated poppies were just about to burst into bloom, where the white of winter was beginning to merge into and mingle with the green of spring; the land of a thousand memories, most of them sad, lay the bones of 40,000 of their -comrades, — comrades who fought by their side and died for them and theirs, — men who prov ed themselves men when the great est test of all came; men who laid down their lives that the red, white and blue might continue to assure freedom to those who lived under it; men who gave their all that Aus tralia might remain Australia, the home of the free. Over there in Palestine, their bones bleaching on the arid, sands of the desert, lay ten thousand of Australia's loyal sons, whose everlasting sleep repre sented the terrible price we had paid to preserve this land inviolate; whose death was the cost of victory; through whose noble sacrifice we now enjoy freedom and liberty. Among the pock-marked rocks of Gallipoli, among the furze, and along the sea shore,1 slept 8000 Australians,— -the flower of our manhood, tne oravesi of the brave, — whose deeds won the admiration of the world; whose charge up the precipitous sides of the Peninsular had no parallel in the history of warfare; whose achieve ments marked the birth of a nation. Did they forget those who had per ished on the fair fields of France, the arid sands of the desert, or the shores of Gallipoli; did they forget that it was those who died and not the politicians at home, that gave to Australia her nationhood; that Anzac Day marked the birth of a nation? If they did not it behoved them to circumvent those who were out to prevent the due observance of Anzac Day, by arranging a holiday In spite of the paltry opposition of the Gov ernment. Soldiers would be untrue to themselves, and worse still, untrue to their 'comrades overseas, if they did not make some arrangements for fittingly commemorating Anzac Day. After other matters had received at tention, the Chairman said he hoped the meeting would deal with all ques tions at issue. Mr. Macrae, in supporting the re marks of the Chairman, said that the Federal Government was with the returned soldiers, but the trouble was that so much v ork had to be done through the State Government which was distinctly hostile to returned men. He proposed to move a reso lution which aimed at giving support to the candidature of those men for Parliament who would give soldiers a fair go. It was not suggested that there should be the formation of a political party, nor was it suggested that the soldiers should ally them selves with any political party, but that they should support tried and proved men of any political creed. It was apparent to the soldiers from what source tha opposition to them was coming, — that element was out to place the soldier in the back ground. It was only during the last year that soldiers had* found serious cause fcr complaint, and the Government was at the bottom of all the trouble. He had pleasure in moving that this meeting of return ed soldiers, while affirming the prin ciple that the soldiers' organisation should not become a political parti zan body, registers its opinion that the state juxecutive suouiu, uy yiu paganda, encourage soldiers through out the country to consolidate forces with a view to giving political sup port to only tried and proved candid ates for Parliament who are prepared to mete out justice to returned men, and fight for the redemption of all public promises made to soldiers dur ing and since the war. And (2) that this resolution be communicated to State headquarters. Mr. Macrae said he thought the proposition covered the ground so far as giving a clear definition of the soldiers' political attitude was con-, cerned. It did not bind the sold iers to support any Party, but only men who could be relied upon to give the soldiers a fair go. Mr. Parbury, who seconded the re solution, said it was only necessary to look back to that point where the dissatisfaction commenced to know who was responsible. It was only necessary to follow the Party in power a little way, to -locate the cause of all the trouble. Reference had been made to Mr. Cann, and it had been said that he should be with the soldiers. Mr. Cann was sin cere at*to$art, perhaps; but he be longed to a ' rabrty which did not give the individual the right to hold an opinion of his own. Mr. Cann knew if he went in opposition to the Labor Council, he was done politically. It was the element that had Parliament under its thumb that had caused the dissatisfactiOffij4g^The Labor mem bers did not haW*P*wiU of their own. — they .were not free agents. So far as returned soldiers were con cerned, their only hope of remedying their grievance? was at the ballot box. They could do it there, and they should. do it there. Personally, he thought that the soldiers had been altogether too apathetic, — that many of the grievances under which they suffered were brought about through the apathy shown at last election. Soldiers had been sitting down and taking their milk like calves. If soldiers were to organise and show their Kapd, then the Labor Party would w^histl&ja; different tune. The Party was able to call its own tune now, simply because the forces of the soldiers were scattered. They should be consolidated, and their power should bo made to be felLIt was only in New South Wales ^^jct the soldier was receiving a rotten spin; he was being treated alright in the other States. The section * that had power was a small minor- ? ity, and a certainty should be made of stamping it out when the chance came. The motion was carried un animously. Mr. Harvey moved that the busi ness people of this centre be ap proached by the returned soldiers, and asked to close their premises from 12.30 p.m. on Anzac Day, April 25th. Also that protests be sent through Messrs. Price and Hill ag ainst the cold and unsympathetic at titude adopted by the State Minis try towards the desire of soldiers that the 25th should be proclaimed a State public holiday. Mr. Harvey said it seemed that the soldiers could not get the State Ministry to meet them, so the next best thing to do was to get the businessmen to close their premises on the 25th in spite of the opposition of the Cabinet. He notic ed where the master* retailers had recommended that places of business ^t be closed on the 25th, so that the soldiers and their friends would still be able to commemorate Anzac Day fittingly. He regarded the Cabinet's attitude towards Anzac Day as pal try. Mr. Walsh seconded the motion which was carried unanimously. Mr. Macguire said that when* he enlisted he thought that the man who came back last would be on the same footing with regard to land as the man who came back first. He had found out to nds^ sorrow that such was not the case. Some 18 months ago he applied for one of the blackberry infested areas, which the Department of Lands proposed to make available. After a few months, his application had been referred back, and he was informed that the reserves were for returned soldiers only. Having satisfied- the Depart ment that he was a returned soldier, he forwarded his application on again and it was 12 months after his orig inal application was lodged that he was informed that he could not have the block. He understood that the intention now was to make the area available in several blocks for all comers. He thought he had been most unfairly treated. About six. . months ago he applied for assistance having leased an area of land. His application had just been referred back, informing him that the lease was not in order. It was wrong that such long delays should be al lowed to occur, and he agreed that the returned men should take steps to bring about an alteration to the present system. He had pleasure in moving That this meeting resolves to send a strong appeal and protest against the proposed repeal of the Soldiers' Preference of Employment Act; against the elimination of pre ference to soldiers at the land ballot box; and against other acts of omis sion and commission by the Cabinet, whereby soldiers have been and are being seriously handicapped and em barrassed. Mr. Sinclair seconded the motion which was carried unanimously. Mr. Vincent moved: — 'That this meeting of soldiers af- ' firms its loyalty to the Empire; its readiness at all times to defend the Empire and its institutions; and to uphold its traditions. 'That returned soldiers here as sembled deprecate disloyal utter ances calculated to cause disaffection and sow the seeds of disruption; and are of the opinion that more string ent measures should be taken by the proper authorities with a view to stamping out disloyalty. 'That the soldiers, recognising that Australia can only be defended and preserved inviolate by peopling the wide empty spaces, warmly ap prove the immigration proposals of the Federal Government, and hope that such proposals /will be placed upon a workable and concrete basis by the Right Hon. W. M. Hughes when he visits London, so that the '1 influx of desirable immigrants may shortly begin. 'That theS ..soldiers record their deep appreciation of the work of the Prime Minister and his Government for them and their relatives, and re turn their thanks for the Ministry's due recognition of Anzac Day. 'That the foregoing be forwarded to the Prime Minister through Sen ator (General) Cox.' The mover said he felt sure that .the sentiments expressed- met with the warm approval of all present. The majority of soldiers had no time for the disloyalists or their ut terances, and they had no time for those who were working against im migration. Whilst overseas, A.I.F. men saw that Australa's great need was population; and population we must have if we really intended to keep Australia. Envious eyes were east upon us from the North ; and if we could not develop Australia and peo ple it. then some other nation would do it for us. It was unthinkable that 5,000,000 could develop the re sources of this country, — the richest in the world. It would have been taken from us years ago, but for the fact that we were a part of the British Empire. The mere know ledge that AustraHa was part of the Empire was sufficient to keep foreign hands off. We hadn't held out land by force of arms, but simply be cause we were under the protection of the Union Jack,— the flag that had served out forefathers for cen turies, and whicji we hoped would en dure for all time. The link between us and the Empire must be preserv ed, and strengthened, and whilst there was peace and prosperity we must solve the problem of settling the wide empty spaces, which were so attractive to the hordes of Asia. -i General Cox said the meeting could ' take it from him that the Common wealth Government intended to peo ple Australia. We had to people it, in the first place, to keep it, and in the second to develop it. A com missioner had been appointed, and; Mr. Hughes would attend to other , details during his stay in England. It was ridiculous to say that Australia was already sufficiently populated; and those men who said that we had more people than we could do with were the greatest enemies that the Commonwealth had. As the Presid ent had said, if we did not populate Australia some other nation would; — and if we did not develop it, then an-^^ other nation would have the right to^^ take a hand in doing what we could not manage. Australia was the fin est country on the face of the globe, — and she was in the Pacific, which was to . be the storm centre of the future. It was an imperative neces sity that we should be in a position to defend oursplves when the occas ion arose. Ha hoped it never would but that, of course, depended upon ourselves. He had heard men say that Australia would be able to de fend herself at the presnet time. Such men must be fools. We could not hold Australia ten. minutes with out the Empire behind us. He was g*3^jj-.that *he soldiers visualised the reai-.^position. He could see that the lessons of the late war had not been lost, upcn them. The soldiers were prepared to defend the Empire anywhere. That was the spirit. , There were some who said that they 'would fight for the enemy when he came here. Fancy bringing a man here before fighting him! Those men were going to invite their en emy into their front parlor to smash things about. Personally he would rather fight the enemy in his own house and do the smashing about there. We had never had bloodshed in this fair land;— and we never wanted it. I£ we became involved - in war, our best plan was to carry the fight into the other man's coun try, not wait for him to come to this. Look at the state in which the Ger mans had left France. Such a sorry spectacle should convince all Austra lians of the wisdom of fighting out side of Australia if we were called upon to fight. Mr. Parbury, who seconded the motion, said he could not under stand those who lived within the Em pire and yet wr.re disloyal. Person ally, he thought that they could not be deep- thinkers. They were actu ated by bias. To give those present an idea of the light in which Eng land, the centre of the Empire, was regarded by neutrals in the late war, he would just briefly relate what he had experienced in Denmark.' After the armistice he visited Denmark. The leading lights there were the great champions, of England. They looked upon her as a sort of mother, and had a great longing to be of the same nationality. It was lovely to hear the Danish people speak of Eng land in terms of affection. They re garded her ko a model, and the cham pion of small nations. It was hard I to understand,, therefore, 'how there could be opposition to England with in the Empire. vHis experiences in Denmark bucked him up, and made him prouder than ever of being of British stock. He felt that the sacrifices made by Australian sold iers for the Empire had not been in vain. He agreed that there should be a vigorous immigration policy. We must people Australia. If we intended to hold it, we must show that we were capable of doing so. It was a wonderful country, arid it was a land of unlimited possibilities. It could take millions of people and set tle them; and the more population there was, the more prosperity there would be. He hoped the Prime Min ister would make all the arrange ments for a flow of the right type of \- immigrant. The motion was put to the meeting and carried unanimously. General Cox was thanked for his attendance. The General was as sured that the soldiers and the peo ple of this district appreciated his interest and his acceptance of the invitation to visit here. « General Cox. in reply, said he ap pieciated the soldiers' thanks. He had had a very happy time here so far, and he thought he would be able to look back upon his visit with the greatest of pleasure. He would just like to say to the soldiers -that he sympathised with them in the matter -of their grievances. He knew that they had grievances— that those grievances were real and not imaginary. Soldiers all over. New South Wales had grievances. The Commonwealth Government was con tinually receiving complaints, so that the case of Dorrigo was not an isolated one. In this State there appeared to be passive resistance on the part of some body to the efforts of the Commonwealth Government to assist and help soldiers, and it was a strange thing, tut the resistance had only quite recently been noticed. The Commonwealth Government was trying to find out what and where the trouble was. It would find out, but not for some time, as it always took longer to locate passive resist ance than active open resistance. In the Federal Parliament there were twenty-two returned soldiers on the side of the Government where the soldier was concerned. The return ed men in the House were watching the interests of the returned men generally. The Federal Government, and all thinking men realised that if the Australians had not gone away to fight, this country would not have remained in our possession. There were many, he knew, who poohpooh ed the idea of Australia passing un der the foreign yoke; but had the Australians not taken their part in the war it would have done so. The speaker said that Australians should not sleep on their laurels. The world was not at peace yet. It was still in a disturbed state. There was an air of uncertainty, and a little cross-firing at the next conference might culminate in anything. We had to keep our eyes open and watch things. Australia was a land worth possessing — it was regarded as a great prize,— which it really was. We should be prepared to keep it. In conclusion. General Cox paid a tribute to the Prime Minister. He said that Mr. Hughes was the sold iers' friend. He always fought for the soldier, and 'always would. The Prime Minister was one whom the soldiers could trust for he would see that they got a fair deal. Both pri vately and publicly, Mr. Hughes al ways defended or championed the cause of the soldier, and he always would. i Incidentally, General Cox mention ed that this State had had more money for repatriation purposes from the Federal Government than any other, and had done less with it. Victoria was doing twice as much. It -.'' seemed to him that something was wrong somewhere, — just where re mained to be discovered. This concluded the business and the meeting closed. A practice match between the Soldiers and Dorrigo Football Clubs will be played en the local recreation ground on Saturday afternoon next. The Guyra mystery still remains unsolved. Rapping and stone throw ing continue, and the police and others who are investigating are at a loss to understand the cause. One night last week six panes of glass were broken and the hinges of a £ ^door of the house wrenched. %fl| Colonel Birkenshaw, one of the jalvation Army's pioneers in Austra lia, will visit Dorrigo on Thursday and Friday to conduct -a specal Salvation and Holiness campaign, in the local Salvation Army Hail at 7.30 p.m. each evening. The Colonel is one of Australia's 'spiritual spec ials' and Dorrigo is a favored com munity in receiving a visit from this man of God. We urge sincerely that evary person possible will attend both nights; all are invited to share in this wonderful occasion of a spir itual 'high- aide.' 