Cfre ^Brisbane Courier. I »tb YEAB OF POBLICATIOM. I TUESDAY, JANUARY l8, 1921. Queensland. Wenthoi forecast for the metropolitan aita for to-day -Geneially fire and coe«, Lui cloudy at t raes, and, pei hups, a pass in0 allouer or tu o Light to moderate eaitorly -wind Tho ma.\imum tempera lure in Brisbane jeiierday was 78 ádeg , minimum, C5deg Forecast for Queensland for the 21 hours ending noan tooday -Still cloudy and uri teltled ?» rth furthei general nun ejst from the line Norminton und Goontawrnui, anl in fie Noith thunderstorm'- fine or im ipiovnig nest from thal line South casterb windi on the coast, squall} south ircm iounsvdJc. SI In Is E inland riirlher 1 navy ram haa falle i in parts of Northern aud Oenftral QueenslanJ An impieaSicm prevails that the atnie of mai me stewards will lie eetlled very shortly-possibly this week The Commi'sioiei of Police na' advised jeeterday that the body of Walter Laid)«, .rged l8 itara, vvlio ins lost ft oin a drover»' wrap on Tantar station, lecentlj, had been found, and that death ivis due lo thirst A «laputation tepreseutmg the Brisbane Chamo r of Gommwce and ollie i bodies vvuted upon the \llomey Geneial vestei day and urge I that Ine Government should Lil e st»ps to devil * ith the pilfering of tai go Mr Mullan su id Hie Government wouid he prepared to do everything in its power, <tud with n letton, to asa st the dtputution The Government lus in liaud i ».herne to mnaikcl Queens! ind gems through a «jenti al autLonty, and an agreement (¡lad been submttled to a firm m France The Home Secretary yesterday fore shadowed ti ¡hospitals tax unless the resi- dents of the metropolitan aroa gav« bettev support to their -capitals. Although it ivan understood that hue EecUiank colliery dispute had been settled work was not ¡resumed yesterday, and it is reported that the engiuu drivers and firemen hove taken excep tion to the services of three of their col- leagues having been dispensed with. A tramcai ran o£f the rails on Vic- toria dJridge yesterday, and lOnuna, Briggs and l'Horenec Ada Oull, both of Lower Clifton ton-ace, Red Hil), ivero thrown out and injured, Interstate, Playing against Australia in tie third test match at Adelaide the Englishtneu yesterday scored 447 in their first innings, and tin Ithe eooaiul innings the hame team compiled 71 for the lons of three wicuet*. Yesterday the interstate fcteanisbip owners in Sydney dcoidad to 'fivo -l8 hourn' notice to the engineers who are «101110013 as the Institute of Marine Diigmoura. Senne of the companies have also notified their captains v,-ho belong .to the Merchant Service Guild that their cervices wiill nat be rectumed in a month ?uiila_ the stewards' strike is settled witliiti ithat time. Operations at the Broken HUI Pro- prietary mine were brought to a close on Saturday owing to tbe shortage of coal. Tlie iirst trjpiaoe eeen in Sydney readied tiiere yesterday. U is destiued for service in Queenaland. The Coftrmon-ealth Statëiatician (Mr. G. H. Kriibbe) has beoon chosen as übe president-eleci oi the next congress of ¿he Australasian Ateociatáon for the Advancement of _ Sdernce. Mr. J. li. Maiden han resigned the permanent general honorary secretaryship of the ?association, and is being succeeded by Mr. Ja. Andrews, Goverumeat Biologist in New South Wales. Damage estimated alt about £100X000 ?iras caused by a fire at the nieat_eezing .works at Wbangarei (N.Z.), and more than 100 mern hove bean -¿own idle a» a, result of the oonflagratíoin. Frank Bonus, a q_iber, Shot his irire, Iiiry Barnes, in both ahoiddem iMc she yru- á .a street «tapare Hal, Sntay, 1 /oslcrdav Sahsequentty Bamea fata'ly thot lnmself Ihe Promior of New South Wales yester day made it known that the pioparation o i MotheihooJ Lindovvmonl Bill had been aUuliitaiscd Ihe acharne is estimated «o cost £1,100,000, pnd the money ia to be found by means of a Stale lotterr pallico Mai time/, a well knt/v> n. cross co jilr/ lock«, was killed by j, fall whale» iidm¿ al Ilcmmslon yoslcieu./ J\nio cliildien wore injured owing to the collapse of the platform of a 'slippery hlide at t school fete at Rose Bay, ¡sydney, last night The Afton t-G en ord for Western Aus- tralia arrived m that State fiom London on Smidav and is submitting a number of immigration proposals to his Govern ment Hie Primo Minister indicated yesterday that there 19 a likelihood of effect bein« "iven lo the scheme outlined some time ago bv the Director of Quarantine (Dr C tmpbton-) for tho establishment of a Federal Health Bureau International The Danish IVafilcerins; Corronrbteo has imposed fmca aggrosa,trng £62 MO on cnocol te factories as a penalty for ha\ np, charged an tvtoaivo price for chocolates Tnu polilu ü sraiation at Tehe-an, n Persia has lie MI» neulc and the * r h draw al of Bulish tiocps s imminent ft js gencially considered that the Anglo Persian igreemcnt is dead 1 ollowiiig the shooting of P<riicc Ser gean I MailiCt and Constable Ryan at «dont on Situidav riototui, scenes ensued and finite licitwccn the notéis and polee last ed foi coi el x1 hoirrs Ije Itali 111 Cabinet has deoiaed not to suppow aav measures wlmtih ore .intended to compel Gt-nxuiny to carry out the Ver aulles Treaty an its entirety or to compel 'lurkev to nrccpt the present eituatioii in the 'Vcax F3ast Ino portfolio of Minster for Repara fcions in «he now 1 rencli Cabinet fans been allotted to M Louoheui <Y svn.dica.te of Qlrancse bankers has granted to the Chinese Government a loan of £1 200 000 at 8 per cent, for the extension of Ohnneso railways 