PERSONAL His Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Stradbroke paid a visit to ihe Austin Hospital this afternoon- According to a Re uter cable message from Athens, an official bulletin states that King Constantine, of Greece, has recovered -from his recent illness. Mr. Keith Murdoch, who has been ap pointed Editor-in-Chief of "The Her ald," arrived in Sydney by the Makura today. Sir Masterton Smith has been ap pointed Permanent Under Secretary for the Colonies, 'in succession to Sir G. V, Flddes, say3 a Router cable message dated August 28. s Messrs. J. P. Bninbridge, C. H. Davis, iL. J. S. Welch, J. M'K. Wilson, and J. V. M.: Wood have been elected mem bers of tho council of the Incorporated Institute of Accountants. Mr \V. T. Fonder has been elected auditor. iMr Henrlk Grevenkop Castcnskiold, Danish Envoy Extraordinary and Min ister Plenipotentiary in London, who, was a popular figure in London society,! has died in his home in Cadogan Square as the result of a wasp-sting,! which he sustained while golllng at Ranelagh, a fortnight ago (says a "Times" message). Mr H. S. Gullett, Commonwealth Su perintendent of Immigration, has left for Brisbane on departmental business. He will be absent from Melbourne about 10 days. Mr L. E. Groom, Minister for Works and Railways, who has been on a visit' to Canberra, returned to Melbourne by the Sydney express today. He will leave tomorrow on a departmental visit to South and West Australia. Mr Cecil Madigan has been appointed iLedturer at the Adelaide University as assistant to Sir Douglas Mawson. Mr Madigan was in the Arctic in 1912 artdl 3 91.3 with Sir Douglas, and it was he who went on tho famous sledging ex-! pedltlon of 250 miles along the unknown! cpastllno. Mr Madigan served at the front during the war for four years, and wns later appointed geologist to tho Soudan Geological Survey, Cr, H. Coleman, the newly-elected Mayor of Kew, was sworn in as a Ti«qMr»o of tho Pence for the Central Bailiwick before Mr Justice Cussen in tho Practice Court this morning. Councillor W. Elswartli, who has been elected Mayor of Greater Ballarat city, is prominent in sport'ng circles in the city. He is president and life hon, member of the Ballarat Football Leaguo, a former hon. secretary, now vice-president, and .a life hon. mem ber of tho Ballarat Regatta Associa tion, ft former president of tho South Street Society, and of the Ballarat Eqst branch A.N.A. Ho is in his sixth year us a municipal councillor, having joined in 1915 the old Ballarat East To„wn Council, of which his late father, Cr! J. R. Ifilsworth, wns thrice Mayor. 