WHITE AUSTRMJJ, FARMING EDUCATIOn Civilise the Back Country, V. The factor of the subdivision of farms of' evolution, the second section in this review of Australia's task may best be described by 1). castration. The case is a genuine one, an. was brought before the notice of the Can ruthers Commission. A dairy farmer had a holding of 300 acres carrying a milking herd of about 100. Ord nally these cows averaged a butter production of 117 per annum. By dliU of improving his herd and weeding out the worst producer he raised the average butter production to over 200 lb. He found that from half his holding and an improved herd of half the original size he could obtain the same butler return as he formerly got from the SOO acres, and at much less expense. He accordingly divided, his farm, and let out the other half of it to tenant. He recognises that by further IS, proving his milking herd to the quantity of Danish herds he could further cut down the size of his farm and of his herd and to maintain his butter yield. This,' agria, would probably Iel In another tenant; and the first tenant, now farming the second 100-acre block, could undoubtedly make room for yet another tenant under the same process. The average butter yield of Australian dairy cows is officially set down as about 117th annual ally. To show the possibilities not yet ex- plotted, it need only be pointed out that Um American average is 220 lb, and that during the last 30 years herd improvement In Denmark has raised the butter yield from 15th to 300 lb, and the Danes declare that they have not finished yet. Agricultural and veterinary education along other Hues to fight pests In plant and stock to continue the work of Farmer and] others in wheat cultivation; to defeat prickly pear, into, nodules, tuberculosis, tick, and aphis; to spread the learning of soil analysis, following and manuring; to encourage rain conservation, and regular provision of en- silage against drought seasons; to spread the gospel of mixed farming and the increase of working hands through bigger development of co-operation and share-farming al those things are within the province of the study of better farming which the universities and agricultural departments must take up his mission work in inland Australia, and all belong to the section of closer settlement by evolutionary, process. Can anybody estimate the room for more men on the land with the success of such a campaign? This aspect of the problem alone would justify Sir Joseph Carruthers' million farmers." Not only would this work be business-like, but it would incredibly increase our national wealth; it has also become necessary for our salvation. The Carruthers Commission reports show that 30 years ago our rural popo lotion was 53 percent, of Ilia total of Australia Twenty years ago it had fallen to M per cent. To-day it is only 25 per cent. Nor is the decline merely restive that li to say, shrinking only by comparison with the greater accumulation of people to the cities. booking back to the year 1908 and taking the value of rural production in that year as 100, it is shown that whereas In 1910 productivity rose to 119, it had fallen by last year (1815 1920) to 73. This decline must not only be arrested; It must sharply be turned about- it is impossible to summarise adequately here the mass of evidence furnished to the) Carruthers's commission during the past U months. But the main tendency of a great part of it may usefully be shown. Professor R. D. Watt, Dean of the Faculty of Agriculture at Sydney University, said:- "If the farming industry gets the encouragement it - deserves it will advance by leaps and bounds, and it will be a great factor in restoring the financial condition of the country. There are far too few scientific officers in the Department of Agriculture, and they are too much engaged on routine work. . . Agriculture bureaus have only recently been estate lished here. . . . Our agencies for helping the farmer are puny in comparison with, those of other countries." As to the need W attention to fallowing (long recognised in. South Australia), Professor Watt instance! the case of crops at Deniliquin. "Three inches, of rain fell during the growth of She crops there. Two of those three inches fell below the crop was. well above the ground. Oaj unfallowed ground there was no harvest. Cw land that had been fallowed there was lief 141 bushels to the acre. Mr. G. Valder, Under-Secretary for Agrees ture, said the wheat yield of the State lawN aged less than 12 bushels to the acre. M America it-was IG, and in England 32. The local average yield could be increased U 20 bushels by the use of better seed, by select tific plant-breeding, by more efficient fieri work, and by the greater use of proper few milkers. _ Both Mr. Valder and Mr. E. Breakwell late of the Department of Agriculture) said that the annual losses from diseases and pests is crops, fruit trees, and pests were enormous The losses from blow-fly in sheep in one fear was over £1,000,000 in New South Wales and about £2,000,000 in Australia. Professor J. D. Stewart, Professor Veterinary Science, Sydney University, said the State's losses through stock diseases ran into several millions of pounds per annum. Tick had cost Queensland £7,000,000. In New South Wales along the wastage in pigs from tuberculosis was £250,000; in Queensland it was higher still. worm nodules in cattle cost the" Commonwealth annually t.WO 000 or ÜJ0W« Yet stock inspectors of shires and municipalities in this State are not required by law to have any specified veterinary qualification. "The Inspection of stock by untrained men," said Professor Stewart, is entirely retro- gressive. A reasonable extension of the present system tr> care of human health twill be the acceptance of medical certificates from sanitary inspectors." Any man may practise here as a veterinary surgeon. A frequent complaint in the country is that oversea markets are not Miflklenllr available for produce. But this is often our own fault. Australian agencies in Losses have frequently found that as soon as a os- mand is created for this or that commodity from Australia the supply from home fall off. Mr. Potts, principal of Hawkesbury College, says: "If we only had a continuous supply of butter for Europe Australian butters would lead the world. The farmers do not store sufficient food to keep the cattle going. They turn them out. We have a broken export trade. The distributing agesü would pay more for a continuous supply. As regards Instruction for prospective fair ers, the Hawkesbury College is short of accommodation, and short of staff. Last 9-12 ber there were 60 students wanting to set Is there: the college could not take them: there was no room. Students want to come to Hawkesbury, from all over the world, but had to be refused for the same reason. We are, in fact, refusing the a cry type of immigrant which we admit we want most. Mr. Cuthbert Potts, principal of Gatton AgrH cultural College, Queensland, said New South Wales lost 15,000,000 sheep in the last drought because there had been no conservation of fodder. Yet in 1917 many farmers threw water over the fence and burnt it because the mat- ket there was too low to pay them. They are not attempt to conserve it. The room for improved methods by scientific Instruction, as herein outlined, in it and intensely interesting But still the pom has so be enforced that the new learning rs stirred must by no means be confined to actual farm tug and to the soil- It must today! whole domestic economy of life in the back country. Pioneers to-day need not begin in exactly the same place where the old P*»nTJ our fathers, did. The difficulty of obtaining the Wst ordinary civilised conveniences w the country largely influences the S"?' -T, wards. Dr. Harvey Sutton's evidence much the commission points the moral. He was- to the difficulty or obtaining medical treaty in the country, and proceeds: "Nothing is nT characteristic of many rural districts tramway up-to-date implements of the farm, area " harvesters, ploughs, cream Separators, cut and the primitive housing conditions. it will be heaps of manure and rubbish heap which breed Innumerable (lies. Baths, are. to scarcity of water if they o\lst--»nnTn used. The house structure is Puma' ",'. kitchen has only a galvanised iron roof again the best of the sun and becomes heated in an oven There are seldom any com eulogy for hot water. and every drop of water must be carried to the kitchen. The rooms are in variably small. The dangers of was? with resultant carriage of infection to T» shows itself in typhoid. dysentery. AT SS (ive disorders, which are much more pre in the country. The fly also is the sole carrier of P""- trnuhlp." , 