MDSIC, DRAMA & PIGTDRE, A remarkable concert was given in Alelhourno lust Monday by the famous contralto Dame Clara Butt, and Mr. Kunaorley Unmford. The biggest con cert hall in the Commonwealth was then engaged and once again Damo Clara Butt cast the magic spell exer ted by songs of the people from the heart of a great slngor. This fore well concert was accordingly signal ised by a vast attendance with hun dreds unable to gain admissiou. Harry Carey, one of the screen's foremost Westorn stars, plays tue leading role in "llumau Stuff," at the Tivoli Theatre on Monday. The no relty of the story combines the glamour of the Cast with the elemen tal ruggedness of the wide out doors of the far West. A good xoice is ono thing, a fine figure, good looks, and stage presence form another thing, feeling and tem perament yet another, but it is not too often that one finds all these qualities embodied in nnc singer, but such can safely be claimed for the Danish tonor Enrico Palmetto, now starring at the Empire Theatre, and Australian play goers may ihnnk the Fuller manage ment for introducing to them a real artist, to listen to whom is an unal loyed pleasure. The Tivoli Theatre Rorf Garden has proved a veritable boon to play goers during the hot spell the last few days. The sarao programme is always presented in this section of the house as is seen in the main theatre. Passengers by the Orsova, which brought Dame Clara Butt and Mr. Ken nerley Humford to Australia, tell of a remarkable concert given by the distinguished English singers. Stand ing in the saloon of tho big liner, the great~contralto sang tho best of the songs in her repertoire down the well to thu steerage passengers who wore assembled to hear her. Tho immi grants were of all races, including many Italians, to whom tho exquisite art of the singer came as a fragiant breath from heaven. With Mr. Ken nerley Ruraiord, Dame Clara Putt rendered "Ibo Keys of Heaven," and when she gave "Land of Hope and Glory," the enthusiasm of the passeng ers, to whom the song seemed the portent of a happy time in the new land to which they vero going, was tremendous. The last episode of "The Diamond Queen" will bo shown at the TivoU Theatre on Monday. The serial has provoked great enthusiasm, through out the numerous episodes, and the ilnal chapter is more thrilling and ex citing than anything gone before. "The Girl in the Taxi" is the type of farce comedy that is at once whole some and rollicking in its humor. Lav ish cafe sets, beautiful Interior scenes, and snappy, trip-hammer action with a well defined plot, and an excellent cast of supporting players round out one of the best farce pictures seen here abouts in a long time. Miss Beatrice Holloway, who is at present playing leading parts in farce comedy at Creraorne Theatre, in con junction with her husband, Mr. Robert Greig, had not appeared in Brisbane since she played leading lady with Mr. Fred Niblo in "Get Rich Walling ford." Miss Holloway making her reappearance in the part of Zoie in "Baby Mine," which part she origin ated In Australia. Miss Holloway comes from probably our most famous theatrical family. Her father, Charles Holloway, was one of our finest actors and managers, and her aunt, Miss Nel lie Stewart, is another of our famous Australians. j- That (Jlara Kimball Young is a screen actress whose art attains now heights with each successive vehicle, is brought homo with telltig force in her latest six-reel production, "Straight From Paris." Tre story of this sparkling bveintrigr.e centres about the adventures of an unassum ing milliner in the person of Lucette Grenicr. Despite her humble call ing, she is thrown, by dint of her per sonal charm, into the moit aristo cratic circles of tho Parisian salons, and from that moment magnetises tho attentions of tho rrandees of high society. Tho thrilling' love episodes that pursue our pretty heroine and their novel development form an ex citing and scintillating tale. Very special mention is made by the Fuller management of tho advent ; this week, to the Empire Theatre, of ' Miss Jennie Hartley. Miss . Hartloy | will be well-remembered .in Brisbane, for her inimitable singing of " You'd j Be Surprise," in tho J. C. Williamson pantomime, and since that time has added fresh laurels to her fame, both in . pantomime and vau deville. No other artist since Daisy Jerome has achieved the suc cess in Australiar vaudeville to tho credit of Miss HarUev. She is a smart dresser, hut does not rely on her gowns to a' make her act," for it is her irresistible personality, that indes cribable " something" in the way sho handles her songs that has made her such a unique favorite. Her opening programme will include a brand new song, "The Last Train Home," but it is the song which has crmo to be peculiarly associated with the name Jennie Hartley, namely, " You'd Be Surprised," which most people will want to hear again this week. Patrons of the Tivoli Theatre will shortly have the pleasure of hearing the famous Molinaris. T^o soprano and tenor have just returned from a highly successful trip abroad. Tho young Polish violinist, Mclsa, who, with Miss Grate Torrens, is sup porting Dame CHra Butt and, Mr. Kennerley Rumford, has won the ap plause of Souther") audiences. This artist, remarkable ior sweetness of tone and refined brilliancy of style, was in boyhood nearly tho victim of a tragedy. This was when his father and younger sister were murdered by tho Cossacks at Lodz in 1905 He and his mother at last found the body of the child in a deserted cemetery, and were retiring with ft when they were stopped by a company of drink-mad dened soldiers. Seeing the violin the murderers called for a tune, and tho lad played the Rusrian dance, " Cos saczock" until wearied out. in return for which the men pissed on. "The Blood Barrier." in which tlio Australian actress, Sylvia Breamef, ap pears at the Strand de Luxe, is based on a story by Cyrius Townsend Brady, and represents that writer at his mch> dramatic topswlng. The picture was directed by J. Stuart Blackton, whoso previous productions featuring Miaa Breamer have been so popular. A gala night will bo hold at Cro morno Thentro next Friday (Armistice Night), in tho presence of tho Cover* nor (Sir Matthew Nathan), tho State Commandant, tho Admiral of tho Flcot, tho Mayor of North Brisbnno, tho Mayor and Mayoress of .South Bris bane, and othor leading citizens. Tho entertainment will take tho form c»f a benefit to aid the Soldiers' Christinas Box Funds Free Ward for returned soldiers in St. Martin's Hospital. Tho Town Topics will present a special programme. "The Greatest Lovo" is the com panion picture to "Humorcsquo and is interpreted by tho same cast. Vera Cordon, who portrayed tho Mother in "Humoresquc," has a similar rolo in "The Greatest Love;" hers is a won derful characterisation. Tho story is a colorful and an intensely human drama, and will bo presented for tbo first time at tho Tivoli Theatre on the 14th of this month. Dainty Mary Miles Mtnior, wboao de lightful rbaracterisations have raised her to a high pedestal of popularity, has a starring role in "Sweet Laven der," to bo seen at tho Tivoli Thoa tro next Thursday. The story Is a wonderfully sweel romnncc. Viola Dana will be seen in "Puppets of Fate." a Metro special at the Ma*1 jostle Theatro to-day. So convincing is the picture that tho audience lives through tho scenes portrayed: tho vivid, colorful life of Venice: the Ita lian, who forgot his wife, became a ganiblor in New York, and married a hardened creature; the forlorn little woman who blazed her way to success, and eventually found happiness. Tiiose music lovers who have heard the famous Danish tenor. Enrico Pal metto. at Fuller Empire during the past week will find no difficulty in agroeing with the following opinion of a leading Chicago musical critic: "Palmetto's voice is a glorious organ, full, resonant, and of entirely even quality in every register. There is breadth and suavity in the vocal equip ment, and a remarkable capacity fo? tone coloring. Indeed, he is a 'ram avis.' Nothing more poignantly dra matic can be imagined than Pal metfo's thrilling singing of the 'Rid! Pagliacci,* while the majestic fervor of the tremendous "Jerusalem" (Gou nod) and the lofty divinity of tho Lohengrin narrative serve only to reveal this superb voice in all its phases. On the other hagd, the sing ing of the dainty little Danish 'Lieder' illustrates the refinement and finesse of this great artist. Without doubt, Palmetto is the greates dra matic tenor outside of opera." Mr. John N. M'Callum announces that next week he will fdature Miss Beatrice Holloway and Mr. Robait Greig in the short comedy drama, "Kitty Nobody." This is a delightful playlet which scored a huge success in the Tivoli Theatres at Melbourne and Sydney. Anothor interesting number will be a whimsical fantasy entitled "A Tooth for a Tooth." This will be played by Miss Beatrice Hal loway, Mr. Charles Albert, Mr. Colin Crane, and Mr. Howard Hall. Larry Semon comedies are known for the acrobatic stunts and thrills contained in them. Larry has not disappointed his followers in "The Rent Collector," which will bo shown at the Strand de Luxe to day. Early in the picture he gives a policeman a motor cycle chase. Larry is eata pulated from another motor cycle into a real estate office and lands a job. A little further on Larry climbs to a telegraph wire, and is sliding across when the villain cuts the cable, caus ing the comedian to make a swing for life. Following Mae Murray's triumr»hs in "On With the Dance" and "The Gilded Lily," "Idols of Clay," which will be presented at the Tivoli Theatre on Monday, David Powol', who has previously played opposite tho famous Follies girl, aeain has that most important part. The story shows the regeneration of two souls, who had drunk the fullness of life. Alluring in its beauty, "Idols of Clay," is a perfectly presented photo-drama. Mae Murray, during the course of the picture, dances the "Chiffon Dance," a scintillating gem of artistry. 