TRADE AND FINANCE. The Federal Treasury is making avall » bio a sum of £20,000 to enable private cannera in Queensland to deal with the surplus crop of pineapples that rcmaiuB after the pines from tho soldiers' bcttle mentß havo becu treated at the State cannery. This action on the part of the Commonweal Iii Government will tend to prevent a glut in the market, buch as occurred with labt season's trop The wool position, ¡is indicated by the Itee wool sales lu London this, week, is bllghtly improved, merinos lieiuc 5 pet cent- above the previous week s íatca owing to the stronger Continental com- petition, consequent on the appreciating value of wool in France, This is ol in tcrest to Australian greivvcib, because al the recenl conference between representa- tives of thö Bnasli Viool Federation and bir Arthui Goldßnch (representing the Australian wool realisation scheme) It was agreed that tbc cairv over wool in England should bo oflcrad al the belling price of current free wool Any improve- ment in the mark, t, therefore, will mean jmpioved values for the surplm wool lil Queensland the murki t is merely in the ' marking time" stu),c, awaiting results of the bales to be held in Sj dney on the .list instant, and later on in Melbourne and Brisbane The Brisbane sales are fixed tor Tcbruary 15, when 20,000 bales will bo offered A recent cable message stated that sampleb of wool flora Peru had been regarded by experts of the Leeds Univer- sity as superior to Cape, Australian, or Argentine wools It is now known that an English expert, some time ago, was purchasing high-class sheep of the United Kingdom for the Peruvian tablelands, and it ia thought that this is part of a scheme for the improvement of native Peruvian sheep. The Peruvian Govern- ment is malling land available for immi- grants on favourable terms, and Presi- dent Lcquiu is apparently interesting himbclf in the movement for improving the quality oí the Peruvian wool In the heavy hardware market matters are quiet, and quotations practically re- main unaltered Bcrger's prepared paint, «hite. Is on sah at d6/6 per gallon, and ordinary colours at 13/6 per gallon Endurite asbestos cement sheeting, 3/16m thick, ¡a quolod at 4/6 per square- yard. TLcse are corrections of previous quota- tions, and are not increases m prices. The Daylesford Woollen Mills, Ltd , han boen registered in Victoria, with a capital of £100,000. in £l shares The figures supplied hy the Customs Department show that the value of Koft goods imported to Australia for the five months period Jilly to November to- talled £24 111,466. compared with £fi, Ifi 212 in the corresponding five montas of 1919 Even if the values were higher m 1320, tho quantities imported must have heen far greater than m 1919. The imports of manufactures of metals in- creased by nearly £h 000,000 It 13 these heavy imports of commodities, at a time when the exports were not corre- spondingly heavy, that led to nn ln sufliciencv of rredit in London in ment (he situation. The following interesting table will show how th« market for metals, which reached a verv high point during tho war, has declined during tho past 12 months : July SO. Jan. S3, Jaoi. 25, lull. JWO. lieSL Copper, dec. * ' troJytic. .. £61 0 0 mil 10 0 £78 0 0 to 70 0 0 Copper, stan- dard, spot.. se ia o mi 17 6 «7 ie a Copper, ' tianuu months.. .. S3 2 (I Hill 9 6820 Tin, spot .. 133 5 0 .Cfil 3 Ü 171 5 0 Tin, 'aireo months.. .. 135 ä 0 3Sfl Û O 177 7 0 Load, soft, foreign.. .. US la 0 SO IS 0 23 3 fl Speiter. spot 3116 0 «SOO »1150 Silver, stan- dard .. .. l/llj 0/ÍÍ 8/3} The state of the tea trade ' in England ia illustrated by the plethora of ^tea on the market, which has led the "In- dian and Ceylon growers to the drastic remedy of agreed restriction of output to Um extent of 20 per cent. The glut at the end of last year was so great that while teas of fair quality could still bo sold . at a profit, the common sorts were being absorbed gradually at prices from 6d, to 3d. below cost. The excessivo quantity of these teas on thei market is partly attributable to the maintenance tor so long a time of Government con- trol, which mado but little diilcrentiation ia the prices o! different qualities ol tea, and therefore encouraged coarsu plucking. The glut ' has been accentu- ated by the prolonged suspension of Rus- sian demand. In the last pre-war year Russia took 48,750,OOOlh. of Indian and 29,000,0001b. of Ceylon tea, also 4,1750, 000 from Java, apart from the consider- able proportion of tea shipped thence to Holland, which eventually found ita way to the Russian market. The contribution of China thereto was estimated at 98,' 000,000h\ From these figures it follows that the restoration of the Russian trade on the pre-war standard would mean an increase of world consumption that would render unncressary mainten- ance of :,the policy of reduced , output. The Russian tea trade has benn destroyed, and even if political conditions were favourable it would take Binni) years to gel Duck to pre-war standards. The net profit of the Bendigo Fruit Growers' Co-operative Society, Limited, for the half-year ended November 30, after providing 5 per cent, on capital, was £1190. The board recommends the following distribution:-Dividend of .1 per cent, on shareholders' pnrchases of manufactured products, £273 ; bonus of 3 per cent', on shareholders' siileB of Iruit, £25 ; bonus of 3 Per cent, per nnnum on capital (making '8 per cent.), £300 ; ' bonus of 3 per cent, on employees' wases, £73 ; provision for ' income taxes, £200 ; rcBcrvc fund-20 per cent, of net profits, £2.18. For tho, corresponding temi last year net prout was £973. and the distribution was at tho above rates. Tho foioign oxchangc position created W the nar is set out hy the London correspondent of the Melbourne "Age " writing on December W Ho points out lilt Europe owes America so much aoney for loans raised there during the *nr for war oiuipment supplied to the Allies and tor foodstuffs supplied dur- ing the war and since the war ended, «at the cichan-ft va]u0 o! tn" dolla,, s.^ risen considerably in every European country in Great Britain the dollar was then worth 5/9 as compared with tor- pre war value of 4/1 In France the dollar is worth 16 flancs as compared win 5 trauen before the war In Ger- many the disparity between the mark and the dollar ii far greater It is ofiicinl I e?t,ma*ed that the average price of the dollar in li ol iu0 chief countries of Luronn is now 1 dollar 88 cents The fesnlt of this inilatiOD is that American S°D"i sent to these countries navo to bo Paid for at almost double the price at »aie-h they were sold in America On such terms impoverished European coun- ters cannot afford to pav for American gooda fra th,, 0(.hPr hand the low voluo °l German currency in TAiropean coun- ters has stimulated Germany s export trade, and German goods are being sold In Great Britain in the retail shopB at Prices below the aptual cost of produc ( tion of Gimilai goods by BriUJh nianu racturers Private uable messages received in Mel- bourne advise tnn« Danish butter is now "Hering m England at 266/ per cwt j°b which ia c-pial to 2171/ per cwt land«! whereas at the contract rate (ho landed cost of Aubtralian butter 13 ap Ptniimatelj 291/ If Danish Hitter can be «"»eht at that price it is thoufht that American and other mar\otb arc not like- ly to consider Australian 'Hitter at any T>£ approaching current rite J 