On the Land. Of the !!';'- pa-ssensers wlio disem: barked from this r. & 0\. brunch \hxiv Bcltiina R-t Victoria Dock on July IS, about 200 wore -booked UirouRh the Victorian Immigration department. Altosellicr, 151 of U.vcse now -r.rriviils , in Vicloila wcro oitber r.'.iminatE;! r,;:.s songcrs or lind frionds liore with w!io:n limy h:id been in communica tion. Amo.-.g- (ho ii?:ninatrd inissr:1. ? ger.s wore s:voral families with iiiiv«- H'rj.l Tour I'iilldron. A \nra,e crowd iisGcniblod ::t. Victoria Dock to wel come the passengers, and th.iusli ninny had come to liiPct travelloiv ro '.nriiinir fi-om a trip abroad, iiiiit; a largo number wore on the look-out for friends and rplnlives who did dc uidod to setrlo in Victoria. Very oft?/i Micse 'ricw arrivals flml- lirtushiK -iic- commodation a.s wnll as nij-jyinmst awa! tinpr Ihem. A liotalile Enslisli record !ias iio-»n achieved by a dairy Slioi'tboru cav. producing 2000 iiallons of milk in a lacltuicr.i 'J'ho animal is nnmt-d Lady, belonging' to Mr. William KwinR. nrainioy. Surrey, a wpll- Knvown nii'si'- ber of tho Daily Shoi rhor.i Ass :c:a 1 ion, ;:ml of tlm Snrrfy .Alilk livcnrd ing Society, l.ady calved on M:iy -.) 1020\. mid her i.ictatio:;. pnriiul i::i.di.'d on April J5 !-asi, having lastod -IS weeks and ;i days. l-,irin;r ihat 1i:no !ic-;- yield of lv.ilk was 20,10.'lb.. .iml on i'v.s last day cf the period .she i;avo ?Mil). She is seven and a half years old, and this was her fourth laetDiioa. She was bred by Mr. Kwir.s. '.:nd h?' ancestry is strong- in milking c.inacity. In the production of her '000 sar.o:!K, l.iidy received no special trentme'.'.'i. -She was Iiimtd out with the r:--t oi' !ho hfrd throughout the year, winter Jiitthidcd. ar.;l was milked (valy twice ! a d.i y. Her success is a 'ribn'o t.) Mv. living's perseverance in I'-reed'ni? a f.ype of cow wii'i -strons con -utir.::):1. and ''.liah milk yield. The lior-l n.tr.i !)ers wc',1 over 100. II is expected that the importation of island phosphates into Australia will have, the clVcct of reducing- the price next year. Since the com mission took over operations 120.000 tons of phosphates have -been landed in Australia, but up to the present this has no.t reduced the price to iho agriculturist. It js stipulated in the agreement that the phosphate must 'be. sold to the. people of the United Kingdom. Australia, and New Zealand at cost price, thai ;\ny sur plus may be sold to outside 'coun tries, 'and iho profits divided pro rala among the- three parties to the agreement. The first year under the new management closed on June ;?0, .mifc_uo estimate of the profit's to be derived by Australia lias yet been made. The New Zealand Government is committed to a contract with the Colonial Sugar Refining- Co., to ex pire in June 1922. The matter -was i arranged some time betWe the col lapse of the market i'or sugar, and the details are still before' the j Board of Trade of the Dominion with the object of definin-- condi tions. It is .feared that the, con tract will be unprofitable, but the Government intends to go on with it. it- also announces' that- while this is the case it is leaving- the market quite open, so .that, importers can obtain 'aivy supplies availble. Contrary 'to reports from Liver pool that the drought in. Europe was breaking-, it would appear that dry weather conditions there and in the United Kingdom continue. The whole oi' Western Europe seems to have suffered. The opinion expressed in London that the butter market would remain strong uutil March promises ivell for Australian producers, espe cially as Denmark is being called upon to supply so many Continental countries. Further, the possibility of .the United States coming- upon the Danish market also is an important fiiritfi1 which- may assist to raise prices of (butter to t he advantage of the -Commonwealth dairy fanners. ?One of the focst ways to keep the boys reared on farms from drifting ?to the tt.Uy is to give them an in terest ilk something produced on the farm — crops, poultry, stock — some- thing where Jhey can study the cost of production, where they van Jearn 'the methods of eiti'e and cultivation necessaiy io produce the crops and grow the animals, and where they can count the proceeds ia shillings or pounds as their own, and figure out the profit in the business (says tlio 'Southern Pioneer.' Yorke's Pcir isula, S.A.), This is nothing- but practical business; it is jusj what they will ho. called upon to do them selves goQiicr or later. ?Half the N.S. Wales wheat crop last year was so'tvn in the south' western slopes and Riverina. In view of the inevitable reduction this1 sea son in {he area sown in the State the | position in' these, two .subdivisions ?provides a fair indication of the general shortage. Referring to this big slice of the wheat belt. Inspector O. C. Spark, of the Department of Agriculture, states: 'Present infor !mation would seem to indie- ate a re i dud ion of upwards of 35. per cent, i on last year's acreage.' Owing' lo the wet weather experienced throughout June,, he says, the area under crop is less than was to have «-ieenf anticipated. Seeding-, reports Mr. Sparks, in a summary of the position in these 'southern districts', | is [practically completed, and only in isolated cases is any being done. ^F.arl'V sown crops arc doing well, and germination of late plantings seems ?satisfactory, although inclined to j be patchy jn places. At Lockhart portion of the late secdings are a failure owing io heavy rain packing the surface and preventing the cro.p from coming through. The dry weather prevailing' for the past few weeks has beoii most favorable, the ground having an opportunity of getting rid of free- water, la many cases low-lying; paddocks were be coming water-logged. Fallowing is now in progress. Australia is larger than the United States in ami, and has practically as much acreage with a rainfall --of 20in. or more per annum, says Mr. A. E. N. Richardson, Vict.orian wheat expert, in the Soiv'th Eastern 'Times,' Millicont, S.A. iDuriug- the last .two years .the total value of the wealth obtained from the ? soil was well over £50,000,000. Provide* agricul ture was carried on in conformity wiiJi modern science the more wealth the soil produced the 3nore could be obtained from it. Great natural resources and a people able aud willing to develop them were essential jf a country was to suc ceed. The probable 'limit jo profit able se'illement -was the eight- to ten inch lino of rainfall. In Australia there was a drought once in five or s'jiyeu years. America suffered every year from drought caused Iby low temperatures. With respect to elini' nte we have a grea[ advantage over I the United StaHes. _,.'.?_ 