METEOROLOGICAL. The focal temperature readings, a* supplied by Mi- John Brittain, of the Mount Pleasant Observatory, yesterday were as follows : — Maximum (shade), i 33.8 degrees; minimum (shade), 54.5 degrees; on grass, 51.3 degrees. RAINFALL. The rainfall' for the 24 hours .ending 6 p.m. yesterday was nil; total for the month, '345 points. The barometrical readings, supplied by Messrs Carter and Werner, are:— Barometer 9 a:m., 30.212; 3 p.m., 30.238 ; 6 p.m..,- 30.225. Moisture—9 a.m., 65 per cento 3 p-m,, 55 per cent-; 6 p.m., 63 per cent. Ministers to Confer. —The Prime Min ister stated last night that the Pre mier of Queensland (Mr Theodore) had called on him during the day and; had discussed some phases of the immigra tion question with him. -He had been in Adelaide and had scen the South Aus tralian Premier, and had also inter viewed Mr Lawson. He had now put forward a suggestion that the Pre miers of the varidus States l should-meet the Prime Minister and discuss ques tions affecting the States and the Com monwealth: . Itwa** also suggested that-.the meeting should he. held about the middle':of February. Matters of fin mu re could also he considered. Asked whether the meeting had been : de finitefy arranged the Prime Minister an swered in the affirmative, adding that the gathering would he more in the natntre of a, meeting than a set confer ence. State. Cabinet. —The State Cabinet sat 'yesterday afternoon ' for severalj hours. At the termination the; Pre mier (Mr Lawson) said that the Cabinet discussed matters of genefaL policy on which he had to iriaike.-' I ■ >' • • .# • . ■ .Railway Commissioner’s Visit. — Business men, members of- , trading firms, and the public, who are interest ed' in railway-" affairs; will have -an oprortuujty at the City->■ Ha'll at. 8 o’eoblc .to-night, to discus® the subject • with Mr C. Misca-mble. one of the Railjmrv; Commission's. Tt is. under-, jjfcod. that' the Progress Association ywill malfe nrrnhaemen+s for certain gentle: men\,to nddrese the meeting. >^.- Yestoi’day’a Fire.— I The scene of the Dovnton street fire, was yesterday visit:, ed by r hundreds of people, and much speculation ■ was indulged in as to the actual cause ’of the fire. During -thej morning a sudden whirlwind caught: the damaged .facade of Holland and M'Donald's . premises, and almost brought it down across the footpath. There was a’ hasty scatter of onlookers, and as the facade was leaning at a dangerous angle, it was temporarily shored up, and later in the day wa* dismantled. : A portion of the north wall was left standing, -.but in such a damaged state- that it . will have to come 'down. , Mr Edwards, of Hand ford’s grocery, had a fortunate escape, though tlie cellar of his premises was half filled with -water*, -but. the. sypmon practically cleared it yesterday. The sheds at the rear of the buildanjg were destroyed, and a large quantity of. bottles was lost. At one time Mr Edwards’ private residence appeared in danger, but fortunatly it escaped the flames. The family was asleep at the time of the outbreak, and Miss Edwards was aroused by hearing "Mr Ellis shouts ing that Wilkinson’s was on fire. No further particulars as to insurance than .those given in “The Star” yes terday were obtainable from the Fire Brigade. " Residents m the vicinity were last evening In some fear that a recrudescence of the outbreak might occur, but the brigade assured them that a vigilant watch would be ob served. “Tait” Cars. —Following upon the complaint recently made by the City Council, a letter lias been received by the Mayor of the City (Cr W. D. Hill) from Mr Harold W. Clapp (Cliairmaii of the Railway Commissioners) in re ference to a discussion at the council meeting on Monday last concerning the use of Tait- cars on country lines. He says:—“l would like to inform you in tho matter, as I am quite sure that when you appreciate the position you will realise-; that tlie department is doing the best that.circumstances per mit. At the outset I would like to say that these cars are really not Tait cars, but cars specially built for coun try. excursion traffic,, and although primarily intended for journeys of but comparatively short duration, their use over longer distances has, owing to the necessity, through the compulsory curtailment of country passenger ser vices due to the acute coal shortage, row been forced upon the department in order to provide the maximum ac commodation practicable for passengers without unduly increasing the oar weight to be hauled by the engine, and until such time as conditions re turn to normal, it will, I regret, be necessary to retain on the longer trips a much larger percentage of these ex cursion cars than is usually the case. I may explain in tills connection that the use of the excursion cars repre sents to tlje- 'department, and, of course, to the country at large, a. very great economy. The seating accom modation is reasonably comfortable; there is a passage <way to enable people to go from one portion of the car'to another in search of seats, and lavatory accommodation is - provided. At the same time each such car weighs only 25 tons, and accommodates 82 passengers, while tlie ordinary country corridor stock, although having ac commodation giving greater privacy and. a higher standard of comfort, is not, from the point, of view of the de partment-, nearly so economical. The inter-State. express cars weigh about 351 tons, and seat only 48 passengers in each first-class car, and 72 in each spcond-cass car, while the smaller cor ridor stock running on less important lines weigh about 2% tons per car, and seat onlv 40 passengers in each first class car. and 60 in each, second-class car.. If you will please be «} good as to have the facts made known to your council, my colleagues and I shall be very grateful.'’ Federal Public Servants. —Keen dis satisfaction as to the delay in bringing the basic wage into operation is ex pressed by local federal' public servants, and a meeting of protest is to be held next Monday night.. - District menrber s of Parliament will be invited to attend and several speakers from Melbourne are to be prsent. A resolution wall be submitted demanding 'tho immediate payment of the basic Butter and Meat Exports’.—lt was stilted yesterday afternoon 'by Mr R. Crowe, export superintendent at the State Department of Agriculture stores that from. Ist January to date, 1192 tons of butter, valued at £326,608, were exported, bringing the total since the commencement of the season np to 8172 tons, valued at £2,289,122. Altogether, 1170 tons of butter have been received for shipment during the season, which! leaves "a balance of 289 tons, worth £794,052, at present in the cool stores, awaiting shipment. The steamer now loading 300 tons. Mr Crowfe said tihlat the sup plies of butter for export continued! to be well maintained for this period of the year. Since Ist January, 40,623 carcases of lambs, 977 carcases of _mut tobi, and 336 packages of meat sun dries, valued at £57,298, have been ex ported, the total shipments since the commencement of the season up to 196,576 carcases, worth £262,101 The total number of carcases received into the freezing chambers since the commencement of the season was 256,274, 'being valued at £341,698, so that there are now in the stores await ing shipment 59,698 carcases, worth £79,597. The steamer Benalla is now engaged loading 35,000 carcases. ' Street Gardens Damaged.—Usually citizens are careful of municipal pro perty, particularly of the street .gar dens, in the beauty of which they na rturally take pride. Yesterday morn ing, however, it was discovered that much* damage had been done to the plots near the Titanic bandstand, the beds had been run over and) plants trampled down and destroyed ■ it being reneaered necessary-for one of the municipal employes to spend half-a-day in removing the signs of devastation. It is thought that the mischief was caused by children playing there. Kelfeway’s Performance.—To face English bowlers on three consecutive dnvs in a Test Match is a performance which' is probably unique. Kelleway, tho New* South Wales cricketjer, who is recognised as a,.moist difficult batsman to shift, lias that distinction to his credit. He opened his innings on Mon day. continued hatting all through Tuesday , and restumed at the wickets yesterday morning. Not until after the liiinoh' interval was he disposed of. ? »uring that period Ke had survived five djqiimments,_ which -makes his effort the more meritorious, _ si nee the inter ruptions' in ' the' match necessitate _ a; batsman .“playing himself .in” again, atnd it is generally-the making of .start which troubles players. Kelleway lost bis wicket .a couple of overs after the luncheon adjournment. State Service Rclassification.—Tt is stated' that the sub-committee of the Cabinet which has been investigating several appeals in connection with the re-classification of the State service has almost; completed its work, - and the scheme will be ready .in. a few days f-or publication. Many employes had ap pealed against the status granted to them under; the scheme, and the inves tigation, which had been made .hy the sub-committee, caused delay in an nouncing- the proposals. . . ■ price of Wheat. —The announcement that the Imperial autlioitieis have re duced the price of wheat--to; £5/2/6 per quarter or 4/ less than the last quota tion 'cabled ,' means that- supplies to mil lers are.’being'i averaged down in the United. Kingdom.... At- the quotation /cabled the. ‘Australian! parity is still over 10/> per;-bushel, s . Although np statement, is forthcoming of the quan-j titv of • wheat- sold., if:.is believed that .'the'' quantity l .disposed of represents’ a pubstanttal.-tofaT,-'and ; no time is .being lost.in 'getting-the. •gr/iin away. : ’"".The chartering of;;.-vessels - has’,' gone," on steadily and spjf- isf^dxnrU.v-i.tp'tKe- wheat grower. Freight., airrkngeirnents : have been r- handled, so deftly; that y Bilt®tau tfal.sums 1 havebeen/Tsaved /the. farmer., hasi note been accomplished wifh outi. some. offish of. -wits between. ship l owners and. the 'officials of the Austra lian : Wheat Board. These have pro duced advantages through the general trend of the market for freights being in favor of those wanting cargo space, owing not only , to the building up of the mercantile marine of the word, but to the easing of interstate trade conditions... . Inspection ,by Councillors. —In order that they may secure personal know ledge of various matters that require attention, members of the City Coun cil will this afternoon visit a number of places within the municipality. These will include the Redan quarries, the area between Murray street and Victoria parade (Newington), Sturt street west (relative to. fire plugs), /Holmes and Moyle streets? and the Mining Exchange. The: finance com mittee will meet- subsequently at 7 o’clock. - •Railway Picnic Postponed.—Official intimation was received yesterday by the City Council that the railway pic nic. which' was to have been held in Ballarat on oth February, has been postponed. The secretary of the com mittee states that this action had been made necessary because the shortage of coal supplies has made it impracticable for the Railway Department to pro vide the special trains that- would be required io carry .excursionists. Re gret is expressed at the alteration that lias had to be made, and it is stated that early notification of the change has -been given in order to prevent res taurant keepers and others from incur ring expense in regard to catering. Work Wanted for Trainees.—The at tention of the employers of Ballarat and district is directed to the fact that a. large number of returned soldiers are awaiting employment in various trades. These men have been voca tionally trained by the Repatriation Department‘^at. the Ballarat School of Mines, and on attaining 40 per cent, efficiency they are ready to be absorbed into the industrial life of the commu nity. Under the industrial scheme of the Repatriation Department- any em ployer who employs six journeymen or any portion of that number is entitled to one trainee. On commencing em ployment the employers’ sfyare of the Board rate of wages is 40 per cent, the Department paying the balance of 60 per cent. ' At the expiration of three months an increase in efficiency is asked for, and in the case of (lie trainee who has made satisfactory pro gress the rate then would be approxi mately 50 per cent, employer’s portion and 50 per cent, the Department’s. Employment is required for these men in the following trades : —Plastering, bricklaying, boot-repairing, electric wiring, wood-working and carpenter ing, turning aud fitting, motor me chanics, and commercial work. There are now over 250 men employed in the industrial establislunents of Ballarat under this scheme, and in the majority of cases satisfactory progress lias been made, and the employers are quite sa tisfied with the work of the trainees. Any peVfion or firm willing to employ a trainee may obtain full particulars and information from Mr A. V. Sharp, secretary Repatriation Department, A.M.P. Buildings, Lydiard street, Bal larat. Town Council. —Prior to the Christ mas holidays the Town- Council ad journed until 31st January. As this is a public holiday the meeting will not take place until the following even ing. Color Patches for A.I.F. Men.—Much interest ha's been centred in the pro posed adoption of color patches for the units of the Citizen: Forces when reorganised. It is intended, as far as possible, to organise- the units on the A.I.F. principle, but it has not been determined whether the old A.I.F colors will be applied to the corres ponding formations and units inf the Citizen Forces. Probably this would be impossible. The matter, however, is under consideration. There is also a proposal that former A.I.F'. members who belong to, or enlist in,- the Citi zen Forces, will be entitled to wear a miniature of their old A.I.F. color patch. Tt- seems likely that- this sug gestion will be carried out. There is a strong desire to obtain the co-opera tion of active service men with the Citizen Forces, and it is thought that the privilege of wearing the old co lors would stimulate their interest. Sample of Flax.—A sample of flax grown by Mr J. G leghorn, of Arm strong street north, was yesterday on view at the City Hall, and illustrated what can be done in this district. Mr Gleghorn has taken particular interest in the cultivation of the plant, and, prior to retiring from the. Education Department, experimented with it largely in the gardens at the schools of which he was in charge. The Evans ford scholars, who grew iliix under his direction, gained first, prize, for an ex hibit at the Royal Show. In tb‘ school district competitions they also gained prizes for native and “intro duced grasses. Mi* Gleghorn states that the. sample he forwarded to the City Hall was rather coarse It will be shown at the farmers’, meeting which is to be held to-morr-vv. Commonwealth Enrolments Decline. —-The lists received by the District Re turning Officer for Corio from Com monwealth electoral headquarters show that for the State of Victoria, there was for December a decrease of 5747 names as compared with the month of November. In Corio alone there was a decrease of 255 names. The autho rities poiut out that apparently people are becoming indifferent, and are. neg lecting to enrol on making a change of address. Prosecution in each ease of neglect is advocated as a means of bringing the rolls up to date. Experiences of J. G. Wil kinson, who was one of the chief suf ferers by yesterday morning’s fire, has had similar experiences in previous years. He stated yesterday that some 20 years ago his house jn Yuille street caught fire, and his mother, an aged woman, was burned to death. Fortunately oil this occasion the house escaped injury, though the flames ran so close to it. that the woodwork was scorched. Mi* Wilkinson lost a, valu able rubber-tyred gig and also a set of.Harness. He could, lie says, have saved the latter, but did not consider it worth the risk of another fatality in-the family. Mining Exchange-—The anual meet ing of the Ballarat Mining Exchange was hpld yesterday. The report show ed that during the’'year a satisfactory volume of (business had • 'been transact ed, . particularly in investment - stocks. The baaiance sheetr was also satisfac tory. Both were adUpted •without com ment. The following officers - were elected for the ensuing term/:—Chair-j man, Mr".W. Gooch; vice-chairman, Mr C. H, Bunce; committeer-Messrs W. H. Stokeld, J.. Craddock, J. J. Edgar, A. Cant and J. H. Petersauditors', Messrs H. W. Pyvii and' 'J. Miirrpy '■ secretary, Mr T, Opie. A special vote of thanks was passed to the press , for the excellent manner in: which the pro ceeding of the Exchange were reported, and. the meeting terminated. School- Holidays—Parents, - particular ly mothers, will he inclined to endorse the statement of the. Minister for Education (Sir Alexander Peacock) re garding school holdiavs—“l quite: agree there are too many. ’ ’ Sir Alexander explained that the present vacation had been increased from five to six “weeks at fche_ ; .wish of the Prince of who desired that State school children should be given a • lveek’s holiday in honor ...of his .'.-visit'’ to The children, . however, had far too many holidays. ; He. cquld not- ray whether any action would be taken to, curtail the, hblijgyg: next Christmas-- The vacation -was' fixeA by >egjvlatidii.; When Ea^K/%lbwed;.sp, closely/on Christnjas a* if did/ tliis yehr,fthe effect ctf a long Christmas vacation was .that the schools wero;opened'-for only- a short- period be fore .'anotheE'bf^^'r/Caßie. ’; Boer —' Th© great war fciii ,the"back ground the who served in tie Boer War.' = For these no repatriation scheme was ever devised, and although they fought for their country twenty years ago, and would, in many cases, have fought again, had -they been eligible, their case for preference or any concesson is ’ a lost one. Prior lo the great war, some preference was extended to'.them, but not now. There no provision iir the Repatriation Act which) covers South African sol diers. and in matters of employment they-have to take their.chance with any uthqr citizen who did not participate in the last war... South African vete rans resent this treatment, and- con aider that they should have second pre ference in employment and other things after .returned soldiers from the last War have been given first. Bowling Association. —A meeting of fchb Ballaraf Bowling Association was held at Craig’s hotel last night; the president (Cr Richards) being in the chair. The business transacted was merely formal, >but i; was decided that entries for the 8.8.A. championship should close on Saturday night, and that the association should meet on that night to- arrange the order of the play. Supply of Sugan—Housewives who have been trouble about the supply of sugar will welcome the news that it is now practically agreed that the Queensland yield of sugar for the 1920 season amounts to 1615,000 tons, or practically the same output as in 1919, but far short of the yield for 1917, which aggregated 307,714 tons. The crop is distinctly larger than was ex pected. In view of the belief that the forthcoming season will show a great improvement an that of 1920, the Miul >rave Company lias decided to expend £130,000 in addition to its mill, and in extending the area from which,cane supplies can be drawn. Other mius have various improvements in hand. Labor has been more plentiful and less troublesome than in previous years. Re parta from State officials respecting sugarcane prospects in Queensland are! that the returns at Babimda have sur-i prised the most optimistic, and, judg ing bv the growth of the young cane, the. return for the forthcoming season is expected to be a record. At Gordon vale, also, the outlook is said to be most cheerful. At Hambleton tihe farmers have had a satisfactory season. Special efforts are being made to com bat the grub pest and the borer, both by using poisonous sprays or planting resistant canes. Provided average: rainfall occurs, the Queensland sugar plantations 7 in the forthcoming year promise to furnish an exceptional yield 1 . City Band. —Attracted by the delight ful outdoor conditions, a very large crowd assembled in tho vicinity of the Titanic Bandstand last night, to enjoy a programme of music rendered by the City of Ballarat Band. The programme was one almost solely of modern popular music, aud it certainly appealed to the big audience, who frequently applaud ed the players. Slesvigers and Danish Nationality.— Notification lifis been received at the Australian Consulate-General ior Den mark from the Danish Foreign Office that persons born in the part, of Sles vig returned to Denntark under the Versailles Peace Treaty, and residing in a foreign country, may be granted Danish citizenship, provided they have nob been naturalised in the country of their residence. Particulars may be obtained from the Consulate-General of Denmark. Melbourne, iuid from the Danish Consulates in Australia and- New Zealand. Cricket.—A Dalian team came to Ballarat yesterday to meet a. local j eleven, this being the first of a series ' of Wednesday matches, designed to bring country apd town talent toge ther. The game - was played on the Eastern Oval, and while the visitors made a poor showing in their lirst innings, totalling only 67, they came to light in flic second innings', Waiters especially being prominent for the lo cal team, who put"up 173 for the loss of four, wickets. Mayo. Owen and Campbell were the lop scorers. The Bnlhm team, who were the guests of the Association, expressed much plea sure at being able to meet a- Ballarat eleven, and no doubt these games will help to foster cricket in, the country. New Justice. —Before the business of tho City Police Court began yesterday the Police Magistrate, Mr W. W. Har ris, took occasion to welcome to the Bench Mr T. T. Hollway. who had -just been sworn in as a Justice of the Peace. Mr Harris expressed the opinion that Mr Hollwa.y’s shrewdness and knowledge of the world would be of great assistance to the Bench. He had held many prominent positions in Ballarat, including that of Mayor. He came to the Bench well recommended, and would no doubt be an acquisition to the magistracy of Ballarat. Sergt M'Leod, for the police, and Mr. A. S, Hauser for - flic office staff, also ex tended a welcome to Mr llollway, who suitably responded. Public ■ Schools’ -Boys’ and Cadet Sports.—Some weeks ago the question whether trainees from the public schools should be eligible to compete at the senior cadets championship sports meeting on the > M.C.C. ground on March 26 was keenly discussed. The vigvv was expressed that, they had an advantage over other trainees. The Victorian Senior Cadet Encouragement. Committee decided that they should be excluded. On Monday evening, hew veer, the committee rescinded its pre vious decision. It was stated that/ notwithstanding the advantages col lege youths may have over other trainees in the preparation for these athletic events, t-liev did not win all the contests last year. To counteract ] these advantages the sporting clubs were now giving more'encouragement to other trainees, with the result that on Easter Saturday every youth unaei IS-years of age in. Victoria would com pete on more equal terms than former ly. Tlie. committee was unanimous on the necessity for preserving the national and democratic character ol these sports gatherings, which are offi cially recognised and subsidised by the Defence -Department. A Useful Pound.—-Generally tho muni cipal pound is regained somewhat as a outlie nuisance and the officer who drives vagrant cows and horses to that enclosure is looked upon with disfavor. A Ballarat East resident who four months ago lest a valuable horse is not amongst -such, critics. The animal was recovered this week after having caused the owner fairly heavy expenditure in his efforts to .find it. The horse after a few hours -"at home/ wandered again and was promptly impounded. This time it was found within twenty-four hours and a/:, the cost of a few shillings. The owner is congratulating-himself that the pound-keeper came to his assistance. \- Aiding (lie Orphanage—The Musketeers ( Comedy Company who have been of con siderable assistance to the Orphanage at various times, gave another open-air; concert at Queenscliff. the rotunda being utilised for the purpose. A large gather ing assembled, but. the concert- was in terrupted by rain. " Nevertheless a fairly large sum was obtained before (lie.- as semblage dispersed. • j Horseman’s Mishap.—While Robert! Roxborough, a married man, 35 years of age., was riding- a horse at Lexton if swerved and dashed into a tree throwing Roxborough who sustained internal in juries, concyssion and abrasions. He was brought, into the Ballarat Hospital yesterday and admitted. Remanded. —A man named John McGuan. who said that he was a farmer at, Sutherland, near-St-. A rnaud, was pre sented at- the City Police Court yesterday before Messrs W. W. Harris. P.M., T. T. Hollway and G. Pnnshon, J’s.H He was .in a state verging .on delirium tremens, and informed tlie bench that liis people did not know where -lie was. He harl been .in the Lara; institute. Sergt McLeod: applying; for a remand for medi cal treatment, said that‘the institute ap peared to have done the man very little good* Constable' Coni be re. who arrested Mo,Oban said -that the latter appealed to be taken core of, and was locked up for bis .own safely. A week's remand'for medical etterifieri; - wasgranted. The con’sta'hJeVlind-.taken - man - to the his ■pitaf for tfeafWeriL bht Dr 1 Sahdison had pronounced the. case one of delirium; Post Office I Jobbery.—Tho voting man. Charles Henry Hudson. who is charged wp.b having broken, into the City post office and having stolen therefrom postal notes and other articles, will appear a* the City Court this morning. He arrived yj, allarat. last night on nmiand from aleil ourne. Ti.vlor's motor lorry leaves the Star*' Ho: don Saturday at 11. Hi) for the Elaine rwcos. t a re. 10-/ return. The Ballarat, anglers will meet to-nighi -it theiv c-lnb Toom, Mechanics’ Institute, ’die syllabus item being a card evening. A meeting of the Ballarat and District .Master Earners will be held at the Societies’ Hall' to-morrow tnight at 8 o’clock. Elsewhere tenders are invited for tho purchase of certain fancy goods, from the local repatriation department,. A..M P Buildings. Lydinrd street. The Loreto Convent day school. Daw son street, elsewhere notifies that pupils are prepared for intermediate and leav ing ' certificate examinations. Further particulars are advertised. Harry Davies and Cos. report the open ing of their summer sale as a magnificent success, the huge, well chosen arrays ot bargins attracting thousands to the big store, and no doubt the response again this morning will be a. repetition of yester fiay. The alluring wealth of fashions cau not fail to bo talked of right throughout the district, for the firm have set anew standard for sales—and sale values. Prices have been brought to a level’ ot lowness never touched before. Tho windows dress ed and ticketed, tell their awn'tale of th« hrms eagerness to reduce tho quantity of their immense slocks. J Vllil f r ’ s ; the clothiers, are out with an Vlrar- t la i fc , mu3 t . attract; attention to the Stor \ 3 ! n fridge street. The firm hnvJ c ■ a cutting in prices of oys suits, boys blouses, men’s trous<w=. aats, panamas, boaters, shirts, and other seasonable goods. It is an extra gfiod time nf \r;u n - an /l sc< T r( v t |lo bargains. A glance at Millers the clothiers extensive windows wifi convince anyone that the firm’s offer '? a genuine one. and that the real okf ■lme value For the new-time cut pries holds good. Sfudv tho firm’s advertisement in to-davs issue, and you will see how (he cut prices compare with the former one* 