, PERTH, WE8TERN AUSTRALIA. ' SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1921. TOPICS OF THE BAV. MiR. MITCHELL'S POLICY SPEECH. Little disappointment 'Will have been cauTsed by the Premier's policy speech, delivered at Northam on Thursday nlg-ht, because 'few, if any, had' built up any hope that Mr. Mitchell would 'outline1 anything new in tho way of constructive policy, .which, woula as? slst in restoring tha State to a ?finan-. cial condition. For the most. part the speech . was a . recital./, of..- Par; llamentary and departmental work with which everyone is, more ox lesB, familiar, colored with a claim that his .Government has been responsible for tho banishing; of depression and the restoration of public confidence. Tho Premier also makes a claim to have made provision for about 3,000 unem ployed and 11,000 returned soldiers, this, despite a series of industrial dis location's, which retarded and hain ipered the work of government. No utterance by Mr. Mitchell would ' bo complete without a reiter ation of his cheerful optimism, which allows him ? to vision, at some future unspecified date, a State fully restored to the colvent position it en Joyed .prior to 1911. There is little else in the speech.' He- suggests no specific .remedy for .relieving the financial position, -7 ut says that if his ?policy of land settlement and Immi gration — which, by the way, no sane Government could' afford to neglect is continued,' and all sections', of the community work together, the ledger can toe balanced in the course of years. Whilst. Jt will be admitted that Mr. Mitchell has' Infused some life into the operations of the Lands Department, he. can hevdly take all credit for tho success vhipn has attended the settle ment oi returned men on the land. (Much of lue hard preparatory, 'work ?was dona prior to the date he assumed office, and the money haa'been provid ed from the Federal Treasury. The Government's activities have lain mostly' in the direction of surveying ?and re-purchaaing, and the soldier has come along with Federal money ai^d occupied the holding, very often vacated by someone else, prepared for 'him. Mr. Mitohell also says that the unemployed -problem -has disap peared,' and that 'wages were never higher than they are to-day. But few will take seriously hla claim that his Government is responsible ror tbsso facts, because, in the period of recon struction absorption of the unemploy» ed was a natural process, ? and the. , same conditions ' applied ? in ajl the States. It Is only quite re . cently that the unemployed question has; again forced Itself upon the cities of the- East, follorwlncr- tha cessation of the abnormal trade conditions, which is general the world over. - - ???-'? On the all-imipbrtant question of /fi nance, Mr, Mitcholl has ''little - to say. His optimism, however, allows him to believe that tho reouperative possibili ties of .tho State and its people will eonie. day wipe out the deficit, and all will 'be well again. He points with pride to the fact that a' reduction ; of £2-88,000 was made;: oir last year's 'defi cit, 'and' says this- should fee satisfac tory,', adding' that a further reduction of £100,000 ,will ibe made , next' year. With reduction at such terrific pace, any school --boy will be- able to calcu late' how long it will take to write off the accumulated deflolt; of ; £4,500,000. Mr. .'Mitch ell's remedy. Is- increased ac 'tivlty, and the' use of the railways 6nd harbors, 'but on© of these 'factors, lie'., ' the, railways, is, unfortunately, gradU' ally becoming of less value as a rev enue-producing concern, and the gap between expenditure aM earnings Is ?widening, every year, ?Str. Mitchell conri'dently looks for ward for an endorsement of the .Gov ernment's efforts, and the' opportunity to, control the State's destinies -for. a further three years. But ho (has. . provided scant comfort, and the ? years immediately. ahead will jdoubtlesa toe as politically colorless as those immediately past, 'With the people paying a crippling interest bill ,on a deficit, which is to be decreased at the. rate of a couple .of. hundred thou sand pounds a year, Trust money to Lend In large and' small amounts ? on ? approved security. Lowest Current Rates. Boans Ltd., Estate Agency, Big Emporium, Perth. ' -.--.. Idle and Diwrderly.«*Deemecl jby the local police to ibo idle . and . disorderly persons, having no visible means ', of support, Mary Ahem, Minnie Scaddan and Lena Serrarl appeared before Mr. W. A. G. Walter, R.M., at 'the ? Fre mantlo Police Court yesterday morning Mary Fitzgerald was presented ? on a charge of keeping a disorderly house, namely, tho Alhambra Cafo, situated at Henry-si, Fremantle. Ev.idenco for the prosecution was tendered by P.c.'s O'Neill and Grant, who deposed that- the fli'st three-mentioned accused were known, to the police as being thoroughly immoral . and ihcapabta of any good. Thr| police raids w.ere 'con- duotesi at 1 -o'clock on tho morning of the 27tli. A'horn. Scaddan. and Ser-' rarl were fcuri \ in ittdToornH on ,.tli.e ?premises '.of the AHimnftra .Cafe,.w|th men. The first two were sentenced ' t six1 and 'throe months' imprisonment '-respectively,, but- Serrarl, -vhp stated that' shy- was .oh tiie premises for tho ?purpp'se pf giving some medicine to a Sick relfitlve,' wns ; discharged. Against . Mary 'Fit-sgorald H was alleged :. that she; as the ' 6\yner ' of the Alhambra Cafe, 'kept, that veaort in a disorderly cohd'Uiojv the .lifiune. being frequented ?by wompn of, iU-faine, and was ''con - tlr'ually in a ''filthy/ verminous condl-, tlon. . T.c, GwM'y slated that accused ; was almcid: always' drunk, but re tained su'fflcie.iL control of horself to know to whom, ;ani-! for what purpose., she .-was letting her rooms. , yn-3 HM,'t sentenced the accused to .two months' imprisonment. , ' Now Polioe Inapo'otop. — The ap pointment -' Is - notified' In this week's 'Government Gazette' of Second-class Sergeant John Smith, to be Third-elasa Inspector of Police, from January 1, ' 1021.' ? Foodstuffs and Necessities.— Under the Prices Regulation Act, 'the. Gover nor In Executive Council ? -.haa pro,- ?? claimed the following to be necessary . foodstuffs and . commodities under the Act: — Foodstuffs: Macaroni, vermi celli. Necessary Commodities: Butter boxes, empty, secondhand; hay, hides and skins, household hardware, ice, Ironmongery, furnishing, tar. Dash That Flag.— In this terribly oppressive weather, which broods ad miration of the Intrepidity and cool judgment of trippers .to the North and South Polar regions, jaded citizens have much to complain of. . At such times, over the Palace Hotel, droops a white piece of bunting with a . red centre. Thousands . of different fiaga there are, and they all have their thou sands of admirers, but the 'heat-wave' flag, emblematic of oven-like heat, has not a friend In tho whole of the* city. Even those who. do not know what -it means, look up to it with a- scowl, Beejuiog .to,..3'ense instinctively tho ob jecttohablo nature of, its presence-. and mossase, Great relief is felt when ? ,hls publlo heat Indicator ia lowered n favor of another which tells of cooler lays, Dying to Liver-The 'one - big union' dea has its critics In Britain. With .he heading 'Fable' and the signa ure 'Common Sense,' cards bearing -he following' topical comment on :ome of the wild proposals that have )e.e'n mooted have been circulated in British cities: — 'Once upon a time ;here was a trade union which grew 10 big and powerful that It was ablo .0 absorb all the other trado unions. Ultimately it became known as 'the' jnion, and everybody had to join It. ^ national programme was drawn up, ind a great conference arranged. It ft'as unanimously decided that In the jvent of the national programme be ing refused, a general strike should take place. There was nobody left JUtsido the union, either to concede or refuse the demands of tho national programme, so a general strike bo jan. Everybody In the country stop ped work, and everybody drew strike pay. But there was nothing to buy with tho strike pas', for nobody was making anything, so nobody could sell anything. : Thus everybody died in a desperate attempt to live at the ex pense of -'everybody else,, and the union same to e'n end.' Tho. Search for 01!,— -The quest for 011 Dtill-goes on In many parts of Aus tralia (says the Melbourne 'Age'), an-? It ia hoped that one day tha nation will rojoics at the announcement that one of the lucky prospectors has made tho find which will mean great wealth to the Commonwealth. In each' State, In the Northern Territory, and in New GUin'sa prospectors are now earnest ly at work, boring, testing, and search ing for 'indications,' but although many favorable reports have reached the Department of Home and Terrl tories( and some prospectors have come to announce definitely that they hav« 'struck oil,' the reward of £50,000, to bo paid to the man who first finds oil in payatlo quantities, la still unclaim ed. Recent reports have suggested renewed activity in the search in Wes tern Australia, where there are parties at- work both in the extreme south and the far north. Promising Indications have, 'It Is asserted, b'.en detected In both districts, but the real and eager ly sought foi* find has -not yet boon made.- In tha Northern Territory leases' have' bseh granted and optlmiS' tic prospectors are intent on the search, and in Papua the experts de puted by the Anglo-Persian Oil Com pany, under the tenns of the agree ment with the Commonwealth Gov ernment, are testing new country. ; Starved put of Homer—Pour boys who disappeared from Melbourne ? re cently were arrested at Junee on a Oiargje .of riding on the railways with out tickets. They were fine, sturdy boys, .and told the police sergeant that they left horns because owing to fhe strike they could not be kept there. Their people were too poor to provide for them. Tho polica sergeant com municated, with their reapeotive mo there, and. found th§ boys' story cor reot. ' The polica placed the boys in and H. V; Caoper, and -Mesdamos Cowan and Mellows, in turn expressed thoir deep regret that more adequate accommodation had not been provided. It. was decided to recommend that a verandah be constructed on the west ern side of the detention cells, to pro tect tho children from at least tho af ternoon sun.' Further Improvements, such aa electric fans in Hummer, and stoves .during the winter months, when the premises prove just aa discomfort ing, .'were suggested. Mr. M. Cole man, '^'ho wais engaged in one of the cases; Bald that all he could add to tho remarks 'already made, was: 'This is the first time I have attended the Court and. thank goodness for that.' 1 Fremantla Lumpers^— 'By the bye, what has happened to our old friend, Bill Renton?' (asks 'The Blowfly' in the Fremantle 'Times'). Rumor hath said that the vote recorded at the meet ing of the lumpers when Bill was told to go back to hard 'yacker' was four *o one against, Is this true? Rumor hath said also that the lumpers are getting quite' conservative, and are now declaring that the days of the agi tators are numbered, and that the voice of . the moderate Is now to bo heard in tho land. .If this is true, then 'The Blowfly' . just aays that there ia still so!.4G sense left In union circles, and that some day a truly democratic Labor Party will arise and out of the ashes of dead things a Phoenix will be resurrected .who will speak and act logically, and with an eye focusaed on finer' things will lead Bill Workman ,to .a,, saner state of things than at pre e.en.t exists. . ? ::'*Ugly Men's Association. — The usual ?fortnightly., meeting of tho Ugly Men's Association :waa held on Monday night last, when the following mem bers of the executive were present: — Messrs. Clydesdale (chair), Mann, Barrett,. Downey, Hodge, Levy, Mar tin, Newman, Norton, O'Connor, Rhodes,. Geo. Smith, and.W. F. Ram age. The following, branches were also rQin-eoented by their delegates: — Bayswater,- Belmont, G.uildford, Leed .erville, Ma'ylands, Midland Junction, Nedlands,.-. North Perth, Queen's Park, South Perth, Subiaco.- Apologies vvetfe re'eeived from Messrs. Keyser (South. Perth), Cowden (Leederville), and H; 'Smith (executive).- ? Again a large volume of business was ? trans acted, 91 casos being, dealt with. Dur ing the fortnight financial assistance v/txs given in C3 cases, amounting to £123 6s; bedding, food, etc., was sup plied in .42 cases, amounting to £63 17s Od; and an- amount of £25 15s was granted : for small repairs in several deserving eases. ? . ?' ?-. - .;?;?;—*£ ? — : — '? ' Miss Maud hoyden, the well-known preacher, Will . probably become tho first 'woman curate.' It would be quite a new . thing for a woman to hold' -such a 'position. Miss Royde'n would bo licensed as a 'bishop's mes senger' under the regulations agreed 10 by .'the Lambeth Conference, and slio may bo .the first woman to too so 'appointed.' A woman holding such, a licence is- able to preach, road tho lfis Bon;3 and bo o'n, but ifi not allowed to conduct7 any creed service. ? good homed on district farms. Pictorial 'Record of Prince's TouiV Messrs. Hodder and Stbughton, Ltd* advise ihaving received the following cablegram from London:— 'Publishing middle 'February, by authority Prince of Wales, -big complete .pictorial record Australian. -and Canadian tours toy Renown,. Minimum three hundred Il lustrations/ photographs. Introduction ,jby .-Prince of: Wales urging purchase on. rqehalf Sti Dunstan'a Hospital for ;the Blind,'..- It. is understood the book ?will -be., available in Australia about the middle of April at the price of 9s. Slesviaera and Danish Nationality.— Notification has been received at the Consuitte-General ' for Denmark from the Danish -Foreign Offloe that persona born 'itf -the ? part of -Slesvig returned to Denmark under the Versailles Peaces Treaty, and residing in .a foreign coun try, may be granted Danish citizenship provided 'they, hav.9. not been natu ralised ? in their country of residence. ?Particulars xnay.be obtained from the :Consulate--General of Denmark, ? Mel bourne,1 and from the Danish NConsul ates.. to -Autsiulia and New Zealand. Inadequate Accommodation at Child Von's; Court,*— As Is the case with many other Government buildings,- the quar tero- provided for the children at tha Children's Court, and the Court itself, are entirely unsatisfactory for the pur poses of tho department. The cells, wherein the children are detained pending their trial, are for the most part unprotected from. the fierce rays of the sun.' The building, which Is a wood and iron structure, and In which very little means of ventilation is pro vided, ia like a furnace on a hot day. Similarly, the only ventilation at the Court Itself, which Is situate In the heart of the State Children's Depart ment offices, la provided by two small windows In a casement, rising above ?the low celling. The room Is no more than 20ft. x' 20ft, At a recent sitting, Messrs ,.- A... Lovekln, J. M. Lapsley, 