Big Soldiers' Meeting. LABOR GOVERNMENT AND DIS LOYALISTS. STANDING UP FOR THE UNION JACK. Tho Dorrigo ' Gazette' contains a very lengthy report of a big meeting of Dor rigo soldiers held last v/cclc, when Sena tor General Cox was present by invita tion, nnd given a great reception. Dor rigo, by tho v/ay, sent 450 men to tl|e war. - Mr. R. S. Vincent was Chairman and D-ado a strong indictment of tho Govern ment of N.S.W. for its many evidences of hostility towards roturned men, and its rcpudiatory legisation so far as promises to volunteers were concerned. Ultimately, it was moved and carried: — That this meoting of returned soldiers, wliilo affirming tiie principle that the soldiers' organisation should not be come a political partisan body, registers its opinion that the State Executive should, by propaganda, encourage sol diers throughout tiie country to consoli date forces with a view to giving politi cal support to only tried and proved candidates for Parliament who are pre pared to mete out justice to returned men, and fight for tho redemption of all public promises made to soldiei's during and since the war. General Cox said that Mr. Cann was a returned man and used to have the interests of returned . men at heart. Surely he could be expected to fight for tho soldiers? c The President said 310 doubt Mr. Cann once had the interests of soldiers at heart, but since then his heart had slipped. He belonged to a Party which, seemingly, did not allow a man to havo a heart or head of his own. Although Mr. Cann had promised to support the retention of the act, after, trouble ht ?Broken Hill over the employment of a soldier, he stated in the public press that the obnoxious clause giving soU diers preference would be repealed as soon as Parliament re-assembled. Sol diers could make up their minds that the Act would go by tho board in the very near future. Then there was the Stato Government's hostility towards a public holiday on Anzac Day. That day meant much to returned men, their relatives and friends, and the paltry /vP tl.n TVT? nietvir Trrni-n n i„_ suit to the memory of those who had laid down their lives, to those who had fought to make Australia a nation.. Complaints were voiced in bitter terms respecting tho treatment meted out to soldiers seeking land, and General Cox saitl lie would find out where the trouble was. . He had heard the President's complaints, and- wished to say that ho sympathised with local soldiers. It was a significant fact that it was only from New South Wales that complaints wero received. Tho other States were carrying on alright, but all over Ncw Soutli Wales tho soldiers were dissatis fied with tho treatment they were re ceiving. The Federal Government had advanced more mono}' to New South Wales than any, of the other States, and less had been accomplished with it. Thero seemed to be passive resistance hero to repatriation. ? An inquiry was being made with a view to locating the cause. On the motion of Mr. Harvey, sec onded by Mr. Walsh, it was decided to appeal to business people and others to recognise Anzac Day in a fitting man ner. On the motion of Mr. Maguire, sec onded by Mr. Sinclair, it was resolved to send in a strong appeal and protest against the proposed repeal of the Sol diers' Preference of Employment Act; against the elimination of preference to soldiers at the land ballot box; and against other Acts of omission and com mission by tiie Cabinet, whereby sol diers have been and aro being seriously handicapped and embarrassed. Tlio Chairman finally moved — 'That this meeting of soldiers affirms its loyalty to the Empire; its readiness at all times to defend tho Empire and its institutions; and to uphold its tradi tions. That returned soldiers hero as sembled deprecate disloyal utterances calculated to cause disaffection and sow the seeds of disruption; and are of tho opinion that more stringent measures should bo taken by the proper au thorities with a view to stamping out disloyalty. That the. soldiers, recog nising that Australia can only be de fended and preserved inviolate by peo pling the wide emptj' spaces, warmly approve tho immigration proposals of tho Federal Government, and hope that such proposals will be placed upon a workablo and concrete basis by the Right Hon. W. M. Hughes when he visits London, so that the influx of desirable immigrants may shortly begin. ' That tlio soldiers record tlioir deep apprecia tion of the work of the Prime Minis ter and his Government for them and their relatives, and return their thanks for tho Ministry's due recognition of Anzac Day. That, the foregoing be for warded to the Prime Minister through Senator (General) Cox.' The mover said ho felt suro that the sentiments ex- j pressed mot with tho warm approval of all present. Tho majority of soldiers had no time for the disloyalists or tlioir iittoranccs, and they had 110 time for fliose who were working against immi gration. Whilst overseas, A.I.F. men saw that Australia's great need was population; and population we must liavo if wo really intended to keep Aus tralia. Envious oyes wore cast upon ua from the North; and if wo could not , de- velop Australia and people it, then some other nation would do it for us. . It was -unthinkable that 5,000,000 could de velop tho resources of this country — tho richest in the world. It would liavo 'boon taken from us years ago, but for tho fact that wo wore a part of the British Empire. The mere knowledge that, Australia was part of the Empire was sufficient to keep foreign hands off. ~Wo hadn't held our land by forco of arms, but simply becauso wo wore un der tiie protection of the Union Jack — tho flag that served our forefathers for centuries, and which wo hoped would endure for all time. The link between 11s and the Empire must be preserved, and strengthened, and whilst thero was ?peace and prosperity wo must solve the ?problem of settling the whole empty spaces, which were so attractive to tho hordes of Asia. - General Cox said the mooting could tako it from him that the Common ' wealth Government intended to people Australia. 'Wo had to people it, in the first placo, to koep it, and in tho second to develop it. A commissioner had 'boon appointed; and Mr. Hughes would attend to othor details during his stay In England. It was ridiculous to say that Australia, was Already' sufficiently ?populated; and those men who said tlmr wo had moro peoplo than wo could do ? with wero tho greatest enemies that the Commonwealth had. As the Prosident had said, if wo did not populato Austra lia, some otlior nation .would; and if wo dicf not develop it, then another nation would have the right to take a hand 5ri doing what we could not manage. Australia was the finest country 011 tho face of the globe — nnd sho was in tho Pacific, which was to be tho storin centre of tho future; It was an imperative ne cessity that wo should bo in a position to defend ourselves when the occasion arose. He hoped it never would, but that, of course, depended upon our selves. Ho had heard men say that Australia would bo ablei to defend her self at the prosent time.' Such men must bo fools. ? We could not hold Australia ten minutes without 'the Empire behind us. Ho was glad that the soldiers visualised the real position. Ho could stfc that the lessons of the lato war had not been lost upon them. The soldiers wore prepared to defend the Empire any wherewhere. That was the spirit. There wore some who said that they would fight for tlio enemy when he came hore. Fancy bringing a man here be fore fighting him! Those men wore go ing to invito tlicir enemy into their front parlor to smash things about. Per sonally he would rather fight the enemy in his own house and do tlio smashing about there. We had never had blood sneu 111 uus iair lanu; and wo never wanted it. If we became involved in war, our best plan was to carry the figln. , into tho other man's country, not wait for him to come to this. look at tiie state in which the Germans had loft France. Such a sorry spectaclc should convince all Australians of the wisdom t of fighting outside of Australia if we wero called upon to fight. Mr. Parbury, who seconded the mo tion, said I10 could not understand those who lived within tho Empire, and who were disloyal. Personally, ho thought that they could not bo . deep-thinkers. They were actuated by bias. To give thoso present an idea of tlio light in which England, the centre of the Em pire, was regarded by neutrals in the late war, he would just briefly relate what he had experienced in Denmark. After the armistice he visited Denmark. Tlio leading lights there wero tho great champions of England. They looked upon her as a sort of mother, and had a great longing to bo of the samo nation ality. It was lovely to hear the Danish people speak of England in terms of affoctiou. They regarded her as a model, and the champion of small na tions. It was hard to understand, therefore, how there could be opposi tion to England within tlio Empire. His experiences in Denmark buck,ed him up, and made him prouder than ever of be ing of British stock. He felt that tho sacrifices made by Australian soldiers for the Empire had not been in vain. Ho agreed that there should bo a vigor ous immigration policy. Ho hoped the Prime Minister would make all the ar rangements for a flow of the right type of immigrant. The motion was put to the meeting and carried unanimously. General Cox, in reply to a vote of thanks, said ho would just like to say to the soldiers that he sympathised with them in the matter of their grievances. Ho know that they had grievances — that thoso grievances were real and not ? imaginary. Soldiers all over New South Wales had grievances. The Com monwealth Government was continually receiving complaints, so that the case of Dorrigo was not an isolated one. In this State there appeared to be passive resistance on the part of some body to tlio efforts of the Commonwealth Go vernment to assist nnd help soldiers, nnd it was a strange thing, but the resist ance had only quite recently been noticed. The Commonwealth Govern ment was trying to find out what nnd whore the trouble was. It would find out, but not for some time, as it always took longer to locate passive resistance than active open resistance. In tho Federal Parliament, there were twenty two returned soldiers on the side of tho Government where the soldier was con= cornod. The roturned : men in tho House were watching tho interests of tho returned men generally. The Fed eral Government, and all thinking men, realised that if the Australians had not gone away to fight, this country would not havo remained in our possession. There wore many, he knew, who pooh poohed the idea of Australia passing un der the foreign yoke; but had the Aus tralians not taken their part in -the war it would have done so. Tho speaker said that Australians Bliould not sleep on their laurels. The world was not at peace yet. It was still in a disturbed state. There was an air of uncertainty, and it might culminate in anything. We had to keep our eyes open and watch things. Australia was a land worth possessing — it was regarded as a groat prize — which it really was. Wo should bo prepared to keep it. In conclusion, General Cox paid a tribute to the Prime Minister. He said that Mr. Hughes was the soldiers' friend. Ho always fought for the soldior, and always would. The Prime Minister was one whom the soldiers could trust for ho would see that they got a fair deal. Both pri vately and publicly, Mr. Hughes al ways defended or championed the cause of the soldior, and ho always would. In cidentally, General Cox mentioned that this State had had more money for re patriation purposes from tho Federal Government than any other, and had dono less with it. Victoria was doing twice ? as much. It seemed to him that something'' was wrong somewhere — just where remained to be' discovered. — Ab- ridged from Dorrigo 'Gazette.' 