AUSTRALIA'S " OUTLOOK. V.'hiU- painting a picture of Austra- litr.t proFporitv and promise before :i large gathering of journnliats in Syd ney on Tuesday. Sir Dcniaon Miller did not torgct to cmpfiriibe tbe. grave force-, which rucr.nce some of our im portant industries. The production of «ur'j primary wcnUb as meat, butter, and metals, he pointed out, is being stilled by adverse oversea markets. Lust week the Commonwealth Govern ment made an offer to the firm cf Vcs- itey Drotlicrs for n large quantity of meat to be delivered as a contribution i from Australia to the Russian Relief Fund; but apart from that order, which I is valued at £50,000, the ment exported ! from this country has mostly had lo fnec ri slumping market. For some time past il.e state of the market for butter hns also been giving concern to pro- ducrrs in this coim .-y, and the reccul decision of the British Government to disport- of its accumulated stocks of iiti'ter hns brought the matter to n crisis Tlic export butter tr I. of the Comni' nwculth, winch is wort.i many miliioi'.i of pounds sterling a your, hns suffer ul through faulty grading and pachii c. und lias thereby given an ad- vnuta;; to its rival Danish product. But of ail the precarious industries In which hir uonison Miller drew atten. lion, none is In a worse condition than tho iron and allied trades. The drop in <hc oversea metal market, together with Hie high cost of production in Australia, is closing the metal mines, blast furnnccs, and mill nt Broken Hill and elsewhere, and is causing the dismmal of hundreds of workers frotr the shipbuilding yards of the Common wealth. These great industrial field?, which uutil recently disbarred millions cf pjiuifls carh year In the form of wages, nre now mostly lyiug idle, aud in some cases are even thrcuk-acd with extinction. The relatively high wages paid in Australia are causing difliculty 1m several directions. Kitglish nnd Welsh coal, for instance, has recently been landed In Melbourne nt n price below that which is paid for a similar article from New .South Wales. A little while ngo Australian coal could under sell the English product in England after travelling 12,00(1 miles to mar ket; but that- position hns now been r.'imj Itlely reversed, and we are suf fering great loss. I But Kir Dcnison Miller docs not re- gard' these industrial difficulties as the chief features of Australia's outlook. Ihcy am the dark background against which the more eliccrful facts stand nut hopefully — the sumbre foil which throws our prosperity into clearer re- liof. The people of Hie Commonwealth, he points out, are surprisingly thrifty. V.i Commonwealth loans they have iu. vested 270 millions, and in Htutc loans I(>:i millions, while 155 millions arc in fixed deposit at the general banks and 153 millions at- the saving hunks, thus making n grand total of 741 millions invested. In fact, Sir Dcni son reckons that if the Commonwealth nnd States combined to carry out the scheme of unifying the gauges of the railways of Australia, there would bo little difficulty in borrowing the onm for that vast undertaking in Australia. Hut while such a work would benefit the commerce of the country, nnd would absorb mnuv of the unemployed, he considers that a more pressing duty for the nation is the encouragement of immigration. In strongly advocating a policy on the lines laid down by Sir Joseph t'flrrmhers, he remarks that in all the main States there are literally jnillicnv of cultivable aeres awaiting settlement. And he docs not consider that the term "desert" lairly de senhes even the interior of our half, empty continent. Some time ago Sir Kdgcrorth David said that there were very few tracts in Australia that could not b» put to some profitable use. Sir Dcnison Miller adds his testimony to that belief, and reminds us tlint Mr Lc Socnf. of Sydney's Zoological Hardens, ha esiimated that :>00,0flfi.yo0 birds r.nd animals get a living off the Nulla, bor rinin. through which the Trans- ewitiiinial railway runs. Australia is a lan-I of almost unlimited resources and p>-tsihiitics, and when it is fully rnsnned and fairly worked its great, res will he assured. 