RED-REVOLT. T QUELLED BY NEPTUNE. IIow a storm at nea thwarted plots ot I!nd!cal deportees to take over command of tho steamer Esthonia of the Balkan American lino on which they were being shipped to soviet Russia by tho the United States Government was re- lated by Hi J. Skefiington, assistant commissioner of immigration, who accompanied tho RedsVn. the trip (says tho "Boston Transcript" of,, tho 2nd April).; Mr. Skefiington, who returned to Boston from his mission- on tho Adriatic of the "White Star line, said the thoughts of tho- malcontents changed from Sovletism to senslckness as tho vessel tossed: two days in a violent gale. ' "They lost 'all courage und forgot all about their plans for setting up a little Soviet of their own op tho steamer," lio said/ They were mighty glad to lc-ave tlio command of the Esthonia in tho moro capable, hands of Captain Chrlstensen for the remainder of f lie voyage." "TIGRESS" ASSUMES LEADEI- . . SHIP. Tho Esthonia' left Hobokcn on 1st February, including among her pas sengers the Radicals who had been as sembled at Deer Island. Air. Skefflng-. ton said the steamer was hardly beyond tlio 3 mile limit before the trouble be gan. ' "Amokig the .Kussians was a woman named Rosa Oradovslcy who turned out to bo a veritable tigress. She under took charge of the Rp'ds, wns accepted as .their leader and promptly began to demand hotter accommodation than" the third-class quarters that had been allotted to them. . "Our distinguished people are leaving your rotten country and we deservo first class passages," she was quoted' as saying. , Captain Christensen told her she and her fellow travellers would have to get along \vltli the . accommodation they lmd, Rosa called an Indignation meet ing In the steerage quarters and she and her followers set about to win 409 Russians on the steamer on thoir side. litis was accomplished with littlo djfll- culty, accprding to Mr. Skefiington. lladionls-nnd their sympathisers JJSfif forjn?a committees and again waited oil tho captain. Backed by Air nth0' capt"ln denied their lequest for first .cabins, but In order to placato lliem ho assigned 16 second sidrtkr13 to kot satis- 17 IL si. canc8s'ons. Rosa and :L., 0 radicals proclaimed them- thov wonhi'Ci(lif'3 nntl announced that they would take over the ship. DRAWS DECK DEADLINES. Captain Christensen informed her that the steamer flew the Danish flag and that tho crew of 200 would resist any attempt at insurrection. Ho caused white chalk lines' (o bo drawn on tlio port and starboard dcck3 near tho radicals quarters and stationed armed guards with orders to shoot the first person that dared trespass beyond tho designated point. Air. Skefiington said that lie was seriously considerlhg sending a radio call for help when 200 Germans, who were also passengers on tlio steamer informed the captain that they were ready to .aid him in the event of trouble. Rosa, had set u time limit In which Captain Christensen could give up tho command of the Esthonia "without bloodshed," but a few hours heforo tlio timo storm clouds appeared, the wind roso and soon tlio ship wns rock ing In a heavy sea. . Tito first to suc cumb to tlio discomforts of seasick ness was Rosu, according to Air. Sltef- flngton, and It wasn't very long heforo the others were similarly discommoded. "Aftor that the radicals contented themselves with arguing the differ ences between anarchism nnd soviet- Ism, he said. "Rosa's leadership was threatened as the steumer drew near Danzig because of iter views. She refused to join in a telegram of greet ing to the soviet government which was sent at Danzig, becau3o she said site was against all governments. ESCORTED ASHORE BY SOLD1ERS. "At Libnu 11 lieutenant In tlio Lat vian army camo on hoard and, an being .Informed of the trouble at sea, sent for soldiers and escorted tho de portees to a train which was lo tak" them to Riga." Air. Skefiington said lie was tolil hat the soviet government was execut ing all avowed anarchists, lie said tlio 17 anarchists In tlio party ail learned this and did not seem to relish their trip to Russia. On his way hack, Air. Skofilngtim stopped olt in several European couu- trios, where he said It seemed to him as if every Ono wanted to coriio to this country. Accompanying hint on the trip of the "second soviet ark" wero Victor Hag- berg, in charge of Immigration de partment men: Mr. J. Cunningham, a Deer island deputy, and Cornelius Keating, n Boston attorney, all of whom accompanied tlio lteds to Ho- bokon. On leaving Deer island I ho Russians naked that their love be given i to the American people, excepting I "officials arid the rich oppressors or I tho American people." 