MUSIC AND DRAMA. The preliminaiy. preferential booking for tlio Clara Butt-KcnncTley Rumford concert season has been so good Uint tho success o? tho Rrifcliano .visit is already assured. Tho ordinary box, plans open at 'Paling's on -Moudny morning, when' there is every indication uf another big rush fur seats. The opening concert takes mac© next Saturday night, at His Majciity's Theatre. In addition to Grac© Torrcn. the noted pianfet-composcr. Darn© Clara Butt and Kcimcrlcy Rumford will liny© associated wtUi them Daniel Mclao, tho celebrated Polish violinist. Melsa nv- rived in London a few months before tho . war hrokc out., and i now regarded as. worthy of inclusion' amongst tlio world's" 'great players. Scones of wild enthusiasm marked tho conclusion of thi IiCvitskiV farowell con-', ccrt in Sydney recently. Mischa Ivitzki speak with unalfcctcd pleasure or hi Australian tour, and without dofinitV plans, ho hope to return hero "in a year or two if possible." . . Mil; Beatrice Holloway, who is play ing leading part .in tarcc comedy at Cromornc 'fheatre, in cuujunction with" her husband, Mr. Robert Ureig, Itas'not appeared in Brisbano sinco Alio t played- leading lady with Mr. Fred Niblo, iji "Get Rich Wnlliuglord." Miss Hoi- luwsy in making her rcappcaranoo in the part'of Zoic, in "Baby Rlino," which part he originated in Australia, and played with enormous success at Lh© Criterion Theatre, Sydney. Since sho war last hon?' Mien Holloway played a long starring fca&on; in South Africa. Mis Holloway J comes from probably our most famous I theatrical family, tier father, Chorlej 1 Holloway, wo one of our finest actor i aud managers, and her aunt, Miss Nellie. Stewart, is another of our famous Aus tralians. Mis IMlowny's earliest succmij was ns a child in "Two Littlo Vaga bonds," in which she mado a> noiobl© uc- ccss. Next week Mis Beatrico Holloway and Mr. Robert Greig will bo featured in tho 'short comedy drama, "Kitty No body." .Another intorcsting number will bo a whimsical fantasy, cirtiUod, "A. Tooth for a Tooth." Miss Minnie Everett, ballet mistress ol J. C. Williamson, Ltd., arrived in Sydney , recently by tho Sonoma, after having visited London, l'uria, and Now- York. Sho said that "Cairo," tho muoh-critioisoc . Oscar Ascho play, was first producod in Aniorica ns "Mecca." The chango in its name was offected in England, in dof©r- / ono© to religious fcolings. "I saw 'Mecca' at Boston, sho continued. "A foatur® of tho show was tho wonderful Bacchanalian ballet, and I hope to work a similar item into ono of our early productions.!' Mus Minnio Everett, who no boon' abroad seeking pantomime novoltios, appeared in many comic oporas, usually in dancing part, before alio took up ballot instruc tion and related work. For a number or year Miss Evcrott was -with tho RyaJ Comic Opera Company in its Gilbert and Sullivan productions nnd other musical plays. Grace Terrene, Iho pianist with Dome Clara Butt, nnd Konnerloy RumTord, who («ro to njpear shortly tn Brisbane, had 'a uniquo oxperionce. Sho travellod all. the ivay from England and was ablo ti visit, a 'theatre and hear omo of hor own composition. 1' or iMis Tbrren I a ooni- |H>Rcr as well ns a pianist, 'and sho h'm responsible for soveral of tlio- principal number in "Chu Chin'Ohow," (ho J. G. - .Williamson revival of which, at Hor Ma jesty's Theatre, Melbourne, she greatly onjoyed. Miss Torrens also composed, for htr. Oscar Asohe the Tfiuafc of "Eastward Ho," which was ri-agod in Londoo. A good voice, good looks, and stage prosoncG. and . fcoling and temperament arc not often all om'bodiod in ono singer, but such bo claimed for Enrico Palmetto, tho Danish tenor -now AtaTriDg at the Em pire Theatre. Wbcn ringing 111 his own lnnguago or Italian or French, he seems to givo his poetic fancy full rein and. in- vests his songs with a spirit and vorv© that reveal the true artist. Ho is tlio best tonor hoard in vaudeville sinco Ca- pclli. : Dr. Raymond, the Canadian hypnotist, whofo showing at tho Elite Theatre, is ono of tho clovorest exponents of magic nnd Iiypnotism that Brisbano ho ever seen. - His work is clean, new, and enter taining. H Ja tlio first show that ha com© to Brisbano where ono man enter- tains ainglo handed for two and a half hours, without thero bring ono dull moment. Magic and humour are happily blended to make up a programino of rare excellence. ; Signor Malinori, operatic tonor, and his vivacious Australian-bora wife— Mits Kitty Checkett, of Adofoido— have re turned to Australia after an extensive tour of. tlio East, bringing a wonderful collection of curios and stories of strange lands and oven stranger pooplo. These world-famous singers havo wen, engaged by tho management of tho Tivofi Theatre for a brio! soason, which will commence at a dato to be announced through those, columns shortly. Tho operatic duo havo just returned from a triumphant tour, abroad, and are now at tho zenith of their form. ' A gala night will bo held at Cremorn® Theatre next Friday (Armistice night) in the proeonco of his Excellency the Gover nor (Sir Nathan, G.C.M.G.) and other leading and distinguished citizens. Tho entertainment will tako the ' form of , a lioneflt to aid the eoldiors' Ohrisbmos box funds freo ward for returned soldiers in St. Martin' hospital. Tho -'TVwn Topics" will present a special programme. Sinco Damo Clara. Butt sang io 'Aus tralia before the war, the passing years havo enhanced tho beauty of her voice, always phonomcnol in its range, depth, and dramatic power. Wider .exparieneo, and tho war suffering which taught alt musioians deeper humanity, havo laid their mark upon ono who did not spare, herself in tho effort to help and enter tain tho fighting men. Special montion is made by tho Fuller management of tho advent this wook to tho jrapiro Theatre of Miss Jomiio Hart ley, claimod to bo tho highest paid fomalo artisto iu Australian vaudeyiUo to- day Mis Hartloy will bo woll remembored in Bris bane for her inimitable ringing of "You'd bo Sunirisod," in tho J. C. Williamson- pnntomimo, and since that timo sho ha added fresh laurefo to hor fame, both in .pantomimo and vaudcvillo. For tho past few . months sho has been louring tho Fuller's New Zealand houses, ana has /beep responsible for' record, business and 3jjftJ6hgod seasons in . edch of the four :Nq other artist sinco Daisy fJeronie-Kae achieved. the success, in Aus- ' trillan ;,vmi devil !e to tho credit of Miea a smart, drc&aer;, but' docs gowns lo "mako hor 'jrift-y: forfit'-foihor irresiMiblo . pci-sonality htYffrijnoi-her-aucli a unique fav- 'burit' vH' opOpiiig programino .will in- .claiaAbwdljiow bong,' "Tho Last Train . 0 t>p t ifcVt-i 8;-: tlio > eo ij g which has ;:cqT''fovboculiar!y' associated with' tho name of' Jennlo Hartley, namely, "Yoii!d be 'fiurprisod," 'which most people will- ' want to hear again this week. Miss Hart ley's sscnson at tho Empire is limifod/' 'Paasoriccrs ' by tho Orsova, whiuk brought l)nmo Clara Butt and Mr» Ken- rerloy Rumford to Australia, -tell of-. a remarkable concert given on board by' the distinguished Englfou ringer. Stand ing -in tho -saloon of the nig liner, the .gteat contralto sang the hest of the son?s in her repcrfoiro down tlio well to tho steorago pnesunger who were assembled ; to hear her. Tne immigrants were of all races, including many Italians, to whom the exquisito'arb of tho singer wis a re minder of their homeland. With Mr. 'Kerincriey Rumford, Darce Clara Butt rendered "The Key of Heaven," and . when «he gave "Land of Hope and Glory"., the enthusiasm of tho passengers was. (re- msndous; . . . . 