DAIRYING INDUSTRY. OPTIMISTIC - VIEW GF FUTURE. . At g. meeting of those interested in dairying and other producers, held in the Wpst Maitland Town Hull on Sat-1 urday afternoon, Mr. C.E.D. Meares, general- manager of the Coastal- Far mers' ?; Co-operative Society, Ltd., spoke on the prospects of the dairying indus Ir'v. Tho attendance -was smi*!!. ..--'? ? After briefly referring to the benefits of co-operative organisation, and the need for concentration, ? Mr. Mearos said there, were two 'questions to '.be considered — how far the war had affect ed the dairying industry, and to .wliat extent the war's aftermath had influ enced it. He dealt with the negotia tions for the disposal of the butter, sur plus in 1917 and.the eventual- sale to the .British Government. During— the whole time -the ? British Government wns taking their butter there was no delay in payment. One year the butter ?real-sod - mere than they sold to the British 'Government i'°r, uut that Gov ernment gave them back 50 per cent. of tho profit. Compared with wheat and wool, the butter had been in a good position. The aftermath of . war was world-wide in its significance . and Us incidence. Wages hnd gone up and the dairying industry had. to -.face .new awards. Great assistance had been re ceived from the families, but now that had lessened or entirely disappeared. Whether it was due to education or not he could not say, but tho.fnc$ re mained that the dniryman^ had. to go to the open market for labour. What chance did he have of getting an ample supply of suitable labour in competition, with t'io city with its shorter hours and its allurements? Ano ther problem was 'transit; nil freights had increased. In addition there was the difficulty of finance, which * the world had to f.-irn «. ? a definite. policy was being pursued , by the bnnks at tho present time, and he thought it was right. They were enforing a system of economy, and he hoped -.it would' be forced on the. Government so tliat it would on'y'denl with necessary works. They were some, of the handicaps they had to face. They were now away from the beneficial buying of the Bri tish Government and pools, and had to face an open market. They should now endeavour to retain control of the sale of their products. Orio factor was the local market, and he knew of no country: where consumers, were better supplied, either as to quantity or qua lity. There was a need to develop that market, and to do that they would want greater population. One avenue of counteracting the disturbing in uuences of. the present time was to, in crease production. He would like to see a continued system of immigration. Their local market for six months of the year was governed by prices in London, and for the other six months ?by prices in other States. During the war conditions in England were such ?that the people got away' from eating butter and had to take to margarine. While butter remained high they con tinued on margarine. Large stocks of butter had accumulated, and they were now being informed that prices were falling. He did not view that with alarm; he thought it a Wessrhg for it -vyould' probably bring the People back to butter. When they could get butter 'easily they would not eat mar garine. . . - ; Mr. Meares stated that, e'even co operative societies in Australia had formed a federation and had decided to establish a selling floor in Tooley-street, London. Tooley-street of London was the Sussex-street of Sydney. He, was one of those chosen to go to England to establish the. floor, and he dealt ex tensively with his visit. Australian trade had 'suffered because it had fall en jnto the hands of speculators, there having been nobody there to look after it. The London' market that governed the Australian prices was the free and easy London market. The ?'establish- ment of the selling floor would, he was sure, give them better conditions. The co-operative movement in England had developed to - a wonderful extent, and they had arranged to sell to a large co operative organisation there. That was a great blessing, for it would do away with the middleman. He saw no rea son to depart from the optimistic view which he had previously taken up re garding tiie dairying industry. There wei'e various economic chnnges pressing heavily oh ' the nian on1 the land in Australia. - He' ould -not depart; from them, but he could do much to allevi ate'- theni:' ; Having established, them selves ??in. London, they, had become- a definite' commercial identity. -He -ex- pressed ..the ? i opinion , that Australian butter: was -better than Danish, . but the -Danes '.- had ? standardised .. their . brand, whereas- the. multiplicity, of brands ^as a -handicap to !? Australian . butter.. Ho again expressedi a, lippef uf future' ~6f the industry, and . ./urged :. producers 40- stick to tlie^ cooperative; movement.; He. also deait.l'wiih' tlie.co^operalive insuranca they had inaugurated. , .: . . ; : :'ln '.reply;' to'' qu&tions;? ^ ? Mr-v Moa^es said: the selling floor' in' London would not' stick to butter, but would deal witJi all primary products. Dairying, ? ho Wd, .was a;'big thing and wbrth'.'fight i'n'g ? ifor, bu't'they' woula' have Ho com bine to control 'the -enle : of '??their; Pro ducts'. ''''?'''.-;'.-?'? :;;'.''-'-' ??'.'?'';?'?? ??-?-':' ?..:'?.'.-- 