BUBAL TOPICS. "^v^ r vTj^.4lgjrJq>^ the southern States is jirgently "needed. The ground is still warn, and good rains would ensure pasturage through the win ter months, while if long delayed frosts will prevent any growth. .In northern districts oats are being sown for hay. This is late in the season for oats. Some farmers have sown wheat, particularly in districts whqre the ground is too hard for fallowing. Most farmers are waiting for rain to germinate the weed seeds; and the growth will be ploughed in to make a clean seed bed for the wheat. Prospects ore favourable for a change, as a low pressure,^rea is situated off central .'Western Australia, and is work ing towards |jbe eastern States. Referring to the address given by Senator Guthrie to the members of both Houses of the Commonwealth Parliament on April 29,- in which Senator Guthrie disapproved of the suggestion that only a two-months' trial be given to the scheme of proposed control, the Acting Prime Minister (Sir Joseph Cook) said next day that he did not think the Government would agree to an extended period. The scheme would have to be tested within six months, when the new clip would be due, and it would, therefore, be necessary to review the whole position. It would be unwise for "the Go vernment to tinker with this problem foi^ any length of time. It was a matter that must be scltleddcfinitely, and settled soon. A statement issued by the Common wealth Dairy Produce Pool "Committee shows that the quantity of butter placed in the Imperial contract was .1,481,886 boxes, or 37,047 tons]T of an aggregate value of £10,243,816. Of the total quantity, Vic toria supplied 516,635 cases, New South Wales. 445,784 cases, Queensland 421,288 cases, South Australia 64,315 cases, and Tas mania 33,864 cases. At March 31, the date of the cessation of the contract, 1,207,525 cases had been shipped to Great Britain, and 274,361 cases were' in store awaiting export. At the game date, 43,534 cases had - still to be paid for, of which £187,063 was due to Queensland producers, £109,491 to New South Wales, £2,272 to Victoria, and the balance of £468 to Tasmanian> fac* tories. - The chairman, of the State Water Com mission (Mr. Catianaqh) issued a report on May 2, stating ^hat the main storages of water "are holding out well." There are still 118,000 'acre-feet stored 'at Waranga, and 20,000 acre-feet' at tbe Goulburn Weir. Pj'ke's Creek and Melton'reservoirs, which supply Bacchus Marsh_mid WerWbee, are in a satisfactory state, although the dry season,is having some effect on the aihount of water available. In the Coli.bgn dis trict, there are 20,000 acre- feet out of a possible 35,000; and; unless there 4b, a Tall of rain the position will have to be care fully watched. Work is proceeding satis factorily at the River Murray, too men being employed at the Torrurabarry Weir, and 150 at the'Hume Weir, which is the key-work of the whole Murray &cheme.; Further progress was made on April 27 with the organisation of the Victorian divi sion -of the New Settlers' League, when committee meetings-presided over by Alder man H. Hitchcock (mayor of Geelong) and Mr. *€. F. Crosby were" held in Mel bourne. It was decided that the mayor.or president - of all country municipalities should be asked to take up the movement niid proceed with the formation of branches ifttlieir districts. The first fdUr country bjancherto totablished'^ll;,be at- Bal larat, Bend igo",'Geelong, anil Warchambool. Honorary oigamrcrs and spealters are to be invited -to assist the council; of the league and the lcealbocfiesin the initiation of the branches. It . was also resolved that a public meeting sbouldbe held at an early date to' :naugurate. the Melbourne and metropolitan branch of the league. "Having in view that the immigration movement aims to introduce rural workers and settlers for the land, the activities of the" city branch wilt be devoted to the reception and wellbeing of the hew arrivals between tbcTime when they disembaik and tlifeir de parture by train to the country. The view held by the Prime Minister that steps should be taken. to check the ex port of inferior produce which may damage Australia's reputation in markets abroad, is supported by traders. Ttoiat some of the flour shipped to South Africa., and made fropi imact-quifl^ its de stination .in .ba'd/cbnditionf appears To be ; tuidouuted^butit is jmttsidei^ TbaL much of the complaint is due to thp decline in the world's wheat markets' iat the time the flour was received. Most of the troublc'arose. when Canada offered a first- grade flour at a price only a few pounds in excess of what the secondary quality flour cost Afri-, can buyers, with the result that the better article was favoured. It must not be for gotten that early last year South Africa was sorely in need of flour, and represent tations were made to the Federal Govern ment for supplies, but owing to the drought of the preceding season, it was considered necessary toeonServe .Stocks of wheat for home consumption.''Subsequently, how ever, a large1 quantity of B grade wheat, which was sold .for esport, became avail able, abd this wheat was.offered to millers to grist in order tb ke^p the mills working. South ^frica^uM nffcTO^our made from wheat of this quality,Tnndiargc quantities were* sold therei ^s ibCflo^rvjjhsiness was betvcen the^uyer ^nd^ller, thO wsmarka of Mr. Hugl»e| lh iejpird j^jcom|iemuition aresomerrhst Hgue, Ttotmaioetohhs re sulttomsh wvyriwscs bqr both Squtb'-Alri can gad Auej^li^tipd0ra..Both parlies should atandup to their jpntraotybukif \- t ^ :,:• n;—^«w,*v yi wpotMngiiojar lately unfitted for:auoh * purpose, then they ought to be brought to-book] Jt is expected tJiat the Queensland cotton. OTOp this year will amount to 400 tons of seed cotton, which should produce about 133 tons of-lint and 266 tons of seed. The. final official returns of the New South Wales wheat* harvest' for the season 1920 -21 show that, the yield was 18,468,000 bags from 3,124,379 acres. "The highest yield was 21.2 bushels per acre, on the north-western slopes, and the lowest 15.8 bushels,.on the south-western slopes. The average yield for the whole State—17.2 bushels per acre is the highest since 1903-4. . At a meeting held on April 26 the Young branch of the Graziers' Association con sidered the demands Uy shearers, and it was , decided to urge memlicKs. of graziers' asso ciations throughout the State to refuse the exorbitant demands.. A number of graziers expressed themselves as willing to go to any part of the State to shear sheep or work as. shed hands in eases where shear ing was held up. A well-known Jersey breeder of Wlian garoi. North .Auckland (N.Z.), reports Weekly Press/'-has landed in Auckland a small lot of Togg^nbury goats. These goats are a special milking, strain, used largely m ,Sw itzerland for dairy .purposes. Mr. Hill, the importer of these goats, has brought out five full- grown animals and six -•rids, the latter having been born on the voyage. Of two gpats bought for the Zealand Government,,one died on the way out. Cable messages advise that the London butter market is demoralised. Danish is °fb£T,R f4 2!0/ per «"*-.• arid free Argent ine at 220/, but buyers are withholding from the market hi the expectancy oflower prices, borne Melbourne shippers have offered to supply London buyers with Queensland butterwt 106/ f.o.b., but their agents^ad vise inat they canuot sell or obtain even a rea sonabje Jiid. Great Britain appears to be the xmly outlet for exporting countries, as Denmark is shipping practically all its sur plus butter to the United Kingdort/ A pamphlet has been issued by the De partment Agriculture of New South stales on the safeguarding of farm slock from disease. I.'n the principle.that' pre vention is bctler than cure, the importance of g Fe4er.il yet-unary t-HTite to prevent toe intrediiction of infectious diseases is emphasised. The freedom of Australia from rabies, glanders, &c.;, is attributed to effi cient veterinary precautions, while anthrax is. euccasslully controlled. Method* for pre ventingi.be spread of diseases fiom.faim to /arm arc outlined md practical information given on the proper feeding of firm stock.' At a largely attended meeting of graziers and farmers, reports "Otago Witness" (N,Z.)# it was decided that a general re duction in wages for farm and station hands should be brought about, and the following scale was agreed on:—Crutehers, 11/ per 100; shed hands, 1/ per hour; shep herds, 30/ per week; drovers, 15/ to 25/ per day, station cooks, 30/ to 40/ per week; cowboys, 20/ to 25/ per week; ploughmen, 50/- per week; station hands, 25/ per week; married couples, £80 to £100 per annum; casual labour 1/ per hour; harves ters, 1/3 per hour. f In referringto the agitation for a reduc tion in the price of wheat for home con sumption, a member of the State Minis terial party said recently that he did not agree with Mr. Pitt, manager bf the wheat board, that wheat could not be imported from America for less-than 9/ a bushel. As a matter of fact, be said, the price of wheat had been quoted- at 4/3 at Chicago,, and was even lower for July delivery, verse exchange, freight, and othbr Oosts Would amount to 3/1 or 3/4 a bushel, and even the import duty would 'got prevent American wheat from comjMtiiag"'against' Australian wheat for home consumption. Substantial progress made .during recent years by the Royal Agricuiturttl Society .' . of N .S.W. was disclosed when -ihe'report, and balance-sheet for thfi year ended-lie-' cember 31 were presented to membefs ^ The revenue from ell sources, including' the 1920 show, was £54,001, an increase of £15,000 on the preyious best returns, and more than three times as great as the in come in 1906, but, ,jUB the president (Sir Samuel Hordern). pointed out, the outlay in wages, upkeep, and general expenses |y»d increased in proportion, the amount being £47,154. . The sum of £5,148 was writ-' ten off for depreciation, and the balance ^was transferred to the accumulated funds. Revenue" from the ebow. itself from all sources was £44,000, and the profit was about £19,000. Interviewed by the Australian Press As sociation regarding -the wool discussion in the Federal Parliament Rouse, Melbourne, - a Loudon /ithporter said: —''Australia, will makq a hopeless mbtake df .she attempts t o sMUe ttic wool ,diffictiIty ,by\legiBlatioi»,. especially in the direction .of %toppintt whip, menta. It will lie useless to keep the wool in Australia. The bnly bopb ldr the trade is .to export. 1 approve of ,tlio suggestion to sell wool to impoverished countries on long credits. Ibis method will undoubtedly rid of much stock, for there is a- great Mtprtage throughout the world/ ^specially in-. Ueutral Europe, pf moderate-priced; made-up , material, tlba. suggestion that Australia sliould purchase *11 the other wool is Impracticable, tat -1*? "fw? flie tnonerto «f \ApriI elosin^Tbis will ;pi^S»alfljr mean ihid Bawra's offerings wOl be well cleared."- • Prime bullocks' from Jingellic Station, eent to Melbourne last Vftxk, failed to get a bid. The bullocks were Sent back to tlio owner. This is the first time that this has happened to stock from Jingellic. The International Agricultural Institute at Boinc icpirts' that in France 12,138,000 acres Jiava been sown with wheat (108 per cent, of the average); 2,052,000 acres with rye; .and 1,849,000 acres with oats. The aroa Gown with winter wheat in Bulgaria is 2,18J,U30 acrea. The conditions of cereals in Belgium, Bulgaria,' Spain, France, Italy, Japan, North Africa, and the U.S.A. is 'elated to be generally good. In a statement on April 30 the chairman of the Water Commission (Mr. Cattanacb) said that satisfactory progress was being made at the Bed Cliffs Soldier.Settlement, where 3,000 out of 15,000 acpes had been cleared. Over 13,000 tons of- firewood had been obtained, while a quantity of- posts would be sold to the returned men at rea sonable rates. Every effort., was being made to have the second batch of allot ments available by June. The Department of Statistics, India, has issued its second 'forecast of winter oilseeds for, the 1920-21 season. The total area under linseed is reported to be 1,784,000 acres, as compared with 2,323,000 acres for 1019-20, or a decrease ol 23 per cent. The area sown to rape end mus tard is estimated at 2,793,000 acres, against 3,588,000 acres for the preceding season, or a decrease of 22 iter cent. In most instances the ~ decrease in sowings is owing to unfavourable weather, the want of rains being general. The American merino breeders have an association of 730 members, including 60 new flocks in the last year. It has decided not. to accept for record sheep from other merino associations after June 1 next, ex cept with the approval'of the pedigree com .mittee. . The association has joined the So ciety of Record Pure-bred Association. The prize money subscribed to the Ohio State Fair was made up to £100, and will be raised to £150 if the State Fair Board will give an equal amount. The members are urged to assist in founding sheep clubs for 6chool children. A (joint meeting of the councils of' the PaBtoralists' Association of Victoria and the Pastoral ists' Union of Southern Riverina roag; held in Melbourne last Fri day, at which, amongst other -natters, con sideration wgs~ given to the wool situation. Details of the scheme evolved by the con ference between Bawra and representatives of the wool interests, on Mareli 17 last, for the stabilisation of wool values, and par ticularly- the resolutions then agreed to with regard to regulation of quantities to be ,offered of carry-over and 1920-21 clip wool respectively and the fixing of reserve limits, .were carefully noted, and received the full approval and support of the joint councils. It was recommended that woolgrowers should do all in their power individually to give effect to the proposals agreed to, in order to bring about the stabilisation of the wool market. The decline in the prices of commodities in Great Britain during February, ac-~ cording to the index numbers of the "Statist," was -7.2 per cent, as against 4.9 per'cent, for January. The general Index number for February is 1153 per cent, above the average for 1913. and 27.1 per* cent, below the average for last year. Expressed as a percentage of 1913, which is taken as 100, prices in the United Kingdom at the end of 1920 were up to 295.3 per cent. In the United States^ on the .same basis, the comparison at the end of last year, was 197.2 per cent., against 100 per cent. Canadian prices "had rfeeh to 246.2 per cent., and in Japan 257.9 per cent, was reached. Italy is shown to. have, suffered the most, the 1920 percentage being 6*24.3, while France caitne secobd at 509.3 per cent. Advices from New York, dated March 7, state that the sowing of spring wheat ,in the United States had begun over a lgrge area, and under favourable ayspices, san^the\«>ndition of winter wheat had beepgood. Export sales of wheat bad been of noteworthy volume, and stocks were substantially less than those of last year. The officially reported export able surplus of 120,000,000 bushels of wheat in the Argentine was regarded by some authorities as excessive, and it was known that India was restricting the ex port of this cereal.. On the other hand Europe had been buying Argentine wheat at under American prices, and the quan tity of wheat in farmers' hands -in the United States was believed to be much laiger than usual at that time of the season. Representatives of {he .dairy companies Queensland conferred at Brisbane last we with the Queensland and New South Wal Butter. Pool committee on natters cc nccted with an agreement required for t working of the butter pool.- .It was e trounced that all t^e factories in Queer land, with.one exception, bad agreed sign the agreement, and the pool will trc commenc&'operations. The oommittee li arranged to finance surplus butter, and t vances on butter for export will be ma available at once. Butter will also be e tained as quickly as possible for N< South Wales, thus, tending to stabilise at consolidate the position of producers; 3 the tiiut; that New South Wales hal' < faiped the „ qbahUly asked for ^20,00^ 30,0j)0 boxes), it Is expected that other '■ ter^ate^markcte^wfli be In a potion 