MORE PEOPLE ft A CALL T0GRAFT0N j THE IMP.1!GHATI0?i GiVOHIUNITY. MR. CROWTHER'S SECOND ' ADDRESS. A PITIFULLY SMALL ATTENDANCE SOME EVIDENCE OF INTEREST AROUSED. As mentioned in yesterday's issue, Mr. E. Philpott Crowther, the emis sary of the Country Promotion League, addressed a small audience at the Town Hall, Grafton, on Wednes- day night in furtherance of the ob jective of the League, which is to ar range for a supply of immigrants di rect from. Great Britain to Grafton. Tho rifimit v-Mavor CAld. F. T. Do- berer) presided and apologised for the absence of the Mayor, who was out of town. After outlining; briefly, the ob ject's of -the meeting and Mr. Crow- tiler's mission here, Aid. Doberer said we were not progressing. Land values were lower to-day than .they were 30 years ago. This was a district of in finite possibilities, with a magnificent waterway. Their ancestors, in laying out the town, foresaw the possibility of a big city' here, and had left them every facility for it. Hence a main street two chains wide, and so on. Na ture had endowed the district with very fertile soil, and it was capable of being not only a great agricultural centre, but also a great industrial cen tre. But they must make a move. Mr. Crowther had come here, to help them, and ' they welcomed him. He regretted there were not more present, to hear him, and to show they were behind him and the League. The meeting, however, had not had sufficient publicity Many knew nothing of it, and, person ally, the first he knew of it was when he read the leader in that morning's "Daily Argus," a very excellent leader, I ' _ A. ' .>..1 lUA TOO, wmen s?i UUI tue yuoi ituii uicanj. If any had not read it he would ad vise therm to do so. Aid. T. J. Roberts (Mayor of South Grafton) also blamed the lack of pub licity for the small attendance. Those who were absent would he the losers. He advocated holding a further meet ing, for he felt that the movement was one that should be supported. Mr. Crowther said lie felt a bit dis appointed with Grafton. He fully ex pected that the people here would dis play a certain amount of civic pride and patriotism. If they possessed that they Would turn up in force to do something for their town and district. He had selected Grafton as the first town in which to launch this scheme because he thought that it had the greatest need of outside publicity and because its people needed awakening to the wealth and possibilities of the district. He was not blaming those present; they had evinced a practical interest in the welfare of their town.' The Country Promotion League, he ex plained, was formed by the small group of , men who » had started the Bush Week movement. They realised thn eta emotion In afirrteiilture and the need for country development. The primary object of the League was to do anything and everything that would benefit country districts, to as sist the men who were following the most arduous of all callings, getting a living out of the land. They aimed at everything from legislation to or ganisation to improve the conditions of the men on the land and to induce moje men to go there. The man work ing in a city factory was not going to produce anything like as much as the man on his own bit of ground, working all the hours God had given. A mil lion of men of the latter type would mean great prosperity for ths country. Sydney to-day had about a mllion people in it, but it was a menace when they had half the population Id one city and the other million scattered all over the State. It worked out that there were only 135,000 , people producing for all the rest. This country had to depend-on its exports of primary pro ducts to pay its debts, and it all had to come froim those 135,000,' who were, oarryinig practically (2000,000 'others on their backs. That was almost im possible, and could not last. The Com monwealth debt was now over £800,- 000,000, and the 5,000,000 people in Aus tralia could not bear that burden. It was time we woke up. When the people in the country districts woke nn and e-nt soma oivin nride and nat- riotism that day would see the begin ning of the end of Sydney's domination. The C.P.L realised that new blood must be brought in, as it was 60 or 70 years ajgo, when every ship arriving hefo brought from all parts of Britain, Scandinavia, etc., those people who had pioneered this country. There was not much pioneering now, and yet the men to-day should be as far ahead of those pioneers as the latter were ahead of the aborigines they found here. Progress was the country's only hope. The C.P.L. aimed at directing a flow of new settlers here, where they were needed and where there was room for them. With such a magni ficent river and innumerable creeks providing means of aocess to the town the Whole district should be filled with producers. It was for the "people here to see that the table was spread, wait ing for the newcomers; the League would "compel them to come in." This district could offer a veritable feast of good things in the way ' of land, water, climate, etc.. and the local people's part was to have that feast ready. If they would do the duty thus devolving upon them great would be their reward. They would soon double or treble the present population. If, in two years, they got 1000 settlers — which was not much to expect — it was fair to assume that they would he married men, and, with average fam ilies, that would mean 5000 more people here. Those 5000 would require boots, clothes, houses, etc., providing trade and work for thousands of others It would mean, too, more wealth pro duced here, more cargo for the ship ping; and' so on. If all that accrued from 1000 settlers, what would 10,000 new settlers mean? This district . could easily hold 250,000 people. He wanted the people here to wake, up, to seize the opportunity and get the settlers while they were offering. New Zealand was awake to this. That do minion was only 85 years old, and had fought three wars, yet she had 13 people to the square mile, as against Australia's 3. Australia had had 50 years' start and no wars, yet she had been caught and passed by New Zea land. In the papers this week he had 1 noticed the London butter quotations: I Danish 204/, New Zealand 182/ to 198/, Australian 172/ to 176/. There was something wrong with Australia. He had been told "Oh/ Australian butter is good enough for me," but was it good enough for the world's market? iiio people here had to get busy, to vrake up,- to get better stock, and turn out a better article. The C.P.L. was trying to help them, but it wanted them to back it up. The whole of its funds went in this propaganda work, excepting for the secretary's salary. He wanted them to form; a strong com mittee here, to cope with the stream that would soon be flowing hither — .and it was going to flow. He would not go back to Sydney without com pleting arrangements for the issue of' the pamphlet and getting the move ment started. He had set out on this work, and he was not going to give in.. They' should be ready for the new comers with small farms, homes, a wel come, advice, and assistance. Remem ber, these people would be our kith and kin, and they were wanted. The district could not grow the one thing needed — humanity. He remembered, when in America, 30 years ago, seeing the flood of immigration there, 8000 a day, including the very scum and off- scouririgs of Europe. But America had swallowed and digested all of them, and piade them good citizens of America. That was why America was to-day a great nation of 110,000,000, and was yet taking a million immi grants annually, to which the flow had been restricted. He presumed that here, as elsewhere, there was a drift to the city,' and that could only be counteracted by bringing in new people. He argued" that country sett lers were always better off than the city wage-earners. Having explained what was being done regarding the pamphlet for dis tribution in Britain, and stating that they wanted no Sydney advertisements In it, Mr. Crowther concluded a vigor ous and interesting address by ex pressing the hope that a strong com mittee would be formed here. Then another meeting could be held and a better attendance attracted by more publicity." He would be glad if he PfllllR CQlflf Ifl nnanlnrF tttVio + \- " 44 TV t VVVUIU be a new epoch for Gmfton — to give it a fresh kick-off to do in the next fifty years as much as had been done ifi the past half-century. Grafton had its great opportunity now. (Applause.) Mir. Oliver Bainbridge, who was re quested by the chairman to speak — > as a distinguished Grafton native — said that all he could say was that he heartily endorsed all that Mr. Crow ther had said, and he wished him eyery success in his mission. v> | Mr. G. E. Hill said the meeting had been called at his instigation, but it bad not , achieved his purpose, which was that more people should hear Mr. Crowther. He did not wish to damp en Mr. Crowther's ardor, but he saw njo hope of them going further that night than to thank him for ihis ad dress. There were not enough present to form a committee, and it would he f&tal; to start the movement the wrong way — it would . only die at the begin ning. ; Mr. R. S. Puddicombe, being Invited by the chairman to express his opin ion, said he, too, was disappointed at the apathy shown. . He regarded this as the biggest onnorttinitv whinh hod come to Grafton, and he did not think they should let the matter end there. - They should form a small committee that night with the idea of arousing public interest and organising a big meeting. Mr. C. C. McDonald re-echoed these views, and said that unquestionably what they wanted was more popula tion, Grafton, so far, had done no- tliing for immigration. They had mil lions of acres of idle land, but unless they did something themselves they would get no more people and make n© progress. They should embrace opportunity, Mr. Crowther had shown that he had brains and enterprise, and the people should get behind him. Mr. Bainbridge said he would guar antee to bring ten people to the next meeting. Mr. McDonald said he -would bring another ten. He moved, that all pres ent form a provisional committee for the purpose of assisting the Country Promotion .League to bring immigrants to this district. Mr. p. c. Sanders seconded. Mr. Hill refused to go on the com mittee, and when pressed for his rea- sdn said that, under the circumstances, there was no chance of doing any thing. Mr. Bainbridge, in a brief but very forcible speech, said that they all owed a. duty to their town anfl thoir sto+o and it was, their duty to get behind a movement such as this. As Britishers, it would be a disgrace, to their energy and intelligence to. let it drop there. , Aid. Roberts said the people as a whole were asleep, if a few, however, would do what they could, a great deal would ultimately be accomplished. The motion was carried. It was then resolved that the next meeting be held next Thursday night, and the Deputy-Mayor promised that it should be fully advertised. Mr. McDonald, in moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Crowther, eulogised him for what he had said and done. He was on the right track, and there was no doubt that the people needed . awakening. Mr. D. B. Corfe seconded the mo tion with pleasure, but thought Mr. Crowther should go further and out line a definite, scheme. The local committee should be told exactly what was required of them. The motion was carried by acclama tion, and Mr. Crowther briefly acknow ledged it. 