FOR THE MAN ON THE LAND. SEVEN DAYS A WEEK. . THE DAIRYMAN'S. TASK PROGRESS OF THE INDUSTRY. (liv H. N. LKACH.) Tho dairying industry lifts developed into a uuiitis'ity of Quocnsland.'It if only- 55 years ago since .the industry wns csLab- lishod, and now its value is ostimatcd at anuroxiumtclv 18.000.000 & voir. In the , beginning the Government sent a travel-! ling dai'y through the farming . districts j. nnd shower! the farmers how to use n pppamto". The fanners reeponded) and in 1805 the. first shinmcnt of Quceilslnnd butter was made to Europe. Since that time dairvifttr production box grown so that the ex|K»vt has now worked huge' dl- ' mansion. MtatUlic for Iff'O give tho prodnclion .of .butter in Qaesnslnnd at ' 40.751 ,3731b, nnd of cheese 11, 512.3621b fo,» ; tho year.-' Th& allied industries of bacon and hams enve 11,337.<F«0lb. There , wen 448.631' dairy oo«a in milk or dry. i : The ctimolns lo dairying has. been largriv dtiv to tho svrtem of making cash ' rnvm«nls each month for sunpliea of milk. The result- 1 that the dairy farmer always, ha cash -in bU pocket, while the .wlwxit , raiser or wool prowr has to wait. a. year I fn- his market returns. I Then 6>i much of the- handling- 'and mnrKetln' of t,he di'rv producer is token off the shoulders of the farmer by, tho factory system. There are 23.467 dairies,, 47 butter factories, and 02 checno. fac- turn in Queensland, hesldcr. two thiyo conoerwd milk factories. Dairying .has now been orgnn'sed on on eflciont" system, and is probobly one of Die cafest and sounds4 of our rural industries.,, It, i t quite dilferenl. from tlic old drudgery and- tow - pthcoe of .30 years ago. . find -pro3pct»ty u oo i -«vjlh- dairying in tni-j country. There are some benighted peoplo who decry the industry, which thoy' designate slavery, bpcausa .it means HiiU huui-a of work opd.- seven days a v;eek , Lut tliey aro cn(y- lukewarm Bol- nevius who cannot i«o any advantages in jirosparity and self.-rcspect rcciircd.anrl held by one's #own offorts As a matter Oi fact dairying is not hard work, hut a icnuires constant .attendance through out the wholo week. \ j Tho overage roiurn per cow to low in' Quecn.-Iand compired with ome' othtr :<xiantr.», but there are individuals who have exceptionally, fine herds. , The lll-i I warra milking . Sliortborn is »" favourite with1 many coastal farmers. .It has be£n| built on . a Shorthorn busts,, with .a touch j »i Ayislir' in. its oompo- iition tp givo a finer conformation and reduco the qeno- r«l tcndfc-ucy, of the former toward put ting on, too much condition.. These hare! Leetrso carefully bred through many gene rations; that ; tney ' breed true .to'-.typo ' ll is. generally ondoretood ihat tho origin of the breed goes back to early Ausim- 1 i hi ii days. When the old sailing shifts -were bringing out immigrants a nsual I liraso in, 'tho ndvertUemeut »voa "doctor and cow carried '' To tct a cow vbich ' would . Furnish . supply of milk' for some 200 or 300 ' pes-' .n.acru .tvas a to.?k, Tiio shipowners I Hen get thorn from tho decp m;lkcrs nf ht» Holdenioifi .v untry. On the ships urivirt-; in Sydney the cow was fold, and shrewd Lieeders iii iho'IKawomt district1 rtuLiiiced tiieir value," and bought them; I LRidnaiiy the typo was established, and! .'now manv of the leading hords irt the ninwuvia, Nnrtliern Uivors, and Qucou-i land ct- ustal districts are of 'this type. i There are some l oautifu! herds, of «Tnr- 1 3«'Vb— ' inoslly on country below "ho Range;! and many of the hardy Avrshires, parlico- l-vlj. on the Downs. Ol lato years thai I'liesland or Dutch cattle have rotno into' pr«.mincnco. Thoy aro big milkers, nil yield o very white milk One will usually eoo them about milk condensorics The i iiidre tllnw milk of the Jersey is not liked I f'o well by ' tho milk condenser as the j white Friesland milk. It is said thai I:, i tin of' milk ever goes bad the con- -4<).nL»s 6ouU»v; " Wu'mcn vwpomlr . tliat, and if I hey cpon a tin .«f milk and it show a trace yellow (due to tlio big Jersey cream rjobulc-t tiiby v/ill discard -it. onq always piefer tho mOk of the ffmstiitd, with its smnller fut globules. . Tliero i3 p. lot cf proindieo. about tho matlor, 'but in ' h<i«in&is; this has to h» reckoned .with \- Must of our dairy 'tenh are composed cf .nondescript cattlo, Lut groduolly th»se I are btiing improved. In a few years the rclur.i from the present nupibor of cows | cculd easily bo donbled by breeding to good ' Lulls,. Vcrv hlgh-clnss animals tan bo obtained at moderate prices from woll- o-tablished stnds. | f/neotisland butter ranks high in Eng land. nlthnuch Danish. Now Yoaland, nnd Viclorian aro quoted higher in the London market Tho reason ts probably due. to btr rit'fonccs in Oiii State, -which malco it -difficult to got the rream to the fac tory so qnlckly and so often .is it should . 1 done. Often there are 'arms 30 mile awav from tho factory, nnd only two de- Hvere- are made . a week.. Ft means ; it'trnd- grade cream, and from tlrnt first erndo butter cannot bo manufactured. As more dairy farms are eriablishod and u diftrict hepumcs beftcT settlod.np the dis ability .referred' to will naturally bb over- ct«mo, . \- In Queensland dairv farming is prob- ' nhlv the safest and most profitable for new arrivals' to engage in. Cow can he milked all the year round, nnd if hen the Snuthcnt States have ahnrta7C9 of. butter in tlu». winter sttppVe are .ilways rnntcd from Queensland! The nidutrv Ivjcomes fieint»nq to nianv people, and by grow ing fodder for their animals lhv can always gain their toward them-elves. The natural cond'»inns for dn'rvhig in Qncemlnnd aro noablv - unequalled ty anv in the world, and there is room for cores o thotutmdit of people to'engaee t« it with Konefit to thomsolvcs and ad vantage to the . Plate. ' . j 