AUSTRALIA. | CUE EMPTY CONTINENT. LOKD XuRTUCIJFFE'S VIEWS. Australia's msi>tence upon immigrant* ot Lrst-cla^s moral and physical biaudai'd may seem liarsli, but it is «!,i.jllv as important to the Empire as t^i Australia that the Cuniniouwealth twuid Lr- kept "white," says Lora Nuitlnlifi.' iu tlio third article of his series iu "liie Times" on "'The Empty Continent." He draws attentiou to the h:m<iicap imposed by the high, fcteara^hip rates. The hucccsslul British immigrant is the best immigration ageut. Therefore cautious beginnings are likely to produce the best eventual results, he pro* ceeds. The two forms of assistance are selection and nomination. "Selected" imigrautg consist of formers or inexperienced people with capital, who are willing to start farming, experienced farm laborers, inexperienced Laborers, who are willing to go on the land, lads for farms, domestic workers, lady helps and a limited number of special artisans who are unobtainable in Australia. The piospects for all rural workers are remarkably good. but it will be impossible to obtain 100,000 annually m Great Britain. Probably it will be iioccs-ary to attract peasants from selected Continental countries. Iu view of the enhanced wages of farm laljortrs in Great Britain and the uuntinr.ed reluctance of British farmers to emigiato to Australia, the great majority of immigrants must be inexperienced at farming Tliere need be no misgiving about this. The Commonwealth proposes to obtain sll the rural workers possible, tlieu to obtain boys :uid lads who will hedei take to engage in farming. Probably s<) per cent, of the prosperous Australian tanners began as laborers. The prospects for advancement were Kevf-r better than to-day. Inexperienced workers might soon to be saving Jt50 a year, with the object of beginning 011 their own account with a few hundreds of capital. He instances Victoria's youthful immigrants i-efore the war, a few of whom v.ero obtained from the English oountry«de. Regarding nominations. Lord Nortbcliffc considers that the valuable feature about the system is that it enables members of growing families to immigrate and the boys are able to start on the land immediately after having left school. Even trade unions do not object to these boys starting on equal terms with the Australian born. IMMENSE RICHES. Glowing references to the agricultural possibilities of Australia axe made in tho fourth of the series of articles. Lord Northcliffe says it is doubtful if the average Australian even vaguely realises the immense riches of his continent. Cheapness of fertility have nude the Australian farmer the most prodigal in the world. There are. still enormous areas of splendid -land unalienated, but requiring ryulways. When tbese are developed and more intensive agricultural . methpds are employed, "the increase of Australia's primary production will astonish the world, and perhaps Australia most of all." If the Australian fanner fvere to see the, poverty of much of the land farmed im the Continent of Europe, he would realise that his so-called second-class land would be eagerly-seized by the less foitumrfe countries. He migHt.turn his attention to the necessity for maximum development by new methods, pud thus make Australia one of the largest and most vital producing countries of the world. The area of safe wheat- grotring land al lows of a twentyfold expansion, and on the-present acreage the average re^ turns are capable of vast improvement. The very richness of the soil : has encouraged speeulativ& 'Tnethnds and reU^ aiu-*- on a big acreage rather than , on good cultivation: Good .farmers, aire getting 50 pgr cent, better yields'than tMr neighbors, whose land is equally good. Nowhere in the world, concludes Lord Northcliffe, are the ' prospects for the wheat grower, brighter than in Australia. It is" in the low cost..of ; production that the Australian has: the advantage. lie makes a' detailed examination oi the suitable wheat acreage in the various States, : with estimates of the cost for purchase and clearing. FARMING METHODS CRITICISED. The Danish cow produces twice as much as the Australian cow, though the land in Australia is far more fertile, writes Lord Northcliffe in the concluding article Yet, he says, the Australian dairy farmer is more prosperous owing to -liu broader acres and exceptional natural advantages. There are no bounds to Australia's possibilities in dairying but compared with Denmark's achievements under harsh natural conditions Australia is far iu the rear. + The Australian attempts too much, but is convinced that his methods are sound. An enormous increase in production is possible with more intensive methods of cultivation, and the utilisation of the abundant, rich, virgin country which is still relatively cheap. The Australian farmer does not realise the value of his inheritance. Regarding fruit and vines, Australia has only started, but her competition will soon be felt in the -World's markets. Given improved organisation, no country can produce better and cheaper fruit. Suitable land is available every State, and the choice is bewildering. 