danish settlers. In the House last week, Mr. Peterson (Normnnby) naked tlio Premier: Ilns the Government placed nny finan cial cmbnrgo ngninst the landing of Italian immigrants in Queensland? Has tho financial embargo placed by the Queensland Government ngninst Dnnisli settlers arriving , in Queensland been rescinded? 3. Under what Statute, Federal or State, have the Queensland Government power to enforce such ern- bnrgo ?" Tho Premier replied:— 1. No; nor has it power to. do so. 2. There never was such an embargo. 3. Tho. State has no powers of exclusion or ndinissioi, such functions being vested solely in tho Commonwealth." Next day Mr. Peterson asked the Premier: — "Seeing that the Premier yesterday denied thnt nn cmbnrgo had been placed by th'a Queensland Govern ment ngninst Danish settlers emigrating to Queenslnnd, is he tho Edward G. Theodore,- Premier, who signed tho fol lowing- letter, dated !)th March ad dressed to Mr. J. C. Peterson, ALL. A.: Dear Sir,— Replying to your letter of tho 7thinst.. I liavo to state that nt the present lime wo are not milking nny arrangements in the direction of in ducing other than British subjects to oniigrnte to Queensland- The Queens land Government, however, recognise the value ns future citizens of Dnnisli tanners with capital, and I would be glad to consider any proposal thnt would lead to the settlement of such farmers in this State, provided they were possessed of, say, not leu than £700 each. If Mr. J. Hundtoft Mas mora definite information on the subject, I shall be glad to hear from you.— Yours faithfully, Edward G. Theodore, Premier." The Premier replied: — "The letter which tho hon. member hns read is a letter which, I presume,' I did send him. That represents tho position exactly." Mr. Morgan: It that not an embargo? The Premier: It is no embargo nt all. Tho question I nnsworod yesterday was answered accurately, and. if the hon. member -is ucqunfhled with the limita tion of the powers - conferred on tho States by the Federal' -Constitution, he will know-that tho Government have no power, constitutionally, to impose any embargo against anyone crmlgg here, nor have we power to exclude immi grants of any kind. Tlnit' is entirely within tho powers of the .Common-, wealth. But, in connection with the giving of assistance to immigrants who desire to come to Australia under the Commonwealth laws, we lay down our own regulations, and, ns I mentioned in that letter, we give preference to Britishers, to which the hon, member seenis to object, (Government laugh ter.) Commenting on this subject, Mr. Swayno states: — It is an interesting instance of the Government's attitude as regards immigration. Through pub- lie opinion on tho subject they are now forced to apparently favor action in this regard. If they were in earnest, should they not have jumped nt nny opening thnt offorc-d for the introduc tion of such a splendid type of agricul turist as comes from Denmark Amongst the number of them that wo so fortunately have in our district I can scarcely call to mind a man who has not made good ns a farmer and Lome of our best are or have l-een of I thnt nationality. Yet . how many of them had £700 or perhaps . 700 pence when they landed? Such people are an acquisition if they . landed destitute, seeing that what we want so badly are agriculturists. 