Botes and Comments For political purposes the Labor Op- position most make a foss over the Redistribution ot Seats measure, but the rearrangement fa ten years over- due. ?. . J» One of the lars« tending libraries of London has been doing a brisk trade in the sale of Mn Asquith's autobiography «t ls. 3d. The pub- lished price is 2S*. Icbabodl . . . What has become of the Australian hat manufacturing industry, -which bas been so highly protected for many years? Every shop In Perth displays KngU&b-made; men's beadwear this Sydney sad Melbourne axe keen on Australia spending £20.000,000 to £ 30,000,009 on unifying the railway gauge from Brisbane to Perth. Of course it would increase centralisa- tion In those hubs of sordidness and slums, but W-A could better devote its share to main roads and never mind unification of railways. . . . Every citizen of WA. should study the loan figures which we present on this page. They disclose an appalling condition of drift and desperate finan- cing. Only one -comparison is neces- sary tn prove this, and in order to emphasise oar alarm we may point out that for the year ended June 30, 1022, the Government spent £14^600,000 and only received £6,000,4)00 odd tn revenue. Where did the other £8,000,000 came from, and. what can be shown for It? or m * - How many gnat -strikes have the workers «aa? "Wfe don't ask this question in » JwetSe spirit or in » cynical snood, tat merely to point out that as .a.¥metfhe jrtrBcer* mae; not only- de (hey lose ha the conflict but aaft morale, and worse oft*. It ls set J£ Ját-^CsDOd listening to the ftepdoodte shoot gabling the control of prodnetfon mad distraraUon; they caa do that «ow by means of co operathm sad guBds. As tar the 4S hones* bogey, thousands hf capitalists have to work longer than that, but they know hotter than te so on strike, ?av- ? * -. » Tte.vital statistics for -the metro- politan «sea xor October issued by the Government Statistician . make un- pleasant Teading. Compared with the figures for October last "year, the deaths from tuberculosis in the area embracing Perth and suburbs, Fre- mantle, Midland Junction and inter- mediate centres were almost double, while in respect to cancer, the number was more than double. Due to the former ..-disease, there were 16 deaths last month and 8 in the correeponding month last year, those succumbing to cancer cambering £2 and 9 respective- ly. It is to be hoped that there ls no connection between the influx of immigrants and one or other of the two maladies mentioned. ooo Minister for Mines Scaddan, speak- ing on the mining vote In the House referring- to the alleged Federal "gold steal,** «aid that during the war period this produced nearly £17,500,000 worth of gold, and, co far ss could be discovered, all that .sold was exported by the Federal Government. The Fédéral Government should make a declaration as to whether they sold the whole of that cold et the pre-war standard price, or whether -they ob- tained <he Increased market priées. If they cold at the higher prices, then unquestionably -th« difference be- tween the standard .price and the prices they obtained tor sold from this State was due to the producers in this State, and belonged to them. At TmriffTati, the principal sugar centre of Queensland, since August 29 there have been 19 convictions for sly grog eriBfná and Ates totalling £892 imponed Buring «he «arly part of ; the J*K1 season the place vas infested with gangs of ppdrriraWes. A series of sitíeles in TBnaih*s Weekly et the. time had the effect of stimulating Go- vernment action, and resultant police activities produced as almost Incred- ible record. In the first six weeks £00 arrests were effected, fines totalling over £1000.were imposed, a large num- ber were sent to gaol, and 15 com- mitted for trial to' higher',courts íory serious crime. Gambling raids were tun order of the night and produced some ex- traordinary exhibits in court. Including sandbags; naked razors, knuckle dust- ers, and sufficient gelignite fuse and detonators to blow every "tank" in the town. In ene raid 40 .people were arrested In a. room 16 x: 12. Some record for a township of Jess than 2000 in- habitants! And Uns £g what Hughes, Pearce and Co. make W.A. pay \ £ SOO.flO* a year to support. 1 ese Education expats should Investigate ! tho cause of. young people spelling | atroctonSly. The majority of scholars j leaving school these dava cannot «om- I pare In orthography with the standard) I attained by students of similar egei say, twenty «rr thirty years track. This defect does not appear to he confined I to any partteaTar section of schools! , but without doubt it is pronounced' Whether the introduction of the pho-1 nette system has anything ta dd with!] the deterieraflon in spelling te for in-\ I ves ti ga tors to determine, ont an exam-1 ination of essai» end letters by the j average school hoy or girl at the pre-j sent time discloses a poor standard of grammar generally. Possibly English grammar does not now receive, the attention lt did by teachers a decade ] or two back. There are, possibly, too many new-fangled notions and abs truae subjects hammered Into the minds of scholars. The ase of good English and.a maintenance of ortho- graphic accuracy seem to be fast fad- ing from thc realm of compulsory ac- quirements in our educational system. C Alfred Chandler. Stlrline-st., Perth-3 "Senator the Right Honorable G. F. Pearce, P.C., Hámster for Home ead Territories," is the latest description of tbe ex-carpenter of Subi. High sounding and signifying nothing ex- cept absolute surprise. se» The. touting, by pushing insurance agents, of silly servant girls requires some inspection and supervision. The girls are "talked over" by all sorts of promises of future benefit if they pay in so much a, week of their wages in the society. But if, through sick- ness er any other cause, they cease payment, they forfeit the amount they have already paid in, which ls really not fair. It is quite right to be thrifty, but sot by this "heads I win, tails you lose" method. eoe Speaking in London Lloyd George said, "Every candidate should be asked whether he (or she) was prepared to place the country's interests before those of party, and should be judged by his (or her) answer." ' That is exactly [What we said a fortnight ago in con- nection with the Federal elections. Another instance of great minds strik I lng the same spark-but the advice is essential if we are to get men who will put the State before self or party-or I Billy Hughes. . e . In a political sense there is a vast difference between the term "Na- tionalists" in various countries. In South Africa the party under that title are the opponents of the constitu- tional rule of General Smuts and his Government. In Australia, the name ¡has been adopted by loyalists and those who irtand for constltntiamd j procedure. In Tnrfeey the Katmnalists [ have overthrown the Conservative ele- ments and threaten the peace of the world. Again, in Britain the word Nationalist in the political sphere hes I designated a few .Northern Irishmen. . . « Lord Shkenhead, in am election speech et Bristol punctuated with In- timate and pathetic references to Mr. Collins and Mr. Griffith, related how after signing the Irish Treaty, he turn- ed to Collins and said: "Î may well have signed my political d£»tb-warrant to-night." -Collins, in reply, poignantly said: "I may as well have signed any actual death warrant" "We hear talk of "Die Hards' . In this controversy,'' ] (continued Lord Birkenhead, "but the two Tile Hards' were Collins and Grif- fith, who, knowing all it meant, took their lives in their hands." eoe Getting away just for a moment from the eordity of politics, tbe follow- ing is a concise bit of criticisms-A Swiss critic says a German novel ls a book In which two people want each other in the first chapter, bot d° not get each other until the last chapter. A French novel ls a. book In which two people get each other sight in the ' first chapter, and from then on to the last chapter don't want each other any more. An American novel is a hook in which two people want .each other et the start, get each other, and then want each other dear through to the end. A Russian novel is one tn which two people neither want each other nor get each other, and about this 460 profoundly melancholy pages are written. . se. Three other candidates held open the door and Comrade Hughes supped jin. That is the actual result of the East Perth contest, and lt jost «hows how a man may win and yet not win, for Hughes clearly represents a min- ority. On the first count be'scored 1364 votes while his opponents ag- gregated 2404, or B. majority .of 1050. On the second count, with franklin I ont of it. Hughes polled 14ZS against |2320 obtained, hy Simons and Hep- pingstone, so that ho was still in a minority of S82. On the third- count he was elected by a majority of 367 obtained from Heppingtone's second preference and Franklin's third pre- ference, as the latter's pw per« were ¡counted three times. However, lt ls obvious that if tbe anti-I^ahor vulto» for Franklin and Heppingstone (most- ly Nationalists) had been faithful to their principles' they must have given their second and third preference Totes to Simons, and in that case he would have won. It ls an instance of -a ese divided against Itself «nd the uctor carries off the bride, his gives an idea of what the Coun^ ca of Action which affiliated with the ! Moscow Third Internationale would lead to In Australia If Australia was collective ass enough to fall' into the trap. The Bed Garden" ls a record ot Ithe experiences of Henning KeMer, a Danish consular agent in Bolshevik Russia- He describes provincial Rus- sian cities where, at a time when Mos- cow and Petrograd -were starving, food land'drink were consumed by the com- missars and their friends in vast quan- tities, where the starving and mal- treated prisoners pf war were present- ed with the choice of joining the Beds, if they refused, of doing all the foulest menial tasks of the place. Ho was present at the ceremonial opening i of a public "park, where the chief com- missar triumphantly unveiled a statue to "the man who for two thousand years innocently had been chained to the pillory of a capitalistic interpreta- tion of history, tho great Froletar Promethens, the Bed forerunner of world revolution, the bourgeois re- deemer. Christ's twelfth apostle Judas Iscariot!" The commissar was a. lunatic, who assured thc -writer both privately and tn tbe course of bis pub- lic address that he was the savior of »ur time, Judas himself. L * * * \PhIL Cofller ls generally a pretty I fair advocate for his side and for those whom fae represents. He does not violently exaggerate, nor does be indulge in wilful misrepresentation, but still he ls an advocate In the i judicial sense, and presents the case I for his clients and ignores the case for the other side. Hov it is quite right to quote the dividends paid by [ the Great Boulder mine, yet to ' be quite fair he should state the total I amount expended to obtain, those divi- dends-the amount paid in wages and I for material which ls the product of j wages. WO are not positive, but we Ihelieve that the company has spent about £20,000,000 to win tho dividends, ¡ so that both the workers and the State have derived a considerable I benefit from the operations of the mine. Again, lt must be remembered that the Great Boulder is an excep- tional, mine, and if the money lost in I unprofitable mines all over the gold- fields was totalled up it would be ¡found that investors as a whole-or capital-has not made any profit ont .ot W.A mining. Fortunes have pro frbably been made and lost in gambling lon the shares, but that has nothing to do with the debit and -credit of the industry-no more than if any of the shareholders gambled on "poker" or at Monte Carlo. The balance sheet must be confined to the money actually in- vested and the dividends paid. So far as arbitration awards are concerned, if I the rates fixed are above the economic line of profit, then either wages 'most be brought within that line or the industry most close down. Our solu- tion of the problem is that wherever possible mining ehould be done by contract as it was done at Broken Hill until the "white anhV got Into the unions. Under contract, men can I slow down or speed up just as they [ please, and industrial troubles are unknown. But of course then the j Bois hi es would be unemployed oi would have to "spit on their hands." JAlfros Chandler, 8Urllns>sC PortfaJ 