'CLEAN AND HONEST' dr. jensen's views. nationalists criticised. A fair oud lvprcsaulutivo gathering wai addretad by Dr. JL 1. Jtuacu, Labour candidate for tho Sccato nt Ktcgorojr on October 31. -... v.--- hi; rvunrus wi.n p.u nppuil to tno clccUrs to got rid uf diihoiKKty, graft, and currnptum ui nuUic life, and return men sincerely anxious to u.troduce houut and economical admin- litration. Ho contended lliot during tl<o tcximo of the FiUwr Government Aus tralia had had catcful and nblo financing, good surpluses, good legislation nnd h&ncet; odminblralioti, which had led In a vast inenmeo in productivity and in putting our empty spaces to use. Ho Ahowxd the benefits that had accrued from tho Commonwealth Bank, the note inue, old ago, invalidity pensions, and maternity bonus, and from Uio progroMiw land tox. He then gave an account of the regime of tin Nationalist Government and traced tho history of the Watson- Residy affair, tho army, navy, and Shaw wirelres disclosure"!, tho wlioat scnndilit the .high commissions mado by certain firms in wi:c.il and metal buyitiR durit.g ihi mil. the huge looses suffered by thoj primary producers tlirough tho contracts muck; liy Mr. Hughes ui wheat, wool, and mttnis. the repatriation and Cnnun- gra scandals, tho shipbuilding and par- 1 chare of wreid<>n ships scandals, and tho I action o! Mr. nughce in accepting 'ho gift of £25, C<X). Dr. Jensen affirmed tbat' Iho tosres Miffcrcd by tho taxpayers of flio rnmn-.nnu-iviHIi nmniin(»il ti\ Iiiindrod < of millions of pounds through tho incorn- retence and bad adminlstfnticn of tho Nalionalifit Gcvcrr.nmnt. It won n dis- craco to icl this stato of affairs continue, ho said. ' SUGAR AGREEMENT. Proceeding, Dr. Jensen reviewed Ihc wonderful resource of Australia mid jointed out to the farmers tho imp«»rt- anco of building up secondary industries to stabiliso prices for farmers produce. Ho coutendod that oil parties, oxcept ti c Labour party, Jcjicnded lor their cam- < paign funds on big vested interests, uuongsl which importing interests wcro the wcolthfcftl and corseqaently no party but that of Labour was sfnccro In tho cicriro to mako AuEtralia eolf-supporting and self eufliclmt. Ho rofcrrcd to the manner in which the Queensland Nation alist members hvl sacriheed tho intcrrat(< ot Queen-land, though they held Uia Uto of tho Government in their hands, in regard to the sugar agreement. tJi< Acetone work, tho Canungra and Beau- desert sawmills, immigration, ond tlm Burnett scheme. Tlio Labour party alooo uuod eolidly and steadfastly in favour of a sugar ogrcemcnt to protect tlio sugar grower and sugar worker which was ncces- enry in tho interest of a White Australia. No duty avou'd adequately protect Uio nidnniTT and without the agreement the wholo industry would bo at tho mercv of the sugar trust. The Rxmkoi ti.'H'rr that th« Lahnnr party was plodgel to conriliation and arbitration in industrial dumutes, whUo the big puna behind Mr. Hughes, Mr. Watt, and Dr. EajUo rage, like Sir n«nry Harwell and Sir George Fuller, | wore in favour of tho abolition of the Arbitration Court. Tho Labour party _ Mood for an extension of tlie functions j of tho Commonwealth Bank to mako the fiolation of loans abroad unnecessary. | nnd for an extension of oDerat:ons of j tho Commonwealth mercantile fleet to mako it natively compote with tho pri- 1 rata shipping lines and reduce freights j And fares for the primary producer. The i Labour party stood for the replacement | of tho useless High Commissioner's Do- 1 partment in London bv & Trade Com- 1 mission to tec to the marketing ot Aus- j | trnlian bullcr. meat, and other products i in England in active co-operation with I tiio primary producers organisations and pools in Australia. It wanted to olimimto nil needless midd'emen, both here and »n England, so that tho farmer could get 4ho fruits of his labour as tho Danish butter producer does. Dr." Jensen added that th'o Labour party had both tho desire and the ability to giro Australia clean and honest pov- ernmcnt nnd economical administration. It was for the doctors to decide whothcr they wanted this, or a continuation of tho headlong carosr of extravagance ; which characterised tho present Nationalist ad ministration. Mr. W. J. Johnson. Labour carididato for Wido Bay, also epoko. On Wednesday Dr. Jciucn addrtescd nn opca-air gatliering at Murgon. 