AUSTRALASIA. A Magistrates' Institute has been formed with the oGJcct of co-ordination between , magistrates, in' New South Wales, i Colonel Macarthur Onslow, member for Eastern Suburbs, in the N.S/W. Parliament, has decided to retire from political life, owing to ill health. The gold-yield of New South Wales for • January, showed a heavy falling off as compared with the corresponding month . of.last-year.' Coke produced in New South Wales last year amounted to 592,097 tons, valued at' *£1,029,794. This is an increase 6124,528 tons, and of £185,503 on value over the previous year. ; ^ Miss Rosina Buckxnan, the. New .Zealand soprano, will shortlr proceed on a tour of Australia and New Zealand. She will sing in the La;Scala Opera House at Mil;'n en route. s 1 .Mr. R. M.^Scriveoer, a visitor to Syd ney, says that! the wage rate in Canada i»as decreased 30 per cent. The Canadians had got absolutely back to work, he re marked^ and production was equal to the : pre-war standard. For Sydney property at 177 Pitt street, which was submitted at auction during last week the, bidding reached £18,500. The offer was declined, but the property subsequently was sold for £20,000. The frontage is a narrow one, but the price paid .works out a» about £900 per foot. Mrs. Mary Drew, who was brutally as-' saulted at her husband's farmhouse, .at) "The Sisters," near Mortlake, on 27th 'January, died in a private hospital yes terday, without having regained con sciousness. The population of New Zealand on 31st December, exclusive of Maoris, was esti mated at 1,239,918. being an increase of 21,035 since the last census was taken. The Government statistician explains that the births last year totalled 28,555, : .being higher than any preceding year, with the exception of 1920. The Rev. Father Jerger, who was ^deported some time ago, is at present attached to the house of Jiis order in Chicago. Recently a draft" of £304 was forwarded to him by the Catholic Fed eration, by way of partly recouping him for the heavy expenses involved ih his litigation with tho Federal Gov ernment* The Minister for Education (Mr. Mutch) states that inquiries had been made in Great Britain for a man to take the place of Mr.' Henri Verbrug ghen, conductor of N.S.W. orchestra, during his leave, but it was found that the expense would be too great for such a limited period. "For my own part," said Mr. Mutch, "I would prefer that an Australian should have the posi tion." At a meeting in the. Svdney Down Hall in .connection^ with the Princess Mary gift fund, it was apnounced that about £600 had been collected. The wed ding gift will be a picture of Sy'dnev harjour, by Mr. Arthur Streeton, * the Australian artist, and will He accom panied by a boos containing a list of names of all the subscribers. It is announced that the services of the Assistant Government* Geologist (Mr. Blatchford) have been made available bv the Mines Department to the Freney Kimhcrlev Oil Coy. He will take charge of all field geological matters. The com pany has leased two drilling plants from "the Government, each capable of boring to a depth of 4,000 feet. ■ . v Mr. H. S. Gullett, Commonwealth 'superintendent of immigration, does not take seriously thestatemenis made concerning the alleged abuses under the emigration scheme. He -said that it is only in rare cases that men and women recruited for agricultural work or domestic service do not engage in these capacities upon arrival in' Aus tralia. T-. The transactions of the savings tank de partment. v Commonwealth Bank,* for the weekended 6th February were as'follow: j Accounts opened, . 3,719 : deposits, j £910,952: withdrawals, £923,2Rli; de- I crease, £12,314 : depositors* balances held, I £36,529,590. At a corresponding date | last vear depositors' balances amounted to £34,209,601. . Allegations of faked voting in the second A.D.P. selection ballot for the Sydney electorate were made by Mr. A . ,W. Buckley, MX.A. He declared : that he had not been beaten by votes ; but by ballot papers. Mr. Buckley, who | was one of the defeated candidates, said he had evidence of.duplicate vot- ] ing and the use of forged union cards. Mr. F. C. Govers. director of dmmi- I gration, stated on Feb. 14, regarding the j treatmeAt of • the Dreadnought boys, that they should be under no misappre hension as to the arrangement® made I for .them. They -could either take a| short course of elementary training < the extended course, provided by the I Department of ' Agriculture, free of | charge. -Mr. William Urquhart4has been ap pointed comptroller-general of prisons in New South Wales in succession to the late Mr.. D. G. Darcy. As deputy comptroller-general rihev had been ad ministering the affairs of the depart ment for some time prior to the death of Mr. Darcy.. During 38. years in the public service Mr. U^quhart controlled numerous penal establishments, throughout the State. About 6.30 on Sunday morning Mrs. I .Eliz May Bourke .(77), a resident of Erimore, collapsed in ^Bedford, street, while on her way to church at New town. She" was conveyed to a hospital, where she was found to be dead. A man dressed in woman's clothes was arrested for offensive behaviour in George street, Sydney, and was fined £5' with the alternative "of five weeks' imprisonment.. Another party of native xAissionaries, comprising 10 adults and.five children. ) have arrived by the R.M.S. Nigara from Suva. .They are all. 'mem bers of the Methodist Missionary Society of Australia, and came .origin ally from - Tonga. en route to the Solo mon Islands. Though they have been well-educated in their own ' tonguel they know little of English.' They will proceed to the mission field . by the Melusia. Mr.- Dunn, of the Danish consulate at San Francisco, has been transferred to Melbourne. He' came as far as Auckland by the Niagara. Mr. Dunn, who- is accompanied by his family, will tour New Zealand, for a- month, and then will come to Sydney, and immedi ately institute inquiries as to the suit ability of this country for Danish settlers. " If satisfactory, arrangements will be made to have a batch sent out here. "I am shooting myself for reasons unknown to anyone." When the tele phone attendant at DImboola received this message from Frank Maddox (15), a farm hand at Dollamnlee on Feb. 15, for delivery to his employer, who was passing through the town, he told him "not to be foolish," and that he could not deliver, such a message. The speaker .replied, "You' give it to him," and then-rang off. The police hurried, to the farm and found the boy dead In •front of the house, with a peaf rifle wound in his forehead. In'the Criminal Court Mr. Justice Parsons sentenced Robert R. Parkin son, who had been found guilty of the manslaughter of John A. Cowling, to five years' imprisonment with hard labour. He said there was no pro vocation, and the prisoner had made a cowardly attack on a helpless drunken man. He was fortunate that the jury had not returned a verdict of murder. Accused's conduct as a member of a "push" could not be expected to secura rtny sympathy whatever. Society had to be protected from people who acted the part of miscreants. 'Mr. C. Wood, of the Sydney Motor I Cycle Club, left Sydney on 9th Feb., f accompanied by Mr. C. Sainty as passenger, in an attempt to lower the motor cycle record between Sydney and Melbourne. He arrived in Mel bourne at 8.15 pjn., ifctving taken 18 hours. 15 minutes to accomplish the journey. This time is' within 4 minutes of the solo record held by Mr. Hodg son, and lowers the sidecar record previously held by Mr. Berry by hours 23 minutes. The ride was strenuous oue, and the sidecar passcn- | ger had an exciting expedience. 