Mr. Percy Hunter lias left for Australia by the Majestic. Mr. Shepherd is acting as direc tor of immigration, with Mr. Barnes as. his deputy. The new Sydney-Newcastle main road question will be further dis cussed at a conference in Newcastle. The da*e for the gathering has been fixed for August l. The retail price of sugar will from November 1 next be reduced from 6<1 lo 5d per lb. Australian exporters have sold to Germany about 8000 tons of frozen beef and 200 tons of frozen mutton. While travelling around a curve near Tocnmwal • the -irivor of flic night train from Narrandera noticed an obstruction on the line, and im mediately applied the brakes. A piece of wood, sufficiently large to wreck the train, was struck by the ongine as it slowed down. On the train being pulled up Inspector Cor ry found a sleeper between the En gine water-tank and the first truck. The market for . butter is dull ow ing to plentiful supplies from all >*ourees. New Zealand and Danish choicest is quoted at 212s to 214s; Australian 'choicest, 204 to 206s; sec ondary, 196s to 200a. Cheese is very slow of sale. Now Zealand, colored, 88s; white, 92s. Australian is nom inal pending new arrivals. Dr. Nanscn has reported to the Couucil of the League of Nations (hat at least 2,000,000 persons have died of starvation in Russia, and that the productive capacity of at least 20,000,000 of the people had been im paired owing to their privations. A writ has been issued in the Sup reme Court against Smith's Weekly Publishing- Company on behalf of Aldermen MidglGy-l tumble and Booth, of the Katoomba Municipal Council in respect of alleged libel. I^ifty men were dismissed from Hie State Timber Yards on Friday. The reason given for the dismissal is that tra<Tc is slack. ' There is a growing agitation- iii Armidale in favor of a br.-inch of Sydney University there. During,, the year 1921 there were 1498 motor accidents in: "Sydney. Foiirty- five people were killed and 813 injured. Streeton's picture "Sydney Harr hour,' subscribed • for -.by Radios in. Now South Wales, was presented to Princess Mary by l.ady Coghlan, who was accompanied by several Sydney ladies, at Chesterfield House. Prin cess Mary expressed her gratifica tion at the gift. The eighth-section o5 the North Coast railway, between Raleigh-and Glenreagh, was opened for traffic on Monday when the -first passenger train left Coff's Harbour for South Grafton. At the annual meeting of the Hay Benevolent Society a credit balance of £41 was reported after assisting 94 individuals. At a meeting of the council of agriculture, formed under the Go vernment's organising scheinc, Mr. L. Ji. McGregor, of Wo-Kern Aus tralia, was appointed director of the Primary Producers' Association of Queensland ait a salary of £1500. An effort is to be made to re-form , the Quiriudi Jockey Club, and in re ponsc to a requisition the Mayor has convened a public meeting for Wed nesday afternoon at 2.30, The "White City," has just closed a season of 15 days "at Inverell, when tlioir takings amounted to £S03.' It was run under the auspices of the hospital. Tho till and contents of the post office, Quipolly, was stolen on Thursday last. Mr. Doolan, the post master, immediately communicated with, the Werris creek police and Constable Burns and Gibbons motor ed out at 7,30 p.m., made- an aj rost,. and also, recovered the stolen property. Quick work. At last meeting of Coonabarabran P.P. Boiajrd the' stock assessment for the curient year way fixed at-2d for large stock and id for sheep. The Morec Polo Club lias decided lo hold a carnival on Tuesday. 15th August, and following days"; .The mar'denn ari.d Goondlwlndi Clubs have already notified their intentions of sending teams, and it is antici ipatcd that Sydney, Muswellbroolt, Scone, Ohio, and Glen lnncs will al so bo represented, : • The net proceeds of. t'lo Seine. Hospital ball amounted to £165/8/7. The expenses amounted to only, £12.. Tiie inquiry into tho Wammerawa seat, an appeal lodged by Mr. J., A.' Clark against the return of Mr. W. <*-. Asliford, was opened in ■Sydney on Wednesday and postponed for a ! week. At Topeka, Kansas City, William Allen White, tho noted author, was arrested upon instructions from tlio Governor. Alien White was charged with disorderliness because he re fused to remove from the window of the 'Emporia Gazette," a yellow placard exhibiting sympathy with tin striking shopmen. 