NOTES AND COMMENTS * ON MATTERS TOPICAL Too much popularity is not always a. food thing. At, the .Northam races yos torday a horse mimed Lady Fides had to bear the burden of public favor. She went to the post quoted at the short price of '„ to 1. H was too much; sho dropped dead after the race. , How impossible those foreign exchanges appear to bo I An Australian pressman abroad reports that while he was in Vienna £1 was worth 300,000 kroner. He changed £3 10s arid was accordingly a millionaire 1 ? ?? ?...??'? . ? . Visitors from England, notably a Gover nor or two, have occasionally complimented Australiana upon the hearty way in which the*L.sing the National Anthem. Perhaps the^nesenee of the distinguished person age bad something to do with the fervor at the vocal efforts at snch times. More often than not the singing is of poor qua* lity, even making allowances for the ability of the people concerned. An instance was provided on Monday, at a luncheon attended by members oi! Parliameni and pressmen. The loyal toast was accorded musical (?) fconqrs. But tho volume of sound did the gathering little credit. The singing was al most palni'uL The situation was relieved somewhat by tho entry of Mr. -]. Gardner, who by his own willingness to 'let it go'* enconraged others to do better. This sort of thing so often happens that the simple toast without any frills would bo more seemly. Poor performances of anything do not engender respect for it. ? ?? * ? .. ? ?.. When the Premier (Sir James Mitchell) came back from England he gave a glowing account oi tho cordial reception he had en .?jbyed as head of an ''Australian State, arid how1 favorably Australian schemes of deve lopment in conjunction with immigration wore regarded. It may havu appeared to ? Sir. James that tho affairs of the Common* wealth were well known. They probably are — in official circles— but not among the or dinary citizens of Great Britain. . Accord-. ing to two prominent English business men now visiting this State Australia is. very poorly . advertised indeed. When men ol' tbo fcdibre of -Messrs. Coiupton Wood and Harora Parker, of the British Cotton Dele gation, say that until very recently they did not know that Australia produced any thing 'other, than wool, it is about -.time those Loudon representatives of the Com-; monwealth began to sit up and take notice. Yesterday Mr. Compton Wood said: 'I did »ot know that Australia produced' butter or' fruit. Probably your butter is sold as Danish or Irish- Most of us don't know that Australia grows anything but ?wool.' Mr. Parker remarked: -'In any small vil lage \n England you will see on the walls placards advertising not Australia, but Can ada.1 Until just before I came out here I did not know that Australia produced tinned_ fruit. Australia not only docs not advertise, but does not grade products pnv perly. Do send us good stuff.' ? Yet wo have a High Commissioner, AgentsGeno ? ral,' and publicity men galore. If those highly-paid officials can't do any better at advertising it is scarcely surprising that' Canada and America arc- -getting -the plums ?so' far as the emigrants are concerned, o» that' trade does not advance with due speed. ? ? ? ? ' Canada has recognised the fact that a country which offers itself to immigrants and traders as a reliable investment must ofit itself with an instrument -which will mark its progress as readily as a. speedo- meter on a motor -car. Australia mignt well take a lesson from Canada's weekly 'strips' published by tho Department o'£ Colonisation and giving at a glanco inforih ation from overy centre, such : being simpli tied' iu a monthly review which is a mine of facts abont every portiou of the great Dominion. Tho first requirement for immi gration, onco the house is made ready is — advertise. Australia has apparently caught the im porting erase badly. Tho fact that Cus toms duties amount-ins to £5,744,490 were paid on goods imported in the first quarter of this financial year, suggests' that there is plenty .of room, for the expansion of our secondary industries. A close study of tho. figures, just available reveals what must surely be an orgy of dress. Apparel and textiles imported during the first quarte'r oi this financial year paid £1,711,974. in duties, as against only £791,592 for the cor responding qnartcr last year. Duties on drugs and chemicals were nearly doubled, and those on stimulants arad narcotics in creased tremendously. Thero must be room in that five and three-quarter mil lions for a few more factories in Aus tralia, ? ..??-.? ? . «? . There is much to commend the scheme propounded by Mr. .John Darling, direc tor of tho London City and Midland Bank, Tor the creation of an Empire currency. The scheme, it is contended, would obviate the present, trouble of a person desirous of paying money in Australia bavin;; -to con vert. English money into Australian; The scheme claims to enable the Dominions to borrow in London at the lowest rate, in stead of 1 per cent, more than the British Government has to pay. It mtis discussed at a meeting of the Dominion represeutar lives at the Colonial Institute recently. Lord Miliiev . supported Mr. Darling's scheme, and Sir Edward Lucas, ' Agent general for South Australia, 'declared that it was the best suggestion yet made to facilitate Empire trade. Sir Joseph Cook, High Coniissioucr, was critical, ? ? » ? ? ' While snreastic reference is often madu to the 'financial considerations' mixed up with tho bestowal of honors, titles, and so on, it is seldom that any information of a definite naturo is allowed to leak out by the parties concerned. An eieeption is the ease of Mr. Arthur Kitson, the inventor of the Kitson light for lighthouses, who says an honor was offered to him before ?ho. war. He has published the story of )h.a procure adopted. . Quoting from a Hary, h& writes: — 'Visitor called at club. Said he eame from Downing-street and wished . to . discuss prospective honors. Whilsta my name had been mentioned on account of inventions and public services, it was always understood that the recipient would, eon tribute a substantial sum to parry Uunda. Out of curiosity I inquired the uxl« prices.' 'My interviewer pro duced . a typewritten sheet show ing . minimum charges, 'Inside' prices to those possessing 'merit.' Outside prices for those who possess 'no- tliing but money.' Knighthood for 'merit,' £5,000. Knighthood without merit, £l(y)00. Baronetcy (inside price). £20,000. /Baronetcy (outside price), £40, 000 'T (said to the Downing-street agent, 'Why not raffle your honors?' and suggest ed that our politicians would be more hon- pst if they offered these so-called 'honors* by auction.' Mr. Kiteon adds: 'Hon- ors 'declined with thanks. I fail to see any honor in buying a 'reward' open to any moneylender.' 