Our Empty Continent. Lord Northcliffe's Views. Australia's insistence upon immi grants of . first-class moral and physi cal standard may seem harsh, but it is equally as important to the Empire as to. Australia that the Commonwealth should be kept "white," says Lord Northcliffe in the third article -f his, scries in "The Times" on "The Empty Continent." He draws attention to the severe ' handicap imposed by the high steamship rates. Tho successful British immigrant is tho best immigration 'agent. Therefore cautious beginnings are likely to pro duce the best eventual results, he pro ceeds. Tlie two forms cf assistance arc, selection and nomination i "Selected" immigrants consist of iarmers or inexperienced people witn capital; who are willing to start farm ing, experienced farm laborers, "inex perienced laborers. 'who are willing to go on tlie laiul, lads for farms, domes tic workers, lady hems and a limited number of- special artisans who are un obtainable in Australia.: The prospects for all rural workers are remarkably good, but , it will . be impossible to obtain 100.000 annually in Great Britain. l'robably it will bo necessary to attract1- peasants from se lected Continental countries. ' In view of the enhanced wages of faifm laborers iu Great Britain and the continued reluctance of British farmers to emigrate to Australia, the great ma jority of immigrants must be inexperi enced at farming. . There need be no 'misgivings about this. The Commonwealth proposes to ob tain all the rural workers possible, then to obtain bovs and lads wlio will undertake to engage m farming. . Pro bably 80 per cent, of the prosperous Australian farmers began as. laborers. The prospects for advancement were never better, than to-day. Inexperi enced workers ought soon to' he paving J>50 a year, with the object of beginning on their own account with, a few hun dreds of capital. lie instances Victoria's youthful im migrants before the war, a few of wjiom were obtained from fcho English coun tryside. Regarding nominations, Lord North cliffe considers that the valuable fea ture about the system is' that it en- ,ables members' of .growing families to immigrate and tho hoys are ablq to start on the land immediately after hav ing left school. Even trade unions do not object to these hoys starting oh equal terms with the Australian bom. Immense Riches. Glowiiig references to the agricul tural,, possibilities of Australia are made in the fourth of the series of articles. Lord Northcliffe says it is doubtful | if the average Australian even vaguely | realises the immense riches of his cou- i tiuent. Cheapness of fertility have made the Australian farmer the most prodigal in the world. 'There are still enormous areas of splendid land un- I alienated, but requiring railways. When ! theso are developed and more intensive ! agricultural methods are employed, "the increase of Australia's primary j production- will astonish the world, and, | perhaps Australia most of all." i If tho Australian farmer were to see | tlie_ poverty of much of the land farm- ; cd in the Continent of Europe, lie would ! realise that! his so-called second-class ! land would he eagerly seized by the less : fortunate countries. He might turn his j attention to the necessity for maximum i development hv new methods, and thus ! make Australia one of tho largest and j most vital producing coiiutrieiT ef the ! world. The area- of safe wheat-growing land i allows of a twenty-fold expansion, and ; on the present acreage tlie average returns arc capable of vast ' improve- -ment. The very richness of tlie soil I lias encouraged speculative methods and i reliance on a big acreage rattier than i 0I1I good cultivation. Good farmers are getting 50 per cent, better yields than their neighbors, whose land is equally good. Nowhere in the world, concludes Lord Northcliffe, are the prospects for tlie wheat grower brighter than in Australia. It is in the lew cost of pro duction tliat the Australian! has the advantage. Ho makes a detailed exam ination of the suitable wheat acreaoq. in the various States, witli estimates of the cost for purchase and clearing. Farming Methods Criticised. The Danish cow produces twice as much as the Australian cow, though the land in Australia, is far more fertile, writes Lord Northcliffe in the conclud ing article. Yet, lie says, the Australian dairv farmer is more prosperous owing to his broader acres and exceptional natural advantages. There are no bounds to Australia's possibilities in dairying, but compared with Denmark's achievements under harsh .natural conditions Australia is fad in the rear. The Australian attempts too much, but is cohvineed that, his methods ar» sound. An enormous increase in production is possible with more intensive me-, fchods of cultivation, and% the utilisation of the abundant, rich, virgin country which is still relatively cheap. . Tim Australian! farmer does not realise the value of his inheritance. Regarding fruit and vines, Australia lias only started, but her competition will soon he felt in the world's mar kets. Given improved organisation, no country can produce better and cheaper fruit. Suit-able land is available in every State, and tho choice is bewilder- iug. 