News Id BiM A demonstration was given recently in England of the newest aeroplane eng ine, the British Napier "Cup." 1000 horse power, on its test bench at the works. The 16-cylinder monster, at nearly 2,000 revolutions per minute, developed its in dicated horse power with ease. The eng ine, which weighs 2,200-lb., delivers the same horse power as a railway engine weighing 147,S40Tb. It is going to the Royal Air Force, and will be mounted on a super-bomber. » * • A draft of 1,000 merino rams from the^ Bungaree and Partacoona studs, in South Australia, are being travelled overland to Warenda Station, Queensland. It is ex pected that the journey overland will take three to four months. Three years ago a consignment of 700 merino rams travelled overland without mishap. m *■ » The Ohio "Farmer'' claims that the largest yield of wheat ever recorded was 117 bushels per acre, which was produced in 1895, in Island country, Washington, on an IS acre field. At Ilothamsted Sta tion, in England, the average yield for a period of 60 years is stated at 36} bushels [jer acre. This is the result of an annual application of a fertiliser containing nitro gen, phosphoric acid and potash. • * » It is computed that the pig population of the world is 162,000,000, of which some 60,000.000 are to be found in the United .Stales of America; but the number pro duced per 1,000 of population is far and away the greatest in Denmark. Nearly nil of the Danish produce is sent to Great Britain. In tlie Fair Rents Court, Sydney, on April 22, a landlord, was fifled £5 for having refused to let a wornfn a hoaso, oil the ground that she had "loo many children." , . .< k < « Mr. AlberL Edward.Mangfoid, an Aus tralian mincowuer, was crushed to death between a. mutor car and a tranicar on April 21. Mr. Langfurd was on his way frum Lunduu to Melbourne, accompanied by Mr. P. J. Deely, his partner. He was uufamiliar with the traffic, sigtiids, and was instantly killed in trying to cross a busy street in New York. • * • Major Outram, an Australian, who had been farming and hunting in Africa for several years, lias been fatally mauled by a lion, near Mombassa, in British East Africa. • * • According to official -diiections, the Gov eminent reward for the conviction of the murderer of Alma Tirtsohke. will be ap portioned by the Police Department. No definite steps have been taken to date, but it is understood thai actiou will be taken this week. Several witnesses for (he Grown will participate in the reward. • • » Reports from the Wytjdhanr Meat Works indicate that operations are pro ceeding smoatbly, and tlie average kill is approximately 200 cattle daily. • * ► The regulations prohibiting the use of open laced and window faced envelopes throughout the Commonwealth postal service, came into force on May 1. • • * In a lane nff Barrack-street, Perth, on Tuesday night, was found the dead body of a young man, the cause of death being a wound from a broken bottle. Deceased, who had been carrying a bottle under his coat, fell, and thus caused the wound. A world's record has beeir established In the Cunard liner Mauretama in her recent trip from New York to Southamp ton, during which she maintained an average speed of 25$ knots, the greatest speed reached being 27$ knots per hour. " • • • The United States Supreme Court has ruled that the Californian Alien Land Law is unconstitutional in regard the clause forbidding aliens to act as guard ians of agricultural lauds for their Ameri can born children. • • • The Italian Government, in consequence of immigration restrictions imposed by Amci ican and Canada, is seeking to find an outlet for its surplus population ill the Commonwealth, and representatives have interviewed Sir Joseph Cook for infor mation as to whether such would be ac cepted by Australian authorities. ~ n • Flying men, Professor Thomson (Brit ain) says, have been able substantially to assist in the correction of facts about bird flight For many years it was be leived that migrants travelled at incredi ble heights—10,000 feet above the earth and sea. But when hirds have been re leased from flying machines at such a height they have been dverpuweded by (lie cold and the conditions of the atmos phere. The highest flying birds, cranes ;md gcc?^, usually travel at about 3000 feet, and (be highest bird ever noticed in the ail—a skylark—was about G00O feel up. Rebel forces in Ireland have been raid ing banks in the southern areas, and the loss df over ,£GO,000 in cash has been re ported to the authorities. • • • Rishop Liston, Roman Catholic Bishop of Auckland, N.Z., has been committed for trial on a charge of having, made seditious ultraiices at a public meeting on St. Patrick's Day, bail being allowed. Three fresh cases of Bubonic Plague Lave fceen reported in Sydney, bringing the tptal up to 27, of which seven have died. \ • * * During last week two cases of sew ere burns to children through playing with matches, occurred in the Kastern States ; one, a boy of eight years, and the other a girl of three years, both children hav ing to be removed to hospital for treat ment. i \- • • > The'Bydney City Council has decided to ap^lv for a Royal Commission to in quire into the charges of corruption and maladruiiiistiation in regard to its affairs, which was refused by the ex-Pre'mier, Mr. Dooley. • * * The Jxew Zealand loan for £5,000,000. was over subscribed in London by 100 per cent., and the flotation is regarded as the nioet successful of recent years. » * • In the Sydney Bankruptcy Court, a Wagga cattle d_ealer related how the col lapse in the beef market had led to his insolvency. He bought cattle in Queens land at £7/3/- per head, and after droving the molr for six weeks to Wagga, had to sell them at under £! per head. Whilst playing with two other boys of about the saute age neat the cliffs of Scarborough, V., the seven-year-old son of the local sergeant of police, fell a dis tance of 170 feet to the rocks below. His playmates climbed down, and hid the in jured child in an empty boat-shed, whe?e he remained for some hums before being missed by his parents. vHe was found to be in a frightful condition, being practi cally disembowled, and died before mcd ical aid could be procured. • * • The South Australian Voluntary Pool has announced that it will pay a dividend of 1 '6 per bushel during this month. • » • The South African Government has an nounced its determination to adhere to its decision that a general eight-hour day and a forty-eight hour week was impos sible in relation to the railway service. The return of the State Government Statistician giving the yield of wheat in Victoria for the season just closed, shows that the production was 43.867,5% bushels or 4,398,971 bushels larger than for 1920 21\. The average yield per acre was 10.80 bushels, as against 17.90 bushels in 1920-21 season. • * • The directors of the Warrambool Wool len Mill Co.,- Ltd., Victoria, report that large consignments of worsted plant, purchased in 1920, are now arriving at the mill, and substantial progress is be ing made with the election of the various machines in the spacious buildings recent ly completed. The directors anticipate that (he plant will be set in motion short ly. • • • By 41 votes to 32 the Xew South Wales Assembly has passed a Bill to reduce Parliamentary salaries from £875 to £600 Ministers salaries were reduced by £2000 in tile aggregate. ft * « The New South Wales Government has decided to dispose of Crown Lands by auction, which means a reversion to the Nationalist's policy of freehold and the right of conversion of leasehold. The Caulfield (V.), City Council Health Inspector reported recently that he had discovered a building, originally erected ns a stable, in use as a self- contained flat * • * The Western Australian Government has selected as a site for the extension of accommodation for the insane, a '2,500 acre estate at Jaudakot, which was pur chased some years ago in connection with the.Jandakol drainage works. It is not intended to carry out any immediate building operations, but the land is to be cleared and otherwise prepared for the erection of a mental reception home. • • • Phenonoual rains are reported to have fallen throughout South Australia, rang ing from an inch at Hawker, to more than two inches in the north. Tile Minister for Hail nays, Mr. .Scad dan, speaking in reference to the new electric plant for the Perth power house and tranmways, valued at /1T8.CIOO stated that the Commonwealth lias remit ted the duty on the machinery, which means a saving of ,£32,575. 