News in Brief The Federal Custom authorities ut Sydney have refused to allow au Assyri an missionary belonging to the Assyrian community of Chicago, to land from the s.s. Ventura last week, pending the sub- mission of a special bond as a guarantee of his intended departure from the Com monwealth. » The British War Office lias announced that a contract for frozen beef supplies for all the troops in England for six mouths has been given to a firm of Aus tralian meat exporters. In order to maintain the high standard . of exports, the Danish Ministry of Ag riculture has announced that it will con fiscate all butter containing more than 16 per cent, of water. » » » The Bavarian Government has made the study of the English language compul sory, and French optional, in the middle schools, thus reversing the previous ar rangement. It is lield that a knowledge of the English language is more valuable A telegraphic message states that there is great activity in Derby owing to the arrival of steamers from Singapore with tons of material for the oil prospecting parties.' Already 12 teams have left Derby laden with casing for Frenov's Oil Company, and a special team trans ported a boring plant to the back counlry A report from the mandated territory of New Guinea charges the Administra tion with neglect. It is stated that there are no hospital facilities and that the majoriy of members of the Civil Service are unable to perform their duties owing- io illness. At one place, through lack of surgical instruments, the resident doctor had to perform an operation with a hack saw, the patient dying shortly after. Whilst playing football at Gmidagai. N.S.W., last week, a player was thrown lo the ground, and died from the effects of the injury received. In the Sydnoy matches on Saturday, three players suf fered broken legs and one a broken arm. In the Supreme Court. Perth, Butmimz Brothers are claiming £500, with £1.374 interest, from Abrahams Bros (Mia Mia lastoral Company), the amount of a promissory note given by plaintiffs (0 defendants in error in 1909, and subse quently paid. » The premises of the Fresh Food and Ice Co., Marrickvillc, N.S.W., were burgled for the second time within a few weeks, and £370 taken from the sab- which was first packed in butter, and then blown open with dynamite. On the first visit £396 was taken in a similar maimer. Lightning apparentlv does strike sometimes in the same pla'ce twice A death recently occurred in tJle Christchm-ch (N.Z.) hospital from an thrax, the evidence showing that fh, disease had been contracted throng), (j!e medium of a Japanese sharing brush. A cable states that the visit of Field Marshal Hiudenburg to Munich was Al lowed by rioting and bloodshed between Monarchists and Republicans, the iatAr attacking the soldiers that had , m. panied Hlndenburg. i 0j'rTu/du> 39 divorces were granied Jv -If. Justice Gordon in the Sydney Divorce Court, and -500 suits are stiij listed for hearing. The largest single shipment of gold bullion ever received in the United States arrived recently from Deumark Tbe shipment is valued at 35.000,000 dollars, and is believd to be of Russian Soviet origin. The Soviet Russian Government has issued a new decree abolishing capital punishment, except in districts IM,dCi martial law. Fire, years' imprisonment is now the maximum penally for any mis demeanor. A heavy rain and wind storm burst over New York last week, during the height of the summer season, when, manv I persons were hnlidaymaking along the , shores. The casualties amounted to 44 known to he dead. 30 missing. ;,nd 42 dangerously injured. More than o.Vt rowing boats, canoes and yachts were . capsized. » « The claim advanced by the Santh Afri can Government fpr con, pens, it inn in connection with (he delivery from Aus tralia of faulty wheat and flour, has now been .settled by the payment of Cfl.i.riOO in cash. The claim was for £.330.000. (if the sum total paid the South Australian and Victorian Wheal Boards arc debited with .£26,250 each, the Australian Wheat Board pays £30,000, and the (.bwern- 1 ment £32, 500. Ike aggregate loss of wages due lo the loqUuit in the British engineering trade is'.ttimated to exceed £9,000,000. » » » By an overwhelming majority the Syd ney Council has decided to take no step to petard Australian trade with Germane . A motion that the Council should not, directly or indirectly transact business with German firms or use German goods was lost. A cable received from the Prime Min ister of Canada has announced to the Federal Government the willingness of the Dominion to enter upon a reciprocal tariff- agreement with the Commonwealth The official estimate of unemployed in Britain as on -June 1, is 1,440,220, a de crease of 383,533 since January. z- The Federal Cabinet lias agreed to finance the New South Wales Voluntary vv neat l'ool to enable a second payment to be tuade to farmers in that State on the current wheat harvest. The American Relief Administration in Russia report- that about 7,000,000 Rtis sians in the Volga region are receiving assistance, and that the relief work is ex tending rapidly. About 120,000 tons of foodstuff reached the famine areas during May. and it is estimated that the famine is now under control until next harvest. Dr. Hammer, representing an American syndicate, who has returned to New York from Russia, has been granted a conces sion of about 1.000 square miles in the Ural Mountains at Ekaterinburg. He statcS that the tract contains vast depos its of asbestos and aluminium and work had already commenced ivilli modern n. wkjr.t-,;.-. American legislators hold that Uie United Slates should tell Japan fralikly that' America would never tolerate the Japanese position as to immigration, land-ownership, and race equality. At the Labor Convention held at Cin- c.'unatti, U.S.A., Samuel Goinpers. the President of the American Federation of Labor, revealed that since 1920 the fed eration had lost about 88-3,000 members. »- It has been officially announced that France's period of compulsory military service is to be reduced from three years to one year, as before the war, and that the army is to be reduced to 630.000 men The Army contract for Australian frozen beef recently given to an Austral- hn firm, is estimated to absorb about 20,000 first-class quality bullocks, the .shipment of which will commence on July 1. » A full shipment of frozen beef, tallow, and bovril was dispatched from the Wynd ham Meat Works this week, by the Boonah. Loading" operations wore car ried out without any trouble, the work being done in 12-hour shifts, of which 6 hours was counted as overtime. It was recently reported that ail An gora buck was sold in Texas for £610. The fleece when shorn weightd 281b. and had a staple length of 26 inches, c Owing to the increase of crime in Vic toria. the Stale Cabinet has decided to adopt a system of motor patrol. Suitable v< hicles are to be supplied and the police force to" lie increased. i ' For the second time within a few weeks the Fitzroy branch of the E.S. and A. Bank, has been broken into and rob bed. On the first occasion £57 was stolen, all in copper- and on this occas ion, £57 was also taken, mostly in silver i At an early hour on Wednesday inoru- imr, the body of a young man named t'vril Thomas, 19, clad only in pyjamas, was found on the railway track at Bow- d, n. near Adelaide, having been run over by a train. It is thought that the man was walking in his sleep when the trag edy occurred. s s ' Through skidding on a greasy "track, a motor bus in Sydney, crashed into a tele graph pole in Military road, Mosmans, injuring 7 of the 22 passengers. There were some remarkable escapes from ser ious injury. s » At Nettle Creek, near Grafton. N.SAV. ,i stockman named Hacked was thrown from his horse, receiving a broken tliigli and oilier injuries. He was in a lonely spot, some miles away from the nearest habitat-ion. and only had his dog with him. ' After lying on the ground for some hours, he sirapped his coat to the dog, and sent- him home, the animal re turning in two hours with relatives of the injured man. 