SHE EEL ITS WONDERFUL LIFE. Marine zoologists have solved at last the ancient rwuie of the lue mstory ot ^e„i c ?, mmon Ur. Johs. Schmidt, a i * 1 zoologist, has now filled up [he lasL ot uie gaps In tne tale, and here it it- The »muit eel—ra male eel is an temaie at anything n-om ave to 20—rrom all the rivers, lakes, and ponds of JEulope set out seawards in autumn and wrnter, resting by day and travelling by night, especially on moonless nights They probably so about 10 m„ night! Reaching the open sea they neyer rc we know what becomes of them now. Their place of lionyemoon WWH 1 7 8 ,-' aj^ted "act of the North Atlantic, about 2500 miles southwest of England, and 690 miles northeast of the Leeward Islands. - There the larvae of the eel are bom in spring and early summer, apparently between 700 and 1000 feet below the,surface AS they grow during that first summer they move up towards the surface Next summer of their lives the larvae, now found in the centre of the. Atlantic, some impulse urging, them north-eastward towards Europe. The summer after that they are off the coasts of Europe. For the 10 months following this-third midsummer of their lives the darvae, now developing into elvers, seem to take no food at all. It, Is a period of some strain, for they have to make their wayJ up the rivers, then up their tributaries 1 and so—many of them—into remote inland pools, and at the same time "they have to change their gear, as it were, fronj that or aea life to that of fresh water. However, the stout creatures manage somehow to live on their faf. By the following April they art smaller then they were, but they have arrived. To add an extra marvel to their threeyear Odyssey of the baby eel, be comes from a breeding area used .also by a slightly different species,. the American eel. The larvae of the two species are found together, and are sometimes taken in the same net. Yet no American larvae, as far as is known, make for Europe and no European larva for America. Dr; Schmidt discovered why, by following both crowds of larvae up. The American kind, he found,, completes its larval siage in one year—just long enough for it to reach the American coast before its constitution begins to' cry out for fresh water and fresh wateV things. So if it made for Europe "it would, at the end of the -first year of the journey* be cast away In mid-Atlantic like ' a. wrecked mariner, with water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink; If, on the other hand. « larvae with -a European pedigree struck out for America, it would have to hang about _ off the ' American coast, like a quarantined ship, "for two years llntil its organism was Qualified to go up a river. Either would perish- One stands amazed and awed at the perfect certitude of Instinct which propel? each kind of eel. unguided by any accompanying parent, along the proper route of its own pilgrimage. But amazement grows deeper, if possible, in presence of the apparent enormity of Nature's exaction of effort both from the emigrant parents and from the immigrant young. • "What, one wonders,. cap the physical circumstances of the worlfl have been which evolved for the slusreifh-lookinfr creature that we see lyin? motionless on the mud, under clear ice conditions of racial continuance so much more exorbitant tii.m those imposed eiw upon mlsxatorv birds. Those who Ir enrlv youth lir.vp stooped to the basenes= or Inylng nichf-lines for eels may '-omember with some rr.miiilnt-tion il>e «<<iny fnvtiliiilp with wliii-li llie hool;*"' -51-ouVl win.1 himself l^nlitlv round t'hiinse nT the ••toui wiiler-lili- sterns ic 'e Uir fe.ivir.ir fc.inl of ,the ,; ne. Tli^v nf(>,l resolution, these eels.—"Maiicheslp- Guardinn." 