GENERAL CABLES. The Hnnltan steamer Avare 8,227 tons, I J capsized when leaving the dock at Ham- ' . bing and is lying in the mud Some lives have the lost A despatch from Tokio to the Honolulu Appu 1 Fiji," states that the new Premier (Baron Kato) contemplates rtAjucstinq the I throne to enfranchise all qualified citizens within 10 years since Dickens Pt Hotel ship has secured the option over the house in which Charles Du kins completed the famous Pickwick II III it It proposed to establish a national i Du kens shrine and museum there. Trinity College of Music in celebrating I its jubilee the Earl of shaft tesbury, who, resided at the festival dinner, said that the college had examined 53,180 students all our the world in 1921, as compared with a 12 987 in 1913 Vu Indian sowars (native cavalrymen) attached to the 31st Lancers, stationed at Niralhn Palestine, in a fit of insanity ran amok with a rifle, killing Captain Fleming and the Indian othccr»,<<rad wounding one 'silver r and four men. He then shot him self, but not fatally). The House of Commons has passed the Law of Property Hill, consisting of 300 pages the longest public measure ever passed by Parliament the bill is the result of 25 years' work, and will effect an pot taut reforms in the land tenure system The Premier of Western Australia (Sir Lieuts Mitchell), before leaving Great A Britain, declined to negotiate for the sale to a British syndicate of the West Aus- ?' tralian sawmills Ulio promoters, lie and, must forward their proposals direct to Perth; he declined to pledge the (Jones- meat. Success has attended the interesting experiment of bringing milk from South' Africa to London. The milk was sterilised of at 300deg. rulucnlieit by a Danish protests, that rietemiantxluirg, and was carried in to the roolroom of a steamer. When it reached the London Ino weeks later it was in perfect a condition. I 6 An agreement has been signed between) Mr 'Thomas Lamont, representing the In I International Bankers' Committee, and Senor s to de la Huerta, Secretary to the Mexican I" Treasury, by ninth Mexico will resume partial interest payments on her external debt, amounting to 5 100 000 000. All back interest, amounting to£40,000,000, has been cancelled. The ' Intransigent," a iie»v»napet- pub called at Paris, states that the aviation . murders near Folkestone, in which an Lug 1 bush doctor, ii I each passenger, and the pilot lost their lives, was due to the action of a demented passenger When the body "I of the pilot was recovered it was found is that he had been shot in the back of the in head, and the 'Intransigent ' asserts that the bullet must have been fired by a pass in secures Muted behind the pilot. ] ft At the trial in Montreal of the Rev. Father IN Lorme, a Roman Catholic priest, at the is charged with) having murdered his brother to again the life iiiaiirniiee, a fit lieu gave evidence that Defence had defied the lunch millionaire, treating them as he did his underlings, and was rather in the tenants on his property. Delornie at Yunta other people in having placed feathers and blood in the motor-car in which his brother took his last ride L I The man who was arrested in a hotel ballot room at a bearing on interplay, admitted, I" when charged at the annual Court, that he was (Hraid love Bevan, formerly running of the City Popiltah!.. Life At ing plan for . . J. humane Continue), north recently failed He had been hung under the musical name with a 1 lentil immun It is reported that Japan, after ultiiuplttig to joining suicide, under Hird the detectives that he had not gained anything from the irregularity in, the matter of the company a.s tradition is'. proceeding are bring lukin II Before leaving Vancouver for Australia {,. the Premier of South Australia (Sir U N R.! lies she) told a torn spond out that he had! found that the in I'd for competition among II" the English speaking races, in a storm the;.. world balancing, was steady mobilised in a th ( roads and the United States he tween "I south n for fully feeling existed It is" preached to a xli and the I an affair and An Italian trade, to the advantage of both Australians mm King in India it should not America, while Canadians and Ame mails should visit Australia Canada nettled immigration, but it should come from England 