AUSTRALIA. ' OUR EMPTyCpNTINENT. . ; LORD NORTHGLIFFE'S VIEWS': Australia's insistoncq upon immi grants .of first-class moral and physi cal standard may seem harsh, but it is oqually as important to the Empiro as to Australia that the Commonwealth should bo kept u white, " says Lord Northciiffo in the third articlo of his series in "Tho Times" on "Tho Empty Continent.'? Ho draws atten,- tion to the severe handicap imposed by tho high steamship rates. The successful British immigrant is tho best immigration agont. Therefore cautious -beginnings aro likely , to pro- duco tho best- evqntual results, ho pror ceeds. The two forms of assistance aro selec tion and nomination. " Selected" immigrants consist of farmors <or inexporienccd people with capitul):who aro willing' to start farm ing, experienced farm laborers, inex- pcrioncqd laborers, who are willing to go on the land, lads for farms,, dom estic workers, lady helps and a limit ed number of special artisans who aro unobtainqblo . in Australia. The prospects for all. rural workers aro remarkably good, but it will' bp impossible to obtaiii 100,000 annually in Great Britain. Probably it will be necessary to attract peasants from selected Continental countries. In view, of tho enhanced wages of farm laborers in Great Britain and tho continued roluctance. -of British furni- era- to qmigrato to. Australia, the groat majority of immigrants must bo inex- porionce.d at 'farming. .Thero nood be no. misgivings abdut' this. ; The Commonwealth proposes to ob tain all ihb1, rural workers' posaiblo, then to obtain boys and lads who will undertako to engage in farming. Pro bably 80 > per cent. of the prosperous Australian farmors began as laborers. Tho prospects for advancement were never better' than to-rday. Inexperienc ed workers ought soon to be saving .£50 a year/ with the object of begin ning on their own account with a few hundrcds of capital He, instances victoria's youtntui im. migrants before the war, a fow . of whom wore obtained from the English countryside. \- Regarding nominations. Lord North., cliffo considers that tho valuable fca- turo about the system iB that it ou-; ablos'mombors of growing families to' immigrato. and' the boys are able to start on the land immediately after having left school. Evon txhdo . unions do. not object to theso boys starting on equal terms , with , tho Auotralian _ born,.' - /.a ; -. , IMMENSE RICHES. - Glbwing r4foronces i to J.ther..'agric'il- ; tural possibilities of Australia are made „ in the fourth of the series of articlos. Lord, Northciiffo says it is doubtful if the averago Australian evon vaguely , realises the immense riches of his con tinent. '-CHcapness of fertility' 3iavto. made the Australian farmer thd most ; prodigal in tho world. There are still : onormous areas, of splendid land uns alienated, ;but requiring railways, "When ' theso are dovoloped and' more' intensive . agricultural methods aro omployed| . "the increase \of Australia's primary- production will astonish tho world, and. perhaps Australia most of all.". If tho. Australian farmor wore to soo tho poverty of much of tlio. land farm- i oil in . the Coiitihent of Europe, lie would realiso that his cor- called second- class land would -bp eagerly seized by. the lcsB fortunate countries. He might turn his attention to the necessity for maximum development by new mothods, . and thuB make- Australia one of the . largest an4 most vital producing coun tries of tho world. ' " , Tho area of safe wheat-growing land allows, of a twcntvfold exnanaion. and on the present acreage tho .average re turns are capable of voBt' improvement; Tho very richness of tho soil has on- couragod speculative methods and rail-' anco on a big acreage rathor than, on good cultivation. Good farmers are getting 50 per cent," better yields than their neighbors, whoso land is oqlmliy good, Nowhe'ro in tho world/ concludes Lord Northeliffe, aro the prospects for tho vvhoat grower brighter than in : Aus-. 'tralia. It is in the low cost of pro duction tlmt tho. Australian has the .advantage, . Ho makes a detailed ex amination of the Buitablo wheat acre- ago in tho various Statos, with esti mates of tlio cost for purchase nnd doarlhg. FARMING METHODS ' 0RITI0I8ED. The Danish cow produces twice as much as the Australian cow, though the' land in Australia is far. more fer- tilo, writes Lord' 'NorthdifJ iu tlio coucludihg article. v ' ' ( Yet, ho says, 'the Australian dairy, furmer is mpro prosperous owing to his broador ucros and. exceptional na tural advantages/. ; ; . Thero aTo no bounds to Australia's possibilities in' dairying- but compared- With .. Denmark's acbioyomYjnts uhdor : harsh, natural condition's Australia is . far in the rear, Tho Australian attompts top' much, but is convinced that Ms methods aro sound, . | An onormoua incrcaso in production is possiblo .with moro intcneivo mothods of cultivation, and, the utllisation.of tho abundant,; rich, virgin . country which is stili relatively clioap. Tho Aus. tralian . farjr /dses/not: realise the '.valuo of his inheritance; , r / Regarding fruit and 'Aineaj Austra lia has only started/ but hor competition will soon be felt in the world's mark ets.,. Given. improved organisation, no country, can produce, bettor and cheap er/fruit. Siiitnblo land is .available in, every . Stato, and the choico is .bo-; wildoring. . ' . 