The Week at a Glance. QUEENSLAND. THURSDAY, April 6. " The Toowoomba Show was officially opened yesterday by his Excellency the Governor. In the course of his Speech Sir Matthew Nathan said that the Premier had ap proved of 50 Iboys from tbe Church Army P*arm in England being brought to Queensland monthly, so long as employ ment could be found for them, and a ahnilar number of-Boy Scouts under the 'same conditions, provided their passage could State. V At the Enoggera stock sales yesterday prime mutton sold up to 3Jd. per lb. Bullock ibeef w?s worth from 15/ to 17/ jper 1001b., and cow beef from 11/ to 13/. The industrial position: at Maekay is co serious that a public meeting is being suggested to urge the Government to expedite railway construction to absorb the large numbers of unemployed. Joseph Rudd (aged 30), a farmer, of Clifton, sustained injuries to the right shoulder and probable dislocation of the collarbone, as the result of his horse falling with him. The Rockhampton Ambulance Bri gade Committee has decided to vote u£loo to the Mount Morgan centre, which Ks in financial difficulties owing to the Hong closure of the mine. Silver-lead mining ds in' full awing at Blackbutt, and a? jthe reef is widening the company is ieon?idering a proposal to put in stampers ,to crush the ore*. The Union Trustee Co. of Australia, Ltd., show a profit of £14,019/13/10 on (the year's operations, out of which an interim dividend of 10 per cent, was paid on August 31 last, and a further dividend of 10 per cent wall be paid for the half year ended February 28. 1922. Mr. R. E. Vernon, who has experience of growing cotton in. three continents, .sjtates that Egyptian cotton can be grown profitably in Queensland, and experi mental planting of this variety at Capella produced fibre of a very- high quality, .which was valued at 6d. per pound more, .than American cotton. In the Wooooo Shire, on the Gayndah line, 39 positive cases of hookworm were found out of 232 "persons examined ; a of 16.8. Mr. Theodore intends visiting the (North early in May. The stewards of the -Kedron Park Racing Club have dedided that Gollywog «nd Hutana were one and the same gelding, and the gelding and its owner for attempted "ringing an." • An aboriginal named Gunnawarah was sentenced to death for murder at Cook- town yesterday, and four other aborigin- als, who pleaded not guilty, were com- mitted for trial at the next sittings of the court. Dr. John Shirley, D.Sc, the veteran educationist, **ed at his residence, Coot- Itha, Bowen Hills, yesterday mornikg, of heart trouble. "Snowy" Baker has discovered a pos sible "white hope" at the Los Angeles 'Athletic Club. His name is Rolf Smith, end he is 21 years of age, 6ft 7in. in his stocking*, and weighs 17st. 31b. He has four fights and four knock-outs to his credit. "Snowy" thinks he has * good chance of being the future world's heavyweight champion. ' FRIDAY, April 7. 4A Wednesday train service between Brisbane- and Rockhampton, in addition to the present service, and a limited express,, between (Brisbane and Buuda berg will be instituted about the middle cf May. Thomas Felix (32, married) was killed by a fall of coal in the City Colliery, West Ipswich, yesterday morning. \- Fine weather prevailed for the conclud ing day of the Toowoomba show yester day, when principal interest centred in the ring events. . Claude Lochel (aged 8 years), resid ing at Wil3onton, almost severed the little finger of his left hand yesterday With a tomahawk. . . Information was received in Warwick on Tuesday night that a loaded, V.H. waggon, part of a, coal train Coming from Tannymorel, had jumjped the.rails and fallen across the cattle grids about three-quarters of a mile from Yangan. Nurse Maud Watherston, matron of the Harrisvttle Hospital, after nine years' service, has relinquished her .•barge. * The Mullumbimby Agricultural Society ds endeavouring tip secure better boat ana Mil facilities for getting its exhibits to Brisbane for the show. At present the time occupied is three days. Miss Jean His;het,.Nambour, has been appointed supervisor of/ the Domestic Science branch of the Bundaberg Tech nical College. Mr. S. J. Munro, who has been in the auctioneering business some time, has left Cooroy with Mrs. Monro, *en route for Herberton, where he will take up the duties of minister for the Metho dist Church. Mr. Parry Okeden (Auburn), who was * Chinchilla during the week, reported t extensive bush fires had occurred vi At the meeting of tbe [Executive Coun cil yesterday approval was given to the establishment of a State school at. Tib rogargan, Beerburrum. Executive autho rity has been given to the reservations for State school purposes of the follow ing areas:—Two acres" at Bartle Frere, parish Bellenden Ker; 2 acres 2 roods, at Mena Creek, parish Japoon; 6 acres 2 roods 37 perches, at Bell Bird, parish Nanango. Approval was given by the Executive Council yesterday to the operation of a regulation under the Fruit Cases Act, pro- viding for the use of a half-bushel case for custard apples. (The new case is 26in. long, 10 2/3 in. wide, and 4in. deep. The State arsenic mine at Jibbenbar, Stanthorpe district, is again being operated after having been closed down for a con- siderable period. Work on a somewhat smaller scale than formerly was resumed about two weeks ago, 12 men being em- ployed. It is expected that the furnaces will be in operation next week. Mr. J. Dempsey, who was the manager of the first Styx River coal mine, is managing the arsenic mine. At a meeting of the Special Blowfly Committee it was decided to make a full statement of the results of the various re- searches of the committee under appro- priate headings, and that informative articles should be prepared and made available to the Press. On Anzac Day Sir Ross Smith and his brother, Sir Keith Smith, will leave Eng- land on a flight round the world, via America, Japan, China, India, Egypt, and Europe. The water service for irrigation pur- poses at the State farm at Home Hill, in the Inkerman irrigation area, was started on Tuesday in full flow, and was working smoothly. Representatives of the sugar interests met the Premier and Minister for Agri- culture yesterday, and it was agreed that Mr. Steve D Walker, of the "Bundalberg Daily News," should be offered the posi- tion of representative of the sugar indus- try in Melbourne, whose duty it would be to place the facts concerning the in- dustry before the public through the medium of Press and platform. At Longreach, a woman named Little held a lighted match near a tin of petrol when an explosion occurred and she was badly burned. Replying to a deputation, the Premier (Mr. Theodore) stated that it would be unsatisfactory to have unrestricted immi- gration at present because there were so many unemployed. In a year of two, he, said, there would be a rapid development of the land settle- ment policy, and having satisfied the de- mand of our own residents we could look elsewhere for land settlers. Mr. Herbert Perry, chairman of direc- tors of Perry Bros., Ltd., died rather sud- denly this morning at his residence in Brisbane. The Queensland Meat Export Co. an- nounced yesterday that it would give 7/6 per 100lb., and open its meatworks if the owners would guarantee 30,000 cattle. Mr. T. Crawford, of Tara, a beef ex- pert and breeder, observed that too much time was now given to the breeding of large cattle. When an animal grew to a weight above 700lb. the flesh became coarse and less valuable. He advocates the crossing of Alberdeen-Angus with Shorthorns and Herefords. A further batch of 51 immigrants ar- rived at Brisbane by the Osterley. The vessel also brought 60 Italians. With the commencement of operations at Many Peaks and Rannes, there has been a big influx of unemployed to Rock- hampton, about 20 per cent coming from outside the State. Prominent men in the meat export trade are reticent regarding the Federal Governments offer of a subsidy of - a farthing in the lib. to alleviate the aoitt* position. The Queensland Cattle. Council repre sentatives are. satisfied that if all con cerned complied with the conditions neces sary to fulfil tbe undertaking,. it would be a great boon to the unemployed woqjks, fne proprietors, and the producers. The abandoned orchards in the Pikedale settlement, many of them depreciated to the extent of £10 per acre, are to be cut. up and allotted to the remaining settlers in order to increase their holdings, ' The Obarleville Town Council has de cided to lease the aerodrome to the Com monwealth • Government 'at a rental of £5 per annum, with the right of use for private planes * Xiieut. M'Guinness, otf the Northern Territory- Aeroplane Co., injured his pro peller -when landing at the CbarlevHle aerodrome, owing to heavy ■undergrowth, and he was obliged to get a' new pro peller. Three returned soldiers obtained em ployment on tihe Pavilion Theatre, in Brisfbane, and es they, welte not unionists i an ultimatum was sent to the contractor Stating that if they were not dismissed forthwith the jab would be declared "black," and all the men called out. As the employer was under a time limit he reluctantly dispensed with the men. ' A collision occurred between a fruit train and a light engine at the Laidley railway station yesterday, and both' . en gines were badly damaged. The perma nent way on the up line was also damaged. Aifter doing a bit of Sherlock Holmes Work in the Tooley-street ('London) markets, a well-known Queenelander traced: a consignment of 1000 casea of butter from^, this State selling as "best Danish." 'During 1920 Revaluation of the city of Brisbane, (was increased iby nearly £1,000,000 and the additional Id. rate, (which has just Ibe.en struck, is causing considerable anxiety to property owners. The Governments of the Southern States have notified the Queensland authorities that the railway passes held by ex-membere of the Queensland Leg:«/ la>tive Council will not be honoured in those States. The Premier and Minister for Agricul ture explained Uhe Government's pro posals regarding the formation of an agri cultural council and on advisory board for the sugar industry, and it was agreed that the A.S.P*A. should nominate two members and the U.C.G.A. a Hke num ber to the (provisional council, which would hold office for not" more Ahan 12 months. SATURDAY, April 8. Thieves entered the store of Mr. H. liindenberg, at Pittawortfl\ and, breaking open the safe in the office with explosive, secured notes, silver, and gold amounting to £150. After working all night at the scene of the railway mishap, near Yangan, the breakdown gang succeeded in clearing the line by the removal of. the coal truck from the rails and cattle grids. Tl«re is no explanation of the cause of tbe accident. The issue of rations to unemployed miners has been resumed at Sapphire town. iDr. Earle Page, leader of the Federal Country Party, ing the sugar industry in Java, has ar rived in Townsville.' 'Dr. Page k accom panied by Senator Pratten. -^ / Messrs. Fraser and Campbell, members of th.c Main Roads Board, are touring the principal Toads of the Stanthorpe dis trict. The Newstead Meat Company, iLtd., has donated ten quarters of beef (approxi mately 1500?b.) for the benefit of the dis tressed scfldiera of Brisbane and their de pendents. (Mrs. Mary Gear Walsh received a gun- shot wound in -the right thigh at South Brisbane last night, and a man named Frederick Olsen was arrested and charged with intent to kill her. Thomas J. Kennely, licensee of the Wheafcsheai Hotel at East Greenmount, wa? proceeded against on seven charges of veiling adulterated whisky, and was lined £36/18/6 and costs. Mr. iLarcombe (Minister for Railways) states that it is intended to expedite matters at the Styx River coal mines, as the Government is anxious to see the Central Queensland export trade built up. Ths financial statement of the, Univer sity of Queensland for 1921 shows a debit balance of £4600. ; MONDAY, Aprfl 10. The plebiscite to select the National candidate for Maree in the next State elections resulted in the selection of Add. J. W. Hetherington. * There was a good display at the. Queens land Kennel Club's one point parade on Saturday. J. Reid's Kedron Mite won the grand cbampions'hip sash. Samuel Dixoh (aged 23), a boilermaker, residing in Mort-street. Toowoomba, died at the Toowoomba Hospital last night fiom injuries received through falling from a bench on to the handle of a hoe. George. Grand (aged 30), residing' with bis wife at Kin Kin, died in*" the Gympie Hospital en Saturday as the result of injuries received through Being thrown from his horse on the Cootharaba-road) near Gympie.. '" , The Tooiwoomba Turf Club's carnival 'meeting was'concluded on Saturday, when Dwin won the Toowoomba Cup from Salopian and 'Molly Hatan. The lugger Leila, 14 tons, is reported to have struck a "reef near Cape York, and sunk. All hands were «aved. A Chinaman, Wing Lum, was killed at Townsville on Saturday through jumping but of a sprjng cart attached to a bolt ing-horse. , ( ; There are now 23,782 war pensions in force in Queensland, involving an annual liability of £761,105. The—number of claims received to date is 35,558. Of this number 33,122 have been granted. 2403 refused, whilst 28 are undetermined. The deaths have occurred of 740 persons in re ceipt of war pensions. > , The Archbishop of Brisbane (Dr. Sharp) visited Esk dn Wednesday, and gave confirmation to eight women and girls and seven men and boys at St. Agnes' Anglican Church. The Department of Repatriation placed eight discharged men in employment dur ing the week ended April 8. There are now 238 unemployed on the books of the Department, as compared with 243 at the previous week-end. A recommendation by the Dairy Advis ory Board that all cheese for export should be created at the factories, and consigned therefrom direct to cold stores, -will Come into force from the commencement of neit export season. Joculater won the First Division' Han dicap ; and Hose o' Canning the. Second Division at Aflbion Park on Saturday. J. Andrdwts and E. Bergstrom were sug -pended from riding -for one and two months, respectively, for crossing and in terfering 'with other horsea. -The first prize at the Maryborough Eis teddfod for an essay, not to exceed 1000 words, on "Aims and Values of Eiatedd fodau," was won by "London," the norn de plume of Mr. C. H. Allen, Warwick. Messrs. W. Bebbington and J. Peteraen, Me.L.A., addressed a •well-attended meet ing on Saturday nigolt at Alton Downs, and Mr. Bdhbington dealt caustically with the Labour legislation and its effects on the farming and ipa«tc?ral industries. He declared that the heavy taxation of the man an the land wa« responsible for the drift to cities. TUESDAY, April 11. Representatives of the Cattle Council) of the ' meatworks, and of the unions operating in the meat industry conferred with the Premier yesterday and discus' Bed various matters, including the wage and freight reductions. The ballot for the election of a board under the Cheese Pool Act resulted in the appointment of Messrs. H. Keefer (Pittsworth), W. Purcell (Greenmount), H. T. Anderson (Biddeston), J. E. Dean (Maryborough), and H. L. Pentecost (Greymare). While in Melbourne recently the Minis ter for Works (Mr. Forgan Smith) in terviewed the Minister for Repatriation, who informed him that the Queensland Government's proposals for the construc tion by it of war service homes had been agreed to, and a draft agreement prepared. The Mayor of Gympie (Alderman L. J. Thomas) was proceeded against by Wil liam Brown in the Gympie Police Court yesterday for having voted at a-~City Council meeting in a matter ia which he was alleged to have had a -pecuniary in terest. Mr. J. Bracewell, P.M., who heard the case, dismissed the complaint. Lieut. F. L. Roberts is in Liamore mak ing arrangements in connection with the inauguration of the aerial mail and pas senger service between Syitoey and Bris bane in July. Mr. A. Wright ha« been selected as the National candidate for the Bremer electorate. The collection made in Ipswich on Saturday by the Ministers' Fraternal in aid of the fund for the relief of distress in Europe realised £59/10/7. The death of Mrs. Evelyn Royle, o£ •Fort-Btreet^ Maryborough, occurred at ? Maryborough private hospital last even-' ing .from injuries received as the result of he> clothes catching fire. L. O. Hucker, a boilermaker employed at the North Ipswich Railway Work shops, was struck in the eye by a splin ter of- steel while at work. He was conveyed to Brisbane for treatment. The school cricket premiership waf woa ■ by the Christian Brothers' School, Too woomba. The North Ipswich School team was rumiers-up. Mrs. Hbrrigan's Toowoomba property, Kellala, the Range, has been sold to Mrj Donald Fletcher, of Eurella station. Thtf price is stated to be have been in the vicinity of £8000. Margaret E. O. Arundel has been transferred from assistant teacher at th« Warwick High School to assistant teacher at Charters powers. Stefan Margo was charged with th« wilful murder of Zaharey Bcznosuk at the Cairns Wharves on January 22. Mr. M'Laughlin appeared for the accused. After hearing the evidence the jury re* turned a verdict of guilty. The Minister for Works and Stat* Enterprises . (Mr. Forgan Smith) said yesterday that while in the South re cently he did "a certain amount of pro paganda in connection with the renewal of the sugar agreement." "* lAt Ade-, laide he also inspected the abattoirs and' the co-operative cold stores, and in Mel bourne the abattoirs. _ .It is announced officially that returned soldiers (who are compelled to leave their employment on account of illness due tor ■war service, after (being in employment' six montbls. are eligible for further unem ployment sustenance under certain condi* tiona. , His Grace the. Archbishop of Brisbane (Dr. Sharp) visited Gabton on Sunday and confirmed a- large number of candidates at the Ma Ma Creek Church. The summer rama, "Which practioaHjr ceaaed in February, caused a wonderful growth df grass everywhere in the Central district, and it is conceded that a better summer,-a# far as natural fodder supplies for stock ia concerned, had not been ex perienced for years. With a view to co-ojperation with th? movement for stabilising the prices of dairy produce, fo?rr raembVrs of the Dairy ing Advisory Board are visiting the South with a view of bringing about greater co ordination in the industry. The member* of the CommonwealtK Public Works Committee have arranged to be in Brisbane in t"h'e middle, of May tot' take evidence regarding the Nortn-Soutbi railway scheme propounded in Queensla/xdt as sn alternative route. The Minister for Mmes *?« approYtd oi m iurther subsidy of £780, on a basis of £2 for £1, being granted to the Gymjn? Southern Drainage Board. The R.6.5.1X..A. Executive has passed resolutions protesting against the entry of German goods into the Commonwealth, •nd disapproving of the influx^ of other (than British immigrant*. The Minister for Mine* (Mr. Jones) has flecided to cut up an area of 4700 acres on Thane's Creek into miners' leases under the new Miners' Homestead Per petual leases Act, and priority will be given to holders of the original homestead Rases. , Henry Robert King was committed for trial in Brisbane yesterday on a charge of having unlawfuly attempted to kill Patrick Joseph McNamara, a warder at St. Helena, on March 9. Ivy Morgan, aged 34, and carrying a young baby, was fined £5, or fourteen days, in Brisbane, on a charge of stealing black taffeta dress, valued at 15 guineas from Overell and Co. WEDNESDAY, April 12. -High tributes to the good work being 'done by the Mater Misericordiae Hospital were voiced yesterday by his Excellency Jtbe Governor and other speakers at the Annual meeting of the institution. In the Chehnsford* Cup competitions yesterday Maryborough Grammar School beat Rockhampton in the rowing event, but Rockhampton won the cricket match. •Mr. H. E. Pratten, M.H.R., who arriv ed at Townsville yesterday, expressed the opinion that^he recent New South Wales elections were a smashing blow at State Socialism. , . Edward Kraft, whose parents reside in Petrie- terrace, and who was employed by Mr. R. Weedon, Nerang, was drowned ;while bathing in Nerang Creek yesterday. The President of the Metropolitan "Water Supply and Sewerage" Board (Mr. 15\. J. T. Manchester), in speaking yester day of the coming Easter holidays, said that they -would cost the board no less a ■urn than £6600. The conference oi representatives of the meat interests and of the employees ]n_the industry convened by t!he Premier was continued yesterday afternoon. Tho Fttnmer subsequently informed our representative that finality had- not been reached, and that the conference would resume later. Woodley's Ltd., after nine months' drilling operations, have completed the Weirbolla Trust bore for the Water Supply Department. The site is on Hutherglen, and the area proposed to be watered is about 130,000 acres. The con tractors are about to start work on the drain lines. The measured flow from the bore is over 1,000,000 gallons daily, and the depth is 3313 ft. 