Movements in wlotordom. PERSONAL AND OTHER DOINGS* i Dr. Cuthbert, the well-known medico of Beauforirstreet, has just purchased an Overland Four fitted with an Aus tralian body. Several of the recently arrived im migrants have brought their motor cycles from the Old Country with- them and intend maViTig use of the machines in inspecting the country. * « The price of the Overland Four fitted with the standard Australian body, five tyres and tubes, nickel toe plates and rubber mats, tools, side curtains, speedometer and complete equipment, ip £360. Mr. Richard Purser has just taken delivery of an Overland Light Four, fitted with a special Daniel White body. Mr. Purser has owned an Overland Four for two years and it is sure proof of the satisfaction he has received when he now buys his second. 9P * Mr. Cliff Matthews, of Wyalcatchem, writes to Adams Motors Ltd. with re ference to his second Overland. F*ur: 'I may say the car is running splen didly — 4260'miles to date, does 150 miles to 1 tin petrol, very light on oil, starts with a touch, and not a puncture to date.' * * At Rockingham. last Sunday there must have been -least 50 or €0 motor cars at this popular seaside resort. A party of ladies who were walking along admiring the various cars were'' over heard to Temark, as ~they passed one. car: 'What a beautiful looking car; this is the best we have seen. On inspection it was discovered to be Dr. Merryweather's Willys-Knight. * * Mr. Daly, of Daniel White and Com pany, who has owned Overland Fours since they came on this market, had a specially designed body fitted on his Overland chassis on show at the Royal Show. ThiB body created so much in terest that Messrs. Adams Motors Ltd. have had quite a demand for similar bodies. These can be supplied at a slight extra cost over the usual list price. The efforts of a number of enthusi asts to form a motor yacht dub in Queensland have reached fruition. At a recent meeting, held in Brisbane, ft was decided to form the club, and officials were elected. The patron is Sir Mathew Nathan- The aim of the club is to foster motor yatching of all classes. Races will be arranged for all types of boats, and championships con ducted regularly. Selznick Film Manager BwVwTl Smitb is delighted with his new 4-seater jOjfr roen. Majestic Jack Watte seemr%- ' lake it, too. That Dodge car, whose occupants in sist upon worrying girls of an evening, is known to the police, bo we give tiiem toe tip to 'let up.' * * Mr. F. R. Tarker, of Parker and Co., Hay-street, leaves this week-end on » tour of tne Albany districts. A Buick 4 will be used. A ft Secretary J. W. Paterson, of the Auto Club, is being beeeiged with en quiries about the roads in various parts of the State. Motorists axe ap parently getting ready for Xmas. * * Another instance of tie exceptional mileage given with tie cord tyres now standard on Dodge cars is supplied by Mr. L. P. Coyne, of Northam, who writes on tne 9th inst. stating ke, hast now done over 11,000 miles on toe original tyres, which are still in £ood running order. * * Messrs. Miller and Ferstat, . of Wyal catchem, write to say they axe very pleased with the new Dodge car xecenfe- ? ly purchased. ' The car is averaging 34* miles to the gallon of petrol, and they anticipate doing muck belter than titis when the engine is ran. in. ? - \r _':.-_ * . ,* ?'?? V ???? -.-.V ?'? ' 'Mr.- W. J. Winterbottom,- . managing . director of tie Winterbottom . Motor* | Company, who- has been In Melbourne\ attending the annual conference of the p Australian Dodge dealers, is expected to* return to Perth by the Great Western on Sunday, the 19th inst. Mr. A. Montgomery, representing Dodge Bro thers, Detroit, will be returning in company with Mr. Winterbottom. Mr Montgomery is completing' his tour of the various Australian agencies, and will be proceeding to South Africa from W.A. * *\ From the Italian press it is learnt that tie Danish trovernment is caning for designs of special aircraft, suitable to accompany a proposed expedition from Denmark to the polar regions next year. The machines are to Be multiengined flying boats, with a greet endurance and high, useful load, and must be capable - of carrying various scientific instruments, in addition to a powerful wireless set. They must have a big range of speeds, and a very strong central hull suitably constructed for alighting on and taking off from ice. The machines will be taken by I ship as far as possible, and then the i exploration will be continued by air 1 craft. 