I World's Mew Thc death of Voa Falkenhayn, the German General who ligurcd promi- nently during the war, is reported. Arabella Goddard ».Mrs. Davidson), the famous pianiste who loured Aus- tralia in the seventies, died recently. The Clonmel Sessions (Ireland), functioning as a l^ee State court, was ' suppressed by a party of thc LK.A. troops. ' Sir John Benn, an cx-chairmc.il of the London County Council, and mem- ber <>f tlie House of Gommons, died lately. The evacuation of Shantung by ihe Japanese army was commenced last Monday, when 500 troops embarked for Japan. Oklahoma and Western Texas were Visited hy a cyclone and ten persons killed. There was considerable damage to property. Mr. W. M. Hughes (Prime Minister} will lay the foundation stone of the new Y.A.L. Hall in Perth at 3 p.m. on Sunday next. According to- a Sydney report, there is a possibility that the Federal Par- liament will be transferred to Can- berra by 1924. Wages of all male employes of the Sydney City Council have been re- duced 3s. per week. This is expected to save £500 weekly. Superintendent -Nicholson has been appointed Chief Commissioner of Vic- torian Police for three years at a sal- ary of £1050 per annum. Mr. Percy Hunter (Commonwealth Director of Immigration in Britain) succeeds Mr. Gullett as. Superintendent of Immigration in Australia. Sydney picture theatres were re- fused permisison to show on Good Fri- day, although other theatres were al- lowed to hold performances. The dead body of Paul Anton Facius (55), a carpenter, of Field-street, Mt. Lawley, was found on tits beach at Cottesloe on Tuesday evening. A wordy conflict occurred between M. Tcliitcherin (Russia) änd M. Bar thou (France) during the opening scenes of the Genoa Conference. Persons other than members of the Crown forces within specified areas have been prohibit vd i>y lire Ulster Government from possessing arms. The second earth tremor felt in Mel- bourne of recent date was experienced last Monday night, it lasted for about one minute, -and was of a severe na- ture. A start was made at the Wyndham Meat Works last Tuesday, when >20 head of cattle belonging to Messrs. Connor, Doherty and Durack were put through. The Adelaide horse-killing fiend is stated to be at work again. A horse was recently discovered near the West terrace cemetery with its throat se- verely gashed. . Major-General Sir J. Gellibrand has relinquished command of the Third Division of thc A.I.F., and has been placed on the 6th Military District's unattached list. I Sir Patrick Manson (TS), the cmi I nent parasitologist, died in London re- cently. The discovery that malaria germs wore carried by mosquitoes waa credited to him. Over £5000 is already in hand In connection with the Warrior Day Fund in Melbourne which is to be used for Ute alleviation of distress among un- employed returned soldiers. James De M. Dupont (50), a married man residing at James-street, Perth, was suffocated hy a fall of sand while trigging a hole in a vacant allotment In Queen's-crescent, MU Lawley, on Thursday afternoon. A NOVEL FANCY DRESS Illustrating Kendenup Produce A South Australian aboriginal was sentenced to death in tile Port Augusta Court during the week for having mur- dered a native woman. The fact that the deed was in accordance with cer- tain tribal laws caused thc Judge to enter a strong plea for mercy. Sir Ross Smith and Sergeant Ben- nett, mechanic, were killed "at Brook- lands (England) last Thursday when making a trial in the machine in which they, with Sir 'Keith Smith, were to fly round the world. Sir Ross Smith, an Adelaide man, would have reached his 30th year on December 4 nest. ' Roscoe ("Fatty") Arbuckle been acquitted for the third time of the charge -ot the murder of Virginia Rappe, the film actress. The jury were cnly_a few minutes in reaching a deci- sion." Arbuckle was cheered by the crowd in the court room when the ver- dict was delivered. Lieut-Commander Hilton Young (Financial Secretary to the Treasury) stated in the House of Commons that tho British Government had contracted to supply 35,000 tons of Australian con-, centrales yearly to the National Smelt- ing Corporation. The contract is for 10 years, and dates from January, 101S. Colin Ross's mother interviewed Sir. Arthur Robinson (Attorney-General, Melbourne), and appealed on her son's behalf. She- requested that the execu- tion be delayed to allow of an appeal to the Privy Council. The Attorney General held out no hope, and was of the opinion thal io approach the Privy Council was iiBnlftfg. Despite numerous appeals, Colin Campbell Ross, convicted of the mur- der of Alma Tirtschke, will bc hanged on April 2-1 at IO a.m. A Melbourne policeman who was as- saulted and rendered unconscious by j a man was protected from further in I jury by a courageous woman, who used a stick with effect. Three Russians atid an Englishman (a military deserter) were hanged in Cairo recently. This was the lirst oc- casion on which an Englishman had been executed in Egypt for such a crime. The date of the Agricultural Confer- ence at Perth has been altered from April 24 to May 22, at the request of New South Wales, Victoria, and Tas- mania. Queensland has agreed to the alteration. The fifth death from plague in Syd- ney occurred last Tuesday. The vic- tim was a 15-year-old boy. Another lad of the same age was removed from a cement works at Alexandria to the ' Coast Hospital. The Majestic, now a White Star I liner, but formerly the German steamer j Bismarck, arrived at Southampton j (Eng.) during the week after sea trials. She is of £6,009 .tonsi and will sail for New York in May./ j í THE ROTOHINE j Winner of the junior skippers' ra oe for two years in succession. This boat is owned ."by Mr. ¡S. H. Déggatt, and was sailed on April S by Master V. Leggatt for;the içup presented by Mr. A. J. Burgess. Prime Minister Hughes reaches Kal- goorlie on Tuesday next and Perth on Wednesday. He leaves on the return journey to Melbourne on'the following Monday Cith). An attempt was made on thc life of Michael Colliqs, the Irish Free State Premier," by De Valeraitcs recently. They tore up portion of a railway lino over which Collins was expected to travel, but a timely discovery averted disaster. An unsuccessful attempt to wreck toe Maldon-Castlemaine (Vic.) train was made last week. Twelve sleepers were piled on the line near Huckleford, but the driver noticed the obstruction in time to halt the train some few yards from it. Cunard and White Star liners aro held up in London owing to a strike of wireless operators. The bone of contention is the question whether shipowners can call on operators to do work other than that connected with operating. Thomas Conlon was awarded 12 months' imprisonment in the Adelaide Police Court last Saturday week for pocket-picking. A Jap, the victim of the attempted robbery, proved to be an adept at Ju-Jitsu, and held Conlon un- til the police arrived. MISS FLORA RUSSELL I J First prize winner for piping at the band contest which was held lately J at Bunbury. The Commonwealth Steamship On riers' Association have applied to the ! Federal Arbitration Court for reduc- ! tions iu thc wages of shipping em- i ployes. The coronial inquiry into the death of Henry Alexander Maple, the Vic- j törian boy bushranger who was shot : by a party of civilians and police at ! Glen Nayook on !March 27, revealed j that death was due to a bullet wound ? immediately above the bridge of the ¡ nose. It was no¿ in the opinion of : Dr. Bey", of Warragul, a case of sui- j cide. ! I The_ German Dye Trust and the j French Dye Stuffs Company have , reached an agreement whereby Ger- I many is to give Franco technical aid and to disclose laboratory secrets, j while France will confine her output of the dye stuffs to the demands of ; France and her colonies, and- to hand over 50 per cent, of the profits to Oer- , many« j Belgium - recognises America's claim for the costs of tho army's occupation of the Rhine area. An agreement has been arrived at hptween German and Danish di-lega tes regarding the Schleswig frontier. A proclamation iFsutd in 1914, pro- hibiting tile export of wheat or flour from Australia \\\ ithout the permission of the Minister for Customs, has been ri voted. 