CANADIAN IMMIGRATION, POPULATING THEI WIST, Even with the hurly-burly of a geaneal; aleutlon ot its hands, the Canadian Gov-: ernment has not overlooked the import-, nee of securing suitable now settlers inm the country from oversoas, principally, owing to the pressure that is being, brought to boear on the Federal authot-i. tioes by the varloes Canadian provinces, who are urging a closer settlement In their aparsely-populated immense areas f hlghly- prodUctive land (writes a Van codver correspondent on December 8). nMontlon haa already been made of Ontario's enterprilsing efforts to persuoadel British, Norwegian, and Danish aegricl-: turlsts to try their luck in the old Cana. dian province, and now Manitoba is com. poting for publlic attention, Iseaking more populatlon in its noted wheat growing, counttry. Mr. G. II, Malcolm, Minister for Agri-, culture In Manitoba; says the new Gor-; ornmont which has just booeen returned to' power In.Canada should immodlatoly sst1 about constructing a new immigrationt pollcy, Which will take Into account tileo requlreomonta of each province; Mr. Mal.; colim has successfully carried on farmlng, opOriLtlons In ManitobaL for over 20i. years, and Is in a position to substitutel raots for theories when discussing tho' vital subject of' securlng, more agrlcul-, uroal sottlors for his province. But bb-. fore the now Government settles upona an Immlgratlon policy, Mr, Malcolm laI urgilng a meeting of represoentatives from all provincial Departments of Agrloul-: ureo and the Department of Immlgratloun and Colonlsatlion of the Fedoral Govern eont, with each prepared to state what, part his province .is ready to tako In' order to seouro now settlers for farmlng, dIlsrlcts during the eomlng season. If the West is to bo sure of an h-. aroused agrloultural population in the Im mediato feturo it will be nocessaory that sny plan put forth should embrace the, expenditure of sufnicieont sums of money! to assist now settlers.' Tho Dominton Oovernmont ban withdrawn all homestead lands, which in Mr. Malcolm's opinion is' t very good proceeding, as mlany of those wvoro miles from railways in unimproved' localities alod isolated districts, and there are still millions of auros of good land' cservad by such railways, awaiting settle mont, Consaidorable capital is necessary at thi present time in order to Durchase lond and equlpmelt, and many good agri culturists are not in a posaltion to do so without sopplemontary asslstance. According to Mr, Malcolm, it should, be the duty of the Dominlin Government, to secure and bring settlers into the pro-, vlnces, and the duty of eochl province to, 0e0 that they are properly placed and sys tomatlcally guldtd until they become firmly establlshod. If settlors nro wi0ely directed thoro wile' he fewer failures and the drift bnok to tlhe cities will bo leosoned, he holloves. Again, thoto are. nmany roeal agrlcultur ette in- the cities who come to Canada. with the intention of farming who have: never boon properly tanlen In hand. An Immigration policy should taelo the wel fare of such Into account ond the.Domin ion's obligation diohaerged to them. The Canadian people have built very many yeors ahead, ntates Mr. Malcolm, It railways, cannia, etlonndid marble pub lie buildings, and gonoral inprovements, on a very largo acalo, end he considers it Is now neoocsary that the country should., immediately net about to secouro atlsfac-. tory inmigrants In order to develop the. boundless natural resources nnd help ro duco the overheand oxnpono of Canada. Agricultural collogos fall down if they cannot go out and solve the problems of the man In the Ilold, In the opinion of M'r. Maloolm,. Each province should be doing its share of resoearch work through such collcgeps, and those ashould all co operate in an ondonvour to gather ond dlasoomlnato pectlecnl information with re gnard to each locality to the men betwoon the plough handloes, I Mr. Mualanlm claims that the Province of Manltoha was the first in Canada to take Into account, thrIough its agrloultural aurvoy, general farming conditions, and, In fact, oeverything of interest in farm lifo. "We aro looking for tho troubloes of tile farmer, with a velow to combating theom," he said, "We have not only ar ranged for a ?urvoy of the soil, but hnve bean collecting past records of rainfall, dates of uearly and nlate froats, the dif feront districts in which certain grains nay be produoced, thu grade and value of grnlina, otc, We are now able to toll a farmer who) is now in a locality, and has made a failure of raising a certain grain, ;ust wllhat one may is prodauced by himn with success. In that wey he is enabled to avoid tho snrlous hardship of perhaps threo or four yeara of crop failure, with ita resultnnt penury and dislropa to hia famlly, which hIlas sometimeso caused Ill noas and oIna of lifo, "The sottlerLO meaost reandlly assimilated in Woestern Canda arc oulr American nolgilhbours, Moat of thsra coming to take up laund have )had farming experience al ready, and also bring along sufoiolent capl tal to behooome landownera Immodiately, Hle far they appeanr to be In the majorlty among next sanson's Immigrants to Mania toha.' etaba." Mr. Malcolm ridiculed the Idea that Wee. orn Calnada is grndeally becoming Amn ricanlod, nld lacklnlg in Imperiallam, do elarling it to he a bogey, Ie did, howover anknowledgo that n very largo amount o[ Amoriean aonpltnal Is hing linvoated thronghoet the Went, The UnivoMrely of Grenoble, to FrteC. hna for many yenru made a special ean ~tire of inetrontton tR~ rrar-power anld pOpwO ItrsWrilhiOU. 