THE WONDERFUL LIFE OF THE EEL Marine zoologists have solved at last the ancient riddlo of the life history of the common eel. Dr. Johs. Schmidt, u Danish zoologist, has now lill'ed up the lasfc of the gap3 in the tale, and here it is. The adult eels— a male eel is an adult at five or six years of age, and a female at anything from 'five to. 20— from' all the ri vers, lakes and ponds of Europe set out seawards in autumn and winter, resting by day and travelling by night, especially on moonless nights. They probably go about 10 miles a night. Reaching the open sea they never return. But we know- what becomes of them now. Their place of honeymoon aud nursery is a Unified tract of the North Atlantic, about 2,500 miles south-we:..!. of England, and 500 miles north-east of the Leeward Islands. There the larvae of the eel are born in spring, and early summer, apparently between 700 and 1,000 feet below the surface. As. they grow during that first summer they move up towards the surface. Next summer the one-year-old infants are found in tbe cen tre of the Atlantic, some impulse urging them north-eastward towards Europe. Tbe summer after that they are off the coasts of Europe. For the 10 months following this third midsummer of their lives, the larvae, now developing into elvers, seem to take no food at all. It is a period of some strain, for they have to make their way up the rivers, then up their tributaries,' and so — many of them— into remote in land pools, and at the same time they have to change their gear, as it were; from that of sea life to that of tfto fresh water. However, the stout creatures manage somehow to live on their fat. By the fol lowing April tb£y are smaller than they were, but they have arrived. To add an extra marvel to this three year Odyssey of the baby eel, he eome3 fr.om a breeding area used also by a slight ly different species, the American, eel. The larvae of the two species are found toge ther, and are sometimes taken in the same net. Yet no American larva, a? far as ia known, makes for Europe, and no Euro' pean larva for America. Dr. Schmidt dis covered why, by following both crowds of larvae up. The American kind, he found, completes its larval stage in one year — .lust long enough for it to reach tho '.Amer ican coast before its constitution begins to cry out for fresh water and ii osh water things. So if it made for Europe, it would, at the end of the first year of the journey, be east away in mid-Atlantic like a wrecked mariner, with water, water ev erywhere, and not a drop to drink. If, on the other hand, a larva with a Euro pean pedigree struck out for America, it would have to hang about 'off the Ameri can coast, like a quarantined bhip, for two years until its organism was qualified to go up a river. Either would perish. One stands amazed and awed at the perfect certitude of instinct which propels each kind of eel, unguided by any accompanying parent, along the proper route of its own pilgrimage. But amazement grows deeper, if possible, in presence of the apparent enormity of Nature's exaction of effort, both from the emigrant parents and from tho immigrant young. What, one won ders, can the physical _ circumstances of the world have been which evolved for the sluggish -look ing creature that we eec lying motionless on the mud, under clear ice, conditions of racial continuance so much more exorbitant than those imposed even upon migratory birds. Those who in early youth have stooped to the baseness of laying night-lines for eels may remember with some compunction the stony fortitude wjth which the hooked eel would wind 