A Page of Agricultural Information from Overseas. Electrically Dried Hay. In this sunny country we usually have very little difficulty in drying hay, t)ut abroad it is often found necessary to try artificial means. In Switzerland, for instance, a process has been worked out for substitutr ing electricity for the sun. The newly cut hay is packed in silos between metal sheets. The sheets are connected to an electric current supply circuit so that an alternating current of from 200 volts to 500 volts is passed through the hay between them. The effect of the current is to kill the microbes which cause damp vegetation to decay. From 130 kilowatt-hours to 200 kilowatt-hours * are required to complete the diy ing process. Imagine the added cost of hay cured in this way. After all the sun is one of our great assets. Science and the Farmer. The practical farmer, especially the ultra conservative one, is often ready to decry science and its teachings and to describe the work of the agricultural experts as "theo retical humbug." Sometimes he has right on his side; more often his criticism is the outcome of lack of knowledge of basic facts. It is re freshing, however, to turn to a man who has made a huge success of farming in America and hear what he has to say on the subject. When I was leaving the Church for the ■ farm, he writes, a retired farmer gave me this advice: "If you want to succeed on that farm throw away those books and papers and bulle tins and college teachings. Put on the overalls and go to work." I want to say that if I have made any suc cess it is due to the information, direction, and inspiration ot tnese very books, papers, and college teachings. An inspiration given me by Dean Henry has had a marked influence on my policies. He once said to me, "Keep right on pro ducing the quality of milk and let the people know what you are do ing." I have followed that sound counsel. Early in my work Professor E. G. Hastings came down to study my methods. He arranged to test my milk regularly for bacteria. For two years this department kept me informed in the quality of milk I was producing and Professor E. G. Hastings was ready with criticisms and suggestions for improving the quality. I have always been in co operation with the Soils Depart ment. Every field is analysed, and I follow the suggestions for improv ing crops and maintaining soil fer tility. Through the direction of the agronomy department I have been helped in securing a, grand success in lucerne, corn, and barley. I have l.earned the best methods and prin ciples of dairying through the ani mal husbandry and dairy depart ments. The farmer gets little time to read and digest the 'scientific treatises and books on scientific agriculture, but the farm papers and magazines and bulletins arc putting the facts in a form that the average farmer can understand and apply to his every day problems. I believe that large numbers of our farmers are receiving this inspiration and direc tion from our agricultural school, extension work, and the press. We realise also that the extent to which we benefit by these advantages de pends largely upon our own wil lingness to take and use them. Would that, such high praise could be instinctedly showered on the de partments of agriculture in Aus tralia. That they, too, are doing good work no one can deny, but be cause of lack of funds—for which we must blame our short- sighted politicians—their sphere is woefully limited and the best men are not available. Changing from Wheat to Milk. About the most remarkable change in American agriculture in late years has been the development of dairying in North-western States. Wisconsin was the first of these States to start years ago. At that time Wisconsin was a wheat pro ducing State, and her soil and her people were all growing poorer each year. Since she swung away from wheat and adopted the cow, she has prospered almost beyond belief. And now Minnesota is following. In 1890 there were 566,000 cows in the State, averaging 128 lb. of butter per cow. In 1920 there were 1,395,000 cows, averaging 194 lb. North Da kota and Montana are foUoAving in the same line. It is the old story of raising wheat continuously until the land will not respond, and then rebuilding the land through dairy ing. inoculating Fruit Trees. Several interesting experiments have been made in New South Wales in the direction of injecting sulphur and other insecticides into fruit trees with the object of killing disease "from the inside" instead of by external spraying or dusting. In South Africa tests on somewhat similar lines have been made re cently, but their results have not been nearly so satisfactory as those conducted here. In one case crude carbolic oil and sodium cyanide were injected into an apple tree in the hope of making it immune from the attacks of insect pests. Why such drastic chemicals we're used is not explained, but in the course of time neither the tree nor the insects showed any reaction to the treat ment, and later two of the main branches of the tree died outright. The others remained alive, but were more infested with woolly aphis and scale insects than ever. Apparent ly, therefore, the results were pure ly negative; but even proof that a certain method is useless for a set purpose has its value, for it is only by experimenting that we ever learn anything, and each failure is a stepping stone to ultimate success. Cotton Seed Meal. We are going to have a lot of cotton seed meal in Australia now that the cotton growing industry has got going, so it is well to make sure of the value of this stock feed now. It is asserted that this meal is likely to produce digestive disord ers, and that it cannot be fed with safety. These claims, states a bul letin of the United States Depart ment of Agriculture, no doubt have some foundation, but the harmful results have usually followed the use of a poor quality of meal, or the feeding of excessive quantities. Cotton-seed meal is a heavy pro tein concentrate, and its use as a supplement to the ration of working stock in supplying the protein con tent would be highly desirable, if safe. Feeding cotton-seed meal in large quantities may result in seri ous digestive disorders, and even death in some instances. Post mortem examination of one mare, which died after receiving 3 lb. of meal daily for forty-six days, dis closed an inflamed condition of the stomach and intestine.s. The indica tions in this case were that death was due to the effect of the meal on the system, and that ill effects were not noticeable until too late to prevent the loss of the animal. Used judiciously, however, cotton-seed meal is a splendid concentrated feed. i Topping Tobacco. The height at which a tobacco plant is topped and the time at which it is topped have a very ap preciable influence upon the quality ol' the llnill product, as well as upon the yield. Fur early uniform ma turity, says a Canadian expert, the plant should be topped Just as soon as the bud appears or the number Of leaves it is desired to leave on the plant have developed sulllciently to permit the operation to be per formed. Allowing the (lower stalk to become long or flower out before topping retards maturity and has a tendency to increase the proportion of stalk to leaf. Moreover, the stalk shows a marked tendency to become 'woody very rapidly if the (lower stalk is permitted to remain on the plant too long, and as a result the development of the leaves is not so rapid or complete on a late topped plant as 011 one topped at the proper time. For that reason late topping frequently results in a decreased yield. How Much Feed for Pigs? On the subject of the rationing of pigs, Professor Edward, of the Iowa Agricultural College, says that a young growing pig weighing be tween 30 to 60 lb. should get about 1 lb. of protein for every pound of carbohydrates. When 100 lb. weight is reached the proportion of protein in carbohydrates should be as one to live; at 150 lb. one to. six, and at full growth, with a weight of from 24(T to 300 lb., the proportion should be as one to eight. Argentina's Bid for Immigrants. Argentina is a keen competitor of Australia on the British market in more things than meat and dairy produce. The great South Ameri can Republic is now trying to or ganise a campaign for British immi grants, and as many of the biggest business propositions on the River Plate are financed by English capi tal, it is certain that much influ ence will be exerted in the old coun try to induce agricultural workers to go to the Argentine. Recent English newspapers, for instance, report an interview with Viscount St. Davids, in London, in the course of which he urged the claims of the British workmen, and with a. view to alleviating this inconvenience he suggested the adoption of a group ing system, whereby fifty or sixty young Britishers could colonise a specified district, constituting a group in which each one was known to the other and all spoke the same language. Land in Argentina, he said, is marvellously fertile, and is obtainable at reasonable prices. "It is," he continued, "a splendid coun try for agricultural colonisation see ing that the climate is good and the political situation stable. Of course," he added, "it will at once be asked, why should the Govern ment of Great Britain provide funds for emigration to Argentina when the Dominions are anxious to obtain British colonists and are willing to assist them and to keep them \Vithln the Umpire'? That is very true, but in my opinion the Dominions can not absorb all our surplus popula tion and therefore why not send our colonists to a country which, like Argentina, i.s one of the best in the world from the point of view of im migration"? Ah Lord St. Davids is chairman of the Buenos Ayres and Pacific Hallway, it is easy to understand his view, hut, whatever may be the position in regard to general work ers, there can be no doubt about the ability of the Dominions to place all the agricultural workers Great Britain can send us. Value of Milk By-products. Information as to the feeding value of milk by-products is sup plied in "Notes on Feeding Stuffs," contributed by an expert to the Bri tish "Journal of the Ministry of Agriculture." Skim milk is a highly nitrogenous food of great value for building flesh and the body framework of young animals. Experiments have shown that skim milk is more valu able than whole milk per lb. of dry matter. Skim milk is therefore of value for feeding to young grow ing live-stock. For calves, it is possible to replace whole milk en tirely at. an age of from five to six weeks. Kor pigs, it is an excel lent food at all ages. Danish ex periments have shown that skim milk, potatoes and mixed meals pro duce bacon of a high quality. Skim milk is best fed in conjunction with starchy foods, such as potatoes and maize meal. Compared with grain, filb. of skim milk will replace 1 lb. of grain in feeding, and may be regarded as having equivalent feeding value. Skim milk and maize meal together form a good pig feed, although the inclusion of a. little middlings or barley meal is beneficial, particularly where the production of first quality bacon is aimed at. In feeding meals with skim milk, the best proportion is at the rate of 1 lb. of meal to 3 lb. of skim milk. One last point: Skim milk produces costiveness, and the meals fed with it should possess the opposite tendency. Butter-milk has substantially the same value for pigs as skim milk, and the remarks as to the value of skim milk apply generally to but ter-milk, except perhaps with regard to calves. Butter-milk has been used successfully with calves, but cannot be generally recommended except in cases where scrupulous cleanliness prevails. Unless such conditions exist, fermentation sets up in the butter-milk, and a com paratively harmless and useful feed ing stuff then becomes dangerous. 