OPENING OF BUTTER FACTORY. From the power station motor cars took the party back to the but ter factory, which was also formally opened by the Premier, in the pre sence of a large crowd. With the Premier on a specially erected plat form were the Chairman of the fac tory (Mr. Andrew Walker) and sev eral of his co-directors. Mr. Walker made a brief speech of welcome and then invited the Premier to cut some ribbons across the doorway. When this pleasing duty had been perform ed Sir George said: 'It is always a Dleasing function to open a new but ter factory because it represents pro gress, ceonoray, and the encourage ment of greater primary effort. The people engaged in the dairying in dustry were, through a combination of adverse circumstances rather bad ly hit last year, but it is gratifying to know that the prospects are now very much brighter. The demand overseas for our products is increas ing and there is every reason for be- ; lieving that henceforth it will be maintained at a high level. For some ] unexplained reason New South Wales ! butter, although it has been declared j by American experts and American - consumers, after the long journey ro America, to be equal to the very best Danish, has for years had a lower : value on the English market. This is a matter to which the present Gov- , eminent proposed to pay close atten 1 tion and will continue to do so until the cause is discovered and removed. 'One of our great disabilities is the difficulty of getting adequate pub licity in the English press for our J products. This was strikingly de monstrated recently by a remark made by Mr. Crompton Wood, Chair man of the British Cotton Delegation to Australia. That gentleman in formed me in the course of a con vprsatinn that he had never known . uritil that/ moment that iAustialian butter was available on the English market. \\\re are making endeavois to meet tbat deficiency and today, as a result, our resources and products are receiving far greater prominence in the English press than -ever be fore. ? ? Continuing, Sir Gearge said, me further efforts we are making to es tablish preferential co-operation be tween Britain and Australia should go a. long way towards securing for N.S.W. produce that recognition and demand to which its high quality en titles it. 'Co-operative marketing is essen tial if our immigration scheme is to be a success— and we are determined that it will be— and if those who are at present engaged in rural industries oro trt Via assured of a steady and regular outlet for the results of their labor In our immigration agree ment with the Federal Government we strongly insisted on the inclusion of a provision for some measure of co-operation in this direction ..because we believe that not only is it prac ticable, but that the British author ities will readily assent to some such arrangement when the position is put c'earlv and fully before them. De finite steps have already been taken in this direction and the members of an Australian delegation are now on their way t9 London to confer with the members of the English Govern ment and business people, particul arly with regard to increased prefer ence in the home market to Dominion dried and canned fruits. Once our claims have been recognised by the British people— and I am confident they will be — Australian settlers generally may look forward to more stable and prosperous conditions. 'The inevitable consequences of a steady and increasing demand for our goods overseas as well as the increas ed local demand, which will be brought about by the immigration scheme, will be quick sales and quick returns, and this, in turn, will mean a gen eral stimulat:on of both primary and secondary industries. 'Putting aside altogether for the time being the question of prefer ence, the present position in regard to our butter exports is very satis factory. Before the war the impor tation of butter into Great Britain was 220,000 tons per year. Since the ,var the Danish supply has fallen by 1,500 tons. Russia can no longer be considered as a source of supply, while both Sweden and France have ceased to export. The result is that. roughly, in proportion to tne snrniK age in exports from the countries named, the demand for Australian butter has increased. 'Concurrently with its endeavor to expand and stabilise the overseas markets the Government has joined with the other States and the Fed eral Government in a course of ac tion which aims at placing both dairy ing and fruit industries on a more satisfactoi*y basis than hitherto. The first step towards this was made at a conference of Ministers of Agricul ture held at Perth about the middle of the year when it was decided to establish Australian advisory coun cils and to set up advisory boards which will deal with all the varying phases of these two industries with a view to securing improvements in production, manufacture and market ing. It is expected that these boards will be formed and the whole organis ation completed in the very near fu ture. 'We have also devised a scheme for application in our own State by which greater financial assistance will be afforded farmers in time of need. This is founded oh the rural credit systems which have been in operation in other countries and found to be successful. By means of Farmers' Credit Associations work ing in conjunction with the Rural Bank delays and high cost of loans will be avoided.' In conclusion, the Premier said , that the Department of Agriculture , was doing very excellent work with the aid of Herd-testing Associations to raise dairy standards, and in this connection it was interesting to note that last year 35,000 cows were test ed as against 10:000 in the previous twelve months. At the conclusion of the address the visitors wer i shown over the fac tory and later entertained by the di rectors in the boartt room. There were a few toasts honored, the principal one, 'The Dorrigo Dairy Co,' being proposed by the Minister for Agriculture. Mr. Chaffey said the visitors ad mired the pluck of the Dorrigo farm ers in erecting such a fine building and installing such an up to-date plant. The dairy farmers of this district, he said, had set a high ex ample which primary producers in many centres might well follow. Mr. House, in reply, said the dairy men were proud of their factory which they had endeavored to bring right up to-date. It was also their aim to manufacture an article equal to the best produced in the State. The factory had been erected at a big cost, but this would be met by the saving* effected in fuel, which was estimated at £1100 per year. The Manager (Mr. Richins) read some figures showing the progress the lactory had made since its in ception. These proved highly in teresting to the visitors, and there was frequent appiause. Mr. Menzies proposed the toast of 'The builders, contractors, and en gineers,' Mr. Hardy responding. uur visitors, -was proposed by Mr. Hall, and responses were made by Mr. McGregor (Chairman of the North Coast Co-op. Dairy .Co, Byron Bay), Mr. Gordon (Bellingen), Mr. Watt, Mr. Corin, Mr. Leonard, and Mr. Bean (manager of Messrs Crompton and Co., Sydney). 