GERMAN IN BOND FIRST TO ARRIVE SINCE 1914 Not Allowed to Land Down nt the wharves today' several young: ladies wore enthusiastically rattling boxes and making calls on board Iho various ships in aid of the .distressed Diggers. On the other side of the Yarra was a shli> flying the Danish flag, but made, in Ger many. Included In her complement is a guarantee engineer, supplied by the Danzig builders, who lias made the round trip from the Continent to various Australian porta, supervising the engines on the ship. He is a German, and the first Teuton to arrive in Australian waters in an official cap acity since 1914. As a result ; ho is practically in bond. . > : He is carrying out his duties on board, but is not allowed ashore on any pretext, as ho is u prohibited im migrant— r-tiil August 3. The vessel to which he is attached — tho Parana -—has called at. Newcastle and Sydney in addition to Melbourne, and is now bound for Adelaide, whore similar re straint will .be placed upon the Ger man. HARD DIVING Nevertheless ho is carrying on his occupation in a trade highly valued by Germany. It is believed that onco the embargo is lifted on August l German ships will re-enter the Australian oversea trifllc in full force. liiouo on boaru me steamer who Know Germany and her plan of recon- struction, pointed out that in spile ot the depreciated value of Hie mark, the country wus still one of the hardest VP hve in, and was likely to be so for many years. The salary of the Ger man engineer, tney said, was 20l»0 marks a month. This was equal to about 85/ a month when the steamer left Danzig. In the Australian ship under present conditions he would draw £55 a, month in a similar position. i seamkn at 7/I1 a month h® seamen's position is much worse, v ut present works, out at a monLh us compared with .blS/lC/s paid to - Australian seamen under the Arbitration Court award. A steward's pay in German vessels at present averages something like 3/ a "lu,UH uetuui iMigmm money and the masters wage— approximately 3000 marks — works out, on present ex change rates, at £2/10/ a month. I PHKPAIUXG FOR TRADE I German agents »iro saia to nave been exploiting the Australian market for months past. The law has allowed their samples to be landed, though the actual goods have been barred. Direct j agencies have been appointed in con- I nection with shipping firms.. A mani- festo has been issued by German firms that returned, .soldiers will be given first preference in the handling of their business throughout Australia when they resume operations. What this is worth remains to bo seen. 