NEWS SUMMARY. The Victory-, loan of £4,000,000 was in two horn oTsrrBnb#CTil>cd fourteen times in London. Much of the interest in Colin Ross's trial on a charge of nrardcr,-cantinued yesterday, central initial cvidcnosgiven by-two-of his women-acquaintances. Both entered the witness-box fashionably, dressed. Train, and rain sences were- disorgan lttdAty the storm yesterday. Internet in the meacttradesstrike centred in the non-unionist drovers yesterday. Action by these men mny,-]ead'to a settlement. Twenty-one members of the League of Nations have not paid the subscription for Bl. ', The Federal Treasnrcr-fMr. Bruce) has placed himself in cable communication with the Governments of British and foreign countries about the system they have adopted to provide funds for capital- tele phone-and telegraphic expenditure. i, By 10 sToteíntr» one the Foreign Relations , Committee of the United States Senate has approved of the Yapstroaty with Japan. By an award of the Arbitration, Court the basic wage in the clothing trade has been fixed at £4/1/6 for adult males and £3/3/9 for adult females. America's 3 per cent, restrictive alien law has been extended to June 30, 1933. The master of the Danish motorship Indica now at Melbourne, has received a cable message announcing reductions of 40 and 59, percent, in the wages of Danish seamen. As a basis for reduction of personnel, the Admiralty will take a census of all ranks on February 28. Mr. Justice Powers said yesterday that the Arbitration Court would not be often menaced by "veiled threats" made at mass meetings of unionists. In consequence of recent murders of British officials possession of arms and ammunition' by Egyptian subjects in Cairo is now punishable by death. The majority of Mr. Scullin in the Labour by-election was hailed by the successful candidate as an indication of the result at the foreshadowed general election. The Zinc Corporation's claim against Area Hinch and Sons, of Germany, on contracts for the supply of Australian zinc concentrates has been settled by the defendants paying £25,000. The police are investigating two mysterious outbreaks of fire at a boarding- house in Fitzroy. . A police report has been called for on allegations of "freak", bathing parties on thcTîlwood beach." ' s s Reviewing Mr. A., 33. W. Bean's history of Australia's part in the war, General Sir Ian Hamilton shows how the Dardanelles was thrown away." Various opinions are' held-in City Council circles regarding the result of the St. Patrick's Day procession controversy. It is thought that the Government may step in and veto the new by-law. For the second time within a week Labour has succeeded Sat' British by-dec crops, in constituencies formerly held by Coalition Unionists i In the award of the Gas Workers' Union a clause has been inserted providing that the terms of the award shall cease to operate if the claimant union is guilty of a strike. , Japan is "scrapping" 24 warships, including six battle-cruisers and eight capital ships for which keeps have not been laid. last services of electric trains from Melbourne to Caulfield will probably be introduced on Sunday week. Frank Lane Upton, the witness in the Gun-alley murder trial who told a sensational story of finding blood on a bottle of wine handed to him by "Ross on the night of Alma Tirtschke's disappearance, was rigorously cross-examined yesterday as to his past life. Veiled reference to a mysterious letter to the Prime Minister of Australia, "an example, of how it should not be done," is made by Sir Ian Hamilton in reviewing Mr. C. E. W. Bean's war book. Eleven charges of housebreaking were preferred against a young woman in the St. Kilda Court on Tuesday. America is to renew discussion with Japan on the vexed question of Japanese immigration to California. A somewhat gloomy view of shipping prospects is taken by Turner. Davidson, and Co. Ltd.. brokers. for the Commonwealth Line, in a report just issued. Mathilde McCormack, aged 16 years, daughter of an American multi-millionaire., is engaged to a Swiss riding tutor aged 57 years. For having appropriated a motor-car for a 'Moy ride" a young man was fined £10 in the St. Kilda Court on Tuesday. In the hope of bringing about a reduction in the price of beer a million London dock workers have gone dry-.',' The Government astronomer (Dr J. M. Baldwin and an officer of the State Obser-' vatory (Mr. J. so Hosking) will represent Victoria with the official party to observe the eclipse of the. sun at Wollal in September. A Phylloxera has been discovered in grape vines at Kangaroo Ground. This is the first t'D'O the pest has been found so close to Melbourne. s No announcement has been made by the Federal Ministry concerning reconsider action of the application of the Victorian Government for the admission of the six German experts required in respect to the briquetting plant for Morwell. Mr. Donald Mackinnon, who visited Ger- many during his travels, is of the opinion that it would be impossible to erect briquet ? tine machinery at Morwell without the assistance of experts from Germany. In the east end of Glasgow 6cwt. of explosives, believed to be owned by Sinn Fein and sufficient to destroy the town, has been discovered by the police. M. Loucheur, Minister for Liberated Regions, does not believe that France will ever be able to pay a cent of her war debt to America. The present complex system, under which industries were subjected to the control of two independent and competing authorities, demanded a thorough revision Sir George Fuller on industrial arbitration. The Dukhnbors. a Russian "religious" sect in Canada, propose to drown the children of members, so that the party may travel to preach the coming of Christ. Little damage was done by the violent rainstorm that broke over Melbourne and suburbs yesterday morning. In an hour 141 points of rain fell in the city. Speaking at a welcome to Mr. Balfour, Colonel Harvey. American Ambassador in London, said that the Washington Conference constituted the dawn of reduced taxation. The electric train service between Prince's Bridge and Clifton Hill was suspended for an hour last night owing to a break in the overhead contact wire between Jolimont and West Richmond. The Mount Everest expedition will leave its base for the ascent on March 24. Mr. Balfour declared at a dinner given in his honour that the Washington Conference had accomplished things which the League of Nations could not have done. "Mr A. K. Trethowan. M.L.A.. interviewed in Sydney, outlined a suggested Farmers' Co-operative Federation, to include Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, the United States, and Canada. An interesting action relating to the sale of the Kendenup- property in Western Australia was begun in Adelaide yesterday. Some remarkable instances of what was claimed to be "divine healing" by the laying on of hands, were- given by a Yorkshire evangelist in Olympia last night. A fire at the Barrack street jetty, Perth, did extensive damage. > Pass Women to Women. 4-5 Wool Trade Review. 8 University Results. 645. Sporting. 9 Commercial and Mining. 8 Work MR Wages 14 ' loss of Mer-est-.'_... .... 13 Coiotrynmn .--......._16 I $MHÈtim+mÊi*mi^._ja 