Federal Elections. Address by die Hon. R. W. Foster. In the Burra Institute the Hon. R. W. Foster, Minister of Public Works, ad dressed a small gathering on Thursday evenine last. His Worshin the Mavor (Maurice Collins, Esq.), presided and briefly introduced the speaker. Mr Foster said he was pleased with the opportunity given him to renew bis ac quaintance with old Bnrra friends. It ?was unfortunate, but nevertheless a fact, that comparatively little was known of Federal affairs in uiost parts of the States, and he could readily understand such a position owing to the meagre reports given Federal matters in the metropoli tan newspapers. Of course, people who took Hansard had an idea of what went on, bnt he would not recommend anyone to subscribe to the paper. (Laughter). The daily papers did not give their read ers even a fair idea of the business trans acted in the Federal House, and unless there was a row on more space was given to a dosr fit;ht. Many statements had appeared in the inpers concerning the millions of pounds that were supposed to have been wasted. But such state ments were not true, and had been great ly exaggerated . It wss only tc be ex pected that following the war there sbould be some losses, *but then mistakes had been made by all the Governments of the nations that had be^n involved in the war Tuey had only to take their Imperial Government, where, in spite of the fact that the best brains of the coun try had be«-n cilled in, millions of money had been unwarrantably expended. He would not say for one moment that there had not bet- n room in the Federil sphere for economv in expenditures but under the extraordinary circumstances that had prevailed they h^-d djne very well. In Mr Brace they had a Treasurer who was one of the most honorable men in the commercial world and who was one of the clearest thinkers and most lucid of speakers. Five days before the Budget was brought flown the Treasurer had es timated its amount to within .£4000, which was a marvellons feat of accountancy. Australia was in a far better position to day than any of the other countries that had been engaged in the war, and we were not nearly so badly off as some of the critics of the Government made peo ple believe. The Federal Capital. Although he had previously done his level best to defer expenditure on Can berra, he was convinced that Nature had given them what would ultimately be one of the finest capital cities in the 'world. He believed, too, that Camberra would not cost the people in Australia a single penny, as since it had been purchased land values had r:c--n tremendous! v. The land in the locality was capable of carry ing aboui a sheep to the acre, and the natural features of the country were simply wonderful. The climate, too, was most silubrious and very healthy. In 50 years he believed that Canberra would be the finest capital city in the world. With record to defence matters, Mr Foster said that the Government had cut expenditure in that direction to the ab solute minimum and they were not pre pared to reduce the grant by a single shilling. Practically only the nucleus of a force now remained. Their contribu tion to the Murray Waters scheme dur ing the current vear would h-? ,^517,000, and for immigration ^'200,000. During the past year a quarter of a million had been contributed to the various States ana/ for £ subsidy basis to relief of temporary unemployment. The Postal Service. The operations of the postal services had developed tremendously during re cent years, and a policy of introducing the latest and most up-to-date telegraphic and telephone systems had been adopted. It bad been found that the introduction of up-to-date instruments had consider ably reduced costs of mauageicent. The post office expenditure from revenue dar ing the current yearjwonld be ^7,750,000. It was usually found that those who spoke about wasteful expenditure (like mem bers of the Country Party) were the first to ask for additional facilities. It was intended to appoint a board of business men to manage the concern. Many of the men of the service were rapidly leav ing the department because they had had attractive offers of employment else where. If they were to retain their best men they would have to pay them high er wages. The Government was deter mined to make the conditions in the country as attractive as possible for the men and women who had performed the pioneering work. With this end in view it was intended to provide telephonic facilities where they were justified, and without the necessity of settlers having to guarantee against a loss. In order to guide onr department the British Postal Department had been induced to loan to Australia for three years a man who was a mechanical expert in telephonic and telegraphic matters, and it was hoped that much benefit would result from his visit, The policy of neglecting the out lying places had been goinf : on for too long. The least they could do was to see that Mrs So and So on the farm was able to ring np and speak to her neighbour two or three miles away. He considered rapid means of communication necessary to the successful development of the land — just as necessary, in fact, as the plough. (Applause). The Primary Producers. During the war and since the war the Government had shown special concern for the primary producer No other Government had ever looked after the interests of the man on the land more. The primary producers would have been absolutely ruined during the war bad it not been for Federal Government's inter vention and co-operation with the States in helping the farmers. They all knew about the pools. The wool clip had just come in when war was delared, and some of the brokers had urged farmers to sell at sixpence a pound. The wool scheme, however, pulled them through and re sulted in record prices being obtained. Much the same position obtained with respect to wheat, and had it not been for the pool wheat would have been al most unsaleable at sixpence a bushel. Largely as a result of the pools 500 mil tlions sterling had been distributed in Australia, and the primary producers bad never experienced such successful vears. Now that conditions were revert iug to normal the Government were go ing ont of business, but theyjwere not by any means deserting the producers. They had saved some men of moderate means from disaster, because without the wheat pool they could not have held on to their produce and would have been compelled to sell when prices had been auprofitable. Overseas Markets. There was not an assured world's market for some classes of produce grown in Australia and the Government was determined to help in every way towards finding1 markets. Australian bntter sold in London was not given a fair chance when competing with Danish butter, although oars was just as good. The same applied to meat. We got good prices during the the war hut since then beasts fortnerlv worth ^'20 had been selling at £7 and £$, and in consequence the industry in Queensland hid been faced with ruin. However. tb» Govern ment's offer to grant a bonus n:; irp-vtei meat had brought great relief ':'. ?'--- ith- he violent opposition of the pres- ti t;ie scheme the government's action had been justified. Before it had come to the aid of the|industry the pastoralists in Queensland were really bsef paupers instead of beef barons. The Govern ment wanted meat to reach the British consumer direct. It was frequently sold in England at 15d to 16d a 16 bnt the grower only received 5d or 6d.' Until they could smash the formidable army of distributors in England and get their meat sent direct to the consumer they would never get the full benefits of the sale of their produce. Some critics had said that the Govern ment should' leave the matter of finding markets to private people, and complain ed about the expenses entailed in send ing commissioners overseas in an en deavour to spy out markets. But it was significant that in all these years the mercantile firms had not found suitable markets. It was to be regretted that there were some growers and packers who sent fruit out of the country that was no credit to Australia. People only had to be taken down once and their custom was lost for all time. They had to remember that they were in -eompe- tition with the Yankees, who were well aware that it did not pay them to play tricks with buyers. The Government was determined to prevent the export of fruit that did not corns up to standard in quality and appearance. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was passed to the speaker on the motion of Messrs Winnall and Radford. 