PICKING OUR IMMIGRANTS Work of London Office Examined by thej Sunday Times RIGID EXCLUSION OF Thfi) UNFIT! ? Best of British People Looking to Australia (Special from MISS ISABEL RAM8AY.) Statements were recently made in Australia that the selection of immigrants In Britain permitted ' a racehorse owner to have his passage paid as a farm laborer, while a rich 'girl with golf-sticks' travelled as a domestic servant Miss Isabel Ramsay, special correspondent of the Sunday Times in Paris and London, was in London for Princess Mary's wedding. She at once made inquiries into the system of selection. LONDON, February 20. — The state-' ments made in Australia regarding the immigrants on the steamer Larg's Bay were cabled to the London Times. As a result there was an immediate confer ence between Mr. Percy Hunter (at the Immigration Office) and the High Com missioner (Sir Joseph Cook). Sir Joseph wrote a repudiation to the Times, and, as far as Britain was concerned, the affair was forgotten. The point overlooked by the critic in Australia was that if people on this side are nominated by relatives in Australia, they can embark on an emigrant ship (provided they can show a clean bill of health) and go out to any position they care to take up, or none, if their rela tives are prepared to accept the respon sibility of them. A girl who indulges in golf may be. nominated as well as a girl who doesn't; a man who has owned racehorses just as well as a man who has not. The Migration and Settlement Department has control only over those emigrants who elect to go out* under one or' another of its different schemes domestic workers, farm bands, farm stu- I dents, etc. — over those who have been i nominated from the other side (except I in the matter of health) it has abso lutely no control. Stringent Care As an example of the stringency which is used in selecting emigrants, Mr. John Ridgway, an authorised Agent for the Australian Migration and Settlement De partment, told me that o~ one occasion he and Mr. Barnes, one of Mr. Hunter's lieutenants at the M. and S. Department, interviewed in ,his London and Man chester oifices no fewer than 85,000 ap plicants, and out of these only 1500 were selected. On a recent occasion he Inter viewed 25,000 applicants, approved provisionally of 150, and of this num ber only 70 complied with the regu lation medical and personal certifi cates, and were embarked. Thousands of applications come in weekly to the M. and S. Department, and, out of these, only a few hundreds stand the test and are finally accepted and drafted out. Whatover could be, and was, said of the method of rocruiting emigrants under the old system, it certainly cannot be said now. If any fault-finders want to prove this, they have only to take stock of tralian side, to realise that Australia Is at last getting the very pick of Great Britain's emigrants. A Self-reliant Type A 'mere Colonial' inevitably acquired the impression after a stay of any length in England that the mass of the people are drab and unhappy, and ready at a moment's notice to become smug and servile. The strange thing about these emigrating Britishers was the almost total absence of these characteristics. The men seemed in no way to be awed by the presence in. their midst of high officials, and a group of girls going out as domestic servants (locked round Mrs. Layard and chatted to her as though she had been an old friend rather than a person very much in high authority. The lads going out under one or an other of the farming systems did not look like a band of potential curates, but neither did they look like a collec tion of larrikins, and I can easily pic ture them in a few years' time as sturdy and bronzed as any professional life saver. Our Officers at Work The gods in the machine who have brought about this happy change from the old order are enthroned on the ground floor of Australia House, in that portion of the building which must for ever be haunted by the shades of 'Dig- gers leaning across a counter and pour ing talcs of financial woe into the sym pathetic ear of a girl clerk, in the days when it was occupied by the Common wealth Bank. Here, to-day, about forty officials spend their days devising ways and means of catching the would-be emi grant and then mercilessly testing hira when they have succeeded. Round tha walls of the outer room are hung almosj hfesize colored photographs of Australia in her splendid moods .of rich harvest and urban prosperity, and, from behind a counter, three or four cheery Aus tralians 'Jeal out information for tho benefit of those who thirst for knowledge of this new land of promise. ? Just behind, in the first room, is the organising wizard responsible lor all this chance — Percy Hunter. As young- ' | looking and debonair as ev*r, Mr. Hunter assumes with perfect ease tho title of Director of Migration and Settlement wh ch has been thrrst on him, and, just as lightly, assumes tho huge tosk of finding, choosing, and ex pediting what will become a solid part of Australia's population within the next twenty yenr3. In another room is Mr. Tartakover, who deals with the embarkation side ot the question once the emigrants havo been chosen. In another, are busy people dealing with the thousands of applications that comc in weekly. Medical Selection In another room is Dr. Morris, tho Chief Medical Officer for the Common wealth, who has just completed a vast scheme for enrolling, as medical referees doctors in every part of the United Kingdom. In the past all intending immigrant* were asked to send in with their filled in applications two personal references and medical examination certificate filled in and signed by a doctor. As thia Bya'em permitted a loophole to many of applying to friend, relative, or family doctor and ob aining a certificate which, might otherwise be refused, Dr. Morris decided to carry on the work begun by his predecessor. Dr. Norric, of enrolling doctors throughout the United Kingdom ,who would be directly under supervision and responsible to him for any certifi cates granted. Not Many Domestics I In another room is Mrs. Layard, a I sweet, motherly woman, entrusted w!th the ci \\-ge of choosing applicants vrho app'y.tor a peg-are uttfer the domestic service schemo.' Mrs.' Layard tells mo there are comparatively ? few applicants, as the domestic problem is as acute in Great Britain as it is anywhere else. Another bar is the fact of the?r having to pay £.26 toward their passage money, many be;ng without thi? sum and un able, apparently, to put it by out of their wages. ? One of the girls Mrs. Layard is send ing out by the Moretcn Bay is a Danish girl, who is a protegee of no iess a person than Queen Alexandra herself. Hearing of this opportunity offered for emigrating to Australia, and not pos sessing the necessary capital to enable her to embark on it, this girl wrote in Danish to Queen Alexandra. The Queen Mother immediatcy replied, enclosing a cheque tor £30. On the girl's replying to thank her and say she would refund the amount out of the first money she earned in Australia, Queen Alexandria replied ask ing her to accept it is a gift, and to write and let ner know how she fared in our far-off land. Testing and Rejecting During his first days of office Mr. Hunter put into motion an 'entrapping' machine, which extends its activities tha length and breadth of Great Britain. It ' exists a single human being in tho w.. — oi this mighty kingdom who has not heard of Australia and the chances it offers to immigrants, he must certainly be blind, deaf and dumb. That machino now goes steadily on, sending thousand' of would-be immigrants to Australia House, only to find that they are asked to pass such severe personal and medical tcscs that the majority are rejected. From the point of view of the many unfortunate people eager to escape from impossible surroundings and con ditions to a new world of promise, thia is more than sad. From ours, it ia most excellent, because such measures are tho best possible guarantee that Australia is no longer looked upon as a dumping ground for the riff-raff ot other lands, but rather as a prize to be won only by those who have proved themselves physically and morally fit to win it. 