LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS.' Optician's Visit. — Webster, Jack and McDonald, Ltd., Opticians, Lismore, Syduej' and Kempsey, will visit the fol lowing towns: — Woodburn, on Tuesday, June 6th, at Richmond Hotel, hours 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Coraki, on Wednesday, June 7th, at Rodgers' Club Hotel, hours 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Please make your ap pointments. Got it Both Ways. — The adventurous career of a poor Irish pedlar named McCabe has advanced a- further stage with his admission to a nursing homo in Newry with a bullet wqund in his head, says a cable this week. He be came involved in a skirmish with Ulster ites and irregulars near Newry. His horse was shot dead under him, and he himself hit. Last year, he was tried by an I.B.A. court at Castlc-Blaney, Co. Monaghan, and sentenced to be shot. He appealed to a priest summoned to hear his confession to intercede for his life, but the priest declined, saying he had come only to do his duty. McCabe was then taken out and shot, but sur vived his injuries, and afterwards was awarded £2000 us compensation. Popular Panto. — A pantomime, 'The Old Woman who Lived in a Shoe,' will bo staged in the Bridge Street Hall to morrow night by the 20 'KleVer Kids,' who have recently concluded a season in Brisbane. They are under the con trol of Miss Bedford Young, and it is said that the singing, dancing, and pat ter in the pantomime is exceedingly clever for juveniles. The characters of 'Tom, the Piper's Son,' 'Jack' and 'Jill,' 'Goody Two Shoes,' 'Dame Snaps,' 'Georgie Porgie,' 'Grand- ma, ' ' Mary Ann, ' ' Tom Thumb ' ' and others will be represented in the panto., and these old favorites will be seen in a new guise. The Coy. has been doing record business in all the States, and will be met with a packed house in Coraki, for booking is proceed ing briskly at Mr. F. W. Barnett 's news agency. Booking to-day may save dis appointment to-morrow. Echo of the Hallway Strike. — A big crowd rolled up at Goulburn Police Court on Monday when three young men named Taylor, Sharkey and Hewitt were charged with assaulting in com pany one Arthur Beck, a railway em ployee. The evidence showed that as Beck was leaving his house after mid night to go to work the three accused jumped over the fence, into Beck's yard, and without any ado Sharkey hit him across the nose with a billet of wood, Hewitt landed him one on the jaw, say ing, 'I'll kill you, you scabby——,'' while Taylor lifted him under the ear. His wife called out, 'Leave my husband alone, you brutes, you are killing him.' (Complainant said he refused to come out during the 1917 strike. Defendants' version of the affair was that they had gone to defendant's place to get an ex planation of why he had made an in insulting remark to a sister, of one of the defendants, whereupon Beck showed fight, and got bested in the dust-up that followed. Mr. Thomas, solicitor for Beck, submitted the assault had been a most diabolical one, and he thought the maximum penalty should be inflicted oh each defondant. Mr. Arnott, P.M., said he would have to decide in favor of com plainant. It was the only reasonable conclusion he could come to. He could not understand why all the defendants should all meet complainant at mid night. It was a remarkable coinci dence. The assault was a very gross one, and he would fine defendant Sharkey £15, with £2 14s 2d costs, in default three months' hard labor, and each of the other defendants £7, with £2 14s 2d each costs, in default two months' hard labor. That Serious Insinuation. — On anoth er page reference is made to a remark made by an old man named Cronin in a Melbourne court to the effect that 'my money got my son out of gaol in Sydney.' Enquiries instituted by the Minister for Justice show that the cryptic remark had a certain basis of truth, but not in the direction or light that many would view the statement. Cronin the younger -was simply releas ed on condition that he should make restitution to the extent of £95 and go to reside with his uncle. As the judge who sentenced him did not oppose this course, the release took effect when re stitution was made. At the same time, the present Minister for Justice oppos- es the practice, and will not tolerate it . during his regime. Col. Brinsmead's Misfortune. — The Controller of Civil' Aviation .for the j Commonwealth (Colonel Brinsmead) ar- j rived at Charleville last week in a large ? aeroplane, en route from Cloncurry to j Melbourne, via the aerial mail service i ?from Cloncurry to Charleville. He was I accompanied by Captain Jones as pilot, j They unfortunately landed in the wrong , place, and the machine plungcd-ihto the ! grass, dropping into a hole, and was j slightly strained. This prevented them ; continuing the flight. As there was ] no time to wait for repairs, Colonel i Brinsmead left for Melbourne and Cap- ; tain Jones for Sydney by train.- The i 'plane was also forwarded to Melbourne | by train. Colonel Brinsmead expressed ? the opinion that the chosen route from j Cloncurry to Charleville was the best in Australia, if not in the world, and j the landing places were magnificent. ! Another ''Revolutionary.'— Speaking at a meeting of the Armidalo New State League, Mr. Abbott (Upper Hun ter) urged a decision as to boundaries, j Colonel Bruxner, he said, had told him ; that when the House met he_ intended | to move: 'That in the opinion of the ; House the time is ripe for holding a j referendum on a proposal to form a new , State in Northern New South Wales,'' j and the first question he would get wa-., i 'Over what area?' 'If we get any j unfair opposition,' added Mr. Abbott, , 'let us take our coats off and go in for j a mild revolution. Cut out any fur- ; thor useless academic discussion; ro- - fuse to pay taxes to the old State; take I our administration of the Courts ? ' ? A voice: It sounds a bit like Ireland. ! Mr. Abbott: Anyhow, what I want to emphasise is that the time is past for ; mere passive resistance. Tho fight is now fast coming to a head, and we must ; bo prepared for a lively struggle. j Time a Protest was Made. — Tho ! 'Daily Telegraph' renders the com- I munity a service by calling attention to | the postal charges, which are so heavy that a big surplus results. During tho war, without any increase of ? service, tho charges were doubled to meet addi- \ tional expenditure. Nodody cavilled at . war charges', but for nearly four years : there has been no war, yet these : charges remain, and impose a tax upon the people of, according to last year's ; figures, £1,083,326 per annum, all of ; which Government extravagance swal lows up. The post, telegraph, and tele phono services are the very life of trade, and they will have to be used more than ever by our business men in the strenu ous times immediately ahead. For we are approaching a time when hustle, and more hustle, must be every trading firm's watchword. A war tax of up wards of a million pounds upon this essential utility is a serious handicap which, after nearly four years of peace, should be removed. Three months', hence, when German goods will come upon our market, a cutting of prices will have to be faced, which 'will put jnany concerns in danger of experiencing the fate of the steel works before the readjustment of business to the new conditions has been fully effected. Poli tical profiteering in the shape of exces sive taxation will seriously aggravate the situation, and tho fact that it is camouflaged as undue, postal charges does not niake the handicap any lighter. Then— and Now. — Speaking at Roek hampton on Saturday Mr. Hughes said Australia gave ample scope and oppor tunity for every man. The last time ho came to Cairns was in the. galley of a coastal steamer. Ho had not half a crown to his name. . (Applause.') He had to thank nobody for what he had, and if some of them had had the handi caps he had they would have been 'down and out. ' Every door was open to the man who had energy and ability. Show him what door was closed, and he would hammer it down. Nothing was more certain than that class legislation ruined the class which it sought to benefit. They heard a lot about red-raggers, but the vast bulk of the people of Australia— those three and a quarter million depositors in tho savings banks — would have nothing to do with Bolshevism. The National Government- had given stability to tho sugar industry for the , first time in its ? existence, and every section of the in dustry was getting its fair share. De spite the high price of sugar, in the last two years the consumers had been get ting cheaper sugar than any other coun try except New Zealand. There was jiot a primary industry that the Govern ment had not assisted. As for return ed soldiers, the Federal party stood by preference. He quoted figures on re patriation, and said' that although they had done so much they could not do enough for the men who had fought. A Remarkable Photo Play. — Follow- ers of the silver sheet will remember reading, of the sensation caused in the Sydney movie World when 'Kazan' was screened there a few months ago, featuring the world's wonder dog. Well, that picture will be shown at Coraki on Monday! (King's1 Birthday) ? night next, with the dog himself in the title role.'.. The story centres round devilish Black McCrcady, a human wolf, who attempts to force his undesired atten tions on pretty Joan Radisson, maroon ed in an isolated cabin during a bliz zard. But the great wolf-dog Kazan comes to her rescue, and later makes thp -murderer of his master 'pay for his crime. Then real wolves take part in a thrilling attack on a man and girl trekking across the snows of the Far ' North. Jane Novak has the leading | feminine role, and .Bon Deolcy portrays the hero of the story. The picture, which is said to be one of the most re markable ever made in the. Canadian North-west, was directed by Bertram Bracken. Wolvesl, coyotes, lynxes, rabbits and other wild life figure in the story, but the outstanding factor that will live in the .memory of all patrons will bo Kazan's iccrie, almost human intelligence. Frank Keenan's latest1 production, 'Dollar for Dollar' (the second star on Monday) says that all men are possible criminals and all crimi niils are possible men. Marcus Gard stood high in the eyes of his fellow men, yet his methods of bribery and extortion 'in business were t criminal Mrs. Marteen was tho leader of her so cial set, yet her blackmailing, made a criminal of her. It is Frank Kccnan at his best in a powerful drama of high finance and society. A scenic showing Indians in Wonderland, a Pathc comedy, and a Gazette complete a very unusual programmo! ? v . ^ „ | Diprotodon Jaw Found at Scone. — A huge jaw bone, evidently washed out of the creek bank during the heavy rains at the end of last year, wns found by Mr. Edward Sounders', of 'Tho Cuim,' in Cuan Creek, and was sent by E.yv. Canon Cadell, to the Director of the Australian Museum, Sydney. The following .interesting reply has now boon received: — 'The specimen for warded by you is a part of the left lower jaw of the Diprotodon, an extinct mar supial about as largo as a rhinoceros. In life it would resemble tho wombat, being a heavily built animal with mas sive bones. Remains of tho Diprotodon have been found in all States except Tasmania, and there is evidence that it was extant contemporaneously with early human inhabitants. It was a vegetable feeder. This jaw bone is remarkably fresh in appearance and shows' practically no sign of petrifica tion. It would be very interesting to know whether any other portions of the skeleton are to be found in tho same spot, if so it would be well worth while to secure them, and I should bo glad to hear whether there is any pos sibility of this.' The Brute! — A man who considered that the steerage was good enough for his wife, while he himself travelled first class, recently arrived at New York in the Danish steamer Estonia. He was Moses Mclomod, a citizen of Danzig, and when he showed his pass- j port, describing him as 'accompanied by his wife,' the immigration officials wanted to sec her. ' ' Oh, she 's in the steerage,' he replied} The officials expressing surprise at this conception of the relationship of the sexes. MolomotX explained that he, as a learned man ot Irish intellectual attainments, consider ed different surroundings were necessary for him compared with his wife, who was not so gifted. As a result of this declaration the officials came to the I conclusion that Melomod's ideas1 were out of harmony with American ideals. Tho couple were consequently taken to Ellis Island, pending an inquiry as to the desirability of deporting them as undesirable aliens. Scion of a Notable Line. — The Hon. Percy Edward Thellu.son, brother anil I heir of Lord Rcifiucsham, is to bo mar- | vied shortly to the Hon. Mrs. Gladys | Dunlop Yorke, formerly the wife of tiio I Hon. Alfred Yorke, heir-presumptive of the Earl of Havdwicke. The Thelluson family, which claims descent from the ancient noblesse of France, has the dis tinction of having brought about a | change in the English law of inheri tance. Peter Thellus'on, who fixed his abode in London in the lSth century, amassed an immense fortune as a mer chant, and, dying in .1797, devised, after providing generously for his family, landed estates of the annual value of £4500 and a sum of over £600,000 to trustees for the purpose of accumulation over a long period of years, with ulti- j mate reversion to far-distant succes- | sors, by which time the fortune would j have assumed colossal proportions. Tlit | will was confirmed by the, House of i Lords, but recognition of the fact that the entailing of estates in this way, to j provide vast accumulations for unborn generations, would constitute a great; social danger, led to the passing of an Act of Parliament interdicting any accumulation of property beyond a fixed brief period after the death of a testator. . 'Let Well Alone.'— That is the ad vice the 'Sun' gives to the wire pull ers who are at the Government's coat tails urging that proportional rep resentation be jettisoned. The 'Sun' continues: 'The objection to a system that interferes with party government is the be3t testimonial that proportional representation has ever received. Party government leads inevitably in dictator ship. The man who pull's the strings of the party has too much power. Men are selected, not by the people, but by the ward-bosses. The electors have had enough of dictatorships in - both Federal and State Governments of the past. Proportional representation was designed to free the candidate from the unfairness and sometimes crookedness of pre-selection; and the result of tlu last election provides ample testimony of its success. Though pre-selccted party candidates were elected, in many cases independent candidates, repre senting important bodies of public opin ion, fought the pro-selected party fav orites, and beat them. The party of the House that ventures to return to tho bad old days of underground engin eering for party selection will put shackles on the free will of the people which the people will not forget. The Cabinet will be well-advised to let well alone in this matter, and to remember, in spite of the urgings of its support ers, that tho electoral system was really designed for tho people — not for the con venience and comfort of members of Parliament. ' ' The Kyogle-Gap Railway. — Since Billy Hughes gave tho 'Bulletin' some very unwelcome attention during the war period over a censorship matter, scar ring the editor and staff to such an exhibit that they had the shivers for a week (in fact they haven't quite . . got .over the 'surprise' yet) that paper has never ceased to regard Billy as an ogre who must be politically assassinat ed at all costs. Fortunately the 'Bul- letin's' little grudge is so well-known that its weekly scream about the Prime Minister carries no weight with its readers, but it is amusing to see the length it goes at times. For instance, Hughes' promise re tho above railway evokes this: 'Years ago Queensland carried a. coastal line to their southern border, on the promise that the N.S. Wales system would , connect with it and supply an alternative and shorter ;route between Sydney and Brisbane- — . good for commerce, but so exposed on tho seaward side as to be none too re liable for -defence purposes. But, it would have given the people of Ma State's extreme north-east corner ac cess to a capital that is 600 .miles nearer than Sydney, arid1 viewing ' this dreadful fact the Hblman Government broke away from the agreement and left ' an unbridged gap on the border. Queensland wants the connection badly. So dons .'ill t.lin nnrtlinvn lmlf nf M a Wales, and the rest of the State is will ing to take anything that offers cheap ly. It has become habitual to assume an alliance between N.S. Wales and Queensland on' the ground that they have a common interest in stealing tho S. Austvalia-N. Territory railway, and now that the' pair command a- majority in the Representatives dodgy party | managers of the Hughes school are na turally much interested in the block , vote of this Little Entente. The com I pletion of State railways for the bene fit of a State is not a Federal job, and it is a. nasty trick that W'estralia, S.A., Victoria and Tasmania should carry nearly half the cost of greasing' the portly, pig. The Commonwealth 'a busi^ ness is to make a line through its own Territory, and, if the Dryberra metropo lis is worth the frequently-mentioned 'curse, from that spot to Jervis Bay. But thero are no Federal votes at ' either place, and to the pure vote-hunter that kills them aead. - ,, . , 