They Say. A record—Patrician Urolbers' juvenile ball. Orange kldleu new enjoyed them eelvi'a better. Marriages are made In heaven, bul there's nothing like mother for get' lirg the goods on the markeL What Is regarded as the main reer haa been Btruclt at the Drlbbaree gola Held, at a depth ot 14 feet You' can always tell on actress— but you can't tell her much Bathimt cauliflowers artr bringing big prices on the Sydney market. One lot. Gold In Sydney on Tuesday, brought splendid values, the beat being 24/ per dozen, while other filgnments realised from 15/ tu 20/ a dozen. At Hlllgrove last week a 'shrewd' ' individual, who hung on to a £10 note that was gtveu him amongst change In mistake for one of • denomination, was fined £10 for bis vhrewdnosa. Retorting operations commenced at the Crown Ridge shale mines, at Caportei? last week end, ana satisfactory. A quantity of crude oil wns nin off from the retorts. After a few little defects are remedied ' everything should run smoothly. A man wfto considered that steerage was good enough for his »bile be travelled first class hilusel. recently arrived at New York In the Danish steamer Bsihonia. He was Moses Melomod, a citizen of Danzig, and when be showed hie passport. describing bhn as "accompanied by his wife," the immigration officials wanted to see her. "Ob, ebe's <n the steerage," he replied. The officials expressed surprise at this conception ol the relationship of the sexes, Melomod explained that he, •> a learned man of high intellectual attainments, considered dlfTeront sur- roundings nere necessary for him compared with bis wife, who was no* BO gifted. Aa a result of this deri'dratlon the officials csme to the conclt.6! n 1 hut Mnlomod's i1?js were out of hoimony vlth American idepls. The couple HB conseiyin.tly takir. to BUlB l*lnnd. pending ai Inquiry M to the duliabillty or deponing them aa undesirable dtlzens. Only two nominations have been re- . Mired by Mr. T. .Hopkins returning officer, In connection with the Macquarie Labor selection, namely—Aid. Plllans, nominated by the Western Minns and the Lithgow A.L.P., and Mr. Samuel Robert NlchoUs, M.P., nomlntted by the South Bathurst League us others. The aames will first have to reoeive the andoraement of the State fflfMotlTe,' alter which a ballot must tale place within one montn. Xhe contest Is expected to be -a strenuous ait. ' A rather food cream-grading story has Just-reached lien from CHppeUhd. , A ladywtap supplies oho of . the tobtniiSts faetarleB was away (ram hrtae d«y», «na left sa indBUJnew** ot the place to 4D<the milklnc, etc. Wbn the cream Is graded and tasted a memo- goes back (ram the factory to the farmer, contalidsg the grader's remarks on the quality and condition of the cream, such . as "slightly metallic," "sassy," "over- ripe," etc. In this particular Instance the remark was "foreign fUvor." TOat Udy now tanks upon the cnam gMafa sense of taste as something atuwoatbjng the uncanny. , She Inlonnel the factory that die thought It was' " derfnl to be able to detect-'a flavor In cream, because ' \- the Indian milking tor only and she was sore neboly else was awars ot the (act! Many wtu regret to leani Csajrs "lachlander") that Mr. H. Bwaostonf ot tfbbkabarragong, had the mletortnne to break several Tibs last S»tnrday afternoon. ftotblfc the Kookabnrragtmg home' stead .on lire, he galloped «p to tt, hot -the hone stopping suddenly at The gala. he fell over Its hoad and ~ catnd;tlie Injuries Rencoeeded In turning water from fc on to the Ore, and eaved part of fhe bonding. The dry weather Is havlnff a eerl- Oaa«ltKt .ajlon the lamblne throughout the c«itral-^est and Wnt Tts absence ot green feri Is re- spouBible ior the death of a large number of eweB. The lamb? die belore birth, with the result that the ewes die after. Mr. P. \V. Gavel, the Dublio Stoek Inspector, Is in receipt or many inquiries as to the cause of so much mortality among ewua, tnit he can only give the one answer—the scarcity of green feed. The lambing this year, particularly In some parts of the State, will be very disappointing- According to Mr. W. McGregor, . delegate to l&st; week's meeting of the Clarence District Council of the P.P.ll at VJlruarra, cotton growing on a com merclal scale la not only possible on the Clarence theoretically, but was practically tried and proved a success as far back as 60 years ago. He remembered It well, be said. The trouble In those days wu high cost of cotton pickers who mostly young Irish iv*a, and can from Sydney. Tbo Industry, hewever. hnd **»en *ay to sugar growing. Mr. T. Baker said there was plenty of land in the Clarcnce district admirably suited for cotton growing, but not good enough for dairying purposes. It was decided to procure nil aible Information on tho naHrr. Mr. Kelly reinnrked th:,t If thih were done he knew six member* of Oic Clarvnza branch who were aprcnblo to allot hair an acre or land to testing the crop. Ther* has been a sroat run on •dies and kerosene in Bathum during Ule last couple of weeks, on uc<onnt of the bad quality of the pa*. Many families have discarded the gas, and are using lamps and candles. Th« sooner the trouble is adjusted the better will be the temper of tlie Bathuretiane. . Everybody In Orange will hr.ve the opportunity of visiting Papua, and make the trip by way of the cinematograph ecreeo, at the Strand shortly. The journey from Thursday island to Torres Straits and thence to the coast and the interior of Papua, is A long one; but the enchantment of it Is amplji conveyed in Capt. Prank Hurley's admirable picture, "Pearls flnki Savages," with its glimpses o' savage life snd strajigo customs, nnd Its view of entrancing tropical scenery. An inventor expects within a abort time to patent his Xo^i^ph. a slmjtie machine for Selecting tbe pes of an cpk before hatching. The inventor has spent ten years in experimenting, and now claims' ibnt with his machine lie can tell whether an egg is fertile ni)<l if it eontains the embryo of a rooster or a pullet. The machine is a small Affair, made of wood, and consists of on inverted cup with a handle. Tho inventor, to show tbe efficiency of hi? machine, placed o number of eegs on an insulstor and h'>Id IIIB machin? over one of them. The cone.be gan Immediately to revolve in a rotary orbit, until it was removed from the egg. "It is a rooster," said the inventor, "when the cone goes round circle, and when it swlngB like a pendulum the egg will develop into pullet.", He thinks bis machine will put the raising of chicken* on a scientific basis. In 1821 CapL W. E. Parry's Arctic expedition deposited on the beach of Fury and Hecla Straits, a narrow passage leading westward between Baf> fln'R Land and Melville Peninsula, in Northern Canada, tins of bully beef, which, when opened up recently, although 100 ^eare old, proved to be o/ exatlldtot coQor, and condition, also sweet and good whe& oaten. Returning through Tenterflrid last week was a traveller from Queensland as far out as Clermont. He looked a worker, as he represented himself to be, and he told a pitiable tale of unemployment in the Northern State. No worker in Queensland, he said, wanted another term or Theodore Govrtument AM workers are prepared to take reduced wages and be surr of work and not starvation. 