Sidelights Frederick Clagg, who was in in mate of the Old Men's Homes at Pav vnmatta, was found drowned in the river near Harris Park. Tho body had evidently been in the river for some days.* Clagg escaped from tha home last Monday week. The steamer Hanau took 600 tons of general cargo |l|rom Hamburg. J Bremen, and Antwerp, for Australia.1 Extensive law reforms are in con templation by tho Minister for Jus tice (Mr. Ley). Others, of a more formal nature are in the hands of Mr. Bavin, ;the Attorney-G'enerjal. It is expected that they will-be in troduced this'session. A bricklayer named Cyril Evans, of Bellevue-street, Glebe, was work ing on .a new building at the corner of William and Henry: and Harris streets, Ultimo, and fell a distance of about 60 ft. The Civil Ambulance removed him to Sydney Hospital, where he was admitted'in a serious condition, suffering from a fracture til the base of tlie skull. Mr. Henry FordV in a statement, said:—"I would not buy, coal to ope rate my plant, even if I could obtain iti _for the railroads and mine-ow ners are in collusion to keep the price up. I tried baulking tliemi They, ore diroctly responsible; for my jay ing-off the'men iivjnjr". factories-,"'.but' it was the only thing.i: could do." He denounced the price of from 7 dol lars to !) dollars per ton at tho miue's mouth for coal as outrageous. It was discovered that an attempt had been made to blow' open the safe at the store of David Brothers anil Burgess, general, merchants! l.ismore, during .Saturday night. A plug of nnexploded , gelignite was found in. Die keyhole of the safe, but nothing had been taken l'rom the store. The general meeting, of the Seone Cc-operative Dairy Co. was held in the Oddfellow's Hall. The \ report showed that 334 tons of butter were manufactured, tho value: being £49, 019\. These figures are a record, both in butter and value, for the company. Owing to the greatly increased num ber of suppliers, a 50 h.p. suction gas plant and 15-tou refrigerator., al so another SOO-ton batch pasteuriser, are being installed. The profit for the year just closed-was' £427, and a dividend of 5 per cent; to the share liolilers was declared . Supplies^ are now on the increase, but a good fall of rain is urgently required. The suggestion has been made that aborigines might-:be employed in cot ton- growing in'the Northern Terri tory. The Home and Territories De partment points out that this is pcr missable. The responsibility for ob taining native labor rests with, the prospectve employer and not witli the Government, which cannot compel the natives to accept work, but only see that their interests are protocted after they have accepted employ ment. The wholesale prices of butter in the Melbourne market were increas ed by 5/ per. cwt. oh Monday. The increase was decided upon in ./view of higher prices; in- the. London .mar-, ket. Brisk .inter-State, demand . was also a factor that influenced mer chants in making "the alteration. Two Germans, one of whom clajm cil to be a , tully-ciualiiied .engineer, stowed away aboard the Danish mo tor ship Chile, 'when she was at Sourabaya, hoping to get to Aus tralia. A few days out, however, they were discovered; arid the-y captains sooner than run the risk of carry ing prohibited immigrants, furnished tlieiu with supplies and- put^" them ashore on one of tli^ Dutch islands/ The question ;ot the erection oi a war memorial at Villers Bre'tonneux, on the sito given by the French.Go vernment, will shortly come before the Federal Government. It is also proposed to erect a memorial at Port Said. Competitive designs have been invited to the latter memorial, to wards the cost of which (£15,000) £1500 has been already subscribed by the Australian and New. Zealand (roefps, _ who fought , in , Pale stino. and Syria. The amount of stamp duty recei ved in Sydney last week in respect of probate and letters of administra tion was £24,065 7s 7d. To this sum the estate of the late Thomas Moore Walker, of Tenterfield, storekeeper, which was valued at. £18,823, con tributed £1317 12s 2d; a nil that of tlio late George Hodgson, of- Dulwich Hill, which was valuod at £31,218, ~2'j5c! 10s 7d. l A conference. ou the question of filter conservation on the Upper Hi'iiter is to be held at Scone on September 22. Tlie Minister for Agri culture (Mr. Chaffey), is chairman °£ the Irrigation Commission, and has promised to attend and meet a de putation. *)r. Karle Page addressed a con ference at Maclean on Saturday. Dr. , 1'iise said it seemed to depend veryi largely on the attitude of eanegrow-! '■rs nnd their activity in the next : 'w months what deal they would Ret in respect, to the price of cane and sugar in the Iuture. The Coun try party maintained that the sugar industry should be protected against 'ilutk-gvown sugar to the extent, of *6 a ton. During the wai; the Aus tralian public got its cheaper sugar !'t the expense of the canegrower;; of Australia. To-day the consume h-i're paying practically lOOL.Por cent, "lore than the growers and millcru l('§i!ther got during the earlier pari '->f the war. 