British km foreign urns. Limerick workmen excavating near St. John's Hospital, Limerick, for the corpo ration found a number of copper and bronze coins of the reigns of Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth, and Henry the Eighth. The coins were sent to ' the Dublin Museum. A. terrible death was th© fate of a ten year-old boy of Dudley. Worcester. The bov was runniner to natnh n. horsi* ii+, nasi ture and followed the animal over a waste pit mound, which under the surface was all on fire. It gave way beneath him, and he was burned to death. Fear that the Government would confi scate her business because of possible errors in her income tax report, resulted in a Buffalo (N.Y.) woman losing her mind. She was the owner of a grocery store, and after sending in her income ta.x report she became worried. She was committed to the State hospital for the insane. Real drama, thrilled the audience in a theatre in Paris. During the performance of the drama. 'Gosseline' as the Ba Ta Theatre, a lion tamer, ivas attacked in the lions' cage and his right arm torn. After receiving treatment at a hospital he. was taken to his home. The incident caused great alarm amongst the spectators. The latest feat in Belfast Bridge Build ing was performed during a recent week end. An old bridge was removed and the new .put ? into position'. . The- operation commenced on Saturday night after .the last train had passed and by 9 a.m. Mon day one 'road' was open, so that there was very little dislocation of traffic. A boy of Red Hill, Worcester, was .re cently admitted to the infirma.vy with all the fingers of his left hand blown off and two on the other injured, the result of the explosion of a supposed empty cart ridge case* which he, was probing with a pin. 'He had the case for .some years, and had used it as a pencil holder. . Chicago banks have planned to con struct tunnels connecting the downtown banks with the Federal Reserve J3ank, so as to prevent street holdups of bank mes sengers. The 'first to be constructed will connect the Illinois Trust and Savings, the Merchants Loan and Trust and the Corn Exchange National Bank, it was said. Choked 'by a marble was the fate of a five-year-old boy at Denbeath, Scotland. After amusing himself for :a considerable time bouncing the tiny glass; ball about he put it in his mouth, but it slipped back »nd choked him. A neighbour noticed his condition and rushed to his assistance, but the child died before reaching hospital. r Indian immigration to Fiji is welcomed by the Fijian Government. The Govern ment of Fiji, having intimated itp willing ness to give a pledge that the position of Indian 'immigrants shall be equal to that of all other British subjects (resident in the islands, the Government of \ India- has appointed a committee to visit Fiji next autumn. The noted brigand and murderer, Nimr Jubran, has been shot and killed by the Palestine mounted police. Jubrari, after escaping from Acre gaol while under sen tence of death, had been operating with a gang of outlaws in the hills of Phoenicia, near the 'Syrian border. Others of the brigands were wounded and the gang was broken up. Unscrupulous methods of opium smug glers make dangerous the examination of steamers for opium, is shown by the dis covery on board a Chinese steamer from Wuchow cleared for Hongkong of sixty poisonous snakes which had been put in baskets containing parcels of opium.- The' smugglers' idea was apparently to frighten inquisitive customs men away from the consignment. Public parks and squares in Berlin in the futiire will show little of the old-time splendor that used to arouse the admira tion of visitors, for it has been decided' to sell or hire all the palms and evergreens to concert halls and movies. This is but another step of the town fathers to fill the empty ranks of the city, but it will not meet with the approval of the babies and nurses who frequent the park Ifcnches on bright summer mornings. A large fish rarely known to invade'the waters of the Firth of Forth has been cap tured by one of the Dunbar line fishing fleet about 17 milos north-east of that port. It is known as the Blue Mouth, and is regarded as a' native of more southern seas, the Mediterranean being his chief haunt. 'Of a brilliant crimson color, its food consists of small flat fish and shrimps. The specimen in question has been sent to the Uioyal Scottish Museum. A horrible tragedy was discovered' by a Pennrth (Wales) man. -,? When ho arrived home his wife came downstairs and told, him she had killed her seventeen months-old baby. Hushing. 'into the bed room, he found the baby dead in a cot, its throat having been cut with a carving-knife. It is stated that the woman bad be'enein bad health ever since' the baby's birth. Another child, aged nine, sleeping in the adjoining bedroom, was unharmed. Attacked by a wild boar, a. party of motorists scattered in terror on the road from Grenoble to Valence, France. The boar leaped out ,0'f the bracken at the road side and attacked the car. In ? his excitement tlie chniiffeur ran the car into a fence, - seriously damaging the engine, and overturning the machine. The pas sengers were terrorised, but one had' the prosenco of mind to draw' a revolver and shoot the animal dead. A' fatal dog bite was sustained by a seven-year-old girl of Zanbult, Kimberiey, South Africa, The child went to spend the holidays at tho farm- of her uncle at Sandrift. As she was passing some na tives a dog that was lying down sprung up and inflicted a bite on the calf of her leg. The wounc'f was attended to. but septic poison set 'in, and, despite constant medical attention, the chiJd succumbed three days afterwards, and slid was buried on the farm of Zanbult. - - A barefooted girl 'burglar,' twelva years old, caught beside a broken sky light on the roof of a dry goods store, confessed to the Chicago police , that she and her fourteen-year-old brother, arrested with her, had committed over twerity-fiye robberies in a few months. The police arrived in response to a burglar alarm. They found the boy preparing to lower his sister through the skylight with a. 60ft. rope, which he wore coiled about his j waist. oThe girl had ten rings and the \n,\ \ a gold watch, loot from a jewellery store. From movies to pulpit is the step to be taken by Arthur B. Merriman, for a lonjj;, time owner and manager of theatres iri.- Syracuse, New York, who is now jzcttuv ready to go to New York and study for orders for the Episcopal ministry. Merri man as, a boy /had a 'leaning' for tho ministry, but somehow- he could not quite make it. He had the religious- convic tions, the'1 desire, the studiousness — everything but the means to go abend with bis studies.- He never lost sight of his idea, his life's desire, though it wns years before he dared ' hope to see it realised. ' A family of burglars, including father, mother, two boys, and a girl, have been sentenced at Lucerne, Switzerland, to long terms of imprisonment for burglary and theft. The family have lived at Lucerne since 1913, and during the past five years they have committed more than 100 burglaries, 60 of which have been traced to the father and the remain der to the mother, aided by her children. The boys, aged 12 amd. 15, crept clown chimneys and opened the doors of the ' houses robbed by their parents. The girl, aged 16. was employed to rlisnnse of jewellery and other proceeds of the rob beries. Suicides and divorces jumped fast in . Germany during the past seven .years; Of the persons who committed suicide before the war one-third were women. During the war exactly as many women ns men .took their own lives-. the 'total for both being 8000.. In 1919 tho number of men that committed suicide increased to 7000, while the number , of women was -iKain 4000. There w.nre considerably fewer _ suicides in the southern- regions (-.ban in tho other parts of the country.' There are 59,530 divorce cases pending m Prussia. In 1914 the divorces numbered 16.000. in 1916 there were 13.000 and in 1919 the total was 21.000. But in 1920 the figure jumped to 43,000. A- strange mistake in identity was'made when sx- woman was knocked down by 'a tramway car. A man .rushed, forward, shouting. 'Oh, my poor wife!'. ,.He ac companied the police ambulance to the hospital mid sat by the injured woman's bedside till she died a few hours '.latnr. Ho wns soN overcome by enef that the hospital authorities sent him home in a taxicfib, accompanied by a policeman, to get the identification papers necessary 'for a burial certification. At 'his house the man's real wife was .found 'waiting for I'un, very anxious fit his long absence. Phe hnd missed h«r husband in tlio street in the crowd that had gathered after the accident, and had gone home to 'await his return. ' ? ? A successor to_ Samson 'appeared in * Guildford Police Court charged with assaulting four men. Complainants said of him that he threatened to pull: a ho'rs'o and cart clown if they didn't get- down ;ind take the punishment, which, accord ing to him, they '.deserved. When, evi dently, thinking discretion tho better part '* of valor, they descended to' the roadway, ' .' the defendant they alleged, thrashed each of them, and ended up by overturning tho horse and- cart. Death in bone meal got a dock labourer ? who was working on the Tilbury docks. He was unloading bags of' bone meal shipped from Bombay. A few days after wards his neck began to swell, and he thought he had a mosquito .bite. Tho swelling grew worse, and ho died. The coroner said that the evidence suggested that the anthrax was set up by .the bone meal. A doctor said the anthrax geion would exist even after the death of 'an' infected animal. Five thousand lepers are in the Philip pines under, treatment, it was learned by a mission which visited the leper colony 'on tlje Island of Coulton.' Reports to the mission showed that lack of funds was pre venting the treatment of more ? than- SCO of these with chaulmoogra oil;, a recent - development in combating leprosy: These patients, the mission was informed, aro showing remarkable improvement, it was reported that the other lepers virtually wore without medicines. One of the cleverest jewel)' t.hievea ou the south coast has been arrested by. an Eastbourne detective. The detective recog nised the man from an old and fadad photograph, and kept him under observa tion for two clays. When arrested, valu able jewels are said to have been found mixed with his tobacco, and later it .as ascertained that they belonged to a ruagis- ' trate at Hastings. The man was in cus tody and the jewellery recovered before the owner bad discovered his loss. ' Burned to death . ; in his bedroom was the fate of a young man in New York. He and his two brothers lived with their parents. The father smelt smoke ant! called a policeman. It was quickly learned that the fire was in the young man's room, but nobody thought he was at home. The father and ? policeman fought the flames until the arrival of the fire department, and it was not until after the blaze had been put out that the body was found. The wictim is supposed to have gone home an hour or two before the fire and lain down with most of his- cloth- ing on. Tho police think he may have gone to sleep with a lighted cigarette, which ignited the bedclothes. The fire, was confined to one room, but all the ten ants in the building, twenty-five families, left their apartments until it was out. A case of callous cruelty to a dog: occurred at Ballymoney (Ire-land). A valuable Airedale terrier belonging to an auctioneer was found in High-street suffering from terrible wounds, which appeared to have been inflicted with a knife by driving the blade twice into the dog's body from below. The entrails of the dog protruded, and its ? agonising cries attracted the attention of passersby. A veterinary surgeon having been pro cured, the animal had to be shot. TJow a woman has lived for two years without a stomach was described at the Academy of Medicine by a Paris surgeon. She was suffering from sever© gastric ulcer. Tho whole stomach' was removed, and tbe tube leading from the gullet was sewn directly to the duodenal canal, thus conveying food direct to the intestines. For a week she was given no food. Then normal nourishment was resumed. The woman now declares thnt she is in perfect health, and has gained 221b. in weight. 'JacW the Nipper' has been found in London, and has been sentenced to a long prison term at hard labour for cutting off the hair of girls in trams, tubes and in congested streets. He is a war veteran, in whose home dptectives found several plaits of different colors, a quantity of loose hair and over 100 ribbons such as children wear. He asserted that he had brought the hair from; the Near East, but the detectives said that for a long tini© he had made a nractise of going about the- streets clipping braids and curls with ai pair of scissors. A cave became a grave for, a young rail way clerk at Newhaven. when tiie sidos and roof gave way. Prolonged drousht arid recent high winds, it is thought, caused the collapse of the cave, which is supposed to have been duti; by children. ' Out for a. walk with his d-^K.the victim had halted at the cnve, watching two chil dren at play close bv. Gvent masses of sand — seven or eifht tons, it is estimated — fell on him'1 without, n moment's .warn incc, and he' was: completely buried. Alarm was . friven bv the ohiTrlren, and two men, hurrying to thp spot, dug out the unfortu nate man's body. Without food nr shelter for a week a Moffat (Scotland) man was found in a dazed condition in the Callow Hill wood. He ?hf.d nroooedod to- the wood with tbe son of his landlady to gather firewood, and they became sepnratod. His dipm» pearance .caused a sensation in Moffat. and search parties Bcoured the wood nml tbe adipoent moor for n. v°ok. At l.'st on organised search party disnovrerl the ?missinc man amono; some touvt fir t.mos. He wns in a wenk and rlaznd -'rondition after his tvvin-r rsxppvienf*0 in tho onen without food. It i' ?thought that he had been overcome by the heat. ? An unusual accident occurr^ r-t 'Hettystown. near Layton. C^nnty Menth. Ireland, when a boy from Dublin, who wa«? nn a visit to some friends, was smothered in a sandhill. Tt appears that with son^e other younpste^s the bov was enticed- i'1 ? dieainrt v a kind of tiinnel or 'dugout' through si sand dune, when, it... is: r-~^- snmed. the roof of the tunnel f'.ll in. 'When' he did not annenr-pt the ptlmr «nd his companions, who had T-rfneder' him through the imssnie, ^m'sed t-o nlnvm, and some m^n. huTvino1 to the s^ne, commenced dictnrintr for the boy. - LiFo. ? however, was extinct when the body was recovered. Torchlight procession arranged by the Catholic Union of the Hernals district of Vienna on the occasion of the jiibilee of the parish priest was forcibly disturbed by Socialists and Communists. Regarding it as a Monarchist demonstration, the Socialists broke the police cordon ' and attacked the women in the procession with sticks. The police thereupon used their swords, wounding three of those interfering with the procession. They themselves had two casualties. The crowd subsequently demonstrated in front of the police station with a view to obtaining the release of the twelve persons arrested, but. was finally dispersed. Vladimir Chessin, formerly consulting lawyer to the Danish and Swedish lega tions in Petrograd, witli his wife, an ex singer of the Imperial opera in Potrograd, recently arrived at Copenhagen alter a perilous flight from 'Kussa. Their, last memory about 'Riussia is a rifle shot .sent after them while crossing the . frontier. Chessin. in the course of an interview, said 'Lenin's regime is a rule oi' horror. This is proved by my own case. Wince 19irf I liave spent practically all my time in pri son ma iikhy cell said, but tor my wii:'o smuggling food into the prison J would have starved to death. One . hundred of . my 125 fellow prisoners died from starva tion. Russia to-df.y is a hell : that's tho truth about Lenin's Russia. The popula tion of the towns a.ie (.lying out, autl the houses are demolished by tho thousand in order to obtain house timber. as fuel.' Petrol from weeds is said to have been the discovery of a French scientist of the to the French Academy of Science 'n pro cess for the extraction of petrol combina tions from ordinary plants. 'The new fluid closely resembles Borneo . petrol, which, in tlie early days of the war, pro vided the French Government with the bases for high explosives, as it contains a large percentage of both ' uenzina and toluene. Not only can the uny putrol be mixed with ordinary .alcohol, .thereby pro viding a possible motor fuel, but the crab of production, since many coinmon weeds can be used in making it, is very low. Moreover, in the process of manufacture ? o,f thi'-- p-M.rol a.n inflammable gas is fivon off w/'i'h \y.'is said to have pr---!u:.'ed 20, -'/'-' 'e.-t 'stories and which, it -rp- turcc! .v'onlrl nkme pay'for the'instuLtion of large plants, The- explosion at the Mossend (Scotland) gas works .during a recent week-Mid .was so strciif/, that a door was 'blown*. .'right out of tho works and half way across the street. The explosion occurred while the? ?xi\h n!ant workeis in tho old section were 'blov-inr; ofi' '.he rr.as in the tubes for tho ?week- end. Tt was fortunate^ and mn't »\tr^oidi'.ary that nobody -was even ht^rt, as , the damage to the plant Is cousi'dei ablo.i ? Blind musicians' success was spoken of at ji meeting of tho directors of tho 'riiiiibiir-ih J-loyal Wind Afiylum and Srhnol. FL was staled that oigbt ' candi- dates had been p'rcsciit-ed for tljooxnininu ii'in of the Tnocrpor^ted iSo^ioLv of Musicians, and all had passed, four Avith Ii/mkts and l'our with distinction; It wns' an inclination of the birdi position which the school held in training of tho blind in music. 