The 'Wonderful Life of the Eel. Marine zoologists have solved at last the ancient riddle of the life history of the common eel. Dr. Johs. Schmidt, a Danish zoologist, has now filled up the last of the gaps in the tale, and here it is. The adult, eels— a male eel is an adult at five or six years of age, and a female at anything from five to twenty — from all the rivers, lakes, and ponds of Eur. pe set oiit seawards in autumn and winter, rest ing by day and travelling by night, es pecially on moonless nights. They prob ably go about ten miles a night. Reach ing the open sea they never return. But Wo kuow what becomes of them now. Their place of honeymoon and nursery is a limited tract of the North Atlantic, about 2500 miles south- west of England and 500 miles north-east of the Leeward Islands. There the larva; of the eel are born in spring and early summer, appar ently between 700 and 1000 feet below the surface. As they grow during that first summer they move up towards the surface. Next summer .the one-year-old in fants are found in the centre of the Atlantic, some impulse urging them north eastward towards Europe. The summer after that they are off the coasts of Europe. For tho ten months following this third midsummer of their lives the lame, now developing into elvers, seem to taxe no food at all. lt is a period of some strain,- for they have to make their way up the rivers,' then up their tributaries, and so — many of them— into remote inland pools, and at the same time they have to change thedr gear, as it were, from that of sea life to that of the fresh water. However, the stout creatures manage somehow to live on their fat. By the following Apn; they are smaller than they were, but they have arrived. ... To add an extra marvel to this three-year Odyssey of the baby eel, he comes from a breeding area used also by a slightly dif ferent species, the American eel, The larvae of the two species are found together, and are sometimes taken in the same net, . Yet no American larva, as far as is known, makes for Europe and no European larva for America. Dr. Schmidt discovered why, oy following both crowds of larvae up. The American kind, he found, completes its larval stage in one year— just- long enough for it to reach the American coast before its constitution beginB to cry out for frcsli water ; and fresh water, things. So if- it made for Europe it would, at the end of the first year of the journey, be cast away in mid-Atlantic like a wrecked mariner, with water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink. H, on the other, hand, a larva with a European pedigree struck out for America, it would have to bang about off the American coast, like a quarantined ehip, for two years until its organism was qualified to go up a river. Either would perish. One stands amazed and awed at the perfect certitude of instiiict which propels each kind of eel, unguided by' any accompanying parent, along the proper route of its own pilgrimage. But amaze ment grows deeper, if possible, in presence of the apparent enormity of Nature's exaction of effort both from the emigrant parents and from the immigrant youog. What, one wonders, can the physical cir cumstances of the world have been whieh evolved for the sluggish-looking creature that we see lying motionless on the mud, under clear ice, conditions of racial con tinuance so much more exorbitant than those imposed even upon migratory birds. Those -who! in early youth have Btooped to the baseness ot laying night-lines for eels may remember with some compunction the stony fortitude with which tho hooked eel would wind himself tightly round the. base of the stout -water-lily stems to resist the toa-riTKT haul nf the line. They need reso- lution, these eels.— "Manchester . Guard ian." : 