News in Brief The Federal Custom authorities at Sydney have refused to allow an Assyri an missionary belonging to the Assyrian community of Chicago, to land from the s.s. Ventura last week, pending the sub mission of a special bond as a guarantee of his intended departure from the Com monwealth. The British War Office has announced that a contract for frozen beef supplies for all the troops in England for six months has been given to a firm of Aus tralian meat exporters. • ♦ * In order to maintain the high standard of exports, the Danish Ministry of Ag riculture has announced that it will con fiscate all butter containing more than 16 per cent, of water. • • » The Bavarian Government has made the study of the English language compul sory, and French optional, in the middle schools, thus reversing the previous ar rangement. It is held that a knowledge of the English language is more valuable » » * A telegraphic message states that there is great activity in Derby owing to the arrival -of steamers from Singapore with tons of material for the oil prospecting parties. Already 12 teams have left Derby laden with casing for Frenev's Oil Company, and a special team trans ported a boring plant to the back country « * * A report from the mandated territory of New Guinea charges the Administra tion with neglect. It is stated thht there are no hospital facilities and that the majoriy of members of the Civil Service are unable to perform their duties owing to illness. At one place, through lack of surgical instruments, the resident doctor had to perform an operation with a hack saw, the patient dying shortly sifter. » » * Whilst playing football at Gundagai. X.S.W., last week, a player was thrown to the ground, and died from the effects of the injury received. In the Sydney matches on Saturday, three players suf fered broken legs and one a broken arm. In the Supreme Court, Perth, Buiming Brothers are claiming ,£500, with £1,374 interest, from Abrahams Bros (Mia Mia Pastoral Company), the amount of a promissory note given by plaintiffs to defendants in error in 1909, and subse quently paid. The premises of the Fresh Food and Ice Co., Marrickvilie, N.S.W., were burgled for the second time within a few weeks, and £370 taken from the safe, which was first packed in butter, and then blown open with dynamite. On the first visit £396 was ..taken in a similar manner. Lightning apparently does strike sometimes in the same place twice * # # A death recently occurred in the Christchurch (N. Z.) hospital from an thrax, the evidence showing that the disease had been contracted through the medium of a Japanese shaving brush. * *■ * A cable states that the visit of Field Marshal Hindenburg to Munich was frl lowed by rioting and bloodshed between Monarchists and Republicans, the latter attacking the soldiers that had pr, panied Hindenburg. On Tuesday 39 divorces were granted by Mr. Justice Gordon in the Sydney Divorce Court, and 500 suits are still listed for hearing. • • « The largest single shipment of gold bullion ever received in the United States arrived recently from Denmark. The shipment is valued at 35,000,000 dollars, and is believd to be of Russian Soviet origin. # « * The Soviet Russian Government has issued a new decree abolishing capital punishment except in districts under martiai law. Five veal's' imprisonment I is now the maximum penalty for any mis demeanor. A heavy rain and wind storm burst, over New Vork last week, during the height of the summer Reason, when many persons were holidaymaking along the shores. The casualties amounted to £4 known to be dead, 30 missing, and £2 dangerously injured. More than 230 rowing boats, canoes and yachts were capsized. The claim-'advanced by the Sauth Afri can Government for compensation in connection with the delivery from Aus tralia of fault}- wheat and flour, lias now been settled by the payment of £113,000 in cash. The claim was for £330,000. Of the sum total paid the South Australian and Victorian Wheat Boards are debited ■with ,£26,250 each, the Australian Wheat Board pays £30,000. and the Govern ment ,£32,500. The ^gregate loss of wages doe to the lockout •'<: the British engineering trade is estim&ted; ,to-i^*deed £9,000,-000. » » • By an overwhelming majority the Syd ney Council has decided to take no step to retard Australian trade with Germany A motion that the Council should not, directly or indirectly transact business with German firms or use German goods was lost. * * * A cable received from the Prime Min ister of Canada has announced to the Federal Government the willingness of the Dominion to enter upon a reciprocal tariff agreement with the Commonwealth * * « The official estimate of unemployed in Britain as on June 1, is 1,440,220, a de crease of 383,533 since January. t * * * The Federal Cabinet has agreed to finance the New South Wales Voluntary Wheat Pool to enable a second payment to be made to farmers in that State on the current wheat hsrvast. * * * The American Relief Administration in Russia report that about 7,000,000 Rus sians in the Volga region are receiving assistance, and that the relief work is ex tending rapidly. About 120,000 tons of foodstuff reached the famine areas during May, and it is estimated that the famine is now under control until next harvest. * * * Dr. Hammer, representing an American syndicate, who has returned to New York from Russia, has been granted a conces sion of about 1,000 square miles in the Ural Mountains at Ekaterinburg. He states that the tract contains vast depos its of asbestos and aluminium and work had jdregdy commenced with modern machjpejy; American -legislators hold that the United States should tell Japan frankly that America would never tolerate the Japanese position as to immigration, land-ownership, and race equality. * * » At the Labor Convention held at Cin ciunatti, U.S.A., Samuel Gompers. the President of the American Federation of Labor, revealed that since 1920 the. fed eration had lost about 883,000 members. It has been officially announced that France's period of compulsory military service is to he reduced from three years to one year, as before the war, and that the army is to be reduced to 630,000 men jr * * « The Army contract for Australian frozen beef recently given to an Austral ian firm, is estimated to absorb about 20,08® first-class quality bullocks, the shipment of which will commence on July 1. * • « A full shipment of frozen beef, tallow, and bovril was dispatched from the Wvnd ham Meat Works this week, by the Boonah. Loading operations were car iied out without any trouble, the work being done in 12-hour shifts, of which 6 hours was counted as overtime. * * « It was recently reported that an An gora buck was sold in Texas for .£610. The fleece when shorn weightd 28B). and had a staple length of 26 inches. * » * Owing to the increase of crime in Vic toria, the State Cabinet has decided to adopt a system of motor patrol. Suitable vehicles are to be supplied and the police force to l>e increased. * * - For the second time within a few weeks the Fitzrov branch of the E.S. and A. Bank, has been broken into and rob bed. On the first occasion £57 was stolen, ail in copper, and on this occas I ion, £57 was also taken, mostly in silver * # - At an early hour on Wednesday morn ing, the body of a young man named Cyril Thomas, 19, clad only in pyjamas, was found on the railway track at flow den, near Adelaide, having been run over by a train. It is thought that the man was walking in his sleep when the trag edy occurred. i < • Through skidding ou a gpeasy track, a motor bus in Sydney, crashed into a tele graph pole in Military road, Mosmans, injuring 7 of the 22 passengers. There were soulb remarkable escapes from ser ious injury. » » « At Nettle Creek, pear Urafton. N.S.W. a stockman named Hackett was thrown from his horse, receiving a broken thigh and other injuries. He was in a lonely spot, some miles away from the nearest habitation, and only had his dog with him. After lying on the ground for some hours, he strapped his coat to the dog, and sent him home, the animal re turning in two hours with relatives of the injured man. 