WEATHIER FORECAST. The following forecast for New South Wales was issued last night by tlie Col?mmonwealth Divisional Meteorolo gist: Fine and warm to hot, squally and dusty north-east to northl-wost winds, change to unsettled weather later af footing the south-western and southern distriots. There are stated to be between 5000 and 6000 Diggers out of work in New South Wales, mostly in Sydney and Newcastle, Inspector Flnney, formerly of Ceass nock area of the Northern Publlo Schools inspectorato, will succeed In spector Reany at Iosman. The latter has been transferred to Chatswood. Fivo hundred candidates sat for the examination for entrance to Hereford I-louse (Juno session) in Sydney during last waok. About 150 of those will be accepted for training as teachers. Out side Sydnoy, Maitland supplied tie grneatest number-42. Newcastle .was next with 30. A woman farmer in the Glen Innos district is cultivating an area of about 40 acres, doing the whole of the farm work herself. Last year she had an excellent crop of maize, giving a yield of '28 bushels to the acre, also a good crop of pumnpkins, and a few acres of cay, which wont three tons to the acre. While the second heat of the side car handicap was being run at the Bathurst Motor Cycle Club's carnival on Satur day, the axle of the car driven by G. Parker accompanied by S. M'Coskloy. broke. Wood and Vaughan and T. Ben stoead and M, Barry were unable to avoid the wrecked machine, and were thrown heavily. Barry was taken to tihe Bathurst Hospital and admitted. Ienatead and ,M'Coskey were rendered uncoiasolous, but recovered under firset aid troeatment by the City Ambulanc. MIr. Hughos, Prime Minister, left Mel bourne on Saturday for West Australia, and while .in that State will concon rate solely upon the bonenits likely to accrue no the result of the agreement oter?ed Into between the Commonwealth and tie State Governments for finano ing the immigration scheme, which Sir James lMitcholl placed before the last Conforence of Premiers, Accompany ing Mr. Hliughes on this trip will be Mr, E. N. Robinson, publicity ofleor to the Immigration Department, It is the first occasion on' which Mr. Hughes has ever carried tn omcer of this branch with him on his tour within the Conmon wealth. In departmental circles, It is regarded as the forerunner of an exten slve campaign for advertising the Com monwealth's interest in immigration. tIn view of the fact that Australian mnerchants will shortly be able to trade directly with Germany it is'of inetrest to note that acoording to "The Times" trade eupplemont of.February 25, one of the re sults of the collapeo of the mark was the wholesale ropudiation of their engago montec by German exporters, One excuse was inability to.obtain an export permit, In other cases preotexts wore made, main ly for the purlose ti obtailning hligher prices. "T'ie Times" Bays that for this reason British importoers who wore eager purehasers of German, goods a year ago are now ilndling that, while it is easy to place orders in Gommany, the clhanooe of ohbtalnlng delivery are remote, in thleseo clrculuotasces the statonont made pro viously that the Borlin aiuthorltlos wore desirous that contracts entered into boe fore December 81t last should be respected, and were prepared to grant export lieonsees has excitedrmurhl Interest, The German exporter cannot lay the blame upon the Borlln ofiiaole. British merohants who have appealed to the Berlin authorlties for fedresu."feel that the whole matter aught to be broubht to light and a warn. 1n?i dgVe to, rhiber ooa?rn'?., The death Is reported from the Mac teay R iver of hMrs. Mary Lans, at the nge of 11" years. OShe had lived in the district lsince 1844. A fite in King Etdward Park at I1 o'clock last night destroyed habout thre acres of grass. It was extinguished by the Newcatle East Brigade. The weathcr was flne at Newcastle yestcerday, wisth the wind north-west in the rOl'ltng and :orthr nast in the even ing, snd I, mnxlima?,lin slltsde temliielratuir 5was 77 dentC e . F'or the 24 hours enCd .d nt lnio o'clock yesterday leornling the mininmum tenmpersture was 63 de gref?s. During the operiod 1897-1921 a total of 777,540 tons of cone was crulhtd at the Isli miln , in Queeniland, for which £824,i54 wans paid. Altogether 810,662 tolls of cugar, of n value of £1.198,004, was alnunlfatillred, anl wanges and (al arioes for thant lperiod alOllnted to £140,681. Mrs. . i-tll, aged 28 years, living in Lake-road, COnrdiff, was naliting lher itlohsbannl i1 the ree'llnll of L houls at Cardlff on Sleturday aftierlnoon, when she was slrulk on the lheald by a pliece of falllng lmber, which inflleld a a0everc inlinfded wound. Shlo wal talken by the NewInastln Ambulancn Transport 'Tmrl gade to the allsellnd Hospital, where ;ie was adiitited. Aubrllley tReynolds 0, 46, and hsl wlife, Sarah 0Jane il'ynolda, 43, were asleep in their hut near the railway devaltion works., near Bithurot, oil ]'ridly night, when e firem brolke oullt. Tihe nlight clothen of both hlad canlght atlighll before ]eynolds was awalcnedlll. Hice dralggcd is wifo linto the olen, . rtlere aRsqIatlce was ait I:atl. Boh \Io were taken to Itl e Elathburst losplltal. The lwoman l1ed li milnelintely after adhintn alon, land ]Ieynollil died the following Ilight. Thle holiday nll Newcastle passed quietly 01on Slatulrday, withl perfect wCOatll Cr, and every opeiortlnitiy for outdoor .Plealure. Tilhe city did not bear a holiday nspect, owling to thile big exodllus of people to Sydney Ifor thile noEaster race ond show. anlld to thle various Lake loc luarln reorts. ThCrO was IL good crolwd on the Ibenches. where tle loVar riORs' Frjiend Carnivl wa10 an attrac(lol. Tile WTallOnd races, football matclhel, and other silorti, 111te NewcasCtle fistedd fod, the Vicloria Thleatre, and the var lo0s Ileture thelatres of tlhe city and district wero all well attended. The Bendigo (Vie.) Benevolent Asylum Colmlitto has recleived a letter from the Prime Minister's department relative, to 11its requoest that Mr. lutghes shoull re ceiveo a deputation in connlection with the allocation of tile old-agoe pellntons of In mates of asylums. The committe,e had protested against thile action of thile Go veornment in retalinig 2o Gd out of the allowalnce to pensioners on their blecomn ing Imnatcs of asylums. In thle reply It was statedl tthab Mr. Huigheos wcold not be able to reciove a delltntion till practi cnlly tile end of May, and In view of ad0 vlce. received from theo Treasury, he did not feel that hot could renlder much assist ancc inll thile direction desired. A copy of a statemenct from the '1'rel'orl was1 for warded,. In this it a~n stated that tio maintenance of benevolent asylums was a Sltte responsibility. Thile Commonwealth had no say Il thleir managecment, and ,was uInder no oblllgatlon to contrlblte to their upklteepl, It did, lhowever, contribluto by payinllg for thile lmalliltenaollc of pcnslioller in tho Institutions, and theo patymetllcl whlchl already forlmed a blig pecontnoge of the revenuoe of the insltutions, would bh como larger eachcl ycr on account of tle( groat ntlmber of pensitoners admitted. Offcial sinatstlcc were recently insued showln Germany's lossearn In submarineos and alrships during the War. Altogether lo99 aubmarines worn Snok, Interned, or captured. Thirty-one of these lte on the bed of tile North Sea (three ton erman constal waters). The Engllsh Channel was the grave of the Flanders Flotilla, nod there lio a total of 50 submarhnos. Twelve mnoro were lost' In the "IHoofdon" ,ntrance to the Channel. Around Eng land lie 43 nuhbmarine-five on the Weslt Coast, 10 on the East Coast, two by Scanp Flow, nine around Ireland, seven In the Irish Sea, two by the Shotlands, and two b? Scilly. In tho Mediterranean lie 17 boats, In the Black Sea are four, In the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans two eannch, and In the Baltic throe. Off the Danish coast lies one, off the French North Sea coansts are two, off the Dutch coast throe, and off the Flemish coast tno sllubalrines weore Interned and slub sequently surrendered or blown up. At other place.s as follows: Spain, fiveo; Holland, two: Polo, soven; Cataro, T'riesto, and Flumo, one each, Four were blown up before the oGerman reltrcnt from Flandoers. In the boats sunli were drowned 370 naval om' corn and nabout 5000 patty officers and men. Thile naval fitling branch lost dur ingl the war 80 airships, and the lives of c navanl flying officers and 600 crow. The airships were bronght or canmo down -oight over England, five over France, fivo over the North Sna, five over ncl. tral coasts, three in and around the laltlc, and one In the liodltnrranuan, while three were dostroyed in their sheds in Gormanny. The subject of Stato-owned shipping was daicussed by Sir Frederick Lewis rcenotly at the annual meeting of the British Ol~bambor of Shipping. HIo saiold that the admliulstratorn of the United States mor chant fleet had been faced with the prob lem of how to orgaiseo into a pronftable smervlco a hugo fleet of 1800 vessels, of about 11,500,000 tons dond-woaight, and standing in the books at on avorage of £50 a ton. Revenue dluring the year ended Juno 10, 1921, fell abshort of cxpen diture by about £20,000,000, and that de spite the facot that the rooelpt 'lncltded appropriatllons from Congress and from oales. The United Statea, unlike, Can ada and Australla, hIad not sought to ru tnain its ntionalied floet, but those re slults were what the possessioon of such a floot meant. There lid bean suggoestons ti the United States that proforontial treatmcnt should be granted by the rail ways on cargo exported or imported into the United States in Amorlonn vessoels, and to Impose duties on foreign ships in ex coos of the dues imposed on American ships, or to plnce taxes onil c?ro imported or expoarted in vessels other than Amertn ann. If that were done, the abstrd Ponl tlon would orise that each country would be sending its own shipa to bring Its own Imports, which would mean that the out ward voyage would have to be mnde in balilast. The meeting passed a resolution, proposed by Mr. H. R. Miller that the Go vecrnment should seek to oestablinh and maintain the recognition between enun tries of the principle that the profits, of shipping woro earned. upog tile high oans, and that, as such, were only taxable in the country of domlcll. 