FIFTY YEARS AGO. (Compiled from the "Coiinei" files for the week ended August 10, 1S72 ) OFFICIAL APPOINTMENTS. The following officnl appointments have been gazetted -John Palmer, elee tncal of'icei at Leyburn, to bo Savings Bank offner at that' place, Frederick Johnson, line repairer, Dalby, to be operatoi m charge of Tcltjiaph Office, Stanthorpe, Frederick AV Cine to be jim or assistant in Telegraph Office Maryboiough, and Charles Uigstein and R II Watson to be superaumeraiy opera tors H R Buttanshaiiv P Al to br. tbc Reg strar of the Noithern Dstuct Com, at Bowen, Pobert Al'Bumey Md to he medcal officer it AIicl at Gooige Porter and John Blatl» to be aldetmen for the loutit Ward of the mimic pal ty of Copperfield Senior Constable Join White t6 act as C P S at Gatton, which s appointed i place of holding Courts of I'ettt Se sions RAILW VY TRArnc The traffic en nings on the Southern md A»'e»tor i liailii ty dilling til» week ended Julv 27 were -Pn«=ongors £551/'?/'? goods md hve»toel, JL>37 put eel.» md miscellaneous, Üjo/11/I Tolal .C1409/17/Ü Increa°o on eoucapoiidi ig week last yeal, 1020/0/2 ISriMATLS FOR 1371 The Fst miles foi 1S71 weie laid on tho table of the Legislative Assembly on ¿¿id ultimo and the Colonial heasurer made his Financial Statement of an in usual and altogether satisfactory charac- ter. The Colonial Troasuior told us what ne already knew, that the colony was becoming exceedingly prosperous, but we were hardly piepared to hear bim an- nounce, as be did, that he confidently expected a sjrplus of £100.000 at the eud of 1873. In the Financial Statement a scheme was propounded for the consoli d.it on of our loans, and since then a K11 for the purpose has been introduced and read a second time. A "TIN" RUSn. Most of the leading inhabitants of Dray-ton, the oldest town on the Darling Downs, have gone to the tin mines. The «¡nings of the municipal conned have ceased, through want of aldermen, and Birnie contractors and others are left lamenting. ' A NEW »SOCIETY. ," A Scandinavian Society has been estab- lished at Maryborough. ;Its , objects\are sonilar to other benefit'societiesi and It will also aid Danish,' Swedish, and Nor- wegian immigrants. ? , AGRICULTURAL. i The presence* of blacklog amongst the herds In the coast land« gave rise to reports in the early part of the month that foot and mouth disease had ap- peared m Queensland. The Chief Inspec I tor at once Btarted for the scene of the snected disease, and after inquiry ro poits tliat there is no foundation for the rumour. So far the stock of the colony 'arc clean and in good health. I CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. The annual meeting of the Chamber of Comineieo was neld at the unices, Queen- street, on July l8. The following members were present:-Messrs. 11. M. Stewart (chairman), F. H. Hart, Forrest, Quinlan, J. S. Turnor, Box, J. AV. Bar- nett, Thomson, Fenwick, Perry, J. Hart, ¡un., and Capta ii O'Reilly. BOILER EXPLOSION. At 8.15 a.m. on AugiiBt 0, j'ust as the hands at the Union Sawmill* weie about to commence work after breakfast, the boiler of the engine which drives tlio machinery exp'oded. Mr. James Deacon, the mannger of the mills, and John Bankin, a carpenter, were killed on the snot. Ten other men were severely ni- mrod by the mass of material that was bulled in all directions by the force o, the explosion, or scalded by the boiling water nnd steam. It ia much feared that some of them will not survive the vorv serious 'mirries they have received. The Union Mills have been reduced to a tompoto wreck, and business, of course, baa been suspended The explosion. It ii declared, was duo to tho water in the bollol being allowed to get too low A mimeioii'Jy attended publie meeting was bed tho ucvt morning md a committee appointed to rinso funds for the icllef 01 (ho snffcieis by the explosion JOO.AOOMBA SHOW The annual exhibition of the Royal Agricultural Society of Queenshnd took place on August 7, and waa teiv succcbs [ni Theie w is a large number of visitor» by the excursión tia ri" but unfortun atelv the train fiom Ipswich did not airlie till th ee hours aftei the piopei time, in consequence of the engine break mg down lite collect on of ahcon was said to be the hr^est ovei exhlbted on the Downs The show of cattle was also excellent but the agilcultuial seetiou waa a fal lui». \ PPFTVl \TTOY On Tuesday evening the committee of the management of the ¡south Brisbane Picsbtterian Church met for the purpose of present ng Mr J imes Clachtr with u hand»ome hunting watch nntably In scribed chiln and bcl<-t as a reeognl tlon of his services is conductoi of the PBa'mody m the church for the past three veais PIG Brv ' The Roil hampton papers are making tilt mihi m the iib aor Hi» Ben " wbch was lint to death the other day on the Upper Fit/rot I bet are now en "aged in investigating his Intel lor, and hine discovered then» n n number of stones, weighing exactly ljcwt -probably u Si by hm us InUicst ! Hie blael s wcie grentlv Voiced at the death of theil ancient enemy, which seems to have had a peculiar taste for dining upon gina and pickaninnies. PRESBYTERIAN SOIREE. A vcar having elapsed since "the settle- ment of the Rev. Cohn M'Culloch as pastor of the Wlckham-tcrraco Prcsby tci an Church, a aolree commemorative of the event was held last evening, and kiis numerousiv attended, the church being comfoitably filled After tea Mr M'Culloch, who took the chair, give a tatisfaélory account or the progiess of the chinch during the past yew. 