State Parliament. Organising Primary Industries "Lot of Make Believe." The LcglaUUivc Assembly mot yes terday afternoon. . THE AMERICAN LOAN. Tho TREASURER (Hon. E. G. Theo- doio) explained, in reply- to Mr W. II. Barnes (N.). tlmt/- .the Queensland loan was a dollar issub at tho rat© o£ 6 per cent, vvlth a currency of 26 years. , Tho.prlco .of Issue was 06. As a sink ing fund a sum of 50,000 dollars was to bo' sot nsldo each half year during the Currency of tho 'loan for the pur- chaso of bonds of, tltf Issue on the ' open, market at a price not oxceedlng par.' Any portion of the sinking fund not expended during any six months would bo Invested at tlio. option of the Government In. bonds of tho Issuo or any other issuo of the Stato of Queensland or Commonwealth, with- out restriction as to prlco. Tho cost of the loan for underwriting charges, brokerage, Ac., was four dollars per cent. As .with the previous. American loan'," Iho. Government made a large profit on the conversion of -the dollars lntARTr UNIONS AND RAFFLES. I Air. J." & Kerr (N.) asked a series of" questions of tho_ Attorney -General in respect to art unions, raffles, fah e, and totallBators. Mr. MULLAN stated that 432 applications" for art unions wero granted during the 12 months 'ended 30th Juno, 1922, and 67 refused. Of art unions and raffles combined., 79 : - applications: wore granted and 7 i o -Tnsed In the metropolitan area, 222 TJToll. 30th June, 1913. Permits were granted jssKM%rrf.a s'Si allocated. - ' " YEAR'S LAND -REVENUE. The MINISTER FOR. LANDS (Hon ' .' J H. Coyne) stated, In reply to Mr. W Bobblngton (C.P.). that the , lan I re- ' vonuo for tlio year ended 30 th June 1922, was £1,515.534. Thero was .n export f-tax on trmber. buaeharB wns'- mado for-. supervision of pm( .logs exported: . Tho amount_ collcctei : urido'r 'thils head was £310. ( Rents du< : : and unpaid on 30th Juno, l?"- ' Selections, £105,660; pastoral holdings \- ( £4,900; occupation licenses, £7,lba, ' making- a total of £117,645. LOANS FOR BUILDINGS. Tho MINISTER FOR WORKS (tin Hon. W. Forgan Smith) stated, li reply to Mr. B. -B. Swayne (C.P.), tlia the amount spont from tho loan ac count sinco 1st July, 1915, -had been (In soven years) as follows: School buildings, £318,390; other buildings, npart from railways, £976,390; making a total of £1.291,011. "LAND DUMMYING. CASE." The minister For lands stated, in reply to Mr. Bulcock (L:), that thero was a suspected -land dummying case. in. the Blnckall district. The Land Commissioner, two land rangers, and n clerk In tho head olllco. were concerned'. In tho .Investigation; . It had been decided to tako no further action. Thore had been two successful "show cause" cases during tho last two years — one In the Blackall district, anil one in the Barcaldtno district. In each case forfeiture of tlio selection was declared. All Land Commissioners and land- rangers had been' instructed to lnvostlgato thoroughly any cases whore dummying was suspected. RAILWAY. CONSTRUCTION. The MINISTER FOR RAILWAYS (tlio Hon. J. Larcombe) stated, In reply to Sir. Swayne (C.P.),' that the loan .money ; spent through his de partment' . on railway construction slnco 1st July, 1915, wan approximately £5, 548,000- (to 30th.;junc, 1922). g . TRADES ' UNION CONGRESS. Tho CHIEF' '. SECRETARY (Mr- Theodore). replying "to Mr. W. J. Vowles (C.P.), staled that . ho wgs awaro that tho .All-Australian Trades Union Congress, held In Melbourno In ' Juno of- this' year, had reaffirmed tho objective of the A.L.P. passed at the Interstate Labour Conference hold In Brisbano last October— namely : "Tho socialisation of tho means of produc tion, distribution", and exchange." I-Io considered that the Government's pre sent schome of organisation of primary producers for tho purpose of giving assistance to them In their farming operations and co-operative onter- , prises could ho carried out. ' FREIGHTS -ON CATTLE. '. Tho MINISTER FOR RAILWAYS told Mr. G. Morgan (C.P.) that. It would tako somo timo to prepare figures- In respect to tlio freight on cattle and the number of cattle con voyed during tho year ended Juno, 1922 ' no adjournment. ' 1 Mr. A. ,C. ELPHINSTONE (C.P.) ' drew attention to tlio meeting of public, servants . then about', to bo hold, and asked If tlio Premier would adjourn tho-Houso In .order- that members ' might liavq an opportunity of attond- ' ing it. v Mr. THEODORE said lio had 110 f objection to members of tlio Oppdst- ' tion nbsdntlng themselvos to bo pre- : sent. I EMBARGO ON IMMIGRANTS » Mr. J. C. PETERSON (C.P.) aslfod i tho Fromler If it was true that an , embargo had , been placed by tho ; Queensland Government against alien settlement. Tho member read a letter ' dated March 9, 1921, which was to tlio effect that the Queensland Govern - 3 ment recognised tho valur as future i citizens of Danish farmers with capital t and that lie would consider any pro- . posal thai would lend to ll:c .setlleiaent of such termers — provided they were possessed of, say, not less limn £700 eucli. Mr. THEODORE said tliu Sluto Gov ernment had no power to impose any embargo, nor had it any power to ex clude ' immigrant's. 'rue granting uf assistance camo under tliu Common wealth' laws,, width provided', lor pre ference for 'Britishers, "wliich," , he. added, "the lion, member seems to ob ject to." MR. FIHELLY'S APPOINTMENT.' The PREMIER stated, "in reply,, to Mr. E.-H. Clayton (C, P.), that tne in formation giving tho total oxpeadraire consotiuent upon the appointment of Mr. J. A. Ftueily to tno, position of 1 Agent-Goneral would b'o gtyen to tho House, at the proper time. 1 Tho . CHIEF SECRETARY (Mr. 1 Theodore), replying to Mr, J. F. Max well (N.), stated that It ' was not advts.ablo to My on tho, table tlie papers deullng with tho resignation, de flation, . or otherwiso of tno ox-Agent- Genorul (Mr. J. M. Hunter), and tlio 'appointment of Mr. J. A. b'iholly as Agent-General. Questions relating to lilt-..' Fihclly'H appointment could bo dealt with- whon tho estimates affect ing that department wero under con sideration. TRAMJVAY BILL. Tho HOME SECRETARY (tlio Hon. W. McCorhfltck), gave notlco that,, on Tuesday next, ho would Introduce a ' hill, dealing with, the acquisition, con struction, management, and working of tho Brisbano tramways. ' .MOTIONS FOR PAPERS. _ Mr. - FLETCHER, " (Country party) moved, — "That : thero ho laid upon the ' table ' of. the Houso a rettrn showing (i) tho total amount of -retrospective rents' col lected from all sources 'during - last financial yoar ; (2) tho number of per sons or companies who received .ex tension of timo to pay votroBpectlvo. rents, and the total amount of same ;' (3) tho total amount of retrospective ronts yet- to bo -collected.1' ' , Mr. CLAYTON (Country party) moved, — "That thero ho laid upon the table of the Houso a return showing (1) the numbor of employees in- all branches of tho Government service whoso sot-vices havo been dispensed with (other than for disciplinary reasons) slnco 1st January, 1921, show ing tho number in each department ; (2) the total saving effected by the action of tlio Government iii reducing the number of Us employees ; (3) tho number of employees affected 'by any scheme of pooling of work, and tlio saving effected during tlio past finan cial your by all such schemes." LAND TAX ACT. Mr. THEODORE moved,— "That tho Rouse will,' at ltsmext sitting; resolve Itself into a -committeo of tlio whole, to eoHsider the 'desirableness of In troducing a.'blirto.amend the Land Tax Acts lit .'certain particulars." Mr.. VOWLES (C.P.) jiaia tliat wliilo .they > ".were agreed', wJtlV - fhe;: -Premier . that the Land Tax Aot roqulred amend ment. ' they did not wish the House to agreo to tho words in the motion. "In certain particulars." He wanted ah opportunity of having a general dobato. on the Act. If tboy lot that molten go they would bo limited to the particulars which tho Premier submitted. Ho therefore moved the elimination of the "words, "In certain particulars." Tho SPEAKER ruled that that was net the stag'o at which to launch an amendment, and assured Mr. Vowles that ho' would liayo an opportunity of. moving tlio omondmont whep the bill was Introduced. . ORGANISING PRIMARY- PRODUCERS. . Tho Houso wont Into coinmlttoo to consider' tho desirableness of Intro ducing n bill - to promote tho -agricul tural and rural Industries by tho organ ising of primary producers of Queens land In a completely unllled' national organisation and for other Incidental .purposes. , ' Tho MINISTER FOR AGRICUL TURE (Hon. AV. N. Gillies) said the titlo b£ the hill set out Its motives. Ho was sure that every member of', tho Houso recognised tho need for assist- ing yie rural community. Th'o Govern ment desired that tho primary pro ducers ehould bo sufficiently organised,' so that- they would, bo ablo to place their views beforo Governments, 1 and to carry out financial and other schemes Jn . their own in terests. Tho nood for organising -mar kets, and of dealing offecttvely with- . gluts and shortages was sufficient justi fication for something being dono to organise the rural, community into a" solid; unfiled, non ' party ' bocjy. Statesmen throughout tho world, and particularly In America, had recog-' nised.liow necessary., it was- to- bring about order in tho rural industries. It was tho duty, of the Government and tho nation to asslfct the farmers to this matter. That was the very step whereby they: wished to bring, about the emancipation of .tho rural com munity. The bill sought to lqngallso- what already had boon done, ' tml to give -the Council- of Agiculturnl'- '.legal, as1 well' as (lnhnclal backing.''- The .Minister pro'eeedcd to oiitllno tho provi sions of the measure, along the- linos which already havo been published from time to time. Ho stated that Govern ment nominees on tho Executive would 1)0 ' oxpo'rts,' and the Minister, for the. time, being, would bo chairman. No matter what Govern-" ment was in power, the scheme would go on. (Hear, hear.) Mr. VOWLES (C.P.) asked If it was not peculiar that tho Government, after seven years of offlco, was only now interesting Itself hi the needs of the primary producers, A Government member : What about your- 50 years ? Mr VOWLES : Why, I am not yet u0 years old, (Laughter.) It wus pecu liar, ho said, that tho Government was only now becoming alivo td the In-, tcrosts of that section which they had hitherto been treating so harshly, Tho Government, ft appeared to him. was dangling a hunch of carrots bo- fore tho farmors, in order to secure their support at tho next appeal to tho people. Tho Govcrnmont had robbed the farmors In the past. A Government member :. That Is not1 true. Mr BEBlJlNGTON (Country parly) : It Is true. Mr. VOWLES said that tho very basis of tho schema put forward by tho Government had been put before the House by tlio lion, luombcr. who had interjected. , A Government member ; Do vou favour tlio scheme'? Mil YOWLES : I am In favour of tho schome. provided it- Is a liona-fldo scheme. The bill Is simply the win dow dressing of tho Government in Its last session. A Government member : ' Who said it Is the last session ? Mr. VOWLES : I vontufo to say it Is. A Government member You are a bad prophet. Sir. VOWLES sold ho believed tho'ro was a lot,/ of mako-beliovo about this proposal. Tho schcmo was similar to that which hud been under conside ration by tlio Farmers! Unions on tho Downs. The Opposition proposed to assist to put tho schcmo through, to Improve it, and to oslt tho farmers, at tho next election, to return tho party which would put It Into practice. The time allowed under tho now .standing orders for tho commlttco stage had expired boforo Ml-. Vowles I bad Ilnlshed speaking, and progress | was reported, i ADDRESS IN REPLY. j Air. G. POLLOCK (Labour) termed tlio speech delivered by -Mr. Elpliin- stono a "yssuo of generalities." Re ferring to Mr. Elphinstone's remarks about tlio provalencQ of unemployment in Queensland, lio observed that no other State hud dono so much for the unemployed us tho Queensland Gov ern ment hud done. Tlio Government was mu-lntnlnlng a large nuinbor of men who wero romlerod unemployed In oilier States of tlio Commonwealth. Referring to Mr. Elphinstone's attack on the Government for Us conduct of tlio Golden Casket, Mr. Pollock said tlie constituents whom lio represented would rather havo tlio Golden Caskets, operated by tlio Queensland Govern ment, tiiail'tlioy would see Rh aboli tion and TattersaH's uf Tusmnna per mitted to eai-ry en us previously, All-. \V. 11. BARNES tN.j : No ono Is ml vocal Ing tlmt. Mr. POLLOCK pointed out that the hospitals throughout Queensland were being benefited by tho Golden Casket, and. In ids opinion, tlio money was being well and wisely distributed. Under the olrcumslanVies, he Considered tlio pulley of tlio Government was both permissible and Ihtidnble. lie claimed Unit tlio Government had been moro considerate to tlio graziers and farmers of Queensland In the matter of railway freights ami other eonccssions, than tiny other Government In Australia. The Queensland rates were Os. 6d. per head per 190 miles on stock for slaughter, while the figures for tho oilier StaleB wero: 'Now South Wales, ills, lid.; Victoria, 11s. Id.; South Australia, 10s. 9d.; West Australia, 12s. fill.; and South Africa, Ss. 2d. In Queensland, the avorngo rates for sheep for slaughter were Bd. per head per 100 miles, white Iq New South Wales tlio charge was Is. id.; in Vic toria 1h, 1(1.; South Australia, 10d.; West Australia, ls.5 mid South Africa, i Is. 2d. Queensland granted tho lowest freight on alt other agricultural pro- | duce, despite tho fact that In Queens- land they were paying higher wages, giving shorter hours, and had a longer service, than In any other State. |f Mr. MOORE: -And you have the big gest loss. Q COMMUNITY'S SQUEAL. Mr. F. L. NOTT (C.P.) reminded tho % Government of lte expressed Intention, some years ago, of making tho pas- torallsts squeal.. He behoved that they had been very successful tn ihat _ object; in fact, the . Dastoralists wero not alone in their squealing. Tho dairy men would not readily forget tho way I the Government had commandeered their butter at lower priceB than could | be obtained elsewhere, and how tho prlco fixer had fixed a lower price for their produce than that which was rul- " ing overseas. In Introducing the measure . to provide for. the organising of tho » primary industries, ho expressed the view that the Government was ratting | on Its principles. Tho farmors would lie suspicious of the Government's I policy until they saw It being carried into effect Referring to the culture of cotton, Mr. Nott urged tlio Govern- t ment not to extend too widely the cot- . ton growing areas, unless It could first I give the farmers a guarantee that the prlco would be maintained. He con- I stdered that if tho Government on- - daavoured to mako tho railways pay i by Increasing freights, tho amount of traffic would fall off to such a dogroo , that tho loss would .bo. greater than ' ever. "CHASINCF A MYTH." I Mr. J. S. KERR (N.) said .tlio National party was not chasing myths. I They had: something sound on which to build, On tlio other hand, the | Labour party was chasing something which tho community did not want. Queensland to-day was not getting tho sumo return for loan money ex pended us was tho case, in 1914. The £145,000 spent on the reduction of deficits should have boon devoted to tlie reduction of tho public debt. For propa ganda purposes the Government had whittled down Its threo years deficits from £831,933 to, £430,000 by. treasury bills, and tho £145,000 referred to. Under existing conditions unemployment was aggravated by confining workers to specific trades. Tlio right to work was denied to many men through tho neglect of tliff Government to legislate on the lines .laid down in practically every other part or tlio world. ' -Mr. KIRWAN (Labour) : What Is yofir remedy ? Mr. KERR said tho romody -was tlio relaxing- of taxation, and non-lntorfer- enco with private enterprise In tlio prosecution of industries. Thero was no Indication in tho Governor's speech of any Intention on tlio part of tho Gov ernment to attempt to ameliorate tho unfortunate conditions to which he had referred. Mr. F , A. COOPER (Labour) onee more pressed the Government to do something In regard to oponlng tho floors of (he Ipswich railwny workshops to apprentices. IIo Ironically congratu- 'J'0 Opposition upon its apparent solidarity, and with considerable detail, gave what he declared was the history or tho origin of tho Protestant Labour' Council, in Brisbane. vmv'ERH You have given ' your caucus secrets .away and now you are giving away tlio other side. (Op position laughter.) , ?(> COOPER Stated that tho organisation -referred to was neither Protestant nor Labour. .r-rrV.SI?EIi, (Nationalist) described ' . ' Cooper's - speech as most disgraceful. Mr. Cooper had failed to connect the organisation which ho had mentioned- with the 'Opposition. Ho (Mr. Slzer) was pleased to notice tho absence of any manifestations of ap- proval of tho speech from tlia Ministerial bench. Turning to tho Governor's speech, tho speaker said there . was no Xurthdr .con cern on" tho part of tlio Government as to tho .emancipation of the workers, but thero had sprung up instead a new round lovo for tho farmers. He would leave it to the workers to say whothcr or not they had. been emancipated. The arbitration system had not satisfied either employers or employees, nor had tho State enterprises proved satisfac tory. Whllo the Government now was professing to bo tho friend of tho- farmer, last year It Imposed taxation aggregating £400,000 on that class of producer. ' "Mr. W. COOPER (Labour): .That is a deliberate lio. Mr. SIZER. said ono butter factory alo'no lost £3,000 through tlio Interfer ence of tlio State Government. ' Mr. W. COOPER: That is not true. Mr. SIZER hoped tlio farmers would gauge - tho Government's - promises to them by their performances in the workers' interests. Tho Government's professions towards the farmers were meroly a deathbed- repentance. Ho advised the farmers, in tho dying hours of tlie present Government's " existence, to endeavour to rocoijp themselves for somo of the losses which tlioy had suffered at tho hands of those who now professed to be' their friends. Tho Government's agricul tural and industrial policies wero Irre concilable. Mr. A J. JONES (Labour): If there Is industrial cliaos, why not suggest a remedy? . Mr. SIZER considered the solution lay- In round-table conferences of reasonable representatives of. capital and labour. Mr. W. COOPER (Labour) claimed that while the State Government con trolled butter prices tho Queensland producers received the. highest prlco in Australia. - Cotton growers had re ceived £61,000 from' the Government. Tho man on the land was the -lightest taxed of all landowners. Tl;o Govern ment might have liquidated Its deficits by land alienation. "IN BAD HANDS." " Afr. WARREN (Country parly) re garded the omissions from the Govern ment's sessional programme as moro significant tliun the' Inclusions. Ho charged tlio Government with Insin cerity In regard to the mail on the land. Tho fruit growers were prepared to submit to an orchard tax rather than come under a communistic Gov- > ornmont's control.- But It was apparent that tho Government's primary object was to undermine tlio producers' poli tical organisations. Tho scheme, wliich was tho only Item of importance In tho" Governor's speech, was In had hands. An offer of £2,590 had been made as an inducement to the fruit growers to participate. Mr. BEBB1NGTON (Country party) : Bribery! Shame! Shame! The DEPUTY SPEAKER (Mr. Klr- wan) quoted from May . to show that the use of the word "shame" in that way was unparliamentary. Mr. . WARREN, condemning tho gambling evil which ho said was fostered by the Government, expressed astonishment at rellgiouB men sitting behind tlio Government supporting such a system. Mr. BEBBINGTON (Country parly) , asked the Government to explain ths £2,500 offer to which Air. Warren hud referred. Tho Government held out communism In ono hnnd and a private production policy In tho other, No 'doubt it realised that tho greater production there was tlio more thore. would be for tlio communists to tuko over. (Laugh ter.) His (tlio speaker's) plu-ty plnnod its faith to pnvato enterprise under which honest, Industrious, nnd capable workers would have arnplo opportuni ties to evolvo Into, shui-oholdors. Ths Premier hud shown signs of repentance,, but tlio Government still was impeni tent." Ho therefore urged Mr. Theo dore to come over into a more congenial atmosphere. (Laughter.) He quoted from "Hansard" to show that tho Gov ernment was moro concerned .ftbout cheap produce llinn with a living wago for tlio farmer, and also charged it with having made a mistake In appointing a pressman instead of a practical man to the Wheat Hoard. Ho concluded wttti a further challenge to tho Minister for Agriculture to explain tlio £2,569 offor. Mr. FORDE secured tho adjournment of the dobntc. and the House, at 10.30 p.m., rose till Tuesday. Don't add to Iho gloom when troubles loom Amid wlnlor-llmc storms and showers ; There's enough and to spare of cough and care 111 tills little old world of ours. Provido in time for a treacherous climo And Its changes of temperature ; Don't wait, till a cold Is three days old— Talto AVooda' Groat Peppermint Cure." Kdllior: You never lieiinl or n loin gellltig Into Iroulilo li.v t'ollowlng n it'ool exu mine. Jotiiiny t Yei, on, Xlie couutcifcltci-. 