THE WONDERFUL LIFE OF THE EEL. -Marine zoologists have solved at last the ancient riddle of the life history of tie cotoumon eel. Dr. Jobs. Schlmidt, a Danish zoologist, lias now lilled up tlhe blar of the gaps In tile tale, and hero it is. The adult eels-a imale eol is ill oldult at live or six yearo of ige, and a female iat anything fromn live to wtuenty from all the rivers, lakes, and ponds of Europe set out seawards in <autuni a!nd winter, resting by day and travelling by nlglct, especially on moonlt.ss niglta. They probably go about ten miles a night. feachigng the open sea tilhey never return. Ilut we know what becomes of thetm now. Their place of Itonoymoon and nursery is a limited tract of the North Atlattic, about d500 miles south-west of England and 500 miles neorte-ast of the Leeward Islands. There the larvae of the edl are born In spring and early slImmer, alppar ently between 700 and 1000 feet below tihe' surface. As they grow during that first summer they move up towards the surface. Next suinmmer tile onre-year-old infants are found in the centre of the atlantlc, some Impulse .urging them north eastward towards .Europe. The snlllnle." Ifter that they are off the coasts f., Europe. For the ton montha following t.hls third mideummer of their lives the larvae, now developing into elvers, seem to take no food at all. It is a period. of omenl strain, for they lhave to make: their way up the rivers, then up thcir< tributaries, and so-many of them--into' remonte inland pools, and at the same time they have to change their gear, as it were, from that of sea life to that of tllhe fresh water. However, 'the stout crta-i lures manage somehow to live on their fat. By the following April they .arel smaller than they wore, but they have. irrived. To add an extra marvel to this three-! year Odyssey of the baby eel, he comesi fropm a 'breeding area used also by a slightly different species, the American| :el. The larva, of the two species are found together, and are sometimes taken! in the same not. Yet no American tarva, as far as is known, makes for Europe, and no European larva for Ame lica. Dr. Schmidt discovered why, by ollowing both crowds of larvae up. The American kind, he found, completes itsa larval stage in one yrnl-Juist long :nough for it to reach the American coast! bcfore its constitution begins to cry outt or fresh water and fresh water things.' So if it made for Europe it would, at thel end of the first year of the journey, be east away in mid-Atlantic like a wrecked inarincr, with water, water everywhere,' ind not a drop to drink. If, on the other, land, a larva with a European pedigree struck out for America, it would have tow hlati about off the American coast, lil;e a quarantined ship, for two years, until' its organism was qualified to go up a rivcr. Either would perish. One stands amazed and awed at the perfect certi tido of Instinct which propels each kind' of eel, unguided by any accompanying parent, along the proper route of its: *wn pilgrimage. Bur. amlazement growas Iceper, if possible, In presence of the apparent enormity of Nature's exaction' of effort both from the emigrant pIirents and from tile immigrant young. What, ino wonders, can tile physical circumn slances of the world have boon which evolved for thei slugiish-loolkinfg creature' hat we see lying motionless on the mud,' under clear ice. conditions of racial con-' tnuannc SO much more oxorbitant than' fhose imposed even upon migratory birds.! Those who in early youth have stooped to he baseness of laying night-lines for eels: nay remember with some compunction the stony fortitude with which tile hook id eel would wind himself tightly round' the base of the stout water-lily stems to esist the tearing haul of the line. TheyI seed resolution, these ecls.-"Mantchesturi fuardlan." ' 