Romney Marsh Sheep A ? ? HISTORY OF THE BREED. A writer in the Nineteenth Century Magazine discusses the origin- of 'tho Romney Marsh, and picturesquely de sciibes the country that bred the Rom ney. The Romney Marsh through the cen turies ha? not always been sheeplnnd. Tho many wind-mills tell of a time, I not. remote, when grain was grown and 1 milled. Cheeses were paid in dues to Canterbury when this was a dairying district. Broad wheatlands were once tho rule. Through tliis last war some pasture land was made arable again. And traces of the ploughman's work may be seen in fields unbroken for four centuries. In area the Romney Marsh does not exceed twenty square miles. Fringed by low hills, it lies pricked out in leg ot-mutton contours between the Apple dore-New Romney line on the north and tlie confines of Lydd and the shingle burner ef Dungetiess on the south. In actual fact the district is no longer , a marsh. Floods here are now rare; it, is on the lands of the Weald to-day that , waters poured in from the hills alter I heavy rains lie in the swamps. The j -Marsh itself drains easily. The modern; tanner of south Kent fears drought I rather than flood for his present-day | flock of pedigree Romney sheep. j SOIL AND BREED. i liow the four-footed denizens of the marshes became tho modern pedigree Romney Marsh llock is a tale unwritten still. The story of the soil, geology seems tu say, is tho tale of the man and the race. If the argument be elaborated to embrace all launa and tlora, it is not surprising to find in these pastures rich or medium (some times separated by only a ditch or a slight ridge) the element that makes for body in pasture for virility iu breed. The arable lands having become pas ture and grazing lands having become wheatiields as necessity governs, again j would point to the presence in the soil of potentialities not easily dissipated. From these comes the mettle of the ? pasture to be rightly estimated only in the constitution oi the sheep. Har dihood has come in the struggle for existence. THE TWO FLOCKS. Tho term Romney Marsh as applied to sheep is used somewhat loosely over seas, and has a comparatively wide significance iu parts ot England. But in its owu shire uplands sheep are known as Kents, and are distiguished from tho flocks of tho Southern Marsh. The Kent flocks aro ot a model so nearly Romney Marsh that the differ ence is perseoptible at first sight only j to the initiated, who declare that lip lands herbage gives preponderating bone and muscle, while tho Marsh, besides dowering its especial flock with con stitution, and a milder disposition, has conferred a better fleece. The difference between the flocks is mereJy that existing between Tweed ledum and Twecdledee, scoffs the im partial judge from overseas, and ho tells how certain accidents iu the early days have made a distinction easily noted by the men of the district, in flocks ot the one source in the new lands. But the distinction is not permanent, he declares. Seeing that Uplands and Marsh rams aro interchanged ireoly tnere may do point in tus contention that all the Kentish sheep share in the characteristics conferred by the Marsh. DANISH- CROSS. Authorities differ as to the origiu and antiquity of the breed. Some claim that marauding Spaniards who fought in naval battle on harbors now sheeplands brought their own kinibs to market in times of peace, aud car ried olf English sheep alter successful raids, of which thero wero not a few. I Probably the Marsh model helped hi the evolution of the merino; the Span ish sheep again lent their characteristics to the English flock. This is, of course, surmise, but it is an inference that must bo drawn from tho history of the district. Wheth er sheep of those stirring times are the muttons of our own sheep lairs it is quite impossible to decide. How ever, at tho birth of tho now breeding towards the end of tho eighteenth cen tury sheep were thriving on the .Marsh — inelegant creatures, unwieldly and leggy to a degree. If we may judge by pictures, all sheep of tho centuries pre ceding the nineteenth woro weird in outlines. And tho sheep farmer himself earn ed his daily bread with pains in the days when Bake well turned his atten tion to a fine sheep model. THE NEW SCHOOL. j The Romney oven then was recognised j as ono of tho hardiest of sheep, ex- 1 ceedingly adaptablo to weather condi- 1 tions, us was necessary with a beast ; that is grass fed only, and whatever! tho season never filled. The introduc-j tion of a few Leicosters is given as ihej first step in the evolution of the old- j new breed with its progress little less j than miraculous. The group ot en-, thusiasts at Darlington with their im proved Shorthorn, the half-dozen breed ers. in Scotland intent on the Aberdeen Angus, did not throw themselves into tho businoss more wholeheartedly than | did the men of Kent. Farmer Hodgo with his tradition was passing. His days wero numbered, iho sheep- breeder whom Shakespeare never knew was in his boyhood taking honors at school. The successful breeder as Amos Cruickshank showed hi mwas not only a man of muscle; ha knew affairs ; ho developed initiative. He sent his exhibits to Paris showB and listened to French pronouncements, in the last stage of his evolution tho sheep-breeder is an experimental scien tist aud sends his sons to the Uni versity. So when with riging wool prices and tho discovery of cold storage the, colossal overseas trade became the theme of bank precincts, the sheop breodors of Eugluud wero ready with pedigree flocks unrecognisable by farm ers of Jan Ridd's generation. Show goers turned their attention to points nover before noticed in Lincoln and Southdown Leicester and Shropshire, Romney Marsh aud Scotch sheep, atlj gained in fitness aud eliminated waste1 liosh. At first the demand was general and tho agent in England consulted his own interests as to breed chosen. But about the end of tho sixties the Rom ney sheep began to be spoken, of as trie immigrant for new lands. By the eighties it was growing in favor. At tlie beginning of this century New Zea land, Canada and tho States quoted wool prices and show awards wrested by tins most adaptable of flocks from competitors of other breeds. Most mem-; orable was the Buenos Ayres Exposition whicJi with tho unanimity with which it was acclaimed throughout the Ar gentine increased enormousl}- the popu larity of tho Kent sheep. 