800K8 OF THI DAY. A MAN OF THE WORfcD. All anonymous biography, when it hag ability, has also always a touch of mystery. For tlie world is a small place, and it is practically impossible for a man of any social and political eminence to write of his own experiences and yet keep his anonymity. But it can sometimes be done. "Peoples and Places: A Life in Five Con tinents" (Melbourne: Robertson and Mul lens: London: John Murray) is such a book.' The writer has been evidently al ways in a good social position, one of the British administrators in the varied parts-of our Empire, one who has had much experience and has made many friends, one .who has known and mixed with all kinds of "eminent personages," yet he can write -his memoirs and remains undiscovered. He has even tieen in Australia, yet has not been recognised-or at least has not been betrayed. A kindly egotism, and an even more kindly stoicism, runs all through the variety of his book, which is evidently the work of an English gentleman, a man of good official standing, but of not very re markable brain power. The book is, there fore,' more valuable for its gossip and stories than for its ideas or observations. The ma'p at the beginning,. which illus trates the author's (ravels, is merely , an outline map of the world, with a few names filled in (it the Central American part, the Hast African part, and the Malay sian and Australasian part. The hints which should lead to his detection are that he was a Clifton College boy, was glaringly red-headed - his hair afterwards turning suddenly white-and had near relatives of the name of-Bastard: he was also for some time with Lord Nor man by when lie was Governor out in Australia. / - After the usual introductory chapter on his school-life :- he was nnder Percival, who was considered to be the leading head master of his day - he plunges into the London lii'e of clubs and gambling. He tells of the extraordinary amount of cheat ing at the gambling resorts, and of the even more extraordinary skill with which the habitual gamblers can do anything they like with a pack of cards. He then tells of his.cousins, the Rieardos, the Bas tards, and of his relations, the Earl of Fife and Horace Pitt, afterwards Lord Rivers-the handsomest man of the day. He also dwells 011 the great ? beauty of some of the London belles of that time. To Mrs. (Jormvallis West he gives the palm, holding that 110 oiie could ever sur pass her charm; then he mentions Mrs. Langtry and Mrs. Wheeler. He was once with Mi-s. West in a shop in Paris, where she had gone to buy gloves; but the demoi selle behind the counter, gazing at her in rapture, begged to be excused from serv ing her immediately, as she had never seen anyone so beautiful, and must go and call her companions to come and look at her. "So bright, radiant with happiness and loveliness, she was, indeed, a vision, which it was a true privilege to gaze upon." Our fcuthor practised equanimity as a young man. At this lie became quite "ail expert, and much admired iii consequence. Iji the Straits of Gibraltar once a sudden gust-of wind carried Ilia five- guinea Panama liat put to sea; but he went on reading his book, never moving an eyelash, as if no thing had happened. On another occasion, landing at Tangier during a big sea, one wave caught him on the ladder and carried him away; but the next one neatly brought him back, and seated him in the boat, where lie sat,,placid and undisturbed, as if lhat_ were his usual maimer of ? entering a boat. This successful impassivity,, he maintains, he acquired through his gam bling experiences. In the London chapter, where he de scribes shortly all the memorable episodes of his Knglish life before he set out on his travels, lie gives towards the end a curi ous list of what he calls "selected superlatives." He makes a kind of "confession" book in the old style, and tells who were the most agreeable per sonalities he ever met, who was the best in formed man, who had the most subtle sense of humour, who was the greatest master of tact, who the most ex pert in ironical expression, who the most amiable character, who most resembled one of King Arthur's knights, who did the most practical good in the world, who was the best in formed woman,-who wrote the most beau tiful hard, who was the most cour teous mannered. The most careless man he ever met was one who once mislaid a poached egg he was eating. Becoming aware that it had failed to reach his mouth as intended, he glanced furtively round, while conversation continued, at an audience which, of course, feigned ignorance of his concern. "Pcrceiving.it neither on the floor nor 011 his lap, his face brightened, since it seemed certain that he must have swallowed it after all. Thus, free" from embarrassment, and throwing the whole of his attention into the dis cussion, he became more emphatic than before. Meanwhile, the missing egg being perilously balanced on his beard, and as this appendage continued to waggle before me, it was not easy to listen so unmoved as good manners compelled." About 1880 he came to Australia for his health. He received splendid hospitality at Government House and in Australia generally; also the excellence of the ar rangements at race ir,<!etings and the high standard of the art of entertaining as tonished him. Speaking of his Australian experiences, he describes that strange psychological feeling he had more than once-that is, "being afraid to be afraid." It is a frequent experience after all with most men; but few have analysed it as he frankly does. Norfolk Island, which used to be a kind of hell on this earth, is now described as a kind of heaven, second only perhaps to Danish Greenland, where the Eskimos live without any of the evils of the ordinary world. The author then be came secretary to the Governor of Fiji, so he gives a chapter to their islands. Then back to London, and another chapter of London stories. New York came in 1886, and some American stories. In America lie found that his vocabulary needed re vision. "Failing once to get served in a shop where I asked for studs, the shop keeper called me back, saying, 'I guess it is bosom buttons YOU want.''' Carving a chicken he had to offer a guest the clioicc of a "slice from the bosom or a limb." When staving at a country hotel he was told that the ladies hoped lie would "mingle" as Sir, Brown, his predecessor, had frequently "mingled." Tlieu came the Malay Peninsula in 18S8, where he lived for many years, and found much happiness. He found the Malays a charming people though now, alas, they have degenerated into riding in motor-cars, wearing patent leather shoes and spats. The most won-' derful thing in Malaysia is the jungle, the most terrible is the elephant, the most charming is the "Malay himself. Of all the races in the Kast he is nearest to the white man. But it requires patience, un limited patience, to deal with him aright. He lias but little sense of sliame, or of "losing face," being as simple and naif as a child. Law-abiding, but most unthrifty, and very slack in all matters of'law and order and discipline, they are most exas perating to the white man who is over them. They are most sensitive to ridicule or 6arcasni; but quite impervious to angry objurgations. They are too trustful, and full of kindness, so that . they make unsatisfactory police. Gambling is a grave offence in a Malay, ij, is forbidden to a Government official, while to the Chinese -and they abound in Malaysia-it is one of the necessaries of life. Our author's memories of- the life in the Malay Peninsula are more novel and even more interesting than his memories of Lon don. What we call "civilisation" is much the same till the world over, and it forms a good background for a novel. But for the excitement of fact, the experiences of travellers in the world outside "civilisa tion"' are much more interesting and pro lific. The tiger, he tells, us, is a rather Waiy intoal, ataaips^ attadrin^ behind ^ufl^Beiziug the same fipot, viz.;"twe back of tbp.head, 1>ut when met lace to face "can be easily frightened. Not so the panther. There's no limit to their danuK' ? Snakes are numerous, but not, on the whole, very troublesome, eiecpfc in the dark. But the elephant, with his misehjev OUB curiosity, is the most terrible ?.animal in the jungle. However, lie tells a strange story of a roan who went mad through having slept cuddling, up against a tiger, al night t& get protection from tht cold. But our author's endless list of extraordinary incidents is too large ..and varied to quote from with any satisfaction., The curious must read for themselves. His Malays when in London arc almost as cntertaininz as when in their own land. He praises aim ?the Sikh police, although admitting that they are eo essentially military that thej always need the uniform and the discipline, otherwise they get out of hand. The Chinese, however. are the masters of t^»e Kast. In cleverness, in equanimity, in organisation, in the power of looking on all life an a game and of playing it well, in fatalism, in the spirit of gambling with all things in fate and fortune, in utter nn sciupiilousnrss in. all matters of law anu justice atid government, they are without a peer. They tried to bribe the author when a magistrate, to bully him, to boycott him, and then when nothing was of any use they all came up, ehook hands with him, congratulated him on his firmness, and assured him how much they admired and respected hi* administration. And this was a fact for lie had but little trouble after wards wit)) them. They ore very useful. being the pioneers in the,small trade which goes along-with an advancing civilisation. They arc as callous towards the wants 01 other* as thev.are courteous and unscrupu lous and thev have the mfcst extraordinary power of disguising themselves by facial contortion. But the best Chinese story in the book >b the honest confession of the Chinaman as to wjiy they so bated the white man:-"Well, as you insist, this then is the truth. You arc all so ugly that ;t almost hurts eyes to behold you; and, moreover, a white man possesses'such an offensive odour that it needs long training not to show discomfort in his presence. This confession our author believes to have been ouitn true. Java, which is ruled by the- Dutch, is the land of etiquette, of officialism, and of endless red tape. In one ease lie found that there were IS native officials througU whose bands a report had to pass. Never theless the Dutch rule is most wise and successful,.and ;»ioduces general content; and their laws have a combination of brevity and simplicity which are the great desideratum when - dealing with a native peasantry.' AIBO the Dutch rulers succeeded in getting a respect from the .coloured men which was most pleasing to one accustomed to see the white man jostled by the Chinese in Singapore. The life at Christmas Island and at.tlie-Kee ling Cocoa Islands seems to be a most peaceful and highly developed "civilisa tion," thanks to the masterly wisdom and determination of tbc Scotsmen, Mr. An-, drew and Mr. George Cluriie Ross. In every isolated spot in the world one gener ally finds some lonely and determined Scot, who has made himself quite happy in trying to #produce law- and order among some coloured people. The Boss family eeem to be just one more instance of this general law, and our author admired their work very much. Borneo finishes the reminiscences - of the Asian experiences. He then became an African "immigrant,'' and the concluding part of the book is in East Africa and then the West Indies. But Somaliland . was an unspeakable desert after Malaysia. It was all yellow, and he longed for green. The life, too, of the Somalis was a very poor, sordid, stunted thing after the luxuriance of tbe human growt)i among the. islands of South Easier 11 Asia. The travels in South America are not very . interesting. They are monotonous and commonplace. The author seems- to. liavi been a distinguished guest everywhere he went. He writes with much kindliness of all the hospitality lie met,_ But lie notices the strange mixture of squalor and luxury, of savagery and science, in all the South American cities he visited. The author's character and the reception he got everywhere-except, perhaps, iu. Somali land-may be judged from his epigram: "The longer a man lives the more does the whole world seemed peopled with kindly fiouls." That is the note all through the book, even in the last chapter, which dealB with the official and consular life of those who serve the Empire 'in distant* and varied spots. In official life, as in all life, there is much kindliness along with much discourtesy, and much thoroughness and efficiency along with much incompetence and sloth: also much intrigue and wire pulling, along with much straightforward companionship. But on jjie whole the men of the "official" life* arc English gentlemen, and that generally means frankness and truth, and honour and consideration. The author's memoirs' in their thinly veiled incognito, certainly help "the reader to realise the lights and shadows of the con sular. and administrative service. The author is not too able a roan, and the observations are sometimes quite common place! That, however, is an advantage. Great ability bides from us the ordinary life. This writer deals in the ordinary life better than any similar book we know. The two outstanding things about the writer are his extraordinary equanimity and the avowed-kindliness of liis judgment upon all sorts and conditions or men. But per haps, fiftcr all, there are such ra»c quali ties that the author should really be classed among the remarkable men of this last generation. 