Dairying Utensils. Tlio supplying of Dairying Utensils is a most important branch of our business, our turnover in this Jine reaching very big figures. Our utensils have acquired a reputation throughout the length and breadth of the State. The quality is of the best, and the prices are fixed on the lowest scale possible. Evrybodv requiring scale possible. Everybody requiring tion with respect to the treatment of niillc and cream, or the manufacture of cheese and butter, is invited to get into touch with ub. Our cans for tbo convoying of milk and cream, also our special steel milking buckets, and our special milk strainers, aro all made from Danish models, and the quality and workmanship of these goods cannot be surpassed. The strainers are taken to pieces for cleansing purposes. Our milk measures, which are supplied in various sizes from lialf-pipt upwards, bear the Government stamp and enjoy a great sale among metropolitan milk vendors. Sole Agents for the world-famous "AJfa-Laval" Separators, and Hie New Pattern "L-K-G" Milking Machines. WAUGH & JOSEPHSON, Ltd., Sydney. 'Tany strange stories are coming in ot v..;' menace of starving wolves. The latoEt is from South Slavia, where a' largo pack attackod a train, swarmed over the engine and coaclies, and frightened the passengers, who barricaded themselves in and defended their lives with revolvers and rifles. TJio train put. on speed, running over and killing many wolves, and reached A gram spattered with blood and wolves' flesh. Jblfe/r Cta/rtti CWa/rii a* MtjKAicr to ordinary A Meggitt Feed'for every Need. \ Each Food is scientifically pro- | portioned, intelligently and 1 economically mixed; composed | of sweet, pure and wholesome is raw materials; properly fcal- | anced to give maximum results. S I Each good is palatable, highly H digestible, contains an excellent b variety that ensures maximum | production, good health "ard a strength at a* minimum cost | consistent with quality. * | -• Different in Kind but Alike in Qualify, i Write to Department C tpr Instructions how to feed. j I Meggitt's Cattle Pood. | Meggitt's Calf Food. p | Meggitt's Horse Food. | Meggitt's Poultry Food | Meggitt's Cluck Food. !| Meggitt's Pig Food. NOTICE The i .8. "Venatla" arrived in Sydney on 10th January, carrying the second carge of the famous SNOWFLAKE KEROSENE famed throughout New South Wales as the finest Iltumlnant ever said. A reputation of unsurpassed excellence extending over years. Continuity of »opp!y *»*an4. Ask your local Storekeeper or write to Department D, Box 2234 O.P.O., Sydoty TTYflmzawr BOTH wavs Beecham's Pills put you right and keep you right. As a meanft of relief from attacks of indigestion and constipation and as a preventive against such attacks, they are equally valuable and reliable. If you are out-of-sorts as a result of stomach trouble or biliousness you will be speedily restored to health if you take a few doses of this famous medicine. And even when you are well, you can derive benefit from it An occasional dose, will keep your system free from impurities and strengthen your powers Of resistance to disease. In any case, you will be wise to keep a box of Beecham's Pills always oh hand. Beecham's Pills "Worth a Guinea a Box." 'Nuff Said! Tattersall's Hotel, Armldele QjTILL retains the position it IO lias held for years in public opinion. Only the Best of Everything supplied by T.'f,CLUGSTON PROPRIETOR PUBLISHED ANNUALLY. THE London Directory With Provincial & Foreign Seotlon*, enables traders to coipmunioate direct with MANUFACTURERS «.DEALERS in London and in tbe Provincial Towns and Industrial Centres of the United Kingdom and the Continent of Europe. The names, addresses, and other details are classified under more than 2000 trade headings, including EXPORT MERCHANTS. with detailed particulars of the Goods shipped and the Colonial and Foreign Markets supplied; STEAMSHIP lines arranged under the Ports to which (hey sail, and indicating the approximate Sailings. One-inch BUSINESS CARDS of Firms desiring to extend their connections, or Trade Cards of DEALERS SEEKING AGENCIES can be printed at a cost of £1 /10 for each trade heading under which they are inserted. Larger advertisements from £2 to £16. A copy of the directory will be sent by parcel post for £2, nett cash with order. THE LONDON DIRECTORY 00., LTD., SB, Abchurch Lane, London, E.C. 4. England. If your Baby Is tVetful aritt does not; sleep .well * you may, be eijro ft Islrtjialn. Most of baly'i tJoulsIei tre Mused by teething, wind, toliej mdisttlira, diamthea _ and_ Bnnyolher slight ail\x=req-\ tneatfc AH Ettttf-WeflENIEDY FISHERS TEEfHIHG P Q V/D i (MATRICARIA.) Thousands of tnolhcn know fio other. You can try than with confidence, end , Guaranteed not .(a ttmtsin any tout or injurious ingredients.1 Your ■ will recommend them. In (20 powders dxeS 160 n. - Work Wanted. Hundreds of Good Men, a.j.f. & Immigrant Soldiers, await work of any kind; farm & station hands, married couples, carpenters, painters, fitters, motor mechanics, etc. Apply WAEBIOKS' friend campaign, ("Work, Not Charity), q88 fj2b Pitt-stroet, Sydney. tfi m f&V; / il£| M3 V=" tit "After ;:?>3 !*!?©$& ■ Every 3d. Packet of WRIGLEY'S^ famous Chewing Confection contains Six Long-Lasting Bars of Beneficial, Delicious Concentrated Sweetness. WRIGLEY'S is a direct and positive benefit to teeth, appetite and digestion. In FLAVOUR and in SUBSTANCE it is as good and pure as men, machines and money can make it. Try WRIGLEY'S once and you will see why it is the largest . seller in the world—the Chewing Confection that is known all over the world for its quality and flavour. ■WRIGLEY'S is made of the choicest materEfe obtainable in the New WRIGLEY factory in Rosebery, Sydnuy. This magnificent building of five floors, built of steel, concrete and glass, is the most modern factory in the Southern Hemisphere. It is under the supervision of. Inspectors of the Board of Health. Wrapped in waxed paper packets and SEALED to keep all its goodness in and all impurity out On Sate Everywhere or send 3 penny stamps for trial Packet to SSISSLEVS w rlct:;jscs the mouih tcfresheti the throat. ■ W^rlp«fru. Mcnthe. It iacspe-1: dally enjoyable in ihet it soothes the stomach and alleys thirt-t arid f&Vlgue.; hefl the welcome r cf crushed is. live: >• bite is liko a ta&te; of pure fruit Julccc, acllclouely Land Credits Limited. (TO SE THE FARMERS AND MERCH ANTS BANK, LTD). A much-needed Mutual Banking and Financial for She Country District*. Incorporated under Companies Act, 1890-1918. dealing Offlco: 17 CASTLEREAGH-STREET, SYDNEY. DIRECTORS: Roy Hedley Edols, Esq., Bumwaus Station, Forbes. Harry Milton Carter, Egg, Graziery Lcura. ■ Bertram Valentine Bowler, Accountant, ex-Bank Manager. Win, Johnson, Esq., Grarler, Muswell\x=req-\ brook. John Fisher, Englueer, Tenterfleld. 51\. J. Thompson, Esq., Master Bullde?, Redfern, SOLICITORS: Jennings & Jennings, ChaJlls Itouso, Sydney. AUDITOR: Ivo W. Kerr, F.I.C.A., BEc. 17 Castlereagh-Street, Sydney. (15 years' experience as Bank Accountant). DEPOSITORY: Australian Bank of Commerce, Ltd., O'Connell-Street Branch, ■Sydney. SECRETARY; Harry Roach, A.I.A.A., 11 CaEtlereagli-Street, Sydney. Conceived in the Country for the benefit of the Country Districts. INVESTIGATE FULLY theij support your own Banking Institution. Vot fullest particulars apply to Accredited Representative, R. MURRAY R088, Imperial Hotel, Armidalo. i (Signed) H. Roaoli, Secretary. .O^moarefbr ■^our mosse^ Aunt Mary's Baking Powder contains 40 per cent wore leavening value than most Baking Powders. It is made with pure cream of tartar, the healthful product of the grape. It goes much farther than cheaper trends, and gives incomparably belter result?. Costs a little more worth a lot more. 