News in Brief A demonstration was given recently in England of the newest aeroplane eng ine, the British Napier "Cup." 1000 horse power, «ui its test bench at the works. The 16-cvlinder monster, at nearly 2,000 revolutions per minute, developed its iuv dicated horse power with case. The eng- iuc, which weighs 2,200-!b., delivers the same horse power as a railway engine weighing 147,84 (lib. It is going to th« lWyul Air Force, and will be mounted on a super-bomber. A draft of 1,000 merino rams from the Bungaree and Fartacoona studs, in South Australia, aro being travelled overland to Warenda Station, Queensland. it is ex pected that the journey- overland will take three to four months. Three years ago a consignment of 700 merino rams travelied overland without mishap. The Ohio "Farmer" claims that the largest yield of wheat ever recorded -was 117 bushels per acre, which was produced in 1895, in Island country, Washington, on an 18-acre field. At Itothamst'ed Sta tion, in England, the average yield for a period of GO years is stated at 36 bushels per acre. This is the result of an annual application of a fertiliser containing nitro gen, phosphoric acid and potash. . It is computed that the pig population of the world is 162,000,000, of which some 60,000,000 are to be found in tile- United States of America; but. the number pro duced per 1,000 of population is far and away the greatest in Denmark. ..Nearly all of the 'Danish produce is sent to Great Britain. In the Fair Rents Court, Sydney, on April 22. a landlord was fined ' £5. for having refused to let a woinf.n ft house, on the ground that she had "too many children." « Mr- Albert Edward Langford, an Aus tralian mineowner, was crushed to death between a motor-car and a tramcar on April 21. Mr. Langford was on his way from London to Melbourne, accompanied,, by Mr. P. J. Deelyi his" partner 'He was unfamiliar with the traffic signals, and was instantly killed in trying "to cross a busy street in New York'.' Major Outram, an Australian, who had been farming and hunting in Africa for several years, has been fatally mauled by a lion, near Mombassa, in British East Africa. « » According to official directions, the Gov crunient reward for the conviction of the murderer of Alma Tiitschke- will be "ap portioned by- the Police Department. No definite steps have been taken to date, hut it is understood that action will be taken this week. Several witnesses for the Crown will participate in the reward. » Reports from the Wvndbam Meat Works indicate that operations are pro ceeding smoothly, and the average kill is approximately 200 cattle daily. » The regulations prohibiting the use of open laced and window faced envelopes throughout the Commonwealth postal service, came into force On May 1. In a lane off Barrack-street. Perth, on Tuesday night, was found the dead body of a young man, the cause of death being a wound from a broken bottle. Deceased, who had been carrying a bottle under bis coat, fell, and thus caused the wound. » » A world's record has been established by the Cunard liner Mauretauia in hei recent trip from New York to Southamp ton. during which she maintained an average speed of 251 knots, the greatest speed reached being 27i knots per hour. The United States Supreme Court has ruled that the Californian Alien Land Law is unconstitutional in regard the clause forbidding aliens to act as guard ians of agricultural lands for their Ameri can born children. » "the Italian Government, in consequence of immigration restrictions imposed by American and Canada, is seeking to find an outlet for its surplus population in the Commonwealth, and representatives have interviewed Sir Joseph Cook for infor mation as to whether such would be ac cepted by Australian authorities. Flying men. Professor Thomson (Brit ain) says, have been able substantially to assist iu the correction of facts about bird flight. For many years it was be- leived that migrants travelled at incredi ble heights— 10,000 feet above the earth and sea. But when buds have been re leased from flying machines at such a height they have been overpoweded by the cold and the conditions of the atmos phere. The highest flying birds, cranes and geese, usually travel at about 3000 feet, a lid the highest bird ever noticed in the air — a skylark — was about 6000 feet up. | Rebel forces in Ireland have lx:cii raid ing banks iu the southern u iv.hk, and the loss of over j£60,000 in cash lins In-eu re ported to the authorities. » » 'Bishop Listen, Roman Catholic liiHliop of Auckland, N.2., has been committed for trial oil a charge of having made seditious uttrnnccs at a public meeting oil Sfi Patrick's Day, hail being allowed. » » Three fresh cases of Bubonic Plague have been re j sir ted in .Sydney, bringing tile total ujj to 27. of which seven have died. During last week two cases of severe burns to children through playing with matches, occurred iu the Eastern (States; one, a boy of eight years, and the other -a girl of three years, both children hav ing to be removed to hospital for treat ment. « The Sydney City Council has decided to apply for a Royal Commission to in quire into the charges of corruption and maladministration in regard to its affairs, which was refused by the ex-Premier, Mr. Dooley. The New Zealand loan for £5,000,000, was over subscribed in London by 100 per cent., and the flotation is regarded as the most successful of recent years. » In the Sydney Bankruptcy Court, a Wagga cattle dealer related how the col lapse in the beef market had led to his insolvency. He bought cattle in Queens land at £7/3/- per head, and after droving the -mob for six weeks to Wagga, had to sell them at under £4 per head. » » Whilst playing with two other boys of about the same age near the cliffs of Scarborough, V., the seven-year-old son of the local sergeant of police, fell a dis tance of 170 feet to the l-ocks below. His playmates climbed down, and hid the in jured child in an empty boat-shed, where he remained for some hours before being -missed bv his parents. He was found to be in k" frightful" condition , being practi cally -disembowled, and died before med ical aid could be procured. The South Australian Voluntary Pool has announced that it will pay a dividend of 1/6 per bushel during this mouth. The South African Government has an nounced its determination to adhere to its decision that a general eight-hour dav and a forty-eight hour week was impos sible in relation to the railway service. » » The return of the State Government Statistician giving the yield of wheat in Victoria for the season just closed, shows thai the production was 4-3.867,596 bushels or 4,398,971 bushels larger than for 1920- 21\. The average yield per acre was 16.80 bushels, as against 17.90 bushels in 1920-21 season. The directors of the Warrambool Wool- leii Mill Co., Ltd., Victoria, report that large consignments of worsted plant, purchased in 1920, are now arriving at the mill, and substantial pi-ogress is be ing made with the erection of the various machines ill the spacious buildings recent- Ir completed. The directors anticipate that the plant will lie set in motion short- !y. By 41 votes to 32 the New South Wales Assembly has passed a Bill to reduce Parliamentary salaries from £875 to £600 Ministers salaries were reduced by £2000 in the aggregate. The New South Wales Government has decided to dispose of Crown Lands bv auction. which means a reversion to the Nationalist's policy of freehold and the right of conversion of leasehold. The Caulfield (V.), City Council Health Inspector reported recently that he had discovered a building, originally erected as a stable, in use as a self- contained flat The Western Australian Government has selected as a site for the extension of accommodation for the insane, a 2,500 acre estate at Jaudakot, which was pur chased some years ago in connection with the Jandakot drainage works. It is not intended to carry out any immediate building operations, but the land is to be cleared and otherwise prepared for the erection of a mental reception home. Phenononal rains are reported to have fallen throughout South Australia, rang ing from ail inch at Hawker, to more than two inches in the north. » » The Minister for Railways, Mr. Scad- dan, speaking in reference to the new electric plant for the Perth power house and tranmways, valued at 1 IS. 000 slated that (he Commonwealth has remit ted the duty on the machinery, which meaus a saving of ,£-32,575. 