AMERICA'S BARRED DOOR. AUSTRALIAN'S STORY CF ILL-TREATMENT. A graphic description of the treat ment of persons desiring to land in America/ hut detained by the authori ties because tho quota of arrivals from their country for the month was full, tsf given, in a letter received by rela tives from Mr. R. V. Reynolds, whose father, Mr. H, Reynolds, was formerly station-master at Yackandandah (Vic.) and whose mother was the daughter of the late Rev. John Westacott (says Melho'urne "Argus"). Having been accepted' as a student at the Moody Bible Institute, Chicago, with the object of becoming a mis sionary in Africa, Mr. R. V. Reynolds, a young man, had his- papers approved by the shipping company at Southamp ton and his passport vised by the American Consul in London. His papers being in order, he was given to understand that no trouble need he 'expected when lie arrived at New York. When lie reached there, how ever, he was told that the Australian quota was full. In the following let ter to his mother, he set out his ex periences at the hands of the Ameri can immigration authorities: — "I wrote a letter to you when ncav- Ing New York harbor the might before last. Well, we were alongside the pier yesterday morning (May 10) after breakfast, but it took, several hours before people could get their landing tickets filled up. The immigration aiithorities have detained me at Ellis Island, because the Australian quota is full. They brought me across here yesUrday, ln.ncli time. After passing through a large ball, they pinned a big blue ticket on my coat, with mv name. Olympic, and date, then sent me to another room, where about 90 people or so were a',1 huddled together. After being locked in this room (windows barred) for about two hours or 10 wp were all sent downstairs to a i.ig hal; for tea. Oh, it just about lii'uie ma sick. Blacks, browns, yellows, and whites of all nationalities were mixed mi Tho rural consisted' of dry bread some 'high' polony, and' brown beano, with two mugs of tea. 1 paid half a dollar for a piece of steak (a special privilege given to me). Then we were all sent back to the small room above. It was awful. "I counted about S7 persons, all in one small room. After another vva.l for an. hour or so we were sent in.t'. a big lrall, and a picture was shown. Then about 40 other men and myscif were put into a little room tj sleep I did not nave any pyjamas er any thing, so just went to sleep dvesi' a They gave each person three hlanke.s. which I think could have just about walked away, for I was scratching myself all over. "What a nigliti In- the morning I vVashed and wined my self on a piece of paper. I have been waiting all the morning for my turn to go before the authorities, hut so far I cannot say when I will he let out It is far from pleasant being locked ;n hero — —doors and windows bailed And the ircny of it is that just :: little way, out is the great statue cf 'Liberty' looking at us. "A lot of liberty in this country, it strikes me. What a difference _ be tween Southampton and New, York. Americans can laud, at Soutlianrp.o.. as easily as anything/and go away up to London by special train. Here in Now) York we get treated like so many dogs. Ks-pt four or five hours at the docks, then goodness knows how long at Ellis Island, before we know whe ther we are to he allowed to ian< or not." When this letter was received in London, Mrs. Reynolds called cn the American consul, and asked if i: ware true that the conditions described ac tually existed. She pointed out tha-- her son had actually been accepted as a student by the Chicago 'College, and that his payers were all in order. The consul admitted that untortu- nately the conditions described did exist. He was asked why people ware allowed to book passages if they were not to be allowed to land, and he re plied that everyone must take a risk. If the quota for their country was full, then they must conform to the Ameri can laws, and either go to Ellis Island, irrespective of color or social stand ing, or return by the same steamer. The office cf the High Commissioner of Australia was next visited, bur Mrs ry — ....i.y «,r.n ;«f orl llio the tiifi.f- nuyuuius was i.uwum.u ler had been a source of woriy to i.heni for some time. Several com munications had been sent to the Ame ricans with regard to it, hut with very little result. In one case it was stated a Miss Watkins had to sleep in a sni'all room with 20 black women, and had also liad filthy blankets issued to her. After having waited for eight days, Mr. Reynolds was allowed to land. His relatives are of the opinion that the matter should be taken up by the Federal Ministry ill an. endeavor to have the Australian monthly quota increased and tho conditions at Ellis Island improved. Some Danish, scientists have recently discovered 'the body of an ancient Viking in full armour embed ded in the ice on the East coast of Greenland. The skin was white and fresh, and the hair and long mous tache a vigorous red, and ithe whole man, .-with his great-winged helmet, looked as though he had' died yester day. iThe body is being transferred to Copenhagen, where every effort is to be tmade by sieience to continue tho wonderful preservative work of the ice. t w The .White Star liner .Majestic, 56.- 000 tons.- the largtlst steamer in the world, for her supply of eggs requires the entire produce of a poultry farm with 10,000 head of good laying stock, her consumption for a round trip being SO, 000, and for the year it reaches the enormous total of 1,400.000 This one item of the Majec tic's colos sal stores vjould provide direct em ployment for 100 persons over and above the Indirect work entailed in handling and carrying, 