PERSONAL Lord add Lady Forster left Mel bourne this morning by car on a visit to tho O'Shannassy watershed and the Maroondah , water supply works at Healesville. Their Excellencies will return to Government Houso tomorrow evening. , Lord Allenby, tho High Commissioner, for Egypt who has visited London to confer with Mr Lloyd George, the re sult being that an agreement was ar rived at on Egyptian policy, has left for Cairo. Messrs J, L. Stein, at North Mel bourne, nnd C. W. Letloy, of Parkvllle, liavo beon elected justices of the peace for the Central Bailiwick. Mr. J. L. Stein, J.P., took his seat for the first time on the North Melbourne bopch today. Mr Ove Lunn, the new Consul-Gene ral of Denmark for Australia and N.Z., who has arrived In Sydney liy the UU- maroa, denies the rumor that he la visit ing Australia on a special mission — to . inquire whether Danish settlers would 1 be suitablo immigrants. Mr Lawson, the Premier, will leave for his home at Castlemalne this ovehlng, and will not return until Monday. In company with Major Balrd, Chief Secretary, hfe la visiting the Public Library this afternoon, at the invitation of the trustees. Dr. Harrington C. Lees, Anglican Archbishop of Melbourne, made an > official visit to Geelong today, and Was entertained by the Geelong Clergy i at luncheon! Mrs Lees was the guest of tho wives of the clergy. This after- ! noon the Archbishop was accorded a i civic reception. The Public Works Deportment notl- \- fled the Coburg Council last night of the appointment of Mr J. G. Davis as . continuous auditor to the town of Co burg. It was mentioned by Mr W. . Mitchell, town clerk, that the continu ous audit would cost £10 more than fnrmprlv TVia onnnfill wac nf tVin ftnln— ion that the increased cost of the audit, amounting In all to £70, would be money well spent. . The Anglican Archbishop of Mel bourne and Mrs Lees will pay their first visit to the Sassafras-Ollnda dis trict on Saturday. Dr. Lees will dedi cate All Souls' Church at South Sassa fras, and the church people of the dis trict will welcome htm at a Corporate Holy Communion. In 'the afternoon the Archbishop will open a fete at South Sosaofras. 