General News I In order to raise funds to liquidate his hoavy fclcbte, Arbuokleiis psking to be allowed to return to tho pictures. ? ? « Early next session the Government proposes to introduoo a Bill for the registration of nurses and midwives. » ? ? The War Office has given a con tract for frozen beef .supplies for all tho troops in England for six months to an Australian firm. ? ? * Mr Cocks informed a deputation that tho Government was already committed to the extent of £250,000 f,n providing work for the unemployed, ? ? ? 0 Rev, Hammond is being 6ent by the Australian Prohibition Cpuncil on a visit of inquiry to various countries, in order that the effects of prohibition may be noted. Dr Kapp, who was the leader of tho short-lived German revolution pf 1920, has died «ui the result of an eye complaint at Leipsig, where he was awaiting trial. ? ? ? Messrs. Reid and Mason, licensed surveyors, of Sydney, have now open ed an offlce In Church-street, Bega, with Mr .Webb, licensed surveyor, in charge. Surveys carried out at short *«t notioo ? ? ? Tho health officer at Cliristchurch, New Zealand, thinks that tho cause of tho recent death of a man from anthrax is traceable to a Japanese shaving brush, no advises aU own ors of Japanese brushes to burn them. * ? 0 Parkes has put. its namo on the sporting map in flno style and in big letters Last week end that town 60nt a team of 21 riflemen, 24 tennis players, 22 bowlers, 32 footballers, and 1$ golfors to caompote against Orango. But it is a bit behind Bega yet, as it has no quoit players. Nearly every child in Bathurst has an account at tho local State Savings Bank, where the list of clients totals 7500\. Tho manager of the bank, Mr R. S. Frasor, lias attained his am liition to roach £500,000 in deposits. !Thls aggregation of savings is extra ordinary for a community tho size of Bathurat It represents between £40 and £i-0 a head of the population, ? ? * Tho Mount Everest Expedition has roached a height of 2G.800 feet, with in 2200ft of tho summit. Tin's is a world's rocord, beating by 2200ft the Duke of Abruzzi's achievement on Mount Godwin Austen, in the Hima layas, in 1909. The jKirty is pushing on undor favorablo conditions. Three inombcrs were disabled by frost-bite, but aro recovering. ? ? ? To havo an arm broken or a. wrist sprained whilst cranking a car is ?not an uncommon occurroncc, yet one very seldom hears of a man being { knocked out and losing several teeth i in this way. But such was tho ex- I poricnec of Lieut. Pat. Bolger at Young recently. Ho received a tcr- , rifle blow on the mouth when the onginc back- fired, and after seeing a dentist, and getting loose teeth re moved, he had to go to bed. ? ? ? Tho President of the British Board of Trado. confirms the report that, preliminary discussions aro going on i between the British Dycstuffs Cor juration and the principal dyemakers in Gorraany with tho view of arriv- I ing at a working arrangomcnt re garding production, distribution and prices .The 'Times' points out that tho attempt to establish tho dyo in dustry in England was unsuccessful, and England is still dependent on Germany. ? ?? * A man who considored that the steerage was good enough Tor his wifo, while he himself travelled first class recently arrived at New York in tho Danish steamer Estonia. He was Moses Melomod, a pjtizen of Dan zig, and when ho showed his passport, describing him as 'accompanied by his wifo,' the immigration officials wanted to see her 'Oh, she's in tlie steerage,' ho replied. TTie olficiolo expressing surprise at this concep tion of tho relationship of tho sexes, Melomod explained that he, as a learned man of high intellectual at tainments, consittered different sur roundings were neoeseary for him com pared with his wife, who was not so gifted. The couple . wore taken- to Ellis Island, pending an inqukiry as to tho desirability of dcporti/ig them as undesirable aliens. 0 0 0 At the Albuiy Police Court Messrs Mates, Ltd., the Albury Gas Co., and Mott and Co. pleaded guilty to issu ing rocoipta unstamped, but endorsed 'by duly stamped cheque.' In fining the defendants £2 and oosts, tho Police Magistrate said ho agreed with the contention of defendants' solicitor that receipts similar to those issued by defendants were hcing issued by practically all tho leading firms in Sydney, and in view of that it Boem ed a -peculiar thing that the depart ment should come all the way to lAlbury to launch* prosecutions, instead of initiating them near tho centre of administration. He woufd liko to mention also that ho thought that if people were liable for not stamp ing a receipt in the form stated, they must be equally liable for not issuing a proper reoeipt. Ho oould not un derstand the position at all. How ever, the parties had pleaded guilty, pnd he proposed to impose a minimum fine. ? * ? For Influenza Golds take Woods' Great Peppermint Qure. 