SOME FEATURES THIS ISSUE: \- " ii... a:Q" •• HECKLED HDGHES-flyenas and Dingoes. • DOING THE SAME-As Other Women Did. BOlf MAD FLAPPE8--Yomg Giri's Si# freer. PUNCTURED ROMAHSE-And Seme Ofler Iteas. MAN WHO CHANGED-After Wife Had a l % A BEACH PEST-Stopped for a Me. Pretty 'well any girl can make a proper fool of a. man. But -ii takes a wise virgin to make a proper man out of a.fool. « • A wife can be bought In Turkey nowadays for three half-crowns. Seems a bargain. ' But-it isn't always the first cost that counts. ; * o * At a recent seance Conan - Doyle "felt his arm pulled , by a spirit." , Musta thought it wa s his leg, the sporok surely; . ; • • * * Politicians often si£ and think of nothing. To avoid brain-fag, like. But more often they stand up and talk about nothing. » « * ; "Australia tooasis of 14 Houses of Parliament," scoffs • a. (pommy print- Nonsense! Does anyone ever tooast of having toolls? j * . • * "Late scratching evil. Is there a. re-, I medy"? Too right! "Chat" -yourself ' before retiring.,. And make the missus do the same, tool - » « * ' "Girls, were virtuous ih <Che early days," sighs an old-timer. Likely enough. They . are -now,-too. It's tile Sate nights that trip 'em up. [ * * » "I couldn't be happy 'away from my husband," declares Danish film star Alma' Hinding. What queer people Danes must be, to be sure. Especially the women. Ir may be, of course, that she is not game to trust him by himself. • • • ' • • • • » ' " | -There is not a virtuous woman in the whole book,' 'say's a reviewer, "but the indecencies are straightforward, and the pages are full of brimming interest." Sure to be* Those "best sellers" usually are. » * • A writer In the "West" details some uses to which hollow trees can be put, but shows in imperfect knowledge. He omits, for instance, how handy a hollow tree is to "smoodgy" couples on a windy evening, or when It is raining ten spots to the acre. Or, perhaps, he did not want to give himself away - to the "missus" regarding his .youthful days. _ * * * ' Kaiser Bill is stated to have . dis- ' played strategy in misleading pressmen and photographers in connection with his wedding. Rather late in the day for him to play the strategist when it is remembered where his previous atempts led-his country and former subjects. But what does it matter Even an old man must be allowed some toys to play with. Bonar Law states that the policy of his Government will be one of going slowly. What do you think of that? A deliberate declaration to "go slow on the job." An LW/W. Government in Ole Dingland. Worse than a Labor Government in Australia which, of course, is always alleged to be going too fast. If that is what they are going to dc> ih England we had better stop the "flow of immigrants" right away. ; | « • * In a recent article we showed that the be!?t results are not being obtained ; for the labor expended by many farmers. Minister Maley, dealing with < i this season's yield, emphasises the need for good farming. He says: "The Reason has been one which has demonstrated clearly the value of good arming. In every district, almost ithout exception, the crops sown on allow land will yield well and should verage 12 bushels to the. acre." That s, what is required is more tilling and ess tickling of the soil. • r e m A Perth woman, it is stated, keeps ilk worms. -She lives next door to a opular Perth club. There was a end-e£ to a member, and when the rowd sang "God save the King" the orms "lifted their heads and moved hem gently from side to side in reponse to the rhythm of music." If he singing was of the kind it generlly is at the conclusion of a club end-off it is nothing wonderful. It s usually of the sort that makes staid itizens and pained wowsers wag heir heads disapprovingly. IIow about rying a hymn on the worms to see if hey will al tempt to knec-I? & Xi B Election time does make a wonderul difference. For a long time the .A people have hardly heard of Sentor de Largic. but now lit; is full of nergy. He wires to Billy Hughes: Tf the so-called Empire Exhibition is c bo of any benefit to this country, we ust enter an emphatic protest gainst the farcical action of going to oreign coun-ifios for fruits and timers. whilst ;i slut exists in both comodities in Western Australia." And ome more like that. The "so-called mpire Exhibition" is it? What has he Loyalty League to say about it? s it loyal to refer to anything in the mpire in. such a contemptuous style? I W ' ? T A P H B A ' M I H A I B S A F "Caught," says Ambassador OBoaSh* is one of the worst words in the rewginfo : language. As an example he addet "A . girl would follow the lure ef dance : halls. Some strange hand wonlA be put ground her; same strange seiasation seize her." Before she knew it. Cho good, pure( clean girl was 'caughtS," But It isn't necessary to go .to danOR* halls" for that experience. It mig&£ even happen to a Sapper Who goes t» Trinity Church. , / * f. . . The Prime Minister went to BehdSffi to support Mr, Hurry, quite appropriately named to be. a supporter of . Billy, iyid Billy's . re-appearance '"did not lead to the hostile demonstration expected." Then, - blandly and xuqjocently, adds the report, '^Precautions had been taken by c the police to prevent any recurrence-of the scene witnessed at Horsham."' Gan't beat olir .little Billy at malting- certain" of enthusiastic welcomes, etc. . * • »- Federal Treasurer 3rute is quite horrified at "the., suggestion that Billy Hughes should be "thrown out." If he is thrown out, Mr. Bruce sa^ys, "it will be an end to Nationalism." But it isn't easy to throw Billy out. He darts from seat to seat vrttli such rapidity that the would-be throwers out have not a . chance to catch up with him; What a poor "old thing Nationalist must be if no one except "W. SL. Hit* ghes can keep it toigotheE, A WOMAN'S WJT. Now comes the joyous time of -year When comely Eve, of dress Hi nil ft ful, * , . Win in such scanty garb -appear That really, it at times, is painful . To watch how aged and tootbiesl blokes To futile passion she provokes, I knew an Eve, demure "and fair, A shapely damsel, small tiieaM der, - With rippling waves of sunny hair And eyes seductive* .soft, and tea* der; Built, briefly, just upon the plan To captivate ami hold a'man." * She was, of course^ a Surfing she. Transformed from Sallie .into Sadhfc But still she was—as all could see, " A strictly proper little lady; One boy she had—she 'filled his ££% Who wanted her to be his wife, But Sadie's boy, I grieve to state, . - Possessed a stern and wowser pax ent, Who vowed his son should never maU With any girl whose morals weren't Above reproach: -and—as you'll gnesat With morals he included dress. . The lovers pleaded,-but in vain, For who—to parents" old' and "stupid Can conscientiously explain The secret havoc wrought by Cupidt But woman's wit a scheme evolved. By which the problem might be soIvm ed. 'Twas Sadies' plan. "Leave him to me" • She urged her fond despairing lov«v "And perhaps to change his stern decree, The ways and means I might die* cover; For, oh! It's hard," she said, and sob* bed, "Of happiness to iius be robbed." The plan was simple. Sadie thought. A smoodging stunt of her devising. Would, once that parent stem ' sb4 caught, Be adequately compromising; ith deft additions she'd invent To wring from him his grudged COT-! sent. . . . . , \- - hen Sadie swiftly got to work Upon the stern unyielding parent, nd. though an elder of the kirk, And wealthy, too, his morale werei£4 c rigid that she couldn't teach im nature- studies oa the beach. y purest raotivess this inspired. The girl endured his senile wooing; nd, clad in fetching bathers, fired His ardor to It's pxra undoing; .Vliile he—so strange is Loves demands, used darkly over monkey glands. saw them, as the plot progressed. Once on the beach: a corner shady eld both—she in her bathers dressed, And hi* .with eyes for ftone but Sadie* nd, 3S I watched them for a* bit, . marvelled ut her woman's wit. *'-' ut, later on, I marvelled more, When, asking how the plot had \- ended. weet Sadie's lover.cursed and swots, And laughing horribly said, did! huge scccess," he acreameil^ ha! or Sadie's now my step-mamma." SHATJU. , j 