STATE ELECTIONS Mr. L. 0. WTIN'S POLICY At the tlnie of Air. .Martin's visit to ? Gloucester \vc save but a brief .outline of | Ills address. Wo here give a more ex tensive report 'of I lis policy: — Mr. Martin, on rising to speak, was most cordially received. He said : I stand be foro tin? electors ot uxley as u candidate for their votes, ami i propose to first or all examine ilu: Government's mruin policy, and the issues or the elccllon as round in their programme. Then X want to con sider cite industrial' position as It more directly affects the country dis tricts. I will then discuss the finaiictal position, which Is largely wrapped up in Industrial matters ; then t want to go into certain constitutional questions of vital importance to every one of us. THE PARTIES. It Is a matter for regret, seeing the far reaching importance of the Issues In volved In this contest, that we have not ! been able to face it here In OxJey wltn three on each side and fight it out man to man. The issue Is really Joined with tbo Labor party on one sJiie, a»d those j opposed to the present policy . or that Party on the other. These comprise all those clo.j.cnts or the State which stand for freedom and reject tho socialism or the present Labor Party and Its commun istic policy as well. In the new Parliament all .Members opposed to I.nbor must unite to eject the present Government rrom ofllce, and having done so it will be theJr duty to make proper arrangements to form a -new Government which will nd u.lnlster the affairs of the counry so that the Interests of all sections of the people will bo conserved. We must not undfr rate the present Labor Party. It will pro fit us nothing to attempt to bolltilo the members of that po»*y — too much of that kind of thing bas been done on both sides already, it is better to face the situa tion rranbly, and having realised what is before us, to take *ijch measures ?*- may seem best to sare guard our.miei-ests. The situation is a very serious one Tor u» in the country. All -ve possess Is at stake, and each and every one of us must bestir himself now as we never did bertm? or we may rlna that the hour of effective re sistance has passed^ and too late to deplore what might have been. The Labor Party stnds compact, well organised, euiliuslas tic and aggressive. In its ranxs are iti.-auy men full ftr energy ,and ambition. To them we must oppose the best we have and :/.-ei»t them with more unity, more or ganisation and more enthusiasm. No use saying that we can't, we must and we THE GOVERNMENT POLICY. It 1b quite evident that tho chosen cry or Labor In this election will be tho Hasic Wage and Hie Motherhood endowment Many, other promise* of a vote catching nature there will also be. as the Pr^Uer's spovch amply shows, but all these should be prefaced with these words, 'subject to the money being available.' There is for instance the Bispa railway, which we all want, and which would mean a great deal to us hero ; but nothing has been done even In the shape of a trial survey. I think It was Mr. Dooley himself who suggested when he was here In 19i?0 that a properly built motor traction road would meet the immediate want* nf th;' district. Yet not onlv has no effort been made to provide that road but fhe whittling' down of the grants to tho Shire has made , the proper maintenance, or the ex'stlug I road Impossible when reasonable assistance [would have made rapid development or the ! Bulga possible, and enabled tho groat wealth In tfmber or (hat plateau, as well as the wealth derived from -dairying, and kindred industries to be turned to ac count and paved the way for tho railway which some day mast be built. Had roads arc the curse of the country — the Shire revenues are atl Inadequate to Keep them In order atid the Government paves them with promises and cuts «own the Shir grant. THE BASIC WAGE. ? Mr. Doolcy says that the vital question at the election Js wheiheP the people will entrust themselves to a Labor Government which stands for 'tliti maintenance of a wage which will ensure a reasonablo stan dard of comfort for the woricer and ids family, or to an ontl- Labor Government of his opponents, standing for reduced wages and longer hours. And he goes on to say that his Government will, ir re turned ,U» power, legislate to maintain a basic wage for this year at £4/5/ per week. Now, no reasonable public man or any fair minded person tlesires to reduce wages at all. either this year or next, If It can bo avoided — I certainly do not ; and thero Is no party now before the people which advocates a reduction of wages to a limit that would not ensure a 'reasonable standard of comfort for the worker and Ills family.' That Is exactly what former Governments advocated and established the board of Trade to prvvlde. It is therefore merely throwing duat in the eyes of the Government to take credit cor a principle which it did not originate, but merely Inherited frosis Its predecessors. s The uoar(i or Trade Is a body chargcd by law with the duty or enquiring from tunc to time Into the question of a living wage, which, having regard to the cost of necessary commodities at the time pre vailing, would be* sufficient to keep the wage earner «and Ills family In reasonable com fort. it was the board or Trado and not the Government which rixed the living wage at £4/5/. it is true that last October :hat the same board, after due Inquiry, found that the cost or living had rallen so much that tire Basic Wage should bo £4/2/. Tiie Hoard of Trade Is a body £-:t which the three parties interested tiro jcprcstwcd.. the Workers, the employers nnd the public (tho consumers), it Is In dependent and free rra» political pres sure. it conducts Its enquiries with tho 1 eenest regara to the Interests or the workers and It has power to revls© Its t.oclalons rrom time to time. Surely such a body la better abio to holdthcbalance rnlrly nnd decide what is right, than a Government anil political party — which looks to one section of the people only, end preaches a doctrine of class hatred and class consciousness, i leave this matter for tho moment, but -will come back to it ngoln In dealing with tho industrial posi tion when I will show with what cyni cal Indifference the country interests are treated by the Government, and only here observe that If tho Government. and I.abOp Party, are to bo the tribunal for I rxlng wages without enquiry why not make tho basic wage £5/4/ instead of £4/5/. It I Is so caSy to make promises when you put | tho responsibility of fulfilling them on j some one else. MOTHERHOOD ENDOWMENT. , No generous hearte^ person, sticn as wo all wish' to be, can fee with Indifference tiio struggle that at times goes on In some households where a wage erfrncr is ab sent, or not able, for some cause or other, to rtrovlde properly for his orrsprlng. in sticD cases .the State already does do some thing in the way of relief, but not nearly i enough : and i bellova that In all such i Cf»ses (no mattec-from what causes the dis ability arises) the community can welKaf i ford to h?lp more generously than now I Ihe struggling family in order that the f children ?jn-v rtow up strong helpful Aus tralian children, such ns^ve c(- fr*eitly need in this land of oijrs. But to make a ; general dole, as Is now proposed, would In mv Judgment, onlv result In pauperising our peoole and would create greater evils We all know that mo«t parents !ov-* their children and reallv Hvo for them, nnd that to promote their welfare nttd happiness Is ! ll'e object of their lives. Every man worth the nnme knows the responsibility he takes ?on hlnifolf in f°nrrv!mr, .'vl does not Vim to chirk tho JVHI -0H«mmtv or hand ft over to the State. Family lire Is thojmls of the organisation or our n^t'on. nnd the lovo or children a*tq the wllllntrncs* {o provide for them at one's own cost Is a great and abiding feature in our family life. If we undetvnino the foundation nf that life by anv such vote ratchlnir insid ious dolo as that proposed, we may rind that wo have destroyed what wo Intended ? t q protcct, f THE INDUSTRIAL POSITION. No one can be satisfied with our Indus trial position. Wo have had a Labor Ov ornmeut for nearly two years — years wi.-vii have been full of strire and dlscotui-nt. No Government could have avoided some of the discontent, as tub .rouble has b.-eu world wide, and find* Its catise in tho wu«v: having been turned upside down by it.o grea war. Fos four ? long years we de voted, ourselves to destroying one another and we .find It dinicuH to .settle down .to work. Wo have to make good tho was tage and loss of war, and seem betu on trying to do it by -working shorter hours, reducing output, and asking for snore wagos Tho workers arc -«ot the only ones at rault — we are- all In it, even the Members or Parllamerrt wanted and' took more wage3. but U is with Die. Industrial posi tion as It most closely afreets ourselv'es that I am chiefly concerned to-nfgtit. DAIRYING AND ORAZINO. The main Industry or this eleclorato from, end to end h dairying, in add.tion to which we have a very important tim ber industry, and a large area devoted to cattle raising as \veli. it Is the sale of these products that enables us lo Lve. In fact from them 'we all get our wages. Now, the Government's policy Is that the basic wage shall not be interefered with. It was fixed some 13 months agtrat a tune when dairymen received 2/- a lb for their butter, and graziers £20 to £30 for every bullock ; and it was on the basis or thAso prices that the noard or Trade found that £?4/5/ per- week was a fair basic wave. Every manufactured httlcle made In N.S.W. that we buy had 'burn made on the bnla of the standard wage or more being paid to the industrialists of the city who manu facture the goods. Yet our position Is such that the actual earnings of the pri mary producer if lu is a dairyman, have been reduced by at reast two-thirds, since butter Js now worth only about Sd, and the graziers' earnings linve gone down three-fourths — seeing that the animals that he got £2o to £30 for in the same con dition will only realise him from £5 to £8. At the same time In- transportation ?nd handling charges in «;vdnev have lr» creased, ir the Otrvcrnmeht will ar range. by some means, jnknown at present, to restore ibe price of butter to a payable one and also rtj-eatabllsh the grazing In dustry on a payable basis, then not one word can be said In regard to tho basic wage being maintained at the same relative standard that it was a year ago. It is manifestly unjust for the Government to .??acririce one section or the community for i the advantage of the other. The counfry 1 People have long enough endured the neg lect or the central Government and It is no wonder that incessant claims are aris ing for the establishment of new and smal ler states in order that we may better pro tect ourselves. The Government seem ready to treat tho primary producer (whom they know are mainly opposed to them politically) with callous Indifference everywhere up and down the Coast— every dairy farmer Is wondering how he Is going :o carry on. Those who have rented farms In many cases find that tho produce at present prices will not pay the rents. There is no hone of the butter mar ket improving to anything like the price of a year ago. As for calves, thev are scarcely worth rearing, as wo all know. Those who have bought farms and bor- I rowed the nionev for the purposo will rind It practically impossible to- live and pay tin; Interest, Mr. Uo-Jley promises many things In the way or rural credits u Rural banks and the Hko — yet the plain I ract is thnt while a year ago the Com- } missloners or the Goverrr/jent Savings \ nank which was lending n maximum ori sanoo to n borrower on the security' or ' his farm (ir it was sufficient value) has! recently reduced the maximum to Eiono.l Yet the Rank's figures show that the d*- 1 noslts have increasen and moro money should be avdlnble. Perhaps the Gov ernment have had to borrow some them selves, and In consequence, the prfcnary producer who Is anxious to extend and develop his holding or some new primary producer, who wishes to acquire a hold ing has to go short. . We can di something to improve our dnlrylnsr Industry in order to bring the) value of our butter , nearer, to Danish and ? at least equal to New Zealand on the Lon don muiki't, but we havo no hope of. con- ironing tiiut market, seeing that so many other countruM competa over there. We cr.u do sotitoihirig to ma. main a l^aonabie liricc In Australia by co-operative action but it inusi . embivicn oil uiie dairying States. We have built up a great dairy ing industry w.ihuut hiucn.help Tvor.n the ooverbment and i- dKi.k w« are .able . to cany out our co-opiratrvi? destiny to the end without Itilerrerence from Ihem; Mr. Uooley'.s speech contains many vaguo pro:rJsfci as (o wha: Is ro be. rfmn; to r.s iiist our Industries. His Government to wards the end or last year fixed, for tho rirst tiino.in our history the basic wago or those engaged. In the- primary indus try at £3/0/. such a wage woul{j not be too high Ir the old prices prevailed, but the persistent and. rapid fall in values or our produce that has taken place during the last o months clcarly shows that it Is Impossible to fix a biislc wage for pri mary production workers, ns tho people or this district mostly are. The present position. is that a dairyman cannot engage any labor at the wage fixed. Bettor for blm to' give up his farm, his herd and his plant to his employee and let lum make tbo best he can out of H, and hlms-jlf he relieved of paying the wage. We can not do that .and so the farmers are com pelled to carry on with tho assistance of their wives ami children. The Labor Party, -through Mr. McGirr have declared that, if returned to power they will In crease the rural basic wage to £4/5/ per week, ir we cannot pay 13/f./, then It Is dirricult to M'e how we are going to pay £ 4/5/. Lei ibe Government be fair about the matter, and look at all sections or tho commtinli.v and no: allow the coun try people to be sweated fo~ the saka or the city Industrialists, r: is~'no wond-»r that the city expands at the expense or. -the country. I.i the city life »s i.ade easy, pleasant and attractive, and naturally a great many of our young To;k dni't there Life Jn the country, his of course, its ad Vantages, but compared with the. city It is a life of toil drudgery and inconvenience find added to that it is^tpparently to be' made a life or poverty. And all for the sake or the Government's supporters who are elderly found In. the city. Wlv ?ho»-d the former rind it essential that his wire and children should work in order to enable him to carry on. iN0 mdnstr.'olist In. the city expects his wife or ch'ldren »o help him .and his wages are deliberately fixed on the basis that such help would be unnecessary, and their, wives are con fined to Their proper duties in looking af ter their children' and thclr households. We all know how dirfcrcnt It Is In tho country. The drift or the population ap pears to have definitely set against- tfce country. During the last io years, ns tho census show, the population of the State ncreased bv 452.000 persons, nr that Increase the county of Cumberland, that is. practically the city, obtained In ro-.nd numbers 33u,nno. while the rest of New South Wales Increased by 1 13,000 only. We think the North Coast his been goln» anoart and the population Increasing dur ing tho last ten years yet the fact is th.it we do not hold our natural Increase of births over deaths but lost In round num bers, 5000 out or 21.000 to tho city. Every Government promises vigorous country development, and that Is the way It goes on. The city already has a pre ponderance of thi! voting strength of the -tnfe and present conditions are only ac 'cntuatfng that evil. Thoso opposed to ;hc Labour party do not wish to reduce !»»/» basi-* '-age. All wo .nv is that the [vhole or the factors should bo considered by tho piopcr tribunal .which rixes the tvag#, nnn, that when the Industry of the irlmary producers is reduce:! to an ut terly proNtcble nostton. as It U jit the present time tho. cltv man should no*, be dlowed to rret the . produce at' one' third nr 6n» fourth of the' price that the ' - former* ly iudd nnd compel us *o still pay him the seme r»;ice for his labor as W03 formerly considered right.. primaKy. industries. In the end NSW.' live* on hop prlnarv Industrie® nnd the producer h»s to heir the whob» burden. Ho get-j the residue that Is lert. Our mannficturlng costs are in hltrh that we are unahle to exnort manu facturlng poods or any Importance. . The I city manuracturcr has the advantage of .an extremely high customs tariff. and ^Iso : the protection or tho ocean freights auo I very high, and he Is able to pass on to ' the consumer the high wage cosw. ' On ? ? the other hand the primary producer or I {this state has to .take tho world's parity I or thereabouts for lite produce. Wo have i no protection whatever of customs or ucean . ire.ghts. RAILWAY FREIGHTS. Railway freights nnd* fares havo been Increased by this Government to such a point that the Railway commissioners a little while ago tolrt the Government It was impossible to Incroise them any fur ther. All this fall'^rin the country dwel ler. Concessions here and concessions there, and promises of more,, arc of course pleasant and attractive to the recipients, but the great mass of the people -have to make the:j;i good aud. rinal'y we .all suffer alike. We might as wtftl race the situation plainly and realise that we .cannot main tain our present standard or comfort and civilisation without more and harder work The Government takes and will take credit Tor providing many industries with a 44 hrvr week, but at the same time they have enormously increased unemployment, a;:d trade has been diverted to Victoria: FORCING PRODUCERS OFF TIIEl LAND The present policy must Inevitably Nr3t of all dishearten tho prlrnary producers -md then force them off the tand. The Labor Party has put forward a proposal that large, landholders will be forced to make greater use of their iamt under poln of prirt'n! confiscation. We In the country I'll know t!:ct the farmer and grazier en .'envors Jo nut ids land to the best uso pcs:!ble. Ho docs not own tt for the good I or bis health, but wishes to get fhe most 1 he can out or It. no has been handicap '-?d by tue difficulty er obtaining labour i and »\\-iii'*\ils for . improving. For In s'.r.nre, the price of 'fencing wire has for a lone- time been almost prohibitive. Then '?he bMc wage came in and wo found thnt tlte cost or improving, the land was Ic3S than the vnltie of It after Improvement .In a great number of cases. Now our opponent, wTh coo! cynlcts:»/ prono^e tn-offrr ns bankruptcy or confiscation. Where n ih'^ kind or thiny going to end? tt will rcrfafnlw hro*dc up estates,: but at , ;hc 't.rci t'.mc it vlli break N.S.W. as veil. . FINANCIAL MATTERS. .Mr. Doolcy has very fltt'o to say about finurce, except to pioini.se moro and moro taxation. He ignores the well known ract iiict vou cai:nct tax a man beyon d cer i.dn limits, .and that excessive taxation kills the goo3c thatsjr.ys the golden eg?. Tho csrendltuie or odr s^to haa been mounting tip under Labor management, and Is rapid ly assuming alarming proportions. Ac cording to the Labor Treasurer the pre ceftt year will end with a dericlency of two millions a ul proposes to pay anot her two million in .Mv:hethood Endow ment. Our railways were formerly a val ueble asset — now they are a heavy incutn- 1 branco and we lose a million a year on the-'ir. The Government may boast about doing Nils and that, but It Is piling up ex penditure to the breaking point and must inevitably ruin the State and Involve it In Bankruptcy. Mr. McClrr recently said, »' T/ifi people can stand a Jot more yet.' and apparently the people are to be made to stand It to suit the financial bllndne3S of his party, u should not be forgotten Urnt in 1P20 the Labor Treasurer proposed ccSdltlonal taxation to the amount of, two millions. He forecasted « surplus- for the year, but finally had to announce a -de- ficit. Now he proposes to make up the deficit ond two mUUons for Motherhood Endowment. COMPARISON WITH VICTORIA. * The Victorian State . Treasured recently mid In cooiparlng taxation or /his State with ours that a man with a taxable In come or £500 there paid £0/5/ per an num. while Jn N.S.W. he pays £31/3/. or lust rive times as much. Victoria is our ''neighbour. The people ore the same as ourselves, engaged in the same industries and work undeP much tho same conditions. ! nut tbc dirrcrcnce IS that Victoria has never 1 liad a Labour Government. Moro than hair their national -tebt is now held in Victoria, cr.d the people get tlie benefit or Ibe expenditure or the Interest on tt. Our financial position . Is. exceedingly bad and may become desperate ir the Stali? is loft In tho hands or those -who control it at present. ' , CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTIONS The Labour movement Is one, only on tho f.uiTace. There js a stroiif and growing element In It which seems to have assumed control or It, and which recently boasted that tbev wqre white-anting the unions by eating out the heart and leaving only a useless crust and making the way right for red revolution. They sent a 'iielepatlon to Russia to congratulate the Communistic Government there, and I think the 'Presi- dent or the Trades HalL In Sydney was one or that delegation. Apparently Rus sia is their model. RED REVOLUTION. It can scarcely bfe denied In view of the published facts; that the Labor, P^irty alms at subverting the free Government of this State, and setting up 1° Hs place a Govern ment based on that which is now destroy ing Russia: The delegation Just referred to 'presented h'report to the Red Internationals ;at Moscow describing how tho Unions here ?are. being prepared tor tlie revolution. Re cently the Australian Labor Party held a conrcreui-o at iirt:-banc. and apparently the whole movement 1/ committed to Its pro gramme. TRADES HALL CONTROL.* I have said that no Individual member or the L'ulfoi' Party Is rree. He obeys a caucus majority. There are 45 or them and 23 can absolutely dictate and domin ate the policy of N.a.W. They meet In secret, and there decides questions affecting the vital ititcroils of the people ; and they have turned the Legislative Assembly into a mei'o recording -.nachine and. destroyed It cs a deliberate legislative body. That has not been the work entirely of tho present Government but.wQnt oo before. This Gov ernment.' however, Jws carried the matter ? a further stage, when they and their caucus supporters 'bowed before tho directions of Iftn 'Trades Hall Council and carried out tho orders of. that body. This may be deulvu. but It Is Illustrated and proved by the Government's action In regard to the City Council. There the citizens, oppressed by tho set or the caucus Aldermen whom they believed wero ruining the fair rwme and prosperity or their city formed organisa tions to defoat such aldermen at the elec tions on the 1st December last. To avoid thl?, roll stuffing was first tried and when that failed owing to the vigilance, of the citizens the Trade3 Ilall ordered the Govern ment toipostpone the elections, and at the samp net, disfranchise a largo number of the citizens or Sydney who pay a large proportion or the rates. They forced this measure through the Houso but It met Its fate In the second Chamber, and the Cauc'us Aldermen also met their rate at the hands or the citizens when they came up for re-election. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. -Thero is another constitutional matter, and one which reNects little credit on those responsible for tho lato Parliament's taction. When we elected tho last Parlla j incut they In errect agreed to serve for | £SGU per aununi. llardlv wero they elected i when they demanded more. They referred | the matter to a Judge, who on the plea ttot the. cost of living had gone up, in creased their salaries to £875. per annum, In addition to which, each member recelv I rd free railway j»is3 ami a stamp allow ance of £30 per annum. In South Aus I Hnlkt they receive £400 a year. In Vic i torla £550. ir i s:i: returned 1 will do my beat to have the salary reduced to Its. old limit. Another reason Is that If reductions arc to bo made then the Par flee.- and I will' act in that way. There after the members can with a better grace dlscu«s reduction with other parties In--, t 'rested. . ? VOTING AND PARTIES. I stand heforo vou as a ' Progressive Country Partv candidate, and If returned will vote nnd work with that party In Par liament. At the same time, a* I stated be fore. l: will be the duty- of everyone, op nosed to Lrbo^to assist fit putting that 1 pnjty o't of oillce, i^nd keen Jt out of of rice, and. I will nctm thatway. THere arc now three Labor candidates ?offering, and to opposed -to Labor, or that ten, five. are men belonging to our own elec torate, nnd 1 ask vou earnestly to con sider whethe- vou would not be better served by rotiirnlnn* some of your local men. Surely if would be Jjctter co Iwa our members living amongst us. engaged ! In the same occupations tnat we are engagcdMn, and panning -in and out umongsi our people. Too long l»ave we been re presented by city -fucn, .vhose livei are spent there, and whose interests are largely i centred there. Tbo time, 15 opportune for; \ change, and It remains In your bands ; 'q. gtve eriect to It. .* VOTE A FULL TICKET ~~ * When you come to vote the law only | requires you to vote a preference -. for I three candidates, that Is, you 'must to make your vote formal, put No. 1 opposite tho candidate you most prefer. No s op posite the next one you prefer, and No. 3 opposite the third or your choice, ir you wish to dereat Labour you. should not* stop there, but continue your vote to tlie end or thoi-o candidates who nominate flfwJnst Labour. OnJy by. .so doing will your vote be effective in the count to the end. You will probably be able to get a card at tho polling- booth with 'the names of tl;p anti-Labour candidates, on ?L You ay tako it Into the booth with you but don't leave .It there. It will as sist you to remember the names, if every ?*oter 'vote3 Ills ticket right out then It v/JH.be well ; but l greatly fear that many will leuve it when only three preferences ire marked. COUNTRY POLICY. It is not enough to Just criticise one's opponents — something more must be done, wc must havo more production or primary industry Jn our staie. They are our living and enable us to pay out. way, and, everything must be done to assist the primary producers. We must settle jnore and more on our lands, and must get more and more producers. To do that wc must get immigrants or the right type. They are offering nq,w in England which is over crowded, and we must encourage them here and welcome them when thpy come and assist the.n to build un and assist this country in every possible way. We . must remove every restriction that harras- f ses the man on tlie land, and in addition we must hold out a helping hand to him In every way. The whole future depends I on this. Every observer knows that the White Australia Policy can only be made errectlve by getting white immigrants. As Sir Joseph Cook said recently, 'It Is cither : get them or perish.' Millions or hungry eyes are resting on Australia from Asia, aud demand the right to come here. The only answer *o thoae demands is that Aus tralia is already funy occup.ed. it is not so now. Wc ;i.ust make it so. LOCAL GOVERNMENT. We must Increase the effectiveness of 1 our Local Government. Public spirited citizens giving freely of their time and energies to carry it on have been ham pered by the lack or adequate revenue. : The Foiestry Department cuts up roads and pays trivial rates. This must bo altered. The Government must allow a larger subsidy, us good roads arc essen tial to our cutin'.ry lire. Apparently the city thinks that the country man can i put up with anything. The Government put the piirratmuta road |n ordeP .at the expense of the country at an expense or £100,000, end It is calculated tteit the carriers deriyn so much advantage rrom the improved condition that one ru-m alone estimates the reduction Jn their expenses at £iooo per annum. We want similar roads to assist our haulago tand we must have » them. COUNTRY CENTRES. An attempt must be made to equip coun try centres. On tho North Coast we have a number of places wl.vre wc can estab lish bvdro electric power stations, We i have one on the Bulga and there are others l further noctli. These must be developed.. RAILWAYS, ^ The North Co:i?t Railway must be com pleted. It has been too long In construc tion nnd Is a considerable Io?* io the country. Wo must link up with Grafton, ! and Grafton with its. TAXATION. 1 A serious rnd vigorous attempt must ba made to reduce taxation, in 1913 we paid 5/10 per bend. In 1021 wc paid £3/ 13/7 per 'bead, and then there Is another four nilll'ons to be added to It. This kind or tnls cannot go on and tho new Government which I hope will be - formed must sec. that It ceases. Economy . can and must be practised bv* abolishing the State or Federal income 'Tax Return and the Department. One return and ? one De partment t«. ample. ' * FORESTRY. The forestry Commission Is doing use ful and valuable work with our forests, but It Is making ltseir a monopoly, in my Judgement private enterprise will work out ovir destlnv beUeP than State mono poly ; and when fair royalties are fixed , and pronpr regulations provided, then I « think the men ought to be allowed to work in the forests and make the best or their labor and Industry. RETURNED SOLDIERS. The slump- In cattle .vaiuesvis seriously affcctlng the returned soldiers. Many of them have been unable to meet their pay ments. The State will havo to meet this position 'and shouldor the loss, otherwise tho ir.fen will leave their holdings. CO'OPIJRATIVE MARKETING. This must be encouraged In -every pos sible way. -nutter has fallen 2d per lb during tho last AO davs, ond that 1« pro Lobly duo to the fact that we have not a cai.plctc system or co-operation. We should control our own products until It is handed ove. to the retailer who passes It on to the actual consumer. Only by so doing will the fair results of his energies and enterprise be secured tc the producer UNEMPLOYMENT. We have an Increasing number of .un employed In our midst chleriy In Sydney. These are a tax on the community and their loss of work 45 a detriment to us all. ir industry were free* from the Iwrasslng conditions this Government has imposed then we might very well look to the ex pansion that will absorb the unemployed. OTHER MATTERS. v I feel that it is no use- dwelling on the past — It is only useful in so' rar that it may afford a guide rnP the ?future. We are Interested In the fortunes of tomor row. but yesterday Is gone. -Mistakes have been made by all political parties and will be made by them in the futi/re. and there Is no use In us country people quarrel ling with our natural allies In the cVV — without their help our political lot would be hopeless. AT THE PARTING OF THE WAYS We are at tho parting of the ways. The State should be going forward In Its de velopment along these lines or liberty handed down to us by our Fathers, the guiding principle of which is that* the State should provide a ralr rleid for all Its citizens. Imposing onlv such restrictions and regulations as are neecssary for their eornnion good and then leave everyone to Vork out his destlnv accoidlng to his abil ity and In hl3 won way. On the oilier hand we hive tho course set straight to wards -the red communism. CONCLUSION. ?I feel that It. Is not tTecessary- for mo to say anyth ng about myseir. You all know me -well, qs I bave worked and lived on, th^ -Coast r for -27- years. Some fljv I am n.lavvver nnd there are too many lawyers, Jn JNirllametit ulready, . There are exactly six. wTHch Is not sumclent to handle. tho Intricate task of legislation, i ask .you to give jne yonr No. i votes ir yon annrove or .my fyimlid'd^re. assuring you that If. i am -elected l* will do my best. ? o make the i-*»me ami t«eonle of Oxley known1 and resperted Jn Parliament. QUESTIONS. Questions were Invited, but none were asked. , The, voles nf Hi. ink t tor.nmaled he meeting. ? j The LsquIiiMiux of Alaska make water proof boots and shirts of the skin or tho sal:i:on. ? . ... Wireless waves all ? travel '-at the same speed, regardless of llielr separate lengths 