Local and General News 'Driving Suppliers out of Industry.' Mr. Kiernnn (Doepwater), p.sked i for a definite scheme to put before the shareholders. Their factory was new and a good deai of money had been invested in it, and naturally the shareholders would want to know i where they stood. Deepwater was in a somewhat similar position to Red Ranso in that much of the cream came a good wav and would be re quired to stand on the platform with the lids on the cans. Mr. Cramsie said that amalgauia. tion would result in driving a good many suppliers out ot the industry, and tins contention was supported by Messsrs Farlow and Xiehne. As it was obvious that no business could be accomplished at the con. ference Mr. Farlow moved a vote ol thanks to Mr. Chapman for his at tendance and ins remarks. The motion was carried by accia. mation, and the conference conclud ed. Dearest City m the World.— The most expensive city in the world, where ;C2 is paid lor a meal with out wine and A/ for a glass of null:, is Tampico, on the Panuco Iliver in Last Mexico, according to a British business man who lias just returned to England. j Whisky in Tampico is 2/G a 1 thimbleful and a glass of lemonade costs 2/ . A felt hat, such as can he bought m expensive London for 17s Cd, costs moro_lhan three times this sum, while u single furnished room cannot be had for lses than £5 a week. Tainpieo is a modern town, with many large buildings, three kiuemas, and a variety theatre, all built cheek by jowl with miserable little huts; - tile Mexicans in Tampi co, be states, carry firearms, and do not hesitate to use them. 'I saw a man struggling with two others in \- the main street and all had revolv ers drawn.' Wages in Tampico are also high. Mexicans and Indians are hired at 10/ a day to make roads or bridges; the oil.well drillers are paid £.100 a month and all found, while these who build the rig machinery above the wells get as much as Si 2 a day. Standard test Cows. — Tlie number of privately owned pure bred cows unde:- official test on tho 1st instant, u.ulor tho United Breeders' scheme, was 566, made up o£ b7 herds, and comprising 1!-7 Iilawarras, 148 Milk ing Shorthorns, 148 Jersevs, 28 Gu ernseys, 36 .Ayrshire.'), and 10 Fri sians! there were also 134 Govern ment cows on test at experiment farms. Tho Dairy Branch. Depart ment of 'Agricultui-e, supplies par. ticulars of the cows whose tests of milk and butter fat vields reached oi- exceeded the ofhcial standards, . and wore completed during Anril; these totalled 50, and included 17 Milking Shorthorns, 17 Jerseys, 10 Iilawarras, 5 Guernseys, and one Ayr shire. Italians .and Jugo- Slavs. — A flies, sage from Pans states that a collis ion occurred on the frontier between Itaiy and Jugo.Slavia, near Castua, and bayonets were used. It is report ed from Belgrade that five Italians 'were Willedl and Several wounded; tho .mgo-SIavs ? allece that the Itali. ans crossed the frontier anc! attack, ed them. Wild Ducks as a Pest.— Feed is still holding good m this and the adjoining districts to the West and Nortli-West of Wee Waa, says a late message .from 'that centre, 'thousli it is getting very dry and rain is anxiously looked for. About Rowena where they had phenomenal falls ot ram in December, summer herbage is still standing up, but will not last much longer. One holder in that locality said the other day that ho would still have plenty of feed but for the ravages of thousands nt wood ducks, which used to invada his paddocks and plnv havoc with the young feed. Others aver that tho water in' some of the dams has been so fouled by ducks as to have be come useless for stock. Undoubted, ly this area has recently been a shooter's paradise as duck and quail have been, and still are, verv num erous. 'T'n Ylnts' with Visors — Experi- ments are being made with a new form of steel helmots winch will have a movablo visor for use by the French armv. When the troops are on the move and there is no danger tho visor, which resembles that of an ancient knight in armour, will lie kept up; the moment the men enter a danger zone the visor will seal tho face as far as the mouth, slits being left through which the soldier mnv see. Riches in Bath urst.- -The. manager ot the Bathurst branch of the N.5I. Wales State Savings Bank, Mr. R. S. Fraser, has attained his ambition to reach £500.000 in deposits;- this aggregation of savings is extraor dinary for a community the si?e of Bathurst. Tt represents between £40 and CliO a head of the popula t ion . Nearly every child in the community lias aa ?.uxount at tho Savings Bank, whore tho list of con stituents totals 7S00. Farming Up.to-Date — Perry Bros, are working night and day at Narra-. bri ploughing with tho Austin motor tractor, hauling a 14-furrow plough;', they have a small dynamo driven off the fan shaft, which, gives light sufficiently strong to plough as v/ell ? at night as day; thev average from 25 to 30 acres per day, using one gallon o£ kerosene- to . the acre, . which is- much cheapor than horses. No feeding, watering, or harnessing of horses to worr.v them; they can start rts quickly as any motor car. extermination of Crows. — Sheap- lireeders in Bathurst district aro concentrating on the crows in antir cipanon of a heavy lambing season. Large consignments of heads aro arriving at the Past.oralists' Protee. | lion Board for bonuses of sixpenco I eucii ; the bisgost dav's haul so far is that by Keith Churches of Sofala, j who trapped 164 in one lot and re ceived £4 2s in bonuses. State's Birthrate. — In 1860 ? the birth rate in Australia was 42.11 per 1000 of the population. It remained in the 40's till about 1890. Before another five years it had. entered and left the 30's and was recorded . at iS.73. From then on to 1921 it was fairly steady, wir.h. if anything, a slight decline' Meat Works Re-open. — A message from Byron Bay states that the Ies. sees of the Byron Bay meat works, Messrs. Thompson & Co., resumed ? operations on Monday, commencing with about 150 head of big cattle, and a fair staff of workmen., The works have been shut down for about two years, and the resumption of work will give an impetus to tratlo in the town, and country farmers will get weight value for their sur plus cattle. Police May Smoke. — As the result of an application by the Police As sociation. tho Chief Secretary (Mr.( Oakes) has decided, on the recom. mendation of tlie Inspector General of Police, that police in uniform may smck e m compartments set apart for tnat purpose in trams, trams, or ferry boats. Formerly tha members of this force were not al lowed to do so. A Fortune from the Beach. — A Bundaberg Iadv states that a relative of hers, a lishtliouse keeper at Honolulu, has had fortune visited on him in an unexpected wav. On a beacli he found a substance which he sent to Now York for expert an alysis: the substance was found to be ambergris, worth £5 per ounce, and his find was worth £8500. Am bergris is used in connection wii.li Hie .manufacture of perfumery. Horse Has His Fling. — At lunch time on Friday last Yictorm.street was treated to a display of - horse manoeuvres by a steed which had been left m front of the Exchange Hotel . while the master went to quench ins thirst. Apparently get ting impatient, the animal careered crabwise across to the opposite gut ter and then, timiinf towards Brown's Creek, . dashed up Victoria street with a speed which would have made lleauford envious. After going about 100 yards tho girth be came undone, and the saddle slipped off. Eventually the- horse was cap tured and. submitted to the inevit able re-saddling. ^'??erage for Vife— A man who con. tuleied that the steerage wa* r.ood enough for his wife, while lie him seli travelled first class recently ar ? lived at New- York in the Danish steamer R-loina. ile was Moses Mo Ionuid, a citizen of Danzig and when he »h:iwed his passport, de scrying him as 'acconiiianied by his wife,' the immigration officials wanted to so.? her. '(;h, she's in the steerage,' he replied; the officials expressing surprise at this concep tion of the relationship ot tlie sexes. Melomod explained that lie. as a learned man of high Intellectual at tainments, considered different sur roundings were nocpcxfirv for h(»* compared with Ills wife, who was not so {rifled . \s a result ot this ile- : chiration llio ollicials came to tha conclusion that Melomod's ideas were out of harmony with American ideals; the couple were, consequent, ly talien to Ellis Island, nendmg an inquiry as to tho desirability ot de porting them as undesirable aliens. Scotland's Drink. — More port wino was consumed m Scotland in 19!U than in any year within the memory of living man, according to the Glas gow correspondent, of Hnrper's Wine and Spirit Gazette, lie savs Scot, land is turning from whisky becnuso | of the high duty on this, Scotland's favorite drink. Whisky proving- too dear and boer too impotent, SCots are discovering, lie savs, that, the wine of Portugal is cheaper than ei- . t.her, and he's a remarkable author- :: ity. The figures for 1921 show a surprising increase in tho consump. ? tion of port in Scotland and a falling . . off in tho consumption of Scotch whiskv. * ? Little Entente. — According to the correspondent of 'Ln Matin,' at Bel grade, tho Premiers of Roumama, C'zoeho.Slovakia, and Jugo-Slavia. will sign a general 2o venr alliance, on the occasion of the- marriage of King Alexander of Jngo-Slavia to Princess Mario of Rrunwnla. 4 