FRIDAY, JULY 7. The legislative Assembly met yes terday afternoon. 1 THE'AMERICAN LOAN. The TREASURER (Hon. E. G. Theo dore) explained, in reply to. Mr W-'H. Barnes ' (N.), ,that the Queensland loan was a dollar issue at the rate of 6 per cent, with a currency of ,25 years. The price of issue was 96. As a sink ing fund a sum of 50,000 dollars was to be set aside each half year during the 'currency of the loan for the pur chase of bonds of the issue on the open market at a price not exceeding par. Any portion of the sinking fund not expended during any six months would be invested at the option of the Government in bonds of the issue or any other issue of the State of Queensland or Commonwealth, with out restriction as to price. The cost of the loan for underwriting charges, brokerage, £c„ was four dollars per cent As with the previous American .oan, the Government made large profit on the conversion of the dollars into sterling. . ART UNIONS AND RAFFLES. Mr J. S. Kerr (N.) asked a series of questions of the Attorney-General in resnect to art unions, .raffles, fairs, and totalisators. Mr. MULLAN stated that 432 applications for art unions were granted during the 12 ended 30th June, 1322, and G< Of art unions and raffles combined, i9 applications were granted and i re fused In the metropolitan area. -2 horserace meetings were .hel^ dur'"| that v»ar, and 178 for the year ended 30th June, 1913. Permits were fcnW for the conduct of art unions, raffle-, and guessing competitions at cer*;"n , carnivals, on condition that ihe pro Ss would be, devoted to educational purposes, the Returnea Sailors' and. Soldiers' Labour League, and the Tweed Heads and Coolangatta Life Savers. Ho had no reason, to believe that the proceeds were not so allocated. YEAR'S LAND REVENUE. The MINISTER FOR LANDS (Hon T H Covnel stated, in reply to Mr. w. Bebbington (C.P.), that the land re venue for the year ended 30th June, 1922 was £1,515.534. There wa3 no export tax on timber, but a ch"fe was made for supervision d * logs exported. The amount collected under this head was £310. Eents due and unpaid on 30th June, 19-2, were. Selections. £105,560; pastoral holdings, £4,900; occupation licenses, £7,185; malting a total of £117,645. -LOANS FOR BUILDINGS. The MINISTER FOR "WORKS (the Hon. W. Forgan Smith) stated, in reply to Mr. E. B. Swayne (G.P.). that the amount spent from, the loan ac count since 1st July, 1915, had been (In seven years) as follows: School buildings, £318,390; other buildings, apart from railways. £976,39^0; making a total of £1,294,611. "LAND DUMMYING CASE." The MINISTER FOR LANDS stated, in reply to Mr. Bulcock (L.). that there was a suspected land dummying case in the Blackall district., The Land Commissioner, two land rangers, and a clerk in the head • office were concerned in the investigation. It had 1 been decided to take no further action. • ! There had been two successful "show : cause" cases during the last two years i —one in the Blackall district, and one , in the Barcaldine district. In each case forfeiture of the selection was declared. AU Land Commissioners and lana rpngers had been instructed to investigate thoroughly any cases where dummying was suspected. I ~ RAILWAY CONSTRUCTION, j The MINISTER FOR RAILWAYS iXtho Hon. J. Larfcombe) stated, in | reply to Mr. Swayne (C.P.), that the loan money spent through his de partment on* railway construction | since lst-July, 1915, was approximately £5,548,000 (to 30th June, 1922). 1 TRADES UNION CONGRESS. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Mr. Theodore), replying to Mr. W. J. Vowles (C.P.), stated that he was aware that the All-Australian Trades Union Congress, held in Melbourne in June of this year, had reaffirmed the objective of the A.L.P. passed at the Interstate Labour Conference held In Brisbane last October—namely : "The socialisation of the means of produc tion, distribution, and exchange." He , considered that the Government's pre sent scheme of organisation of primary producers for the purpose of giving assistance to them in their farming operations and co-operative enter- ! prises could be carried out. FREIGHTS ON CATTLE. The MINISTER FOR RAILWAYS i told Mr. G. Morgan (C.P.) that it would take some time to prepare figures in respect to the freight on i cattle and the number of cattle con veyed during the year ended June, , 1922. EMBARGO ON IMMIGRANTS Mr. J. C. PETERSON (CP.) asked tho Premier if it .was true that an embargo had been placed by the j Queensland Government settlement. The member read a letter dated March a, 1921. which was to tn< effect that the Queensland -Dovern ment recognised tho valur ns future citizens of Danish farmers with capital and that lie would consider any pro posal Ilia J would lead to tho ssttlemi.n of such . farmers'—provided they were possessed of. *>ay, *cs*s J each. „ Mr. THEODORE said the State Gov ernment had no power to Impose any embargo, nor had it any power to ex- j elude immirrants. MR. FIHELT.Y'S APPOINTMENT. The PREMIER slated, in reply, _ to Mr. E. H. Clayton (C.P.). that the in formation giving the total expenditure consequent upon the appointment ot Mr. J. A. Filielly to the position of AEent-Geneml would he given to the House, at the proper time. The CHIEF ' SECRETARY (Mr. Theodore), replying to Mr. J. !'• M. well (N.), stated that it was advisable to lay on the table the papers dealing with the resignation de flation, or otherwise of tlio ex-AS-nt General (Mr. X M. Hunter) and the appointment of Mr. X A. Flho ly - Agent-General. Questions relating 10 Mr. FiheilVs appointment could be dealt with when the estimates affect ing that department were under con sideration. TRAMWAY BILL. • ' The HOME SECRETARY (the Hon. W. McCormack), gave notice that, on Tuesday next, ho would introduce a bill, dealing with the acquisition, con struction,' management, and worltlug of the Brisbane tramways. ORGANISING 'PRIMARY PRODUCERS. The House went into committee to consider the desirableness of intro ducing a bijl to promote the agricul tural and rural industries by the organ ising of primary producers of Queens land in-a completely unified national organisation and for other incidental purposes. • (The MINISTER FOR AGRICUL TURE (Hon. W. N. Gillies) said the i title, of the bill set out its motives. He ! was sure that every member of the ; House recognised the need fop assist- j ing the rural community. The Govern- , ment desired" that tlie primary pro ducers should be sufficiently organised, so that they would be able to place their views before Governments, and to carry out financial and other schemes in their , own 1 in terests. The need for organising mar kets. and of dealing effectively with gluts and shortages was sufficient justi fication for something being done to organise the rural community into a solid, unified, non party body. StatesAen throughout the world, and particularly in • America, had recog nised how necessary it was to bring 'ab6ut order in;the rural industries. It was the duty of the Government and the nation to assist the farmers in this matter. That was the very step whereby they wished to bring about the emancipation of the rural com munity. The bill sought to leagalise what v already had been done, tnd to give the Council of Agicultural legal, as well as financial backing; The Minister proceeded to outline the provi sions of, the measure, along the lines which already have been published from time to time. He stated that Govern ment nominees on the Executive Council would be experts, and the Minister, for the time being,'would be chairman. No matter what. Govern ment was in power, the scheme would go on. (Hear, hear.) Mr. VOWLES (C.PA asked if it was not peculiar, that the Government, after seven years of office, was only now interesting itself in the needs of the primary producers. A Government member : "What about, your 50 years ? Mr VOWLES Why, I am not yet 50 years old. (Laughter.) It was pecu liar, he said, that the Government was only now becoming alive to the in terests of that section which they had hitherto been treating so harshly. The Government, it appeared to him, was dangling a bunch of carrots be fore the farmers, in order to secure their support at the.next appeal to the people. The Government had robbed the farmers in the- past. •A Govcrnment.member : That is not true. Mr BEBBINGTON (Country party) : It is true. Mr. VOWLES said that the very basis of the scheme put forward by the Government .had been put before the House by the hon. member who had interjected. The time allowed under the new standing orders for the committee stage had expired before Mr. Vowles had finished speaking, arid progress ■was. reported. - ADDRESS IN REPLY. * • Mr. G. POLLOCK (Labour) termed tho speech delivered by'Mr. Elphin stono a "tissue of generalities." Re ferring to Mr. Elphinstono's remarks about the prevalence of unemployment in Queensland, ho observed that no other State had done so much for the unemployed as tho Queensland 'Gov ernment had done. The Government was maintaining a large number of men who were rendered unemployed in other States of the Commonwealth. Referring to Mr. Elnhinstone's attack on the Government for its conduct of the Golden Casket, Mr. Pollock said the constituents whom he represented would rather have the Golden Caskets, operated by the Queensland Govern ment. than they would see its aboli tion and Tattersall's of Tasmana per mitted to carry on as previously. Mr. W. H. R.ARNES (N.): No one is advocating that. Mr. F. L. NOTT (C.P.L reminded the Government of its expressed intention, some years ago, of making the pas toralists squeal. He, believed that they had been very successful in - that , object; in fact, the pastorallsts were j not alone In their squealing.'The dairy- ' men would not readily forget? the way the Government had commantlccre'd their butter at lower prices than could be obtained elsewhere, and how the ; price fixer had fixed a lower price for' their produce than that which wasrul- | ing overseas. In introducing the measure to provide for the organising of the J primary industries, no expressed me view that the Government was ratting on-Us principles. The formers would be auspicious of the Government's - policy until they saw it being carried into effect. Inferring to the culture of cotton, Mr. Nott urged the Govern- . ment not to extend too widely the cot ton growing areas, unless it could first give^tlie farmers a guarantee that the nricc would be maintained. He con- • -iderccl that if the Government en deavoured to make the railways pay ;>v increasing freights, the amount of iratnc.would fall off to such a degree that the loss would bo greater than "CHASING A MYTH." Mr J. S. KERB (N.) said the National party was not chasing myths. They had something sound on which to build. On the other hand, the . Labour party, was chasing something which the community did not want. Queensland to-day was not getting the _ ^ame return for loan . money ex- • pended as was the case in 101.4. The £145,300 spent on the reduction of . deficits should .have been devoted to tly reduction of the public debt. For propa ganda- purposes the 'Government had whittled, down its threo years deficits from £834,933 to £430.000 by treasury bills, and the £145,000 referred to. Under existing conditions unemployment was aggravated by confining workers to specific trades. The -right lo,work was denied to many men through thcneglecto of the Government to legislate .on the lines laid down in practically* every. other part of the world. / air. F. A. COOPER (Labour) once more pressed the Government to do something in regard to opening the doors of the Ipswich railway workshops to apprentices.' He ironically congratu , lated the Opposition upon its apparent solidarity, and with considerable detail," gave what he declared was the history of the origin of the Protestant Labour Council in Brisbane. Mr. KERR (N.) : You havo given your caucus secrets away and now you , are giving,away the other side. (Op position laughter.) - Mr. SI55ER (Nationalist) described Mr. F. A. Cooper's speech as most disgraceful. Mr. Cooper had failed to connect the organisation which he had • mentioned with the Opposition. He (Mr. Sizer) was pleased to notice the absence of any manifestations of ap proval ' of the speech from' the Ministerial bench. Turning. to the Governor's speech, tho speaker said there was no' further con- . ccrn on the part of the Government as-to the emancipation of the workers, but there had sprung up instead a new found love for the farmers.., One butter . factory alone lost £3.000 through the interference of the State ; Government. Mr.' W. COOPER (Labour) claimed* that while the State Government con trolled butter prices the Queensland producers received the highest price, in Australia. Cotton growers had re ceived £61,000 from the Government.. The man on the land .was the lightest , taxed-of all landowners. The Govern ment might have liquidated Its deficitt by land alienation. Mr. WARREN (Country party) re garded the omissions from the Govern ment's sessional programme as more significant than the inclusions. He charged the Government with insin cerity in regard to the man on tho land. Tho fruit growers were prepared to submit to .an orchard tax rather than come under a communistic Gov ernment's control. Mr. BEBBINGTON (Country party) asked the Government " to explain the £2.5CO offer to which Mr. Warren had ' referred. - The Government held out communism in one hand and a private : production policy in the other. No doubt it realised that the greater production there was the more there would be for , the communists to take over. (Laugh ter.) His (the speaker's) party pinned its faith to . private- enterprise under which honest, industrious, and capable workers would have ample opportuni ties to evolve into shareholders.. t Mr. FORDE secured the adjournment of the debate, and the House, at 10.30 p.m., rose till Tuesday. 