State Elections. MEr. Ea. O. BZartin at Wing-ham, Notwithstanding that heavy rain tell all the evening on Friday, the 17th inst., a large audience, numbering about 200, gathered in the Picture Theatre, Wlngham, t0 hear Mr. L. 0. Martin. The Mayor (Aid. Machin) presided, and in introducing the speaker said : It 1b almost unnecessary to introduce Sir. Martin to you. His name has become a household word on the Manning and the Coast. He has lived, many years amongst us — ever since he was a youth, and all his in- . terests are centred here He has taken a foremost part in all public matters and movements tor over 25 years, and now he offers himself as a candidate for Parliamentary honors. He has, 1 believe, those qualifications which, in the present serious state of our public affairs, are most needed in Parliament to safeguard our interests, and his past conduct warrants us i:i placing the utmost confidence in him; and if he is returned he will be one of those who will make his influence felt in the new Parliament. Ke would call on Mr. Martin to address the meeting. Mr. Martin, on r'5ing to speak, was most cordially roceived. He said: J stand before the electors cf Oxley as a candidate tor their votes, and I pro pose to first of all examine the Govern ment's main policy, and the issues of the election as found in iheir pro gramme. Then I v.aut to consider the industrial situation as it more directly affects the country districts. I will the\i discuss the financial position, which is'largely wrapped up in indus trial matters; then I want to go into certain constitutional questions of vital importance to every one of us. THE PARTIES. It is a matter for regret, seeing the far reaching importance of the issues involved in this contest, that we have not been able i0 face it here in Oxley wilh three on each side and fight it out man to man. The issue is really joined with the Labor Party on one side, and those opposed ;o tbe present policy of that party on the other. These comprise ?!1 those elements of the State which stand for freedom and reject the socialism of tfie present Ltiber Farly and its communistic policy as well. In the new Parliament :!1 Members opposed to Lp.bor jnust from office, and having dene so it will be their duty t0 make proper arrange ments to form a new Government which will administer the affairs of the country so. that the interests of all sections of the people will be con served. We must not underrate the present Labor Party. It will profit us nclhing to attempt t0 belittle the mem bers of that party— too much of that kind cf thing has been done on both sides alraudy. It is belter to face the bituaticn frankly, and having realised what is before us, to take such mea sures as may seem best to safeguard oj*r interests. The situation is a very serious one for us country people. All we possess is at stake, arid each and every one of us must bestir himself now as we never did before or we may may find that the hour of effective re sislance has passed, and too late to deplore whst might have bc?n. The Labor Party stands compact, well or ganised, enthusiastic and aggressive. In its rangs are many men full of energy and ambition. ' To them we must oppose the best we have and meot them with more unity, more or ganisation, aad more enthusiasm. Xo use saying we can't, we mt;s: and we will. THE GOVERXMEXT POLICY. It ib quite evident that tLe chosen cry of Labor in this election will be the Basic Wage and Motherhood En dowment. Many other promises of a vote catching nature there wi-1 also be. as the Premier's speech amply show?, but all these should be prefaced Wjth these words, 'Subject to the money beiDg available.' There is for instance the Bulg-a railway, which we all want, and which would mean a great deal t ?; here; but nothing has l;een done even in the shape of a trial survey. I think it was Mr Dooley himself who suggested when he was hero in 1920 that a properly built motor traction road would meet the immediate wants of the district. Vet not calv has no effort beer, oiade to provide that road but the whittling down of the grants to the Shire has made the proper main tenance of the existing read impos sible when reasonable ??sistance would have made rapid development of the Bulga possible, and en?b!ed the great wealth in timber of that plateau, ss well as the wealth derived from dairying and kindred industries to be turned to account and paved the way for the railway which some day must be built. Bad roads are the curse of tbe country— the Shire revenues are all inadequate to keep them in order and the Government paves them with promises and cuts down the Shires' grant. THE BASIC WAGE. Mr. Dooley says that the vital ques tion at the education is whether the people will entrust themselves to a Labor Government, which stands for 'tbe maintenance of a wage which will ensure a reasonable standard of com1 fort for the worker and his family, or to an anti-Labor Government of his opponents, standing for reduced wages and longer hours. And he goes on to say that his Government will, if returned to power, legislate to maintain .a basic wage for this year at £4 5s per week. Now, no reasoubale public man or any fair minded person desires to re duca wages at all, either this year or next, if it can be avoided — certainly I do not; and there Is no party now he fore the people which ?advocates a reduction of wages to a limit that would not ensure a 'reasonable stand ard of comfort for the worker and his Jajtnily.' That Is exactly what former Governments advocated and establish ed jthe Board of Trade to provide. It is therefore merely throwing dust in1 Hie eyes of the people for the Govern ment to take credit for a principle ' which it dill not orfeinale, but merely Inherited from its predecessors. .-.. Tho Board of Trade is a body charg ed by law with the duly enquiring from time to time into the question of a living wage which, having re gard to the cost of necessary commodi ties at the time prevailing, would be sufficient to keep the wage earner and his family in reasonable comfort. It was that^ Board and not the Gov ernment which fixed the living wage at £4 5s. It is true that last October that same Board, after due enquiry, found that the cost of living had fallen so much that the Basic Wage should be £4 2s. The Board of Trade is a body en which the three parties in terested are represented, viz.. the workers, the employers and the public (the consumers). It is independent and free from political pressure. It con ducts its enquiries with the keenest rogavd to the interests of the workers and it has power to revise its decisions from time to time. Surely such a body is better able to hold the balance fairly and decide what is right, than a Government and political party — which looks to one section of the people only, and preaches a doctrine of class hatred and class consciousness. I leave this matter for the moment, but will come, back to it again in dealing with the industrial position when I will show with what cynical indiffer ence the country interests are treat ed by the Government, and only here observe that if the Government and Labor Farty are to be the tribunal for fixing wages without enquiry why not make the basic wage £5 4s in stead of £4 5s. It is so easy to make premises when you put the responsi bility of fulfilling them on some one els». MOTHERHOOD ENDOWMENT. Xo generous hearted person, such as we all wish to be. can see with indiffer ence the struggle that at times goes on in some households where a wage earner is absent, or not able, for some cause or other, to provide properly for his offspring. In such cases the State already does do something in the way of relief but not nearly enough ; and I believe that in all such cases (no matter from what cause the dis ability arises) the community can well afford to help more generously than now the struggling family in order that the children may grow up a strong, helpful, Australian children, such as we so greatly need in this land of ours. But to make a general dole, as is now proposed, would in my judgment, only result in pauperising our people and would create greater evils. We all know that most parents love their chil dren and really live for th?m. and that lo promote their welfare n.nd happi ness is the great object ot our lives. Every man worth the name knows the responsibility he takes on himself in marrying, and does not wish to shirk that responsibility or hand it over to the State. Family life is the basis of the organisation of our nation, and the love of children and the willing ness to provide for them at one's own cost is a great and abiding feature in our family life. If we vmdermine the foundation of that life by any such vote catching insidious dole as that proposed, we may find that we have destroyed what we intended to protect. THE INDUSTRIAL POSITION. Xo one can be satisfied with our in dustrial positiou. We have had a Labor Government for nearly two years — years which have been full of discontent and strife. Xo Government coi'ld have avoided some cf the dis content, as the trouble has been world wide, and finds its cause in the world having been turned upside down by the great war. For four long years we devoted ourselves; to destroying one another, and we find it difficult to settle down -o work. We have to make good the wastage and loss of war, and seem bent on trying 10 do it by working shorter hours, reducing output, and asking more wages. The workers are not the only ones at fault — we are all in it, even Members of Par liament wanted and took more wages. But it is with the industrial position as it most closely affects ourselves that I am chiefly concerned to-night. DAIRYING AND GRAZING. The main industry of this electorate from end t0 end is dairying, in addi tion to wheh we have a very important timber industrj', and large areas are devcted to cattle raising as well. It is the sale of these products that enables us to live. In iact from them we all get our wages. Now, the Govern ment's policy is that the basic wage shall not be' interfered with. It was fixed some 15 months ago at a time when dairymen received 2/ a lb for their butter, and graziers £20 to £30 for every bullock; and it was on the basis of .those' prices that the Board of Trade found that £4 5s per week was a fair basic wage. Every manufac tured article made in N.S.W. that we buy had been made on the basis of the sianuara wage or jnore being paid to the industrialists of the city who manufacture the goods. Yet our posi tion is such that the actual earnings of the primary producer, if he 1s a dairy man, have been reduced by at least two- thirds, since butter is now only worth about Sd, and the graziers' earnings have gone down thres-fourths — seeing thai the animals that he got £20 to £30 for in the same condition, will now only realise him from £5 to £8. At the same time the transpor tation and handling charges in Sydney have increased. If the Government will arrange, by some means, unknown at present, to restore thep rice of but ter to a payable one and also reestab lish the grazing industry on a payable basis, then not one word can be said in regard to the basic wage being maintained at the same relative stand ard that it was a year ago. It is manifestly unjust for tbe Government to sacrifice one section of tbe com munity for the advantage of the other. The country people have long enough endured the neglect of the central Government, and it is no wonder that im.-esBunt claims are arising for the es tablishment of new and smaller States In order that we 'may better protect ourselves. The Government seem ready to treat the primary producer (whom they know are mainly opposed to them politically) with -callous In difference everywhere up and down the Coast — every dairy farmer is won dering how he is going to carry on. Those who have rented farms in many cases find that the produce at present prices will not pay the rents. There is no hope of the butter market improving to any thing approaching the price of a year ago.- As for calves, they are scarcely worth rearing, as we all know. Those who have bought farms and borrowed the money for the purpose will find it practically impossible to live and pay the interest. Mr. Dooloy promises many things in the way of rural credits. Rural Banks and the like — yet the Plain fact is that while a year ag0 the Commissioners of the Government Savings Bank, which was lending a maximum of £2000 to a borrower on the security of his farm (if it was of sufficient value) has re cently reduced the maximum loan to £1000. Yet the Bank's figures show that the deposits have increased and more money should be available. Per haps the Government have had to borrow some of it themselves, and in consequence, the. primary producer who is anxious to extend and develop his holding, or some new primary producer, who wishes to acquire a holding, has tu go short. We cau do something to improve our dairying industry in order to bring the value of our butter nearer to Danish, and at least equal to New Zea land, on the London market, but we have no hope of controlling that mar ket, seeing that so many other coun tries compete over there. We can do something in maintaining a reason able price in Australia by cooperative action, but it must embrace all the dairying States. We have built up a great dairying industry without much help from the Government, and I think we arc able to carry outj our co operative destiny to the end without interference from them. Mr. Dooley's speech contains many vague promises as to what is to be done to assist our industries. His Gov ernment towards the end of last year fixed, for the first time in our history, the basic wage of those engaged in the primary industry at £3 6s. Such a wage would not be too high if the old prices prevailed, but the persistent and rapid fall in values of our produce that has taken place during the last 9 months clearly shows that it is im possible to fix a basic wage for those engsged in primary production, as the people of this district mostly are. The present position is that a dairyman cannot engage any labor at the wage fixed. Better for him to give his farm, his herd and his plant to the employee and let him make the best he can out of it. and himself be relieved of paying the wage. We cannot do that, nnd so the farmers are compelled tc carry on wih the assistance of their wives and children. The Labor Party, through Mr. McGirr. have declared that if re turned to power they will incease the rural basic wage to £4 5s per week. If we cannot pay £3 6s, then it is difficult to see how we are going to pay £4 5s. Let the Government be fair about the matter, and look at all sections of the community and not allow the country people to lie sweated fcr the sake of the city industrialists. It is n0 wonder that the city expands at the expense of the country. In the city life is made easy, pleasant and at tractive, and naturally a great many of our young people drift away there. Life in the country has, of course, Its advantages, but compared with the city it is a life of toil, drudgery and inconvenience, and added to that it is apparently to be made a life of poverty. And all for the sake of .the Government's supporters who are i mtu- iuuuu in *'' --HJ. ^ uy Miuuiu the farmer find it essential that his wife and children should wcrk in order t0 enable him to carry on. Xo indus trialist in the city expects his wife or children to help him, and his wages are deliberately fixed on the basis that such 'help would be unnecessary, and their wives are confined to their pro per duties in looking after their chil dren and their households. We all know how different it is in the country. The drift of the population appears to have definitely set against the coun try. During the last 10 veers, as the census show, the population cf the State increased by 452.000 persons. Of that increase the ccuuty cf Cumber land, that is practically' tho city, ob tained iu round numbers 339.000, while tbe rest of X.S.W. increased by 113.000 only. We think the North Coast has been going ahead, and the population increasing during the last ten years, yet the fact is that we do not held our natural increase of births over deaths, but lost numbers 5000 out of 26,400 to the city. Every Government promises vigor ous country development, and that is the way it goes on. The city already has a reponderance of the voting strength of the State and present conditions are only accentuating that evil. Those opposed t.o the Labor Party do not wish to reduce the basic wage. All we ask is that the whole of the factors should be considered by the proper tribunal which fixes that wage, and that when the industry cf the primary producers is reduced to an utterly unprofitable position, as it is at the present time, the city man should not be allowed to get our produce at one third or one fourth of the price that he formerly paid and compel us to still pay him the same price for his labor as was formerly considered right. PRIMARY INDUSTRIES. In the end N.S.W. lives on her pri mary industries and the producer has to bear the whole burden. He gets the residue that is left. Our manufac turing costs are so high that we are unable to export manufacturing goods of any importance. The city manu facturer has the advantage of an ex ceedingly high customs tariff and also (he protection of the ocean freights, also very high, and he is able to pass on to the consumer the high wage costs. On the other hand the primary producer of this State has to take the world's parity or thereabouts for his produce. We have no protection what ever either of customs or ocean freights. RAILWAY rTi.U(-jriTS. nailwp^v freights and faros have been increased by this Uovprnraent to. such a point that the Railway Commis sioners a IHtlo while ngo told the Government that it was impossible to increase them any furthor. All this falls on the country dweller. Conces I sions here and concessions there, and , promises of more, are of course plea- j sant.and attractive to the recipients, ; but the great mass of the people haye , to make them good and finally we all j suffer alike. We might as well face | the situation plainly and realise that we cannot maintain our present stand ard of comfort and civilisation without more and harder work. The Govern ment takes Bud will take credit for providing many industries with a 44 hour week, but at the same time they have enormously increased unemploy ment, and trade has been diverted to Victoria. FORCING PRODUCERS OFF THE LAND. The present policy must inevitably lirst ot all dishearten the. primary producers, and then force them off the land. The Labor Party has put for ward a proposal that large land hold ers will be forced to make greater use of their land under pain of prac tical confiscation. We in the country all know that the fanner and grazier endeavors to put his land to the best use possible. He does not own it for the good of his health, but wishes to get the most he can out of it. Ho has been handicapped by the difficulty ot obtaining labor and materials for im proving. For instance, the pvice of fencing wire h?s for a long time been almost prohibitive. Then the basic wage came in and we found that the cost of improving the land was less than the value of it after improvement in a great number of cases. Now our opponents, with ccol cynicism, propose to offer us bankruptcy or confiscation. Where is this kind of thing going to end? It will certainly break up es tates, but at the same time it will break N.S.W. as well. FINANCIAL MATTERS. Mr. Dooley has very little to say about finance, except to promise more and more taxation. He ignores the well known fact that you cannot tax a man beyond certain limits, and that excessive taxation kills the goose that lays the golden egg. The expenditure cf cur State has been mounting up and up under Labor management, and is rapidly assuming alarming propor tions. According to the Labor Trea surer the present year will end with a deficiency of two millions, and he proposes to pay another two million in Motherhood 'Endowment. Our jail ways were formerly a valuable asset — now they are a heavy encumbrance and we lose a million a year on them. The Government may bo?.st of doing this and that, but it is piling up ex penditure to the breaking point and must inevitably ruin the State and must inevitably ruin the State and in volve it in bankruptcy Mr. McGirr recently said 'The people can stand a lot more yet.' and apparently the people are to be made to stand it to sujt the financial blindness of hjs party. It should not be forgotten that in 15)20 the Labor Treasurer proposed r.ddilional taxation to the amount of twe millions. He forecasted a surplus for the year, but finally had to au nounce a deficit. Now he proposes an additional two millions to make up the deficit and two millions for Mother hood Endowment. COMPARISON WITH VICTORIA. The Victorian State Treasurer re cently said in comparing taxation of his State with ours that a man with a taxable income of £500 here paid £6 5s per annum, while in N.S.W. he pays £31 5s, or just five times as much. Victoria is our neighbor. The people are the same as ourselves, engagefi in the same industries and work under much the same conditions. But the difference is that Victoria lias never had a Labor Government. More than half of their national debt is now held in Victoria, and the people get the benefit of the expenditure of the inter est on it. Our financial position is ex ceedingly bad and may become des perate if the State is left in the hands of those who control it at present. CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTIONS. The Labor movement is one, only On the surface. There is a strong and growing element iu it which sems to have assumed control, and which re cently boasted tbat they were white anting the unions by eating out the heart and leaving only a useless crust and making the way right for red revolution. They sent a delegation to Russia to congratulate the Commun istic Government there, and I think the President of the Trades Hall in Sydney was one of that delegation. Apparently Russia is their model. RED REVOLUTION. - It can scarcely be denied it* view of the published facts, that the Labor Party aims at subverting the free Government of this State, and setting up . in its place a Government based on that which is now destroying Rus sia. The delegation just referred to, presented a report to the Red Interna ionals at Moscow describing how the Unions here are being prepared for the revolution. Recently the Austra lian Labor Party held a conference at Brisbane and apparently the whole movement is committed' to its pro gramme. TRADES HALL CONTROL. I have said that no individual mem ber of the Labor Party is free. He obeys a caucus majority. There are 45 of them and 23 can absolutely dic tate and dominate the policy of N.S.W. They meet in secret, and there decide questions affecting the vital interests of the people; and they have turned the Legislative Assembly into a mere recording machine and destroyed it ss a deliberative legislative body. That has not been the work entirely of the present Government but went on be fore. This Government, however, has carried the matter a stage further, when they and their c.ucufi supporters bowed before the directions of the Trades Hail Council, and carried out the orders of that body. This may be denied, but it is illustrated and proved by the Government's action in regard to the City Council. There the citi zens, oppressed by the set of caucus Aldermen whom they believed were ruining the fair name and prosperity of their city formed organisations to defeat such Aldermen at the elections on tbe 1st December last. To avoid this, roll stuffing was first tried, and when that failed owing to the vigil ence of the citizens, the Trades Hall ordered the Government to pospone the elections, and at the same timo, and by the same net, disfranchise a large number of the citizens of Sydney who pay a large proportion of the rates. They forced this measure through the House, but it met its fate in the second Chamber, and the Caucus ifldermen also met their fate at the hands of the citizens when they came up for re- election. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. This is another constitutional- mat ter, and one which reflects little credit on those responsible for the late Par liament's action. .When we elected the last Parliament they in effect agreed to serve for £500 p'er annum. Hardly were they elected when they demand ed more.' They referred the matter to a Judge who, on the plea that the cost of living had gone up, increased their salaries to £875 per annum. In addition to which, each member received a free railway pass, and a stamp allowance of £30 per annum. In South Australia they receive £400 a year. In Victoria £550. and in Queens: land £500. If I am returned I will do my best t0 have the salary reduced to its old limit. Another reason is that if reductions are to be made then the Parliament should first reduce it self. Thereafter the members can with a better grace discuss reduction with other parties interested. VOTING AND PARTIES. I stand before you as a Progressive Ccunlry Party candidate, and if re turned 'will vote and work with that Partv in Parliament. At the same time, as 1 before stated, it will be the duty of everyone opposed to Labor to assist in putting that Party out of office, and keep it out o£ office, aud I will act in that way. There are now three Labor candidates offering, and 10 opposed to Labor. Ot that ten five arc men belonging to our own elec torate, and 1 ask you earnestly to con sider whether you would not be better served by returning some of your local men. Surely it would be better to have our members living amongst us, engaged in the same occupations that we are engaged in, and passing in and out amongst the people. Too long have we been represented by city men, whose lives are spent there, and whose interests are largely centred there. The time is opportune for a change, and it remains in your hands to give effect to it. VOTE A FULL TICKET. When you come to vote the law only requires you to vote a preference for three candidates, that is, you must, to make your vote formal, put No. 1 opposite the candidate you most pre fer. No. 2 opposite the next one you prefer, and No. 3 opposite the third of your choice. If you wish to defeat Labor you should stop there, but con tinue your vote to the end of those candidates who nominate against La bor. Only by so doing will your vote be effective in the count to the end. You will probably be able to get a card at the polling booth with the names of the anti-Labor candidates on it. You may take it into the booth with you but don't leave it there. It will assist you to remember the names. If every voter votes his ticket right out then it will be well; but I greatly fear that many will leave it when only three preferences are mark ed. COUNTRY POLICY. It is not enough to just criticise one's opponents — something more must be dene. We must have more production of primary products in our State. They are our living and enable us to pay our way, and, everything must be dene to assist the primary producers. We must settle more and mere on cur lands, and must get more and more producers. To do that we must get immigrants of the right type. Thp-i- nrn nffrrinc now in Enirland which is over crowded, and we must encourage them here, and welcome them when they come ami assist them to help us to build up and protect this country in every way possible. We must remove every restriction that harasses the man on the land, and in addition wo must hold out a helping hand to him in every way. The whole future depends on this. Every ob server knows that the White Australia Policy can only be made effective by getting white immigrants. As Sir Josph Cook said recently 'It is either get them or perish.' Millions of hungry c-yes are gazing on Australia from Asia, and demand the right to come here. The only answer to those demands is that Australia is already fully occupied. It is not so now. We must make it so. LOCAL GOVERNMENT. We must increase the effectiveness of our Local Government. Public spirited citizens giving freely of their time aud energies lo carry it on have been hampered by the lack of ade quate revenue. The Forestry Depart ment cuts up roads aud pays trivial rates. That must be altered. The Government must allow a larger sub sidy, as good roads are essential to our country life. Apparently the city thinks that the country man can put up with anything. The Government put the Parramatta road in order at the country's expense at an expendi ture of £100,000, and it Is calculated that the carriers derive so much ad vantage from the improved condition that one firm alone estimates tjie reduction in their expenses at £4000 per annum. We want similar roads to assist our haulage and we must have them. COUNTRY CENTRES. An attempt must be. made to equip country centres. On the North Coast we have a number of places where we can establish hydro electric power stations. We have one on the Bulga and there are others further north. These must be developed. RAILWAYS. The North Coast Railway must be completed. It has been too long in construction aud is a considerable loss to the country. We must link up with Grafton and Grafton with us. TAXATION. A sei- ious and vigorous attempt must be niadet o reduce taxation. In 1913 we paid 5/10 per head. In 1921 we paid £3 13s 7(1 per lioad, aud then there is another four millions to -be added to it. This kind of thing cannot So on and the ne.w Government which I hope will be formed must see that it ceases. Economy cau .and must bs practiced by abolishing either the State or Federal Income Tax Return iiud the Department. One Teluru and one Department is ample. FORESTRY. The Forestry Conunjsison is doing useful and valuable work with our forests, but it is making itself a mono paly. In my judgment private enter prise will work out our destiny better than State monopoly; and when fair royalties are fixed and proper regula tions provided, then I-lhink the men ought to be allowed to work In the forests and make the best of their labor and indusry. RETURNED SOLDIERS The slump in cattle and land values is seriousy affecting the returned sol diers. Many of them have been un able to meet their payments. The State will have to meet this position nnd shoulder the loss, otherwise the men .will leave their holdings. CO-OPERATIVE MARKETING. This must be encouraged in every way possible. Butter has fallen 2d per lb during the last 10 days, and that is probably due to the fact that we have not a complete system of co nnaraHnn Wa chniilH pnntrnl nnr nvn product until it is handed over to the retailer who passes it on to the actual consumer. Only by so doing will the fair results of his energies and en terprise be secured to the producer. UNEMPLOYMENT. W have an increasing, number o£ unemployed in our midst chiefly in Sydney. These are ajtax on the com munity and their loss of work is a detriment to us all. If industry was free from the harassing conditions this Government has imposed then we might very well look well to expan sion that will absorb the unemployed. OTHER MATTERS. I feel that it is n0 use dwelling on the past — it is only useful in so far that it may afford a guide for the future. We are interested in the for tunes of to-morrow, but yesterday is gone. Mistakes have been made by all political parties and willJje made by them in the future, and there is no use in us country people quarrelling with our natural allies in the city — without their help our political lot would be hopeless. AT THE PARTING OF THE WAYS. We are at the parting of the ways. The Slate should be going, forward in its development along those lines of liberty handed down to us by our fathers, the-suiding principle of which Is that the State should provide a fair field for all its citizens, imposing only such restrictions and regulations as are necessary for their common good aud -then leave everyone to work out his destiny according to his ability and in his own way. On the other hand we have the course set straight to wards the red communism. ? *' CONCLUSION. I feel that it is not necessary for me to say anything about myself. You all know me well, as I have worked and li-eed on the Coast for 27 years. Some say I am a lawyer and there are too many lawyers in Parliament already. There are exactly six, which is not sufficient to handle the intricate task ot legislation. I ask you to give / me your No. 1 votes if- you approve of J my candidature,- assuring you that Ifv I am elected I will do my best to make the name and people of Oxloy known and respected in Parliament. . QUESTIONS. Questions were invited, but none were asked. VOTE OF THANKS. Cr. A. Cameron moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Martin for his splen did address. He trusted that in the event of Mr. Martin being returned as one of the Members for Oxley he would use his best endeavoi-s to see that Shire Councils were better treated in the way of subsedies for roads than vfas the case at present. Aid. R. White 'seconded the vote of. thanks, which was carried by accla- . mation. Mr. Martin expressed his thanks, and said that he would like anyone who desired lo ask him a question not t0 be. afraid lo do so. Mr. George Cowan: They're fright ened you might charge them 7/6. (Laughter). Mr. Martin: Oh, no— it's only 6/8. In conclusion he said that if his personal knowledge and what ability he had were of service to the electorate and the State he would be pleased to make them available. And, should be be elected, he hoped that his conduct. WUUIU UB OUCH mat nuuiu Auviii' «. continuance of their confidence when an appeal was again made to the peo ple. He proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding. The was carried by acclamation, was responded lo, and the meeting closed. 