AUSTRALASIA Negotiations are in progress between Australia and Canada for a reciprocal tariff agreement. It is freely rumoured in Sydney that rrnnosals have been made for the estab lishment of American banks in Sydney. The Commonwealth statistician has furnished returns concerning, the rates of mortality for children under five years. The rates for 1911-20 are lower than for any country In the world, ex cept New Zealand. By arrangement with the Govern ment of New Zealand, the reciprocal trade treaty between the Dominion and .the Commonwealth of Australia will come into operation in both countries on 1st September. About 540 lienses have so far been granted by the Federal authorities for wireless installation in private homes and other places. The license fee is £2 yearly, but the Government Is propos ing to reduce it under regulations now being framed. The N.S.W. State orchestra guar antee fund has been voluntarily wound up. The balance in hand, £600 or £700 will be allocated to any new orchestra formed from the dip banded one. Air. Skalski is proceeding with the formation of a symphony orchestra and is confident of success. The existence of a secret, nassage und°T the old building oi the girls' high school in Elizabeth street, Sydney, is recalled by a former pupil. . She tells the story nf an underground prison, and . ya passage bv which prisoners, presumably, were tal*en to the court in King street, in the old days. Mr. R. G. Fincham, late general manager of the National Bank. died sud denly on Saturday, while presiding at a conf-r^nce of Progress Associations at Sassafras. Mr. Fincham, who was 65 rears of ase, had been in the service of the bank'for 43 years. His son was killed at the war. Mr. Arkins drew the attention of the Minister for Health, in the N.S.W. Assembly on Aug. 23, to statements by medical men, objecting to the use of a common cup in Sacramental services. He asked whether the Minister would take steps to have instituted a healthy practice of individual cups. The Minis ter replied that he did not purpose in terfering in the matter. An oflicial statement has been issued by the Commonwealth Government line that the sale of. wooden steamers recently recorted at £10.000 was effected at the best, offer nrocurable. The -terms conditions \v*re h»»t.t»r than those offered by any other would-be purchaser. In a report issued by the Sydney sur veyor the annual cost of city cleansing is set down .at £200,000. The average staff employed on this work is 600, and the actual cost for the half-year ended 10th July was £93,185. | The recent reference to the gratuity ' payable for service in the Imperial Army applies, only to the grant of £50 per annum authorised in November, 1919, to ! Australians in respect of service in the Imperial Army and not an additional gratuity; nor does it in any way affect soldiers who served in the air. The result of the latest decision, just published, is to extend the time for the receipt of applications to 1st October, 1922. \- The transactions of the 'savings branch of the Commonwealth Bank for the week ended . 21st August, were: Accounts cpened, 3,520 : deiosits, £709,516 • with drawals. £686.220; incmasc, £20,296; depositors' balances held. £37,966,187. At a corresponding date last year deposi tors' balances amounted to £36,257,880.1 The question of tho erection of a' war memorial at Villers Bretonneux, on the site given by the French Gov ernment, will shortly come before .the. Federal Government, It is also, pro posed to' erect a memorial at Port Said. Competitive designs have been invited for the latter memorial towards the cost of which from £1,509,to £4.500 has already been subscribed by the Australian and New Zealand troops who fought in Sinai, Palestine, and Syria. Commenting on the telegram from Sydney, stating that it had been otfici allj' announced that the H.M.A.S. Aus tralia was to be dismantled and scraped, the Minister for Defence stated on Saturday that tho Cabinet had not decided on the method by which the Australia would be rendered ineffective. Charles Warno. Smith, late of South Mor.mg, a journalist, whose bodv. was found in Plenty River on 4th June, left the residue of his estate, .worth £2,094, to St. Paul's Cathedral tower fund. He 'left some ot his household gifts to his Iandladr, and the sum of Is. to his wile, who, he stated! in his will, had ruined his life. The Premier (Sir Henry Harwell} states that a bill will be introduced to increase the salary of the Governor from £4,000 to £5,000 a year. • Sir Archibald Wei Rail gave as his reason for leaving that he was unable to maintain his position on £1,000 a year,' Air. Justice Harvey, who is in Eng land, has been operated upon for the removal of his left eye. His honour's leave will expire at tho end of the current year. He stated in cheerful letters to his relatives that he was feel ing very much relieved, and that his health was improved. The Primo Minister (Air. Hughes), paid a special visit to Bendigo on Mon day, and attended a dinner given by tlio Mayor. Responding to tho toast of the "National Parliament," Mr. Hughes said he did not think for one motaient that £1,000 was too high a salary for a member of the National Parliament of Australia. They must take a broad-minded view and bo pre pared to get the best men and not the j cheapest. Two Germans, one of whom claimed to he a fully qualified engineer, stowed away aboard the Danish motor ship Chile, when she was at Sou'rabaya, Java, hoping to get to Australia. "When the vessel was a few days out, how ever. they were discovered, and the captain, sooner than run the risk of carrying prohibited immigrants, fur nished them with supplies, and put them. ashore on one of the Dutch islands. Mr. Dowdell, the Australian manager of the Orient line, who has been on a holiday tour of the United Kingdom and Europe, is returning to Sydney by the R.M.S. Ormuz. During an inter view he said he had visited Germany with the Agent-General for Victoria Both were astounded at the industry of the German people, who were fight ing hard to regain their sost place n the trade of the world. They -were re ceiving good wages, and there was no sign of the effects of the war. In face, the war was not spoken of. and th* people seemed contented, piosperous. and whole-heartedly industrious. 