WONDERFUL LIFE OF THE EEL AN ANCIENT RIDDLE SOLVED. 'Marine zoologists havo solved at last the ancient rid J.ie of the life history of the common eel. Dr. Johs. Schmidt, a Danish zoologist, has now filled -up the iast of the gaps in the tale, and here it is. The adu.t eels — a male eel is an adult at five or six years of age, and a female ' at anything from five to twenty — from the -rivers, lakes and ponds of Europe set out seawards in autumn and winter, resting by day and traveling by night, especially onmoon less nights. They probably go about ten mi.es a night. Reaching the open sea they never return. But we. know what becomes of them now. Their p'ace of honeymoon and nursery is a limited .tract of the North Atlantic, about 2500 mi.es south-west of lingland and 500 mi.es north- east of the Leeward Js.ands. There the larvae of the eel u*u born in spring and early summer, apparently between 700 and 1000ft be low the surface. As they grow during that first summer they move up towards the surface. Next summer the one-year old infants are found in the centre of_, the , Atlantic, some impmse ' urging . them north-eastward towards Europe. The summer after that they are off the coasts of Europe. For the ten months ? following this third midsummer of their ', lives the larvae, now developing into elvers, seem to take no food at all. It is a period of some strain, for they have to make their way up the rivers, . then up their tributaries, and so — many ?? of them—into remotest inland pools, and ; at the same time they have to change their gear, as it were, from that of sea life to that of the fresh water. How ever, the stout creatures manage some how to live on their fat. By 'the fol lowing April they are smaller than they were, but they have arrived. .Xa^add an extra marvel to this three yetoP-Odyssey of the baby eel,, he comes from a breeding area used also by a a'ighfy different species, the American eel. The larvae of the two species are found together, and are sometimes talcen in the same net. Yet no Ameri can larva, as far as is known, makes for Europe and no European larva, for America. Dr. Schmidt discovered why, by following both crowds of larvae up. The American kind, he found, com pletes its larval stage in one year — just long enough for it to reach the Ameri can coast before its constitution begins to cry out for fresh water and fresh water things. So if it made for Eur ope it would, at the end of the first year, of the journey, be cast away, in mid-Atlantic like a wrecked, mariner, with water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink. If, on the other hand a. larva, with European pedigree struck out for America it .would have to hang about off the American coast, like a quarantined ship, 'for two years until its organism was 'qua'ified' to go up a river. Either would ' perish. One stands amazed and awed at the perfect certitude of instinct which propels each kincl of eel, uriguided by any accom panying parent, along the proper route of- its own pilgrimage. 'But amazement grows- deeper, if possible, in presence, of the apparent enormity of Nature ?s exaction of effort both from the emi grant parents and from the immigrant young. What, one wonders, can the physical circumstances of the world have been which evolved for the slug gish- looking creature that we see lying motionless on the mud, under clear ice conditions of racial continuance bo much more exorbitant than those im posed even upon migratory birds. Those who in early youth have stooped to the basecess of laying night-lines for ee's may remember with' some compunction the stony fortitude with which the hooked eel would wind himself tightly round the base of the stout water lily stems to resist the tearing haul of tho line. ? They heed resolutions these eels 