State Parliament. Organising Primary Industries " Lot of Make Believe." Tlio Legislative -Assembly mot yes terday afternoon. . " . . THE AMERICAN LOAN. . i \- Tho TREASURER (Hon." E. G. Theo dora) explained, In reply to Mr W. H. Barnes (N.), that tlio Queensland . Infln wflfl n. dollar issue at. the rate of 0 per cent, with a currency of 25 years. : The price of Issue was 90. As a sink ing fund a sum of 60,000 dollars was "to be'-. sot . asldo each half year during . the currency- of the loan for tho pur chase of bonds of tho Issuo on tho opon" market at a -price not exceeding par. Any portion of tho sinking fund not oxperdefl during any six months would bo invested at tlio option of tho Government In bonds of the issue or ' any other issuo of tho Stato of Queensland or Commonwealth, . with out restriction as to price. Tho cost" of tho loan for underwriting charges, brokerage, &c.;, was four dollars per cont. As with tho previous American loan, tho Government mado a largo profit on tho conversion of tho dollars lntARTr UNIONS AND RAFFLES. Mr. J. S. Korr (N.) aslced a series of questions of the Attorney-General In reBpoct to art unions, rafflos, fairs, and totallsators. Mr. MULLAN stated that 432 applications for art unions wore granted during the 12 months ' ondod 30th June; 1922, and 07 . Of art unions and rallies comblncd, 79 applications /were grantod nn l Y re , fused. In tho metropolitan s ea, 222 liorseraco meetings were held during that vear, and 178 for the year ended 30th June. 1918. Permits were granted for the conduct of art unions, raffles, and guessing competitions at certain . r.camlvals, on condition that .p$or '1 ceeds would bo devoted to f unds wr S"0ana KCCB''LrourYeae, and the Tweed Heads and Coolangatta. two Savers. Ho had.no reason; to V believe tjiat tho proceeds wore , not so allocated. . . YEAR'S LAND REVENUE. Tho MINISTER FOR LANDS (Hon. ' J. I-I. Coyno) stated, In reply to Mr. w. \ Bebblngton (C.P.), that tho lan d r e- NVenuo for tlio year ended 30th Ju"®- 1922, was £1,515.634. . There was no export tax on timber, but a charge was made for supervision of _pmo logs exported. Tho amount collected under this head was £310. R®n3 c | and unpaid" on 20th' June, 1922, were: Selections, £105;560j pastoral holdings. " £4,900;- oeeupation licenses, £7,iss, niaklng.,a .total of £117,045. LOANS FOR BUILDINGS. Tho MINISTER FOR WORKS (tho Hon. W. Forgan Smith) stated. In ' reply to Mr. E. B. Swayne (C.P.), that tho amount spent from tlio loan ac count sinco 1st July, 1015, had been (In sovon years) as follows: School buildings, £318,390; other buildings, apart from railways, £970,390; making a total of £1,294,611. "LAND DUMMYING CASE." The MINISTER FOR LANDS slated, in reply to Mr. Bulcock (L.), that there was a suspected land dummying caso in the Blackall district. The Land Commissioner, two land rangers, and a clerk In tho head oflleo. wore concerned in the investigation. It had been decided to tako no further action. There had boon two successful "show cause" oases during tho last two yenrs — one in tho Blackall district, and one In tho Barcaldino' district. - In each ease forfeiture of the selection was declared. All Land Commissioners and land tangors 'had' bee'tl Instructed to investigate" thoroughly, any cases whore dummying was suspected. RAILWAY CONSTRUCTION. Tho MINISTER FOR RAILWAYS (the Hon. J. Larcombe) stated, In reply lo Mr. Swayno (C.P.), . that the loan money spent through his de partment on railway construction since .1st -July, 1915, was approximately £5,643,000 (to 30th Juno, 1922). TRADES UNION CONGRESS. Tho CHIEF SECRETARY (Mr. Theodorey, replying to Mr. W. J. Vowles (C.P.), stated that ho was aware that tho All-Australian Trades Union Congress, held In Melbourno In June of this year, had reafllrmed tlio objective of tho A.L.P. passed at the Interstate Labour Conferenco hold in Brisbane last October— namely : "Tho socialisation of tho moans of produc tion, distribution, and oxohango." Ho considered that tho Government's pre sent schome of organisation of primary producers ior tlio purpose oil giving assistance lo them in their farming operations and oo-oporatlve enter prises could bo carried out. FREIGHTS ON CATTLE. The MINISTER FOR RAILWAYS told Mr. G. Morgan (C.P.) that It would tako somo tlmo to prepare figures in respect to tho freight on cattlo and tho number of cattle con voyed during tho year ended June, 1922. NO ADJOURNMENT. Mr. A, C. ELPHINSTONE (C.P.) drew attention to the meeting of public servants then about to be hold, and asked if tho Premier ' would adjourn the- House in order that members might have; an oppprtunlty of attend ing It - . Mr; .THEODORE said, lio had no objeotlop to members of tho Opposi tion absenting themselves lo be pro- sent. . - \- EMBARGO 0N IMMIGRANTS Mr. J.' C. PETERSON (C.P.) asked, the Premier ,if It was truo that an embargo had been placed by tho Queensland Government against nllen settlement. Tho member read a letter tinted March 9, 1921, which was to- tho effect that tho , Queensland Govern ment recognised' tho valuf as future cltlzops of Danish farmers with capital and that ho would consider any pro- gMMMMMBMBKnBnnBnBB poual tli.it would lead to tiio suttlemont of such fiirmera — jirovitlod they were possessed of, say, not less tliun £700 each. Mr. THEODORE said the State Gov ernment had no power lo Impose any embargo, nor had it any power to ex clude immigrants. xnc granting of usslstnnco canto under tho Common wealth laws, "which provided for pre ference- lor Britishers, "which," ho udded, "the hon. member seems to ob ject to."- MIL FIHELLY'S APPOINTMENT. Tlio PREMIER stated, in reply, to Mr. E. H. Clayton (C.P.), that the in formation giving the total expenditure consequent upon the appointment of nil-, j. A. riiieiiy to tap position o£ Agent-General would bo given to the House, at "the proper time. Tho CHIEF SECRETARY (Mr. Theodore.), replying to Mr. J. I1'. Max well (NO, suited that It was- not udvisablo to lay on the table the papers dealing with the . resignation, de flation, or otherwise of tno cx-Agent- Gencrnl (Mr. J. M. Huiiter), and tho appointment of Mr. J. A. Fihelly as Agent-General. Questions relating to Mr. « Flhelly's appointment could be dealt with when tho estimates affect ing that department wero under con sideration. i TRAMWAY BILL. ' Tho HOME SECRETARY (tlio Hon. W. McCormack), gave notice that," .on Tuesday next, ho would Introduce a bill, tjoallng with the acqbisitlpn, con struction, management, and working pf tho Brisbane tramways. MOTIONS FOR PAPERS. Mr. ' . . FLETCHER (Country party) moved, — "That llioro bo laid upon the table of tlio House a return showing (1) tho total amount of retrospective' rents ' col lected from till sources during . lust financial year ; (2) the number ot pei;-. sons or companies who received ex tension of time to pay retrospective rents, anil the total amount ot saino ; (3) the total amount of retrospoellvo rents yet to .bo. collected." Mr. CLAYTON (Country party) moved,— "That there bo laid upon the table of tho House a return showing (1) tho number of employees in- all branches of the Government servico whose services havo beon. . dispensed with (other than for . .'disciplinary, roa&ms;) since 1st January, 1921, show ing tho number in: each department ; .(2). the total saving. effected .by 'tho action of tho Government in reducing the -number of its cwployoes ; (3) tho number of employees affected by any scheme of pooling of work, nnd tlio saving effected during the past finan cial year by all such schemes." LAND TAX ACT. ' Mr. THEODORE moved,— "That, the ' House will/ at "Its next sitting, resolve ltsolf into a committee' of tho whole, to ' consider the desirableness of In troducing a bill "to. amend tho. Land Tax Acts ""in : certain, particulars." Mr. VOWLES (C.P,) ; said that while theyi 'Svero '.'agreed : 'with '"'the. Premier that' the Land Tax Act required amend ment, they did not Wish tho House to agree to the words In tho motion. "Iri certain particulars/' Ho wanted an opportunity of having a general debate on tho Act. If they let that motion go they would bo limited to the particulars which tho Premier submitted. I-Io therefore moved thp elimination of the words. "In certain particulars." v Tho SPEAKER ruled that that was not tho. stago at which to launch an, amendment, . and assured Mr. Vowles that lie would havo an opportunity of moving the amendment, when ttho bill was introduced. ORGANISING PRIMARY ' PRODUCERS. The TIouso wont Into committeo to consider tlio desirableness of Intro ducing a bill to'pfomolo tlio agricul tural and "rural industries by tlio organ ising of primary ' producers of Queens land in a completely unfiled national organisation and .for other incidental purposes. ... The MINISTER FOR AGRICUL TURE (Hon. W. N. Gillies) said tho title of tbe bill set out its motives. Ho was sure that ovory member of the IIouso recognised tho need for assist ing the ruritl community, Tho Govern ment desired, that tho primary pro ducers should bo sufficiently organised, so ; that . they' would be ablo to . place their views before Governments, and to carry out financial and other schemes la their own in terests. Tho need for organising mtfr- kots, and of : dealing effectively with' gluts and shortages was sufficient justl- ; lication for something being dono to. organise tlio rural community into a solid, unified, non party body. Statesmen throughout tlio world, and particularly in America, had rccog- nlset) how necessary it was to bring about order in the rural Industries, It was tho duty of tho Government and tho nation to assise tho farmers in this matter. That was tho very step whereby thoy wished to bring about tlio emancipation' of .tlio ' rural com munity, Tlio bill sought to leagallso wlint already had been done, tnd to give the Council of Agicultural iijgal,. as well as financial ' backing. ' ;Tho Minister proceeded lo outline tho- provi sions of the measure, 'along tho linos4 which already havo boon published from time to time. He stated that Govern ment nominees on the Executive Council would bo experts,, and. tlio Minister, toy tliq tlmo being, would bo chairman. No matter what Govern ment was in power, ,tho scheme would go on. (Hear, hear.) ' Mr. "VOWLES (C.P.) asked' If It was not'pooullar that tho.Governmont, after scvgu years of office, was only now interacting Itself in the needs of "the primary producers. Government member : What about your SO years ? : Wly- 1 am not yot noyears old. (Laughter.) It was pecu liar, he said, that the Government was only, now becoming allvo to tho in terests of that section which thoy had hitherto been treating so harshly. Tho Government, It appeared to him, was dangling a bunch of carrots be- ,, ? — farmers, In order to secure their support at tho next appeal to the people. Tho Government had, robbed tho farmers in the past. A Government membor : Tlmt Is not true. \ Mr BEBBINGTON (Country party) : It is true. ' M /' VOWLES said tlmt the very basis of tho Scheme put forward by. tho Government liud been put before "tlic ilopso by tho hon. member who had Interjected . A Gdb'eriiment member : Do vou favour the scliemo V Mr.. -VOWLES : I am in favour o£ the scheme, provided It Is a bona-lldo schome. Tlio bill is simply the win dow dressing of tlio Government In its last session. A Government member: Who 'said it 1h the last session ? „r. VOWLES : I venture to say It A Government member : You are a bad prophet'. Sir. VOWLES said iio believed there was a, lot of inuko-bolievo about this proposal. Tho scheme was similar to that which had been under conside ration by tlio Farmers' Unions on tlio Downs. Tho Opposition proposed to assist to put tho schcmo through, to improvo it, and to ask tho farmers, tit tho next election, to return tho party which would put it into practice. The timo allowed tifidcr tlio- now standing orders, tor tho committeo stago had expired before Mr. Vowles had finished speaking, and progress was reported. ADDRESS IN REPLY. Sir. G. POLLOCK (Labour) termed llio speech delivered by Mr. Elphin- stono a "tissuo of generalities." Re- foiTing to Mr. lijlpbinstono's remarks about tho provalonco of unemployment in Queensland, ho observed that no other State hud dono so much for the unemployed as tho Queensland Gov ernment liud done, The Government was maintaining a Inrgo number of men who wero rendered unemployed In other Slates of tlio Commonwealth, Referring to Mr. Elphlnsiono's attack on tho Government for lis conduct ot tlio Golden Casket, Mr. Pollock said tho constituents whom lie represented would ru titer have the Golden Caskets, operated by tho (JiieouHluud Govern- meiii. (linn they would see Us aboli tion and Tatlersall's of 'I'asinana por- inillod lo carry on as previously. Air. \y. 11. BARNES (N.): No two Is advocating thai. Mr. POLLOCK pointed out that tho hospitals throughout Queensland wore being benefited by tliu Golden Casket, and, hi Ills opinion, tlio money' wus being well and wisely distributed. Under llio circumstances, lie considered (lie policy of the Government was both permissllilo ami laudable. Ho claimed that tlio Government hod boon more considerate lo tliu graziers and farmers of Queensland In the matter of .railway frolghlH and oilier concessions, than any oilier Government in Australia. Tlio Queensland rales were fls. lid. jier head per 100 miles on slock for slaughter, while lite figures Cor tlio oilier Slates were: Now South Wales, ills, lid.; Victoria, lis. Id.; South Australia, 10s. 9d,; West Australia, 12s. (id.: and South Africa, Ss. 2d. In \- Queensland, tlio average rates for sheep for slaughter were 8d, per head per 109 miles, wliilo In Now South Wales the ehnrgo was Is. Id.: in Vle- 'lorla is. Id,; South Australia, llid.; .West Australia, Is.) ami Soulh Africa, Is. 2d. Queensland granted tho lowest freight on all oilier agricultural pro- | duco, despite tho fact that In Queens- land they wero paying1 higher wag£s, I giving shorter hours, and had a longer service, than In any other State. | Air. AlOORE: And you have, the big gest loss. " I COMMUNITY'S SQUEAL. Mr.'Fl L. NOTT (C.P.) reminded .the | Government ot Its expressed intention, some years ago, of. making the pas- i torallsls squeal. Ho behoved that they had heen very successful in that . object; in. fact, tlio pastoi'nllstH wore 1 not alone in their squealing. The dairy men would not readily forget tiio way I tlio Government nad commandeered their butter at lower prices than could | ho obtained elsewhere, and how the price fixer had fixed a lower price for i their produce than that which was rul- 1 ing oycrscas. In Introducing the measure . to provide for the organising of tho I primary industries, lie expressed the view that the Government was ratting 1 on Its principles. Tho farmers would bo suspicious of tho Government's policy until thoy saw it being carried Into effect. Referring to tho Culture of cotton, Mr. Nott urged the Govern ment not to extend too widely tho cot ton growing areas, uhless it could first glvo the farmers a guarantee that the price would bo maintained,. Ho con sidered that If tho Government en deavoured to make the railways pay; by increasing freights, the amount of traffic would fall off lo such a degree that the loss would - be greater than over. , "CHASING A MYTH." Air. J. S. KERR (N.) said tho National party wus not chasing myths. They had something sound on which to build. On tho other hand, the Labour party was chasing something which the community did not' want. Queensland to-day was not getting the sumo return for loan money ex-"" p ended as was tho case in 1914. The £145,000 spent on the reduction of deficits should have boon devoted to the reduction of the public dfebt. For propa ganda purposes the Government had whittled down Us throa years deficits from £834,933 to £436,000 by. treasury bills, and. the £145,000 referred to. Under existing conditions unemployment was aggravated by conflnlncr workers to specific trades. The right to work was denied to many men through tho neglect of the Government to legislate on tlie lines laid down in practically every other part of tlio world. Mr. KIR\VAN (Labour) : . What is your remedy ? Mr. ICERR said the remedy was -the relaxing of taxation, and hon-Interfer- enco with private enterprise in the prosecution of Industries. There was no indication In tho' Governor's speech of any intention on the part of the Gov ernment -to attempt to ameliorate tho unfortunate conditions to which he hud referred. , Mr. F. A. COOPED (Labour) once more pressed the Government to do something In regard ' to . opening tho doors of tho IpswieW railway workshops to apprentices. Jl© ironically congratu- ?!e OPPositlon upon its apparent solidarity, and with considerable detail, gave what lie declared was the history of the origin of tho Prolbst'ant Labour Council in- Brisbane: vou'r'rSf (N? : You Imvo given youi caucus secrets away and now you are giving away the other side. (Op- position laughter.) ob-mva!'./ COOPER ctuted that the Pretia??"0" .referred lb was neither Protestant nor Labour. Mr SiEER (Nationalist) described iif" ' - f CoPet"s speech, as most disgraceful. Mr. Cooper had failed to connect the organisation, which he had mentioned, with the Opposition. . He (Mr. Sizer) was pleased to notice the absence of any manifestations of ap-. proja! of the speech .from the Ministerial bench 1 Turning to the Governor's speech, the ' speaker said there - was. ;no. . further ' . con cern on ' the part of the Government I the Emancipation of f|e workers, hut there liad 'sprung tip instead a new found love for tho farmers. He would leavg It to tho workers to -say whether or not thoy had been 'emancipated. The arbitration system had not satisfied euhec cmployers-or Clnployeos, nor had tho State enterprises proved satisfac tory. While the Government now was professing to be the friend of the farmer, last year It imposed taxation aggregating £400,000 oh that class of producer. IMr. W. COOPER (Labour)': That is a deliberate lie. .. Mr. SIZER said one butter factory alone lost £3,000 through tho Interfcr- Toiioo of tlic State Government. Mr. W. COOPER: That Is not true. Mr. SIZER hoped tho farmers' would gauge the Government's promises to them . by their performances in the- workers' interests. Tlio Government's professions towards the farmers were merely a deathbed -repentance. Ho advised -the . farmers, In tho dying hours of the present Govarnmont's oxlstenco, to endeavour to recoup themselves for somo of the losses which thoy Had suffered' at the hands of those who now professed to be their friends. Tho Government's agricul tural and Industrial policies wero lrre- qconcllablo. Mr. A. J. JONES (Labour) : If there Is industrial clmos, why not suggest a remedy? , ' Mr. SIZER considered the solution lay- in round-table conferences of reasonable representatives of capital and labour. Mr. W. COOPER (Labour) clatmod .that- while the State Government con trolled butter prices the Queensland producers received the hlghost price in Australia. Cotton growers had re ceived £61,000 from the. Government. Tho man on tho land was the lightest taxed of all landowners. The Govern ment might have liquidated its deficits by land alienation. "IN . BAD HANDS." Mr. WARREN (Country party) re-, gut-ded the omissions from the Govern ment's sessional programme as moro significant than the inclusions. Ha charged tho Government with insin cerity in regard to the man on the land. The fruit grewers wore prepared to submit to anwrchard tax rather. than come under a communistic Gov ernment's control. But it was apparent that the Government's primary object was to undermine tho producers' poli tical organisations. Tho scheme, which svas tho .only- item of importance In tlio Governor's spoccli, was in bad hands. ' An offer of £2,500 lin.d heen \- made as an inducement to the fruit growers to participate. Mr. BEBBINGTON (Country party) : Bribery! Shame! Shamo! Tho DEPUTY SPEAKER (Mr. Kir- wan) quoted from May to show that, the uso of the word "shame" In that' way was unparliamentary. Mr. WARREN, condemning the gambling evil which ho said, was fostered by the Government, expressed astonishment at religious men sitting behind the Government supporting such a system. Mr. iBEBBINGTON (Country partvl asked the Government to explain the £2,500 offer to which Mr; Warren lrnd roforred. Tlio Government hold out communism lit ono hand and a private production policy in tho other. No doubt It realised .that tho greater production there was tho more there 'would bo for the communists to take ovor. (Laugh- tor.) His ( tho spoakor's) party pinned Us faith to private enterprise under which honest, industrious, and capablo workers would have ample opportuni ties to evolve Into shareholders. Ths Premier had shown signs of repentance, but tlio Government still wits Impeni tent. Ilo therefore urged Air. Theo dore to come over Into it moro congenial atmosphere, (Laughter.) Ho quoted from "Hansard" to show that the Gov ernment was more concerned about cheap produce than with allving wage for the farmer, and also charged It with having made a mistake In appointing a pressman Instead of a practical man to tho Wheat Board. He concluded with a further chullonge to tho Arinlster for Agriculture to explain tho £2,500 offer. Air. FORDK secured tho adjournment of the debate, and the House, at 10.31) p.ui, rose till Tuesday. 