" ''-MEN AND WOMEN Personal Paragraphs Mrs. Codric Howarth, wife of C. S. Howurtli, of the Grcnfell "Record." died last night. Governor Evans will leave Pago Pago for 'Frisco by the Bonoma on her next voyage. . Mr. and -Mrs. Ralph Erroilo aro leav ing for Honolulu on tho Bonomu's next trip. Mr, A. Saunders, of the Sydney firm of Jewollors, accompanied by his wife. Will leave for Hopululu uy the BonQtna on- March ti. During the last few (lays, tho health Pf Mr. Justice Bring, who Is still in private hospital at Loura, lias shown Slight improvement. The Chief Justice (Sir William Cul- len) resumed his judicial duties to-day. Ho sat as a member of the Full Court, Sir William and Lady Cullcn spent the law vacation in Tasmania. Having spgiit the law vacation in Tasmania. Sir. Canaway, K.C., wile lias becii mentioned as a Deputy justice of the new Land and Valuation Court, hat: returned to the city. When Mr. Ove Lunn. tlie-iiew Consul- Gonernl of Denmurk for Australia and N.55. arrived in Sydney by the Ullniafoa to-day. lie denied the rumor that lie was here on a special mission— to In quire whether Danish sottlors would bo suitable immigrants. x Mr. Walter S. Thompson, tno "father" of tho Unitod Laborers' Union, who is one of the solected Labor candi dates for tho Wollindllly electorate, wus the union's Irst paid secretary. During the groat maritime striko in 1800 lie advocated entry into tho poli tical arena, wllli tho object of avortihg what lie termed "disastrous strikes." The rumor circulated in Bar circles Ihot Mr. Sidney Mack, K.C., tvas to be approached by tho Government to fill the position of Deputy Justice of the new Land und Valuation Court is dis missed by him as idle and without foun dation. The rumor gained circulation owing to the fact that at the felicita tions to Mr. Justice Pike last wook, Mr. Mack joined in the congratulations In open court.. Tho reason he did eo, Mr. Mack explains, was his life-long friendship with the new judge. Born at Shoalhaven, N.S.W., In 1862. Mr. P. H. Morton, a son of the lato Henry Gordon Morton, completed his 60th year this month. A stauneh freo- trador and supporter of the late Sir Henry. Pnrkos, he was elected M.L.A. for_ Shoalhaven in 1380, 1S91, 1891 and 18S5. Mr. Morton was a well-known breeder of blood horses and stud dairy cattle. Ho was ono of tho executlvo committee of 13 In connection with the sending of the Australian- bushmon to the Boer War in 1990. 1 Mr, R. O. Blackmail, of Sydney, has just received a letter from Sir Arthur Plnero, the famous English playwright, stating that he is sending to him a privately published copy of his latest play, "The Freak," which the author describes a3 "An Idyll of Suburbia." Since Mr. Blackman went to America over three years ago with a bunch of his own plays, Sir Arthur Pinoro has been much interested in his work. The letter to Mr. Blackman refutes any idea as to Sir Arthur having contemplated retirement from play-writing. When the late Sir George Reld, ICC., practised at the Bar of Now South Wales, the dexterous mannor in which he adjusted his monocle en hanced his facetiousness. Another legal wit, Dr. Brissenden, sports an eyeglass, and up to a few days ago not, any of the ISO odd bnrristors at the New South Wales Bar had endeavored to emulate him. But a rival has ap peared; Mr. Sidney Mack, K.C., who is only a little over tho border line of 50, 1ms procured a monocle, and is assiduously practising tho art of ad- lUStment. Tim wnn Pin n- nf MAnnxUB 'by members of the Inner Bar is un affected by statute or common Jaw. Twonty- throo years ago William Lygon, Seventh Earl Boauchimp, was sent from England as Governor of Now South Wales. I-Io created much inter est and invited considorablo criticism by his initial act of wiring from West Australia to Sydney Kipling's lino: "Lo, but my birtlistain I havo turnod to good." Later, his action In divid ing tho guests at Government' House Into "Pure Merinos" and "second- clips" by means of pink and white tic kets, aroused further fierce comment. Ho was then only 27 years of- age, having been born in 1872 To- day he Is 50. During the two years of his- Governorship lie was the honor ary colonel of tho 3rd and 6th Austra lian Light Horse Roglments. Shortly- after his return to England he married Lady Lottico Elisabeth Grosvenor. daughter of tho lato Earl Grosvcnor, and sister of the second Duke of West minster. His hoir is Viscount Elmley. 