NEWS SUMMARY. The death has occurred of His Holiness Pope Benedict XV. a ¦ .- ' 2 Mr. Lloyd George, speaking to a confer- erica of Coalition Liberals in London, sug ? gested that, the time was opportune for the formation of a new organisation. Charged with the murder of Alma Tirt Lehrke, Colin C. Ross appeared at the City Court. on. Saturday, and was remanded. He will appear at the Coroner's Court on Wed ' nesday. Bail was refused. The Premier of Ulster and Mr. Michael Collins have reached an agreement on qu<rs Went at issue between Ulster and Southern Ireland. ; Sir John Monash states that America has no experts capable of taking the places of the Germans for whom the State Ministry desires admittance for the erection of the Morwell briquetting plant. From an investigation made by Mr. T. B Merry, the Australian delegate to the International Labour Conference at Geneva, He is satisfied that the Australian, worker has nothing to fear from immigrants. The High Commissioner (Sir Joseph Cook) ¦ has been asked to represent Australia at the Genoa Economic Conference, U is desired by the Prime Minister of France that the Anglo-French pact should follow the settlement of all questions pend- ing between Great Britain and France. Three men were drowned yesterday in a dam at Moyarra, -near Korumburra. A recommendation to abandon measures against extremists in India, was negatived in the Indian Legislative Assembly. His Excellency the Governor-General won his third yacht race in Victoria on Saturday with'Yeulba. Five persons perished in a disastrous fire, at Glasgow, The damage is estimated at £500,000., Manufacturers are in favour of admitting the. six German exports who are required to supervise the erection of the briquetting plant at Morwell. It is reported that the worst forms of slavery are rampant in the capital of Abys- since.! A correspondent of the "Westminster Gazette" states that he saw a convoy of 10,000 slaves. '22 There is a keen demand for wool in England by both home and foreign buyers. Stocks of merino, wool in America are very low. ,' he's,' , ; Following a hot day, with a maximum shade temperature of 190.6 degrees, a cool change came yesterday afternoon. The Far Eastern Committee artho Washington Conference has adopted a resolution providing for the listing of secret treaties regarding China. The committee urges the disbandment of certain military forces in China. A huge racing swindle has been revealed in London, lt is stated that people were induced to subscribe' ''3.000,000. It is suggested that the New South Wales elections will be held early in March. ? Many grass fires were carried in the suburbs by the heat on Saturday and Sunday. There were several fires among the tea- tree on the Port Phillip foreshore. The Federal Ministry was not consulted before the Postal department decided not to accept letters addressed care of a post office unless the full name of the addressee ?«rere'gi-.cn. 8 .; Australian holders of concessions in China are requested to notify the Prime Minister (Mr. Hughes) of the extent and nature of their interests. The interstate conference of the National Council of Women' affirmed the principle of the endowment of motherhood in necessitous cases. ''was ? ? Twenty-seven nominations have been received for the Labour pre-selection for the Yarra seat in the House of Representatives. The Danish ship. Kobenhavn, the second largest vessel of its kind, is on a voyage to Melbourne..-.,. A deputation is to urge the City Council to have the memorials of John Batman and a limited number of pioneers transferred from the old cemetery to the Flag- staff Hill. ' "? . ? "Harry" Stone, lightweight champion of Australia, defeated the Californian boxer, 'Tommy" O'Brien, at the Stadium. Three' charges of shopbreaking in the city were laid against a young man who was arrested on Saturday. For having assaulted a woman in Bourke street a man was sentenced to one month's imprisonment. 't- i By care in the selection of the now secretary to the Neglected, Children's department the State Ministry hopes to considerably improve the status and influence of the department. by Members of the State Parliament are im- patient at the delay in announcing the allocation of the annual charities vote and the distribution of the Parliamentary grant for new State schools. -.-. ? ¦'¦'¦* Ilse ¦ Commonwealth steamer Moreton Bay will be repaired, and will be ready to leave. Sydney on January 28 and Melbourne on jropruaiy-.l. arriving in London on March 18. Foreign exchanges have become steadier since the close of the Cannes conference. A new log has been framed by the Manufacturing Grocers' Union, which claims £0 as the minimum wage for adult males. New Zealand public servants are protesting against the proposal to reduce their salaries. Frozen mutton and lamb were in active demand in London, and prices are harden- ing.' ". \- On the London Stock Exchange there is a strong demand for investment stocks and shares.;' ?','-?'-' Y's?' men's" _ George Cook, the Australian boxer it London, is to box "Joe" Beckett.' Several of the witnesses for the prosecution in the second trial or Roscoe Arbuckle -are suffering from forgetfulness. Figures made available in London show that Argentina meat is being sold innings quantities in Britain. As woman suffering" from mental, dis murders escaped from a private hospital at Brighton yesterday, and was found drowned. Thirty people were injured in a tram near sent at 'Randwick, Sydney. , ¦ _ Elsternwick and Brighton are now corps] HW Place. 'in the Sub-District Cricket Premiership, Camberwell is third. Fears are entertained of a mouse plague developing in New South Wales., . vJI?L0'?*"EmpCi*?rx1S'*r* wins seen warned by the Powers that if further attempts are v "iS enters the Hungarian monarchy, be will be exiled to a remote island. - ¦ jJ^'-'-.Slk"--? beef left by an Arctic expedition 100 years ago have been opened. The meat was sweet and good. -A. motor-car and an electric tram collided at Prahran. One man was injured. a , fl%'<?;nB^?db<i*it' defeated G. E. Thurs field. (South Africa)- in match cycle races. Collingwood beat Fitzroy in -the cricket premiership. The batting of- Brown (Collingwood), the bowling of Hartkopf (North. cote), and the fielding of Ransford (Melbourne) were features of Saturday's artist? Page. The Turf -- .. of Caulfield Races... .-. ..-.. ll , Cricket ? .......... ... to ? Bowls.-..- of. 5 Women's Sports. 5 Rifle' Shooting' .......... 8 Amateur Athletics .... ..... 12 Cycling -and .. .-. .. 12 The Pulpit :. ...:.. ........ 9 Music and Drama ..... ...... 4 Miling .... .... .- 4 Commercial .... ........ 5 . Hams of Interest .... ...... 8 Country News ... ...'...?.. -8 , sleeping and Weather .. 0 