NOTES AND G0KN7S ON MS1TERS TOPICAL I'Torth I^erth is no longer normal. It has again ceased taking water with. it. * t- » « ^ The black swans have deserted . the Swan since the tanks have made it od,or escent of Footscray. Our water supply ser?ic^ i3 perfect, our Burs-wood sewage system would fill Ro Scr and Gallet with .envy if they lcnew of it, and the administration of our Btate enterprises is perfect. If you don't be lieve these statements, ask the Minister for Works, Mr. W. J. George. Victorian women are laffgin^1 behind fcheir Westralian .sisters in the legislative instinct. A candidate for the Yarra con stituency who addressed his election mani festo to. the 'Dear GMies of Yarra '-only secured 127 votes in a poll of 16,116. ( .Dr. Mannix has broken his Ions: silence. Speaking at, Queensclift about 'the action of Melbourne City Council in forbid ding a street procession on St. Pat rick's Day, he said he had no misgivings on the outcome, and 'Time would .tell. ' The Dr. Mannix we knew not so Ions ago would not have waited on Time; he would have done all tho telling himself, and' done it in vigorous language, too. * » a * - . James Houghton Berry, a onc-timo .Mel bourne stockbroker, who has been sen tenced to six months' imprisonment for larceny, should now be an authority on blue metal quotations, ' ? ?' « 9 ' a »? Mr. Dooley, the New South Wales Pre mier, is a richer humorist thaa toe Amer ican 'Mr. Dooley.' Already millions be hind in the State finances, he proposes 'to spend handfuls of millions upon works for the unemployed* sop3 for specialists, en dowments for motherhood, as well i as other baits for the balloters, and yet con trive to get round on his budget and square on the State's ledger. If he can put 'his manifesto over the electors he is a hypno tist 'our Sbaf tesbury Theatre might safely hire- for a month's spell-bindincr. * » ? , » ? Mr. 'Harry Griffiths, ex M.LJL for York, has a plentiful supply of note paper, pens, and red, black, blue, green and. purple inks, but he will never be up to' date and up to time until.: he buys himself a cal endar and a Big Ben. A sijm of the times. Tb.e Minister for. Customs says, he has no objection to the Housewives' Associations being represent ed on the Sugar Conference. The women have \jotes and are organising to force a reduction in the price of sugar. The Min ist'er docs not want to lose the' sweets of office if he can avoid it. ?«?'*..» ? Thirteen Labor candidates are rushing the chance to fill the vacancy in the Queensland Labor Parliamentary party caused by the translation of Mr. Fihelly to the Agent-Qeneralship. An appropriate. njimber, 13! '.'?...?♦? a ? * ? * The returned soldiers opened their co operative business in, Perth to-day. After their experiences with some 'benevolent' canteens at the ??front'ihey ought to be adepts in business. , j . ? ? . '* ? e * ? ? ' . After shooting a fellow countryman, Stephen; Mojga, of Cairns, a Russian, kill ed himself 'to save trouble.' Lenin. Trotsky, and other Russian tragedy work ers, haven't anything like Mor^a's codsy deration for the community. ' . ?? * » » ? ? Kid Lewis knocked oat Tom Gmmner at Brighton ia 135 seconds. Evidently Guni mer had no teeth. ;.'.'? ?»?»».?:. Mi\ George W. Stead has been appoint ed Royal Commisvioner to inquire into and report upon the State Government rail y/ays. It was of course, the only possible appointment. If it is intended to last un til means are found. . for, licking^ the rail wavs into shape, it , is a steady .iob. :.?? '' , ? ? . ? . ???».?;???' ? . / , ? In the same , week one Pope has been in stalled al: headquarters, ? and another shunted, temporarily, on to a side track. We haven't heard anything about Princess Mary's trousseau this week. Des pite, the- handicap: of a mouthful of pins at the fitting, perhaps, the Viscount has been able to blurt out orders for silence. The council of the Royal Agricultural Society has determined' to continue the 2s charge at the Royal Show, and says the, fierce public protest raised last Year .?.,.?' ' not that the people really objected but because the 100 per cent, increase had been suddenly sprung upon them. Too true. .. We only kjck once. After that we durably resign ourselves to extortion. We take so much out of our selves earning the monev we get that we haven't energy enough left to kick when we find ourselves exploited iu the charges. a s v» « . Sunday 'thirsts' wha have to .tram, ?train, or' walk five miles for a drink and then find the week-day price raised on them will envy certain European travel lers whose experience is tola fay a Swiss. While/, in the dining car of a toiin pass ing through Yorarlberg (Tirol) he ordered a bottle 'of wine costing 500 crowns. Oh .his arrival at the Swiss station of St. Marsrrethen he returned the empty bot tle to the buii'et, receiving 50 centimes, which to-day represents 700 crowns. He thus got his drink free and obtained 200 crowns Change. (The Austrian crown, nor mally, worth' 10d, is now equivalent to l-50th of a penny.) ? . ? . Sydney and Melbourne arc now fighting each other through their newspapers for the laurel crown 'of morality. Melbourne ban*ackers:. assert that Sydney is by iar the more -wicked city, and to support the assertion talcs are told which make, tho N.S.W. capital out to be something of a Gomorrah, if- not worse. The Sydneysul ers retaliate with counter-charges of exter nal smugness and internal rottenness, and fiercely the fight gees on.. Sydney nnxcu bathes and surfs,. quite unashamed and al most naked on every available suitable beach near the city, while Melbourne ban ishes the merman 'and mermaids to a Ion;* distance, but Sydney claims that ? Mel bourne's beach prudery is mere hypocrisy and a cloak for secret vices by the side cf which bathing in the almost altogether is child-like innocence. Collins-street, Melbourne's proudest thoroughfare, is said to be the limit in marketable depredation after dark, and at any time to be the re Kort of more liquor-laden 'jazz babies' than all the other Australian cities put together can show. .The mosr, recent champion of Sydney against Melbourne iu the morality con troversy writes:- 'For the very latest in Melbourne eecentri cities it is necessary to go to some of the night resorts in the fashionable seaside suburb ox St. Kildn. There the gilded youth of both sexes play a same of forfeits in which the ? loser in every round has to take oS some article of clothing— with results at tho end. of a long run of bad luck that may be best left to the imagination.' Ex- Victorians now domiciled in the West will readily concede that if the Sydney charge is trai^ the game of forfeits has changed radical ly since they used to play.it at Sunday school picnics and evening parties in as sociation with kiss-in-the-ring, postman's knock, hunt the slipper and iollv nailer. A «t « ? Mr. Alfred John Clay, china and ear tlietiware dealer, of Stokc-on- Trent, Eng land, has put up something like a worm's record. He was declared a bankrupt m. 1899\. .with several thousand pounds of a deficiency. He has worked hard at a trade and lived frugally ever since, and last month he paid to his creditors the full amount. of his deficiency plus 4 per cent interest. Mr. Clay is surely one of the old brigade. The tendency of the day is for a man who fails to dodge .all the liabilities he can and throw himself on the State for maintenance until he can pick out a job with long enough pay and short enough hours .to suit him. ,'- .'??-, .?????'?. 9 ? * * . ' ? ' V'' The American immigration law works curiously, and often oppressively, but some-, times it gets just where it'ongbfc. An ex ample iii point was recorded in New York last month. When Moses Meloniod. a citi zen of Danzig, arrived at New York as » first-class passenger in the Danish steam er Estonia, with a passport uescribirg him ;is 'accompanied by wife,' the im migration officials asked to see her. 'Oh, she's in the steerage,' ho replied. Tiio officials expressing surprise at this coa eeption of the relationship of the sexes, Melomod explained that h/a, as a learned man of high intellectual attainments, con sidered different surroundings were neces sary for him compared with his wifej who was not so gifted.' As a result of this de claration the officials came to the conclu sion ,'.tjiat Melomod :s ideas were out of harmony .with American ideals, and that hs. and the wife who. could meekly sub scribe to them were undesirable iniiui- ' grants. ? __..,u 