INTERNATIONAL. LONDON, April 5. Severe fighting is in progress on the Sperrin County Tyrone, be-<*> tween Crown forces and Irish rebels, and 25 of the rebels are reported to have ibeen> killed. Farmers; and traders at Swinford, County Mayo, disobeyed an order by rebel forced to suspend business. Hun dreds of armed men then entered the town, -wrecked the principal shops, and forced other places to close. In a conflict (between Japanese and Chitan troops at Chita JO of the latter i?(raging. ; . . • . , .  . ' M Considerable opposition -was shown in) the Ulster Parliament to the peace agree* ment recently signed by the represent** tfrvea of Northern and Southern Ireland* and the debate has been adjourned. Mr. Winston Churchill states that SO persons were killed in Belfast (between March to end 38. The Prime Minister (Mr. Lloyd George) and the Minister for Labour (Mr. T. J. Macnamara) held a series of conferences aiming at ending the en gineering and ship building disputes. The general workers and foundry workers declared themselves willing to accept the employers' latest conditions as a fair bask for direct negotiations. The Government of Alalta has been defeated through the Constitutional and Labour parties combining. and passing an amendment demanding the abolition of the Senate. The death has occurred in London of Sir John Kirk, director of the Ragged School Union. The chairman of the United States Shipping Board (Mr. Lester) informed a committee of the House of Representa tives that the United States wa« at the point of bankruptcy as a merchant marine power. Professor Lederer, the German specialist who was summoned to attend M. Lenin, save that the Soviet leader is suffering from insomnia and overwork* and not from cancer. Armand Jeannes has ibeen found guilty on the charge of having betrayed Nurse Cavell and others to the Germans, and* has been condemned to death. A conference was held in the House of Cotnmous to deal with the question of immigration at which Sir James Mitchell • (Premier of West Australia) outlined a concrete scheme, which proponed to take 25,000 immigrants annually over a period of fire years. The Premier of Quebec declared, in an interview, that the United States tariff invited retaliation. Mr. H. N. 'Harwell ('Premier of -South Australia), m responding to the toast of his -health at the luncheon tendered to him by the Lord Mayor of London, said that Empire unity was necessary both lor defence and trade. 'Replying to question* in the House of Assembly, Capetown, the Minister, for Defence said that the total number of troops employed in suppressing the Band revolt was 13,600. The British Ambassador to tie United States (fiir Auckland Geddes) referred in laudatory terms to the services of Canadian and Australian representatives at the Washington Conference. During the progress of a political banquet at Budapest bombs were throwat-fl among the assemblage, killing six and™ seriously wounding 46. LONDON, April 6. Britain has notifieu toe Antes that, a* she is celled upon to pay interest on the debt owed to the United States, she in turn reserves the right to ask for interest . upon moneys lent to France and othe? Allies. General Hertxog made a bitter attack oa General Smuts in the House of Assembly* Capetown. Me accused General Smuts of letting things develop into disturbances on the Rand .so that the latter could smash trade unionism, and added, "General Smuts's footsteps dripped with blood." The liberation of the last batch of Sinn Fein prisoners in England has taken place. The Commonwealth loan of £s>ooo,tto, bearing interest st the rate of 6 per cent., 'has been fully subscribed in London. Big Haugdahl, of Norway, has broken the world's motor record for ten mil**, covering the distance in 3mb. £6sec. This is at the rate of a shade overdue, mils* an hour. The employers have agreed to suspend the lockout notices in the shipbuilding and engineering dispute pending negotia tions. The breakaway of the other unions from the engineers is regarded as almost equally important to the breaking up of the) "Triple Alliance" some months ago. The negotiations between the employers) and the other unions will commence on, April 10. Mr. P. Williams, secretary of the Unit**-* States Tennis Association, says that every V player and supporter of lawn tennis throughout the Country will regret if Aus tralia is not represented m the Davis Cup matches this year. The British Civil Servants;' Association has decided by ballot against becoming si political organisation. The Chancery Division of {he High Court, London, has decided that a trustee in' bankruptcy cannot recover under the> Gaming Act money paid by cheque by a bankrupt prior to bankruptcy. The Italian poet Gabriele D'Amranzieisj reported to have relinquished the leader* ship of the Fascisti (ultra patriots), and to have gone over to the Socialists, having accepted the leadership of the Italian fit** men s Federation. ""Thieves boarded the Mediterranean ex* press while it was travelling between Paris tad Laroehe, and stole 30 bags of English mails, en route to Italy. The employers and trade unionists have accepted the Government's terms for end ing the Danish lockout. The Italian Navigation Transatlantic Stenmship Co. has dismissed the entire crew of the Giuseppe Verdi, which ha« returned from New York, where the com pany was fin<"i heavily because drugs and thousands of bottles of wine were secreted on the vessel. The company, declares that the crew were responsiiqP for the attempted smuggling^ In the House of Commons Mr. Joynson- Hicks moved,—"That the lack of a definite P and coherent principle in the policy of the Coalition Government can only be re , ihedied by a Ministry of men united in political principle." The motion 'was re jected by 288 votes to 05. LONDON, April T. The British Cabinet has telegraphed to/ General Sir Neville Macready asking him to take special measures to protect dis banded members of the Royal Irish Con stabulary. A body of 100 recruits .going from Kerry to Dublin to enlist in the Free State army was taken into custody by a force of armed rebels. " One recruit was shot. Armed women, held up two trains in County Donegal; and seized and burned newspapers. The Republicans have urged the army Jto abandon allegiance to the Free State. This is believed to be the- beginning of De Yalera's recruiting campaign, which is growing stronger daily. The Air Ministry kas announced that the Air Council is considering the syndi cate's scheme for an Imperial airship ser vice in a revised form, reducing the liability of the Government. The results of the Board of Guardians' elections in the London area indicate a Labour debacle. So tar the party has lost 60 seats on 21 boards. . The Belgian Advocate-General has de cided to make no recommendation for mercy in the case of Armand Jeannes, who was found guilty and sentenced to death on charges of having betrayed (Nurse Caveli and others. Argentine wool exporters have re • guested the Foreign Minister to protest Against the American wool tariff of 30 cents, per lb., on washed wool, declaring that it will prohibit Argentine exporta tion, and endanger the sheep-raising in* Idustry. *It is asserted in well-informed circles that the Prime Minister (Mr. Lloyd George) and the Lord Privy Seal (Mr. Chamberlain) have definitely decided to defer the general election until the autumn. The Polish, Finnish, Belgian, and [Russian - delegations and portion of the (British delegation have reached Genoa. (Elaborate-precautions were taken to pro tect the Russians against attempts on their lives by their exiled and ruined countrymen. Lord Curzon is suffering from a severe attack of neuritis. Sir Worthington-Evans •trill take his place at the Genoa Con ference. The Shipbuilders* and the Employers' have definitely refused ( to I^negotiate witAi the unionists* concerned Jft the British shipbuilding and engineer tagdaipte. TiOniaieaa fe-i«ftdoA regarding the Com- . <*omattli kM / $M«M**>. conaider «a*t the isMM is a «r««t sue?**, m ti*M «m?* tjoau dMbto as to -wfc*tfc«t Jm- Veatora would take ki?dty to the first Im oa a 9 per cent, bains. •■'■^qjfcMral I9*miaoff, the Cossack com inanoet; ■?*? bexa arrested at New York «s the return of a hnkwent for MtyNt dol. (about £100,000) oftaJateY a* QafMa RChina) by a foreign trading ce«sf*^t whose goods were looted in Siberia. The Secretary for State (Mr. C. E. fl3ugb.es) has announced that the United Btates is not appointing any official oY Unofficial representativer at the Genoa Conference, but only observers. -■ The Overseas Settlement Bill has been lead a first time in the House of Com-x inons. After the debate on the Army EH. despite Socialist arguments in favour of (12 months' compulsory military service, the Chamber of Deputies by 342 votes to 647 accepted the Government's scheme of a. term of 18 months, this being regarded as the-minimum which would ensure the safety of France. A West Australian loan for £2,000,V)0. ferrying 6 per cent, interest, nnd issued aF £98, has been underwritten. . """ LOND >*J, April 8. The meeting "between Mr. Lloyu Ueorge and the French Prime Minister (M. Poin dfefcare) proved to be of a most cordial Mr. Lloyd George says that as a result of the meeting he holds the firm convic* tion that the Genoa Conference will be a great success. Mr. Winston Churchill (Secretary of State for the Colonies) considers that the keynote of the Bilitish Foreign policy is to •produce a good understanding Detween / France and Germany. The Prime Minister of Italy (Signor > Facta) says that the Italian Government views the Genoa Conference as the highest conceivable manifestation of peace ideals, representing the determination on the part of the victors and vanquished to col laborate in the reconstruction of M. Tchicherin (Russian Foreign Minis* ter) protests against France's attitude to wards the Soviet, and declares that it de- ' pends upon France whether the Soviet is ' compelled to enter combinations opposed to French policy. Mr. Winston ChurchiH states ttikt the situation in Ireland is the gravest pos sible, being worse than ever before. There is an increasing possibility that some classes of Irishmen will kin each other over the treaty. Mr. Churchill, in a speech at Dundee, declared that nothing in the nature of a republic in Ireland "would in any cir- Jfcaartances be acceptetTlby Great Britain. Mary and Viscount Lasceiles have returned to London. Mr. De Valera, speaking at DjmlagM hire; said that he wished the people would always oppose the treaty. ' Thi> Provisional Government would not Bo oteyed and would not function. Three hundred men entered the stores of the Dublin Customs House and tie* stroyed 6000 casks containing 600,000 gallons of whisky and wine belonging to Belfast firms. The loss of revenue represents several million pounds. Armed men raided the Northern Bank at- Lanesborough, and stole £700, aftjr shooting dead Captain Cox, of the Free State Guard, who was protecting tie bank. Other armed raiders stole £200 from the Ulster Bank at Castlereagh. A British aeroplane of the Daimler line from London, carrying mails, collided! with a Goliath machine on the London* Rouen-Paris route, and six persons were killed. At (the time of the collision the visl> bility was fairly good, but there were low clouds and a light rain. Th? aeroplanes were flying low and steering by a main roadr At the requiem mass for si-Emperor Karl the Vienna Cathedral was crowded. Subsequently 1000 Monarchists paraded the streets, shouting, "Down with the Jewish Republic!" •M. Reynes, Mayor of Juzes, Haut Gettmne, <was defeated at a recent election by M. Pouxmadag. Madame Reynes, in a fit of wounded pride, lay in wait for her husband's successor, and shot him dead. She <has been sentenced to a year's im prisonment. ■■-. A cyclone swept over West Texa9 and Oklahoma, causing the deaths of at least ten persons. The leader of <tfne Socialists caused a sensation in the Bavarian Parliament by declaring that the Bavarian reactionaries were plotting to establish the monarchial system in Bavaria under a French protec torate. The Prime Minister of South Africa (General Smuts), in referring, ait the. South African Party Congress, to the bitter at tacks of General: Hertzog, said that wben responsible leaders made such attacks tne man in the street was easily moved to resort to arms. General Snout* declared that Australia's Cine new iron industry had gone to tne wall owing to impossible wages. The president of the Johannesburg Chamber of Commerce stated at the an nual meeting of that institution that the insolvencies bad multiplied, and tnat rui nation was facing a 'Considerable portion of the population. Field-Marshal- Lord Haig, in a speech at Leicester, referred to tfhe cutting down of the nation's insurance against aggres sion, and declared that it was a short sighted ipolicy to secure immediate ecenomy at the price of national security, when the seeds of war were scattered through Europe. M. Cove gave a demonstration on auto suggestion at the Totting jftMTOKMietJ H«fttUl for ?fc«)*4urtel |^S?7)>«t aod +m rtraiitir-ctamL^ The Ministry of Heettli has dftekfel that tkoMk the looked out tagfoMit are r?ot eatUM to «acaq*qra%e*t 4olo*? ta*? destHaW are eatitled to poor l?w wrie* LONDON,, Afifl t. 16* 4e?tb & announced of An*oHa Goddard (Mf« Jftritoa), the pianist. ' [Arabella Ooddard to JlfcWliij, In* her parents were English, and fit HIS- afc? <«M married to Mr. J. W. Davison, musical ctiMe of the aThnes." "At 8 years of age she haU musical lesm:s from Kalkbrennex in Paris, cni afterwards under Mrs. Anderson, Thalberg, and -J. W. Davison. She played Chopin at the age of seven year*, and made he* debut at OranJ National Concerts at Her Majesty's Theatre, London, in 1860. She travelled in Germany and gave concerts in 1854-65, and toured through America, Auscralia, India, Java, and China, J873 -70. Mrs. Davlscn played many times before Queen Victoria, King Edward, and Queen Alexandra 1 •The Navy -Department has issued a statement declaring that a'conference of admirals has decided that the Japanese naval strength allowable by the Washing ton agreement is sufficient for the Empire s defence. The Commonwealth Director of Im migration and Land Settlement (Mr, Percy Hunter) will proceed to Australia at the end of April. The death is announced of Professor A. V. Dicey, M.A., the well-known writer on constitutional subjects. [Professor Dicey wWbora In the year 1886, and was educated at Oxford University. He was the author of many works in constitutional history.! A BUI has been introduced in the T>utch Parliament temporarily prohibit ing German imports as a protection against the German rate of exchange. The definite announcement is made that the tennis championship will be played on new courts at Wimbledon, where the stand in the centre of the court will accommodate 12,000 spectators. The cheapness of money is illustrated by the allotment of ■ Treasury bills at an average fate of 53/1 per cent., which is over 20/ per cent, less than on January 13. Gilt-edged securities are very firm, and the 5 per cent, war loan has touched par. LONDON,' April 10. The Irish Republicans are prosecuting an unrelenting and murderous campaign against the Free State. There is a conspiracy to kill Mr. Michael Collins. An unsuccessful attempt was made to wreck the train in which be was travelling towards Wexford. The energy of the countryside in South ern Ireland is said to' be absorbed in the creation of armies and the manufacture of war material. Workers are joining the rebels and De Valera daily is streng thening his position. An ex-policeman wa? murdered at Tern* plemore. Others were fired at and warhed to leave the country on pain of assassination. Germany is understood to have reject* ed the Allied demand for the raising of £46,000,000 by new taxation, and to have demanded.-an investigation of her capacity to pay on the basis of the Peace Treaty. Germany insists that only through a foreign loan will the payment of repara tions be possible. A petition is to be presented to the Genoa Conference declaring that the ever increasing hindrances to international exchange of goods and services constitute one of the root causes of the present chaotic condition of the world's trade. The hydrographic office of the United States Navy Department i? co-operating with the Japanese, Canadian, and Bri tish Governments in mapping out the two most favourable courses in the North Pacific. The proposed changes will chiefly affect Canada, the United States, and Japan. The Porte has. agreed to an armistice with Greece. The Association of Wireless and Cable Telegraphists has called out the wireless operators owing to the ship owners' claim to the right to order them to perform other than wireless duties. The death is announced of General Falkenhayn, one of the leading German generals m the late war. An unnamed Australian deserter and three Russians were hanged at Cairo, after a court martial, for robbery and mur der. ' % • Twenty-three French soldiers have been killed and 10 wounded in a violent ex plosion near Gleiwitz, in Upper Silesia. during a search for concealed arms. A large quantity of rifles, quickfirers, and munitions was found, and the explosion was caused by a mechanical device. The evacuation of the Shantung Penin •ula by the Japanese army began yeater -day, when 800 troops embarked on a transport for Japan. n LONDON, April 11. The r Economic Conference- at Genoa Was officially opened on Monday. Mr. Lloyd George occasionally seemed a tired man, but his speech was a great effort, vecalUng that made by him at Paris, after his return from Rapaljp in, Fighting wSth the seal of a Crusader, he electrified the conference. His best point was the declaration that though true, actual fighting had ceased snarling was going on, and Europe was deafened by the canine clamour. Mr. Lloyd George also exercised great influence at the preliminary conversa tions. The sensation of the session was an encounter between M.' Tchitcherin (Russia) and M. Barthou (France), when the former suggested land disarmament. Mr. Lloyd George intervened and said disarmament Wwt ultimately be discussed. M. Barthou retorted that the Cannes MBaafcaent was that disarmament should <•♦' % discussed at Genoa. , "Jt ml fast correspondent says that he has learnt authoritatively that Mr. Michael Collins has requested Great Britain to re tafati?a remainder of the British troops W YaW«. & fa 4n«qfekj*ay posstMy **?« repnVUe driafihttar, thran, Wh|? Mr. Qamn Daffy, lU>., was ad nj^gat^^.^-%l^ *BKj5 Armed *?nfctinain rsfewd Jvdji Cook admission to the Lttfecri CturtTaejMe to open the Donegal Sessions. * Sinn Feiners have wricked the' .XflFert* street Presbyterian Church. Belfast. The Premier of West Australia (Sir James Mitchell) says that the Empire emigration and land settlement negotia tions have reached a mutually satisfactory understanding upon the main principle of Imperial, Commonwealth, and West Aus tralian co-operation. The Allied High Commissioners consider that the Angora Government's proposal for an armistice with Greece are entirely unacceptable. - The members of the Wireless Associa tion, -who aTe on ?trike> are. picketing the bondon docks. , . Enyer Pasha, the Turkish adventurer, is fighting the BoWheviks in the direction of Bokhara, Central Aaia. More than 30 persons, mostly French soldiers, were killed in the. explosion at Gleiwit*, Upper Silesia. The Party has joined the Coali tion Government tff Malta conditionally upon the introduction*'.of an Eight-hour Bill and compulsory education. (Belgium has recognised the claim mada by the United States in connection with the costs of the Army of Occupation on the Rhine. The giant White Star liner Majestic, formerly the German-owned 4 #hjp Bis marck, will commence its New York run in May. Joe Beckett, the English heavyweight champion,' defeated. George Cock, the Australian heavyweight. Cook become groggy in the sixth round, and hung on to his opponent like a linraet. The referee, thereupon, disqualified him for holding. The United States Steel Corporation has met the threat to tie up its coal proper ties made by the United MinewoVkers by closing one of its biggest steel plants and curtailing the output of other plants. The Allied High Commissioners are pre paring a reply to the Angora Government pointing out that its proposals for an armistice with Greece are entirely unac ceptable to' the Allies* 