ITEMS OF INTEREST. For the position of manager of the Tenterfield Co-operative Society, ren dered vacant by the resignation of Mr. W. E. Lightfoot, there were 72 applications. 'A wooden leg may be a disfigure ment and not so handy as the real ar ticle, but it comes in handy some times.' That is the conclusion ar rived at by Mr. C. Ross, of Uarby. Recently he upset a kettle of boiline water over his leg, but, being arti ficial, it sustained no injury. Later when thrown out of his sulky, the wheel passed over the wooden leg. 'After all,' he says, 'wooden legs have their uses.' London 'Daily Mail' describes an English boxer as a combination of a high explosive bomb, a cavalry charge, a battering ram and a blizzard. They take their boxing seriously in London, otherwise a man who had no reputation in Australia would not be hailed as a great fighter, as Cook is. The same Cook is now matched ag ainst the battering ram-blizzard person, and unless the latter wins easily, the general opinion in Aus tralia, or as much of Australia as is interested in the dreary business, will be that the 'Daily Mail' greatly over-stated the ability of its hero. , One after another our reported oil discoveries turn out to be duds. The latest is that a Beadudesert, Queens land, where the Government geolo gist reports that the presence of oil in the bore is due to someone having poured kerosene down the hole, by way of a hoax. It is hard to ' im- J' J agine the mental condition of a per son who regards that sort of a thing as a joke, but if he was melted down and poured into the borehole the contents might lead the borer to suppose that he had struck a good supply of the stuff of which fools are made. 'Cocky Farmer' writes to the 'Evening News' as follows: — I am a returned soldier. I purchased a farm about 390 miles from Sydney. I am at present in the throes of a drought and was compelled to buy some rock salt to keep my stock alive. I pur chased half a ton, which cost me £3 17s |d; the freight on same was £3 12s. I purchased some bolts and nuts, which cost me 1/6, the freight on same 1/3. Some time ago I bought, a dray for £8, the freight on which was £11. Is it possible for any farmer to carry these crushing burdens and keep his head above water? An incident from Parliament as reported by the ''Sun's' man: The words were so dulcetly soporific that Mr. Murphy curled up on the cush ions, propped his head on Mr. Moles worth's shoulder, and went to sleep with his mouth open. He slumber ed fitfully through the greater part of the Major's ideas on immigration, and started up only at the hated tones of Mr. Perdriau, who interrupt ed with a remark about the riches of the country. Mr. Murphy: Oh, well, we can't all grow bananas! Mr. Perdriau: You eouldn't grow a ziff. Mr. Murphy: You look as if you've got an attack of bunchy top. So convinced is the Danish Gov ernment of the value of perform ance as distinct from pedigree, says a recent issue of the Journal of the Ministry of Agriculture (London), that in making provision for the award of special prizes for bulls, it ? was laid down that a bull is not eli gible for a Government prize unless records of the performances of his daughters can be produced. ' The journal quotes the informative state ment that 'before the inauguration of milk-recordics societies it had al ready become a general practice to keep bulls for service for a number of years, and to judge the bulls by an examination of their offspring. . On Friday last, the four-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Len. Townsend, Uralla, suffered a scald- ing accident, by falling into a half- kerosene tin of hot water, which had just been removed from the fire to the hearth. Mrs. Townsend left the room for a time, and shortly after- wards heard the little girl crying. Investigating the matter, she found the child lying on the floor, badly scalded. The child was immediate- ly taken to Armidale Hospital, for treatment, but her injuries were so bad that death followed several hours later. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved parents in their trouble. — Uralla "Times." [The un- fortunate little child was a niece of Mr. J. Townsend, of Dorrigo.] It happened some days ago, says Young 'Chronicle,' but a district cleric is still laughing about the joko played on a brother cleric in a neigh boring town in which the joyful one was an innocent participant. No. 1 cleric agreed to perform the mar riage ceremony for a young couple, and as they were not over-endowed with the world's goods, he expected it to be a 'thank you' deed. After tying the knot he was agreeably surprised to receive a gift of £3 from the happy bridegroom. Mentioning the incident to the brother cleric he was amazed to hear the latter de- . clare, 'Why, that's my three pounds — I lent it to him.' No. 2 cleric is now trying to convince No. 1 cleric that he should at least share the three pounds, but No. 1 only shakes his head — and laughs. — Cowra 'Guardian.' Vigora, the new game for young women, has maa votaries in Sydney. It is similar to cricket. Wickets are used, situated about 15 yards apart, the boundary being about 50 feet away. Two stout rubber balls — one white and the other black — and a solid bat shaped like a tennis, racquet, are used. The balls are about the size of those used in tennis, but much heavier. All the bowling is done from one end, and the balls thrown, or shot at, the wicket by each bowler — or thrower — alternately. It looks a simple matter to strike the ball, but it is not so easy; and when tho ball is thrown swiftly it re quires a keen eye and good judg ment to hit it. Where the fielding is good, agility between the wickets is essential if runs are to be scored. There are no 'overs,' and each thrower uses the respective ball al lotted to her all through the in nings. Each team comprises 12 play ers and there are umpires and two innings, as in cricket. 