STATE PARLIAMENT. BRTKBAKPL JnV «. In the legislative Assembly to-day, £etrospective Bents. The Maristcr for UaHe, Mr. Coyne, informed Sir. Morgan that tie amount iMeived by the Treasury for retrospec tive lands rents was £0Zfll5. .. uvrenuBCDE fffflfT. The- Fremier, Mr. Theodore, told Mr. Morgan tbat tile amount expended In Government relief in t!» year ended the 30th. of June last wa» £HiJ»L Soldier tVttlprs. ' Mr. Coyne, in reply to Mr. Kng. said that the number of soldiers placed on Mocks in*«wp.«etaeinentB in -tie finan «al years 1917 to 1922 waslSSL Ot theae, 1758 were on the blocks on tbe 30th ot June last. Proposed Salaries Redaction. Mr. Peterson asked the Premier if h« would consider die advisnbleness of a n= dactaon m lEniBters' salaries and of cur tailing tbe travelling allowance privileges, and a reduction of members' salaries pro jKrtionatelj- to the dintance from th-ir electorates trom tbe seat of «oTemment. Mr. Theodore replied tint the inten tions of Or Government would be dis closed at the proper tone. . The ltaSan Inftnx. Mr. Theodore, in reply to Mr. *etersoji. stated that the Gov.enunect sad not placed any financial embargo on Italian and Danish immigrants, and, further, that the state bad no power to do so, ft beicg solely a Batter for the CannnonwealUi. Bowes CoaKeM Safhny. Vi. Theodore, la answer to Mr. Hphio 'tone, stated tint the Bowtn CoaTSid* BaOmty would ie «oa«pleted for tn& not later than Beptemba- next. Sew Standing Ordtn. The House .proceeded to dual with ti» report of tie onmmittee appointed to mnm tsa i ttiariJa^Otflgg- „ . .; TSnj'iiiew' lulea' weiu'*s|greGa-'Jtd 'up *&i; rale 16, which limited the time for debate on '.Hie AaVirrnn in TTfjlj 4a -four days. Oppsntaoo snookers strongly protested against the oirtairmeoi of their righto and twitteaitte Government with being afraid of critiean. After x long debate, The Le-aer «f the Country party, Mr. Vowles, askad Mr- Theodore if be would accept a compromise between fear days and *''» days. The Premier replied in the negative. The clause limiting the debate on the Address-in-Keply to four days was then The other Standing Orders as amended were then agreed to. The Homo then sojourned onto to 