| ............... I Movements in Motordom. 1 I PERSONAL AND OTHER DOINGS. j i T ft j................ - - - - -> — - — -Dr. Cuthbert, the well-known medico of Beaufort-street, has just purchased an Overland Four fitted with an Aus tralian body. x x Several of" the recently arrived im migrants have brought their motor cycles from the Old Country with them and intend making use of the machines in inspecting the country. » The price- of the Overland Four fitted with the standard Australian body, five tyres and tubes, nickel toe plates and rubber mats, tools, sjde curtains, speedometer and complete equipment, is £360. Mr. Richard Purser -"has just taken delivery of an Overland Light Four, fitted with a special -Daniel White bodjy. Mr. Purser has owned an Overland Four for two years and it is sure proof of the ' satisfaction he -has received when he now huys his second. . ft 4 Mr. Cliff Matthews, of .Wyalcatchem, writes to Adams Motors Ltd. with re- 1 ference to his second Overland Four: ! "I may say the car is running splen- ' didly— 4260 miles to date, does 120 miles to 1 tin petrol, very light on oil, starts with a touch, and not a puncture to date/3 ¥ ¥ At Rockingham last Sunday there must have been least 50 or 60 motor cars at this popular seaside resort. A party of ladies who were walking along admiring the various cars wfere over heard to remark, as they passed one qar: "What a "beautiful looking car-; 'this is the best we have seen. On inspection it was discovered to be Dr.. Merry weather's Willys-Knight. # Mr. Daly, of Daniel- White and Com pany, who has owned. Overland Fours", sine# they came on this market, had a specially designed body fitted on his Overland chassis on show at the Royal Show. This body created so much in terest that Messrs. Adams Motors Ljfcd. have had quite a demand for bodies. These can be supplied at a slight extra cost over the usual list price. . The efforts of a number of enthusi asts to form a , motor yacht club in Queensland have reached fruition. At a recent meeting, held in Brisbane, it was decided to form the club, and officials were elected. .. The patron is Sir Mathew Nathan. The aim 'of the «l»b is tb foster motor yatching of nil classes.. Races "will be arranged , fpr all types of boats, and ' championships con ducted regularly. % Selznick Film Manager Randall Smith is delighted with his new 4-seater Cit roen. Majestic Jack Watts seems to like it, too. ¥ ¥ That Dodge car, whose occupants in- sist upon worrying girls of an evening, is known to the police, so we give them the tip to "let up/3 £ 4 Mr. F. R. Parker, of Parker and Co., Hay-street, leaves this week-end on a tour sof the Albany districts. A Buick 4 will be used. ' «j Secretary J. W- Paterson, of the Auto Club, is being beseiged with en- quiries about the roads in various parts of the State. Motorists are Ap parently getting ready for Xmae. A s? Another instance of the exceptional mileagp given with the cord tyres now standard on Dodge cars is supplied by Mr. L. P. Coyne, -of Northam, who writes on the 9th inst. stating he has now done over 11,000 miles on the original tyres, which are still in good running order. j " # - Messrs. Miller and Ferstat, of Wyal- / catchem, write to say they are very pleased with the new Dodge car recent ly purchased. The car is averaging-24 miles to uie gallon of petrol, and they - anticipate doing much better than this when the engine is run in. / Mr. W. J. Winterbottom, managing director of the Winterbottom Motor -j Compapy, who has beem id , Melbourne attending the annual conference of the Australian Dodge dealers, is expected to " return to Perth "by . the Great Western on Sunday, the i9th inst; Mr. A- Montgomery, "representing Dodge Biro-: , tilers, Detroit, will" be returning in company with Mr." Winterbottom. Mr- Montgomery to completing his . tour of " „ the various Australian agencies, and ' will be proceeding to South Africa from W-A. ,/ " j- From the Italian press it to learnt ; that the Danish Government to calling for designs <of special . aircraft, suitable , to aooompany a proposed expedition from Denmark to" the polar regions - .t next .year. The machines are to. ife. ; multi-engined flying boats, with a great endurance and high, useful load, and. " must be cajiable of carrying various scientific . instruments, " in addition to a. powerful wireless set. They must Iwve &i;\t a big range of speeds, and a verjt 'W strong central hull suitably constructed/ for alighting on and taking off .from/ ice. The machines will be taken' byi'; J ship as far as possible, and then ! exploration .will be continued by , craft. . - V\\-. 