METEOROLOGICAL. J The local' temperature readings for the past 24 hours., as supplied by Sir i John Britain, of the Mount Pleasant ! Observatory, are as. follows Max imum (shade), Cl degrees; ■ minimum (shade), 43.8 degrees; ou glass, 39 an d gr'ces. RAINFALL. The rainfall for'the 21 hours ended O' o’clock last night was nil; total for I the month, 28 points. The barometrical readings supplied by Messrs Carter and Werner, were:— : Barometer—9. a.mi., 29.809: 3 p.m., 29.332: 0 p.m., 29.900. Moisture—9 a.m., 03 per cent.; 3 p.m., 05 per cent. : (> p.m., 05 per cent. Commonwealth Finances. —Satisfac- tory increases in the revenue returned from the Customs Department are shown in the statement issued by the Federal Treasury yesterday. For the three expired months of the financial year the Treasurer (Mr Bruce) antici pated a revenue of £7,000,000. This estimate has, however, been exceeded toi the extent of £1,049,598, the actual receipts aggregating £8,019,595. For the tluii'e corresponding months of last year the Customs revenue amount ed to £0,247.955. So that the three months j'iist concluded have produced £1,001,043 more than the first quar ter of 1921-22. The month of Sep tember, 1921, yielded Customs retvenue to the amount of £2,235,840, whilst this year the returns for September were £2,053.820. All of the States, with the exception of Tasmania, showed ad-' vauccs in Custonisi revenue for Sep tember. the increases in Queensland and South Australia being especially noticeable, the figures being:—Queens land j (September, 1921), £166,42Q; (September, 1922), £251,794: South Australia, £150.032 and £204,505. The figures for Y ictoria were £746,002 and £800,290. On tho otliei; hand, tho re ceipts from the Postmaster-General's" Department have failed to meet the Treasurer's estimate. Mr Bruce,, when delivering the budget .speech, estimated tlia-'t tho first quarter of tlic financial year' wduld produce front fho Post master-General's Department revenue to the amount of £2’,412,500. Tlio actual receipts were - £2,402,089, or £10,411 less. Tlie receipts, however; were £11,223 higher than for the first quarter of 1921-22, all of the States showing increases. The State Budget —When tile Legis lative! Assembly meets to-day the 'Treasurer (-Mr M’Phersou) will deliver the budget, speech. and an estimate of receipts and expenditure for the finan cial year 1922-23. In well-informed it is expected that lie will an "nounce that the Surplus for the last I financial year was approximately i £40,000: also that he will show, how I he proposes to manage tlio finances dur- I lag the. current year as to achieve a I small credit balance. During his speech he 'will announce re-enactments of present imposts, such as iucome tax, land tax, and betting tax: but it is understood that there will boa slight modification in income tax, such as the limitation to £BOO of tho income on which medical expenses for the tax payer of the members of his family can be claimed as deductions. The Treasurer will also give additional de tails on matters pertaining to the de velopment of the State, such as; the Government’s immigration and land policy. It is understood.'That lie* will also state that full opportunity will bo given to enable mdn in Victoria to take up land on the same terms as settlers from overseas. It is highly. probable that tlic Treasurer will intimate that £250,000 will bo required for State school extensions. East-West Express. —There was a very big train-load of passengers on the trans-continental ; express yester- j 'day. as is usually the case on Mon days. A larger number of passengers than usual are using the' train, now that the spring racing carnival is ap proaching, "and bn -yesterday’s express wcor a number . 6f racing men, while politicians were also in evidence. Business in .Federal' Parliament. Yesterday,, in ‘the Houso of Represen tatives the progress of business was .slow, and it is believed that it. will, not be possible to clear the. Sheet until next week without throwing?, over board some of the bills which Mr Hughes lias declared to -be essential, and that these will include that in re lation to the .unification of the railway gauge. Theyo is now some talk of the elections being held on the 16tit De cember. .. Ull'ending Departments.; —In common with other Government departments, that ol tho Mines came in lor a casti gation at the hands of the City Coun cil last night, the other sufferers be ing the Lauds, the Public Works and the Railways Departments. The -Mines Department had, it seemed, stepped in between tlie council and the Lands De partment, and vetoed-the granting.ol a lease of tho Ballhausen sand heaps, off Main road, for recreation purposes. Mayor Elswortli remarked that it seemed'that the Mines Department re* served it as an open fight to step m and block any attempt. by councils to do anything with.. theso Sand heaps. Cr Bel'i pointed out that any, abandon ed sand heaps were., open to ho leased after having been left for twelve months. He moved that Mr; M'Gregor, M.L.A., bo asked to place the matter before tho Minister for.. Mines. Tlie area, in question comprised Crown lands, and the old Town Council had had it -reserved for recreation. The Mayor said that, months ago tliia had been done, but they, only, heard to-day that there was objection to the sand heaps being used. Cr Bell’s motion j was carried. I Inspected Exports Decline. —-Exports i from Victoria, lust week of produce Hi spected by Government officials! were valued at' £190,022, or £91,620 less than the total for tlie same week ol last year. Butter was tho most -im portant shipment, its value being £74,620- The quantity- of frozen lamb ■ going forward to - London shows a marked increase. Shipments consisfc : ed of '52,718 carcases, each of the value of 20/. Exports of flour ere- worth £17,760':- casein; £10,500; barley, £7252; tallo.w, £15,3-191 Tho exports of inspected products since July are valued at £1,736,883, which is £954,145 less than for the correspond ing term of 1921. . Bungaroe Shire Rates.—M hen the question of striking a iate was discussed at tlie Bungurco Shire Council meeting yesterday, tho engineer, Mr A. K. Buckley, pointed l out ll that the money expended in contracts by the shire had. been, increasing during- the pact lew years. He thought that the- old rate of 1/9 should he brought up to 2/. The extra, threepence would bring in £360 more: Cr Pearse advocated' a 2/ rate. It would be better to strike the higher rate and reduce tlie overdraft-, which was costing them £l2O per year in in terest. He did not think that tins expenditure on interest was making the best use df the ratepayers’ money. At some time'it-would not do to put all tlic extra money into paying off the overdraft, and yet starve' the roads.. -The -feeling .of the council was taken on the matter, and on cast ing vote o'f the. president (Cr Davies) the 2 1 rate waa favored.. The pre sident then gave notice hisi inten- Jtion to move at the next meeting that a rate of 2/ in the pound, he struck. Proposed .New Office. The City Council last night received a letter from the Massey-Harris Company en quiring whether land was available on Market reserve, .'.lair street, an a site for a., building for the company, nest to the premises of Burrowes anti Cooper, and councillors showed- a. de sire. to be cautious. Cr Levy asked why the Massey-Harris Cos. did not| build for themselves, and this evoked from Cr Cooke a protest against the stultifying of a promised new indus try. Cr Levy disclaimed any such in-j teution, and Cr 801 l stepped in with ai motion that an attempt bo made to) discover what sort of building and on what terms • they desired' to erect it; and also that the council visit the site and decide, whether it was advisable to allow .any more buildings to go on the bayniarkot at all. This was car ried. . ' Adamant Department.—The Bail way department came in for some very severe criticism at the bands of the City Council last night, the cause be ing a lengthy letter from the Commis sioners sotting forth a number of rea sons why Tait cars must he retainod on the country lines. Councillor after councillor denounced _ the “crude” ideas of ilia commissioners as fo~ what comfort for their patrons meant; as against Iho magnificent conception of what was due to thomselves in the way of comfort when they were “inspect ing” tlio railways. Councillors were hit ter in their denunciation of the studi ed neglect of . .the country travellers and tlio centralisation of millions of money in Melbourne. Cr. Bell refer red members to Hansard, in which was reported tho fact that ho and • other members had tried to remedy tho evil, but that Ballarat’s own member of the Legislative Assembly, ■ who. was also a member of tho_ Cabinet, sided with the railway commissioners. So. long, bo said, as they had members like that tho country would get no alteration in tho present system. Ho had denounc ed the Tait cars as tho refinement of cruelty 'in cold weather, hut nothing had been done, or would ho done, until circumstances altered. It waa decided to call local members erf Parliament t gether, in order to organise a com bined complaint lo tho Minister of Railways. , , South Street Audiences.—So far the attendances at the South Street com petitions do not appear tojiavo suf fered by tho change of system. Cer tainly tho cash receipts have improved, and for obvious reasons. It is oxplaiu ed that the hooked seat at 15/ pci: season worked out at something like three half ponce per session, and a large number of scats which would earn more money was necessarily with held from the public. Scats Hint were formerly occupied at the rate ot three half-pence arc now earning i)d. per night. Tho holders of tho 15/ open tickets can occupy' seats, in any part of that section, and tho system also doe sawn.v with tho retention' of seats until 8.15 p.m., as was. formerly tho ease. On the whole it is claimed by the society, that the abolition of tlio 15/ reserves is an improvement rather than a drawback. Certainly as far as that body is concerned it has a. ten dency to materially improve the cash takings, A Futile-. Visit. —Another of what ICr. Bell denounced as tho “railway de partment’s futilities,” cam© bofore tho City Council last night in tho form of an intimation that another of tho tour ing trains was to ha run in November next, and that Ballarat was to ho in cluded in tho itinerary. When, how over. it transpired that only four hours were' to bo allowed for “inspecting tho industries of Ballarat,’’ councillors’ satisfaction turned to scoffing. Mem- j hers pointed'-oub that four hours would allow of inspecting Sturt street only; or, say, tho railway workshops, and Cr. Bell opined that it would ho bet ter to keep tho train away altogether, rather than indulge in such a futile vifit. Cr. Cooke pointed out that the Commissioners asked that a local com mittee be formed and a lob of organising work done to prepare for tho visit, but surely, 'ho urged, it would' bo wasto of time to go to all that trouble for a train that tho Commissioners would only permit to stay four horns in tho city' Councillors united in con demning the proposed “seeing” of Bal larat in four hours as ridiculous,- and it was decided to wait till the depart-, mental emissary arrived to begin _ or- and then point these .things out’.to him. ■National Butter Brand.—The Aus tralian Dairy Council’s decision as to the desirability of establishing a. lia tional brand lor. butter and cheeso in tended for export is likely to bo gen erally approved by the producers. It is admitted by shippers in all the States that too much butter of interior quality is exported from Australia to Great" Britain, and that a larger pro portion of first-grade must bo market ed if flic trade is to .develop as it should anti tho best prices to. he se cured; A national mark on boxes will mean simply that tlio contents aro ol the finest quality that tho Common wealth produces. The Danish produc ers use a similar braud for their best rniake of butter. Now that the ex porting States liavo corao into line on this question the chief- impediment to the adoption of a national mark has been overcome. As the. boxes will continue to bear the names of the Stales and the factories stumped on them, the national brand (name or emblem) will not be tlio means ol obscuring individuality in any respect. It ought, ou the contrary, to act as au incentive to the. iactorics to' turn out. a- better product for tile British market, and some such incentive has been much needed. Tho council has acted in tho best interests of the trade in deciding that only butter grading 92 points and over, should cany the ■national brinul. Nearly the wligio ol the blitter of that grade is pasteur. ised. • Repatriation OHico—Cr Bell moved at the meeting of tho City Council last night- that- a strong proest 'be en tered against) the closing of the- Balla rat Repatriation office, and that the Mayor join in the-deputation to .Sena tor Milieu from Ballarat and Bendigo. Cr Cooke seconded tlio motion, and pointed out tlia-t there were 2000 | sol diers in Ballarat district whose aflairs were being handled by the local office, and Ballarat should not submit, to this latest sample ol centralisation. Tho motion was carried, though councilors| were obviously not impressed with the chances of “getting a- fair deal” from Melbourne. Potato Traffic Shed.—in connection with an objection raised by the Dayles-: ford Agricultural Society to the re moval of the potato traffic at Spencer 'street from the exhibition shed to an other position the Railway Commis sioners state 'that this chango was de cided on for departmental reasons, which include the necessity to utilise the shed referred to lor other pur poses, but in anv case the new site! for the traffic isonly a short distance from the old one, a.nd in tho circum-j stances the change of situation com plained of does not appear to be really objectionable. Soldiers’ Fathers’ Association. —Tho monthly meeting or the Ballarat branch p ftho. Sailors and Soldiers Fathers’ Association was held at tho Soldiers’ Institute last night. Mr. J. Treka.vdo. vico-presideut, being in tlio chair. The annual report of the brass band -attached, to’ the Melbourne branch w-as received. In the letter ac companying the report it was stated that the hand was in need of some. in struments.. The hand gave entertain ments at. various hospitals in tho met ropolis, and the. nectesary travelling about cost money. Financial assist tanee' would be welcomed. The treai surer, Mr. €-. ,T. Reid, reported that the bank balance was £l3/16/2. • ... “Superfluous Request.’’—Ct. , Bell arose in just wrath at the meeting of the City Council last. night and. de nounced the Public Works department for sending the council “tripe.” Thia expression' Tf-as brought forth iby let ter received from the department re questing that tlie council’s officers have their accounts ready for audit by a fixed date. The mayor, pointed out. that the request was superfluous hs far as Ballarat was concerned, as the ac counts were always ready for audit., but Cr. Bell thought ‘‘superfluous” was too mild a word. ‘‘Tripe’ 1 was more descriptive, and he inquired whether the department had nothing .better to do with its time than send such “fatu oils requests.” Cr. M'Kenzio assured his fellow member that the. department had nothing better to do with its time, and the mayor pointed out mildly that probably the reminder was intended t‘or some other council. Special .Grant to Relievo Unemploy ment. —A letter which: keenly interest ed Bungarco Shire Councillors at yes terday’s meeting was one from the Public Works department with regard to the Comnionwealtb-Stato grant of £140,000 for unemployment relief works'. Apart from ,£85,000 set aside for specilic work to be undertaken by shire councils, the council, was asked to notify tho department of its require ments. ' For each £2 available under the conditions of t-lie grant £1 will have to be spent, by the. council. In reference to the grant Mr. E. J. Hogan, M.L.A., wrote suggesting thati the council should apply for a grant to clear tho I’ulL width of the Bolwarrnh. road from'Flynn’s to Strickland’s, and also to make a part of it. Ho pointed out that the road is very wet because tho green timber is nearly meeting overbold, and tho road cannot dry. It was decided to ask the Government for £3O lor'the joint, work at Mollon ghip, asked fou by Messrs. Taylor and! Mason, and to make a request • foul £CO for the work at Bolwarral\, refer red to b'v Mr. Hogan, ;uwl..for £lOO for works at Giles lane and the Sand Hill- CIO for work on tlic boundary road between Bungarco and Ballarat Sast, near Lakeland's, £5O for Slaty Crock road, and £2O for works at Howitt street. . Grants for Maintenance. —The Coun try Bonds Board has informed the Bungarco Shire Council that £2oo has been allotted for maintenance of the Eqllavat-Melbourne- road, £2OO toi maintenance of road from Ballarat to Mount Rowan, and £5OO for mainten ance of the Ballarat to Daylcsiord road. In addition the board proposes to spend £11)00 on. construteion of the Crcswick road, 'Ballarat to Mount Rowan portion. Aspersions on Force Resented. A well-attended meeting of tho Ballarat police was held at the City Police sta tion last night, to consider, what- ac tion should ho taken with regal'd to the stiitcuicnfc of jVI r Wallace, in which ho said that in Victoria as well as elsewhere, *lOlllO of tho greatest criminals are in. tho ranks of the- dc tectivcs and iwlicc force. Constable E\ "Craig was in tho chair. Several speakers expressed great indiguation at iho aspersions cast by Mr [Wallace on the force. Constable DSnieis moved; and Constable Harvey seconded, “That this meeting of members of tlio -Vic torian police stationed in the central district;,' strongly protest against the disparaging and cowardly remarks <h Mr Wallace, M.L.A., during his speech on tho Juries Bill, in which lio attack ed the honesty of tho Victorian police and detective foroes, and also that this meeting endorse tho action of the exe cutive of tho Police Association, ill in sisting upon the withdrawal or the calumny.” It was further resolved that Mr Wallace lie asked to name tho men in tho service whom lio defines as criminals. Tho motion was carried unanimously. Freewill Offering.—Last night the result of tho annual freewill offering made at tho Neil Street Methodist Church towards the reduction of the church debt was announced at a meet ing, over which the pastor, (the Rev. Ja"iues Smith) presided. Tho treasurer (Mr J. Embling) said:—“l have very much pleasure in making known to vou the very lino result of our free will offering of Sunday, fast, anti 1 am sure you will agree me that wo have very much cause for thank fulness.' In,tho year 1918 our poopie gave the siim of £l6l/12/11: in 1919, £l5B/11/4; 1920, £166/5/; 1921, £143 od; a total of £630/9/8; or, an aver age of i£ls7/12/o at each annual free will offering. On Sunday we received the splendid amount of £l6O/1/4. This of course is apart from our ordinary Sunday collection.” The secretary (Mr. 13. Angwin) furnished figures re lating to tho year’s finances. The chairman said that having heard these statements ho was ready to offer his congratulations to tho congregation for their liberality. Ho • had, moved round the State of Victoria a good deal during his ministry of over thirty years, and wanted to say that ho had not met a people to surpass Neil street in giving. Judging by. a somewhat condensed report appearing in the papers quite recently, ono would think that what ho had said was inaccurate. He had scrutinised the figures, and from a membership point of view'Neil street stood tho highest-in tho circuit. It was far from his purpose to pit one place against another, but ho feared that an injustice had been done to Neil street, and bo took this oppor tunity of eoi-rrccting some misconcep tions. It were well to keep in mind the fact that tlio Lord sits over against the “.treasury.” Ho knows people’s giving power, and He also knew what they gave. Bank Manager's Transfer.—A re presentative gathering of tho friends of Mr E. T. Craddock, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, who. nJ be ing transferred to the management of tlie Geelong branch, was held at Craig’s Hotel yesterday afternoon to make arrangements for a. farewell and presentation to him. Mr W. G l .. Fin laysou presided, and those present! forinod themselves into a committee, with Mr H- Bartrop as lion, secretary and treasurer. Subscriptions were im nouneed to lie coming in satisfactorily. A later meeting will decido us,to what form tho presentation will take, and 1 the date of it. Lecture on Armenia.—ln the. City Hall to-night at- 8 o’clock Professor Meredith Atkinson will lecture on his personal experience while recently travelling tbroifeh Armenia. He. will bo assisted by tho Rov. S. Deuchar (secretary for the relief of the Arme nians in Victoria), who wall show the moving .picture, “Alice in Hunger land.” The appeal for Ballarat andj district will be lannehod at, this meet-; ing. Tho Mayor (Cr W. R. Elsworth) will preside. A Social Evening.—A very enjoy able evening was held, at the Essex Hciel on Saturday evening on the oc casion of a send-off to on aid and es teemed citizen, Mr John Henderson, amt his family, who are about to take np their, residence in Melbourne. Mr Henderson was presented with a fine Barling pipe, and Mrs Henderson with a handsome hand-bag. Among iEe artists wlio contributed items were Messrs 11.I 1 . Wright, Crick, Caldwell, Wilson, Henderson, while Mr V. J. Hawkins rendered great, assistance with the gramophone, giving 'fine sc-, lections. ‘ In 3lr Henderson Wcndonrce is losing one of its best residents, and among those, who will.'miss-him will be those associated with' tho Labor move ment. City Police Court.—The . only case listed at the City Police Court yester day was that, of On Wah versus Dik Kee, in which the former, a Main road merchant, sued his compatriot, who resides in Warrnambool, 'to recover £6B/7/6. In order to bring the case within the jurisdiction of this court the plaintiff abandoned the claim to all moneys over £5O. On Wah, however, failed to appear, as did Sik Kee, and under tlio circumstances ...Mr • Lazarus (for the plaintiff)" asked' that the cane be .adjourned.till'Friday, for which day another,.Chinese, case is listed. - This was agreed to bv the bench—Messrs W. W.'(Harris,* P.M., W. T.' Humph reys, (L Crocker, and 3v J. Prttnrd, W/S.p. 