I STATE PARLIAMENT. ' BRISBANE. July 6. I In the Legislative Assembly to-day, ! f!cfr<>s|)eelive Bents i The Minister for Lands, Mr. Coyne, »'formed Mr. Morgan thct the amount received hy the Treasury for rctro-pc tivc landa rents was £02,01 A. IGovernment Relief. The Premier, Mr. Theodore, told Mr. Morgan that thc amount expended in Government relief in the year ended th 2 30th of June last was JC1Ï4.0M. Soldier Settlers. , Mr. Coyne, in reply to Mr. King, raid that the number of soldiers placed on blocks in gecrjp settlements in thc finan- cia» years 131, to IR2i was 11)1*1. Of tln«e. IT.'iS were on the blocks on thc 30tb ot June last. Proposed Salaries It eduction. Mr. Peterson asked thc Premier if he would consider the advisableness of a re- duction in Ministers' salaries and of cur- tailing the travelling allowance privileges, and a reduction of members' salaries pro pnrtionatfly to the distance from their electorates from the seat of government. Mr. Theodore replied that thc inten- tions of the tíovernmcnt would bc dis- closed at the proper time. The Italian Influx. Mr. Theodore, in reply to Mr. Peterson stated that the Government had not placed any financial embargo on Italian »ad Danish immigrants, and, further, thai the state had no power to do so, it being solely a. matter for the Commonwealth, j Bowen Coalfield Railway. I Mr. Theodore, in answer to Mr. Elphin- stone, «tated that the Bowen Coal- field Ballway would be completed for tralk ¡not later than Septen ber next. New Standing Orders. Thc House proceeded to.deal with the report of the Committee appointed to revise the Standing Orders. The new rules were agreed to up to rule 16, which limited the time for debate on the - Addreas-ln-BepJy to four days Opposition members strongly protested against the curtailment of their rights aud twitted thc, Government with being afraid of criticism. After a long debate, The Leader of the Country party, Mr. Vowles, asked Mr. Theodore if fae would accept a compromise between four days and nine days. The Premier replied in the negative. The daune limiting the debate on thc Addrcas-in-Reply to four days was then carri ed. The other Standing Orders as amended were then agreed 6». The Bouse then adjourned until to- morrow. 