AN EXCLUSIVE IMMIGRATION j POLICY. While the- principle of prefi ren *0 to P.iitish subjects when dealing with im liiigration ia a very laudable one, the Htend taken by the Premier in regard to tiiiF question 'as revealed in the Legis lative Assembly on Friday last, will cause many people to wonder whether tl.ere isn't' a tendency to create too rigid a system, to Ihe detriment of tlio i:ijiid peopling of Ihe Stnle with a type of sett It r, whose compatriots have rlone^ sin h excellent service _ in pioneering «nm of oi|i' firoatfil prnnaiy iiiuus irics. \V« ?' rcferjyto tin-; ifaVtiiing ; pi'ojiles of Denmark, ninny of whom have done a tiymcpijnuo neryife in tliisl M :1 c hy industriouwy applying them m-lves to acricnltural development, Mr. Theodore Raid in effect, in reply to a question from tlie member for Xor iiinnby, thnt provided the Danish farm ers were possessed of not less than £70fl encli, he would be glad to consider nny proposal that would lead to their m. t! lenient in Queensland. While Mr. Theodore's plah is apparently aimed .-it tlie avoidanee of having an influx of (citufti people -.vitliout a fair measure of capital, so :is not to accentuate the dittress that is being experienced in j many parts of the State, it would be interesting to learn why. lie shows any j artjpathy to the settlers oi' Denmark j carving out a livelihood in Queensland. The iinuneial embargo, for that is what i; virtually amounts to, that is being imposed on tiie Danish people, is one , thnt will probably have the effect of (or.Kidcraldy limiting the number wltb lci.ve their native Bliores for this State, . [which is actually 'hungering' for de I v- lopnient. The reply to Mr. IVtir son's question in.. the House was one | that v-ill probaiiiy -c rente the belief | that the tiovcrnutent is adopting too e-orifiervative a policy in connection ' n-itli the awistanre rendered iu matters of imniigration. The desirableness of affording every possible help to a class of settler, whose predecessors have jtroved their lionn-lides hy thrift and industry, is n!) too obvious. 