Land Settlement ? o— CALIFORNIA'S WAY (By Elwood Mead.) I. The jolloictng article by Elwood Mead— icell knpwn\im 'Australia — on 'Mow California is helping people own farms and rural homes,' has its interest for us, now that land settlement is 'being discussed so much. Always bearing in mind that American conditions are w-t Australian, and that some of the things that apply therewould not apply here — ice have to work out our -ncn problems. LAND FOR THE LANDLESS POOR. The landless poor man and the ten ant farmer must be given a chance to ow» farms if we are tc- keep the right kind of boys and girls on the land. Something is needed which will do for economic democracy what was formerly achieved by the free home stead. Free land is not possible, but a generous system of credit and organised community life with coopera tion as a cornerstone and with prac tical advice and encouragement foe those who need it, will provide an the oDDortunity needed for those will ing to work and save. Under such a plan young men and women who have a little capital can start life on farm a of their own and have a lifetime in which to pay for them. It will rescue the tenant farmer from having to spend' his life farming the land some one else owns. Such a credit system makes the time of paying for a farm long enough to permit the money being earned out of crops. Settlers can go ahe&d; with improvements because the tenure is secure and the small pay ments are no more burdensome than rent would be. If, with this credit, there is created an organised commun ity life, it will mean a higher rural civilisation than c&u; come from un planned development. REVOLT AGAINST TENANTRY. Some adequate system of advice and credit is needed to enazle worthy land less people with little money to become farm owners, and' in this way, avert the growing dangers and evils of ten antry. From being a nation of farm oiwnejrs, we are rapidly becoming a nation of tenant cultivators. Half of the land in some of the richest ag ricultural states is now farmed by tenants. As a rule, the leases are short, most of the tenants remaining only one or two years on a single farm. In this, and in other particulars, the conditions of these tenants are worse than they are in Jiuropoan countries because law and custom has not thrown the safeguards around tenantry in the United States that they have where it is an older institution. But in these older countries, the peasant farmer has revolted against \- -tenantry:- He insists on ownership or a tenure equivalent to ownership. In order to allay this unrest and hold people on the land, Great Britain has spent over 500,000,000 dollars in; help ing the Irish peasant to become a farm owner. Germany has spent 400,000,000 dollars between 190ti and 1914 in help ing men become farm owners. In 1900, about 9U per cent oi tne ranu .01 Denmark was farmed by discouraged tenants. In. 1920, 90 per cent of it is farmed by enthusiastic and patriotic owners. The Credit Fonder made France a nation of iartu owners. 'I he Land Purchase Act of Ireland has put owners on nine million acres of land. KEEPING UP THE STANDARD. Prof. Ross in 'The Old \\\ orld in the New' calls attention to the fact that Americans had been driven out of many farm industries in California through farm owners bringing into the country people of a lower standard of living and of lower moral tone. Good people were driven out by cheaper people just as bad money drives out good money. If this policy ot securing tariu neip wherever it can be had is to continue, then we must have some organised ef fort to lift these people up to Amercican standards of life and ot living and to endeavor to instill in them some ot the ideas that have made this country what it is. From the landing ot the first settlers at Plymouth Hock and in \ ir ginia, the people who made this coun try were noted for their fortitude, their coolness in danger, their orderly habits of life, consideration for the weak and interest in government. They were people whose morals and stan dards of living made their children men and women of strength and beauty. The good looks of the descendants of American pioneers of Massachusetts, Virginia, Kentucky, and California had' their origin in both ancestry and right living. So long as there was free land, rural America was largely made up of this fine type of people. The first immi grants from Great Britain and France wero followed by other waves of im migrants from the Scandinavian coun tries, Germany and Ireland. ? They were being fused into a harmonious rural society when free land disappear ed and a new type of immigrant ap peared. 'What these are in California is shown by a recent report of the Im luigjrniiai! and Housing' Oommissio^i * which gives the following racial sum mary ot the farm laborers of California : 'Albanians, East Indians, Filipinps, Greeks, Spaniards, Slavonians, Poles, Russians, Syrians, Mexicans, Maltese, Japanese, Chinese, Portuguese, Armen ians, Italians, a few Scotchmen and Germans, and here and there an Ame rican. Of these, 60 per cent ore migratory and 40 per cent are local, with jobs averaging from 10 to 15 days in length.' These people are separated by lan guage from each other and from tho past ideals and standards of American rural life. They need something like the organized community activities of Durham to break down the barriers of i religion, customs, racial habits and language. At present, there is also a lack of family life because we have had no provision for homes for farm laborers. As the men greatly outnum ber the women, they live in bunk houses and have no social status or interest in community progress. These con ditions must be changed if the future of American rural civilization is to equal it3 past. If some of these back ward, emotional, unstable peoples are left to herd alone, they will not be lifted up to American standards, but tho standards of poorer countries will be established here. LABOR THAT IS TOO CHEAP. There are many who believe that the public school will alone transform what would otherwise be country slums | that we can ignofe the way families live in '?- their homes if we look after the edu cation of the children. The reports of the State Immigration and Housing Commission show that this is a cheer ful delusion. Where the people of one race flock together, the schools do not have a fair chance. Many of their churches oppose the public schools. They tell the chi^'en this is the road to hell. They nave their own news papers and in effect create little Balkan states and little Japans in the part of California that ought to be purely American. If we import people from countries where the conditions of life are hard in order to get cheap farm labor, its evils will not touch ttie wealthy or the well-to-do. if there was an immigration which would compete with our people in banking, commerce and the profes sions as those who come from the sub merged countries of eastern Europe or Asia now compete with those who work in factories or oil the farm, there would be a protest from those who now advo cate this policy. As it is now, the cleanliness, the education and the moral standards which we have slowly built up in this country act like a poison wucu the people who hold them are forced to compete with others who have the standards of living of the middle agvs. Asiatics displace Americans by pay ing higher prices for land and higher rents tor farms than white farmers are able or - willing to pay.- - - They do this - because they nave been trained In ail: economic competition that is the despair of the individualistic and generous American. Their hours ox labor, cheapness of Jiving and racial team work are advantages which have en abled them to displace the American wherever they seriously undertake u. Owners of land who are more interested in what they can make out of it than in protecting the racial integrity of the country, rent or sell to whoever pays the highest price and in this way social and economic conditions of untold ser iousness are being created. ROOTS OF GOVERNMENT. The time has come when we must give more attention to the contribution which rural life makes to human so ciety. Whether we have good govern ment or bad government depends quite largely on public opinion and to nave an intelligent public opinion in the country, t&riuers; must have time to read, think, meet together and discuss public affairs. They cannot uo thia li they have to compete with the men Mio are able to pay high prices for land or high rents ror tarins because of their low standards of living. Under such competition the time anu strength of the American family must be given up to the hard task of making a liv iug. Governor Stephens has called the at tention of the Federal Government to the need for a law which will preserve the American' standards of rural life on the Pacific Coast. This cannot be done if we open wicj© the doors to the 800,000,000 or Orientals who are moved by an unrest and migratory impulse never before known In history, or ir we bring here any large part ot the 180, 000,UU0 now struggling to escape trom the chaotic conditions «pf Russia or Eastern Europe. As this country has drawn more 'and more from countries with lower stan dards of living, it has become less and less attractive to the intelligent and pro gressive immigrants from northern Europe. It crowds out the Danish, Welsh, French and German just as it crowds out the American. There is no question, that it is creating social slums in the countrv districts of -Cali- e ? .1 ? i ? . lUiiLiu, uuuis ik. is nuw uui; social progress, but it menaces both the social and political future of the State. But, li we are to maintain high social and economic ideals oh the farm, if the American family is to be able to clothe and educate cheir chil dren, then there must be in this coun-, try as there has been in the countries of Western Europe and Australia, con structive action by the government which will open to American farmers and farm workers the opportunities for land and farm ownership formerly af forded by free land. Tins cannot be left to private enter prise because the incentive to tiio action is social and political, and not to make money. The reasons that led Australia to advance hundreds of mil lions of dollars to building up a sound rural civilization and keep out the swarming tides of Orientals that sought to come in, must sooner or later con strain California - and other American states to adopt the policies of tho Cali fornia Land Settlement Act. HOW LAND FOR SETTLEMENT IS ACQUIRED. Land for two settlements has been bought. In each case the Board ir* vitod offers of- Iapd in areas laige enough to provide not leas than 100 farms. Four thousand acres was the minimum area which would be consid ered. About 40 different tracts were offered at the time of the first pur chase, and about 80 tracts at the time of the second. The soil of tho different tracts was examined by Prof. C. F. Shaw, Profes sor of Soil Technology at the University of California, and his assistants. His reports have greatly aided the Board. The Dean of the College of Agriculture is the expert adviser regarding the suitability of land to be purchased and the price which ought to be paid. Prof Frank Adams, in charge ot irrigation investigations, has advised the Board regarding water rights and suitability of soil lor irrigation. Prof. W. B. Herms has reported on health condit ions. Iktth of the tracts purchased are ir rigable. The irrgation canals at Dur ham are completed and are being oper ated by the settlors' association. The distributing system at Delhi will be completed' for the first and second units in time for irrigation in 1921. A contour and soil survey of both tracts has been made. These help to fix the shape, size, and price of farms. Experts of the College of Agriculture have rendered important aid in the early development of these settlements. The Board employs a superintendent to act as the friendly practical adviser of settlers and a farm stead engineer helps plan farm build ings and lay out the farms. At Durham, about 30,000 dollars was expended in preparing farms for cul tivation before they were turned over to settlers. A similar course has been followed' at Delhi, where laiyi was seed ed to alfalfa and 130,000 rooted grape vines were planted before the farms were sold. (to be continued.) 