IRELAND'S STORY The Danish Invasion IIL (BY C. C. Ft.). In the eighth and ninth centur^ 'h' treated the natives of Knn lQ a lot u'f the aame cause that the S- ot? had ladled out to tbe Plcts or Uallouny. They conquered Ireland, and held it tor two years, but they weir beaten In battle at CIonlarT. AD. )--::?. ana thi battleaxe of the Irish but I'own tn-! sword of the Danes, uho iivvlt re covered tnefr aacenilancy. They added few words to th.j lantuaci, but they left tbe City of DuM;n. We have talked of relimon, and we have talked of monaniii.es. What Has the religion ot Uiv period? The Inhabitants ot all Ireland were re ligious, and from St»,h 10 South It waa all the same — Celtic. Tho Celtic Church propounded that form of rrllffion brou&ht; over from ihe East by the Aryan, or Celtic Immi grants, and maintained monasteries, which were taken over by the Roman Catholic Immigrants who succeeded thorn. It waa not until A.D. lit: that the whole Island, at tho Synod of Kplli. In Antrim, waa subjected to the l'a pacy. Therefore the Christian Church In Ireland had maintained complete Independence from the Pupal See. The descendants of these Eastern Immigrants love to call ihomselves pose them. Ireland belonged to thctu* Irish before (lie arrival of Ihs Danr.». and they recovered their Island when they expelled the Intruders. The people ran wild an usual, and the country, :(s a mercy to the Inhnbi Pope was the next selector. But he only rrtninrd it fir three years. Apparently the inh.iMtnnts were not quite up to his exp--c:.-.-.lnn. Wlien England Came In In A.D. HiS tl:e J»o|-r (Adrian IV.) eranted n Hull u- H.-nry II.. Klvlne him tho riclit tu nwum the IsL-ind, nnd ogn^fnp to dlvi1!'1 the ppfills an chn-kine the- torr-nt of wli-ki ilno^s! rrllRion.'' nnd In f-inl'i-r --''ii-nl« r'.ili'ii' .:f .1 pavmi'nt of ,» !?? l-nr !'T Iioum ltiri/n'i''h.:idr not to r.tflit for tli. klnciliim. iro (ii.il; -tun knisliti ai.,l -nno fr.ot pold!(rp. Inn llm n«il 'M*. only for dlwlay. II- w«-:u owr t' Duhlln hlms»lf to receive the hoimm of the Kooil fnlk there. He Klwol; the Hull al tliem. anil he pot Ihe l.tn.1. The rlcro' timibli'd over ca.h other lo riM-elve him. The IVlnc-n nf Lrf-inster and Mttni'tor bowed their he.ids and nt knowledRcd the KncliFh ral'l'mr:ni:llshl. flU'l- ine\ud-il. l'll Hi- JriMi :m,l VVtcr Frofs «ere -:n from KiUMied v'ith th' cxai.nt,-.'. 