DAIRYMANS' .CONFERENCE :'At s emlWy' oflbet.wcei two a d!:hree hundred d irymen i set` in conference at the -Temperance' Hif -MItb5iurne, on 24th in.t., to considleia ??ys and meuans. of imp'oving t0heir "trade conditions generally. Correspondenice which had been. received by: the Seeretary of the Central COuncil of the Victorian Far ners' . Ulion, liy hose directioo n the dc'e ates wcroe stiiuino: e ', was dealt With',ullrr.dly in order to ' get on tin tacks." 'Farmers in New Sutnlh Wales and Qitrcenshliid have aiready inatde a niove'in the matter of a stabalihed butter maiiket. 'Judge ltoldid in N. .\VW.sent a qualified man tofind out fronu:i5 dairy ineu the actual tist of iroducing aipound of butekr. This he estinante:! to be not less than 2/3 it the men l.n the laind-were to recetce ai fair return. In his opening ad'dress, the Chairman, Mr Waltcry,' president of the V'ictorian F;armners Uni n, reminde I his hearers that the law of supp.y and den tmd 1n was as dead as Julius tie:ssar. Are farmiers going to be"co; tnt to leian oil the oi4 suipp y and- d.cnl ntd u hilst tar iffs and - arbtratiop 'cotit o e other iudustr.es. STwo thilds'of the butter produced here is consented locally. The rtmaiudi r which after a period of retrogression is sold on the Londoh m rket. It is the pric'e of this latter which fixes the price of the remaining two thirdl which is used in A.ustrala. Butter is costing "2JL per lb to produce on the average \ Victorian dairy farm. The leader otthe country party in the\ State 'larliament (Mr Allan M.LL.A.) ul'ged dnirytilen to stand solidly together and demaind a price' for their .--odtuce that would give thin tm fair relurn. "I- - canniot understand" he said ".why so nlallny podu'ers are 'protectionists.' Dairymen had a right to control their industryinud they could do that if the3 wmuld only stand thoulder to shoulder and organise. (Hcar; liear) There was a general discussion during the morning and'only bonafide dairymen hal the 'right to speak. A member 'of the recent interstate Bjutter Conference addressed the meeting, but his advice to follow the lead of ithat confeirence was not warmly ieeeived as those delegates iierte Lot "ippoiuted by dlairymen. The feeling of the meeting 'was that the con trol of the riarket must-be in the hands of direct representa4tives of the produ-. cers thrmselves. Severrl delegates em phasized the ineel for be tee p ices f r. the soldier settlers who liid .heavy pay. mntuts to meet. The opinion was x-i pres-etd that alny.g!nuinie eiorts an the pitt of dnir?iinle?ethemnelvgs '.would receive. more atttentq at n ji ture 45' e. aovernment aw re coneerned ' ith the welfare of the soldier settle'r. 4. n r r13aim of l)erriintl urn. a ret.unel man Ih nm-elf, 'said the soldiers did not wait any concessions, but simp y a just price for their produce. (Apph.u:i.l -Ir White, of :lor. ell, reminded.the delegates that loth lthe tate tn .FIde ral Governients were 'eniouraging imm'igration to Austr'tiia. WVhat tht, first must deal with is the welfare of the people who are already on the land. After the luncheon hour the resolu tions.of various branch delegates were dealtwith. Mr Patterson, of Spring field submiittled a resolution 'which, after some addition of "pepper" was a opted by the Conference. In his.remarks Mr Patterson said, ' We must all be free traile or else all on a protection basis. Dairying, even before the war, was a sweated indust'ry.. Our butter as sold locally was equal to' Danish and it was absurd that the sur plus, after a six weeks. sea voyage, should dei:ide the price of what remains for'Australian use." The decision that the Conference arrived at,. runs as follows.-"That the time is ripe for cream'producers ins this State to take action in harmony with other States and New Zealand, to pro perly orgalnise thile marketing of their produce nn Federal lines. That a conm tiittee representing all parts of this state be apl:ointed l.y this ga'her I ing to devise a workable scheme and to select delegates from its number to con Sf. r with kindred bodies in thisand other states.. Such committee dto consist of onedelegate for the Westorn District ias far as Camlperdouwn, and one delegate from. beyond Camperdown. One from Gippsland in tin line, one from the sout lern line, three delegates front Central, Northern and PNorth Easlern Victori:a, one frbomi the .Returned Soldiers, one from the Gentral Council of VF.U." - Mr W" 1i. Burrage of Moe was elec ted by the Central Gippsland delegates. SThe expenses of this committee fire tdo.. I be borne as far as possible btlithe Farmers Union. The Chairman asked tihalevery financial aszistance should "be giveni-by I farmers in joiing thlleir branches of the SIunion and hol'dingitogether.-Contribu I ted. 