Nets in Iriel Onion weed is obtaining such a bold in Karrnambool (V.), district, that the local governing body is taking action to com pel land owners to keep it in check. « Fool-aud-Moutli disease has been prac tically stamped .out in England, at a cost of £1,400,000, and a loss of 52,000 ani mals. a « The Victorian factory of the Nestle Condensed Milk Company has just com pleted an order for 46,000 cases of con- ' densed milk for the near East. The milk was manufactured in the Western District of Victoria, r Whilst working on the top of a wheat silo at Wyalong, N.S.W., a man over balanced and fell a distance of 60 feet to the ground. He escaped death through falling on the hood of a car beneath, and suffered a broken leg only. » A cable states that during the past 12 months nearly a million men were em ployed throughout the United States on road construction and repairing, chiefly for motor traffic. The registration of motor vehicles in the United States for the first five mon ths of this year is maintaining the aver age increase of the past seven years. The total registration during 1921, was 10,- 488,632, perpesenting an increase of nearly a million over those of 1920. « The Canadian Government has recently distributed 400 registered bulls among the grade or scrub herds of Western Can ada, in order to improve the standard of cattle in the Dominion. The bulls are sold on easy terms of payment and at prices that are remarkable low on ac count of the wholesale buying by the Government. The Commonwealth Parliament re opened in Melbourne on Wednesday, when the Governor-General, in his ad dress stated that the revenue for the year v.ould exceed the estimate, and show a surplus over expenditure. Wool growers in South Africa propose to form a farmers' association with the object to get producers to class their wool on Australian methods and improve their flocks on standard Australian lines. « « Private cables from Chicago state that the outlook for the American yield of winter wheat is much better than a month ago. The estimate by the Agri cultural Bureau is now 607,000,000 bushels as against 570,000,000 bushels estimated in May last. The spring wheat- is esti mated to yield 247,000,000 bushels. «- It is reported that in New South Wales a number of sheds have begun shearing strictly in accord with the terms of the new award. Throughout the Common wealth, except Queensland, where a State award prevails, graziers have decided to adhere firmly to the award, and in no case has shearing been started on any ether condition. One of the delegates at the Adelaide Conference of those interested in the cattle industry stated that the present conditions of the industry in Australia had been brought about mainly by the neglect ot breeders to produce suitable for the export trade. One of the murderers of Rathenau was arrested whilst crossing the Danish front ier, this being an ex-officer named Tilles- sen, who is also suspected to have been implicated in the murder of Erzberger. ex-deputv Prime Minister, who was shot after the singning of the armistice. The New South Wales Government proposes to introduce legislation during the coming session making compulsory the licensing of butchers shops, and ali places where articles of human food are exhibited for sale ; also all places where food is sold, such as restaurants, etc., as well as places where food is cooked for human consumption at such places. This legislation is required to empower inspec tors to seize all food considered not fit for human consumption. Interest on unpresented wheat certifi cates for 1921-22 season will cease on July 15, states the Minister controlling the State Wheat Pool, (Mr. H. K. Malev) In order to make the public acquainted with the class of vessel to be used in a monthly passenger service to Britain, which the Commonwealth has decided to inaugurate immediately, a model of the "Morelon Bay" (one of the steamers to be used in this service) is being exhibit ed in Boan's window, Perth. « The Government is arranging to hold a winter course for farmers at the Nnr- rogin School for Agriculture, from July 17 to 28th. The syllabus includes courses in every branch of agriculture and farm work. f A conference of unions held in Perth recently, to discuss the action of the Gov ernment in reducing wages and increas ing hours of labor, it was decided that all members of unions should be request ed to pay a levy of 1/- per week to es tablish a fund for the defence of the basic wage. A telegram from New South Wales states that the wheat areas in every part of the State but the North, have been benefited by the almost general rain which has fallen during the week. Fall up to an inch and a half have been recorded in a number of places. The dredging of Albany harbor is to commence shortly, a dredge having left Melbourne en route to Albany for that purpose some - days ago. The completion of the work will enable such vessels as the Ceramic to go alongside the wharf with safety. V - Owing to the reduced price for wheat in- London, it is the intention of the Gov ernment to reduce the local price in con- \- fortuity, as from July I, the price of offal . being correspondingly lessened. t The Kalgoorlie Municipal Council lias resolved to petition the State Government to allow the importation of cattle from the Eastern States, via the Trans-Aus tralian railway, for the Goldfields, such animals to be slaughtered on arrival. AParis cable states tbat the young woman Bessarabo, recently acquitted on a charge of having murdered her father, has signed a contract with an American kiiienia film to act in a film portraying the crime, of which the mother was found guilty. » While a number of men were engaged on reconstruction work in the Wvtesch- aete (Flanders) area, an old shell explod ed killing 11 and injuring 3 workers. # A Washington cable reports that Mexi can bandits have captured 40 Americans and seized the Cortez Oil Company's pro- j perty at Tampico. The United States Government has demanded that the Mex ican Government shall lake immediate action to release the prisiouers and sup press the bandits. In connection with the arrival »l im migrants by the Demosthenes at Albauy on Monday, a special train has been ar ranged for. leaving Albany at 7.30 p.m., arriving Katanning 1.22 a.m., arriving at. Perth 1.58 p.m., Tuesday. Whilst travelling to attend Dr. Rath- enau's funeral at Berlin by underground railway, a number of persons were killed through a collision with another train in a tunnel. It is estimated that 26 persons "were killed outright, and GO more or less seriously injured. The sailing of the Commonwealth liner Largs Bay froiu Sydney, has been defer red through the action of the Seamen's union in attempting job control. The General manager of the line has slated that if tlie seamen persist in their tactics the line will be transferred to the Brit ish register and worked under British shipping regulations. 