THE FEDERAL ELECTIONS. Campaign Begun at Renmark. ADDRESSES BY MESSRS.. POSTER, ROWELL AND McLACHLAN. Jftenmark electors ere apparently inot taking very keen interest in the Federal contest judging, by the small attendance at the Institute on Mon day Sight, when election: (addresses were delivered by the Hon. R. W. Poster (Minister of Public Works and Railways), Senator Rowell (the Nationalist candidate) and Mr. A. j. McLachlan (Liberal candidate for the Senate). The chair, was occupied by Mr. F. W. Cutlack, who briefly introduced the speakers. Mr. Poster said he was pleased with the opportunity given him to renew his acquaintance iftvitih old ftenmark friends. He had rather , vivid recollections of his last cam?' paignlag visit to Renmark, for on that j occasion the temperature had been 116 in the shade.. . Mr. McLachlan-You always make things hot. (Laughter). Mr. Foster-Yes, we had a melting time of it all right. Continuing, Mr. Foster said it was unfortunate, but nevertheless <a fact, that comparatively little was known of Federal affairs in most parts of the States, and he could readily un derstand) such a position owing to th© meagre reports given Federal matters in the metropolitan newspap ers. Of -course, people who took Hansard had an idea of what went on, but he would not recommend anyone to subscribe to that paper. (Laughter). The daily papers did mot give their readers even a fair idea of the business transacted in the Federal House, and unless there was a row on more space was given to a dog fight. Many statements had appeared* in the' papers concerning the millions of pounds that were sup posed to iiave ^been wasted. But such statements were not true, and had been greatly exaggerated. it was only to be expected that folioWr ing the war there should be some losses, but then mistakes had- been mad© by all the Governments of the nations that had been'involved In the war. They had only te take their Imperial Government, where. in spite of the fact that the best brains of the country had been called in, millions of money had been unwarran tably expended. He would not say for one moment that there had- not been room in the Federal sphere for economy in expenditure, but under the extraordinary circumstances that had prevailed they had done \< well. In -Mr. Bruce they had a Treasurer who was one of the most honourable men in the commercial world and who was one of the clear? est thinkers and most lucid of speak ers. Five days before the -Budget was brought down the Treasurer had. estimated its amount to within £5,000, which was ,,a . marvellous feat of accountancy. Australia was in a far better .postion to-day than any of the other countries that had been engaged in the war, and we were not nearly so badly off as some of the critics of the Government made peo ple believe.. The Federal Capital. Although he had' previously done his level best to defer expenditure on Canberra, he was convinced -that Nature had given them what would ultimately be one of the finest capital cities in the world. He believed, too, that Canberra would not cost the people pf Australia a single penny, <as since it had been purchased land val ues had risen tremendously. The land in the locality was capable of carrying about a sheep to the acre, and the natural features of the coun try were simply wonderful. - The climate, too, was most salubrious and very healthy. in 50 years he bei Ueved that Cfyaberra would be the finest capital Jgy in the worlds With regard to defence matters, Mp Foster said that the Government had cut expenditure in that direction tp the absolute minimum "and they were not prepared: to reduce the graat by a single shilling. Practically only the nucleus of ft force now remained. Their contribution to ihe Murray Waters scheme during tthe current year would be $5i7;000; and for im^ migration £800-000. During thp Past: year a gutter of a million had been contributed to the yaiigus Stated on a Z- for £ subsidy Aasis to relief of temporary unemployment. . . f -VicSesSi r des^lopeias trMnfenabusly; rfeoerit f&pcs;, ;;^aiid; a-^Sjilcy the pate telegraphic "and, telephonic. sys teins iiaia^»een?^liaia^ei^ ^ up-toP : {OpirtiStted f> 1HE FEDERAL ELECTIONS. Campaign Begun at Renmark. (Continued from Page 1). post office expenditure from revenue during the current year would- be £7 750,000. It had been generally found 'that those who cried most ab out wasteful expenditure |( like mem bers of the Country Party) were the first to ask for additional facilities. It was intended to appoint a board ot business men to manage the concern. Man? of the men of the service were : rapidly leaving .the department be cause they had had attraetive offers of employment elsewhere. H pj16^ were to retain their best men they would have to I»ay them higher wages. The Government was de termined to make the conditions in the -country <as attractive as possible for the men and women who liad per formed the pioneering work. Willi ( this end in view it was intended to j provide telephonic (facilities where j they were justfied, and without ti . i necessity of settlers having to guar antee against a loss.^ In truade our department the British Postal Department had been induced to loan to Australia for three years a man who was a mechanical ex pert in telephonic and telegraphic j matters, and it was hoped that much benefit would result from his visit. The policy of neglecting the outlying places had been going on for too! long. The least they could do was to see that Mrs. So and So on the farm was able to ring up and speaKj to her neighbour two or three miles away- He considered rapid means of communication necessary to Stlie successful development of the lani*-j just as necessary, in fact, as the plough. (Applause). The Primary Producers. During the war and since the war the Government |iad shown special concern for the primary producer. No other Government had ever look ed after the interests of the man on the land mor>.. The prnnas v pri. ducers would have been absolutelyj ruined during the war had it not been] for the Federal Government's inter-! vention and co-operation with the j States in helping the farmers. rh^y ell knew about the pools. The wool clip had just come in when war was declared, and some of the brok ers had urged farmers to sen at six pence a pound-. The wool scheme,: fcowever, pulled; .them through and resulted in record prices being ob tained. Much the ssme position obtained. with *"es~ pect to wheat, and had it not been for the pool wheat would Have been almost unsaleable at six pence a bushel. Largely as a result of the pools 500 millions sterling hau been distributed in Australia, and the primary producers had never experi enced such successful years. isow that conditions were reverting to nor mal the Government were going out >f business, but they were not by; my means deserting the producers, j They had saved some men of mod erate means from disaster, because without the wheat pool they could ' not have held on to ^heir produce and would have been compelled to sell when prices had been unprofit able. Overseas Markets. There was not an assured world's market for some classes of produce grown in Australia, and the Govern ment was determined to help in ev ery way towards finding markets. Australian butter sold in London was not given a fair chance when compet ing; with Danish butter, although ours was just as good. The same applied: to meat. We got good pri ces during the war but since then beasts formerly worth £20 had been selling at £7 and £8, and in conse quence the industry in -QueentflaSnd had been faced: with ruin. Howev er, the Government's offer to grant a bonus on exported meat had brought great relief. iNotwitstend ing the violent opposition of the press to the scheme the government's ac tion had been justified. Before it had come to the aid of the industry the pasftorlists in Queensland (were really beef paupers instead of beef barons^ The' government} wanted meat to reach the British consumer direct. It was frequently sold in England at i5di. to 16d. a lb. but the grower only received 5d. or 6d. Until they could smash the formid able army of distributors in England and! get their meat sent direct to the consumer they would never get the full benefits of the sale of their pro duce. iSome critics (had fsaidl Ufoait 'the Government should leave the matter of finding markets to private people, and complained about the expense entailed in sending ;commassf.oneirs overseas in an endeavour to spy out markets. But it was significant that in all these years the mercantile firms had not found suitable markets. It was to be regretted that there were some growers and packers who ?sent fruit out of the country that was no credit to Australia. People only had to be taken down once and their custom "was lost for all time. They had to remember that they, were in competition Iwitft the Yankees, who were well aware-that it did not pay them to play tricks with.buyers. The Government "was determned to pre vent the export of fruit that did not come up to standard in quality and .appearance. . The Murray Waters. The government were this year to spend £517,000 as its share of the: cost of the construction of the locks and weirs on the .Murray . Sir Jos eph Cook, promising that the Federal government would spend a million pounds on this work induced the three interested States to come into "the scheme after 40 years of negotia tions. During that time the States were fighting and disputing as to which had the; right to the use of the water. The agreement was con summated by the Federal Government offering to contribute one fifth of the cost of the work, instead of the mil lion pounds originally promised by Sir Joseph Cook. Instead of the undertaking costing foi^r jmijllion pounds, as had originally been estim ated, it was found now that about double that sum would be required, and it would be about 12 years be fore the task was finished. How ever. water would be made available for 1,460,000 acres, and he believed that if markets were found the val ley of the Murray would carry a pro portion equal to that of South Aus tralia. - ^ Possibilities of Cotton. His Government was giving every assistance towards sthie development of cotton, and had guaranteed five pence a pound for seed cotton. In Queensland 75,000 acres was to be put under cotton cultivation this year. The cotton delegation now visiting Australia had stated that we should produce the finest cotton in the world They regarded this country as ideal for the production of the plant. In view of the ravages inflicted on the American crops by the boll weevel the Government was baking stringent measures to prevent the introduction, of the pest in this country, and' all seed imported would be subjected to a rigid examination. Some men had stated that the cotton industry in Australia would rival our wool busi ness, but if it only did half of that it would indeed be a wonderful thing for Australia. (Applause). SENATOR ROWELL. Senator Rowell said. that as a primary producer himself he was glad to come into the producing cen tres. If their huge war debt was to be paid it would be the primary producer who would have to pay most of it. He had now been their representative in the Senate for five and a half years. when he had en lered Parliament in 1917 they were i in the midst of the great war. The ' policy of the Government had been j to win the war, or to do <all it could to win it. Unfortunately, 60,000 of the boys who had gone to the oth er side had not returned. Despite that awful sacrifice it was some com pensation to know that they still.re tained the rights of British unity. .^pliause). No complaint could be made against the Government for its treatment of the returned soldiers. It had been generous in the matter of repatriation. Naturally some mistakes had occurred in the -admin istration of the services, because Parliament had had no precedent to guide it. Over 121 millions had been spent on repatriating the return ed men, including pensions, gratuity, Land settlement -and the building oi homes. ' A certain amount of that money-the sums spent on land set tlement and the building of homes would be returned to the government. He hoped,, in fact, that all the money o-nont. in that connection would b" returned, because it would indicate thiat the soldiers had made a success of their enterprizes. Tariff Proposals. The primary producers did not like the tariff. There were times when he did not like it, because it meant that they had to pay more for some of their farm implements. But at the same time they had to view the matter from the standpoint of the other fellow. During the war res trictions had been placed on the im portation of many articles. One of ihese was motor cars, and for everj three chassis bought into Australia only one body was allowed. That had necessitated the establishment in Uu, country of motor body makers, and the result was that in Adelaide now there was one firm alone (-Holdens Ltd.) with an output of nearly three quarters. of a million. He had found that in Parliament there were rabid protectionists and free {traders, 'but miany of these changed their coats when their pockets became affected. The Country Party were making great efforts to blame the Government for the tariff: A good deal of com plaint was heard respecting taxation, but considering that we had just em erged from the war, high taxation was only to be expected. Except for the great sacrifice that had been made in men, the country was little the worse1 for the war, and they had not suffered to the extent that other countries had. Our taxation only amounted to £ 12 a head as against £24 in Britain. Markets for Fruit. The things that affected Renmark most vitally were the conservation of the Murray Waters and the finding of profitable markets for fruit. The position of the dried "fruit industry was better than that of fresh fruit. :He .had sent away fresh fruit to Lon don that had been worth £80, and notwiUistending; that it had arrived in fairly good condition he was £30 worse off as a result of the ship-j ment. He was rather afraid, too ] that Hie apple exporters would' have j to pay something for sending their] (Continued on Page 7). ^ __ jpffi-fEDEKAL ELECTIONS. Campaign Begun at Renmark. f. - (Continued tVri Page 6). frjait to EfigLandy- The dried fruit? people h^;had little to Complain ab i ?s%en; it Needled*..fifflt Msht i>e;r a slump, prices were goocb. It be lioved «31 Governments to make every "endeavour to locate markets abroad. He had been greatly struck during life tour of the country at seeing the memorials that had been erected in memory of the men who had not re -fiirned from the, war. Whatever .else the people of South Australia might forget they would always re member to do honour to those brave boys Who had given their lives for their country. (Applause) MR. McLAGHLAN. ..'Mr. iMcLachlan described himself as the "odtii man out". Senators Vardon and Rowell and himself were the trio* that had been selected to contest the Senate in the interests of Hie Liberal Party. But although Mr. Hughes had given his support; to Senators "Vardon anidi Rowell, he j had asked Liberals and Nationalists j to vole for Senator Senior and had refused "to support the candidature of lumself (the speaker). White Australia Policy. ?Mr. McLachlan dealt at length, with the White Australia policy. It had been alleged that the Liberal Union was against a White Australia, but that was not so. There were no stronger advocates of a White Aus itralia than his two colleagues land himself. He believed that the next worMi revulsion would be brought about by. a struggle between the white and coloured races: By tnc ordinary natural process it took the black races only 40. years to double their population, while it took the whites 80 years to gain a similar in crease» Right throughput the .national schools of China a prayer Was said every day for the supremacy of the dragon. Russia was going the way to become" an easy prey to the first Oriental race that attacked her. It was for racial reasons that the Lib eral Union desired to keep Australia for the white men. It behoved them for reasons of national safety to increase .their population by immi* gration, and to bring people to the country who were of their own kith and kini He favoured to the full the immigration policy that had been laid down by the Government, and would) even extend that policy. In many respects the resources of Aus tralia were equal to those of Ameri ca, and it was a hopeless cry that We could not carry more people. England was calling to the Colonies to take her surplus men and money. Hundreds of Englishmen with means In India were enquiring about Aus tralia.. These men were the class of immigrants we wanted1. Sir Douglas Hiaig had private "emissaries in Australia to spy out the land and make independent reports. The Arbitration Court, If they could settle the industrial question he looked] with good hope towards the future of Australia. He was not one of those wild iadvdbate9^ the abolition of Hie arbitration court. The court had never had a fair chance in Australia. No. greater mistake hia d been made than the .ap pointment to the court of Mr . Justice vHiggins . . Personally he had. 4he /highest respect for'iSustice Higgins and: believed him to be agreat judge son the civil side^ but .the employers had never approached' Ms court with any confidence. Was that a satis factory atmosphere ? He had seen the inner workingsof the Arbitration court, and in his professional capaci ty as a lawyer had refused to accept briefs in it for the reason that there was no power of enforcement of its awards. He believed that the court had no future because no law had ever succeeded where it was incap able of "enforcement by the various parties. The recent shearers' award had not been observed by a single; station in South. Australia. ' That was a disgrace. Strangled by Red Tape. Mr. Foster had dealt with the .financial position. He believed that Mr. Bruce (the treasurer) would succeed in making both ends meet. There was" one .phase of Federal ec onomy he would like to deal with and that was taxation. The Federal system of income tax was absolutely ridiculous. It cost twice as much to collect as the State taxes, and we were being strangled by too much, red tape. The system in force was far too complex, and men like him self were making fat incomes by ad vising people/ how to make out their returns. A vote of thanks to the speakers, moved by Mr. H. S. Taylor and sec onded my Mr. S. J. Dridan, was car ried) with acclamation. G. Souith, Renmark. 