The Week at a Glance. QUEENSLAND. THURSDAY, February 1. A Scheme providing that in addition to the present individual nomination system of immigrants, nominations should be made by collective bodies, such as churches/ lodges, and clubs, was out lined last night by the general secretary of the migration department, of the ■British Y,M.C.A. (Mr. Cyril Bavin), Who arrived in Brisbane by the mail train from Sydney. The Rev. Stanley "Morrison, who is leaving next month for a trip to America end England, was farewelled laet evening by the congregation of tho Wharfstreet Congregational. Church, and he and his wife and family received gifts as tokens of s Appreciation and esteem. Alderman and Mrs. Raymond, who will travel to America with Rev. and Mrs. Murriscn, were presented with a leather travelling clock. At the annual meeting of the Queens land Lawn Tennis Association last night tJ_ Frew was roelected president. Dr. P. Crowe was last evening elected president of Tattersall's Club. Mr. G. A. Sherry, who recently resigned from the position of secretary, owing to ill health, after nine years' services, was voted an honorarium of 250 guineas. Miss Maud Bowen, who is a teacher at Toogum State School, was seriously injured on Tuesday through having been thrown from a horse. Charles Olive (aged 24 years) was working in Bluff Colliery, when about two tons of coal fell from the roof. As a result Olive's right thigh was fractured. The return of minerals won in the State, other than gold, coal, or precious stones, during the quarterly period ended on December 31, showed a substantial in- crease in the value of the output as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding year. For the 1922 quarter the total pro- duction value was £217,722 as compared With £57,030 for the 1921 quarter. A special train struck a tree on the line between Moregatta and Millaa Millaa yesterday morning, and several trucks were derailed. This is the third occasion on which a train has struck a tree in the early morning on this line. While entering the channel at Trinity Bay early yesterday morning the steamer Keelung struck some object, which damaged her propeller. The Stanthorpe fruit growers have accepted the offer of the Commissioner for Trade to lease to them a stall at the entrance of the Normal School, Brisbane, for the display and disposal of Stanthorpe fruit and vegetables. The Danish motor- ship Java, 8681 tons, Which arrived in Brisbane from Copen- hagen yesterday, is claimed to be the largest motor ship that has yet visited Australia. Some time ago circulars were sent out to farmers by the Wheat Board asking if they favoured the establishment of a co-operative flour mill, but figures now to hand show that the farmers do not favour the project. A canning factory has been established near the Nundah railway station, and canning has commenced. Most of the pineapples come from along the North Coast Line. Mr. H. B.Corser, M.L.A., who has recently been through the Central Burnett, says that the cotton crops are looking extremely well, and up to the present no pests had been experienced. - Generally speaking a magnificent crop was promised. Sixty cases of fruit, consisting of nectarines, pears, and peaches from the Stanthorpe district, were condemned yes- terday at Toowoomba, owing to the ravages of the fruit fly. A series of cases of ptomaine poison- ing was the outcome of eating hampate sandwiches at a dance at Anderleigh, in the Gympie district, on Satur- day night. Ten of the sufferers were taken to the Gympie Hospital and three to the Maryborough Hospital. The Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Gillies) is reminding those growers who have retained ratoon cotton and wish to obtain the advance promised by the Government of 3d. a lb. on seed cotton that the conditions already published must be observed, and that this is the last season during which any consideration can be given to growers of ratoon cotton. Particulars have been received from London by the. Queensland University relating to science research scholarships which are being offered to overseas uni- versities. Three scholarships have been allocated to Canada, two to Australia, and one each to New Zealand and South Africa. Each scholarship is of the value of £250 per annum, and candidates must be recom- mended by their respective universities. Applications must reach London before June 1 next. Applicants must be British subjects, and not over 26 years of age. Provision has been made by the Uni- versity of Queensland for the granting of a diploma for journalism. The course of study comprises four single subjects from the list of subjects to be studied for tho degree of Bachelor of Arts. ■The annual conference of Queensland school inspectors was opened on Monday toy the Minister for Education (Mr. Hux- ham), and the agenda paper comprises over sixty resolutions dealing with all phases of educational work. Trying weather again prevailed in Bris- bane yesterday, a maximum temperature of 97deg. being registered. Joseph Burke, aged about 28 years, known as a boxer, was picked up in Bourbon-street, Bundaberg, with a fractured skull. Thomas Coonan and John Henry Ward have been arrested and charged with the murder of Burke. FRIDAY, February 2. •The Queensland Treasury Returns for the seven months ended January show a. deficit of £845,550 compared with a deficit of £1,003,654 at the correspond ing stage of the previous financial year. The revenue for the term showed an increase of £250,140, and the expendi ture an increase of £92,015. The regulations under the Fruit Cases Act of 1912 have been repealed,' and a new set issued, termed the Fruit and Vegetable Grading and ..Packing JRegula tions of 1922. Captain Hurley, who is en route to Sydney, reports that the expedition to West Papua, which he headed, discovered a new race of natives, made-an aerial cur- Vey of the vast Purari delta and the coast west to Dam, and charted the unexplored waters of Lake Murray. Alderman Charlton (Mayor of Roek hampton) opened his campaign last evening as the United Party candidate for the Rockhamf>ton by-election. .A conference of local authorities de cided last evening to recommend to the Home Secretary that the local authorities in the metropolitan area should be com pelled to take joint action towards re ducing the mosquito and fly pest. The Department of Public Lands an nounced*, yesterday that the resignations of Mr. John Wilson 8.E., as engineer to the Maiu Roads Board, and of Mr. William James Rheinhold, as engineer, Public Estate Improvement Works, have been accepted. Mr. M. J. Keating (of the Rockhamp ton Customs House staff), who has been transferred to the Maryborough •ofliee as head clerk in place of Mr. W. H. Wuth (who recently was appointed sub-collectov at Maryborough), commenced his duties at Maryborough yesterday. Acting Sergeant H. J. Donnelly, after eight years' service in Toowoomba, has been transferred to Miles- The Premier (Mr. Theodore) mentioned yesterday that he had received a com munication from the New Bditth Wales Government in connection with the. pro posal to link up the Queensland railways with those of New South Wales by Jhe construction of a line fronr the Tweed Heads to Murwillumbah. After con sideration, by the Cabinet negotiations would be opened with the New South Wales. Government. The Golden Casket Art Union No. 61 was drawn yesterday, and the first prize of £5000- was won by the "Blue Eyes Syndiate," care of Miss A. E. Barton, Shaw- street, Paddington, Brisbane ; the second, £1000, by A. Patroff, Hope-street, South Brisbane ; and the third, £500, by R. Burns, Leister-street, Coorparoo. George Henry Wright, a youth of 18 years, committed suicide by shooting him self at a farm owned- by Mr. W. Prat, in the St. Helens district, last night. He left a note, which Btated that he was sick and tired of life. Acting on behalf .of Cotton Options, Ltd., Mr. R W. Cuthbert, of Croydpn, has" secured '25,000 acres in the Duwson Valley. The syndicate purposes sub dividing it into lots, placing a house-on each before offering for Bale or lease, or working it on half profits- It is estimated that the losses caused by animal and plant diseases in Australia are at least 7 per cent, of the total pro duction, equal to £10,000,000 a year. The dwelling of Mr. I. Cronenberg, at Yeronga, was destroyed by fire this morn ing. The damage ia< estimated at £2000. ' The Attorney-General stated yesterday that auctioneers carrying on business in the petty sessions districts of Brisbane, -Ipswich, Rockbampton, Toowoomba, and Townsville, must take out a general license, which enables them to act in any part of Queensland. The holder of a district liense could operate^ only in tho diutriot for which his license was issued. The Department of Justice has notified that Jondaryan is no longer to be included amongst the' places at which courts of petty sessions may be held. Allan Bell (10) dived into 4ft. of water at Sandgate yesterday, andr strikmg tho bottom, sustained seuou* head / and spinal injuries.? ' The R.5.8.1.L.A., by resolution, last night signified its disapprobation and dis gust at the decision of the State Minister for Education to eliminate the practice in State schools of saluting the Union Jack and the Australian flag. Robert Bird, of Clyafield, received serious injuries yesterday morning as the result of the collapse of a scaffolding on which he was working, on the sewerage power house at Luggage Point. The Earl of Ducie and his daughter have sailed by the Themistocles for Aus tralia. The Eagle Junction railway station was entered by burglare on Wednesday night* but the thieves were not' successful in blowing open the safe. V .The work of ridding the Mackay district of the hookworm disease will not be com-, pleted until April, as the percentage of positive cases is considerably higher than was anticipated. The nudo body 'of a male child was, discovered in the creek in Queen's Park, Maryborough, yesterday. A turtle shell, with the backbone and ribs intact, a sheep's head, the bones of a cow, and half a dozen condensed milk, and jam tins were found in the body of a 14ft. 6iu. shark which was caught at Flat Top anchorage. SATURDAY, February 3. His Excellency the Governor unveiled a memorial fountain at the New Farm- State School yesterday afternoon. The fountain, which was erected by parents and friends, contains two tablets on which arc inscribed the names of 24 old pupils of the school who made the supreme sacrifice in the Great War. James Grange (a middle-aged man) was run over and killed by a train at Chinchilla yesterday. The Metropolitan Water Supply" and Sewerage Board decided yesterday to con struct a weir^ across the Brisbane River at the pumping station, and a short-length conduit between the dam and the Brisbane River, a distance of approximately two miles. An unoccupied shop and dwelling, owned by Mr. Johnson Smyth, and situated on Tingal-road. Wynuuin, were destroyed by lire early yesterday morning. Messrs. T. Dorset t and W. Gil pin re cently caught six ceratodus in the Upper Coomera, one weighing 61b., but the others were much heavier, ranging up to 16V41b. At the Cloncurry Police Court yester day Philip Schateel was convicted of having committed a breach of the Brands Act, in having marked one red heifer by,, removing more than one-third of the ear, and was fined £2, with £2/2/ professional costs, and 7/ costs -of court. The Toowoomba police made a raid yes terday on "three premises occupied by Chinese, but only a small quantity of opium was discovered. Acting Sergeant Donnelly, who has been transferred from Toowoomba to Miles, was given a mayoral farewell at the Too woomba Town Hall last night. Among the passengers on board the* Yoshino Mam, which arrived in Brisbane yesterday, was Mr. M. Y. Hsia, a Chinese school teacher, who is voyaging to Sydney to take an educational course at the Sydney University. The body of Matthew Hollingsworth, who was reported missiug from Bylvannia selection, outside Hughenden, has been found. He had lain down, using one of his boots as a pillow, and had been dead about two days. The United Party candidate for the Rockhamnton vacancy in the State Parlia ment addressed two meetings last night at Rockhampton and Wandal, when there was a total absence of the rowdyism which -was rampant at the previous meeting. Representatives of the pilots working the port of Brisbane arc approaching the Government with a view ot adjusting the claim for increased salaries'* and better working conditions. The Minister for Public Works (Mr. Forgan Smith) told an Ipswich deputation yesterday that 4ie would have the matter of- the courthouse reported on with a view of providing better accommodation. The manager of the State Wheat Board (Mr. W. Binns) urges growers to make immediate application for seed, stating the quantity and variety required. The Cromptou Wood cotton competi tion, for which Mr. Crompton Wood has donated £100 guineas as first prize, and the Australian Cotton Growing Associa tion 35 guineas and 15 guineas, as second and third prizes respectively, is for the best five acres of annual cotton (Upland type) grown in Queensland from seed sup plied by the Australian Cotton Growing Association. . . The railway station at Kairi, on the Cairns line, was broken open on Thurs day, night, and two portmanteaux were broken open, but it is not known whether anything has been stolen from them. A diamond ring .belonging ■to the porter in charge was missing. Roy Edward Hardsman (12), of Dawlish, died in the Mackay Hospital last night from injuries received by being run over t>y a waggon loaded with wood. I Mr. Arnold Graham's residence at Pine Creek, Canungra, was totally destroyed by fire last_week. Mrs- Graham, with diffi culty, managed to sare her three children, but was nearly suffocated by smoke. MONDAY, February 5. , • In « lecture before th? Workers' Edm cational Association on Saturday nigU Mr. J, W. BJ«akley (Chief Protector of Aborigines) declared that segregation ,' from the contamination with the white ,man's cvilisation was the only hope of . eavmg aborigine*. < Migg Beryl Barnes Cory aged 30, a ' visitor from T,ongreaeh tt> Rockharopton, was drowned while bathing with two sisters and a lady frieud at Emu Park on Saturday. Leo. Ignatius M'Gowan, a son of Mr. T. E. M'Gowan, of Belmcnt, wa« drowned while bathing in a creek at Belmont yesterday. Peter Clarke, station-master at Paget Junction Station, Mackay district, sus tained sunstroke while carrying out hia duties on Friday, and died on Saturday night. • . • • Toowooinba, won the inter-city swim raing competition against Brisbane at the Toowooraba centre's carnival ou Saturday by 15 points to 13. While diving in the river neav Booval on Saturday - Harold Naber struck hid head an-.X sustained a lacerated wound thereon. Constable Cryan, s>i Ynaraba, has ad vised that George Snellnmn, a returned aoldter, who has a selection nt South Yaaiuba, and has been running a dairy •with another man, James Coulter, left camp on Wednesday night and has. not returned. He is alleged to have been strange iv his manner at time 1;. There arc now 23,762 war pensions in force in' Queensland, involving an annual liability of £749,111. The. number of claims received to date is 37.310, of which 34,670 have been granted, 2586 rejected, ■whilst 54 are undetermined. The deaths have occurred of 901 persons in receipt of war pensions. In hw address at the opening of -the now State school at Roekvale (Toowooinba centre) on Saturday, Mr. Huxham said that accommodation had been provided for 40 children, but there were 65 names on the roll. He "urged the school committee not to aek for extensions until after July 1, because if they did they would not get them. Next year the State Government hoped to have the Education Department vote increased to £1,500,000. H(v4>elieved that the accommodation for scholars should be increased by at leant 10 per cent, annually. James Mattel-head, v youth living in South Pine roud, Alderley, while cutting grass* with a hook cut the fourth finger of his'left hand, and fainted as, a conse quence. In falling, he sustained an in cised wound on his forehead. ?rWhil e r V laying at M?ckay. on Saturday, Mary Moloney, aged 5 .was kicked on the Bide pi the head by a horse, and sustained multiple fractures of the akuJl. She is in a critical condition. The Premier, in answer to the appeals of the Milmervan State School Commit nil I; as, ad. vjacd fat no funds are avail- The writ for the by-election for Rock hampton was issued on .Saturday His Grace Archbishop Duhia vestprdav opened and bleSsed St. Joseph^^incnU and school, Esk, in tlie presence of v large gatheriug of people from Stanley, Ipswich, apd Brisbane Mr. Rowlands, the recently appoiuted grading and packing expert, visited Auiicusr on Tuesday, Bapaume on Wednesday, and Poziercs on Thursday, and gave demon strations of various ways of-grading and' packing tomatoes, peaches, and apples to large gatherings of growers. J. Soueaa'ri; the Queensland representa tive at the Australian swimming chain* monship meeting at Perth, won the 44t> breast stroke championship of Australia, in 6min. 39sec. fron) Uren (Victoria), with Smith- (South Australia) third. Fruit trains run on behalf of the South ern Queensland Fruit Growers' Society, Jitd., cleared WaUangana lust week end carrying 639 tons of fruit for the South ern markets. The Fir«t Division Handicap at Albioa travk. on Saturday was won by Parainistj* from Pleystowe by one and a half length's, Major Eddie being third. EudorcaH won the Park Plate at Album Park on Saturday by four lengths, Pley jtowe being second, aud Major Eddie After an evonlful race, in which several boats capsized, Pastime snatched a victory &-f k"? Ui •& li X ? outh B"^^'e Sail- K?acht SSaU,rdav alldlCill) ?U th? ""^ I'eakes (8.2J) in the eighth round of their da^nighf UIC IJribbane Stadium oil Satul^ Tho \v i FESDAY, February 6. n tth tt-L 8 Coi"n ?ttee at the ineetiuc of the Brmbnnc City Council yesterduv reported that tho total estimated coSK additions and alterations to the Water Board « ma ins m the streets, which wera to be comprised in tho next contract fov the construction of reinforced concrete be liabl?foi> && Struck the feUonrmg i&tcg; for -1923•-— 110 £ Cast year 6id'.); Id (Id.); Joan, l^d. (Id.); health, 2d. io/i.;/ clcansui??. Government ecrvicos, £2/6/ per serviqe; household sorvioer. *2/2/ per service (last yoar 37/0). Tha overdraft rate of Id. b the £ wn* abolished. a <T> A.- ai'G*egor, oftihe Hamilton Ama teur Wheelers, yesterday lowered Me Brisbane—Warwick road record of 151 hours by 4.} hows. The maize* find cotton crops through out the Boonah district are badly in need of Vain.* Last week's neat wave- ctfused a great deal of damage, and was re sponsible for the failure of a number of early-sown maize paddocks. The cotton crops have also been af fected, and in the majority of instances the cotton plant*, deprived 'of "" the normal supplies' of- moisture, are shed ding a portion- of the flowers and young bolls. • The cane crops of the Mackay district a*e- in a backward condition.' The rain of January revived the plants, but their growth is far below what generally exists at this time of the year. .Patricia Murphy (aged 3)?, who was kicked on the head by a horse at Mackay qn Saturday, died in the hospital last itfght. Three Manly fishermen were yester day charged at the Brisbane Summons Court with having staked a net in the waters of Moreton Bay, and were each lined £5, with 3/6 costs. Burglars entered the shop of Mr. W. C. Miller, of Stanthorpe. last night, and stole the whole of the stock of jewellery from one window. Mr. Miller estimates his loss at £600. Over 7in. of rain was registered at Sarwin up to 4 o'clock on Saturday, and tiie weather shows no signs of clearing. Mrs. Rebecca Allenfred, employed as Housekeeper at Cullinlaringo station, died At the Springsure Hospital on Satur day as the result of burns received on the previous afternoon. She had bathed ber feet in benzine, and then went into her bedroom and struck a match, when bar clothes ignited, and she was burned from head to foot. The railway goods shed at Dirranbandi was broken into on Saturday night, and again on Sunday night, and about three dozen bottles of beer were stolen. The Commonwealth Minister ' for Works has approved of the commence ment of a new telephone exchange at South Brisbane. Thomas Kelly, an ornamental sign writer, carrying on business in Brisbane, was found near the Mowbray Park Baths last night in an unconscious con dition with a pullet wound in his temple. Bis condition is very serious. ' The New South Wales Minister for Lands (Mr. Wearne) and tbe Queens land Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Coyne) have decided to recommend to their respective Governments the in auguration of a campaingn aiming at consistent and correlated action in legislation and administration, for both eradicating the prickly pear pest. The Government has approved of poll ing booths at Emu Park aad Yeppoon, fa connection with the forthcoming Jlockhanipton election. * Mr. William Power, erne of the persons who suffered from ptomaine poison ing at Anderleigh recently through eating ham-pate, died in the Gympie Hospital yesterday afternoon. His Honour Mr. Justice Blair took Iris seat on the bench at Rockhampton for the first time as Central Judge yes terday, and was accorded a hearty wel come by both branches of N the legal pro fession.. Mr. D. Robinson, a- returned soldier residing at Piijklands, in the Redland Bay district, accidentally shot himself on jTriday afternoon with' a Winchester rifle. The bullet entered his forehead, and lie is still unconscious. WEDNESDAY, February 7. The question of alleviating the financial burden on the ratepayers of the Metro politan Water and Sewerage Board was brought up by Mr. R. D. Frew. Mr. J. P. Macfarlane said it was the intention of the Finance Committee to go thoroughly Mnto the question of rating, and see whether some equitable scheme could not be devised. About 1300 persona attended the official opening of- tibe new iwtheran Church ac Ropeley on Strnday. Tho ceremony was conducted by Pa«t?r E. Dac?ow (district presiount of Lutheran Churches). An Order in Council is being prepared empowering the Joint Health Board to deal with mosquitoes and flies. " The Metropolitan Water and Sewerage Board decided yesterday that the Cobr paroo Shire Council be impressed with the necessity of giving approval without further delay to the board's application to erect a "boosting" station in the road way in its district. Word was received in Toowoomba early this morning of the death of Mr. Thomas Allen, senr., of Greenmount. The deceased was one of the pioneers of the Darling Downs, and was widely known and respected. 