LEHERS TO THE EDITOR CLOS13U SKTTLEM.KNT'. — THE CHll.OEKS OOUNTRY— THli DANISH SETTMSnS. gir, — I have respect for tbo Hon D. S.'Oiuon, and I hnvo always strongly supported closer settlement. 1 regret Mr Oman hae '*buUed in,'' apparently without accurate knowledge of' what 1 am alleged to have said at a conference of tho Sailors' and Soldiers' Fathers' Association, hold in Geelong, and /also at a meeting of tho council of the New Settlers' League. in to-day s 'Ago 31r Uinnn is re- : portod to liave said: 'Decently, at the Farmers' Conference held in Geelong, Senator Guthrie had ci-iiic-ised the Go vernment's policy in purchasing estates in the Wcstorlf District, and subdivid ing them for the settlement of returned soidiers, on the ground that it would interfere with tlxe merino wool industry, 'l'n show that in this respect also ho was short righted, he (the Minister) would quote a few figures of a. Western Dis- j trict estate, comprising 37,000 . acres. , which, while used as « station, raised ' a muKhiiuni yield of 350 hales of wool, ' 3000 to 4000 lambs, mid carried, us a i uiaximum 19,000 slieep. Since its suh divisioil into 35 holdings for soldier set- J tiers it had produced 470 bales of wool \--nearly all good class merino wool — .. t/000 lambs and 29,000 sheep being car ried,' whereas, exactly wlmt 1 did say was reported verbatim in the 'Geelong Advertiser,' as follows: — 'Victoria's record of land settlement vus good. Tho during of the estates; had, on the whole, been well done, and ' in very few -cases inflated values been t aid. Tho proper policy was to open up Crown lands, anil make these readi ly accessible iu large quantities at very low prices. The next thing was to buy inrgo estates at reasonable prices. He lioped tho authorities would ho careful not to kill the staple production of Aus tralia — wool. The Senator mentioned the interesting fact tliat there were HO, 000 wool growore in the Common wealth, and £45,000,000 worth of wool was produced per nil mini. Nothing hut what was just and fair had yet 'neen asked of Parliament by the re turned men.' Is there anything unfair or wrong in the above statement? As Mr Oman knows, I have had a long experience us a wool expert, and for very inauy years was a writer for leading-journals un sheep and wool, and I have always argued that cutting up, of large estates, w lien suitable, was desirable : also vjiat closer settlement increased, rather than decreased wool production, but, of -course, as all in the trade know, jn the vast majority of cases, the value of the sheep and wool produced deterio rates in a marked degree.. One cannot t.vnAnf in i^icnapua e wiAftn/t Cf rtJ f li'.tf. IU Uiapviw U U1Y11UU #tuu VUIIV has. taken SO to 70 years to build up, and produce the same class of sheep and wool on mixed farms. Mr friend Mr Oman, is out for chal lenges. In the greatest friendliness, I will ask him to prove that I have ever done anything hut support closer set tlement — quite a different thing from the indiscriminate bursting up or meri no studs, which give us the key to the world's markets for merino wool. I would also ask Mi- Oman to give the name of the Western District estate he refers to. Now, as regards the proposal to settle Danish families in what is known as the ChilJers district in Gippslaud. Mr Oman is reported as jfiiying: 'Amongst other things. tlie Stenator declared that it whs proposed to -settle, the. Parish farmers on land that had been proved to be useless'' ; whereas what I said , as reported in tlio 'Ago' was: 'From the evidence which Iiad been gathered, the InrtA trki'ok flux finrnnitilirnf llfirl HHdId available was totally unsuitable for the purpose. It had been abandoned by the original settlers on this account, and to-dav uot one of them remained on the holdings. It was useless settling Danish dairy farmers on land, which Australians 'had already found utterly unsuitable for dairying.' Quite a different thing. I am one of a sub-committeo assisting the New Set tlers' League in connection with the closer settlement or our lanas. 1 was reporting to tho general council by re quest, and mentioned, as was my duty, vhat practical men had said as regards this Childers country being quite un suitable for dairying. If iny information is wrong, the Lands Department will, | with ease and promptitude bo able to j put me right by supplying the following 1 information: When and liow was an at-' tempt made to settle this Childers hill oountjy, and give correct detailed re sults regarding — (a). Was it a success; (b), how many settlers fell into arrears e-, how many of the ' original settlers are how on the blocks ? I fear there can bo few, if any, other wise, how does the land become avail able for the Danish families of dairy farmers? But I hope I am wrong. I am out to my utmost in the in terests of immigration and closer settle ment — to my mind our greatest needs. If Mr Oman, or anybody else can prove jinv of my statements to he wrong, I will be only too delighted to acknow ledge my mistake and express' regrets. in tuo meantime 11 wouia, pernaps, not be kind to remind Air Oman of his extraordinary public utterances about the value of, laud some 18 months, or so ago which did such au amount of harm, or of his reported statements re garding tho present season Tnang quite wet enough, otc. — Yours-, etc., J. F. GDTHIUK 