Mr. Genres at Bega TRADE WITHIN TIIE K.M1MRE Mr Moarcs, gcuciiil manager ot Ihu Coastal Farmers' Society, who has just returned from a trip lo England and tho Continent, addressed a meet ing of farmers and liusiness men In Iho School of Arts, Uega, on Thurs day lost. Mr T. D'Arcy was voted to the, chair, and expressed his regret that Micro wore not inoro present. Tim trouble was Dint the bad weather of the previous day had frightened peo ple, and that in any immi they look ed lo the Pros for the repoill.s or meetings .Mr .Meares had been to England on behaU of the Common wealth Government, and had collected a lot or information. .Mr Mearcs raid ilmt trmie niUiin Iho Umpire was the big question of tlie moment. The llrilish Hag ruled over one-iiuarter of tho people of tho world, nnd they could well imugino that this movement wisipio: tit-ally of world-wide dgiillieauce. Oreat Uriuiii saw u clitince of solv ing the problem of over-populati|»!i iu England by fcltlement. in her Do minion.*, and iu Ihu successful solu tion ot that problem lied the future of tho Empire. Immigration meant everything, awl if Iwr t-urplu* i-opu- lation could l-e dLsttibuted over tlie Dominions it would strengthen the position, iinglaiid Wiis nl present doling out millions lo her unem ployed, which was ilemoralUing lo thu iHMiple. Slie realised that it would be more profitable lo spend tho money on immigitition. Britain was largely a manufacturing coun try, anil she recognised in her wide dominions her l-est field of custom ers Australia was, next to Inma her largest customer . Jn peopling the. dominions she would inereaso her cii-tomers, and she had thrown .her .-elf into this trade -within the Em l-irc movement with axil. There wai no doubt on that point on- tlie part of the Government and business minds of UriUiin. From tin* Uoinin ion»* point of view the poiltion was: Australia was more BriliOi than Bri tain, 05 ]icr cent of our people were of Nritisli blood, anil we coul-.l do with another million or her peo|ile. Hut if the jieople ill the Dominions were to protluiv moio markets must be found for them. The po-dtion was Ikl'OiI on reciprocity. Jf '»ie doniiii ions wero to solvo tho problem or Ui-jii-li uneniployinent, Biitiin rliould rei^iprocato by p;-ovliling markets, if not iu a tarirr then in buying our goods. Our war debt. o7 100 mil-1 lions could only Ik- paid by increas ed production. If we absorbed Bii lain's surplus jieoplo we must de pend on her to provide oversea mar kets for us At pii'sciil. the llrit ifli i-ivleii'iiei1 mi Australian pri;ilurU was inniiii(.^imal. and Ihe people i;[ Aii-tialia thouglit it slioiild l» more America had increased her duty o:i British goods The ecoiioiniu pol tion between England and Au-.ti:ili:i was now very satisfactory. A -v.i.- or so ago, when freights were high, Mlljle IXllllU Ulll- 1IVII1 l.ll^l..il-i ;-...?.- tically in liallvt. That time had pa-sod. During tho four inoniln h-: was in England, iiotuithstairling th'. high price of our wool, the total ini|-.orts from Australia were Cii.OOO. OOt), while in tho same pciiotl v.e purclia.-edfrom Britain goods to .the value of 1115,000,000. When it came to food products there was another problem. Britain had to have cheap food. If ' tho price or food rose wages and everything else went up. Slie. had lo reason further Since the war most countries had increased Ilieir tarilli. and that maJo it harder, lor liiitjiin to get oi'vrsoa inui'kets. The only way she could increase her trade with tho?o countries was to keep down coifs. Ho was doubt ful about her increasing her Uuiif on'fooil They v.ero all looking foi ward lo the Imperial Confcreuii! in October, anil the Australian l'riine Minister was going to it. Thb great question of trading within the Em pire would be before that confer ence. At present Australia gave Britain preference lo thu extent uf X8.fl00.000, while flu- gave Austra lian goods preference In the value of only C.150.000. 'Jleliiml it all w.^ this question or settlement. Ill' found :l slj-nti'- ilo^ir.'. nil Ilu. mrl nt the buainivs nfind-i or Iliitaiu to trade .within th? Km) in-. They, louk cd at other loimlrii^ and asked what reciprocity lhay we:e getting, while Australia and India were iuci easing their puri'liuscs from liur. Tho biui ne.-s men he met recognised the eco nnintp mivitfnn. 'i nrl t.h:il. Ilio nlilv way to relieve tlie po-ili'in at Home was to settle moro imojiIu iu the Do minions That would mean increased consumption of l!rili?li yoexk. But it would l« wor.se than useless to do that if they did not find overset mukiU foi oui nuiii cd pio.lui.uon 'i lll.lt nil* HOI. IIUIII.' UUr,{lllll!lil.MI!£ power would be reduced. They saw ilwuly, even from a toliisli interest, Hint they must buy Ti-bm tho Do minions Another aspoot was most .pertinent When Uio duties of hij fellow delcgalos and ; hinucV took them io Iliiuuu tiiej li.iil oppoituiu lies of examining tho gooils of othei countiii,, .md thoy had y- adnu'ii lint tin producU of Australia neie not up to tho mark. Tho waul of unlfoinuty, etc , put our produtU out ot the running. Ho Ban tho weak ness and disability of thu position. Take OaliromUor Xrult. It was al ways the same, and Iho contents txuo lo laljel, and tho fouio quantity of fruit in each packet. That was not so with Australian fr.uil, some paekugos ooiilaiiiing six and oIIhm-r 12, whilo green peaches would be in with ripe. It was (lie tiuim with dairy produce. Danish was always tinifonn, and r.hile you gol the bulk of Iho buyers to udmil thai Danish butter was not equal to Australian in flavor nnd lexturo, they told you it wils always tlie name. The Danes li;wl a thorough system of grading and 8landardi?alio». At the large publiu meetings lie al tended over there the chairman alw-u.'s nskod the |»:ople, who' pinnluil out their e.\ livriuuce of Aiislr.ilhiu goods, but he mid Ihe other delegates pointed out that they worn out tu make his tory and remedy .defect.-'. Wlicii ' he ncouptcd the Commonwealth Govern iiiuiii » iiiviiauuu up gu mi r^iigiiiuu hi) saw that something miut Im done to -standardise their product*, and he. had cabled lo Ihu Government four definite phases where improve ment was necessary in tho packing, etc., of fruit When ho got back to Melbourne a fortnight, ago he wns pleased to find that tho nool had adopted tho recommendations, with tho lusult that tho fruit for ..export he examined was quilo equal to Call forulan. l'rolnbly that w.i-; one rca ton why ho had been n-skiil to go. The other delegates, Messr.; Chaltey and Danger, were Iwth associated with thu driol fruit trade, and lie was lo supply the commercial side of the nik-uon. lfi- felt, that it was his mission In point out how far they were 'Miind.' Their opponents hud had 20 years in which to dig in, and had each year been improving their method* to meet all require ments or the Untwn trade., lie pointed out in England that Uiry did not ask for preference for Alls tralian good- until their quality was equal to otherj. Them wa9 not a fac-1 lory brand' on any of tho Danish butter, but only the national .brand. The butler was so popular, and the quality so uniform that no factory worried about having its name on. and Danish butter frequently realised 10s to 12s jtor cwt more than Austra lian. A good deal was being sail about the higher cost of production. There was no tetter way of over coming it than by standardising and uplifting their quality. If they could rerfucn tho jap Iwtween Australian and Danish by only 2 per cent, it would mean another .CIOO.OCO jwr year for our producer.--, and he could iinl. £n.i win- llti.v* i-n.llit lint, iwlitn. it by -«. He found .in Britain an increasing tendency to 4rade 'with Australia. One big llrm, with 500 branches, advert i«.il 'that wliile some flrnLs prefer Danish butter we handle nothing but Australian and Jfon- Zea L-iiid, and \ew Zralnml ?Imltcr is the be,-t in tho world ' Xov-- Zeiiland, like D'liii-h, was ui.i'oiin in quality. It was always the same quality, and realised 2s lo 4s more- than Austra lian. Look at the advantages they possessed iu Australia in tho matter of soil, climate, and perpetual .sun shine The result was that the flavor nl lhcir bntter and fruit was the best in the world The rest was only a mallei- or standardisation. Tiie i;: ilu-try in Deiunnrk was at a lor. ebb liefon1 thoy went in for stand ardisation, and now it was a rare thins to find a box or second grade there. As a result of the demand for their butter the Danes were able r«. fix their own price, which was done in Copenhagen every Friday. Some years ago efforts had been mado in Australia to get them U- go.in for standardisation. The war threw them kick, but Mr Rogers, Ihe late Minister for Customs, had again taken il up ,and had consoli dated the Federal and Slato Govern ments on the question. Tlie result was tlie anointment or an Austra lian Daily Council Their great ob jective was tiie uplifting of qual ity, and no matter what other dif ferences they had they wore all at ono on that point. tMr Chapman, the present .Minister for Customs, was lending them every assistance, and tho Council hoped to got to work early next spring. The whole future of Iho food products or Australia de landed largely on the question of trado within - llii! Empire, and uveiy stago they gol Ihu buying mind of Britain closer lo them meant moru increase and Iwtlor security for their proiluote Jf Britain was prepared to do that it was up ti Australia to see thai their goods were at least equal to others and accredit to their country. It wjls galling to him to buu ;i buyer in London taking 5UI) c.isos of Australian butler and 500 of somo other country. The butter was blended, and thus the Australian identity was lost That system w.iB lessening, but when thoy had only one brand, and Ihe Government guar antee behind it, they would see that tliu Australian brand was kept in violate. He had said that the Em pire Conference would be a gu-at tiling, and thoro was another point, tho Empiro Exhibition, which would bo 'held from April lo October of next year. That great .exhibition would oorapriEO only British and Do minion goods. Tho Exhibition would cover an area of over 200 uoitts, ?md tho timber and materials would also bo British and from tho Do minions. «0,000 meals per day wo uld bo served thero, and tho whole of tho food would bo British and from the Dominions. Look what that meant to Australia and other parts of tho Empiro. Vho Australian pa, Villon would 1» on rlMng ground : al Iho main entrance, and no coun try would have a better position, ! Uinnks lo Iho elToils of Sir Joseph ' Cook and others. There would bo a large catering establishment there, where nothing but Australian pro ducts could bo purchased. Over Ihreo millions wens being spent on tho Exhibition, and then! would bo a lnrgo moving platform, on lo which people would stop in order to view the Exhibition. Them was ,i sta dium in the centre, capable or scal ing 100,000 jx-ople. To look nl. it you would think it would ueeouimo dato all Ihe [woplu of the worl-.l, buil yet at a recent big, fool ball match there many people were unable lo get seaU. The next biggest to it in Iho world was the ColUciim aV Homo, whidi maimi 80,000. There were large plali.-gln^ windows l'n the Australian pavilion, in which tho IMsople would see our goals under glass in refrigerators. Jn addition to all that there would be. a groat consumption or our foods there. There would be a grout distributing scheme, to that tho millions who went there would have the opportunity or pur chasing our goods in Bniall lots at rcjisoiiable rates Tlioy must eoothnt everything sent for exhil ition and distribution was absolutely of the finest quality. If not. it. would not go. Otherwise it would prove a tnii-su instead of a blessing. They must follow that up with n publicity cam. IKilgn. All those matter*, were die bro.nd outlines and 'the main features the advantages of the Exhibition. It meant a great deal to tho producers, and every produiior and overy Gov ernment should stand behind it. Dur ing their vi-lt they were mat by every colrtoy from the hjg busi ness men of England, who placed their books and all other information before lliiin. They were told that if they would improve, their qualily Ihcy .would not purchase elsewhere. Souk; of Iho-e business men' express ;d surprise that Australia could allonl lo pay freight on inferior goo.ls. It would cost no more to send staud ardi-cd quality. Coming to butter, Mr Meai-es paid that remunerative prive-t depended on quality. OS por cent or the Xew South Wales fac tories were now pasteurising, and r.S i.er cent, or their butter was cho:c?-t. Iu Queensland only 35 per cent, w.-n choicest, and in Victoria ?18 per cent. Yet. all that butter was sold in London as Australian. Once they standardised their qual ity on the Danish and Xow Zealand systems, and kepi their brand in violate, they would develop a ta^te iu Great Britain Tor their buttvr. Blended butter spoilt. Hie julatn, mid was no lieltcr than margarine. Once they got Iho Australian butter fla vor in England they would drop thu blended. Tho Tooloy- stroet firms wem placing money behind iho Argentine, and they must not lose sight of that. There was only one way to ovcraoira it, and that was staiidanUsntion. One other matter before concluding. The London Chamber of Commerce, which included an Australian section of 25 members, suggested ho should attend the All Nations Congress in Itomc, and he was thero for several days It was a niagniliccnt gathering or representatives of practically every nation in Ihe world, thero being over COO delegate.*, and he was the only one from Australia. They .dealt with wonderfully important problems, and it was a most unique and wonderful experience for him. On the platform he had the pleasure oi mooting the great Mussolini, now Prime Minister of Italy. He had been originally a Socialist and soldier, and organised :i small army, which wus not recog nised by tho Government, and when Ihe great industrial troubles won.1 on in Italy his army grew and they had methods of their own for settling the trouble. If a strike occurred in a country centre, and the agitators were going there, some of Mussolini's army would go out armed with slicks and persuade them to Joave. To-day Mussolini was Prime Minuter, and it was a wonderful experience to hear him .-uHrt-;* that great confer cut». He w.ia highly intellectual and democratic, and his main plea was for individual action in commerce and industry an. opposed to Uovein rnont control. Ho never heard any thing finer than that »pocc|i, uud another great realui-o was the .way in which it was interpreted. When General Pau was iu Australia he (Mr Mearos) heard his speeches fnterpujjC' cd by a mull who took Holes of it. But at this conference iu Komo tho interpreters got uji after somuoiiu had spoken for thirty minutes and without a note gavu them tho sj-ccuh in English or some other tongue. The best oT tliom all was '.a woman, aim an Englishwoman al That. She was simply marvoBous, and. would trans late tho s]-cochc8 in I'renoli, English, or Italion. 'Congress was astounded at her marvellous ability. ^n coniif,u (don, Mr Moores said ho hail always taken a stanO for tlio uplifting of quality. His Society hail lost vic tories and -consignors owing to that policy. In England ho used that to the best atlvaritago. Therein lied all tho possibilities ior the industry.'i'rado with European countries was danger ous at jiresont, owing to tho changes In oidiango, and Ixmdon ivk really the only oash customer. TPho . So ciety Bomo time l-aok tnudu atTangc monti to ship butter direct toi'ranco, but Uib position was sauh Uiat It .the butter hod boon oont (lireot, be foro the II days in which payment huil to Ik- made ,they would not know what would happen to Ihe franc The result was that Uwir liondim house lmd to buy and fell that butter. This question o* uncertainty of ex change was causing other countries lo focus their trade in London. They must uplift their quality, and then rt profltablo market awaited all tho foodstuffs they could |CBdueo. .Mr itearos went on lo refer to tho dis ability 1%, ,n,trict had will high colored butler. Tho Xorth Coast but ter was ]Ktl|., ami ()u, pulJic had got used to thi. (-;i|ts am| looked ask anco at high color. For the same reason they were unable lo sell Vic lorian bulter in the Hush season. They would lake stored butter iu pi« ferunce. In .\\(..«- Zi-.ihincl they had 100.000 cows, or which SO nor cent, were Jerseys They had iho smiie trouble there, hut thev claimed to havo reduced it by lowering tho tem |H!i-alure nnd other means. His So ciety was sending a man over \o toe ir it could be done. Mr Pell: Do you put it down to the Jersey?, Mr Meares: The Hush season hag something to do with it, but it is a general fact that the Jersey butler is of a higher color, or course it rtas other advantages. In Groat Bri tain 00 per cent, ot ihu butter is bought on appearance, ir thu man wo are sending can pick up anything iu Xew Zealand we will send liim to tlii.-* distiivt. Iteri'i'iing to bacon, Mr Meares said there wils not much prospect n f exporting bacon as such. In England iliey have about II dif ferent futs of bacon. About 10,000 lo lS.OOO tons or frozen .pork were imported to London, nnd it was rut to this shapes the trade win used to It was fresh pork, Without salt. Britain wanted .heavy pigs, the kind liny did not want at thi'i:' fa.-lory. Light weights wi-iv or no value then'. At Ihi) moment. Iheiv w.is. a fair a mount, of bai-oii lm-ojd in Sydney, but factories wr-iv decriMsiiig ill sup ply, and it should nut W- long before stocks were cleared. As In th'.'ti Ikicoii rrr.m MiTimbiila. he wa* gla-i lo learn from his in™ tli.it there had been no dilllcnlly with il lVnpl.; were kiiinj; to it, and he was vtciiswl that this vndorscd wlial he had said at the o|H!iiing of tlie factory alwut their curor. Air F. ir. Ollnii: What' arc tin: pros pect.-i of meal export? Mr Mieanw: Tho faciUUef for hand ling meat in Biitain aro wonderful. Argentine meat arriving at Southamp ton is loaded on io mol0r lorries in I lie docks and landed in London in an hour Here, agaVi, there is the same complaint against our meat bo ing irregular in quality. EITort3 are K-ing made to organise our trade iu that direction. 1 was surprised lo find thai the meat from thu Ar gentine is not chilled, liut camcil at a temperature of 21 to 31! degrees. Mr Meares concluded by stating thai he had been anxious to come to Bega again to endeavor .to bring fomo cheerfulness inio tho dosolation. Mr Otton asked how t he standard isation was to bo brought about. Mr Meares replied that no butter grading under !B and cot. [-a-teurisc d would bear the Australian, Ilia Kan garoo, brand Mr Mooriicad asked about the pros pects of Siberian butter, and Mr. Meares replied that what t.hey had to do was to uplift their quality. There was not much chance or Si berian butter being a /ormiilablc com petitor with Australia, even when they did settle down there( The qual ity was poor, and they must always remember that Uio European season wk »'- opposite of that in Austra lia. That was to our advantage. Mr Parlicry moved a votui or thanks to Mr Meares for his line address He had been urging them for so long to improve their quality that' lie must feel inclined at times to Hog them. They were all pleased to seo Mr Meares return fit and well. Mr Rogers, in seconding, said there was no doubt they must wako up. Mr Meares, in rcsponso, said he did not have as much as a headache whilo away, although lie was a bad sailor Ho' was very pleased to know that tiie Souiel-yV* business had gone on so well while he was away, and his domestic affairs had also been very satisfactory. ? After tho meeting Mr Mearo* re ceived an urgent wiroil response from Mr Austin Chapman to say that the Federal Governmont wore making sj-ocial arrangements to ossisl tho Australian Dairy Council lo com muiieu operation? this spring. Mr Meares said the dairy fanners over Australia would bo most gratified at this timely assistance on launching this all-important work of tho stand ardisation of all butter exported from Australia. 