DANISH DAIRY FARMERS Childers Hill District SENATOR GUTHRIE'S COMMENTS When Senator Gutlirie's attention was directed to remarks in the 'Ad- vertiser' of tlie 23rd inst., attribntrd to Mr. Oman, lie expressed regret at the wording: of tlie headings of t i c | aragrajih, mid at Mr. Oman's ic! marks. As 11 Senator . remarked Se nator Guthrie, as an executive ofliu' ? oi the New .Settlers' I^eiigue, and as a private eitizcr.. I Am doinC; ill 1 pos sibly can to eticourace and assist ;iii .1 | practical manner) land settleti-em 11. Australia. Tim settlement of Aus tralians and 1 nt kith anil kin from across the sens, upon tbe land, is Aus tralia's greatest, ami most uivmt pro blem. .Mid 0111 which, so fur, has net. perhaps, been attacked with suflicicr.t energy, or breadth nf outlook. Wiih lillt only 10 pel cenl. of the whole -it the lands of Australia alienated, there are still millions of acres of Crown lands available. When suitable hinds ex same are exhausted, or when it is advisable to akiure richer lands, 01 lands with a turer and belter raiiifail for dairying, and tor intense culture, a proportion of such lands must be made available by present holders, either by selling to farmers at a reasonable — ,11 rl not an inflated value— oi- jierliaps. bel ter still, for all concerned. 011 the share farming system, which gives a ^ttler with little or 110 capital, a chance to earn a quick and reasonably good return for his labor. If the question is tactfully and energetically handled, I am confident', said ihe Se nator, that those who own freeholds ir, Australia will meet tlie urgent ne cessity for tbe closer settlement of our lands by making same available, and in many instances, providing the 'land, a suitable bouse, and the necessary plant ill return for a proportion of the proceeds of grain,' and/or other pro- I duce off same. Share farming in cot - iinc+,'n.i 1, 1 1,,, ,£ ? production of milk, and milk products, lias proved a success for many years in most districts of Australia, ?nd is by far the most economical method of securing the necessary land ^or Aus tralians and immigrants ; with a pro viso in all share farming agreements whenever possible, of the option 01' purchase of the land hy the share far mer at a price to be mutually agreed upon. This system has been fairly extensively practised in tbe' past. »:,d in my experience in tbe majority of cases, the sbare-farmor iias ultimately become the on ner of the particular land, which lie lias worked- on the shares system or has bought 'and elsewhere. In connection with our Clown lands, what is wanted is a vigorous policy of water conservation and dis tribution. railway and road construc tion. With all this I feel sure Air. 'Oman, whose views, political una otherwise, generally coincide with my own, will agree, and T do not intend to permit heat, or any persoual feel ing to obtrude, because of any slight differences of opiniiyi which we might have. I feel confident, that- Mr. Oman is iu favor of the closer settlement f*f all suitable land, just as I am, and flint, be is frivino- nf Ills linct 1^1-vicj..: to his country. I do not, for one mo ment, believe that lie meant to sug gest- that I was not doing likewise. As regards the proposal to induce Danish dairy farmers to come to Aus tralia, and settle upon land 111 tho Childers' Hills and Gunyah districts ot Gippsland; most- of which liad been abandoned by Australian settlers, I did my duty by t he New Settlers' Lea gue in the report, which I was colled upon to give, in expressing doubts up on the wisdom of such a course being adopted In addition, Cupt. i--yug, a member of the New Settlers' League, who has — certainly upon his o\m ini tiative — left, for 'Denmark with the ob ject, of inducing dairymen to come to this country, has asked for *r.y per sonal advice, as has the Danish Con sul- After all, I have, so far. sii'.plv reported to tho council of the New Settlers' League that the subcommit tee had been informed b.v practical men that tho country, which thf. Vic torian Government had offered lo make available for Danish dairv far mers was considered to be totally un suitably. - As 'Mi1. Omaji is reported to have taken very serious offence at the re marks of the tub-committee of the lea gue, which it was my bounden chlty tc report, to t|ie general committee, and as there does seem. to he room for lit ferenee of opinion, as regards the suit ability of the abandoned' Childers' Flil! and Gunyah districts— I am col lecting all tho unbiassed information available, and I also, intend to accent Mr. Oman's kind offer to assist ine to make ;i personal ' inspection of the country, accompanied by aii 'officcr of tbo department; So far, the evidence which I have coUecjted is conflicting — all admit that the soil is 'reasonably good, to good, and tlie rainfall aipple ; drawbacks ? bping transport facilities (which tliat splendid institution, the Main Roads Board, .are', or will, over come), and heavy cost of clearing the land of timber, blacken fepn, apd rab bits. ' As regards tlie Minister's cieciared intention to alienate some '15,000 acres of the Otway or Beech Forest, and cut same up for the settlement of far mers, the evidence is, so, overwhelm ingly against ' the advisability of such a course being adopted, tjiat it is my bounden duty, qs a- piiblio man, to op pose the suggestion, and if necessary, to expose in .'sojho detail the heart breaking failure of - previous attempts to settle farmers iu this forest coun try. which it, no doubt, suits tlie books of some peoplo to get rid of. I might add that I nm not a large land owner, aud that I have none which 1 wish to sell. I ani fanning, and T have also share' farmers doinfe well. ' 