General News The rainfall registered at Nowra during last week was 314 points ? ? ♦ On Friday last Thargoraindah, in Queensland, had the first rain for four yo;irs. The Milton district soldiem' me morial will bo opened on Saturday next by General Cox. ? ? ? American housowivee mo organis ing a boycott for the purjwso of low ering the price of sugar. After recovering from unconscious n»*s, a South African ox-soldier found he had recovered his sight. ? ? ? Tho Duke or Sutherland states that people will soon bo ablb to purchase aeroplanes for £80 or £90. At a carnival recently carricd out by commercial traveller at Narrabri over £2000 was raised for charities. ? * * Brighter prospects for cattlo own ers in Australia are predicted by Mr J. Kidd, in viow of advices from Ar gentine. As a result of a visit by an officer of the Health Deportment, tho Armi dalo Municipality is to be summonol for having a dirty garUigo tip. The output of the North Coast Co ojieratlve Butler Co. for March was G22 tons, ag;iinst 10SI) tons last year, aud the uaifu:m pay is Is 7{d per lb, against 10^1 hist March. A ten-scater aeroplane, carrying se ven -passengers, llew« from Cologne to London iu 1G0 minute-, achieving a record average sjjeed for the 3G0. mile* flight of 135 mites j-er hour. Cabinet has agreed to grant an in crease of Is a week in the pay of public fcrvauts from May 1. This is in confojtnity with the increase recently allowed by the Board of Trado, Tito Itl-h Republicans' cease fire order is being ignored by the Free State army. No proposals will be acrcpted till de Valcia negotiates direct with the president of the Fica State Government, ? ? ? At tho Rural Credits Hill confer ence at Invqioll last week, the dele gates adversely criticised the meas ure, claiming that what the country wanted was more decentralisation aud power to local l-odies lo develop their own resources. One of the conclusions arrived at by Mr Mcarcs as a result of his in vestigations in Loudon is that Danish butter is not as good as Australian, though it sells better. The higher prices, in his opinion,, are due to uniformity and standardisation of quality. c The Ministry of Agriculture esti mates the total valuo of farm crops and live stock in Great Britain at £400,000,00'J. The production of 1922 is estimated at £201,000,000, made I up as follows: Farm crops £17,000,- ? 000, live stock £10S, 000,0 0* dairy produco £77,000,000, wopl £31250, 000, poultry and eggs 1G millions, miscellaneous 10 millions. The State Government has decided upon an extension of tho system of nominated immigrants. Any person of approved oocuitation ,not exceed ing 50 years of age, may now be nominator! for assisted passage There must, however, bo a definite oponing for all persons thus brought out. Tho age limit for female domcstics has been increased from 35 to 40 ? * ? Regulations published In tho 'Gov- ernment Gazette' last week-end in clude the following: *\o room in any house or building shall be used for sleeping purposes unless an un encumbered air spaco of not less than 500 cubic feet is available for each occui-ant. Tho oocupior of the house or building shall bo respon sible for the observance of this regu lation. Mr Max Henry, lecturing on the subject of 'Diseases of .the Udder,' at the conferonco of Agricultural Bu reaux at Wollongoug hist week, men tioned two cases— one milked by hand the other milked by machines. In tho case of machine-milked cows there wero no cases of inammitis, while with tho hand-milked herd there were a number of cows affected with the disease. Mr Lloyd George, shaking at Man chester in support of an effort to liquidate the debt on the local hos pital. said that if the voluntary hos pital system broke down the cost of hospitals would be increased three fold.. Eminent doctors, he said, wo uld not give their services without fee, and the cijuntry would lojo what money could not buy, namely, human sympathy. ? ? ? Mr Mcarcs discloses some intoreat ing figures of Britain's sources of but to ^supplies during last year. Den mark ^ent 71,189 tons, Now Zealand 55,173 tons, Argentine 17 807 tons Victoria 1G,G5G tons, Queensland 15 ?190 ions, New South Wales 12,920 tons, Canada 7727 tons, Holland 3932 ! tons, United States 1719 tons, Franco 1058 tons, Sweden 828 tons, other countries 8920 tons. ? ? ? For Children's Hacking Oough, Woods* Gi**t Peppermint Oure. Sarah Bernhardt, tho great actress, died penniless , . » t. Tho Rural Bank loan of a million was rushed Seventy subscribers of fered to take tho lot of it. Tho A.M.P Society applh.-d for a quartor of a million. Altogether, four jmtfJlons wore offered. ? ? i ? r. The King has asked his son, tho TVSn/vi *r TVnlno nisf fn ride in any more steeplechases In which profes sional cross-country jockeys havo mounts Like a dutiful son, 'Teddy' has agreed to obey his dad's wish. ? ? ? . Duo to submarine disturbance a new ? Islam!, hair a mllo in circumferenco aud u0 feet in height, has allien 200 miles south of Cochin China, and between Hongkong and Singapore. An Admiralty turvey ship has been de spatched to make investigations. ? ? f » Someone who played a 'joke' on the editor of the 'HraidwYwd Des« patch' has struck trouble. A report of what purported to l-o a marriage between tho Aratuon i-ostmaSt|1 pmd a girl of tho village was sent in and duly published— and no marriage had taken place. The newspaper man got to work, ottered a decont reward for the discover}* of the forger, and the police hope to shortly make an arrest. ? m ? ? Tho body of Peter Neilston, tho skij-j vt o. the fishing ketch Ev?lyn, which went ashore at Gabo Island during a heavy storm, has not been recovered Tho Evelyn went aground on Gabo Island on Sunday morning. It is surmised that Ncilson, realising his hoj-clcss position, dived from tlio vessel and struck his head on a rock. The only other seaman, Carl Hansen, made his way to the shoro after much difficulty. The ketch is a complete wreck. 1 The only two aerial mall eerviocs in Australia— in West Australia and Queensland-carry a volume of mail traffic which compares favorably with that of tho London-Palis air service and like services iu other countries The Superintendent of Malls in Syd ney told the Federal Public Service Arbitrator 'that statistics, comparing the services, would prove very in teresting. Although the Australian services had only he«n running for a short time, they already compared j very favorably with that between I Loudon and Paris. | 