NO PLACE LIKE HOME WHAT MR. EDWARD WEAVER THINKS- Australia and Other Countries- How Australia .compares with other countries is a matter of much interest, and unfortunately for some doubt, in the mind of the average .Australian.- It is also a regrettable fa-ot that the same average Austra-. lian knows more of the resources of other countries than he does of his own; the other countries themselves see to .that. During the last few years many Australian business men have rested from their labours long- enough to take a trip and see for themselves the lands -which keep themselves firmly" on the map of commerce, and world notice. It is in no way congratulatory to the powers that be, and have been, that most of our Australians return to the land in which they have made good and can still say authentically that Aus tralia can hold its own in the na tional struggle for pride of place. Rather it is a matter for the powers that be and the powers that will be, to make the absolute most of Austra lia's potentialities that can be made. "Notwithstanding the burden of taxation in England all industries are being worked to full capacity, with the exception of the farming in dustry," said Mr. Edward Weaver, Just returned from a world tour, to a -reporter of the "Forbes Advocate" this week. :' THE FARMING INDUSTRY. Mr. Weaver said that the farming industry was in a bad way owing to the. severe competition with foreign countries. When he was in Eng land Mr. Weaver.fonnd that potatoes were almost unsaleable, eggs lower in price than they had been for years past. Bacon was also at a low price, caused through the English markets being flooded with cheap commodities from Europe. This had become a se rious problem with the English far mer who was putting a large area of land out of cultivation. Mr. Wea. ver said he saw thousands of acres of cultivation land that should have been ufider wheat, thrown out for grazing. The English and Scottish farmers realised that they could not icompete with outside cheap labor and were commencing to draw upon the products of live stock (o keep them going. Fat cattle and sheep were bringing high prices. It seem- strange to him that the farming in dustry in England and Scotland could not be made to pay when farm labor ers were available in both countries for 26/- per week, out of which they had to find themselves. When he was travelling over a large area of England and Scotland Mr. Weaver was asked by hundreds qf farm hands for information about Australia and how to get out to it. He found that there was very little assistance given to immigrants, from eithejr England or Australia, and; that an immigrant required at least £30 for the fare to Australia. With, the'rural workers only getting 26/- a week, self found, there was very little hope of them saving . the £30 fare out of their wages. The problem of filling - Australia's empty spaces is .entirely rpvereedl in England. Mr. Weaver said that owing to the rapid increase of popu lation and unemployment 50,000 to 60,000 men will have to be moved out ot England every year. , These men would be absorbed by Canada and United States unless Australia made a big move in that direction. He stated that no news of our coun try is ever seen in London newspa pers and that some system of news propoganda should tie developed. DENATIONALISING OUR BUTTER What seems to us to he a matter for more than reproach in some quarters is that brought to notice by Mr, Weaver's remarks about but ter. "Danish butter bring the highest prices in London,"- stated Mr. Weav er,. "and I found good Australian but ter being sold under the label of Da nish butter. That should not be." We heartily concur. Mr. Weaver continued that Australia House was a great advertisement, in fact a land mark right in the centre of London, but added that land marks' and cin ema- shows would not bring people to our country. There are now 7,500, 000 in London of which three and one half millions have to be moved every day, so the traffic conditions can be imagined. These figures are very hard to grasp, but there are over 7,000 taxi cabs and 5,000 motor buses, and Mr. Weaver tells us that the General Motor Bus Company moved last year 847,000,000 people. "Of all countries travelled In," added Mr. Weaver, "England appeal ed to me more than any other, Aus tralia excepted. There is nothing like our own country but rural Eng land is very beautiful and London is easily the "hub" of the universe. It is a proud distinction to belong to' such an Empire. Australians don't realise what England is doing for us in all directions, and there is no doubt that the British Government will wake up soon to the fact -that, a big movement must ' be urge. 1 to get suitable English immigrants to Australia, quickly." THE INDUSTRIOUS FRENCH. When he was travelling through | France in March and April the large area being put under crop was no ticeable. Every little available plot i was being cultivated and now France Is reaping the harvest and. will have .more wheat than she requires for her own consumption. Mr. Weaver thought that this was a great achievement, in view- of the fact | that other European nations are likely -to be in a state of famine this year. The industry of the French peasant was extraordinary; Nothing went to waste, every little piece of land cultivated and the neatness of the cultivation was an object lesson. Mr. Weaver found that this yen:- showed a wonderful increase in the, number ef tourists travelling through Europe, which brings enor mous sums of money into each coun try. England, France and Italy have been , invaded with American tourists. No less than 150,000 came over this season. Consequently all Continental .hotels were full to over flowing and bringing in good reven ue for railways, hotels and sight-see ing concerns. Paris, Monte Carlo, Rome, Flor ence, Venice and Milan were crowd ed right through the summer, and although the rate of exchange favor ed the Australian, English and Ame rican tourists it is not possible to buy things there any cheaper than in England, as prices are altered with the movement of the exchange. Mr. Weaver found that the Fas- citi Government seems to be very popular in Italy. The Premier, Mus solini, is a forceful character and controls Italy at present. He kept his Government well in hand and dealt with strikes in a very drastic manner. WONDERFUL .AMERICA. There is a. great contrast between all the European countries and America just at present. The United states seem to have grabbed all the money of the world, but it is re markable to note the small number of tourists in America from other countries. English people are not visiting the States in. the ordinary way. In his ' tour of five weeks across the United States, travelling 7,000 or 8,000 miles, Mr. Weaver did not meet one Englisman. .The Austra lians seem to make across Canada, and don't go into the States. In one famous sight-seeing part of Amer ica- he was told that his wife and himself were the only Australians passing through there for the. last 12 months. He said there is no need to enter into any description of American methods. They are known ail over the world, a wonderful country and wonderful people, but nothing cheap except motor cars, petrol, and ladies', silk stockings. Cost of living is very high, but their hotels lead the world. He was stay ing at one hotel with 2,200 bed rooms, with a bathroom for every room, iced water laid on in every room, express lifts, with the 18th and 20th floor first stop. 4,000 to 5,000 people are accommodated in this hotel. UNLIMITED CARS. The cafeteria system or., eating in Los Anglos is the last word, in Mr. Weaver's opinion, the food being the very best and prices reasonable; but an ordinary breakfast in the high class hotels costs 8/-, luncheon and dinner from 10/- 'to 12/- per person, and the biest bedrooms in the high-class hotels £2 per day with out food. The motor traffic in. the States is indescribable. In Los Anglos there are 250,000 cars for a population of 1,000,000. Insufficient shed accom modation necessitates parking these cars in the gutters in the street, and for miles north, south, east and west, nothing but cars in sight. If Henry Ford lives another 20 years, Ameri cans say he will hold all the money there. The mixture of. races is another problem for the States. One school mistress of a State school told Mr. Weaver that in her class there were 31 nationalities. She seemed to think that the second generation of foreign parents would make good American citizens, but Mr. Weaver says it has to he worked out, and whatever we do, we must keep Australia white. ' « - a 1 » . PROHIBITION. This question Mr. Weaver said was studied very closely, and add ed, "I made one trip in 'the slums of New York at night through the Chi nese and Jewish quarters, also the Bowery, and could see no doped or drugged individuals or "drunks." During the five weeks travelling through America, in large cities such - as Chicago, Salt Lake City, Los An glos, San Francisco and Portland, I did not see one person under the influence of drink or drugs." Opinions differed as to whether prohibition was good or not. Mr. Weaver found it was a most difficult matter to get an opinion from any body with an open mind on the ques tion. Many people told him that, they -preferred the abolition of all saloons, and a light wine or beer supplied. Others were biassed .in, the other direction. "I must have asked' the opinion of 200 people in the. -United States on this prohibition question;" went on Mr. Weaver, "and even those who were in favour of the drink traffic, had to admit that for the general good of tne country prohibition was best. There is no doubt- that Boot leggers, a very undesirable class, are making fortunes in smuggling liquor. There- is also a good deal of "moon shine" manufactured, but they keep it out of sight of tlie general public, and it is' a hard matter to get a drink in the ordinary way." The one question asked was, "Do you think America will ever " go well- again?" And the one answer was given, "No," from those ' for and against it. - Mr. Weaver concluded, "I froeiy admit it was most difficult to form any opinion on the matter; but the general soberness of the country, ra ther appeals to most people. It was a very drastic change for any coun' try to make so quickly, but it looks as if America will never go "wet" again. " Summed up there is no -country to my m«»»d like Australia." 