THE NEWS IN BRIEF J TASMANIA. .1 Weatner forecast (isimcd ii: o "" yesterday for the 24 hcu-s ensuing^ Cold f.nd squally, with further show« more particularly over the western hS of the State. Some snow on thTnL lands. Fresh to strong westerlyÄ Ocean: Squally and rough over »"J south of the Strait. m Red Cross certificates were nresent.i to members of the Bushy-park branch o! the Red Cross Society yesterday The general manager of the Hydro. Electric Department has submitted to the Warden of Leven a comprehensi« scheme lor the provision of power la numerous centres in the North and North-West. ' .Messrs. Chesterman and Co, Limited claim £18,000 compensation for resume. tion by the Government of land £ Collins-street. m I Empire Day was celebrated through, i out Tasmania. Reductions have been made in tile royalties on certain kinds of timber in Tasmania. The Upper Derwent Farm, Home, and Gardenv Society held a show at Bushy. park yesterday. The Hobart Regatta Committee nu been summoned to appear at the Poh'ci Court to answer charges of "promotnj and holding an unregistered entertain' ment under the provisions of tne Enter, tainments Assessment Act, 1916, and f" charging admission thereto." A terrific gale at Zeehan yesterday morning unroofed buildings, levelled fences, and did other damage. From May 8 till 9 o'clock yesterday morning, 1.5G0 points of rain had fallen at Zeehan. INTER-STATE. The Federal Parliament lf-assemMea on Juno 13. . itr. John Vicars, a well-known Sydney business man, bus been appointed to act on the Tariff Bourd during the absence. in England of Mr. Herbert Brookes. , The New South Wales Minister of Justice has expressed the opinion that a federal law is needed to protect insnr. ance policy-holders. 'Ihe Premiers' Conference yesterday dealt with tho subject of redorai and State finances, industrial powers, and immigration. A liicudly spirit pervaded tho confer. ence held yesterday in Sydney betueea coal owuors and miners of tho South »Coast district, and ceítr-iu demands by tho men were granted. The increase in working hours from 44 to 48 per week is likely to result ia many Sydney tramway employees be- ing dismissed. The jury failed to' ogree in tho trial of David Kelly charged in Melboona with the murder of Mrs. Frances Um. all at Millgrove. A verdict of manslaughter waa re- turned in the Oakbank (S.A.) tragedy trial, and Leand Mooney has been re- manded for sentence. The Federal Government, owing to ti,' New South Wales coal strike, has oV cided to make available, stocks of coil held by it on a (ier capita basis. ! BRITISH AND FOREIGN. j An international coiniuiaMon bas besa despatched to near the t>truu¡;iiom et ti» (Jbiuoijo bandits in order to ínveaüsuti anil lepoit. It has been suggested that the prob-, lern ol Uernian .loparutions, should be tuleen from diplomats and politicians. in a consisten ml utictreao the lope re- ferred to the gravity ol the Near- Last summon us well as in Palostine. The i'ueiho Cable Board 6tates that it cannot at pióseut reduce charges be- tween Great J&ritain; and Australia. * Independent Indian cribes bave pro- mised to co-operate with the Govern- ment in searching for the band of out- laws concerned in the Ellis outrage. The International Sociulist Congrea has passed resolutions condemning the \ ersuilles Treaty and tho League of .N'a- llons. The Russian reply to tho British Noil accepts ' the majority of the demand! made by Lord Curzon. The trial has commenced iu London of a mnn named Mason on a charge ol murdering a taxi-cab driver. Irish republicans are being tried ii' London on a charge of conspiring bj force of arms to change tho Constitu- tion of the Free State. Lrapire table talks at Australia Hon<e in London aro attracting crowded audi- ences. There is a universal feeling in Berlin that it is vain to hope that tbo chang« in the British Primo Ministcrship will be of any advantage to Germany. Fights between German Commnnisti and the police have resulted in many casualties. The raliway strike in Belgium is be- coming more 6cHous, and riots han occurred at Ostend and Ghent. A frenzied Danish jowellor has hanged his wife and then committed suicide. 