THE DANISN SETTLERS AIR OMAN REPLIES TO CRITIC ISM. VALUE OF HILL COUNTRY. Melbourne, Thursday. “It is [?]ortunate for the New Set tiers’ League, and for Senator Guthrie,” sald Mr D. S. Oman, Minis ter of Baucis to-ady, “that the Chriders jriill country shorn,u he .selected as tue object of ’au attack on the-lanu iCGt'.e lnefit policy ot ther GorerfittneuA. ’ i-ho Minister ; was referring to a report cit senator Guitrrie’s speech at a anc-esiug of the league. "it is only a. lutiJ wliiio ago since the New bet tier's ..■/eague approved or Gap.ta.in L> ug's mi&sicn; .to Denmark -bo obtain t»ent.y -i; vc Danish/ familie.„ to- settle in tue Uippslanit Ti/id counti y.” iMr. Oman’ said lee had made a per sonal inspec fcion of the area, m cuni pany with the Director ox 'Land Settie ment, moni.bers of live iocaf council, and the Uveal progrees . committee:,, and' ail were iinaiuniun.-;- that- 1 1-e uc.l was gcou, j afciul having regard; 1 .1 the laintall, the area, was quite suita'ilo for re- sect.cuneait if obtained at the. lignc price. Senator Gatin io ment.on and a .meal ihiiry.. supervisor, and, this, sai.i Mr Oman, wiats rather /llrunge, when it waw considered that it was the luoa.l dairy supervisor who accompanied Gup ta ii. Lyng in his inspection. it is quite clear that Senator Guthrie has irct-ie or no cmieeptiau of tire i o-.il ton when. xhi» a tea. was settled ahui o.> years ago, as cumipa.re.l with its condi tion to-day, or he wc.-uld non In.re io fciToa to tire area, in. the, way he has. “When visiting- the area/ ’ i united when acidrcsd'iig us, , rcr the laud, mt.mbeis ; .Vj>f' •the? oonrJ-i-i, and the peo-p.e of the Ciistriet,’’ to rut imeJ Me Oman, “that I reipiired to find, at feast, o-iie-tifth - of Lhe 'appLu-anfc'i iron; the .young men -of/ the: locality,' a-id I was ir,formed thait there -..'would be' nu ■litrieultv about tiia^/ young; tneii, \yuo have grown/ up in .the neighbor !mod, arc looking forward to tins land being made available, ibut in addition, to local 1 settlers,, it is proposed to re serve an area for l people from oveideas. Senator Guthrie acutes -that it Inns keen decided t<i. send eiroulars to about one thousand, i'and-hoklei’is regarcEing the 'possibility of share-irarmrng, and that he believes that the iufc rmation they would /receive, from the land owners would! surprise them. i.'rol>- auly it will/, but not in the way ex ported >by i Senator • Guthrie. When the returned soldiers were coming back in thousands many -people thought what a splendid til imp', it would he to get the soLcfiers to. take up share iarm ing, and, although every enciou.rage ment has been given to them timing toe last' fire years, only «, very small number /of; them have -been attracted by tlie proposition. The average man who goes on the land desiiea to make the. blopk his home, c.btain the freehold, and improve the property from year to yepr. ' ,Senator Giiitlu'ie did not mention whether the film re Parmers were /-likely to provide suitable. homes lor immigrants, or whether they would expect them to camp under tlie, guiin tiee/j. Nevertheless, the • •housing ot -he people from overseas is a very im portant matter. iteetently (said Mr Oman) at too manners' Cbnferenee _held at Geelong, Sorntor GrXitlnie criticised tihio Govern meat's policy in purchasing estates in \+ u ”extern idnstrict, and subdividing t'heni for the settlement of returned soldiers, on' the ground that' it woujd 'interfere with the ; meiino ivool indus try- To. l show that in this respect, also, file was short-sighted, I will quote a lew figures of 'a 'Western district estate, comprising 37,000 acres, which, while a station, raised a , maximum yield of 350 bales of wool, 3000 to 4000 Inmos, and -carried at rr, 19,000 sheep'. Since its subdivision into 30 holdings for;soldier settlers/ it lias pic dueed 4 70 bales of wool —nea.riV all good • class merino—while 0000 lambt and 22.000. sheep were carried. “It is not clear,’’ added Mr Oman, “whether the New Settlers’ League endorses Senator Guthrie’s views, or dyliether ;thby ar<j just Ida own opinions, given withoilt due' consideration of the seriousness of 1 the statements for j which there is no proof offered. • 1 j challenge‘Senator Guthnfe to prove his statements on the > Childfers country.” | 