GEELONG., Members of Geelong city council 011 Tuc-.-iday were pleased wlion tliey heard a letter read from the Tramway Company' stating that il was making pyeparatimia for extending the tramway servico to North Geeiung. The company also inti mated that tlie duplication of the tram track in Ityvic-slreet, west of Aloorabooi- slreet, would be proceeucd with as soon as tlie drainage levels at Latrobc Terruce junction had been fixed. Tlie chairman of the public works com mittee and tlie four aldermen were on Tuesday appointed to represent the city com cil in a eoi.iercncc with Geelong West council on the question of again urging upon toe Railway department the need lor a subway in lieu of tho overhead crossing at tne O Couneil-street gates. Owng to tlie sewerage trust having lnid down the necessary sewer, the city council 13 -to be recommended to take proceedings alter 30th June against persons who dis charge into Barwoo River drainnge matter that has not been rendered innocuous and inoffensive. Geelong Harbor Trust has made arrange ments to- take over the structure known us the Joy Ark 011 1st June, and remove it iron: the eastern beach- It was erected abciit eleven years ago as a eiuonia theatre 011 a twenty -one years' lease, and at . prc- smt it is i-eing utilised as a skating rink. A conference between Geelong Harbor Trust and representatives of Bellarine ami bcuth Bui- won shire councils will be held on 213th April to discuss the question oi providing a ferry at Barwon Heads to ac commodate motor and other traffic be- tv.-Seh yucenscliff a-id places west of Bar- wui. Reads. (Several pel sons have volun teered to subscribe towards the main ton- Uiie-I of the proposed feiry. The A'ictorian Wheat Growers' Corpora tion Ltd., as agent for tho steamer Lithonia, was fined £100 and ordered to pav £ / costs by the police magistrate (Air. P. Conlon) on Tuesday on a charge of having permitted Lcong Meo, a proliihi- led immigrant, to entcv the Common- wealth. John Darling and Son, as agent. 3 for the steamer Oarl Vinnen, were charged with having permitted two prohibited im- migrants, Werner Kasmuasen nna u iu> Scraidt, to enter the Commonwealth, and were fined £200 and ordered to pay £1 U costs. Detective Inspector Glceson was the informant. On Llie -1th April, William Elirkc, a marine stores collector, purchased on board the Sterna, a Danish barque, nt Gee long, a pair of blankets and a pot of paint from two members of tlie crow. 1 V hen lie was coming nshore with tlie Rootle lie was stopped by the chief officer, who claimed tlie paint .as the ship's property, but Elirkc landed with the blankets, aud was lined £» at a Commonwealth Court eonduted on Tuesday by Air. P. Conlon. The charge laid against, him by Detective Inspector Glceson was that he aid, with out authority, within the meaning of the Customs Act, interfere with certain goods, such goods being subject to the control of the Customs. Albert Joseph Arillingcr, a young married man, pleaded guilty at the police court on Tuesday to tilled charges of having inde cently assaulted three girls, eaen ten yeai-3 old. The evidence lor tho prosecution included a written statement by the ac cused admitting the offences. He wuh committed for trial at the Geelong General Sessions. William Wattu, who had been arrested at Eootscray on a charge of having ob tained £0 0/0 from Leslie Richard Dun- bier, at Geelong West, pleaded guilty at tlie. police court on Tuesday. He was committed for trial Hing Goon, a Chinese market gardener, was fined £1 und ordered to pay £1 1/ costs on a charge of having topped a case of tomatoes seat into the market for sale. On a elinrge of having sent to the market for sale tick-infested sheep, John Ciillinan and Charles Ciillinan, trading as Culfinau Brim., were on Tuesday fined £5, und ordered to pay £1 1/ costs. At the annual meeting of the Aloolap Progress Association, Air. W. Salter was re- elected president. He and his wile were presented with a piece of plate in recognition oi tlie services tiicy had ren dered to that body. The Rev. G. T. Dolierty, wljo has just taken' charge of tlie Pnkington-strcet Motliodict Church, was welcomed by the congregation and ministers of the circuit at a social on Alonday evening., Tlie escape of water from a worn out service pipe in Victoriu-parade caused the land to givt way slightly and threaten the safety of -the rtating place known us "The Pergola," on tne Eastern Beach hill ex tremity of Swanston-strcct. Workmen are now engaged in tying the. structure to the hillside with iron rods. Detective- Inspector Gleeson, of the Cus toms department; Air. P, Holden, collector of customs; Detective Bickcrdick and Piain-clot-hes Constable Dunn on Alonday made a raid in quest of cpium at homes of Chinese living in tlie country adjacent to Geelong, but they foiled to discover any. Tlie steamer -Isobcl, which arrived on Alonday, brought 200 tons of blood manure from Queensland for the Cresco Company, which will commence operations at an early date. All the tenants rof the market buildings have received notice to quit the. premises, before 31st Afay. It is expected that tend ers will be iet for new shopB on the Little Malop-street frontage of the Market Bqnare n a couple of weeks. The Couiunn na - Feinne - competitions, which commenced on Tuesday afternoon, were continued in the evening. The first event was lor children recitiug, under . 10 years, and there were nineteen . competi tors 1 Mr. W. N. Wliidburn,- the adjudica tor for all the elocutionary jtcms, made the following awards:— Joy Daly (Prahran), 77 points; Jean Bent (Geelong). 70; Clive Hall (Geelong), 70. Dorothy Craven (Xprth Fitzroy), 07 points, got honorable | mention. Recitation for nranibors" i-hil-| (Iran, 12 years and undot: Kitty Kelly, j Clive Hall, Jean Black. 