ARRIVAL 01 IMMIGRANTS FOUR DEATHS ON YOYAGE. . Perth, May -U. The Commonwealth Liner Esperd anee Bay arrived at Fremeanbeo to' day with 753 pasaengers aboardý oL whom 150 were for Western' Aititray ha. Of. these, 114 were migranth The numbers, for the: othe+ tStates were: For Adelaide, 2 a.. Melbourn4, .6.; Sydpey; and. Queenshaad,; :p1. Duringthe voyiage therQ.-were four deaths amQng the iligranis-esin, a Woman, and wi .ah: r , Political AddressMrI, Jas. Cun ningham. M.L.A.. who came to the j goldfields with the object-of deliver ing addresses on "Current Political Topics" in Kalgoorlie and Boulder on Saturday evening desisted from Iis intention on learning that the Golden City Fair was to be held that night. He will, however, speak in both centres on Saturday even ing next. Questions such as the sandalwood industry, the suggested grouping of abandoned mines, and tie curtailment of express train ser-' vices, frill be dealt with by him. Mr. Cunningham hopes to secure the assistance of Mr. Willcocks, M.L.A. for Geraldton, and Mr. Moore, M.L.C. for the Central Province. R.S.L. and Politics.-During the discursive discussion of Kalgoorlie branch affairs at the Town Hall on Tuesday night, Cr. W. A. Ross in quired what attitude the State ex ecutive assumed towards the en trance of the R.S.L. into politics, particularly as the State . congress had turned down a proposal in that direction during the past few years. He .personally considered that the R.S.L. could not help the cause of returned soldiers, widows, and or phans and other dependents to any great extent until the soldiers had their own direct representatives in Parliament. . The State. president (Mr. Humphrey) stated that he was pleased Cr. Ross had given him the opportunity to speak on . the sub ject of politics, otherwise he would hIave refrained from doing so. The league was non-political, non-sec tarian, and non-industrial. He held in his hand a circular setting forth the objects of the White Australia Soldiers' Progressive Society. It was signed by eight persons, to whose names were added the titles of the positions they held or had held in the R.S.L. ° This action was regarded by General Sir Talbot Hobbs and others as subversive of the constitution of the R.S.L. How ever, this new organisation had. died in its infancy. Cr. Ross and Mr. Townsend (simultaneously): "No chance!" The State president spoke of the endorsement of Gene ra! Hobbs' sentiment by the State executi:e. Cr. Ross proceeded to day that politicians who sat on the State executive were trying to run the soldiers in the interests of the particular party to which they be longed. The Kalgoorlie branch thought it would be better to have irect representatives in Parliament ther than to encourage what the tate executive were doing 'Sunder he lap." The new organisation mas formed in order to strengthen the league. Mr. Townsend contended that by affixing his signature to the document, followed by the declara tion of *his position in the. R.S.L., he had not acted unconstitutionally. Be would never be ashamed to wear the R.S.L. badge, and he was al ways loyal to the league. The State organiser (Mr. Cooke) argued, in effect, that the use of the name of the R.S.L. after the signatures would at once, read the public to believe that the R.S.L. had been dragged into politics. He warned members that the constitution and rules of the H.S.L. gave the execu tive power to expel any member woo acted unconstitutionally. Cr. ltoss, whose remarks were supported by Mr. R. Nisbet and one or two other league members, challenged 4hc state president to explain whether or not the real object of his visit and that of the organiser to the goldfields was to "smash up" the W.A.S.P.S. Mr. Humphrey no anitted that one of the reasons of the visit was 'to invecstigafe the position so far as the W.A.S.P.S. wa~s concerned. He would concede thie right of xmembers to sign any eircul~ar in their individua1 ca-pa tiy, but not to attach the name of tihe R.S.L. to their signatures. It was at reprehensible thing to make je of the R.S.L. in that main-er. ~twas condemned by General ~obbs, one of the best friends of Te league. Cr. Ross said the cor respondence files of the W.A.S.P.S. would. disclose the names' of officers equally he distinguished as General Ho$bbs, and who had given sympa Mhetic as well as pecuniary assistance to the new organisation. As nothing ebuld be gained by a continuation of the discussion, which had lasted for Waree-quarters of an hour on this one topic, and it would not help tjie main object of the meeting, xamely, the re-uniting of the re turned soldiers of the district within the league, the meeting acceded to 'the sugegstion of the State presi dent and the organiser that the mat tsr should bie adowed to droi. Kanowna Wardens - Quarters. Messrs. Edwards and Co., of Kal goorlie, were the lowest tenderers for the purchase and removal .f the Kanowna Warden's quarters. Meeting of Returned .Soldiers.-A meeting of returned soldiers of the district was held in the banqueting room of the Kalgoorlie Town Hall last night, when there was .an at tendance of between 70 and S0 men. The gathering was convened by the State organiser for the RS.L. (Mr. C. S. Cooke), who advertised that "vital matters concerning returned soldiers in the goldfields district will be discussed,." Mr. Cooke, who occupied the chair, reiterated the statements he had expressed before the Kalgoorlie branch of. the R.S.L. the previous evening, and supple mented his observations by. giving the results of the investigation he and the State president (Mr. Rum-! phrey) had made .into the financial affairs of the branch in question. His conclusion was. that the branch was in a bad position financially, and taking the figures into account he blamed the administration of the executive for the present state of affairs. He `suggested that new members should join up, that a meeting be held $o wind up the old branch and form a new branch, and that the present executive should resign so that a new set of officers could be appointed, the latter to include the old ones if members chose to elect them. Subsequently the S*ate president. after delivering an address upon the' lines o' his published utterances, was challenged to say whether or not he endorsed the organiser's statement as to the alleged faulty administration of branch affairs, and he replied that he was in accord with it. ' Messrs. George, Farr, and Townsend defenid ed the branch executive, averring that thedSitate president and organ iser had not had sufficient time in which to acquire a proper knowledge of the causes leading to the down ward path of the branch. Cr. W. A. Ross, who came in after attend ing a- committee meeting of the local municipal council, referred scathing ly to the fact that the State secreeary had forwarded no communication announcing the coming of the visi tors, and thought that the organiser should have been provided with pro per credentials to explain what au thority he held to conduct an inves tigation. Cr. Ross, backed up by the branch president (Mr. R. Nes bet) and one or two others, attacked the State executive, asserting that the latter was an expensively run institution. Cr. Ross asserted that the Kalgoorlie branch had put more pensions through, done more work in the way of repatriation, and found more employment for re turned men than had the State ex ecutive in the whole period of its existence. ' lr. Nisbet advised Messrs. Humphrey and Cooke to go back home and put their own house in order before attempting to inter fere with the branch. There was a. continuous interchange between the visitors and the defenders of the In cal branch. The discussion was of an irregular and discursive nature. Mr. Cooke, who was driven to the point of desperation, mentioned that he and the State president had power, if they chose to exercise it, to suspend the secretary. dcose the br'anch, and form a new one, and that if they wished to do so they had sufficient data at their com mand. However, they desired to exhaust all other means to place th. branch on a sound footing in prefe rence to resorting to extreme mea sur-es. Towards 11 o'clock a returned soldier, not a member of the R.S.L., volunteered a suggestion that non-. uiem hers should join. up~and that a Imeeting should be held .in a week's time to discuss the affairs of the league. He contended that it.. was purely a league matter, upon whicli non-members had no right to exer else a vote. The suggestion was adopted and several men joined up. giving in their names to Mr. Cooke. The gathering dispersed after pass-I ing a vote of thanks to the State 1 Ip resident and the organiser. Cr. Ross, when' he entered~ the hall in. the middle of the discussion, voice d hi. strong objection to' the organise r having disclosed the busines, of thelI branch in a public manner before ' furnishing a rejport to members of the league, and thus giving an op portiunity to refute Jis statements. Dressmaking and Millinery. Classes in these subjects are held both afternoon and,.evening at the Kalgoorlie and Boulder Technical Schools, and as girls under 21 years of age are entitled to free tuition parents should- take the opportunity of having their daughters taught. these most useful sutbjects. A few months ago Miss Francis Jones, the. well known dressmaker, of Boul der, Was appointed instructress, and intending students are assured of receiving practical instruction. The fee for adults is 101 per term of 12 lessons. Provided sufficient en- 4 rolments are received it is. proposed to start an additional class in dress making for adults .at the Boulder Technical School; to be held on I Tmursday evenings. Full . particu lars may be obtained on application to the officers in charge at the re spective schools. j Kalgoorlie Technical Classes. -a Intending students are notified that the second term will commence on Monday, May 14. Vacancies exist in several of the classes,: . particu larly in those provided for ladies dresseutting and millinery. These classes are held both . afternoon and evening under the _supervision of a thoroughly competent instruc tress. To the afternoon classes are admitted students over 14, while those over 17, together. with. those who possess 8th standard or continu atioif pass-out certificates, may at tend evening classes if more con venient. Other subjects in which vacancies occur are. shorthand, book-ke ping, accountancy, elemen tary carpentry, and woodwork. Free tuition is given to students under 21, adults being required to' pay sirjall class fees: Further par ticulars may be obtained from the officer-in-charge, C1o State School, Dugan-street Community Singing.-A meeting of -the executive committee of the Kalgoorlie community singing move ment took -place. at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening last, Cr. A. G. Wall presiding. Discussion ensued upon the topic of the most suitable night upon which community sing ing should be held fortnightly in or der to suit the convenience of every section of the public. Some of the choirmasters who were in attend iance gave expression to their views. The ultimate decision of the execu tive was that the hon. secretary (Mr. G. L. Williams) should "pen cil" the Town Hall for every alter nate Tuesday evening for the en suing three mouths, commencing with Tuesday, the 22nd inst. The decision of the first public gather ing in accordance with a suw"es tion from Mr. W. Phoenix that three or four conductors should be ap pointed to control community sing ing, each conductor to choose his own programme for his particular. night, was debated at length. It was arranged that the next pro grmmme should be framed and con ducted by Mr. Lord, that the sec ond should be controlled by Mr. Connolly, and the third by Cr. Wall. Other. business was transacted and the meeting closed. The Late !Whr , Wm. Synme.-The late Mr. William Symie, whose death- occurred on Friday last, was a very old resident of the goldfields, of which he was one of the pioneers. Prior to coming to the West, Mr. Syme had -been in charge of rail I way construction works in New South Wales. Shortly after the rr'ival of Mr. Henry Clay Calla han from bucknow, New South Wales, to take charge of the Lake View Consols, Mr. Syme started wodk on that mine, and was on it in 1899, .when it was turning out, 'nearly a ton of gold monthly. Mr. Syme remained an employee of the mine for twenty-five years, but was forced to give up wvork on the Burnside a-ward coming into oper -ation, owvink to his being over -the age limit. Mr. Symne was a. Free Imason, a~nd a prominent member of I the Kalgoorlie Caledbnian Society. Being of a very charitable and kind Ily disposition, Mr. Syme had a- host o-f friends, -by w~hiom he will be greatly missed. Mr. Syme's funeral -started from the residence of Mr. Iand Mrs. Dave Johnstone, in Han nnseeunder the charge of Mr. e4cver, undeiakei. There was Ia very 'large attenda-ncp of his old -friends, the Caledonian Societies, Freemasons, and- the Boulder branch of the COolga~rdie F.M.U., of which he was a mem-bei-, -being strongly represented. Many wreaths -and floral tributes matrked the respect in which Mr. Bymne was held in thie' district - Esperance " Railway.-A large quantity of cargo arrived by the s.s. Eucla last . week, including a consignment of farming inmplements. Farmers and. local business people are making use of the acilities of fered by the railway, as goods can now be consigned to Trulove sid ing (40 miles north). The farmers particularly benefit,. as . they save . a considerable amount of time and expense by not having to come into Esperance, for supplies, ;nd the ad-. vantage is fully appreciated. The line is now laid to within two miles. of Grasspateh. The Governor's Visit.-The .State Governor, Sir Francis Newdegate; accompanied by Lady Newdegate, will arrive in. Kalgoorlie by this morning's express. During the morn-. ing they will be .motored, round the district by the Mayor of Boulder (Mr. G. H. Rainsford), and in, the afternooni will attend a reception by the Boulder Women's" Auxiliary Corps in the Soldiers' Rest Rooms, Lane-street, Boulder. This evening their Excellencies will attend the Boulder Anzae- Ball, . which the Go vernor will officially open. The party will leave for I erth to-morrow even ing. . How : Great Men Began;-That many of the illustrious. men in Ame rican history, at :one time in the early periods. of their .lives, were house to house book salesmen was revealed at Chicago recently at a meeting of subscription book pub lishers. George Washington took orders for books. and delivered them himself on horseback, according to a paper read by Mr. R. S. Branch, of Chicago. General Grant told Wash ington Irving's "Life of Columbus," the paper added, while Daniel Web-. ster derived Dartmouth College tuition fees from the sale of Weems' "Life of Washington," and Dc. Toe queville's "Democracy in America." "Napoleon Bonaparte, in his days as a struggling lieutenant, augmen ted his pay by taking orders for 'L'Histoire de la Revolution,' Mr. Branch said. "Still preserved in the Louvre in Paris is Napoleon's book-canvassing outfit, and with it a list of 200 subscribers whose names were signred on the dotted line. When .Waslhington was twenty years. old he sold a book known as Bly dell's 'American Savage.'. It cost him two dollars a cony, and he sold it at three dollars. His diary shows that he sold more than 500 copies, riding long distances to deliver," Australian Butter Cheaper in London.- The Melbourne "Age" says :-"The consumer of butter may well ask why a reduction in butter prices has not been made during the last few weeks. in view of the slump in London. A ustralian. butter is now selling there. as much as 78/ per cwt. below Melbourne prices. Several sharp reductions in pries in the English markets . have been recorded during the past few weeks, and quotations are now down as low as 192/ per cwt. (I/3 per lb.) wholesale. Several factors are responsible for the slump. Heavy shipments of Australian,' New Zealand, and Argentine butter have arrived in England. The sea son there being at its flush period, large quantities are being produced. Danish production is heavy, and in view of the adverse exchange rates Continental buyers are not operat. ing, and the surplus is being ship pe-d to England. The result is lhat I.excessive supplies are a'vax'aible there. Buyers have been .loldin~g off, appiarently anticienting lower values, and a 'sluaixh has oecucued. From axi Australiana consuimei s viewpolint, this is a very unsptms factory state of affairs. Melbourne wholesale prices 11re now 224/ per ewt. (or 2/5 per lb. retail), wad the. same butter is being 'sold in' London after being transported 13,000 miles, at 142/ per- cwt. Why is it that such. conditions should be allowed to. exist ? Merchants here do not hesi-. tate to demand London parity when high rates are ruling in the; over sea, market. The* consumer always has to pay. .In the. evqnt of London quotations falling~ traders here de clare that prices in .the loeqi mary ket are based on Australian condi tions, and put forwar~d aome. plaus ible excuse toi justify their action. It is suggested that the ' buttein should be .reshipped to Australia. If that were done, it could be sold here at to price greatly below thw *present market rate.'5 - 