MIGRATION FROM BRITAIN. MOVEMENTS LAST YEAR. 68,723 TO EMPIRE COUNTRIES. Official statistics of migration from Great Britain in 1922 are given by the senior British Trade. Commissioner in Australia (Mr S. W H McGregor) as follows - Ds-itliuttlon Oulunrtl Irmiral subtract (watch CW in 1907 iKIIT'l Australia that! a bill of) 750 a cow Zealand . 12 J. 3 'I 10 (Wa British South Africa 7 to 1 201 india ' still lies Other parts textile in the runs r can ill Total Empire 11" (10 40 0.7 merit 1 meet! Sir Isa 4 ' Uti l'CIl *7,.SII Other furs, inn c sentries. 1711 0 738 71 Total all countries 171 has. ON Hill 100 070 Total for ID'l I'm 177 71 367 111110 Total for 1941 rainfall 3700 sailors 'The above figures are not the gross more ments of British subjects, but the number of people recorded as taking up permanent residence in various countries or in the United Kingdom The number of British suited to, among those passengers from the united Kingdom to the United States, Canada, South Africa, Australia, and New- Zealand, who were sent back during 1922 by the authorities of those countries was 1,001. Yearly Fijrnres Compared. LONDON, May 16 The Parliamentary Secretary to the Over- scan Trade department Lieut-Colonel Buckley)), in reply to a question in the House of Commons, said that the average early rate of immigration, measured by the excess of outward passengers to other countries within the Empire, was 100,200 from 1910 to 1914 inclusive The corresponding figure in 1922 » is 71,700 Serious Drift From Canada, MONTReAL, May 17 The migration situation in Quebec has become so serious that the Ooiem ment has established an office at Montreal, direct d by Horn an Catholic priests, for the purpose of encouraging French. Canadians, who comprise three-quarters of the population of the province, from migrating to the United states The office is kept informed by parish priests of the intention of any of the communicants to leave the country. and special pressure will be brought to bear on such persons to induce them to stay More New Settlers. Despite the bleak weather, the new (-ct ters who arrived by the steamer lawrance Ilav were in high spirits M re than 160 of them embarked at London, 111) of whom were for Melbourne Their combined capital is £1,000 The Melbourne contingent » is compost it of a part of 28 domestics between the ages of H and 20 years, 6 lads for farm work, M cmliuu nominees, SO Gullan farm workers 11 agris ultur ii put tiers 7 ex service minimises und S nun for the land who were brought out under the land settlement is being 1 Iii' steamer Beltana, which reached! Port Melbourne yesterday afternoon had on Imanl 172 migrants The welfare officer (Mr W Nicholls! said that in the last six minutes there had be in great boom in migration This was due part II t i last of employment, and partly to the imported in the vis of advertising In this connection Australia House had an interest consuls r uni), and great credit was due to the deputy director (Mr I Y clinics The origin of migration was full length clear of Scotland, met in certain districts of Northern Ireland, but in the south eastern and south western districts much rain called to lie do to it half a dozen bills good speaker«)-Australians the Australian i V pi pence could beat me to address meetings in a personal manner (giving the results of importance' and things actually -seen!, it would help considerably) Englishmen were -on to accept the opinions of those resident in their own county) respecting his train An interesting experiment is the abstains for migration of a number of men who had lived together in village, s and small town". The) could sad in company, md as far as possible settle together in Australia of the boys and girls whom -we have brought on this trip, said Mr Nicholls, ' I do not expect to find a single failure " Church Responsibilities. in 1911 Y, Thursday - A report on mine gration presented at the Press terian Assembly of New South Wales stated that the provision Ising made for permanent settlement in country districts was appeal tug to that class of yeomanry which was the backbone of true statement When the chair lies awakened to their responsi- ruling, is in limited Ann that the s of the church would be not only willing to it fine their be thrown with hearts as I come, but to follow them with practical Minerals) The Assembly sloping to urge upon members the recess!) for inn dug in the work SETTLING CHUDEBS COUNTRY. Challenge to Senator Guthrie. inception is taken by the Minister for Lands (Mr. Oman) to the reported after lines of Senator Outline at a recent missing of the Nut scullers' 1 eating, the subject of writing the full ministry sit (happy one In a rejoinder j ester of Mr rising and that it is is unfortunate for the. Hague that the of Childers hill country should be elicited as the object of an attack in the land is turning poll of the Min son It was i nil recently that the longing but approve 1 if t alien bags session lo I >? rim as. to obtain 21 Danish families to settle in the (Gippsland hill country Mr (Lilian said that he had made a per shall adopt tion of the an i in umpire with the din i tor of full will mint (Ma Ma is it, members of the shire tennis is, in the press committee, and all were in no mous that the soil as soon i, and. h of the regard to the rent in the area was quite suitable for re-settlement if obtained at the right lines ' When visiting the area, continued Mr Oman I stated when addressing apply i arts for the land, members of the court and the (people of this district that 1 respect of tin in 1st find at least onefifth of the applicants from the young men in the lot Bill and I was informed that time I failed to no little salt i wheat this 1 has pointed out ulm hand going up in the neighbourhood are looking forward to the Allies been.' made' in inhabit, but. In rebel lion to a victorian settlers, it is proposed to a site an area for pistol s from sour seas Similar (Guthrie' states that it has been decided to and until tea to about I ODO landholders regarding the |HI«SIIIIIII) if there I'm affair, and that he' belongs that the information that would run in from the London mrs would surprise them I'm bill it will, but not in the is) expected 11 St nutt i Guthrie When the returned dinis tun mining bank in thousands as people. thought that a suit till I thing it would be to get the soldiers to take up share farming, may, itllliotia-h die) i of our age is not his bit in 1,11111 to On in during the last him in, unit it in round number of tin in line IKS 11 into a tail In the proposal I am young man who LOOS in to the. line! is an s to make the bind. his son In me Met on his f Ki bold, nine miles on the property Front it is t it is still it T (Sinclair did not mention whether the Sinn farmers are likely 11 per mile' Mutable homes for the inter grants Itirmtli in! the former's sanitary 1912 at (his is tug St Linton (neither of us only need (he MintHn's policy in purchasing ist iii s in the W costing district and siibiliiultni« them for He with me at of returned witness in the ground that it would interfere sub due merino wool industry 'to show that lit (his resident also, in a fit short sighted, ' suit Mr Otu in 1 Hill quoted a fm limits of 11 Western that it estate comprising I'lsM miss, this, film 11 station, master 1 maximum m 1.1 of the) bales of wool, know to 1 ((KI lands, and lime as a minimum III mm ship sunk Us »nihilliHi.iii into Va li tailings (or soldier settlers, it was pro during 170 I in. of SHIP on in is all next ? life and an insult, and «,IHXI hills ,,"| .'.'(«KI stamp men airmail It is not that a but her tin Nut scr I am' Intrigue and n m s WM n Uni (Guthrie s Unit, 01 whether they were all! his own opinions, guilty with a no true loiistiltiatiou of the St mount is of the State in fits, for which there is no proof alien to 1 1 hall next Souittnr timing to prove' his statement at regarding the Child di is running) " Orbost to Eden Railway. W, A (N S W 'limiting - At a run. for at trol itself it is at in the New St tillers' lights, It was dr 1 lib d that the realistic be asked to in operate till the Minister for bands in foiiiiiiliiting 11 24 hours for the n lib mont 01 agriculturists on nimble ideas of the vote for II John Landy, (still Jim Mannix In 111 given is to turn out the scheme, (but the piiMiilillititH in tins Know) Hunt limits little at home he might attain the -mind of the British migration eoiiiuiitlci that the (Menzies pledge themselves to were with the peoples of East appalled in n co-oiifirnllii*. fint|pit\oin To leave the 1 railway line extended from Orbost to Eden, and that the British Um eminent he liked di Benporath) IA it is (but Uuumonvroiillli (in financial be (like tin and driving the Sunny River li)drueleotili« natives on the lines of the «uiiiioítiou wattle In The Board of OnumoM. 