LOCAL & -GENERAL NEWS. Assisted immigrants to the number of 12.41S arrived in the Commonwealth during the first sis months of the present year. 5 The' Cessnock School of Arts has :a membership of over ,800, and a good .;,-' credit balance. .?.'??? .~~ ....?-. ???'.?..'??'..-.-..?,.: ?...?.? ?-.?? The Muswellbrook Municipal; Council ? are arranging for a. loan -of £2000, to: .complete their electric- Tight scheme. It Is hoped the light will be turned on. about c the end of August. ./ 'i'O '.%'??! 1 The total number of Roman Catholics In the world 'is given as 390,000,000. There are in the United States of America . about 20,000,000. ?'.?.-_? v. ? -:, ..-'. .:?? .„, ;-k- ? Hospital Donation. — The Matron of. . the local Hospital acknowledges 'with thanks, from the Belltrees Red Cross . branch, per Mrs. White, the receipt of ? a dozen warm pyjamas and a dozen night ; '. dceEsest ? ? ? ? ?? ?? \ :-: .-? The Monroe Doctrine, which is a car dinal- point of American policy, was for mulated by President Monroe in 1823, in agreement with Great Britain, and in op position to the designs of the Holy Alii ' ance, which contemplated the partition of South America amongst certain Euro pean Powers. President Roosevelt, in ???' 1002, pointed out that the Doctrine was not a means of aggression, but defensive in purpose, and that it would be re spected just eo loug as the United States possessed a first-clos? navy. The Doc trine, in short, objected to European na 1 lions acquiring any further country on the continent of America (including South America), or political interference in American' affairs. Inferential!)-, the : United States to refrain from interfering in European affairs. Alleged Use of Cancelled Stamps?' ' —Charged with fraudulent use of can , celled (stamps Stephen Orlo . Smith, a well-known stamp der.ler and philatel ist, was charged at the Melbourne City Court on Thursday. The stamps had been used, it was alleged, upon three leases of rooms taken by Smith between '?;??:'?' 'March, 1918, and February, 1920. Senior ..'. v -Detective Ashton said that Smith had told him that he bought the Btatnps in the ordinary way of business, and had not noticed that they were .cancelled. \- Later Smith endeavoied to gat posessiou :':.-?? of another lease, which also had can ;'; celled stamps on it. Smith, who is one of the best known stamp dealers in Aus tralia, was at oue time tditor of the 'Philatelic Journal,' and is a member of the society to prevent deceit in connec '?'tion'wlth stamp dealing. ? Assaulting a Constable.— At the Central Court on Saturday, Henry Mik kelsen, 40. was charged with having assaulted Constable H. F. Gregg, while the latter was in the execution of his . duty. It was stated that about'7.30 on ..Friday night, several men refused to ? pay for refreshments at the Shanghai Cafe, Campbell- st, and the police were _. called in. Gregg arrested oue man, and ? on the wny to the police stitiou Mik kelsen struck the constable three times on the back of the head from behind. -?Accused, who pleaded guilty, was . sentenced to 14 days' gaol. 'Won't you tnske.it a fine, your Worship, I have a wife end child,' 'pleaded Mlkkelsen. 1 The magistrate : 'I cannot vary my de '.-?-. ciiion. It is a very herious matter, and it might easily hare bad serious results.' ? Watbh Conservation on the Honibr.— Some little lime apo Mr. W. Cameron, M.L.A., on behalf of the Hunter District Council of the P.P.U. ' - and other bodies interested, made repre ? sentatious to the Minister for Agticultura ? (Mi. -,F. Chaffey) in furtherance of a ' movement for water conservation on the Hunter River. Mr. Cliaflejr, in his te ' 'ply to Mr. Cameron, points out that ... Biter he received n depntatibn at Scone ? ' ail officer was sent out to meet the P P.U District Council, which was done .at Muawellbrook ou March 22 last. It wrs then decided that the Water Concervn tjon and Irrigation Commission bs a^ki d . to Bend an officer up to collect iuformi 'tion and consult Inndovvners ; also, ibKt .-?'. s complete estimate be prepated aud . sent to the Works Committee. Mi;. A \ J. Taylor,, secretary of the D!«ti im ' Council, P.P.U., has been notified tha au officer will be sent to vtrious ccutren ' 'and he is asked to request represeuln ? lives to prepare information that v. ill assist., the visitiui; officer.. .Cousidernhle information must be obtained by tut ' Conservation Commission before -thp ;/ matter can be referred , to the I'uhlic ?,'-..'? iWorks Committee, and landowners, c m '?'?' (help 'maleruiiv -in preparing ' such' ib : Jwwetioj),— 'SiugletonAraus*' There are 573 hotels ill the city of Sydney. I Mr. Robt. Heuston, senr., a fine ' old pioneer of the Singleton dis trict, passed away at Glenridding. yesterday in his 79th year. Messrs. McGirr and Minahan, two Laborites, are ; said to be the two- ??wealthiest men in the State Parliament. ;; ' . : ? if y ^ is', reported ,.' .that' forged £5 notes are -in J circulation, .and, what »e..,well..done., ,? , '.,.'., 'Success is made up' of four in gredients—inspiration, aspiration, desperation, and perspiration, ; and the greatest of these is -perspiration! f^Tne population of. Queensland on 31st March was 796,1?6; ot its capital; Brisbane, ^ within a ten miles radius, 230,200. Sydney butter market' is unal tered at 22'4/- per cwt. for choicest quality. London market is firm, with choicest , Australian selling to iC4/-, Now Zealand 172/ -, and Dan ish 178/-.' .. .? , ,: ... ;.': iato Hospital Ball.— A commit tee meeting of the .above is con vened for Friday evening next, at 7.30, for the purpose of finalising matters in connection with the late. Hospital ball. Sale at Kouchel. — Scone Poultry and Produce Depot announce an important clearance sale for Rou chel, on Saturday afternoon ' next, on account Mr. D. R. Davidson, who is leaving the district. , For the Hospital. — Messrs. Morris and Lochhead announce that, at their sale next Friday they will: ofier some fine vegetables for the Hospital, donated by Ah Won, They will be sold straight out to the liijjchest bidder, not offered and re offered. They have set aside a table for Hospital donations to be offered. ?\V»ngcn — Blue Dominoes. — At the School of Arts on Friday evening next, 3rd August, the Blue Domin oes, versatile entertainers, will ap pear jafter a successful season in leading Sydney and Melbourne theatres. This company gave a rare musical treat at the Oddfel lows' Hall, Scone, on Tuesday even ing last. A| feature of the dance which is to follow will be the high standard of the music. Highland Fair — Thursdayr Next. — The committee associated with the above are now rushing preliminary details to an end, and ere Thursday hope to have the Rink converted into a veritable emporium display ing articles of every-day use and } delicacies in the line of edibles.' Dr. C. H. Scott has been deputed to perform the opening ceremony. Apart from the attractions of the stalls, and the men's corner in particuiar, several competitive num bers are announced, to say nothing of several musical items during the evening. ? liato Hospital Ball.— It is, expect ed that the gross proceeds from the late Hospital ball will amount to ii:65/-ana.-ias'.'t]ie.v:.';expense3i;'..'Will amount to bnly..£10- or £12, there wilVbe :a; profit vof;! about £i;45:'P As the* committee, what with the bad times, and th'e':'reduced' prices of the tickets, 'did not. set' out to make more: than .£100, this fine' result is extremely gratifying./ to. all . con cerne'dV* ''''??? '?''??v ' '''? ?.'' ?.??' ;-' ' ??''' ' . ''? '????; Welcome Showers.— Yesterday afternoon and last evening, heavy showers, though of shori duration, fell throughout the district. Mod erate falls also were the order in the North and North-west. There, was a cyclonic disturbance along the coast, shipping being endanger ed. Registrations at the local Post Office up till 9 o'clock this morning, are: — Scone 38 points', Owen's Gap 33, Bunnan 3S, Ears Springs 97, Gundy 62, Belltrees 30, Woolooma 34, Moonan Flat 30, Mobnan Brook 38, -Bllerston 36, 'Glenrock 57, To malla 50, 'Wandewoi 46. .The visitation should do immeasurable good, inasmuch as the piercing* wind following the general, rainfall of some weeks back, had dried the surface to such an extent that the young growth ,was almost \com- nletelv eheckfifl. Thp. sroon mnuit in evidence on all sides ),, should deepen in the near future, thanks; to the showers. '. '. i. ?'?';? .-A] RomhosiaiRnhbit'Poison^— As men tioned as probable, 'in a previous is sue, a local syndicate has.npw been formed, for the purpose of placing on the\ market, ' Mr.' : coombes' pre paration, .VRombosia,'» for the de struction . of rabbits. By those who have.- used 'Rombosfa;^ there ap pears to be no doubt as to the manner ^ in which it ? does its - work with the greatest enemy of the landownsr. but it has been remark ed that it was too costly. In reply to this, Mr. Coombes represented that, with a little financial back ing, by manufacturing the prepara tion on a larger scale, he could put it on the market at a greatly reduced price. -It is' to enable him to do this that the local syndicate has been formed, and the prepara tion will now be obtainable at 12/6 per tin, as against 20s paid pre viously. Mr. Cecil '.Morris, has been appointed as Secretary/ to the syndicate, and any information as to orders will be attended to by him; also, Mr. Coombes, who, in addition, will gladly supply particu lars as to the use of the poison, and whore possible, assist. With rabbits more scarce than they have been* for many a day, now is the time for landowners to give them the finishing touch. 