Trade Commissioners. With the object of developing' trade, ' two trade commissioners reached Syd ney during the week. | Mr. Austin Wilson, -formerly trade com missioner for the Port of Hull, and now representing the Lon don and North-eastern Railway, has come to Australia, in tho interests of the Empire trade development. Another commissioner. Mr. Elmer G. Pauly, has come from the United States, to further the interests ot' trade between Australia and America. 'The London and North- eastern Railway handles and distributes food supplies and raw materials for over twenty millions of people,' said Mr. Wilson, 'but we get nothing from Aus tralia except wheat and wool, and these are controlled by Home buyers. We get none of your butter or cheese, prac tically no meat, and comparatively small quantities of your fruit. My di rectors wish to alter this state of af be done to improve the position. 'Speaking as a business man,' con tinued Mr. Wilson, 'I consider the marketing of your fruit and dairy pro ducts is too haphazard — too much- of a gamble. 'Take your butter, for instance — so far as quality and texture are con cerned, it cannot be beaten; but the price you get for it averages at least 10s per cwt. less than Danish, and if you searched throughout the length and breadth of Great Britain you would find that not 1 per cent, of the retail shops ever sell Australian butter as j Australian. It is practically an un- 1 known article to the British public. 'With regard to your apples, I will only mention last season's shipments. Thousands of cases of lovely fruit were sold at Covent Garden at from 5s to 8s per bushel. I was buying and eat ing Australian applies daily for three months, and I had to pay from 2d to 3d each for tvery apple I bought. 'There is no reason why producers ? ? ? 1 9a snuuiu UUL ixil U-VCLUKe to 15s per bushel, in view of what the British public is paying for the apples. 'You have had a striking example of what can be done by proper organisa tion. I refer to Bawra. This organi sation sold your wool thvough the usual channels. They did not cut out any essential parties connected with the trade. They paid the growers good prices and made altogether over £60,000,000 profit in seven years. Why can't you have a similar organisation to market your fruit and dairy pro ducts?' Introduced by Mr. Hill, M.P., a large number of fruitgrowers, including re presentatives from Vic FruH toria, South Australia, New Industry. South Wales and Tas mania, waited on the Act ing Prime Minister (Dr. Page) in Mel bourne last week. Mr. Hill said that the position of the industry was so desperate that the growers had gone in a united body to ask the Ministry to do something for them. They were going to ask for a definite reply concerning the Ministry's intentions. Mr. G. Matheson (Victoria) asked that a subsidy or siu a ton on canning fruit should be paid this year. Growers could not carry on if they were paid | less than that. I Mr. Churches said that unless the necessary assistance was forthcoming the industry would be utterly des troyed. The industry needed stabilisr ing, and that could only be done by the Government. Mr. A. Lcnno said that growers felt themselves to be in a degraded posi tion when they had to come to the Ministry for assistance. They did not blame the present Ministry for the position, but looked to it to put It right. In reply, Dr. Page said that on taking office tho new Ministry had prepared a statement of the various pools, and had found that the pools Instead of lessening difficulties had added to them. During the last three or four months Government experts had been engaged in Australia and other parts of the world trying to ascertain the best methods of disposing of the existing 'pack.' He had arranged with the Minister for Customs (Mr. Chapman) to receive a deputation of fruitgrowers on October 12, by which time the Cab inet would have considered the various proposals which had been submitted to it. It would be able to say what it con sidered was the best method of dealing with the position, and with this year's crop. By the first weelc in November the Ministry would have tried to find a way not only out of the present difficulty, but by which the industry would be placed on a sound basis, and growers would not. need to seek assist ance frpm the Ministry. Although Dr. Page did not indicate to the deputation what steps the Ministry was prepared to take to assist the fruitgrowers, it has been stated autho ritatively hat an offer of a subsidy of £5 per ton has been agreed upon. This offer has been conveyed to some of those interested in the industry, but it is regarded as. unsatisfactory. Proposals for the granting of conces sions to the gold-mining industry were discussed at an inter Assisting view in Melbourne last Gold-mining, week between the Act ing Prime Minister (Dr. Page) and representatives of the Gold Producers' Association. Tho original request by the industry was that it should be relieved of income taxation for a period of five- years, but this request was refused by the Cabinet on two occasions. - One of the proposals discussed at the interview was the granting of a subsidy to the indus try, and the suggestion was also made [ that the industry should be granted certain tariff concessions in regard to I the materials used, in the industry. No finality was reached in the discussions, and Dr. Page suggested that the in dustry should set ofct clearly definite proposals by which it could be assisted. In the Arbitration Court at Melbourne last week Mr. Justice Powers made his final award in the Marine Stewards' plaint of the Feder r.nnriitions. ated Marine Stew ards and Pantry men's Association. He referred with amazement- to the ? amount paid as overtime to stewards on the Common wealth Line of Steamers. Mr. Justice Powers said that he had added a clause fixing minimum rates for overtime for work on holidays and Sundays, and not limiting overtime to the' actual hours of work at different periods of the day. Mr. Moate (for tlie stewards) had asked him to retain the hours at sea which' were fixed by agreement with the Commonwealth Line of Steamers in 1920. In that year the Commonwealth Ministry, by an agreement with the stewards, decided for some reason to attempt to conduct its shipping business on an eight-hour day. This was done, although com peting with vessels on which stewards were not paid overtime, and although the late president of the Court, who never made hours of duty longer than he could fairly make them, had for many years fixed 10 hours a. day. The experiment had conttinued for about three years, and the Commonwealth Government felt compelled to ask the Court to fix the same hours .for stewards on its vessels as were con sidered fair by the Court for stewards on other seagong vessels. The rates for stewards could not be ' fixed on a seven-day. basis without fixing the same basis for cooks, fire men, officers, and other persons en gaged in the shipping industry, as well as for domestic servants, milkmen, stablemen, and many others. The rate would therefore, be fixed on the usual basis adopted by the Cpurt. except that no deduction would be made for tips. It was admitted that on such a basis the rate would be about £14/1/ .a month. Mr. Justice Powers then anounsed monthly rates of pay as follows: — Second steward, £16/12/6; second class steward, £16/12/6; chief laundry steward, £16/12/6; fore cabin steward, £15/12/6; pantry-man (either saloon), £15/112/6; chief saloon steward, £15/2/6; saloon waiter, £14/12/6; bedroom steward, £14/12/6. The rates for adult stewards then varied down to £14/2/6, while for cadets and pro bationers, they ranged from. £5/15/ to The ordinary hours of duty for stewards on all steamers in terminal ports upder the award were fixed at eight a day beetween the hours of 7 a.m. and 5 p.m. In the case of stewards required for tea watch, they will be between the hours of 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. The ordinary hours of duty except on vessels of the Common wealth Line of steamers at sea are not to exceed 10'' a day. The ordinary hours for stewards at sea on cargo steamers of the Commonwealth Line are to continue j.t eight a day; and on | tho passenger steamers of the Com monwealth lino, nine a day. ? :o: The Chairman of the Australian Com monwealth Shipping Board (Mr. H. B. G. Larkin, C.B.E.), Shipping Board's speaking in Brisbane Activities. last week said he be lieved that the board was very wise to take the action that j it did in deciding to dispose of portion of the Commonwealth Government fleet. Mr. Larkin intends to visit all the principal ports of the Commonwealth, with the object of reorganisition. He would also visit the line's clients. 'I am very pleased with the success and popularity of the 'Bay' ships,' said Mr. Larkin. 'I came from Home in tho Hobson's Bay, and was satisfied com pletely.' One thing that the board in tended to do, he said, was to eliminate the six first class cabins on each boat, and to make tne vessels ausmuiuij class. The first class cabins were not a paying proposition. Moreover, a por tion of the deck had to be reserved for the first class passengers, and this was distasteful to the others. The board, he said, anticipated that 'there would be changes made shortly under a new organisation. The head office would be transfered to Sydney, and the chief business transacted there instead of in Melbourne and London, where the principal offices of the com pany were stationed. He did not an ticipate that this would mean serious changes in the Brisbane, Adelaide, and Fremantle offices of the company. During the past few weeks the board of Trade has been conferring with re I presentatives of the Apprenticeship various sections of the Question. building industries N with a view of for mulating conditions of appren ticeship. Determination of the board have already been made with respect to bricklaying and painting and decorating, and it is the board's purpose to formulate more liberal con ditions of apprenticeship in the build ing industry with a view partly of re lieving the shortage of skilled me -1 ? s ? ? r~\ wttVl Iden. of cnaiucs, uiiu ? — | diverting minors from dead-end oc cupations into the ranks of the^skllled mechanic. The secretary to the board (Mr. Lamond) said a few days ago that the discussions so far held show that the trade unions are prepared to co-operate with employers and with the board in arriving at tho .objective stated, as there is a general realisation that if the skilled occupations are to be recruited by means of the haphazard .methods of the past,— namely, by processes of immigration and the dilution of skill led labour by the admission to the higher grades of industry or laDourers, the effect must be to produce a lower general level of skill in the industry, and a consequent drop in the rates of J wages for skilled work. The industries so far dealt with, Mr. Lamond stated, comprise, the plumbing, metal ceiling manufacturing and fixing, slating, tiling, and shingling, tilelaying, stonemasonry, and the industries, of electricians and carpenters and joinens. In some cases it has been found that the parties are already conferring re specting the matter, and some delay will necessarily take place pending the completion of these voluntary confer ences. In ;other cases, as, for instance, 1 in tilelaying, it is found that the actual work of laying tiles Is performed by sub-contractors rather than (by the big manufacturing and retailing com panies. and as any apprenticeship tuition must therefore be imparted by, the actual workers in the industry it will be necessary to consult the sub contractor. The painters and deco rators were able to approach the board with a complete code of rules; and, after discussion, the board has, with some little alteration, adopted these as an expression of its determinations in this particular industry. In other cases the attention of parties has been drawn to the more liberal ideas em bodied in the regulations enacted for the bricklaying industry, and !it is probable that these will prove satis factory in a number of other industries. The departures referred to Include provision for tfliortened terms of ap- ' prenticcsmp in tne case oi uoys oi au vanced ago, and more liberal wage provision; provisions for enabling ap-' prentices to be taken by associations, and provision for intensive training. Schemes for adult apprenticeships, which in each ease must receive tho consideration of the board, have not proved distasteful tp the parties who have appeared before the board, and no doubt this provision will be adopted In a number of cases. The regulations suggested by1 the board, Mr. Lamond explained, enable it to exempt any master or apprentice from some or all of the terms upon or without conditions, and a further provision relieves both the master and apprentice of any harassment by per,-' sons indlrcptly interested, inasmuch as proceedings for any penalty may be instituted only by the board Itself. ' The estimated population of Australia at the end of June, 1923, was 5,688,092, composed of 2,897,017 | Australia's males and 2,791,042 fe Population males, being an increase . v of 121,347 over the figures for the previous year. There aro 1,115,787 males and 1,073,592 females in New South Wales. The population of the various States is; — Now South Wales ? 2,189,379 Victoria .... ? ? ? 1,607,586 Queensland .' ? 805,636 South Australia ? 516,685 Western Australia ? 348,119 Tasmania ? ? 213,784 Northern Territory ? 3,648 Federal Territory ? ? 3,255 : The ''corresponding figures for the whole of Australia at June 30, 1922, were 2,830,409 males, 2,736,336 females, or a total of 5,566,745. There was a total increase during the year ended of 121,347, made up of 66,633 males and 54,709 females. Of this total the excess of births ? over ' deaths accounted for 84,567, while the excess of arrivals over departures accounted for 36,780. Since the census of April 4, 1921, the population of Australia has increased by 252,358. 