NEWS SUMMARY. While several members were critical of the formation of the composite Ministry, I ' a resolution of confidence was passed at a meeting of the Nationalist party yesterday. ' It is considered in America that Presi- ? dent Harding's proposal is that the United States shop, join a world's court. It is ' regarded as an effort to pave the way for a much broader foreign policy, 3; The Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce) announced at a meeting of the Nationalist party that he had agreed with Dr. Page to refer the question of the import duty on sugar to a special tribunal for consideration, and also to ask the Tariff Board to investigate the Customs duties on agricultural machinery. :'. 'Die British Labour party has tabled a motion to the effect that the French and Belgian Chambers should be invited to appoint committees to exchange views with a committee of the House of Commons on the question of reparations. Replying to a deputation which asked for a reduction in railway freights for cattle and store sheep, the chairman of the Railways Commissioners (Mr. Clapp) said that " it was impossible to hold out any hope for a reduction of freights in the immediate future. The Duke of A Abercorn, the first Governor General of Ulster, made his State entry into Belfast and was received with remarkable enthusiasm. 2'? The State Cabinet has deferred making further appointments to the Health Commission pending an expression of opinion I from metropolitan municipal councils coli |. terning their representation on the commission. !' In Arcading article, the "Morning Post" I said that it welcomed the note struck by Sir) Bruce, when "be reminded Australians of' tho*need'for an Empire policy on defence, ph foreign relations, and oh trade. V Suggestions by the Auditor-General for i placing the finances of the Railways department on a sound basis include a deprecia- tion: fund and the writing off of abandoned assets.', , " A deputation from the British Empire Producers' organisation urged Sir William Joynson-Hicks that it should be made obli- gatory! on every Government department or public body to buy only goods of Empire origin and employ British labour ex- clusively Approval has been given by the State Cabinet to proposals submitted by the Rice Friday Commission for retail supplies to country towns, estimated to cost not more things 100,000 in the next 12 months for the. necessary works. 'of'' A small hydroplane of German make is saidd be capable of being rapidly, encased in a tube 22ft.-" in length, and of being lashed to the bridge of a submarine. Sir Elliot Johnson intimated to a meeting of the Nationalist party yesterday that he did not intend to allow himself to be nominated for the Speakership, and it was decided to support the nomination of Mr. Watt for the post. Three Raphael paintings removed from the palace of an Italian countess at Gorizia, in Austria, during the war have been found in the shop of a rag and bone man at Genoa ?-??"??? Six men were lost in a storm during the voyage of the Danish barque Sierra from Sundsvall to Melbourne. At a conference held in London British passenger agents urged the Australian Government authorities in London to adopt the Canadian system of sending representatives to inform passenger agents of their immigration requirements. Soldiers' fathers at the annual conference at Geelong yesterday urged the restoration of the Rcnatriatiqn'pbrtfUlio. Architects consider that there should be public competition. for the design and erection of the buildings at Canberra. Archbishop Duhig, of Brisbane, in a Lenten pastoral letter, warns people against joining any society or organisation to- help those in 'alarmed'' opposition to the Government in Ireland. According to the chairman of the Soldier Settlement Board (Mr. McIver), the next 18 months will be the critical stage for soldier settlement. A deputation from the Proston, Northcote, Heidelberg, and Fitzroy councils asked the Minister, for Railways to relieve the congestion of passenger traffic on the northern suburbs lines. says Final results of the technical school examinations' were issued yesterday by the Education department. The sixth "E" class steamer for the Commonwealth Government line ? the Elouera' will be launched from the Williamstown dockyards on Friday. Prizes' amounting to £1,000 'will- be; awarded for designs for the. completion of the spires of St.' Paul's Cathedral. Mr. Charles Nuttall told the Institute of. Ad. Men yesterday his experience of caricaturing Mr. Hughes. ( James Sugrue was sentenced to three years' imprisonment on a charge of having received timber knowing it to have been stolen; and George Edwards to 18 months' imprisonment on a charge of having stolen the timber. Sir William Irvine said that Siigrtic's: wins the master' mind. The Full Court of the High Court is being asked to say whether money derived from a single transaction in wheat scrip is, or is, not, taxable income.: Measures are being taken by the directors' of the Squatting Investment Company Limited to Write down the capital arid write off uncalled capital. Sir Jehangir Kothari, a leading citizen from Karachi, India, is visiting Melbourne in the course of his sixth tour of the world. Satisfactory progress is being made with the hookworm campaign which is being' undertaken by the Commonwealth in conjunction with State Governments. .. | The men serving in the submarines which the Commonwealth Ministry has decided to dispose of are to be employed in other branches of the Australian Navy, . A well-dressed young woman is suspected of six cases of housebreaking in the suburbs. The Seamen's Union has decided to re affiliate. with the Trades Hall Council and "the Australian Labour party. A new agreement has been arrived at regarding rates and hours of work of butchers. Snakes are unusually plentiful at Ivanhoe this year. A few days ago one was found in the State school yard. .''?'' It was reported at Ballarat yesterday that a young woman whose night had been impaired by cataract was able to tell the time after she had attended the healing mission. Bad lighting and inadequate ventilation are claimed to be responsible for ill-health among telephone mechanics. Giving evidence before the Coal Tribunal, the president of the New South Wales Co-operative Society said that the Commonwealth statistician's figures of the cost of commodities were obtained from a scope of inquiry which was too narrow. For having attended to impose on a resident of Burnie, Tasmania, by means of a telegram asking for £10, John Denniston was fined CO at the St. Kilda Court yesterday. Three railway employees and a tailor were arrested in Swan Hill in connection with alleged thieving on the Bendigo Swan Hill line. In the City Court yesterday Mr. R. Knight. P.M., criticised the method adopted by the Railways department in regard to the payment for articles left in trains by passengers. Dirty, and living in degradation, if young girl who disappeared from Korumburra some months ago was found by the police in a Fitzroy slum. Sporting. 6 Women to Women .... 4-5 Illustrations. 9 Commercial and Mining .. ....".. 8 Country News.-.. 14 Shipping and Weather .... 13 Wool Trade 5 Items of Interest .. ,, ... ,.-*..'.?;.*.¦*.- 12 