[?] ' Millionaire Bird Lovor. ) Henry Ford,, the maker of motor cars, ; Is a great bird loVer. On his country estate he has set u,p 500 little houses for. the birds, which he calls his bird hotels, (and one of them, a hous^e for martins, has 76 little rooms. It is worth-, noting^ that ? the only time that Ford has used his | power to influence legislation^'was' when ' he tried to get a bill pass.ed through the. \ U.S.A. Congress providing' 'for sanctuaries ; for migratory 'birds. . !' Improving Jail Conditions. . !' Sweeping changes are being brought about in the English prison system. The reforms include: Abolition of the broad : arrow, ordinary^^ircutting, instead of ?'convict' crops^i^^Bcfes or bars- between \- convicts and TOffpfci^arid talking' between MS#'* - ? ? '? ?' ?-? ? prisoners -at work allowed. -Added;to this concerts, lectures, debates, and even dramatic, entertainments are provided for the prisoners. f ' An Old Saying. To say that a certain article is not worth 'a rap'' has no connection whatever with a rap om the knuckles. ; During tlie reign of George the First the'rap' was' ' the name given to a spurious; coin which ? frequently did service for ''a halfpenny, and when a person said that- he would not 'give a rap' for anything .he referred to Ihis worthless coin, v A Good Reputation. They were' trying an Irishman, charged with a petty offence, in an Oklahoma town, when the Judge asked: 'Have you anyone in court who will vouch for your good character?' 'Yes, your honor,' quickly ' responded the Celt, 'there's :the sheriff there.' The sheriff here evinced signs of amazement. 'Why, your honor,' declared he, 'I don't even know the man.' 'Observe, your hon6r,V-.said the Irishman, (triumphantly, 'observe that I've lived in the country for oyer twelve years an' the ? sheriff doesn't know me yit. Ain't that - a character' for ye?' The Poor Editor at Home, u v He had just reached home after a-very busy day at the office. He was tired ahd .'weary, and hoped for rest. 1 . . . . In rushed mother's darling boy, aged »hh\e: 'Dad, is the sea a mile in depth?' .,s\ 'Oh, I don't know, dear.' ' Quietness a few minutes. 'Dad, do cannibals use or eat postage stamps?' 'I don't know, lad.' - . . Another pause. ''Well, dad, can you , teli me if when my. hair's ripe it will fall ?out like yours does?' ' . (? i - . 'Shut up, and go to bed; J don't know;' 'Good night, dad. I say, 'who made ;.you an editor? You don't seem- to know much.' ? i *? ? A Modern Locomotive. 'No. 1471' is the very last word in en ? gines, and hauls .the 'Flying Scotchman' from London to -Edinburgh. ?. 'At a recent ?.trial this engine -hauled 20 . large passen ger cars weighing over 600 tons^nearly double the load , of the average express passenger train. She does a regular' non -stop run from King's 'Cro'ss (London) to t Grantham in 122 minutes — an average of ' Smiles p6r hour, ' - .'.'I' Marriage a la Mode. ? Among many of the uncivilised tribes of Africa women have no rights except what, the men grant them and are ibought ind, sold and traded among the chiefs ;for fancy shillls, spears, liquor or any incon sequential-trifles. » When a woman . has been sold more than 'three tirneS_/she has, lost even that value and is discarded quite casually. - A Co- operative .Park. , The .People's Park, ,at ySea.ttle, is 'the only park in the United States owned and managed co-operatively by Labor. The parlc. lies within the bend of a river Dn,'a beautiful tract of land near the city, and was bought by the. Trade Unionists of Seattle during the war, when meeting halls 'were -denied ; to the unionists. ;On their own . property they could hold their meetings undisturbed. j Piano Tests Locomotive. . i ?A piano in a locomotive works seems ;an i apachronism; actually . it is use'd as a detector of hidden flaws. As the compon ents are brought together for assembly a man with' a hammer goes - all over each. If the, metal rings true :with a note on the piano/ then all is well ;r but if it is a trifio sharp or flat, a flaw is 'indicat-id and can Ibe remedied. Only that 1cm motive is - fit for the road which rings true: all over. . World's Oldest Company. According to a recent newspaper - clip ping, the oldest industrial company in the world is a Swedish copper company known as Stora Kopparbergs Bergslags Aktie ?bolagct, which, according to its letterhead, was founded in 1225 A.D. Translated, it means the Greater Copper Mountain Min ing Co. The company, according to the 'Engineering and Miping Journal-Press' of New York; has always been -primarily a miner and refiner of copper, though the business has extended into many lines. It is said to be strictly up to date, in the matter of -welfare work and to maintain hospitals, libraries, : baths', : schools, co operative stores, recreational' centres,, children's summer country homes &nd; gar den plots. ? . - ?? v Enough Said. Not long ago* a Toledo clergyman was called upon to conduct the services at the : funeral of a -man with whom he had no acquaintance. . So, thinking to glean a useful hint or two touching- the deceased's character, when : he was -shown into the liying -room, the divine called a little boy of ,8, evidently a member of the . family, and put- fo him this qucctlon: * ; 1 1 ? 'Can you tell me what were the last words of your father?' ' ? h 'He didn't have any,' responded -the lad. with ; the utmost naivete; 'Ma was with, him to. the last.' - . . - . , ^ Looking Before They Leap ! , . In Roumania girls begin at the age of five and six to work on their bridal finery and their 'hope chests.' The articles are put kxv&y; as 'finished- until such time as a suitor appeal's. , -.v ?? ? ? ' ,The suitor has the privilege of examin ing the trousseau, and if 'he does not con sider it ^mple he may transfer his. affec tions td/a'jmore industrious' jnaiden,' I ' World's Largest Sailing Ship. Making its maiden trip round the world is a five-masted, barque-rigged sailing ship. as largo as many ocean-going liners. \ It is 430 feet long and carries fifty thou sand square feet of canvas. The vessel i is Danish, and is called the Copenhagen. .The big freight-carrying sailing ship has not yet been driven from -the seas! Wasn't Complete. _ ; A Wisconsin editor was visiting in Chi cago and decided to buy ,a new. Panama . hat. Going into store, he asked the , price of one that looked good to him. The | clerk replied, 'Fifteen dollars.' j 'Where are the holes?' the. editor asked. The clerk appeared bewildered for a moment, but managed to ask,. 'What . holes?' . - The editor replied, 'The wholes for ,the ears of the ass that would pay -15 'dollars : for a hat like that.' ' No Swank for Schoolgirls. : - The Scholastic Board- of Zurich ('Swit- i zerland) has sent a letter to the parents of girl . pupils insisting on a limitation of j the expenditure lavished on clothing and jewellery for their' daughters. Many girls,' especially the ' daughters of new-rich tradesmen who made fortunes' during the war, attend school in low-cut dresses of the latest Paris fashion, silk stockings, and expensive jewellery.. Keen rivalry ex ists among, the girls. Some of them even drive to school in their own motor cars. The board denounces this -display of wealth as a scandal. The- Grace. Two little urchins who belong to the unemployed school had the good fortune to find a penny ithe other day. They im mediately went into a shop and purchased two half-penny buns. Then they turned into a quiet street to enjoy their feast. 'Harsk grace, Jim, 'afore we begin,'! said the elder, recalling, what he had been taught in tho Sunday School. So . Jim said: 'Oh; Lord, bless these /a penny buns, and make 'em feel like penny 'uhs!' ??? . . ? ?? ... . _ _ ' -\ A Population of Three. The little island of 'Bresqhou, in the Channel Islands,, has a population of only three persons— Mr. and Mrs. Sharp 1 and Andrew, the farm boy.' The island is only 160 acres in extent, and Mr. Sharp, who holds the tenancy from the Crown, is 'King' of the island and entftled to make his own laws. - » Last Year's Immigrants. The number of immigrants brought to Australia in' 1922, either: ? directly by the. Government, or with some Government;, assistance, totalled over 25,000. Thou sands more came without assistance. This' iis.the largest number of arWvals in Aus itralia since the war. Old Laws -That ^Still Exist. In the United States there 'is still an unrepealed law enacting 'that all wo men of whatever age, rank, profession,' or, degree, whether maids or widows, who shall after this Act impose upon or betray into matrimony any of his Majesty's sub jects by virtue of scents, cosmetics, washes, paints, artificial teetfi, false hair, or high-heeled shoes, shall incur the pen alty now in-, force against witchcraft and tlike misdemeanors.' Another statute forbids smoking in the streets under a [penalty of a fine of twelvepence, while an old Puritan, law in Massachusetts pro hibits kissing in the, streets. A Will in Shorthand. A will, written on a telegraph blank in shorthand, has been admitted to. pro bate in regular manner, in London, its' I validity being upheld by the probate court i of 'England. It was written by a man who adopted phonetic writing as the quick est means of expressing his wishes regard-: ting the disposition ol his worldly goods when informed: by his doctor that he : had only a few hours to live. What is an Albino?. An albino is a person with an abnorm ally pale skin and fair hair, 'also -with; 'eyes of a red or pink color,, and too weak' to bear full light. jHis condition is due i to a deficiency iOr an absence of pigment;' (?coloring matter) . in : the skin, hair arid'' eyes. Albinism (as the state of- the al-^ bino ' is called) occurs among all races; of .mankind, - especially among the Indian; and negro races, and may be complete5' or partial. Instances - of xthe latter are; very common, among : th^ ijegroes of the? United States and of South America,, irre-1 i gular white patches being scattered over I the general black surface of the' body, ' 1 ' A Cash Transaction. A certain actress, who was playing a very minor part In a musical comedy, :ame one day, in tears, to the manager. 'My diamonds!' she sobbed. .'They have jeen stolen from my Dorotliy bag.' The manager smiled ever so slightly. 'Oh,' lie said Soothingly, 'I shouldn't worry over a' trifle like that.' 'All very well for you to talk,' cried the actress. 'But there was a ten-shilling note in the bag, -and that is gone .too.' - * . The manager at once became ' graved 'That's as different matter,' lie declared. 'We'll have a detective, in at once.' All Not Gold That Glitters. Spurious gems ar$ being fabricated in England to such an extent that the posi :ion of many genuine diamond mines and miners have become a problem.- Various stones have been treated to produce suffic ient brilliancy to be passed' off as dia monds. Appropriate 'John, dear,' remarked the invalid's wife,' 'I'll -have to run away for an hour or so. I've got the material for a -new dress that the 'dressmaker— — 'But,' complained the patient, 'do you think.it rlfeht to be thinking of dress while I'm -so ill?'. ? 'Why, John, it will be all right, what ever happens — it's a black dress!' ? \- ? «? ^ Tact and Discretion.. A 'little while ago an officer of police Was teaching young constables police duty. He impressed upon them that it was more or less, a common-sense occupation; He said: 'When I was a young constable patrolling my beat, I had an occasion to go along, a . river path one night, and to my surprise I met. three rough-looking, men carryirfg bags. I observed that they. contained rabbits.*1 '? 'One p£ the men said:- 'Now, young 'un, w^iat are you going to do, have a couple of the best, or he chucked in the cut (river) ?' . 'I accepted a couple; I thought this was: a case for discretion.*' - ; - Left His Eye at Hotel. A man. recenUy left his glass - eye in- a^ New Jersey hotel; 'where .he had stopped, and wrote to the manager asking its re-, turn. The manager sent the lost article backhand said- that it was the . first eye he ha'd found since the' hotel opened. Articles most commonly left by 'guests, he added, are pyjamas and night gpwns, of Wlhlch he has a choice collection 'awaiting their owners' return. Other things Jfrer -iuentiy ? left behind by travellers are jewels, umbi'ellas, canes, brief cases and razors. . - ? ' ' - So'nte Old Sayings. * . j « . ' 'Jn the nick of time' is because tallies were once marked -off with nicks;: 'Like it or lump it,' because tq lum^ (Devon'-j shire) is to sulk ; 7 'Neither, ' rhyme . nor reason,' because Sir Thomas More once advised a budding writer to turn some thing he had written into verse, saying, ''It will be rhyme t&en;, oand, itls neither that nor reason now'; and 'Not' worth a fig,' because 'fig' is from 'fico,' .-a snap of the fingers' (Italian), ' x How Egyptians Choose the Baby's Name. 1 In an Egyptian family the parents 2hoose a. name for their baby by lighting three wax candjes. To each of these they give a name, one of the three belongs always - to 'sonier dignified person. The candle that 'burns the longest determines the name to be besto-wed upon the infant. Wiping Out a Mountain. The mountain Morro de Castello en croaches on the ^business section of Rio laneiro. It has been decided that this huge excrescence must go. Twelve mil lion dollars, raised in the United States, and twelve men, also raised in- the United States, will endeavor to impress upon tho mountain the fact that it is 'persona non grata. The hint will be conveyed by means of dynamite, hydraulic pressure* and pick and shovel. Good Old Ireland. The wit of an Irish newsboy is . scathe - irig, as a welj-known comedian found to his cost. Thinking 'to impress the queue, which assembled, /the comedian called to a little chap selling paper's:-' - : 'Say, boy, do you want a job?'' 'I do, Sir. What is it?' 'Wqll,' said' the comedian, 'the man* ager of this show wants a fool.' - 'Faith,'.' retorted the lad, 'is he think-; ing of sackin' you, or of keepin' two?' Relics of a Bygone Age. ' 'Near the Yukon border, in a valley in far northern British Columbia, a mining engineer has discovered the remains of mastodons that once roamed Northern Canada. This valley, is north and west of the headwaters on the Findlay River, , and is not marked on the maps. Foot prints of a three-toed animal are. im printed in the sandstone. The bones are ' not fossilised but are in an excellent state— '' of preservation. Only , dog teams are used - 3n that section and it requires a year to v make the journey. .. ; / ' School .Farm in City. The;: Board;, of Education , at Wichita, ? ICansasi^has laid out a school farm of 30 acres,' in the heart of the city. These 30 acres are aipart of a 70 -acre lot on which the ' Bo&rd; Jipf Education is building a': , : number of school buildings both' for agri'- v culture- and for general education. On that farm the school committee will under take to. teach the boys and girls who wish to make agriculture their occupa tion; ?. The idea is also to teach the other .; childreh something about farming so that, : they, too, shall be able to use spare .land to grow things. \ ' ' Wider Life for Women, . The emancipation of. women is spread ing to the farthest corners of' the world. In Burma;, for example, under the new ' con stitution women :have been given equal ? r(^hts with men. ,Then again, a league of university women has been organised^ quite recently in Austria, , while Persian women -have made a 'wonderful advance towards freedom,, being now allowed to show their faces, without fear of dire' con sequences., .Surely, tlje world -is. progress n ~ v ' ' ? ? 