AUSTRALIA'S BUTTER T1UJDJJ. PROSPECTS OF BRITISH MARKET MR. MEARES OPTIMISTIC. "It is galling," said Mr. C. E.' D. Meares at the meeting of the Coast al Farmers^ > Oo-operative Society, Ltd.," "to see buyers in London se cure lots of Australian butter, take it away, and, blend it with larger quantities of Continental butter.. "But once the people of England < began to eat the standardised butter that Australia can send, they will ef fectively shut out all blending and margarine. That 's something you can anticipate in the future." To show how Australian' butter is gaining in favour, Mr. Meares quoted one London 'trader, fwho detlared, that although some people preferred Danish butter, his firm handled only Australian and New.. Zealand butter, and found it the best butter in the world. Optimism concerning;.the future of the dairying, industry in" Australia formed the keynote of ah interesting address by Mr. C.E.D. Meares, general manager, of the b.F.S., at the annual meeting o£ shareholders of the company held at the Richmond Hall, Lismore, recently. The acting chairman ' (Mr. It. M. Dowle), in introducing Mr. Meares, referred to the fact that the Federal and State Governments had paid him the distinct honor of despatching him on an important /. mission to Great Britain to investigate trading pros pects. The board at1 the time could ill afford to spare Mr. Meares for this work, but knowing that his care-: fill training and intimate knowledge o£ Australian conditions would enable him to take up the work successfully, the board had gladly consented, and personally he (Mr. Meares) was glad to have done so. The State Premier, Sir George Fuller, in alluding., to the appointment had stated publicly that he considered there was no man in the State better qualified to fill the j position * than Mr. Meares. I The possibilities of the Empire Ex hibition and trade development were ' great, and' the immigration scheme I to be put into operation at an early j date was fraught with such import-j ance to them) and the knowledge pos-j sessed to Mr. Meares had served him: to great purpose. j FUTURE OF DAIRYING. i Mr. Meares prefaced his speech by , remarking that at every meeting of the company prior to the war, and at every meeting since, there were of two members from the P.P.U.— some good people they met with who were quite pessimistic with regard to the future of the dairying industry. These people had prodded dire dis aster. Tliey affirmed that Australia and the world was over-producing, and that other countries were going to swamp London with butter. It seemed to him that he could with advantage that day review very brief ly the position of the world with re gard to dairying, and see exactly what strength there was in this pes1, simdsm. In the first place, less than a decade ago Great Britain was draw ing the bulk of its supplies from the countries north of the t •<'"«. The position to-day was reversed, ;'nd Great Britain was now largely de pendent upon the southern hemis phere for lier 'supplies. Surely this was a cardinal fact which gave them a big assurance for the future of'tha dairying industry. At the present time trade in the European countries was in a chaotic condition, but thys was not going to last for ever.' One innnedia' result, however, was Great Britain's trade had been raore or less seriously af fected, and this in turn had had its reflex in the Australian trad.v But with the revival of confidence on the Continent, one of the first countries that Would benefit would be Australia There has been a feeling abroad re cently that because prices were low er in London since March, there was .serious trouble with the in din try there. He could assure them, how ever, that since his departure from England high prices were being rea lised, and he believed that the ave rage price this year would be great er. than that of last year, which they had considered satisfactory. 1,0CAL MARKET'. To guide the industry on their lo cal market, prior to the war they had a local committee in charge. Since the war this comniiUtee was revived, witli a subsequent addition all strong co-operative men, whose policy had proved advantageous. The proprietary people, on the other hand, were determined that the growing strength of the producers should not be used in the way they wished, and they had done their best to smash up the organisation. Mat ters had finally reached a climax, and at a meeting in Sydney facts tferp placed clearly before the dairy men, and . the committee had since fulfilled .their duties with better re sults than previously. They were able to keep the Sydney market price very much higher than the actual price for export. The actual cash result of the committee's action was that during the flush season of 1922 and right up to the drought in Jan uary, the market had kept up to 175s per cwt., which was 35s higher than .for the same period of the previoui year. The average price for 12 months had been 183s 6d—a very satisfac tory value and 34/higher than ruling 'for the previous year. It was true that the cessation -of the export of meat and the lessening of meat pro duction had thrown a great many more people into dairying, so that Australian exports had increased, but against this they must place the de crease in exports from other coun tries. RECENT PALL IN PRICES. With regard to the recent fall in prices, in London no product »vas more rapidly arffedted by iclimatic conditions than butter. In England there'has been a mild winter and an early spring, with increased produc tion. Then, too, with the fall of the mark in the Ruhr, Denmark had hen compelled to withdraw 35,000 tons o" butter from - that market, and thin they had placed with London. These were factors which had accomplished a recent fall, but notwithstanding this the price would be a shade bet ter than last-year. Once there was a return to more normal conditions in the Northern Hemisphere Austra lia would be the first to benefit. Then they" had another great help ful factor on the horizon, and that was the holding - of the Empire Ex hibition in London. Many thousands of extra people were going- to be in London for the exhibition, and a large amount of butter and other pro ducts would have to be reserved to feed them. ; v . . There were one or two other fac tors worthy of consideration if they had any anxiety—which he had not. Take, standardisation. If they want ed their butter to attain higher pri ces in London:they must get to work to improve the quality. They must so standardise .it as, t.o place it be yond the reach or the need* of the blenders. They had been producing in. the past very largely for the bene fit of *'io manipulators aiul blenders ] in London. ' | DENMARK'S UNIFORM PRODUCT. Denmark, after trying for 2*0 years, was now producing a uniform-butter, so much so that there was no need to place an individual brand on any o£ the butter exported to London. The result was that the people were merely conscious1 that they were buy ing Danish butter. -If; after 20 years the Danes had dug themselves into the confidence of Great Britain to the the extent that they were able to sell at an enhanced price, was 'it not time that Australia started to follow their exam/pie. Climatic conditions specially: favoured Australia', in the production of -butteiv; They Knew1 that Australian ■ butter was absolutely better than any other product in the world. It was almost sinful, when they were;talking so much about co operation, that something had not been done in this regard before. Whil st in London he had had unique op- ; povtunities for observing the pro- : ducts of all ljarts of the world pour-j ing into London, and of comparing I Australian products with these. Be-j cause of the Continental debacle cur ' rent ju^t now, they had all the other countries pouring' their products over the counters in Great Britain, which was the one country which could pay cash now. Immediately conditions improved on the Continent this state of affairs would cease. SELLING DECENTRALISATION. No doubt, in the matter of decen tralisation of selling, the Federation in London would need to establish branches in the northern centres; and when the time arrived that they could land their Australian butter in these great centres of the old country there was np need why they should not . displace a great deal of the Danish butter from those markets. Referring to the proposal of the Imperial Government for trade with in the Empire, Mr. Meares asked his hearers not to believe that this was merely political clap-trap. It was really, a selfish business proposi tion^ Great' Britain was very anxious to develop trade business within the Empire, because she realised that if she was to secure Australia as her cutomer then she would in return have to find a market for Australian products. There was no more impor tant thing looming ahead for Aus tralia than the great economic gat hering to take place, in the near fu ture. He had given expression to some of the wider views which should appeal to them, and give them great er confidence in the industry than some of them possessed at the pre-' sent time. FAITH IN THE FUTURE. \- "I am one of those who believe that the marketing future of all milk pro ducts is absolutely assured," said Mr Meares, "and that the world cannot produce enough in this regard to meet 'requirements. The population of America has overtaken production The population of England, also, is rap idly increasing; and they cannot pro duce sufficient milk products to meet the demand." Mr; Meares declared that there were millions of pounds behind the move to. transport large numbers of Britons to Australia. In the past they were 2iot quite sure of the earnest ness of the British Government in ■ this regard, but to-day there was no doubt at all on the point. Could not the producers see that by this means they were going- to increase the con sumption at home, and that the local market was going to Improve? And if it was good enough to improve the standard for export, it was equally important to improve the quality for the local market. There was another factor which must be emphasised in connection with the marketing of butter. In Australia, and particularly in New South Wales, they .*iad never made any real progress, or received the value of their labor, until they had built up the co-operatl7e distributing agencies, until all the distributing companies concentrated on one floor, thus allowing buttsr to regulate its own price. 