MM hM COMMENTS ~ OS MATTtfiVraMML Tho cables a few days ago gave tho news that the Prime Minister and an entourage of ton assistants, together with tho wives of {several, would journey to London ti- take part in a Conference, It was stated that the party comprised tho larcrnHl; which had over left Australia on u similar liji.-i- || sion, even Mr. Hughes' delegations being 1 outshone. The irony of the position ia i that tho eoiiforoneo to wiiieh thin happy i party is journeying has been inisnamoil M tho 'Economic' Conference H * ? ? ' H Tho advent of ( Sir Harry Lander is I bringing into gossip quite n -number oJ' 13 stones with a Scottish intorost. Quo now i going the rounds deals with two English- | men, two Irishmen and two Scotsmen, . i stranded on three separate islauds. 'And m what did vou Englishmen do?' asked an I inquirer after their return. 'Seeing \vu H md not boon introduced,' Kaid one En},'- 1 ishman, 'I bally woll didu't speak ii» I him.' 'What did you two Irishmou do?' I 'Sure, and. wo fought most of the time,' I said Pat. The inquisitor continued, 'What i did you Scotsmen do then'/' 'Woll, no--, I bom' Scotsmen, wo two formed a Culo- m donian Society.' i » ? ? ? t ? Those who regularly travel between Fro- I mantlo and Perth by road cannot fail to i be impressed with the fact that a no- i ordination between the employers of trans- I port would effect eonsiderabl economy. I Dozenti of motor aud hoi'Be drawn lorries; I pass in either direction daily without a i load. If n central clearing house scheme i ^vere adoptod, there would bo littlo ucca- I flion for teuisport vehicles running empty I over the 12 miles entailed. In fact, for I tho economy resulting they could even in- | crease tho salaries of their drivers aud I still ehow themselves to be on the right 1 side; t This matter might mako a subjocK 1 for discussion by tho Chamber of Coin- I merco or tho Chamber of Manufactures. 1 \ ? m » 1 According to the cables Mrs. Mill a (Jar- I son, a Danish-American, who uii.sum.vs- | fully attempted to swin tho Channel ro- I oently, was accompanied by her husband I in a row boat. Sho was ''cheered' with I the playing of a gramophone. Rather a 1 doubtful sort of encouragement for a wo- 1 man, whon one remembers their ability I for repartee, and the necessity in such ii I predicament of keeping ouo'e mouth shut. I o ?- a b H A queer case came before tho County I Court in Melbourne recently. A husband I who had elected to livo apart from his I wife called one morning a.t his lato home I with a lorry -ml removed tho furniture I despite protests from his spouse. In the I court ho stated that he. handed over all I his wages to his wife, except Is. 7d. a I week, and therefore considered the fur- I niture had been bought with his money. Tho husband was forced to return thu furniture, Tho moral to husbands in obvious. « -? * ? A well-known city architect some litflo time ago was called to tho country in con - noetion with^ his work. it might he men tioned that ho is an ardent nnihician, and spends much time at tho organ with the classical eompo^jiv;. J lu was about to enjoy the evening by the iiresido in thu hotel when a request was ))rei'orml (hut he should play for a local concert thai night, the pianist being ill and none ol-her being available. At personal iin;onveni em'C andcuit oi: the goodness of hiu hcarL, the aveldtecfc-musieian eon. rented, and a long programme of 2C- items with a iW tncoros thrown in was eventually complet ed. The tired accompanist way about to leave his ('hair when auoUier member ui! the concert committee intimated it wtia l'egular tu have a low dance:; sifter a con cert, ami would he oblige? h'aiher than be .thought boorish, Uio mui'iiiiati uonsentod and by_ improvising a number oi:1 cla-:::ic;W compositions manured lo provide i\ i'ew jazzes and other (Unices. The climax e;im-i Y/hcn a member of tho committee ap proached the M.C., who vvaa standing wild his back to tho pianist, and auid: 'You can tali tho old ? (indicating tho relief pianist) that he can «u now; tho accor dions havo arrived.' -* 1i C l- When dealing with the Prohibition ques tion at the recent W.C.T.U. Convention, one member raised a laugh with the state ment that 'Mr. Tommy Walker hail re turned from America with the burial ser vice of 'Johnny Walker.' ' One would I think a modern version of the Cain uu-l | Abel domestic drama waa to be staged, I This wcok-ond tho Governor and tho j Premier will holiday in the ranges between j Kolmscott and the pale, those practically j uninhabited parts lying between the metro. j polii.au area ami Beverley. It is said thai j they expect (o get .somo kangaroo shooting. Most men who go after kangaroos iii thai part oi' the country try to dorlgo the in HpectoiTi as tliey return to the city lest they be haled before the magistrates to bo lined anil have their lirearma confiscated for shooting kangaroos in an area in which tho marsupials are supposed to bo protect ed. (t « 0 « The change of Ministry in Tasmania interests many people in parts of .tho Com monwealth other than the Island Tho new Cabinet has already been described in tho newspapers as a wowser Ministry. Four of tho live members are prohibitionists, and tho other says that he will support a referendum o-n the liquor question. Tho new Premier -3ir Walter Leo)t' and Mr. Pitt are regular occupants of Mothodiiit pulpits. But what is of more moment to Australians generally is that Mr. Newton is a strong opponent of gambling in all its forms. Tattorsali's sweeps ore drawn at Hobart, and aro a prolific Bourco of revenue to the State Treasury. It is stated thai thero is now a danger of the now Ministry putting an 'end to tho conduct of tho sweeps in Tasmania, There have been many reasons adduced for the return homo of' people who luvl come to Australia as immigrants. Ap parently some of them look upon Austra lia as a heathen land. At the Ballora!: Presbytery meeting last week the Ilov. John Walker' said that he had Icnown of cases where people had returnod to Scot land owing to tho backwood facilities pro vided for worship in Australia. The approach of summer, with its ac companytug1 mosquito annoyances makes tho following London message more than of general interest: — 'A mosquito should not bo killed immediately it alights on tho hand, according to Professor Maxwell Lo froy, a famous entomologist, who in 'a lec ture emphasised the necessity for patience in dealing with tho insect. Ho cozisidawi that it is a better idea to watch th» u»oa quito feed and swell with blood and then to swat him. So that tho world of doubt ers might bo convinced, the professor ex plains that a mosquito injects a poisonous ?saliva for tho'purpose of irritating the cells and producing a quicker blood supply. \f. he is' unmolested, ho will suck back jjiokI. of tho poison with tho blood thus redu'i iug tho irritation.' 