Wixy Labor Won Premier Theodore In Exposition of Tory Weaknesses Elpbinstone Admits Lamentable Failure The debate on the motion for the adoption of ike Address in M$\f wm protracted to the full time allowed by the Standing Orders— a fortnight, Kerr (Tory) resumed the debate on Tuesday, Labor 'For All Timo.' .Payne (Labor) said fee was sick and tired of lickspittle loyalty such as Kerr*s speech, exhibited when Kerr had talked of deporting those who went on the same platform as the Irish Repub lican envoys. When the war was on, lip-loyalists ttaclared they were ready to give soldiers practically the whole State, but now the class Kerr represented did not trouble even to see that the soldiers got work, and in some cases employers refused to re-engage returned men who had been wounded. ('Shams 1') Be sumptions of lands with short leases falling due in 1927-28, totalling over 2,700,000 acres, should be made before longer leases were touched. It was said that people got sick of any brand of politicians. The Labor Government was unique in going through the war un changed and in securing return four times. If it continued introducing legis lation lifting those on the lowest rungs of the ladder to higher, opened the western lands to closer settlement, and brought in more humanitarian legisla tion, it would be on the Treasury benches for all time, (Labor cheers.) Vowies (Tory) claimed that to bring rural workers under arbitration awards would tend to decrease production and increase unemployment. Morgan (Tory) considered that the Government should give help to the cattle industry.' Carter (Labor) : The Government has given sympathy and aid to the industry. What have the cattle men done for themselves? McGormack (Minister for Lands): The principal trouble is that Queensland cattle do not mature early enough. Morgan said that a body of con struction camp workers in Muriila elec torate had been marched to the polling booth on election day like a lot of soldiers. Pease i Why, it was a holiday! Morgan said his son, a scrutineer^had told him this story j and added that if they had voted for Morgan the men would have been dismissed. (Laughter.) Land to be resumed in Goondiwindi dis trict was sheep land, and should not be cut up in smaller blocks than 5000 acres. It was not wheat hind. Helping the Cattle industry. I). Riordan (Labor) said the cattle industry was in such a bad way that it would nave paid to have dumped the surplus beef stocks at the end of the war. Morgan was a member of the Meat Council, and what had that council done for the industry? Middlemen got what really belonged to the cattle raisers. If the Federal Government would only man the Commonwealth steamers now lying idle, Australian meat could be put on 'the London market again in competition With the Argentine. When meat cost 6d, to lOd. in the shops and growers only received Id. to Ifd., there was something wrong. The big pastoralists had struck a levy on stock to raise funds to get their political agents oh to the Treasury benches, so that there would be exten sion of leases and the small farmer would be kept out. How desperate the big pastoralists were was shown last ses sion when the Government only had a majority of one. The State Government was doing its best for the industry. Minister for State Enterprises Porgan Smith -had stated that the Government would increase the assistance in estab lishing co-operatire meaijvork.s at Knrmaba, on^thirGulf, to £20,000. pro vided that buildings aud 'plant of the vuluo of £30,000 were erected. Hy treating cattle in the Gulf Clio growers would get over 30s. more per head than by droving them to Towiisville. Kelso. Costello, and Peterson (Tory) also spoke. Biilcock (Labor) warned that land which was boomed by private persons for. cotton-selling should be severely tested. The Public Works Commission's favorable report on the Blaekall Charleville line should be acted on. The Government's policy in resuming pas toral leaseholds should be expedited lie cause there xthst n big future before wool, os Australia had a monopoly of supers aq$ pfto^Mld)&6 *SfejgJX&£ If0 ^ujking accpunii, (Laughter.) Con siA&fttion; slioiUdTbeglvin those who had grown ratoon cotton. Tory Satisfaction with Redistribution. 3.'renjii4r Theodore, received with Labor cheers,' said the State had con trol of the cotton industry, and the British-Australian Gotfon-growing As sociation mefely acted as agents in gin ning and transhipping the cotton. Oppositionists had tried in various ways to explain their electoral defeat. No political influence had been used in an improper manner, to his knowledge, and there had been no gerrymandering. The chairman of the oommissipn had informed him that 28 out of 29 Oppo sition members In last Parliament had expresied satisfaction with the redis tribution. The Act under which the redistribution had been made had been passed by the Kidston Government. Metropolitan Opposition members had complained of the targe number of elec tors in Brisbane constituencies, and country Oppositionists had growled be cause country members had-4ost seats under the redistribution. It was im possible to please all. He had not seen members of the commission. A principal reason for the Opposition defeat was the sort of propaganda used — it was not complimentary to the workers, who in Mertbvr electorate were invited to 'awake and throw off your chains.' Fancy Merthyr's Tory can didate, Macgregor, inviting the workers to throw off their chains! The Tory appeals to the expected ignorance of the people were pitiable. The National ist and Country sections, in a Joint statement, had informed the electors : 'We »re of the one mind,' (Labor laughter.) It warned the people against committing the State to another long step towards Sovietism, and spoke of attacks against human liberty and re ligious freedom. Labor stood for a sane, rational policy, and it was unfair of Oppositionists to draw a picture of the Government as a ravening Bolshevik or a bloodthirsty monster. Queensland land companies did not pay £313 in taxation per £1000 profits, as Taylor had asserted. The tax rose to 3s. on profits exceeding 19 per cent, and actually did not exceed £75 per £1000. The flat rate system in New South Wales operated severely on the small man. Immigration— On Right Lines. The Government was entirely favor able to immigration, but it must be on right lines. It was idle to undertake expensive immigration without prepar ing land for new settlers. Immigration on a large scale was foolish whilst there were unemployed Australians. When the Burnett, Palmerston, and Goondi windi hind schemes were developed there would be room for thousands of new settlers. Wild statements had been made in the Tory Press, at election time, about the number of unemployed in Queensland. Instead of 30,000, as as serted, the number was under 2000. Sydney 'Daily Mail' had printed photos, of scores of homeless, starving wretches sleeping in Sydney Domain whilst Premier Fuller waB telling Britain that there was work in New South Wales for tens of thousands. There was much foolish talk about the railway 'deficit,' but the fact was that each year the deficit on the railways was liquidated out of the consolidated revenue. The Government's deliberate policy was to regard the railways as it did the roads, as aids to transport and trade. The Tory polics', if they wanted to avoid a deficit, would be to lower wages and increase freights and fares. Defeated on Their demerits. Elplunstone (Tory) said he did not regard -the Premier as a Socialist, but sis a moderate who had enjoyed the 'i'ruits of individualism' mid was driven by extremists against his better judgment. Oppositionists had failed lanientiilily in the. 'electoral campaign. Labor hat! not won on its merits so much as. 'the Opposition had lost on its demerits. Labor members were not shouting their victory from the house tops. Oppositionists had not won be cause they were not well disciplined and had no objective, Kirwan (Labor) : You had the Treasury, benches as an objective. mtthstone: There was need for 'iillMiliiiSI ______ that it had won the elections. Labor had a soul, though he did not use tho word in the theological sense. It had blazed the track, ploughed the field, sown the seed, and was how reading the harvest; Labor would march front fie tory to victory'. It must progress. The future belonged to the working class. (Labor cheers.) Labor was not out for violent revolutionary measures, It had taken twenty-five years to reach power, ?- and it would stay there so long that tho Opjipsitioii would need a Joshua or u Moses to lead thorn out of the wilder ness. Why, he could go to the Oppo sition benches and criticise the Govern Bizer (Tory) supported a milk pool, with the objective tof farmers' coopera tive control of milk supply throughout the State. Kirwan said he was justifiably proud of Labor's splendid victory, one unpre cedented in the history of representative government. Despite Tory assertions, the sugar industry and agricultural pro duction generally showed that the State was prospering. If the spirits of tho illustrious dead could participate in earthly concerns, then T. J. llyan would bs heard telling them to go on and finish the good work built on the foundations he had laid. (Applause.) A, 3. Jones (minister for Mines) said the State would be fully represented at the Empire Exhibition. Vigorous land settlement and railway construction and the establishment of secondary indus tries were heeded to accompany an immigration policy. Nott and Walker (Tories) also spoke, Walker saying that in his sixteen years' experience Bertram was the fairest Speaker the House had had. Useless Ceremonial, Lloyd (Labor) on Thursday was wel comed on his return to the House. He thought that for practical purposes tho use of the robe in the discharge of the Speaker's duties was advisable. The two days' useless ceremonial at the opening of Parliament could be dispensed with by the gazetting of the Governor's Speech and the signing of declarations by members instead of being sworn in. If there was any ceremonial it should be held on Ascot racecourse. Electors should be furnished with a readable sum mary of the Greater Brisbane proposals. Central Station site was inadequate, and it should be at the police barracks. G. P. Barnes (Tory) alleged that the Government's taxation policy retarded industrial progress. G. Carter, who was also cheered in recognition of regaining Port Curtis, said Barnes and Co. had been estab lished in a big emporium in Wickhani street, Valley, in the last two years, and now Barnes wa,s connected with the flour mill being erected in South Bris bane. (Laughter.) Oppositionists had given no assistance to the primary pro ducer, and had not shown sympathy with the sugar industry. Co-ordination and co-operation were requisite for primary producers' success. The boomj in cotton was due to the Labor Govern- 1 ment. Before enCirely condemning' ratoon cotton they should give it a trial. Maxwell (Tory) said it was not neces sary to go to Moscow for an objective. Hynes (Labor) : Your party has |ust come back from Moscow like Napoleon, did. (Laughter.) Hartley (Labor) considered Labor's victory was a triumph for the platform as against the mental poison spread broadcast by a large section of the Press. In 1921 the value of the output of Queensland factories was £14,000,000 more than in 1915. The margin of ex ports over imports was £3,300.000 in 1921 and £8,934,000 in 1922. Appel (Tory) interpreted his party's policy as that Socialism which saw the State assisting the individual by advice and financial aid if necessary to bring about a successful end. McCormack: If you had a policy of State Socialism you would have more members behind you. Your policy is one of exploitation. Appel: I have no sympathy with the middleman, for I know what the middle man took out of me. Tost for Ratoon Cotton. Foley (Labor) agreed that the pas toral leasehold resumptions found the people's approval, and Minister McCormack was the right man for tllo work. Increased population, greater railway revenue ( aud more work would result. The Council of Agriculture would require to watch world's market developments in order to advise settlers what to produce'. Primary producers should note what Danish agriculturists had done, and do something for them selves. There was room for investiga tion into the value of ratoon cotton, which in some parts of the State could be grown to more advantage than tlie : plant or annual crop, Deacon, JDfaai-dfl, Jind Fry also sjjpko, I^^HIHwBlwWfil^H^B £1718 10s. lid., and for December, 1922, £66722s. State Enterprise Profits. i I Forgan Smith (Minister for Stater [Enterprises), replying to Gilday (Labor), who had asked for a statement of the profits of State butcheries as an answer to Kelso (Tory)* who had said they could not compete against private enterprise, said : Had Kelso referred to the last Trade Commissioner's report, he would have found that the net accumulated profits on the State butcher shops to that date were £140,686. After all payments and charges had been met to June 30 last, the net profits were £51,928 15s. Id. paring the past year the business has increased, and in Brisbane alone last week the State shops served 40,000 customers. New Bills. Section 18 oAhe Dingo and Marsupial Destruction Act is to be amended so that the present fixed bonus of £1 per head for dingoes and foxes can be altered from time to time by regulation. A Bill to provide for the periodio auditing by Government appointees of trust accounts held by lawyers and others,, and so prevent embezzlement of trust funds, was read a first tinie. Minister Mullan said that in recent years people had lost £50,000 in three cases. A Bill, was introduced for the check ing of diseases in poultry. Primary producers vemn'ro protection against inferior sheep dip ami «prnyH, etc.; and jTHiH, introduced by Minister Gillies* for tUnt uurposo passed its first. reading. H will regulate the sale of insecticides, fungicides, and weed de stroyers. Minister Mullan stated it was pro posed to alter the definition of a ship, so as to enable workers engaged in the phipmng trade to come under the Workers'^ ;; Compensation -Act, and to make; other amendments of the Act. A SiUfiiif $|||p , ____^_ 