Maiftly About People. VT&&KZISBA.;' - Sir Henry and Lady Lefroy are in town aod stayirl^ at ate Palace. Sir Henry re torns to Mobra on Saturday, but Lady Lefroy ,wili remain in town for some time. ? Jfewg;has been, received from New Zea land of the birti of the Hon. Mrs. Tahu' Rhodes 's third daughter. Mrs. Ehodes is wife of Captain Tahu Rhodes, and eldest sister of the present Lord Plunket and daughter of the late Lord Pltmket, former ly ?Governor-General of -Hew Zealand. Her son';is a godson of the Prince of ?' Wales, after whom he has been called David. Mrs. Rhodes 's cousin, Lady Patricia Blackwood, is due to arrive in Sfew Zealand shortly to. join her. Lady Patricia is a niece of Lady Novar, better known as Lady Helen Mtmro Ferguson. ? Mr^ Jack Hughes, of Mitmivale, left for Newca3tle by the Zealandia last Saturday on a visit to his parents. ' An important conference of the Yotmg Women's Cluistian Association has jast. been; concluded at Ocean 'Grove, 'Victoria, when there; was a large and representative gathering of members and delegates from all parts of the Commonwealth. Our own local association was represented by Miss Muriel Holl, Miss Violet Speneer, and Miss Caruthers. Miss Owen, the national general secretary, had inuch. of interest to say on the growth of the association, in Australia. Mr. Jtmor SmiQi, of Melbotraie, is ar riving on a business visit to the State next week. Mr. J. ScacWan, Minister for Mines and Rafhrcys, who was suffering from slight sunstroke during the week-end, has; his friends will be pleased to learn, quite re covered from his indisposition. Mr. Dim can Paterson returned to Perth from London yesterday. After a brief visit to town, Mrs. Rupert Botterill has returned to Tootra Station. Miss Edith Walker, of Jersey, Channel Islands, is a passenger to Melbourne by the ILM.S. Ormonde to-day, on a visit to her relatives. Miss Walker spent the day with friends in Perth. Melbourne gallery girls have taten Ma mie Watson, the beautiful 'F)ppH«h musical comedy actress, who has the title role of 'The O'Brien Girl/5 at the Melbourne Princess Theatre, to their collective hearts. After every evening performance of M1'- Hngh J. Ward's musical comedy, a party of^ gallery girls wait at the stage door for Misa Watson to leave the theatre, and then stroll to Cliveden Mansions, where she has a flat, T?ith her. These little walks, and the intimate girliish confidence which her de vote»l chums favor her with, are as delight ful to Miss Watson as to them. 'I am getting to know quite a lot about the real Australian gjri, though my association with these charming friends of mine, and thp. more I see o£ her the more I find to ad mire and respect in her.' The gallery girls' attentions do not begin and end with watts. They send Miss Watson flowers, frnifc, cheering little notes, and in other ways make her feel that both her art and her personality are admired by them. Miss Peggy Murxayj of Malcolm-street, is returning to town on Friday, after a trip to the South-West, during which she took part in the tennis tournaments at Bun bury and Albany. Her younger sister, He len, is staying with Mr. and Mrs. Par ker, of York. Mr. W. M. Hughes, M.H.R., has a trea sured gift in his possession — a volume of Shakespeare, given to him by Matthew Ar nold. This was when Mr* Hughes was a lad of tender years attending Baroness Burdett's Coutts' school at Westminster. Later, when Mx. Hughes became a teacher, he again had evidence of the poet's inter est and sympathyj when he directed and encouraged the young student's reading, and offered to secure him a better position as a teacher. The late Prime Minister, however, already had his eye on Australia, and left London for Brisbane when he was only 20. Mrs. W. E. Bennett, of QaTemont, and her little daughter and nurse, left to-day for a holiday at Albany. Mr. Godfrey Humphrey, of Mooku is atayinga few days with his fattier, Ihv fflumphrey, at Cottesloer and during his visit is attending the wool sales. The marriage was recently quietly cele brated of Princess Dagmar, youngest sister of the King of Denmark. Only near rela tives of the Princess and the bridegroom were present. The bridegroom is an un titled officer of the Danish Guards, Lieu tenant Jorgen Castenskiold. It Is under stood t£e Princess will drop her title. The friends of Mr. R. Connell, Commis sioner of Police, will be pleased to hear that he is making progress, after his oper ation in Nurse Anderson's Hospital, St. George 's-terrace. . The Right Rev. the Moderator, the Rev. J. R. Blancliard, B.A^ intended, paying an official visit to Albany during the coming week-end, but owing to the death of the Rev. Ninian Melville, he4 is going to JSorr tham instead. . . News has been received in Perth of the engagement of Miss Enid. Boan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Boan, to a nephew of Lord Forbes. The bridegroom elect is young, and a captain in the Cold stream Guards. Miss Boan is at present on the Riviera with her mother. It is said that in London the bowler hat has' unquestionably returned to glory. The Prince of Wales and his brothers wear the bowler, as does the King himself, and sueh types of men as the Earl of Crewe, Earl Howe, Sir Harry Stonor, the Earl of Der by, Mr. Chamberlain, Lotd Claud Nigel Hamilton, and Sir Victor Warrender favor it.: . : ??. ? ,_ ; ??_ Mr. Joe Brennan and his wife, Miss Ida Newton, who, during former visits to Perth, . were extremely popular with Perth audiences, are expected to arrive here shortly to play in pantomime. A Melbourne paper writes: It is whis pered that we may not see much more of popular Lord and Lady Stradbroke, be eause they may not return from the trip they contemplate . in March. There have been such conflicting stories in the papers -^first that the trip was to be a private one, then that it was an official one, and that Lord Stradbroke was to assist Mr. Lawson in his mission Home. One .thing is sure, however, that the whole Vice-Regal household is going. Mrs. Eosenstamm and her two daughters, Betty and June, leave for Melbourne by the'' Great' Western express on. Saturday evening. Mrs. Rosenstamm is taking the girls, back to school, and expects to be. aw; ay about six. weeks. . ... ?,.... Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Downing with their .family motored back to South Perth from Albany last evening. Dame Nellie Melb'a has done a good deal ! of entertaining since her return to London.'. Lady Alington is a lifelong friend of the great singer, and she has' given one or two dinners lately in her honor at her house in Portman-square. ?-. . . Miss Helen Allen, the youngest daugh ter of Mrs. E. I\ £lleni ; of Melbourne, bet ter known as '£ Vesta,' '?of the 'Argus,'' shows 'signs of following1 in her mother's footsteps.-' -Although.1' still -at school; she has had a poem printed in. the 'Austra- lasian.'- ..?..:;..: . .. ...-. The Right Hon.- J. H. Whitley, Speaker of the House of Commons and Chairman: of the. Whitley Commission, whose find ings are putting- English industries in an increasingly happier position, as it secures a closer co-operation between employe and employer, is a prominent member of the Congregational Church in the Old Coun try, and a Sunday-school teacher. Adjutant Eadson, from the Salvation Army Headquarters, London, arrived in Perth this morning from the Eastern States by the trans, train. The adjutant conducted a party of immigrants from the Old Country a few weeks ago, and is now returning home. During the next few days she will be visiting the various group set tlements in order to obtain first-hand in formation to report to the Salvation Army authorities in London. Major M'Clure will be accompanying the adjutant. Major M'Clure, of the Salvation Army Headquarters, W.A., has received a wire stating that his brother, Com. J. Me Clure, and his wife and two children have met with a very serious accident, the result of a motor collision. The wire states that the commandant was severely and his wife and children seriously injured, and it is re ported that the commandant is in a criti cal condition. Commandant M'Clure is well known throughout Western Australia, having been stationed in various centres for a number of years. 