SYDNEY WEEK BY WEEK FH01I OUK SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. .Good morning, Adelaide! I'-m only just awake, but the first thing! I remembered was that I saw a Sydney society girl kissing her dog yesterday iu her motor car that was lined up outside one of our swaggerist stores. (Swaggerist is a good word, isn't it? I thought per haps you hadn't noticed it.) What struck' me as being so funny (about the girl and the dog, I mean) was that the dog imme diately cleaned his face on the rug and then sneezed violently, which, in dog language, meant, 'Please don't kiss me any more; I don't like it!' ? ? ? Such lots of prominent Sydneyites have gone over to Melbourne, and many of them were present at the ball giveu by the Governor and Lady Stradbroke at Ston nington, and which gave their Excellen cies an opportunity to say crqod-bye before their . departure from Victoria. Miss Janet Knox was. among the gussts, and wore a unique gown oi dull steel beads, flounced with iringes of the same, and Mrs; Kenneth Richards draped her-' self in bronze and dull gold embroideries; Mrs. Anthony Hordern wore 'pink and gold brocade, and Miss Kathleen Osborne was a striking figure in flame marocain embroidered in gold and wearing a dia-f mente tiara, so' I'm told. ? { * M. L We've got a sketchist in Sydney in the shape of Mr. Paddy Saunders. Lightning sketchists appear to be becoming a craze in vaudeville shows just now. On an 'ave- rage the artists are serious people who believe that they are performing a solemn duty, such as a dentist or a butcher, and at the best their turns are only bearable as incidental items ' in' a well-diversified shj-w. But Paddy Saunders' way of doing things can be recommended to other sket chists whose apt work with the chalks doesn't compensate for the dullness of a religious silence or a few dry-as-dust jokes while t.hey are putting it over. I kept wide awake all the time, which inspired Mamma to remark .that it ,was the best turn we had seen for some time past! Arrived in Sydney; recently Mrs. Dora Montefiore, whose interest in this city dates 'way back many years. When' a girl she came to Sydney on a visit to her brother, Mr. Frank Fuller, whose death occurred a short- time ago. She married and settled in Sydney, and her children were born here. Later she returned to live in England. Her nresent visit is a sad one, as she has come to see the Tridow and the children of her son who died from the effects of the war. Mrs. Montefiore, who is a writer, and has pub]ish'ed:a volume of poems, was the first to start the suffrage movement with Miss Rose Scott. She has Jectured on women's movements in America, South Africa, and many parts of Europe. Mrs. Montefiore went to Finland to see. how the. women obtained the vote there, and found they had worked very hard to place women in Parliament. She says she is surprised to 6ee that Australia has done so little with the women's vote. 'Women are needed in Parliament,' Mrs. Monte fiore says, 'particularly with regard to the immigration question, and it is_ women's information and advice that the overseas woman needs before coming to a strange country.' ' ? Mrs. Maclurcan, of the Wentworth Hotel, Sydney, returned from America this week. She says that she and her daughter (Mrs. Spencer Watts) had a glorious time hunting for novelties to bring back for the Wentworth. She has gathered up a lot of ideas that she intends using for the comfort and entertainment of guests. She also says that American clothes are much dearer than ours; so, my dear, methinks you and I had better stay in Aussie. ? ? ? Some exquisite needlework, including de licate lace d'oyleys and other beautiful speciments of handwork, has been received by the committee of the Lord Mayor's Armenian Relief Fund. It is the work of little Armenian children belonging to the Australian Orphanage ai Beirut, where so much philanthropic* work is being car ried on by an energetic band of workers. Sydney is becoming so truly democratic, my dear. Why, the enjoyments of life are now so evenly distributed that, by going to Kosciusko the rich can have ice in the summer, and the poor can stay at home and have it in the winter! Last night Mrs. T.*H. Kelly entertained a party on board the Romantic, ''and was assisted by her daughter Beatrice. Dancing was enjoyed under delightful conditions, as the ferry ballroom has become one of the features of Sydney's social life, and the management are devising new luxuries eyjery week. Mrs. Lassetter, wifeof Brig.-Gen. H. B Lassetter, C.B., C.M.G., who has recently returned from a visit, to' England and the Continent, was entertained with her hus band by the staff of Lassetter's; Ltd. ?During her visit abroad her sori Frederick who is practising at the Bar, married Miss Kilgour, daughter of the late' Col. Kilgour There is now a little grandson, Matthew —the eighth Matthey lassetter. Shey are Imng at Etoa1 Terrace, London. Mter he: son s marriage Mrs. Lassetter and%er hus band left on a motor .tourvof the Con tinent, and stayed three months in P^ris. At present they are domiciled at the Hotel Pacific, Manly Sir Harry Lauder,* with Lady .Lander, arrived this week by the Sonoma, and was much photographed, of courseTlln reply to someone who remarked onfthe style of pipe he was- smoking, he said he used a lonf -stemmed pipe because he liked to have a long ;smoke. He also said:— 'Yes- terday, when I was at; sea, ;the scent of your beautiful eucalyptus', trees. came to me on the breeze, and as I looked at the beautiful golden sunset, I knew that I was nearing Australia.'' ' .? ' ':] +' Evidently Sir Harry was anxious to get in early and make his marble good! A well-known society woman, who re cently dined at a fashionable seaside hotel with a friend, strolled into the picture, show ^fter dinner with her attendant swain. 'She -was handsomely gowned, and, being la|e, attracted much attention. Every. s»t was .occupied. .The manager, on seeing the smart visitor, came promptly forward, and seeing their dilemna said: ? 'I will see if I can get you a box.' The late-comers were delighted, and preened their feathers fen receiving such attention. Imagine their horror on seeing the mana ger approaching with a large soapbox in his hand — he intended them to sit on it! Mr. and Mrs. 'Possum, have come to Sydney. Why shouldn't they, anyway? Country people, will soon have to come to Sydney to see the Australian 'possum in his wild state. More wild 'possums can be seen any evening in the harbour suburbs of Mosttan. Neutral Bay, and Cremorne than a visitor to some- out-back places would see in a month* There are two varieties — the large bushy-tailed prey and the little ring-tailed' 'possum.. Some of them have become so tame that thev will accept tit-bits out of one's hand. J love all little furred and feathered things, don't you ? . . ? ? ? There are things we . forget, such as umbrellas and the posting of letters, but seems as if the whole world remembered the 60th anniversary of the entry of toe Danish Princess (the fiancee of the late Edward III.) on March 10. -jueen Alex andra was a great patroness of good music, and her personal 'friendship with the late Sir Arthur Sullivan, Tosti, Madame AI bani, and Sir Walter Parratt was Onever broken. The latter was organist sat the Royal Chapel at Windsor; previously being organist at the ancient Parish Church of Wigan, in Lancashire — a church 'famous for its old organ and splendid choir. It was as a member of Sir. Walter's Philharmonic .Society that Wamtna, when she was a little girl like me (only much gooder, an' nicer, an' cleverer, an' prettier an everything), had the wonderful musi cal training that makes it possible for her to stand at the end of a drawing room and name any note struck on a piano — not so easy as you'd think— just try it for yourself. ? * ? » Among the smart frockers and the good lookers in the Winter Garden of the Hotel Australia this week was Mrs. Harry dough, one of Sydney's most beautfhd girls. Two limpid velvet-brown ' eyes, a mass of curls en bob, an oval face with a mouth like the petals of a flower, and there you have Her. Next, please. A gentleman this time. Mr. W. H. Robertson, the popular manager, of the Q Jf. Bank, Rockhampton, who has been holidaying m Tasmania on well-earned, leave, arrived by the Cooma, and is staying at the Hotel Metropole while in Sydney. *- ? * . Mrs. F. Paul gave a bright tea party in the Jacobean room at The Rendez vous to announce the engagement of her daughter, Miss L. Paul, to Mr. Celeste Douzaus. The tables were a riot of p*ale pink flowers snuggled away in gold tissue, while the 'place cards of quaint upright figures carrying sweets were' quite an in novation. Everyone said nice things to everyone else, and made you quite pleased with yourself and iust lon'ine to say some thing nicer in return. Everyone felt a little confused and swelled-headed . after wards; but,, of course, that was due to the scent of the tea and flowers and cigarettes —yes, no? ^^ * ?? ? Ever since Easter was, the farmer has come to Sydney for the show. His banker may scowl and .utter stern woras to dis suade him from other little frivolous jaunts to the city, but -'all the powers that be cannot prevent his coming for Easter. This year the bookings at the hotels is exceptionally heavy. Some of the fitst class houses— 'first-class' meaning ante those that charge the highest tariffs^ nounce .that booking for Easter is closed now, and the less- pretentious hotels report a similar stfte of affairs. * * * i But for the shyness of the rain the year evidently has not been such a bad one for the farmer. The prices of wool have held firmly. Only the cattlemen have long faces, and for them- the ? outlook is indeed black. By and by the cattlemen will be supplanted by the 'cow cookie,'' of whom just a little has been heard lately, and then progress in the country will rush ahead; but in the meantime things cannot be as bad as they are painted, if the rush of visitors to Sydney for Easter can be taken as any sort of guide. ? , ? . «» ? ? Mamma say6 she always remembers (funny how Mammas are always remem-- berinjj things) when not so long ago the man from the country could afford to come down with his family for frequent and extended visits. Often there was a new car to be bought, and the womenfolk in dulged in a large-fiized shopping spree; but the^e good days, which were really bad days for the country Papas, have passed. Now Ermyntrude and Algernon get a frock and a .suit apiece, and there is none of the old lavish spending. And talking 'bout clothes. The first thing- one notices in the newest dresses of both Parisian and American origin is the complication of cut hidden under extreme simplicity; but then we girls are like that, .and that's why poor mere man never understands what he is paying for when the bill comes in. I often wonder myself— not that I'd ever let my husband know it — I mean if I had a husband. ? ? *' A New South Wales clergyman has abo lished the collection plate and instituted in its place the system of contributions in sealed envelopes. Xo doubt the inno vation will suit those who want to save money as well as their souls, for a big envelope will look like a big contribution, won't it? ? ' ? ? The Sydney Council accuses one of its alderman of Saving too much to say, but little me thinks what 4bey really mean is that he has nothing to say »tH wastes too much time in saying it! The other day a human arm was dis covered near the Ryde Wharf, Sydney, and tie police are searching for the owner, but the person who left it lying care lessly about hasn't claimed it yet. Lrriife near 'Sydney is a family whose historjr forms a link with the' tragic aid ing of the great French navigator. La Perouse, Mrs. J.'N. DIHon, of Sans Bond, Sydney, is married to the grandson of Capt. Dillon, who found the relics of La Perouse at Vani-Koro, and for which he received' a decoration. The family stilt' has the Cross of the Legion of Honour, awarded by the French Government to the intrepid captain... :. To Miss Windeyer falls. the distinction of being Sydney's first lady car seller and demonstrator for Dalgefcy's. She specia lises in a small hooded -car specially de signed ior women and known as the Essex Coach. She. gathered her experience' on 'shell- torn roads, in France during the 'war, and what she doesn't know about car manipulation ' isn't' worth knowing.. She is an expert mechanic, and can tackle repairs, car-washing and overhauling, and the usual tinkering that goes on. mys teriously underneath them. She has a «rofling face, bronzed h*'^', and a quick brain, and demonstrating and salesmanship are her vocation. Gentlemen, 'The ladies!'' The Wadham Art Gallery of famous historic pictures at Pomeroy House, city, is attracting big crowds of beauty lovers. Among the collection are paintings and drawings from the collection of H.I.M. the late Empress Eugenie, Sir James D. Linton, Lady Waterlow, and the trustees of the late Birket Foster. There are superb examples in oil colour by the most distinguished masters of modern times— Lord Leighton, P.R.A., Sir John Millais, P.R.A., Sir Augustus W. Callcott, R.A., and other illustrious artists. In the water colour section are examples of English and Venetian pastoral scenes by the inimitable Birket Foster. The gallery is a reposeful spot in the midst of city life that goes hurtling past it— art and life are ever thus. The combined brains of two professors have discovered that an Australian woman has £0,000 more hairs on her head than an Australian man. By this beautiful provision of - Nature, man is always as-' eured oi a hairpin for Waning jjjs pipe. 