[?] -±- (Conducted by Mrs. E. M. Irvine.) — The Country Woman Her Interests and Association MOTTO I- ; Loyalty te the Threoe, Strviw t* tfw Cfftotry thraugb Gauntry/ Wtewft, '.nr Country Women, By Gauntry .wmm, (Send us your views— we will give you ours. — Ed.) . T&© World Goes Round The Anniversary Regatta is upon us \- again, and the day celebrated 00 Jan. :. 26th has a very special significance to us all. It brings home to us, for . ; on* thing, how very young we -are, but with this comes a thrill of. pride that we are, for our age, so well grown. I never see ' the bay white with sail, and the big Flagship aflame with bunting, but my thoughts go back to a, story or my grandfather's of the day -he landed the first free immi grants in Farm Cove, when the Har bour, in all its native beauty, sparkled under a sun, and rippled unler a breeze from the cool south', that may 'well have ' convinced those early settlers that they had indeed found an earthly paradiss. .The .Anniversary Meeting of the A.J.C. on Saturday, 90th, was well attended, and quit* a number of conn try women were present. -The day W40 hot and resulted in a show of pretty summer clothes, in which geor gette (cotton and silk), fuji silk, and soft summer muslins, held pride of place. Hats were of the large shady variety, and others entirely of out ribbon proved very becoming to young fooes. .The most important feature, however, was the length of the skirts. No longer are we permitted to see a wealth of stocking, however charming ly shaped the legs that supports them, and tio really smart woman now-a-dayB is seen with her skirts above herankles, And it has to be admitted that except in the case of young girls who, I ixoaein* will «till cling to the skirt of ' brief length, the effect upon the older ' women is a great improvement, for few ~ ejtJveJWfes mmteicsny AMtenos: toodig :'~ ?4|fc$NJttik-W!Ar^j^4MdTea^nofi&-tJ!ie flsjb'|g|yTiTit?uP the older wojntjnjniore' dreat'nas vanished, and' there is now a , dispensation for simple drapmgs, and a general shape -which has been lacking for some time. Grey and brown were almost universtUy worn, even more than in the spring, and the long .flowing veils are also a thing of the past. Tfa* week coming is being made historic 'by a public meeting to dis cuss the possibility of bringing on in creased number of domestic workers from Great Britain, and the energetics promoter of 'this latest -scheme, Mrs. Macdonald, would like to see as many country women at' the Town Hall next Tuesday afternoon as possible, to dis cuss -th* matter. Her general proposal seems to be that she shall proceed home and select the girlB herself, giving par ticular attention to t3*» type of g*ne ral workers who would be most likely to be a real help in an Australian 'country home. .Already she has ask ed * number of women to assist her in ' the discussion, which will follow, and has asked me to issue this invitation to country women who may be in town to b» tfatte, as well as many town mis traana as are interested in this most ?yawing problem. A very important step has just been taken by the President of the United State' in tlbe matter of the nation ality of married women. He has sign ed the n*w Act by which an American woman is still an American citizen and can claim the protection of the Ame rican Flag, even though she be mar ried to an English, French or German, or husband of another country. It also pi exhibits any woman from becom ing an American citizen merely by marrying an American man. She must, if she wishes to become an Ame rican, take out naturalisation papers in just the same way as a man has to do.' Why, one wonders, is Australia, and Britain in general, so far behind thiB most just and humane laws? Think what British, women might have been eaved during the war, had this been law, and how many unofficial spies we might have routed out who, as it was worked in security under the cloak of an often loyal British husband's name. British women should rise up as one, and demand the same right to live and continue as subjects of King George, whomever they marry. It is time that women were treated by law as individuals, and no longer as 'chat- tels.' (Most offensive of words). Mrs. T. H. Kelly, that wonderfully energetic woman, is to appear in com pany with the Danish Consul, M. Segeart, in the play, 'Blue Beard's Eighth Wife.'. The play, which will be given in French, by the French circle, should be a real treat, as' both, these gifted people never do anything without doing it well. Mrs. Shepherd Laidley, one of our foremost Red Cross workers, was at home last week to a number of friends to meet her daughter, Mrs. M'Intosh, who, with her naval husband, has just arrived in Sydney from New Zealand. Miss Helen . Laidley was assisting her aunt, and among those present were a number of girls just back from the Bong Bongo iRiaeeB*.1 -???: ..iG/iinij.-.^ri enoJ; gaiari :-mv Wtlv ??.? truiVit: ..r.ij; ??'Jii'dge Blair'1 -and::'Mrs; -felittrV '-'of QUeenalahd/v -who uhave ; 'been* -?aptemivng the lafr&vfecatidn; ^ra^leftijf&fcqRoeki; ?hamptenstins wieeh? land' bo- did v*f 'num- ber of legal folk from the north'. Mrs. Mat. Sawyer is in town, and also Mrs. Holcombe, from Cryon, and Mrs. SaunderB from Binya. Mrs. Stephen Laver was in town for Thursday, Fri day and Saturday of last week. 