:r, BUBAJ, TOPICS. Moderate to heavy falls of rain -were experienced• in Victorial at tfie. week- end, and these have made the situation fairly safe as far as vegetation is Concerned. No tank-filling rains have yet fallen.'. The Malice averaged under half, ah inch, but the Wekorn district and ;Wijnniera re gistered from three- quarters,"of- an incli to over an.inch. This will keep the grass germinate^ by previous rains on the move, and cultivation work will be pushed on. Heavy rain fell on the West Coast of Tasmania, and fair amounts were received elsewhere 111 that State. jln South Aus tralia tli£. agricultural a reds benefited," as did also the' south-east of New South Wales. In the Melville, Glcndinning, Fnglefield, and Kongbool estates, which have been ac quired in the Western distinct,'20 blocks reserved for district settlers will be sub nutted by a land board to be held at Hamil ton on June 6, and the blocks apportioned to overseas settlers will be"offered' on the following, jdav at the same ,to\vp,^. j^Lub tralian Farms Ltd. is exercising supervision over overseas settlers for a periodi of throe years utftfcr the terms of tUc amending Closer Settlement Act, passed last session. A large portion of tlie area reserved for overseas settlers will be allotted to Indian officers under the arrangement made last year with the Indian Government by Mr. Currie, acting for the Victorian Ministry. Town and country buyers competed j keenly for fat cattle at Flemington on May 16\. As sales progressed a pronounced advance took place, especially in best descriptions, prices generally improving from £3 to £5 per bead. The excellent average of £27/10/ was obtained for 32 Shorthorn bullocks bred and fattened by Messrs'. Boyd Bros., Tarroue Estate, Koroit. Excellent butter-fat tests were given by cows id tlite Jersey holm herd of-Mr. Trevor Harve.v, of Boisdalc (V.), under the official herd-testing scheme. The following are some of the tests:—Lady Marge, 7.71 per cent.; Sparkle 2nd, 7.11 per cent.; Empress,. 6.92 per cent.; Bluebell, 0.47 per cent.; Graceful Countess of Lesterfield, 6.44 peri cent. j "Vol. IX. of the Jersey Stud Book of Aus-i tralasia" has been issued, and contains full: particulars of the rules and regulations of the branch: (societies in each State, with a list of members. This latest volume lias particulars of-the.breeding of bulls num bered from 1,835 to 2,373, and of cows from 7,563 to 10,126. ' A list of awards at the State Royal shows for 1921 and 1922 is also included. The publicity* agent of the Eriesian Cattle j Club of Australia furnishes some figures showing the average production of New Zealand J'riesians since official herd-testing1 was commenced in 1913. Iu that year 48 certificates were granted for an average lactation period of 329 days, with 10,8381b. milk, 3971b. fat. In 1917 the certificates numbered 70 for 340 days, 12,903/b. milk, 4521b. fat. During last year 168 cows gained certificates with an average of 345 days' lactation, 13,4991b. milk, 4681b. fat. A total of 879 certificates have been issued iu the 10 years, with an average lactation period of 341. days, 12,8301b. milk being the average production, the average test being 3.55, equivalent to 4551b. butter fat. One of the most important resolutions passed at the New South Wales Pastures Protection Board's convention was that the branding of cattle on the thigh, as provided for in the Registration of Stock and Brands Act 1921, was unsuit able, and that the old order of branding was preferable, and should be reverted to. At the close of the convention a deputa tion presented the resolutions passed to the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Chaffey). Particular attention was directed to the need for the destruction of rabbits on re serves by the Forestry department and on railway lands by the Railways Com missioners. Mr. Chaffey said that there was no power at present to prosecute Crown authorities for the uon-desiruc tion of rabbits, but a clause had been drafted which it was considered would meet the case. Now that the immigration policy has been effectively launched, no time is to lie lost in making available in Victoria new areas for settlement. After a consultatjpn with the director of land settlement (Mr. Mclver), the Miuister for Lands (Mr.] Oman), who has assumed charge of immi gration matters, announced on May 18] that -the Ministry has decided to | make available 140 blocks of "green'1 Mallee country along the Redcliffs Varly's 'lank railway. None of the blocks will be more than seven miles from a railway station. In some cases, however, the only water available at pre sent will be from the railway line. In other places the Water Commission lias been/able: to fill some of the large tanks already in this area." Applications for the bloeks'will be' received lip till June 30." Fur ther particulars will be advertised. Measurements taken by the Water Com mission indicate that tlie flow in tlie River Murray, is now somewhat improved. The chairman (Mr. Cattauach) announced on Saturday that the flow at Torrumbarry, which was only 700 acre feet a fortnight ago,- has increased to ],0p0 acre feet. -This increase,- thougb|3niall,.wiH enabje a ntim $4r of pumpers t<i obtain a belated, though limited, supply, 'arid the" commission, in conjunction with 'the1 New South Wales authorities, has arranged to telax slightly the restrictions that were necessary in re gard^ to ^ diversions. Mr. Cattajiaeh added ', that j jibe . Murray , works under the control of the commissi on were ■ progdessihg Satisfactorily;.* At1 ihe Hume reservoir 340 -men .wereomploye^l,; and the' eiiibahidnciit Vas ass'uhiirig shripe.' At ^oiypmb^ryy fjijishi.ng, tqufiji^s . tvcjift being added to' the lock nnii weir. More Iliad flOpupicn Were still employed; thqnv. and with a few weeks of low letel' rivei! the work should be so well advanced as to make it secure from any future river flow. At Sugarloaf reservoir nearly 400 j men were employed, and the work was progressing rapidly. Every effort was to be made to make this storage of furtlier use, and it would be one of the great; governing features of the Goulburn sys- j tem. Ingleby Estate, 4,150 acres, near Winchel-I sea, has been sold by Mr. P. II. Lock to | Mr. W. O. Read, of Colac. This properly was in the Annytagc family for a great number of years. The present sale includes all sheep, cattle, and plant. This estate has been known as one of the best fattening and woolgrowing properties in the Western district. Recently an order for 500 tons of pota toes for shipment in cases to Manila was| received by Messrs! Maine Bros., of Mel bourne. Additional business for the same | destination has been received by Messrs. Shea, Hood, apd Co., of Melbourne, who arc to ship 250 tons. Most of the business in potatoes for Manila goes to America and Japan, and the news that Australia is now sharing in this trade will be wel comed by growers in Victoria. The British Minister for Agriculture in New tSouth Wales (Mr. Ghafley), Dr. Klwood Mend, and Commissioners Pare nnd Evatt, of the New South Wales Water Commission, visited Echuca on May 19, en route for Wamboola, Thule, and other portions of the Southern Riverina which may possibly be given irrigation' benefits. Several landowners in the Wambootu dis trict interviewed Mr. Chaffey, wlio pro mised to inspect a large area of exception ally fertile country which it is thought can be supplied with water from the Murray River when the Torrumharry lock is com pleted, and the height of the river thus considerably raised. The milk records of the English Guernsey Cat tle Society have just been issued. At j the head of the list of both milk and but ter produced is Mr. A. C. Harris's Pouning ton Goodness 7tli, which gave 11,7991b. of milk in a lactation period of 50.5 weeks, with a butter yield of 6G3.11b. Second for butter yield l's the same owner's Donning-1 ton Eva 2nd, with 007.51b. for 49 weeks' j lactation. This animal occupies third place for milk yield, with 10,7351b. Second for milk yield and fourth for butter produced j is Sir. P. C. Ifaldemau's Douuiugton Iloncy-j moon, which, in 44 weeks, gave 11,0351b. of | milk, producing 572.711). of butter. The results of the further conference he- ] tween representatives of the bacon factory section of the Meat Industry Employees' I Union and the Bacon Carers' Association, | held on May 18, were communicated to < he men at the general meeting held at the | Trades Hall on Sunday afternoon. Hiv ing rejected the first offer from the employers, the delegates of the employees obtaiued a second proposal, which included 5/ a week increase in the wages to eellar meii and 2/6 a week increase to all other sections. The men were advised to accept this offer, and the meeting on Sunday afternoon agreed to & motion adopting this recommendation. A meeting of the central council of the I Victorian Fanners* Union , Was held last | week. It was agreed that the Closer Settlement. Board, through Parliamentary I representatives, should be asked to make land available promptly, in areas where it was desired by residents near by. j It was agreed to advocate the retention of the present rates of postage, provided that an amount equal to the profits made by the service was appropriated for the extension of postal, telegraphic, and telephone facili ties in the country. The council expressed its strong disapproval of the determination of the Railways Commissioners to raise the minimum truck load to 15 tons. It was | agreed tliat the members of the Country party be asked to consider the matter, and, i if necessary, move, llie adjournment of the House on itsmcetiug, with a view to having f lie matter ventilated. The council pledged | itself not to allow the subject to drop until the old system is reverted to. Speaking at a meeting of the State conn-1 cil of the New Settlers' League on May .16, during a discussion on share farming, Senator Guthrie said that grave mistakes wire being made in the intro duction of some settlers. There was a pro ject to. settle aboU(/25 Danish fatnilips in the. Gtjjjpsland hill; country, and Capt$iip Lyng, of the Danish Piodpce^s* Qbutici], had' gone to Denmark, r whine lie was to select suitable dairy farmers with an aver age capital of £400. It wis proposed *tol settle th(£c unfortunate t people, on laud which tljc original settlers on the area had jeft in3 despair, and it would * bp' impos sible tp. drive any of them hack to \i, Juj thC^eitsirciimstances it was tragic to think $f wlialt" lav in front'of the Danish settlers Titer* bound to fail. It was jlecidfca ; to send . circulars to about l,(ib5 landiiofcfers in "Victoria i-egar'ding ilic' t>o?ai^ilit««8 | of i sliwifarniing^. Senator. Gdthtte 'Said t that i.tlio 'vast* ibajovrty .<of< share-farmers witli whom he had" conic in and -the outlook liad greatly improved. Splendid rains had fallen in the Mackay, Buudaberg, and Maryborough districts, and encouraged growers, but the crop in these parts will be decidedly short. The first specimen of the Dhroc-Jersey breed of pigs to roach Victoria arrived in Melbourne last week from Brisbane, to the order of Captain Hildyard, of Cliatswortfc Park, 1 ah ilk. 1 he breed is very popular in the Tjnitcd States of America. The West Australian Government, in spite of strong protests from the cutters and others, called fur tenders for the sole right to cut and export sandalwood luider certain conditions. The Cabinet has since considered the tenders received, aud de cided to defer acceptance of any of tliefn until after a conference with the present licensed sandahvood-cutters. * 1 In reply to a deputation of cotton growers at Darwin the Minister for Home and Territories (Senator Pearce) said that preparations were in hand to pass a bill granting freehold to farmers. . He had al ready made arraiigerr.iiits to build a cotton ginning plant at Darwin. The pr ice of cot jton was guaranteed for three years, and settlers probably would he allowed ad vances of a certain percentage on improve ments made on the farms. There were (000,000 acreB of lanil available for selee , lltn. J On lire recommendation of the Minister" for Works and Railways (Mr. Stewart), the Federal Cabinet has agreed to dispose of 1 he greater portion of the timber areas | and mills owned by the War Service. , Koines Commission in Queensland. -"Mr. Stewart recently inspected the properties, j aud, at present, the members of the ■Federal Public Accounts Committee are investigating the transactions of the com mission in that Slate, Excepting to say that "the greater portion" would be offered for sale, the Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce), who announced the Ministry's decision on May 17, would not make any further statement. As soon as tile details can he prepared, advertisements inviting tenders for the sale of the areas will be published. To demonstrate the efficiency of thc^fgrm tractor, a 24-hour seeding and cultivating test was recently given on the farm of Messrs. Carter Brothers, near Jamestown, South Australia. A 9ft. Cin. Combine-drill was used, and no attempt was made to coyer a record acreage. The tractor, which wai of a well- known make, commenced opera tions at midday, and was worked at a speed of three acres per hour until the same lime on the next day. Harrows were then attached, and it continued work for another, five hours, covering an additional 15 acres. The trial was a great success, and tlie ■slectriv light, front and rear, fitted to the. tractor enabled Hie work of driving and filling to be done equally as well by night as by- day, thus proving that by the use of a tractor advantages may be taken of weather conditions, which cannot possiblv be uone with horses. The actual cost of kerosene worked out at about I Id. per acre lor seeding and cultivating. - ' In the opinion of (lie Commonwealth senior butter-grader (Mr. P. J. Carroll) "ho acted as judge in the butter compel tion held j„ Melbourne last week, the ex hibits reflected great credit on those responsible for the manufacture of the butter The results illustrated what ii possible if proper eare is taken to produce butter of high standard in Victoria. Of bnv 1 mXfS ox,,ibita1' '"ore than one box could be regarded as below first-grade standard The manufacture, *42 and dmy Mr. Carroll asserts, W«TC«!£ lent, and these essentials, together with the superior quality of the butter^ were brought under the notice of the factory managers in conference. Much benefit should result to the industry from com petitions of the kind. Another important matter uas the grading competition among factory managers. By this means, those concerned were better able, to givisp the standards upon which butter is graded for export, and, therefore, were in a position to bung the methods employed to attain this end into force in their factories. Tho Governor of Victoria (the Karl of Mudbroke) has informed the Australian lress Association, that he made inquiries aV Colombo and Bombay regarding the conditions of Australian trade. What lie had seen ami heard liad convinced him that Australia must make great efforts in order to rotam her custom. Australians must not be content to think that tho buyers would be satisfied with ordinary goods, -the goods must always be up to the best sample. He was afraid that this was not always the case. Lord Stradhroke added thrt, "as far as he /lould.sec. Australia at preset was receiving alt the emigrants sue could adequately absorb. lie had been much impressed by the desire of young men of Australia to improve their ■ positions. He co- sidcr d them sludioug ami ambitious. contact had "made good,' and many of them had acquired the farms which they first worked on shares. He believed that the information they would receive from the landholders would surprise them. They would obtain sufficient land without buying it to settle all uewcoiueis. The Collynic Shorthorn herd, which it was feared would be dispersed on the death of Mr. William Diitbic, will be carried on, it is reported, by Mr. J. Dutliic Websiei, a nephew of the deceased breeder. Mr. Webster has been breeding Shorthorns at| Tarvis, close to Collynic. The dispersal sale of Sir Charles Mark ham's (I)erbv, ling.) Friesian herd gave an average of £185/8/ for 54 head. The cham pion cow, Hedges Dutch Stately, made 050 guineas. She is by Hedges Fokke, and pro duced 10,3581b. milk with her first calf. Clmddesley Peggy, who gave 17,2771b. milk with her first calf, reached 070 guineas. The highest price was 710'guineas, paid for Sud | bourne Daphne, by Terling Vic Bcrlus. Heather 2nd of Hillcrest, an lllawarra milking shorthorn heifer, the property of. Mr. A. 0. Payne, Chatsworth, Gyinpie (Q.), has completed her 273 days test with a yield of I2,903ilb.: milk and 40911). butter) fat. Heather 2nd was two years eight j mouths old at the beginning of her test,; and now holds tlui Queensland record for j I.M.S. cow two years and under three1 years of age. She was bred by Mr. J. L. I Noble, Kiama, and is by Jellicoe, ex Kate | of Hillcrest. Jellicoe is by Pussy's Lad of j Mayficld, ex Mermaid of Glonthorii. Advice lias been received by the director | of Agriculture (Dr. Cameron) from the \ manager of the State beet sugar factory at j MafTra (Mr. Williams) that there is a prospect of a record output i>f beet sugai this season'. Since the factory resuuicd operations after haviug been closed owing to dry weather, sugar has been manufac tured at a satisfactory rate. With the additional water supply, operations have been expedited with such success that last week the factory established a record for beet sliced and sugar manufactured. This season 8,000 tons of beet liuve been treated for more than 1,000 tons of sugar in bags. This is estimated to be less than one-half of the season's crop. Information has readied the Minister for Customs (Mr. Chapman), from the Australian trade commissioner in the Fast, that a new cold storage works is to be established at Singapore. A plant capable of treating 20,000 cattle is to be installed, with a freezing block of 3,000 tons capacity. To meet Eastern requirements, application will be made to the Commonwealth to per mit Mohammedan butehers to enter Aus tralia for limited periods to slaughter cattle for that particular phase of Eastern trade. A representative of the new company j is reported to have informed the depart ment that the policy will be to keep selling prices at a level which will not hinder free sales. This procedure would be the opposite of the existing practice at Singa pore, which has been of little service to Australian producers. I" After the meeting of the Stale Cabinet on May 15, the Minister for Immigration (Mr. Oman) announced that the Premier (Mr Lau'son) had been informed that the Cabinet bad decided to accept the offer Of the Imperial authorities to vary the immigration agreement, and the concur rence of the Commonwealth would now have to be obtained. Mr. Oman an nounced that Mr. K. T Wyatt, a second-class officer in the Lands department, bad been chosen as represen tative in London to scrutinise the quali fications of prospective land settlers for Victoria. As Mr. Wyatt will be attached to the Commonwealth staff, the appoint-, ment will be submitted to the Prime Minis ter for approval. Mr. Oman said that Mr. Wyatt had had a wide and varied country experience in ^ ictoria. Except in the more tropical regions, it is feared in Queensland that the rains ex perienced there last month were too late to be of much assistance to the 1923 sugar cane crop. Still, they will greatly enhance the prospects of the 1924 crop, for which onlv a few weeks ago drought conditions caused much misgiving. The "Australian Sugar Journal" says that reports of the fav northern crops on the whole were satis factory. Cane in the Cairns district was .responding well to the showery weather ex perienced during.thc month, and very little (damage had been done.by grubs-tins-sea son. On. the other band, serious losses were resulting from destruction by walla Libs, and steps were being taken at Cairns for their eradication. Crushing will he general before the end of June, and it is .expected that the outpdt of sugar m that sdistxicTpiU be fairly mod. Prospects at Mourilvan were excellent, and a record wop is possible. ' Rains,. followed -by hot weather, bad assisted growth of the cane in the Herbert River district, but the crops there More backward owing to the drought in the earlier moutlis. In the Proserpine district rains had been palcliy, but on the. whole, the eaneficlds had benefited large 1>, 