AUSTRALIA'S BUTTER TRADE. ... * PROSPECTS OF BRITISH MARKET. MR MEARES OPTIMISTIC. "It If, gallium,'' saiS' Mr. C. E. D. Meares at • the "meeting of til* Coastal Farmers' .Co-operative .Society, .Ltd, "to see buyers in London secure lots of ! Australian' butter, take it away, and blend it -with larger quantities of Con tinental butters. "But once the people of England be gan to eat the standardised butter that Australia can send, they -will effectively shut out all- blending and margarine, That is something you can anticipate in the future." To show how Australian butter is gaining in favour, Mr. Meares quoted one London trader, who declared that although some people preferred Danish butter, his firm handled only Australian and New- Zealand butter, and found it the best butter in the world. Optimism concerning the future of the dairying lnd,ustrv in Australia formed the keynote of on interesting address bv Mr. C. E. J). Meares, general manager of the C.F.S., at the annual meeting of sharehold ers of the eonrpany held- at -.the Richmond I-Iall, Lismore, yesterday. ■# The acting chairman" - (Mr.U; M. Dowle), in introducing Sir. Meares, referred to the fact; that the Federal and State Governments had paid, him the distinct honour of des patching ^him ou an important mission to Griejit. Britain to investigate trading pros pects,, Thp board at tiic time conUl ill afford to snare Mr. Meares for this work, hut know ing ;that his careful training and intimate knowledge, of Australian conditions would enable him to take up the work successful ly, the" board had gladly consented, and per sonally he (Mr.. Dowle) - was glad it had done so. The State Premier, Sir George Fuller, in alluding to the appointment, had stated publicly, that, lie considered there was no man in the State better, qualified to 'fill the position than .Mr. Meares. Thepossibilities of the Empire Exhibi-i tion and. trade development were great, and the immigration scheme to be put into oper ation at an early date was fraught with sueli importance to them and the knowledge possessed by Mr. Meares had served him to great purpose. FUTURE OF DAIRYING. Mr. Meares prefaced his speech by re marking that at -every meeting of the com pany prior to-the war, and at every meeting since, there were some good people they met with ■ who were quite pessimistic with regard to the future of the dairying indus-' try. These people had predicted dire dis aster. They affirmed that Australia and the world was over-producing, and that other countries were going to swamp London with butter.' It seemed to him that he could with ad vantage that day review very briefly the position of the world with regard to dairy ing, and see exactly what strength there was in this pessimism. In the first place, i less than a decade ago Great Britain was drawing the bulk' of its supplies from tlis countries north of the Line. The position to-day was reversed, and Great Britain was now largely dependent upon the ^southern hemisphere for her supplies. Surely this was a cardinal fact which gave them a big assurance for the future of the dairying in dustry. At the present time trade in the European countries was in a chaotic condition, but. this was not going,to last: i'or ever. One im mediate result, however?- wns Great Brit ain's trade had beim mare or less seriously affected, and this in turn had had its reflex in the Australian trade. But with the re vival of confidence en the Continent, one of the first countries that would benefit would be Australia. There had been a feeling abroad recently 'that because prices were lower in London [since March,"there was serious trouble with the industry there. He could assure them, however, that since his departure from Eng* I land high prices were being realised, and he believed that the average price this year would be greater than that of last year, which they had considered satisfactory. LOCAL MARKET. To guide the industry on their local mar ket, prior to the war they had had a local committee in charge. Since the war thin committee was revived, with a subsequent addition of two members from the P.P.TI.— all strong co-operative men, whose policy ha:! proved advantageous. The proprietary peo ple, on the other hand, were determined that the growing strength of the producers should not be used in the way thev wished, and they had done their best to smash up the organis ation.. Matters had finally reached a climax, and at a meeting in Sydney facts were placed clearly before, the dairymen, and the committee had; since fulfilled their duties with better results than previously. They were able to keep the Sydney market price very much higher than the actual price for export. The/actual cash result of the com mittee's action was that during tlio flush season of 1922 and right up to the drought in January, the market had kept up to 175s per cwt., which was 35s higher than for the same period of the previous year.. The aver age price for 12 months had been 183s fid—a very satisfactory value and 34s higher than that ruling for the .previous year. It was true that the cessation of the export of meat and the lessening of meat production had thrown a great many more people into dairy ing, so that Australian exports had in creased, but against this they must place the decrease in exports from other countrifes. RECENT FALL IN PRICES. "With regard to the recent- fall in prices, in London no product was more rapid ly affected by climatic, conditions than but ter. In England there had been a mild win ter and. an. early spring, with increased pro duction. Then, too, with the fall of the mark and tho Jlulir, Denmark had boon compelled to withdraw 35,000 tons of butter froui that market, and this they had placed with Lou don. Those were factors which had accom plished a reccnt fall, but notwithstanding this the price would be a shade better than last year. Once there yas a return to more normal trade conditions in the Northern Hemisphere Australia would bo the first to benefit. Then they had another groat helpful tac ; tor on tho horizon, and., that was the holding of the Empire Exhibition in London. Many thousands of extra people were going to be in London for the exhibition, and a large amount of. butter and other products would have to be reserved to'feed them. Thero were one or two other factors wor tl/v of consideration if they had any anxiety —which he had not. Talco standardisation. If they wanted their butter to attain higher prlees In London they must get to work to improve the quality. They must so stand ardise it as to place it beyond the reach or the need of the blenders. They had been producing in the past very largely f«>? the benefit of the manipulators and blenders in London, DENMARK'8 UNIFORM PRODUCT. Denmatk, after trying for 20 yea*s, vjas now producing, ii uniform butte?-, so much so that there was no need to place an in dividual brand on any of the butter exported t() London. The result was that the people were merely conscious that they were buy in" Danish butter. If after 20 years the "Danes had dug themselves into the con fidence of Great Britain to the extent that tliGy wcy©.8-W® ^ price, was it not time that Australia started to follow their example ? Climatic. conditions specially favoured A intra.! in in the produc tion of butter. They knew that. Australian, butter was absolutely better than any other product in the world. It. was almost sinful, when they were talking so much about, co operation, that, something hnrl not. been done in'this regard before. Whilst, in London he had had unique opportunities for observing tho products of all parts of the world pour ing into 'Londo'n, and of comparing Austra lian products with these. Because of the Continental debacle current just now, they had all the other countries pouring their products over the counters in Great Britain, which was the one country which could pay leash now. Immediately conditions improv ed on the Continent this state of affairs would cease. SELLING DECENTRALISATION. Xo doubt, in the mutter of decentralisa-, lion of selling. the Federation in London would need to establish branches in . the northern centres; and when the time arrived that' they could land their Australian but ter in these great centres of the old coun try there was no need why they should not displace a great deal of the Danish butter from those markets. Referring to tho proposal of the Imperial* Government Cor trade within the F.mpiro, Mr. Meares asked his hearers tint' to believe that this was merely political dap-trap. Tt was really n selfish business proposition. Great. Britain was very anxious In develop trade within the TCmpire. because she real ised that if she was to secure Australia as her customer ihen she would in return have to find a market for Australian products. There was no more important thing looming ahead for Australia than the great economic gathering to take place in the near future. TTc had given expression to some of the wider views which should appeal to them, and give them greater confidence in the in dustry than some of them possessed at tho present time. FAITH IN THE FUTURE. " 1 am one of those ayIio believe that the marketiujr future of all milk products is absolutely assured," said Mr. Me ares, •"and that the worTYl Vanuot produce enough in this regard to meet requirements. The population of America lias overtaken pro duction. The population of l-higlaud, also, is rapidly' increasing, and they cannot, pro duce sufficient milk products to meet the demand.'" " Mr. Meares declared that there were mil lions of pouuds behind the move to trans port large -numbers of Britons to Australia. Tn the-.past they were not quite sure of the earnestness of the British Government, in this regard, :but. to-dav there was no doubt at all on the point. Could not the producers see that. by. this means they were going to increase the consumption at home, and that, the local market was going 1o improvo? • And if it was good enough to improve tho standard for export, it was equally impor tant to improve the quality "for the local market. ; There was another factor which must, be emphasised in connection with Uiq market ing of butter. Tn Australia, anrtPpaTticular ly in New South Wales, they had never made any real progress, or received flip, value of their labour, until they had built, up the co-operative distributing agen&iesi; and they would never get. results in London until all the distributing companies concen trated on one floor, thus allowing butter to regulate its own price. 