tHE PREMIER'S VISIT TO LONDON. \rt has been stated that unlike "most v/of. bis predecessors the Premier (Sir ;;/(Jeorge Fullier) is not 'foing- to Lon- M;dpn to borrow money, but to get more ; ©eoiple for N«w South 'Wales, r.cd to ihelp' this.; State to find markets, for its produce. Almost simultaneously we yrete- 'informed by caible miyssage that New South Wales intended, to float a loan for £5,000,000. It was known Ideally that in', all probability New Sb'uth Wales .would have been a bor- r dif er in London before the close of lasi; year naa . it not been tor the otrftmely uninviting outlook in Lon- : don. The Government has (planned to spend approximately £10,000,000 with in the itwelve imoutbls, mostly upon raillwavs, waterworks, and other, pub lic services;- In the circumstances a loan is inevitable, . and appearances /indicate that if. is closely associated 'with the Premier's peregrination ; albroad. His definite mission, how ever, seems , to be as . an immigration .agent. His main purpose in going to London, we are told, is to discuss on the spot the/questions arising out -of tlie- schemes for. the migration of great numbers o:f surplus -Britons to these : cfFiores. We have the land; .or ".will have it. if it is made availabCe, and we need consideraibty increased jiqpulation. Bnt there is still a weak gpot in the Governuient's development Boh&me; It \vi-ll break, down unless guarantees are given that, the migrants are producing for the market® of the homelands ; and, as: frequently pointed but of late,. Ithose guarantees cannot ibe given without there being li changed vdew on tbb part; of Britons with regard to tariffs. ' It 'is said that Sir George Fuller is hopeful of being able to induce the loaders in England "to see this question through rather different spectae'leis from those they have been accustomed to .wear. ' ' For some time ahead export markets are fairly well assured for pur surplus wool, wheat, a.nd butter; 'but even in production of the two latter the pro ducers are already- ' on the' bread and hirtL»r >!i nA "Tlin in'.hAnf.iAn- nip . fib A Goyerument is to/ place the , large majority of migrants mainly at fruit growing. "This will be a -failure unless the British Government guarantees' a market, and probably . it will be the mission of Sir/George Fuller to make this clear, and obtain a guarantee that it will be aided upon promptly. ; A' movement in the direetio men tioned has already been set on foot in connection <vith the Empire. JBxhiibi- tdon. Lecturing at the Colonial Insti tute . recently, Mr. Belcher deprecated the custom of British shopkeepeis in displaying. Danish and other foreign produce while " keeping the products of the Dominions in the background. It was about time, he said, that Brit ish salesmen stopped giving preference to the foreigner. He pointed out that every Dominion, gave British prefer ence. It was -imperative' that Britain, should reciprocate, otherwise' fxa'dc would be diverted to other countries. He claimed that Australia', dried fruits industry was prob'alblyj among the greatest in the world, and; lit only needed preference to stimulate pro duction. In connection with the cam paign to make the Empire 'self- supportit, publicity and advocacy has been -active -si-nee ' the termination of the lifer, on the lines mentioned by Mr. Beleher; and Sir Georgp : Fuller will -therefore, find the way paved towafd completing- the t'as/k he ha? in. hand. Difficulties surround the marketing, problem, and the . Premier is shouldering a great repnsibility'. The Government's immigration ; scheme still meets, with- wide opposition, mainly, on the ground that it is "half- baked. ' ' A good- deal, of the- land development scheme has' ' vet to be dealt; with v by Pamaiment to make it effective and ' definite. The ; agTeement hajiTbwly ' escaped rejection in the Legisl'a'tive 'Assembly; 'The Progres- sives vo tea against it. , : many, juaiooc members were absent," however, . and the Goverament had a majority. The ©hi jF objections ' raised . were the hpn- faci'lities . for local, land-seekers, and the I uncertainty , of the 1 immigration venture, in idew / of tbe '- failure; of soidiefs k . settlement. ' It .. was thought tbat ' fche Premier might - say something to indicalte that ' the agihement niigM be amended to provide /for greater help from England, an<T |-that ; steps would be taken to promote land settle- , ment -hy private exrtenprise. ..... The Premier's speech did not satisfy the Progressives. Froin ;whab has trans- .piire'd since iF/vfedld aippoar; ,th'at the .Premier was not in a -position to give the inforinatibh the -Progressives de manded. Whether or 'not England will give . greater financial help to. the immigration sch'etme seems to depend; upon Sir George Fuller's presentation while . in London of hjs Gpyerniment 's -view of the case. "One thing- certain, is that he will be asked , to explain how his Government proposes/ -to com pel the subdivision of largd e»tates. Sir George Fuller's- visit to f London arouses very keen interest, '-.more so than any yet undertaken by a Pre mier of New South Wales. . 