Still no rain. ^ Mr Ernest Olton is a patient in Bega Hospital. ? ? ? Several Jicatl of stock have Idicd on Bega Common* I ? ! Nowra Agricultural Society is build* Jog a luncheon pavilion at a cost of £900. ? ? ? Aid. ltobertson wns ill at tho week-end, and had to call in tho doctor. ? ? ? ' ? Bega Agricultural Society should givo early consideration to llic mat ter of levelling the ring. Blind soldier W. Folland id to bo married on Anzac Day, April 25th, to Miss Hunter, of Wapungo. ? ? ? ? . The stage of Bega School of Arts is to be Hiicd aud ceiled with tlbro* lite at a cost of about i.'3U. ? ? ? . New Zealand butter is being iin ported to Sydney at a pricc under that ruling for N.S W, butter. ? ? ? . liega is affected with drought, diphtheria, measles, and mumps. What have wo done to deserve all this? ? ? ? The Licensee deduction Boaid has closed seven hotels in the town tC Mudgce. The town is *aid to l-c stun* ned by .such a big induction. Mr T. D'Arcy, or Bega, wa- one of the deputation to the Minister for Customs in Sydney on Frid.iy, which asked for an iucreascd duly on South I African maize. The Bega-bred trotting geldin? Sunny Child, owned by Messrs Solo mon and Whalan, was sold in Sydney ! on Friday, and was bought by Mr Whalan for .C120. ? ? ' ? i The ferry punt being built by Mr i K. Millican for Bega IUvit i.- on the slijvj at tho river at Bt'rtnagui South, and is Hearing completion. When completed tin* juint will be towed round to Kega Kiver. A dance wa- held in Ntunbtigjra Hall on Weduc.'diy night la-t. Music was supplied by Mrs S.ibln and Mr Clam-V. Willi i»vl r:i^ l.v Mnux V:.-kln and iirittun. Mr J. ' F. Xiekle was M.C Anoihrr dance will be held on the *J3rd instant. The ra-M'hoi-e David won over .118000 at the repeat Itandwiek race-5. He is trained l»v Hilly Booth, who years ago wa- in a small way train* ing for Mr Gerald Massey at Gun* daroo, and ho brought- The PalmMt aud other horses to one of our annual meetings. In the continuous butter judginir competition at Sydney Show, which covered butter -hipped t«.» Sydnr^ during the. period li*onv Noveml-cr to March, the Bejra factory showed up well, gaining 92.38 point.- with 0B'-1 boxes. This was the highest award for any faetoty south of Nowni. There was a good attendincc at Mr CI if! Arnold's hospital dancc on Monday night in tho Lyric Theatre. Lady friends of the Hospital provided :*iip)-cr, and Mrs Blomtlcld ran a soft drinks and icc-cream stall. The door takings were jCli5. Music was provided by. Mr Arnold, with extras by Mi.«*erf Piper, McDonald. O'Neill^ and Claire Britten. Mr Will Jardino was M.C The novelty dnncc was won by Mr J. Abdalhih and Miss Clariec Butter Beautiful flowers for the tables were soul by Miss C*r ton, of NuineivIIa. At CoUtrgo Court on Monday the postponed ot Nurbidge v. Keat ing for injuring rabbit-proof fence, *ntl of Keating v. ,lh»rb:di:e ror threat oiling language, were tlrsposed of bv Mr Cleeve, P.M _Mr Curtis appeared for Hurbid^'e and Mr IMand for Keat iitfr. The ca^os busted nearly all day, : and resulted in ICeatinjr U-ing lineal ; L'3, with .1^1 l.'fs eost.s, for in* junnt: the fence, while the ease a* gainst Burhidge for threatening lan gtiage Wits disiiiinsed, without uostg, Messrs Bland and Cutlis had a wordy mM-Io, Mr Bland saying that he would not like to tell the Court what ho thought of Mr Curtis. Tho latter, retorted that, if ho was any worfjo than what he thought of Mr Bland ho was not fit to be on the Ipll of solicitoi*. Mr Cleeve thivw oil on the troubled waters. Me.«srs Rogers, Gowiug, and Mc Veigh, who have recently completed a lour or the North Cioast, report thai the lk'Uingen and the Dorrigo and parts of the Richmond are lock ing very well, but in other places, especially on the Clavencc and a* round Casino, it is very bad. The vi?iuus were greatly impresseti with the wide extent of good country up North, aud Mr Gowing was especially i surprised to iind good maize ^i|^v i iug on the mountain above Tenter field. At Uorrijjo they met Mr Rich i ins, formerly secretary to Bega Fac tory, wno ts ntauager tip , there, and at- Grafton they met Mr Steve Sim mons, who is managing tho big fac tory there, and at UlmatVa they found Mr Hart, a son-in-law ot Mr Simmons, and an ex-Cat:djlo resident, inchargu of the factory. Mr fiogeifc e^nes back with the flnii conviction that; tho two groat needs of Boga are a \ wafoi- supply and -Jlcctrfc light. f 1 Sydney trippers returning. ? * ? Hospital meeting on Wednesday night. Mr II, B. Bush's father has been on a visit to Bega. Prayers for rain wcro offered in St. Patrick's Church on Sunday even ing, ? ? ? A quoit championship aud handicap are to be features of the soldicifr s(-orU on April 23th. ? ? ? ? ? Mr and Mrs Yal. Bitchie left for Sydney on Saturday. Mr llitchie has not been weli for some time. ? * Mr Jack Hanscombc, now teaching in Sydney, loturned by SatuilJay's steamer after upending a holiday hen:, ? Matron McKldd, ot Bega Hospital, has received a very fine sample of i cotton grown by Iter father in the I Barraba district, t ' I % ? ? - ?' Tho most familiar sight in Itetra | theto days ia thai of large loads oi i green maize stalks Iving carted to i tho outlying dairies Things are seiv i ous, without a doubt. i ? ? ? ? Over two inches of rain fell in | Sydney la-t week, and th»;re wero further .showum thett; on Sundayv The cur-c of centralisation— even the rain is flocking to the City. ? ? ? 'A death from diphtheria occuif red in Bega Hospital on Friday night, the victim being Boy Hackctt, aged three years, from Candelo. The ciiild was in a bad way when admitted*. ? . ? ? Amongst the exports from Ulladulla is shell-grit. On 21th March the steamer Bormagui took GOO bags of shc!l*grit to Sydney, and on 28th March no le^s than MOO bags. I We are asked to state that the I services at St. John's Church of i Kngland on Sunday next will be 11 i a. m and 7.30 p.m. only; 'also that the . service at Wallagoot has been cancclled. Commencing Saturday next, at the matinee, the management of the New Lyric announce the biggest contract yet signed for Bega. First National aud fox specials every Satutday. Send the kiddies along to The ma tinee.* For the tlmpire Inhibition in Lon don next year selections have been made from the South Coast and Tablelands exhibit at tho Sydney Show of bottled fruits, jellies, baled hay, grasses in sheave?, ami about 40 lots of maize, shelled and in cob. MemK'rs and intending members of the Bega branch of the Twofobl Bay Development. League will .meet in the School of Arts on Wednesday niyht. Messrs Logan aud Wcllings, of Kdeu, will l»e present. The object of the meeting is to consolidate the work of the League, and to keep( striking while the iron i- hot. Mr W. Hart, junior, who has been , umfor Ucntment for his arm in the Military Hospital in Sydney, has re turned to ltegii, with Mrs Hart and i child. Billys aim, which was smash ed bvyhrapnel, atid which has given hint a lot of tiouble, had Ix'ou Itouud together hv silver wire, and an X ray , photograph which he has shows the operation vividly. Portion of the bpdv of the late Mr David Williams, who was drowiv ed in the Pambula Biver on Good Friday, were found on a Iwach near the mouth of the river on -Fifilay last. The IkmIv had been taken out to sea Wy tho tide. The Tuneral took place at Pambula on Saturday, and was very largely attended.' In the absence of Rev. Tather Mc Nee vi-, i be burial service was read by Mr Armstrong, the remains being interred iu the Catholic cemetcry. Mayor Pell, Aid RolHM'tsou, IkuMxr and Brown, who went to ,Mumbulla Mlu. oti Friday to have, a l--ok at this water, are quite enamored of the pos sibilities of eetliiiL' nn ply for Bega from there by gravita tion, and the Council will t-c asked to sanction the getting of an expert to rc|-ort on it. in one of tho streams coining down from tho mountain they estimated by a crude method that the flow is equal to .G0,000 gallons per day, which would be quite sufficient to supply tho town, and the water is beautifully clear. Tho locality also is ideal lor the making of a storage dam. Messrs McGregor and others kindly acted as guides to the party. ? ? ? ? | i Tim marriage was celebrated at Coonia by (ho Very ltev. Dean Nonjis on Easter Monday of Mr Peifcival Brown aud Miss Vera Veuablcs. Tlte bridegroom, who is now iu Ihe Bom bala post oillce, is the oldest sou of ilr and Mrs J. B, Bnown, of Pambula, while the bride is the youngest daugh tor of the lato Mr aud Mi's Richard Vonablos, of Pine Flat, Cooma. Tho bricle woitj a voi(\\* pretty dress/ of tnlfeta and gcorg-ettc, and laco trim mings; she also wore the customary wreath and veil; Iwuquet of white dahlias aud fern was the' gift of bridegroom, as was also the gold armlet which she wore. Miss Eileen Johnson was bridesmaid, and was attired in a costume ot champagne shot tafTcta, and carried a bouquot ot wlibitu dahlias; iter gift from bride groom was a gold locket. The bride presented tlte bridegroom with a set of military t-rushw. ? . Kaocs at Pambula next Saturday. ? ? ? Big land sale at Bodalla on Wed* needay. Mumbulla Shire bridge gang atp cutting the Ebig timber for Double Creek bridge. . Sir Hany Lauder, the famous Scotch singer, put in the Easter hoi,* days fishing at Narooma. ? ?? Miss Inn Bright, formorly of Can delo, is shortly to bo married to Mr Walter Field, of Coonaharabitin. The Bcv, W, H, Beale, who -ii. d In Sydney hist week, n^ed 71, was many years ago stationed at i»e;:a. ! Messrs l'nvl. .\forris and Jack Wil- I son spent leister on Wallaga Litke, ' and declaiv it to U* the llnest spot | on the cwisl for a holiday. Thorpo McConville's l»ig buck jumping show oiwns in Bega on Fri day night. The Botnbala '?Times' sjHvaks vers* highly of tho perforfn* anoe. ? ? ? The Von. Archdeacon B. Poro Bi-*. ant left on Monday for Goull-urn to attend the Sniritual Healinc Mission I being conducted by Mr HIckson in I Goulburn Cathedral; also to take part in the Diocesan Synod, which begins in Goulburn on Friday nest. ? ? ? William Fox presents Mark Twain's satirical remedy, 'A Yankee at the Court of King Arthur,' the first -real comedy of tho screen! United Art ists present Doris Kenyon in 'Bo- I mancc,' a piclttm of merit. New Lyrio Theatre? Thutvtlay night. The gross takings at the rcccnt B.C. Ball at Wolmnla wens £39 3s Gd, expenses C'» 1 7s. and the nest re* suit £3.1 tls (hi This is the best result ever achieved by the annual BC. Ball, and is a tribute to the work of the ladies. Tito name or Mrs D. Grant was omitted in our) report of the Ball Worn the list of donors, that lady having contribut ed liberally lowatd? the supper.; Winter is at hand, and during these trying time* it behove.* one and all to see that they get tho very best value Jto:ld« opened this w-vk their first shipment of blankets, al! well bought and prices very low. Mr Kdwat'd*, general manager of this popular hou-;c; left overland yestiv* day to complete Bod-Is winter tuir chaso, and customers aro well ad vised to wait and insj-cct JloddV* display before making their sel/.ti tion. Sec advt-* There was a fair attendance at the Hospital on Saturday for the sale of goods organised by the Matron and nurses in aid of the fund for building nurses' quarter, the need of which was forcibly brought before the vU. tors by the sight, of a large marquee in which the nurses have at present to sleep. The stalls were well stock ed with goud* and various articles made by Hie nursing stalT. Jccctvain and soft drinks were also on sale, but the cold wind hardly hcli-cd this side of the business. Goods remapt- ? ing over weiv liniee-aue^ioncd, aud . altogether the -substantial sum of .1133 was netted. One of the nurses helj^ed the takings considerably, and also caused much entertainment, by rcrTding hands. Sixteen competed for a quoit match organised by Mr C. Murray, and tho prize was divided between Messrs Randolph McGregor and W. A Smith, who handed Jho amount (32s) to the funds. The Band played throughout the proceeding*. Mr Bunts, president, thanked all who assisted, and pointed out the neces sity for thu erection of nurses* quar ters. if tiie whole district took up the work they would soon get suf ficient money. At the conclusion cheers were given Tor the matron and stall. Major D'Arcy, of the New Settlers' League of Australia, was in Bega recently, and outlined the business to be placed before another big con ference which is being arranged to oc neia at uega on -May lutn, when delegates from Monaro and all adja- : cent centres are invited to attend. The contereneee will l-c highly im portant, in view' of the fact that a delegation has just left England for Australia to ascertain the possibilities of 'development and settlement in Australia. This delegation consists of very distinguished men, and has the backing of millions of jvojetuds for the- settlement of English immi grants. Major D'Arcy expects them to visit tills district aud investigate the possibilities of the hydro-electtic scheme wliich has been so much talked of lately, and it writ be for tho confercncc to devise somo de finite plan to phijce befoi-e the Brit ish : delegation. Everybody who hiv» interest wnaievcr m me uoveiop* ment ^nd settlement of Australia, will be welcome at .the conference, wliich will Ihs held in the Bega Soliool of Arts on May lGth. The maintenance ot the unemployed in England is &aid; to bo costing tho British Government a hundred mil lions per .year, and as thert- i« no ;'pix-spcot of finding employment at (home the Government is .prepared to spend millions in settling them in tho Dominions. ? ? . ? Mr J. * L. Walker, optician, has opened modern sight testing rooms in Carp-street, Bega, and may be con sulted there from 16th to 22nd (inclu sive) of every month, Saturday and Sunday excepted. See ftdvtt ... The gate receipts at Sydney Show totalled £25,595, an incrcaso of £15 13 ? ? ? At the Cathcart Show Mr T. Hef fernan, of Candelo, exhibited a fine sample of 'elephant grass.' It was 0 to 10 feet long, with giod stout succulent stalks and long edible lea ves. The sample waa grown - near Candelo. from roots supplied by thp Department of Agriculture. Mr Hef fcrnan thinks it should be givon a trial on the tableland, as it make?, wonderful growth and is hardy. It can only be grown from the root, and the^o, we undcistand, can be ob tained from the department— Bom- bala 'Times.' The Coastal Society reports on Gth April: Butter— Good demand prevails for choicest at the increased rate of 1 224s per cwt. Secondary and lower I grades not wanted, and clearances slow. Further helpful rains have fal len in the North, hut. Lhn fur Smith is still very dry. This week's cablo states: 'Australian firsts 184s tolttfi others 180s to 182s; New Zealand lttls to 1U2S, Argentine 170s to l'JOs, Danish 200s to 202s. Market very weak; actua I selling prices -Is to Gs below olllcial quotations. Declinc | caused by buyers generally anticipat ing great shortage iu Maifch autf April ami stored heavily, but large ship ments from the Colonies arriving to* gethcr completely altered the whole position; heavy loss experienced all round. Buyers holding off the mar ket completely and clearing their stocks.— Cheese: Market slightly dis-, organised through holidays, but satis factory sales recorfted ami supplies lightly held throughout the Street.— Eggs: Case eggs Is -Jd to Is I0d do*. I —Potatoes £8 to £11 10s ton.— Chaff: £5 to £7 5s; market overstocked— Maize: (js cd bushel. — Pigs, baokfat ters £5 to £7, baconers £3 los lo £1 7s Cd, porkers ££ to £2 10s. ? ? ? Messrs Bold and Hoson, Lloenied Surveyors, ot Sydney, have a per* mancnt surveyor, Mr webb, stationed in the district. ? Surveys carried out at shortest notion- 9m »dvX* 