Current Comment Thanks to the efforts of Mr. S. W. Jhcobs, K.C., a Jewish member of Parliament, and of a committee of Canadian Jews,' the Canadian Government hasi agreed to permit six thousand Jewish refugees from Bessarabia to enter Canada. The refugees will be allowed to land in weekly quotas, subject to a medical inspection. * * * * This story is from an American Jewish paper, “The Day”:—“In a list of relatives sought which the ‘Hias’ (the Hebrew Immi grant Aid Society) has received from its office in Warsaw, it is an nounced that a Jewish women of Wolkowisk, Poland, is looking for her uncle, Henry Ford, Dearborn, Mich. The woman’s name is Emma , Chelias. As far as is known, the only Henry Ford in Dearborn is the famous anti-Se mitic manufacturer. The woman does not say whether or not he is a blood relation. At any rate he is an uncle.” With the knowledge that the worst of Jewish persecutors have been Jewish renegades, the story lias a significance. * * * • Arising out of very peculiar cir cumstances, serious rioting oc curred in the synagogue of the town of Telsocviso, in Transyl vania, on Simchat Torah. The newly appointed Rabbi of the town, Rabbi Hager, a son of the Rabbi of Ziznitz, had insisted that all Jewish married women should crop their hair and wear the Shai tel. On Yom Kippur he ordered all women who had not obeyed his instructions to leave the syna gogue, and when they refused, he himself and his Chazan quitted the building. On Simchat Torah police were posted outside the synagogue to prevent the entrance of women wearing their own hair. One such, however, managed to enter, and when Rabbi Hager saw her, in spite of the protests of the congregants, he refused to proceed with the service until she had left the building. A crowd of worshippers then attacked the Rabbi, who, with many of his supporters, was seriously hurt. Police entered the synagogue and made several arrests. * * * The death occurred, in his sev enty-third year, after ai short ill ness, of Dr. Joseph Samuel Bloch, publisher & founder of “Bloch’s Wochenschrift” of Vienna. For many years a Rabbi, Dr. Bloch withdrew from the Rabbinate in i884, when he was elected to the Austrian Parliament as Deputy for Kolomea. The deceased was one of the staunchest opponents of the Blood Libel, whidh has more than once been prevalent in Austria, particularly in the no torious affair known as the Tisza Eszlar ritual murder, and was sev eral times successful in securing the withdrawal of the infamous calumnies against Jews. In one case, a baptized Jew and a Pas tor, who were connected with ac cusations brought by a paper called the “Vaterland,” were he'avily punished through his exer tions. * # * The French League for the De fence of the Rights of Men and Citizens has forwarded to the Committee of Jewish Delegations here a letter received from Mr. Poincare by Mr. Buisson, Presi dent of the League, in reply to an intervention made by the League to the French Government against the threatened enforcement of a numerus clausus against Jewish students in Poland, Mr. Poincare writes that he has been informed that consideration of the numerus clausus proposals by the Polish Sejm has been postponed. In ad dition, the proposals were adopted by the Educational Commission of the Sejm by a vote of only 16 against 13. The Sejm having put off consideration of the proposals, he feels that before the question comes up again the situation will have been examined' more care fully, and the Sejm will, in con sequence, refuse to agree to any thing which is in conflict with the terms of the Peace Treaty of June 28th, 1919. * * *• . * The widow of the late Max Nordau, who is a Danish subject, has made an effort to obtain, through the services of the Danish Embassy in Paris, the sequestrat ed property of her husband. The effort failed, however, as * the French Government considered itself the rightful heir of the se questrated estate. * * * The Shanghai (China) commun ity has been distressed since April last by the resignation of Rabbi W. Hirsch, which however has not so far been accepted. In Oc tober last the Rabbi, at the ur gent request of the congregation, agreed to remain for another cou ple of months, but declined to withdraw his resignation. Dis cordant factions and a result of difficulty in obtaining the united financial support necessary to maintain the Rabbinate appear to have been the root of the diffi culty. Rabbi Hirsch has done ex cellent work whilst in China, and his services have been available to others besides merely the mem bers of the Shanghai community. It is still hoped that efforts to induce him , to remain and to place the affairs of the congrega tion on a better basis may be suc cessful. * * » * Mr. Geoffrey E. Duveen has given to the London University the sum of £10,000 for the estab lishment of a University Lecture ship in Otology, and the thanks of the Senate were accorded to him for his generous gift. The donor intends to allocate a fur ther £15,000 to the University College Hospital for the provision of the most complete and modern treatment of the deaf. The dou ble gift has been made in memory of the donor’s father, Mr. Henry J. Duveen, one of the founders of the art firm of Duveen Brothers, of London, Paris, and New York. Mr. Geoffrey Duveen, who has himself suffered from ear trouble, lost his only brother from the same cause following upon an at tack of scarlet fever. Merely being an orthodox Jew inevitably involves some element of Jewish nationalism.—Zangwill. * * * * Mrs. David L. Nathan and fam ily left Sydney to return to their home in Auckland by the Makura. Current Comment—C ontinued Rabbi Samuel Hirsch Danziger, who has died at Alexandrov, in his 67th year, was one of the most popular of the “Wonder Rab bis” of Poland. Known as the Tsadick of Alexander, he was for the last 16 years a notable figure in Poland, where he had an im mense Chassidic following. His fatal illness is said to be directly traceable to an incident in 1914, when the Russian Cossacks at Radom executed his eldest son and his son’s father-in-law, as well as another Jew, on the pre text, since shown to be entirely groundless, that they were active pro-Germans. * * * * The American-Jewish Congress, held in October, adopted a resolu tion, appointing a committee to study the conditions under which the Jews are living in the vari ous countries of persecution. The Congress condemned the anti Jewish^ boycott moveinent and the agitation for the enforcement of a numerus clausus against Jewish students. The resolution further declared that the American Jew ish Congress had decided to come to the aid of the Jews in the countries of persecution in their struggle for equality and minority rights. The Congress noted with satisfaction that the Rumanian Jews had been granted equal rights under the new Constitu tion. It regrets the pogroms and the agitation conducted against the Jewish students in Rumania, and hoped that the Government would continue its( efforts to com bat these anti-Jewish activities and guarantee to the Jews their civil and minority rights. # * * • The memory of Parisian Jews killed in the war is to be per petuated by the erection of marble tablets bearing the names of all particulars of whom are supplied by the bereaves families. There will be about one thousand names. The tablets will be placed upon one of the outside walls of the Great Synagogue in the rue de la Victoire. * * * In digging up the Boulevard St. Germain in Paris (in the imme diate neighbourhood of the Latin Quarter) for the construction of a new railway track, workmen have revealed tombstones and re mains of the old Jewish cemetery of Paris of the twelfth century. The Parisian Rabbinate has called the attention of the authorities to the archaelogical interest of the excavation. * * * In a curious divorce case in England, Rabbi Barnet Isaac Co hen, of Sheffield, asked for a de cree annulling his marriage. The marriage! was solemnised in Shef field in 1910, but was never con summated, although the couple lived together for seven years. In 1917, Mrs. Cohen was operated on, and at this time her mother had a seizure and died. When Mrs. Cohen was told of this, her reason broke down. It was not suggested that supervening in sanity was a ground for nullity., Sir Henry Duke decided that the case for a decree had not been established. In an article by J. N. Flower man, President of the San Fran cisco Jewish Consumption Relief Association, in the San Francisco “Jewish Times,” he, in the course of an appeal for funds for the Jewish consumption home at Duarte (Cal.), says that there are 35,000 known Jewish T.B. cases in U.S.A., and only accommoda tion, in Jewish surroundings, for 1750 of them. Special appeals are being made all over America to help Jewish T.B. institutions. Mr. Flowerman, by the way, is the son-in-law of Mr. J. Selig, of Alison Street, Newtown. * * * A campaign for a Million Dol lar Endowment Fund for the Jew ish Theological Seminary of New York was opened by Mr. Louis Marshall at a Conference, attend ed by more than six hundred pro minent laymen and rabbis (both orthodox and reform), on the 6th Oct. Mr. Marshall, who is Chair man of the Executive Board of the Seminary, said that the best reply to anti-Semitism was the promotion of Judaism. They would prove to the world what Judaism really was, what it meant what a Jewish life meant. At once the sum of 170,000 dollars was promised, of which two men each contributed 25,000 dollars. * * * * It is claimed that Dr. Rosa Po merantz-Meltzer is the only Jew ish woman member of Parliament in the world (she is Deputy of the Polish Sejm for Stanuslavov, in Eastern Galicia). She has been visiting the United States to at tend the Convention of the Coun cil of Jewish Women, which met at St. Louis on November 11th to 16th. Mme. Pomerantz-Meltzer is a member of the Club of Jew ish Deputies and of the Sejm Com mission for Social Welfare. She is Chairman of the League of Jewish Women’s Organisations in Eastern Galicia, which she repre sented at the Congress of Jewish Women in Vienna last summer. # # * Criticisms of Jews given at a “Conversionist” gathering in Eng land:—The Rev. W. A. Rover said: “The Jews went to almost any length to bolster up their cold and rigid religion. Israel had done everything possible to destroy herself. She had tried with might and main to assimilate the Gentiles. It was nothing in the Jew that made him stand out among the nations, and it was not the fault of the Gentiles. Noth ing could destroy the Jew; he was the living, walking, witness of the truth of the prophecies. All that was happening to the Jews to- day was in fulfilment of the prophetic Scriptures.” The Rev. A. J. Culwick said: “A general impression of the Jews was that they were good for noth ing but making money, or, per haps, for selling old clothes. But the Jews were not all of one class. There was the materialistic Jew, who had had his materialism put on him by his treatment at the hands of so-called Christian peo ple, but there was also the idealis tic Jew, the musical Jew, and the philanthropic Jew, who cared very little for money.” 