jl,.' ' QUEEHSLAND. '/The forecast for Queensland indicate© frenSrally fine weather except for au iso« Fated -coastal ©howur or two', but condi tions favourable for scattered thunder- Storms in the south-western quarter by lo-nlght .Temperature increasing, hut (fold :aifd- frosty again .to-night on tho Downs. M. HicUsnn, tlie npiritunl healer arrived in BrishAno on Saturday. When , Interviewed, ' Mr. IHckson ©aid thai. the results of his mission had been ttdst gratifying. The Xconard Twigg fund; which was announced lo close eouio time ngo, lias; be oh Incrcaacd to £101 Ills f/cl. VAdmettis ,won tlie Brisbane Thousand for.- the., second year iu succession at Albion '-Bark on Saturday. . Yates., knocked our Raymond in the llUx ronnd in the Brisbane Stadium on Saturday. night. Tpswieh defeated Brisbane by HQ lo 11 In .the Rugby l.fague match. '"TtjV Saturday's occcr games rincajqile r»oVs;: beat Corinlhians 1 — 0, and Tbif)tlea idowned Bush Rutc3 1—0. C-; Australian games resulted ; — Brisbane T. Valley, 774 — 28; South Brisbane v. tVyjihtim, "Ifi— 12. '-Itj -has been decided to cclcbrato JWaUlo'Day on July 111. : A'qieeling of Norlhgale Virginia io- ffjderitis'liy. 95 '.votcti lo 40, earned a mo- (ton of protest against' the erection of a ' piolure pavilion in tho district. Tli© Acting-Premier had nothing to any regarding tho Government's attitude lo- tratds-Uic' visit, of the Irish envoys. 'tlio latest election figures have had no effect-; in altering the position of Use can didate©. . ' : British Overseas Dolegotion nr- riv©d tn Sfnryhorongh on Thursday night from Gympls. StantHorj>e Council of Fruitgrowers hns ex|)rejised satisfaction at the mnnnoi' in tvhieh the 'fruit train from the gninito belt has been run. Cribb'a crow won tho combination fours at the . Bocrotary's regatta on Saturday. , '8tr William Wyndhatn (chairman Over- ssos' Delegation) favours tho nomination system of immigration, and gives an ua- sursnce that numbcrH would emigrate. Stadium patrons on. . Saturday night t4r.tick in largo number ns n protest ngainot the price of scat© being increased. , , ' INTERSTATE. Roy. Governor, tho black bushranger, is still (it largo. Trace of him in a rock rnve, in which ho had camped, und also bis tracks in the forest, wero found. Attempts woro mad? on Saturday to destroy a bridge on the railway lending ' to. Whitbiirn Colliery (N.S.W.), whero' the -men are on strike. Ift'-ttbe Sydney stadium on Saturday Godfrey knocked out Bradley in the 20th. round of a good contest. Tiieiketch Alice went ashore between fliiubyalla and Capo Portland (Tas- mania). Tho crew is safe. ' Delegates to tho rremicrs' Confer- ence . in Melbourne have received letters from' the Taxpayers' Association, ex pressing gravest concern at the deadlock rer.ched in respect of taxation proposals before the conference. ' Regarding a complaint that German cigars: had been. "dumped" into Vic toria, the Customs authorities explained that cigars .paid duty amounting to about 3d. a piece. Jack Johnson, the Newcastle boxor, who -was knocked out by Tommy Urcn Inst week, is still in semi-conscious con dition.. -lie is expected to recover. Tho oil supply steam??, Karumba, is hold up in Farm Covo (Sydney) owing to the dismissal of the cook. Maurice Bendcson, who was shot bv a police officer in a chemist's, "shop last vroekthe bullet striking him in tho aeck, died yesterday. / : ;;V OVERSEAS. ' Five nations havo made a protest to tHo' Doited States against enforcing tho decision that liquor must not be brbukht'within the three-mile radius by forbjgp ships. . " TKe.'nOw British Cabinet has been chosen, its numbers being increased to J 8.. / Tho most notable additions to its per sonnel nro Mr. Reginald M'Konna, who 1? to bo Chancellor of tho Exchequer, hnd> Lord Robert Cecil, who becomes Lorn Privy Seal. v.'A great success has been mado with tuO; EmpirQ. Shopping Week in London AU tho big ahops, notably tho Army; ttud jffavy .Stores, have made a feature I of. Empire produce, and tho demand for British products has increased in a marked fashion. M.,Millcrand has prevailed upon M. Polncaro to .withdraw his resignation. \ by pointing out -the ill-eJTect that it will have on foreign sympathy wtih Franco. \ The .Soviet ''accuses Marquess Curzon desire to break off friendly rola- tiofia'-wtlh Russia. Red ret is expressed' that the reparations \- commission rejected the Anglo-Italian plan to restore Hungary's stability by tcra- porarily postponing reparations. The King's messoge to the new army wos that .he was impressed with the de monstrations of tanks and field ar tillery.. . Damo Clara Butt haa asked a thousand guineas and expenses to .go to Tlio Hague to broadcast- a sung. Fifty-two moo.' mostly officers, were injured by on explosion on the Danish cruiser Geyser, whilo making a fog- screen. . . Free Stato troops raided a dugout in Ireland and captured tho .whole rebel staff;' and equipment. ' Empire chopping week in London1 was, . successful Australian wines and fruits were markedly popular. Late Lord Northcliffc's diary, : states that - for an Englishman oiio.of the curses of travelling btho . forgotten war song Tjpperary." . .. . . .Tie Froncb wat ch India . unceasingly ; what /happen© to India may happen to themri. eaya Lord Northciiffe. V. 