MeL MEAItES ON MILK AND . . BUTTER PROSPECTS. CHEEiRFUL - OUTLOOK FOR THE FUTURE. Speaking at the annual meeting of the Nowra Co-operative Dairy Com ( pany, on Saturday, Mr. C. E. D. 1 M-eares,- general manager' of the O.F.S.,' delivered an interesting ad dress, dealing, ^it,h milk, and butter . -prospects. In- offering a few- remarks 'about the Co-operative Milk Com- { : pany, 1 he said the South Coast had I had: a fairly good season, and- the bulk of supply was drawn from this particular area. Quite recently, how ever, a number of farmers apparently thought the price too high, and had been, selling their milk at lower . prices. That, had been the means of reducing the trade of the company 'somewhat. Owing to some dairy far mers entering into a contract rate for the supply of milk at a cheaper rate' the Dairy Farmers' Milk Co. had lost some of their -supply, and bad- to do their best to hold their customers, with the' result that, as 'shown by the balance-sheet recently issued, the pro i fit pn it-he past year's .trading waa only £3500. The whole of that profit was made out of ice and1 butter. The company never made a single shilling out of the milk 'business. To keep their trade the company had acquired. 112 mi lk runs on their own, and :had done everything to economise. The farmers were, unfortunately, cutting j against themselves by supplying cheaper milk. The cutting was not done by the Fresh Food and' Ice Com pany and the, Dairy Farmers' Coop erative Milk Company, . who dlstri ? huted the milk at a fixed price no matter, what they had to pay for it. It was up to the. big suppliers of milk to see that the cutting of -prices to get a few -extra milkings away should cease. When he was -in Lon ...' don recently he had got into touch, with the Danish Co-operative Organi sation, which handled the whole of , 4.-he trade of that country, and on he half of the D.F. Co-op.* Milk Co. he had acquired the sole rights for this State of the new 'sterilising system, .known as Neilsen's. He described this system as something extraordi nary-— altogether different to pasteur isation. Under the new system the air never got to the milk, all the con siiituents were unaffected, and the milk kept for an indefinite period— for months at. least. The system' would revolutionise the milk industry, especially in regard to shipping, while ?it. would also enable milk to be sent into centres where there was no hope of getting .it now. . By acquiring the light for the c'oroperatdve people they would ..prevent anyone 'else from get ting it.. If the. -system were in other hands, the 'Northern' River „ dairymen. ; could flood the .-city with milk. Theiir company would say where it would be used. It would also ensure, he be lieved, a onee-a-day delivery, with an immense saving of cost of diistribu 1ion-. The machinery would1 ibe here in a month of six weeks' time. That showed that the. co-operative . com pany had kept abreast' of' the times, and was looking after the interests of ii.s shareholders. The company would pay a royalty — ;!d a gallon — on the milk handled under -the 'system. - \-- As to the Nowra Dairy. Company 's balance- sheet, he would like to say 'he had never listened to so clear an analysis of 'the operations of a com pany , as given by Mr. Crawford. He had given, a very clear and lueid ex position of the' sheet placed befoi-e the shareholders, who had the whole j of (he business of the company placed ' in detail, before them. He congralu- 1 . 'lated the company' on1 the big local trade, which meant a saving of com- 1 mission. Apart from the -local trade, 'the m'ore butter the company could sell in Sydney the better. The home market was their best market. The British Government -was going in for 'a big scheme of emigration, and Aus tralia, , and New. South Wales in. par ticular, would get their share of im migrants. That would mean, a greater consumption . for their ctommoditieai*. The State Government waa taking a bro'ad outlook on- this question, aiti he hoped they would) remain long enough in office to carry out this im migration policy. It would iowoItaQ an expenditure of from 6,,to 8 millions, but it would* be money well Bpuofc, As to the export trade, it was in good seasons about 50 — 50. But ther® was this important factor to be taken into consideration— -the pDOiiu-ertaOn of products, generally speaking, . waa not increasing at anything like the same rate as the population. . There was a great increase- .in population in Eng land and America. America hadi reached the stage of not being to supply its own requirements. The States were at present buying Aus tralian butter.. ? The' European conti nental countries- were for many years, exporting large' quantities' of butter, but to-day ? they were buyers of ton®* ter. Before the war the great bulk of butter imported by Britain- came from the northern hemisphere. Now it was coming 'from south of the line, and much of it from Australasia. He regarded the prospects as very good. The onus was on* Australia to so im prove the quality of its butter as to command a place in the market. They were doing that- now by standardising their butter, and providing that no butter under -standard be sent away. Denmark never put a factory brand on its butter — only the national brand. Australia at present had over 1000 different brands. It was proposed to cut all that out, and to 'brand with one national -brand— the kangaroo. That would put an end to the blend ing business under which Australian butter was used with other and in-, ferior makes, puddled together like clay for the making of bricks. Thd* standardisation of butter was a big Australian movement. He discounted any decrying of the prospects of the butter industry. The -local price last year was 1/7 per lb, and the average for the year was 183/- per cwt. From indications in the Old Country he anticipated that the realisation there Would- be as good as last year. The dairy farmers had two splendid sheet - anchors now — co-operative handling in New South Wales .and also in Lon don. through the agency of the Co operative Federation. He took an. optimistic view of the -butter indus try. The world was short of milk products, and would be short for .some time owing to the disturbance caused in many European countrits through the war. A few years ago [ casein could not be given away; now there was a good1 demand for that' product. In a few years he antici pated the world would find a difficulty ?in feeding itself with milk products. . That was Australia's opportunity, and nothing could mar the .prospects of'. Australian' producers except the dis loyalty of the producers to the, co-op-' ; erative movement and to themselves.' (Applause). Mr. Aberdeen moved a hearty vottv of thanks to Mr. Meares for ?his-.f; -?? .splendid and ' encouraging address. Mr. Banks,- iin a good speech, secoudedj. - ? the motion, and Mr. ' Lamond sup ported it. Mr. O. H. Oke said Mr.-^ Pedersen an a recent article was very pessimistic tiir his view of the dairy industry,' especially in regard to the opposition- from Argentine.' The mo tion having 'been carried' by acclama tion, Mr. Meares, in reply, said he was afraid some of the Government ot'fi— . eials took a cramped view. Argen tine would, ? no doubt, increase 'its out- , put. But the withdrawal of other- .. countries would balance matters. Siberia was aga-m.conidng-on-.the-.'Eng--';':.';1::.-.-':-'. lish -market, but Siberia had the 'same climate as ' Britain. The- advantage Australia had was that her season was , entirely opposite to' England.' Statis tics showed that there wp ^'.ons! ?er j able room for expansion .a the but ter 'hidustry,' and it would be Austra lia's own fault if she did not, benefit »by^ the .increased demand1. 'Pat' Carroll, the 'dry' come- N dian, will be- visiting No7.;^ shortly in ' the interests of prohibition. 