THE KALEIDOSCOPE Immigration mattera are the object of the visit to Australia of Colonel J. H. Stanley, C.B.fe., who is at present in Sydney. Colonel Star ley, who is a vice 'president of the Church Army, England, and a member of the executive commit- tee of the British Red Cross, cbmes to Australia us a commissioner to make inquiries as to the reception, placing, and sub- sequent care of immigrants, and the prospects of their fütuie well-being He has already visited Western Austialla, South Aus- tralia, and Victoria, in which States special oigahisntions have been bioUght into being by the Church of England Paid oiganlicis ha' c been appointed, and committees formed, the Church Arniv sharing the coat of any appoint metit in ide It 13 intended to appoint a Cenhul committee In each cnpital, and to foun reception committees through- out each State, Colonel Stanley having at hib disposal funds enabling lum to ifualaiitee at least portion of the cost 01 the establishment of the lequisile orgnri3ations and their maintenance for some time In an interview Colonel Stanley suid that one of the most ini poituni fcatuies of the -schenu had to do with the immigration of bojs The training of those bovs, instead of being cal ned out bv the Chuuh Army in longland, as heretofore would be done in Australia The diocese of Mel- bourne had placed two farms at the disposal of the committee foi that pur- pose, and it was recognised ihat before bovs were placed In einplovment it was desimble that they should be given some training and evpenenee in Aus- tralia Some GOO ot 000 boj s could be given training oh the Victorian fauna before seeking pnVate employment Colonel Stanley his commented the work of organisation in New South Wales, and later will come to Queens- land, subsequently moving on to New Zealand He has been oflicially ac- credited bV the Secretary of State to the Governor-Geneial and the vanous State Governors. * # ?* Sit Landon Rohald, whose knighthood last year was a Utting reward for great services to the cause of music, was bom in 1873 Originally he appeared- as solo piahiál ut a hiu«i cal play without words, "L'Enfiint Prodigue." In 1891 he w>&s; ehgaged by S i r Augustus Uarrii as Maestro al Piaho and Con- ductor at Covent Galtfefà, and con- ducted grand opera there in 1894, in Ihe «arte year going to America as conductor with Melba. Ile appealed before Queen AMc tofia in 1897 and 189Ö. He has con- ducted numerous important series of concerts, and during a European lour conducted the chief orchestras of the world. Since 1908 he has been con- ductor of the Royal Albert Hall Orches- tra (formerly thc( .New Symphony Orchestra) and principal of the famous Guildhall School of Music since 1910. Since 1910 he has been chairman of the Musical Conductors' Association, and is musical advise'r to the Gramophone Company. He has been musical critic of leading English periodicals. In 1918 he received Grand Honours in Free- masonry; «fas' a member of the Grand Committee of the British Red Cross; was made Hon. F.ÎLA.M. in 1921, and F.Z.S. in the same year. As a composer he is" well known, ana has published about 200 songs, in addition to many notable works for the orchestra. An important man In the world of science these days is Dr. Sigmund Freud, Professor of Neurology nt the A'iennu University sihee 1902. He has done great work for the cause of psycho - analysis. Bom in 1850« and educated at Vienna and Paris, he took his M.b. degree ih 1881, and subse- quent yeats have seen his fame con- stantly growing. A man of great brain power, he has, from the analysis of his own dreams, built the path of the new thought termed psycho-analysis, and he has won honour after honour in the scholastic sphere. He has written pro- fusely many books of sciehtific import- ance bearing hiä name, and over 30 of them are accepted by the universi- ties of the -world as standard text- books, in their various subjects. Dr. Freud is the editor of two journals, and also directs the destinies of the International Journal of Psycho Analysis, which lils ow'h writings have made famous. * * * A long and honourable Career ha» been the lot of the Rev. S. Baring-Gould, who has written his early reminiscences, covering the period from T"<4 to 1864,1 "It is with diffi- dence and hesita- tion," he remarked when the subject was mentioned to him, "that I allow my early remini- scences to appear in public. Being in my 89th year, and having spent much of my life in youth abroad, I venture to think that Some account of the social changes that hnve taken place there, as well as in England, may eventually prove of interest." Mr. Baring--öould, whose writings have earned a wide fame, was born in Exeter, and was educated at Clare Col- lege, Cambridge, where he took his MA. degree. He travelled in Iceland, and in various parts of Europe», and in 1864 became ii curate at Horbuij-, York- shire. In 1800 he was Vicar of Dalton, Yorkshire, and five years later Rector of East Mersea, Essex. On the death of his father in 1872 he inherited the family estates, Lew- Trenehard, and in 1881, on the death of his uncle, pre- sented himself to the Rectoly of Lew Trehchard. He early found that lie had a facile pen, and since 1854 has written many books of folklore, mythology, ancient manners and customs, and of travel, such ns "The Book of Were Wolves," 18GB; "Curious Myths of the Middle Ages," 1866; «'Germany" ("Story of the Nations" series), 1880; "Curious Survivals," 1892; and "Cave Castles of Europe," 1911. His theological works Include "The Lives of the Saints," ¡li 15 volumes, 1872-1877. Much criticism Was excited by lils "Life of Richard Hawker of Morvvenstowe,'* firs»t pub- lished in 1875, with a new edition in 1886, A valuable collection of folk- songs is contained in his "Songs and Ballads of the West," and of his long series of novels the best known are Mehalah," 1S80, 'John Herring" 1882 ?Court Royal," 1880, and 'Red Spidei,' 1887 Ile wrote also the "well known hyinnsi "Onward, Christian Soldiers,' Now the Day is Over," and 'Through the Night of Doubt and Sonow," the latter being a translation from the Danish Tantalum is a rare tnetal, which finds important use in the m mtifacture of diffeient electrical instruments It wa» obtained furn Germany puor to IBU, but a process has been developed with m the last year for its manufacture on a domihei cull «.ule in the United States The metal is soft and easilv vvölLable, and at the same time it n, veiv lPsistuut to wet eouosion It is not attacked bj any and oi alkaline solution vv ith the tole exception of hydrofluoiíc add, 