"Bother England" WHAT MRS. l J iCKI,liS MEANT. fliy Sir Williaiii Beach Thomas, The i'ulluwing rslrocl from tlio "Daily Mail" (London) under dute of Ducunilier 4, is ol" a special interest 1o litis purlii-ulur portion of W'.A. Denmark, Western Australia.) "Oil, bother Kngland," so said ,,Xlrs. l'iokles, late ol' Ijiiueusliire, wlio expressed her place ol origin in Tier speech her vigor, her hospitality and her directness ol comment. J had asked her whether she ml to revisit her birthplace, , scarcely so direct a negative. She "bothered" England uot from .any disloyalty lo her iiret home, but because she was totully absorbed in her new home. Let me boil down the Pickles family history. Mr. and Mrs. Pickles arrived in Western Australia, poov in purse, but rich ill hope. He look work 011 the railway and alter lew years was able lo buy a I iccc of land near Eagle^llill in the South and to build himself a house there. Hound it now flourishes an orchard of 75 acres, ft) which he and his three sons attend. One of them showed me a single apricot tree, that last year yielded fruit to the value of £3/10/0. Behind the houst are 2501) acres of uncleared or seinii- learcd land comprising the bulk, but not the chief money-making part ol the Pickles Estate. Each year as more trees are riugbarked, to the end of their complete destruction, were merino sheep pick up a living in this attractive park. The laud increases in value •both as to capital and in the provision of income, with every year's possession by this lauded family. People in England will also ask j how in the world an immigrant with out a shilling, so soon became a landed proprietor of broad acres. The answer is sipiple. The most he paid for any portion of the lam- —which is freehold—was 10/- per acre, and Jie was allowed almost us long as, lie wished to pay for it. most of it was a great deal cheaper than that. Any good hard working mau ran get an advance from the agritliat improves the land. The loan cultural bank if lie is doing anything is specially earmarked for his specilir purpose; ior clearing land for planting frilit trees, for buying stock; for building a house. One can understand why Mrs. Pickles "bothered" England. She lives iu a roomy bungalow looking ovei a fair landscape; she has many neighbors. The cliuiate is not very cold in winter, or very hot iu summer. The rainfall is plentiful uud irrigation quite unnecessary. She can, and she will, sui>ply herself all the year with almost all that her cupboards require, "including grapes and sultanas, and currants, meal anil dairy produce. She is well-to-do, and her sous huvc u certain prospect of independence. The day alter visiting, the Pickles' estate 1 travelled further south to Denmark, so culled bemuse a prosperous dairying community was established there not long since partly thruugh the imitation of Danish methods. I met there another Lancashire fainilv the Todds, who have carved out of the forest n charming and rich dairy farm, carrying many i!iq|ail ;<xt' tows, mostfty yJersey or crossbred Jersey. It will be in the fanners' eyes the best wituess to the mildness of the climale that everywhere Jerseys nre the favorite breed, and are kent in the open all the year round. The men of whom I write have worked very hard, and have hud much more to endure than the state-aided group settlers now coming over. But they, too, had less hardship to suffer than the yel earlier pioneers. We asked the way of'one fine old •long-bearded mjafl who came" lout iu the early sixties. Before he achieved final success he lived jn the hollow of u. great karri tree where all his eleven children were born and bred. Such pioneering experiences are over, but the cheap land and'wide, unharvested spaces still remain there, they are ready for anyone who will take them up. 