By Hie Way. [By Mattik.1 Canadian Cattle r England. Canada is making a bid for some of the cattle trade of England. It is estimated that 2t),000 bead will arrive there during April . and Way. Already two consignments have arrived, and the efftct of this is that the price of cattle in the Irish cattle market baa dropped. ThiB will also cause a great reduction in the price of Argentine beef, but producers in that country are now trying to get markets in Germany, and arrangements have been made to send 50,000 head of stock and 60,000 tons of frozen meat to tbat country. Australian beef producers are not able to hold their ewn now, and the lower prices will necessarily affect their interests, too. European Production Increasing. Many of the European countries are new producing nearly as much as they did before the war, and practically speaking England seems to be the only market for their produce. It is estimated that the production of Danish butter is 12 per cent, above that of last year, the output uncrating to 44,000 casks -weekly and nearly the whole of the exportable surplus is scat to England. Last year 1 Sweden imported Danish butter, but this year aire is exporting again, and 'is now sending 6,000 casks a week to England. It is likely, too, that within few a months, Siberia will be exporting, so that the pro» pects of good prices for Australian butter in England are not too good. It evident, also, that within a short period some of these countries will be producing wheatjfor export, and the price will naturally come down. Postal Rates. A definite announcement on the sub ject of postal charges will be made by the Postmaster-General before the open- ing of Parliament. Several deputations in Sydney impressed upon him the weight and strength of the demand for a levisiou of present charges in the light of the changed conditions since the time when the necessary increases were held to be warranted. The whole question has been exhaustively considered with the aid of all available data. The Government seems disposed to make the best use of the argument that it is committed to a £9,000,000 programme of new works, including many new services not expected immediately to pay, in country districts. The Postmaster-General has pointed out that hitherto the department had to provide interest on a capital outlay of £21,000,000; in carrying out iha new programme it was necessary to make provision for ' interest on £30,000,000. The department shouldered 75 per bent of loss on many non-paying country services; on some it took the whole loss, and had to make provision for sew services of this category in addition to those already established, Any computations of the possible effect of reduced postage rates on the volume of postings were largely based upon assumption, and furnished no very safe guide. A curious reBult had been shown by comparison between British and Australian postal experience. The letter rate in Britain had been reduced laBt May from 3d to l^d, and this reduction had been followed by an increase of 4 per cent, in the volume of postings. The last increase of the postage rate in Australia* ljd to 2d in 1920, had strangely enough 'been followed by an increased volume of postings amounting to nearly 9 per cent. He admitted, however, that the latter experience was exceptional, and probably not a trustworthy indication that a reduction of the postage rate would not be followed by an increased volume of business. " Home Companions" for Australia. Recently there arrived in Sydney a party of girl immigrants introduced under what is called the " Rout" system, who will take up positions in the country districts of New South Wales as " home companions." Most of thea are under 30 years of age. Under the scheme initiated by Misses Rout and M'Callun preference is given to women under 25 years, and the age limit is fixed at 20—30. Each woman is preferably required to be possessed of 'at least £100 capital—£50 for passage money and expenses, and the remainder for a bank account in Australia. The Home Companions is an entirely unofficial and voluntary association, and each woman pays her own way entirely, landing in Australia a free and independent citizen. It is pointed out that in Australia there are many lonely, refined and cultured ladies on outback stations who stand in need of help and companionship, which ordinary domestics cannot supply. To meet the requirement is one of the aims of the Home Companions soheme. In addition to Liberal education many of the women have war service records in England or France. The young women were also informed before leaving London that abundant opportunities exist in Australia for women with small capitsl to set up in business such as drapery shops with a mending department, small canteens or tea shops, boarding houses, and—where water is available—laundries. Before embarking in private enterprise, however, Awfraii* the new settlers tot M are advised ryeVrtiTprder to live in ^ become accustomed to the country, cli mate, and people Labor Conference, Referring to tbe Labor Conference held recently in Melbourne, tbe " Age, inter alia, says :—To many good Anstra lians who slill vote Labor, while keenl.y regretting the influences by which of recent years tbe party has been weakened and perverted, these conferences become more barren and disappointing. There is not one word in.: the official reports this year to suggest that the gathering was concerecd with anything Australian There was no resolution touching any ou9 of the great questions affecting tbe well-being of this country and its people. No one had a proposal' to make about working the vast empty Northern pro vinces, or about the Commonwealth's development. There was no suggestion —if*we except a tangled and grotesque amendment to the objective-r-with tbe idea of establishing a better educated democracy ; removing the causes of illhealth and disease ; broadening tbe opportunities of the workers' children increasing the national wealth and power for the benefit of all the people ; or of setting free technical training in the skilled trades, so ti&t;^o many Australians may not be laborers attendant on immigrant tradesmen. The brains that were there were not concerned with making the Australian worker better off or of keeping his country the happiest and best. Perbaps there may be a notion that, like the blindly ignorant Russian Moujiks, free Australians will believe that all national and international blessings are blended is the canting word " socialisation." If so, the Communist labor men are strangely trustful. In recommending the watchword of famine crime, industrial conscription, corruption' and foreign propaganda, they are deluding themselves rather than the Australian workers, and- condemning themselves. Labor men of tbe old stamp who still attend these conferences, and who sit in Parliament, will realise some day tbat in a country like'this they eannot afford to curtsy to politics that are false and foreign. They must come out and fight the noisome thing, as many of their eons fought the enemy. Prohibition in New South Wales. The Good Templars Society recently waited on Mr Ley, the Minister of Justice for New South Wales, and asked that referendum on prohibition without conscription be taken in that i state. That gentleman replied that there was no likelihood of the Government taking a referendum without providing compensation. The Act provided for a referendum with compensation. All that was left to be done was to fix the date of the referendum, andthat would be done by vote of the House. - 