Personal A cable message Horn London states that Mr Lloyd George is still weak after his severe cold . A marriage has been arranged be- tween Miss Lois Booth; grand-' daughter of Mr J l . R. Booth, dian millionaire lumberman, and; Prine ; Erick., third son- of the; Crown.; Pfiat: of Denmark. He dentes' the C jpenhagen despatch stating that - tlie Danish Government had. deprived him of princely rank, because he .wats; marr\ ing- a Canadian. Erick say's that ne is only renouncing his' right, of succession to the throne. He will remain His Royal Highness; and assume the title of Count' of Roth&n; burg. - The friends of Mr Henry Gold-' smith will regret to learn that he is ' •seriot sly ill. Yesieidav application was made for probate to the will of the late Mr George Douglas Smith, retired 'super - intendent of police. Mr Smith, who died on 15th November, left personal properly in Victoria valued at ,£22.71 to his brothers. Lictit.-Colorel Lionel Hurley, who was ii.jr.red in the Warragul motor smash in which Mr Penieigh Boyd was killed, has undergone a special X-ray examination. Although the examination showed Lieut.-Colonel Hurley’s condition to be improved, it is expected that he wili have to under go several months’ convalescence be fore returning to the, Immigration De partment. It is unofficially stated that the Pre mier of Tasmania (Mr J. A. Lyons), who is also Treasuier and Minister for Rai'wavs, finds the strain of the two departments, with the cares of leadeiship, too much, and that ha proposer to relinquish control of the railways If he does this, the rail ways will be administered by Mr Guy, who h Chief Secretary and Minister for Mines. 'j’h.e body of the late Dr George Eric Mack-ay, of Bendigo, who died at St. . Bariiu lomew’.s Hospital, London, on *2stn October, arrived in Melbourne yesterday morning. The body will be entrained on Saturday morning for P.endlgo. and will be conveyed to the Preso/terian Church. A short ser vice- will be conducted on Sat-urdav aflernoon by the Rev. Wilfred Holt, of Sc. Andrew’s Church. Bendigo, and at its conclusion the cortege will pro ceed to the Bendigo ■Cemetery. 