The World Goes Round The first day of the Show brought a host of jolly country people into the city, and already the town buzzes with news of the wheat, sheep and beef. Al- though the heat continued until Sun- day, the cool change came then, and it looks as if the visitors are to have decent cool weather after all. ♦ ? ? « Mrs. Anthony liordern is to be one of the hostesses in July, at Polo time, and she has issued an invitation for a dance at Retford Hall. The old girls of the Church of England Gram mar School are also down for a dance about that time. * * * Mrs. Hubert Fairfax, who arrived in town from Queensland last week, is delighted with the progress that her Country Women's Association is making on the Darling Downs. A splendid branch has been established at Stanthorpe and others are cropping up all along the main Western line. * * * The Annual Meeting of the Bush Nursing Association, took place in the B.M.A. rooms, on Monday afternoon, and the addresses provided an. excel lent opportunity to country visitors to learn something of the struggles that country folk have to keep their nurses in the parts where everybody is hard up. Only last week came a despairing letter from Burraga saying that unless help could be got, their nurse would have to leave. The Coun try Women's Association has made a strong appeal to its Bathurst friends and it is hoped that this disaster, for one can call it nothing else, will be averted. ? ? ? ? Mr. Gregun McMahon, who is the heart and soul of the Sydney Reper tory Theatre, is to have a benefit early next month, and all friends of this delightful movement are supporting the evening which promises to be a tre mendous success. » ? * The Feminist Club was at home on Saturday afternoon to Miss Beatrice Osmond, who, as the guest of the af ternoon, gave an interesting address upon the work of the Joint Advisory Council of the House of Commonp. Miss Osmond is standing herself for election, to the House of Commons, in the Liberal' interests next year, and during this short visit to Australia, which .is quite. .unofficial, and simply as a_ health jnunt, .she' has been famil iarising herself with our divorce laws and health legislation. ? ? « ? There are now forty-one delegates in town, who attended the first annual conference of the country women, and those wwre the guests on Thursday afternoon at Tresillion Welfare Home for Mothers and Babies. The State Governor and Dame Margaret Davidson, D.B.E., re turned to Government House 011 Saturday afternoon, from Sutton Forrest, and this week, with a house full of guests, who ii* clude Lord and Lady fetradbrook, they have been busy attending tho show and a hundred and one other enter tainments. ? ? ? It is interesting to members of tho Victoria League to realize that the head of the delegation that is leaving England for Australia this week 011 tho immigration question, is headed by Sir William Wvndham, a relative or the Dowager Lady Litchenfiold, who is so well known to Australian visi tors, who attend the pleasant little at-homes at the Victoria League rooms in Eccleston ? Square. Lady Litch enfield is frequently the hostess at these gatherings, and her quick sym pathy and wide knowledge of the Do minions makes her a warm favorite with all the overseas peoples. ? ? ? * Can you talk French? If so a treat awaits you. The Alliance Francaise is playing Bluebeard's Eighth wife on the 31st, and it's going to be a real treat. Mrs. T. H. Kelly is leading the east with that very clever ama teur, the Danish Consul, M. Segeart. ? « ? ? Does anyone remember old Joseph Kretchmann, that quaint old' figure, all hair and smile, in its rumpled 'con- eertinery,' trousers and long rusty frock coat, that was for so many years a feature of tho musical world in Syd ney ? He died during tho war, bowed down by the tragedy ' that had over taken his country, Bohemia, and sad and ashamed at its loss of ideals, A wonderful old man was Kretchmann, with a love of little children that drew the littlest of them with a charm the like of which has not been seen since the days of the Pied Piper. His pocketB always bulged with toffee and jovs for his tiny pupils, whose lessons were a joy, and whose progress was remarkable. There was .always, before the kind old man a vision of the little ones who suffered, and many a time he contributed to their comfort, and now two of his former pupils are try ing to bring the others ' together, -'to form a Kretchmann club, and: it will be a sweet and graceful thing if thay can do so, and through it' w'ritfe iip a'mettio rial of help and kindliness for some little sufferers. It' will be a: monu ment that would have appealed to, the old man more than anything else in the world. 