i Agricultural Students One of the weaknesses of the sys tem of education at the agricultural colleges in the different States has been the lack of provision to enable the students, on the completion of their course, to establish themselves on farms of their own. . In many instances, of course, the lads have been the sbns of farmers, who have provided them with land, but in a great many cases they haye come from the homes of men engaged in commercial or pursuits other than those of a rural nature. In view of the unquestionably valuable influence exercised by properly trained students among the farmers in the districts in which they settle, it is surprising that the authorities have not pre viously realised the desirableness of facilitating the settlement of all available, particularly in the newer areas. Last year the South Aus tralian Government woke up to the position, and immediately took steps to remedy matters. - A bill was intro duced to Parliament providing for Government assistance to graduates of Rosewortliy College who desired to settle on the land. The measure was accorded a sympathetic recep tion. and ultimately was passed by both houses. Under it all holders of diplomas between 21 and 30 years of age are eligible to apply for land granted that they are recommended by the Principal of the College as j suitable. The. approved applicants are to be allowed to purchase farms in the settled areas, and to receive advances not exceeding £3000 for land, improvements, stock and plant. Repayments are to be made on a graduated scale, and interest is to be paid according to the ruling rates on a period basis fixed by the Com missioner of Crown Lands. Regu lations similar in general eCect to those relating to soldier settlers have been approved by the Government. Inspired by the action in the sister State the Victorian Council of Agri cultural Education has considered the advisableness of a like policy being adopted here, and a committee has been appointed to prepare a report on the South Australian Act, with special reference to Victorian condi tions. During February and March 13,688 bags of onions were forwarded from Crossley, in the Western district. From January to the end of March, 785G bags of wheat and 10.559 hags of oats were sent away from Beau fort. Heavy rain has fallen in different parts of New Zealand. Up to ten inches has been recorded in some dis- tricts. Receipts from the Leongatha A. and P. Society's annual show amount ed to £609. The expenditure was £570. Ingleby estate near Winchelsea, comprising 4150 acres, has been pur chased by SJx P. H. Loch, of Warr- nambool. A property of 130 acres at Dunns- town has been sold by Mrs Cody to Mr Thos. Green of 'Warrenheip, at £ 3 7 an acre. Potato crops in the Creswick dis trict are very disappointing. Many have withered off, and grubs are de stroying the tubers. Several ex-officers of the Indian army have had blocks of Melville For est and Wootong Vale (Coleraine dis trict) allotted to them. Mr W. T. Maloney has disposed of his property of 141 acres, on the Broken Creek, Narioka, to Mr "W. R. Pearce. at £20 an acre. The Koroit and Tower Hill Farm ers' Co- operative Society made a pro fit of £266 for the last half-year. A dividend of 7 I per cent was paid. Shares to the value of £200 were taken up by Minyip farmers at a re- VCUl IHVV, III VVIIUVVLIVU ItJt tliv financing of voluntary wheat pools. Information has been received from South Africa that the Union Government has increased the duty on flour by 13/4, making it £2/18/4 a ton. Mr G. F. Fisenhauei-, of Coolamon, has raised a fine sample of cotton without artificial watering, front seed supplied by the Department of Agri culture. Warrnambool Agricultural Society has decided to continue its experi mental plots for another year. An additional plot for nitrate of soda is to be laid down. The Closer Settlement Board has purchased Woolongoon estate, near Mortlake. The property, which com prises 15,000 acres, js to be subdivi ded into 40 farms. Cotton-growing prospects in the; Adelong district are encouraging, and experimental plots have given excel lent results. A much larger area will he sown next season. Owing to a large area having been worked up for fallow last year, farm ers in the Dookie district have been proceeding vigorously with sowing, despite the dry weather. Several farmers around Moorool- bark have located serviceable springs. Water has been obtained at from 12 to 20 feet, rising in some instances to within 6ft. of the surface. Operations have been resumed at the Maftra sugar factory. FarTbers have been warned to discontinue pumping from the river, so that the factory will have sufficient water. A proposal of the Charlton Council to borrow £5000 for the erection of a new hall is being opposed by local ratepayers, and the matter will, be settled by' a referendum on April 28. In view of the prolonged dry spell, a large area in the Stanhope district is being sown to oats and barley. Under irrigration, for winter feed crops put in some weeks ago are making vigor ous growth. Mr C. King, of Myall, obtained £55 a ton for U tons of broom corn grown on one acre. He also got 101b. of «eed. The land was fallowed, and the crop grew 14 feet high, with only two waterings. Farmers in the Bungaree district have discontinued ploughing owing to the hardness of the ground. Potato figging has been started, but crops are very light and many of them are infested' with worms. An animal which, during the past 12 months, had destroyed about 200 sheep on the property of Messrs Cam eron Bros, in the Violet Town district, was captured recently. It proved to be a big reddish dog, apparently a half-bred dingo. Representations are being made to the State Rivers and Water Supply Comissioners for the construction of another weir on the Werribee river to supply water for the suggested new irrigation area. Transport of sheep to the market by motor Is finding much favor around Albury. Last week 45 fat lambs were brought from Mullenganda, a uistance or i-o miles. The trip oc cupied two hours and the expenses amounted to 1/6 a head. Seven, applications were received for three river frontage blocks at a recent land board at Mildura. The following were recommended: — S0Q acres, J. C. Patterson; 814 acres, T. A. M. Cleary; 665 acres, E. E. Aspen. It has been officially announced that the first of a chain of woollen mills to be erected from Brisbane to Perth by Amalgamated Textures Ltd. will be established at Albury. The mill will cost from £100,000 to £120,000. A fire observation tower 8 Oft. high has been erected by the West Aus tralian Forestry Department in the Collie district. It is equipped with a telephonic apparatus, theodolite and range finder, and has already proved most useful in detecting bush fires. The New Settlers League proposes to open a small colony for Danish immigrants at Childers, in Gippsland. An effort will be made to get 20 or more Danish families to migrate to Australia and take up the land, some of which will be suitable for dairying. At the last meeting of the Council of Agricultural Education, the report showed a credit balance for the first time since 1917. The amount stand ing to the credit of the Council was £499. Tenders are being invited for the construction of a reservoir at Dookie at a cost of about £1000. A large number of properties have changed hands recently in the Pya- long district. The principal sales were: W. Connor's High Camp, to M. Hayes; J. Whalen, Nulla, to O. Malone-<r. Hagan's Emu Flat estate, to D. Rain- ey; G. Wine's Emu Flat estate, to W. Hayes; and E. Dickinson's Pyalong property, to J. W. Hayes. No restriction is to be placed by the Federal Ministry on the importa tion of maize. Owing to the dry sea son it is estimated that the demand for fodder will be in excess of normal requirements by 40 per cent., and it is expected that the production of maize in Australia will be only two- thirds of the usual quantity. Information has been received from the Premier (Mr Lawsonl t.hat the Imperial Government will not accept the recommendation of the agricul tural tribunal regarding wheat offal. The proposal was that, when Austra lian flour was imported into England, it should be a condition that for every 75 per cent, of flour 25 per cent, of offal must be sent. Addressing a meeting at Echuca in connection with the voluntary wheat pool, Mr Hill, M.P., said neither Mr Baker nor himself accepted any re sponsibility for the fact that finality had not been reached in five of the past pools, as complete statements of the position had not been received from Epgiandi The British /Govern ment was responsible. " " Finality has been reached by tho Bendigo Agricultural Society on the question whether the" present show grounds should be enlarged, or 'an other site obtained. At the annual meeting of the society last week, the offer of the city council to spend £7500 on improvements to the grounds provided the society spent £2500 was accepted. Producers in the border districts fit northern Victoria have not found it necessary to avail themselves to any extent of the help of the Rural Indus tries' Board for next year's harvest, but in the lower Riverina assistance has been sought by many settlers. There is a good supply of hay on the j farms, but in some districts willow ! and kunajong are being cut for the sustenance of stock. The question of imposing an im port duty on sheepskins will be brought forward when Parliament is reopened. It is asserted that thou- ; sands of skins are leaying the coun try each year in a dry state, and'that if the skins were treated in Austra lia, work would be found for many men who follow the callings of fell- mongers and wool scourers. Twelve entries were received for the fallow competition conducted by the Rupanyup and Marnoo A. and P. So ciety, "and the judge (Mr H. A. Mul- jett, senior, inspector oi agriculture; has announced his awards as follow: A. Edmunds (Marnoo) was placed first, with 99 points, out of a possible 100; R. Jackson (Burrereo), 96 pts. secondhand W. J. Hemphill (Rupan yup), 95 points, third. In connection with the Gippsland irf-igation scheme, landowners in the Maffra district complain that they are receiving unfair treatment from the State Rivers and Water Supply Commission, which is only taking over areas to be submerged, and leaving the balance on owners' hands. As matters now stand, it is contended that a man's living may be cut off at any moment, and he is ham pered in securing another place, ow ing to compensation not having been settled. The duplication of the Gippsland railway has been postponed to give the commissioners an opportunity to consider electrification of the line. It was nronosed to duplicate, among other parts, the section between Dan- denong and Nar-Nar-Goon. The esti mated cost of the work was over £400,000. With that sum, the Minis ter stated last week, it would be pos sible to meet a great deal of the ex- pense that would be incurred in elec trifying the line. Even if it were converted to electric traction, the line would doubtless be duplicated eventually. The Minister for Railways (Mr Barnes) announced last week that the completion of six lines was pro vided for in the programme of rail way construction in Victoria. Of these three are in progress: — Red Cliffs to Mfllewa North (35 miles), cost £175,600; Colac to Alvie (10 miles), £72,367; Won Wron to Wood- side (9f miles), £69,000. Three other lines to toe begun shortly are: — Annuello to Bumbang (191 miles), £107,000; Kerang to Gonn Crossing (16 miles), £96,000; Hopetoun to Pat- chewollock (271 miles), £125,000. tn addition to these six lines, the following have been authorised for construction, but have not yet -been started, owing to difficulties which have arisen since they were author ised: — Black Rock to Beaumaris (electric street railway 21 miles!. £34,638; Port Fairy to Yambuk, (111 miles), £80,000. 