Nim IMMIGRANTS A I'KIISUNAl, AI'I'ltAISKMIINT in \u Amivullaii IMriurr im a iinli v tal in wbern inn row were luBUeil daily \ bill" enn'leyed new annul I el i ail Ba. pri lull", 'I'be ma Jerllv Mine i'ip tilled In' h'lk-r Id (lie tint en it . "Ho, Una UP Wil VlOlf I BMIUI MI'-I'I 'M.s III al luip! rcdotci. Hu ll' IteUeml eiHulUel, lllld Ibelr un-s'Uli eomBlbni, uldeh, ol course, lltHimtlcB alleels our own. V, wllo wit III years of age, bad bsrn ' u aired in HlalsloW, Of Welsh exlvae- Hon, he Mrs pvelld tiousrsser id many Benin ha dim met a sheath Untie a Beam prise lor swtmnoiq. two lidles. 'Panned arms Were Hie i e.'dtli ef a nip mi n trump to New Yolk, His kit Was Id a small dlvlty bait, made by himself--, a Holy wonderful thtim of eanvaa mid hemp. lie waa a small worker, and bad nut s lutv but. III Ills lunl>. Ills "Wlui I shell I do to-M'.'" beliw In marked contrast ni.ulicd ibe usual apatlty, or slum Id I say niiHisuhy, lo work, lie read much, mainly novels of Ibe liae lift Hex Heaoli type, ami was an lo-Hve ebiireli ami social worker. All Ansae, be asstsled III pulling the llmi Held piece lido posllhdi. IlivalUV'il back lo Aiisd'alla, lie returned lo 1'Tnnew till peace was .leelared. then spent some uuillUis iii Jersey stiulylUK entile. Ho ilbl not think himself oalHilb'd to lake a repuirluHon farm, ami Is now "on the share Willi a small Jersey bead and tobacco plat 111 north- easi Victoria. May Hart line favor him. He worked and I'oURlu bard — for Australia. A clean- llvltifti ouliured gentleman — a credit to lb;! land of Ida' birth, and an asset lo Aus tralia. < < Y> was PI yearn of aire — son of n .lllr- mlURlinm Riiraiso proprietor. An ox- Territorial, ho was pleusure- lovbiR hut tem perate, A 1ln« iithlete and clever luixer. bo considered mnmiul labor on a farm de grading, and ciuno lo Melbourne. 1 have lust eight of him, but feel that Ids sti'oiut will and porsonul pride will prevent him drifting. f"f — iiRe about 22 — poor physlqtt, — had heon ' mueli al sen, and loved change. Beared In llovv road. I'oplnr. lie sorely missed tlio lllppodroiae, Marie I.loyd and George ltohey, Had Rood memory and Kill of observation — wlUiln three days lie knew ion cows hy name and which bulls they wont Into, "t cannot stick It," tie remarked, and shipped on a coal bout from Wiirrruitnhnnl. Ills Kngllsh wlto and children reside In Collins wood. "IT — Kmployed three years, iv lull youth from lihleford mid .Devon, with char- neterlsttn traits — cold temper anient. dogged determination. Insensible to hent or cold. Never n really Rood worker — his ml ml was preoccupied— would spend hours nmUliiK toy models or examining beetles. He may pos sibly llnit expresnlou lii a rurntliire factory, where lie Is now employed. "IA — A hnniiy lad of 15 years, direct from lliiriiiuto's. Ills mot Iter, an Oxford hitrmnhl, laid rolcgnted him to an sped Rrandiiiotlier, from whom lie had been taken lo Woodford school. When ho was exhibit - lint his pathetto Ittlto treasures I noticed a pallet pliato of a beautiful woman. With n yearnliiit tremor in Ids voice tie said, "'Phut Is my mother," and startled tne by adding, "She was never maiTi-d; 1 luiven't u pliato of my fattier," He rapidly became prollclrnt, and til 19.1-1 hud .lust been appointed cheese-maker In one of the larttcst private cheese Caetorlcs In the Still e. Ruthless war tuts laid him In an In valid's cot, Ji\ also from Woodford, a slolhl, thrifty luiy, iii demand as an Iiuiioni worker. On lenvlnit first employer he had Ills Ideyele, a "swiir," and t22, In slrlklUK eontrast lo the averniic have-a-Rood-tline- llll-inoiiey-ls- spent style,, lie camped iii an empty shire roller shed till re-cnitiiped. Vain provi dence! lie Kindly went Ills way, and now lies "somewhere In t'nntce." I fj. and 'IT were two yoiniK men who left ' their country for lis coed. ConilnR frntn Hull anil t.oiidon. th.-y com bined low Intsllecis and vlcloua marnls with nil aversion from work. 11 was Inevitable that they should he a harden on us In our KHols. More pleasant are recollections of T. an experienced .Danish farmer, who has sent tor Ida wlfo and Ilium children, iif a deeply rclhrtoliH turn, he was amar.-d at tlie imi" II nntleo taken of a farmer's lapse front nehdihorly conduct sueh as bloekhu; a drain or lurnliiR a newly-rnlved cow from the road Into his own padduelt and usliik the mill: until she was dry, when she wail turned ont'mtuln. In Denmark, he said, sueh conduct would he emmtered bv com plete ostracism, and (lui olTender would bo Kind to leave lluit purl of Ibe ceiimrv. lie was rani. "fimiit with the chondral niinlysos of manures and eolation of crops, lit, re marked, "Your Bhnkitspc.'iro snvs ,'Tliero Is sometbliiK rniien in Hie spite of Denmark.' 1 think Hie same of Aitsir.ilki .... mo years la-hind In husbandry. Von clve rood calf i-'iit to Ibe pips, and waste your liquid mil mire. Banners have inn mueli ground lo work: I lie Inspectors are net lu Ipers, and there are too few traliilne lann-seliools." lu eoneblillm;, I believe Hon Australia bun bencllled by the arrival of ilmso man, M'llb two exreptlons tbev were a highly re- epcrlnble type, and worked excellently under trying condition. 