? A'flre broko^t oii Thuraday mornne*sp»perg frojn?ftrdney to Albury. WheajVuiuilnglnt^Eistpr about halfpast Mtu flames Were notleefl to be IssiiW tram iffovf - "track ooifereA wUhaJtarpauiln.' 'Tjreflrt waa qiUckly '«id^igulshed ijr railway men with bufck*^ of water/ An Investigation diMTortd tfoU.a motor' ear' which was conslgiied f&'lltfeSliart had caught Are, presumably irem a spark from the englnel The paint was blistered and the upholstery diSakgadiirat the train proceeded on Its'Journey without delay. 1 • . • A young "Wagga resident, whose father recently trwBterred to him and his brother a business reputedly worth £50,000 Invested -p/- In a racing venture. He ha« b«n notified' that he won lint prize"talned at £4375. Aif American lawyer has prophesied that tits comlng world will be dominated by women. At toy rate, they can't ttskk a blgger neas of governing It than men havq done. • • • Kr W. Taulder, head master at the MaruUn public school, paid a visit to Tafia—lila native town—during the Ulchsenu lchBema8 holidays, j- to receive a Visit from Mr M. Dawe, of Da'ton, during the week. In the early struggles of the "Tribune" Mr Dawe was a constant and valued contrbutor to this, Journal. The' annual meeting of the Yass Cricket Association will be held on Saturday afternoon. Are-nnlon will be held In the Oddfellows' Hall In the evening. Winter of Gold Armlet.—Mrs. J. Mariol, Tare, has been declared winner of the Gold Armlet as advertised and sltown In A. J. Crowe's window, returning K one pound lids, of Fountain taking Powder. • • A meetlng-of the executive council of the : National Association will conalder the 8enate vacancy and recommend a candidate. • • • The' sod-tornlng ceremonies of the Moama-Balranald railway took place on Friday, and Saturday. This line Is the -first of the four railways lines provided* for In the border railway agreement. The functions were performed by M ys&nue;! Barnes, a former jilnlster tor Railways In Victoria, anB'Vr'^allr^Itpister for Railways In • : m. : ' • ..' Postal offlclals.refase to discuss the resufal to accept New Zealand penny poMage, as they are watting until Dr Page haa considered the matter. ..." . The minister for Defence says that there seems to'be a strong undercurrent against federation In Western Australia, particularly In Perth. • • * * Remarkable fogs in the English channel have been the cause of many shipping disasters. The French steamer Berville went ashore off Falmouth. She was floated off. and then was rammed by an unknown "vessel. The Brohonne. of the same' line, was rammed by a big liner, and sink. The crew were s«ved. Collisions occurred off Goodwin Sands. The' steamer Mokta rammed and sank the schooner Florence, « • * Mr E T. Fish, of Amalgamated •Wireless, states that arrangements are being completed to provide wireless services for farmers snd squatters. The njiject Is tn eliminate their present Isolation and assist them In their business and social life. • • • Provision hai been made for 400 extra polling booths for the Queensland, liquor poll, at which voting Is compulsory. * » All arrangements have been made for completing the taxation agreement between Tasmania and the Commonwealth. » • • . • Two clever recoveries of stolen Jewels have been made by Continental police. The robbery of £80,000 worth of jewellery from. Prtnce and Princess Giurtlnlanl led to the arrest of the •Prince's valet. '• • " At Berlin, the theft of £700P worth of jewellery from an;AmerIcah was reported. The wife oj.a wealthy Danish business man was ^arrested, and the jewels recovered. • • Public Interest in the Imperial Conference has been stimulated iiy'spectal articles and leaders In London newspapers. \ j a . Is ' The Diplomatic Correspondent of the "Dally : Tel egraph" remarks that the interest of forelgil' diplomats Is keeblyaronsefl. ^ • ' * • • 'r The '-'Dally Express? edltofially^ads jures'British politicians itp r}.aevoti • anore attenOon to the -iowinsleik' ; to .Burppe. -, ^ - ;-:- Slr Joseph Cook saw thftfihe Astsembly of the Leagu?^»MlbnB had, icMevWi pxtd ihad inoved a sUge|f^rtJisr^ri4 Up* ' : aimlned 'moTe (lirec- '-^Jlprojride i^»«pap,ot':aiiy Mt^Vt thejps^M^ot^.Gov- • China has •proteetrt against ber 1 ncn-seleotlon ^B'oxie : of the 'six nonpermanent members of the Leasue Council. • « m ' The Oretk N (e in reply to the decision of the Ambassador's Conference has been handed to the French Minis ter. | It' disputes tti» allegation th&t; Greek officials Tailed tn their duty.Tafciild complains that the pmalty 1b excessive. Reports recelrfed from Sofia of tfie recent rising state ttant Communists were summarily executed. The authorities acted mercilessly; Indeed, some ghastly stories are being: told of the wholesale executions. The Government has leased Arrawatta EBtate, near InverelV for five years as a training farm for migrants. Mr Wearne, Minister for Lands, stated It was hoped to put through 400 immigrants annually. The establishment of a -wireless station on Lord Hove Wand 1b strongly recommended by trie Commonwealth Meteorologist. The estimated cost of establishing the station fs given at £1300, and the upkeep would amount to £470 per annum. • » • The inquest concerning the death of William Hendersn -who was shot liy William Frewer parsons at North Lambton, has opened. Witness described the altercation between Renderson and Parsons prior to the shooting. A verdict wab' returned that dceased died fcom a gunshot wound in tbe head, feloniously and maliciously Inflicted by Parsons. For the month of September the Customs revenue Bh.ovs a decrease of £68,353. As they could not get a house, John Cheed, his wife, and five children— one of the latter being a baby a few weeks old—were coxnpelled to lire In a cart and a tent, fix a lane near Har row. The Hendon. Rural District Council prosecuted Cheed for failing to abate a nuisance—the nuisance being caused by Cheei's make-Bhfft home. The Bench solemnly ordered him to abate the nuisance, bnt their only suggestion as to how he could do it was that his family should move into the workhouse! Surely It "was unnecessary to dras 1 Cheed to Court to tell him that! With £ bashful smile on his honest simple facd, a countryman walked Into a secondhand, clothes-dealer's Bhop recently, and said:' Ton remember that coat I bought here yesterday for ten shillings? Yes; hut I never take back anything when once sold, sa.ld the dealer quickly- Oh. that's all Hght! replied tbe customer. I frnly wanted to tell yon that I found a twenty- pound note eem up In the lining. Perhaps the owner may call for it. 4U bourse he will, exclaimed the dealer, Capturing tlic noie. You are an honest man; here Is one pound for you as a reward, That -wilt be all right. And by the time that the dealer found out the note wa-. A bad one. the slmple-loolclns lad from the country had Vanished. Five years ago Tfathanlel Wilkin's deserted hla wife at Mae«tag. Re- ! cenfty a pamplet Issued by the Rei Tn- I ternational Labour Union fell Into her j hands. It was signed by har husband, j as the "national ors&nlslng; icorotary"'. So the son vent to London to see bis father. : He*fbuM film la a magnificent Buite'of offices, ihd In receipt of £13 a week.. This Hei organiser tried to turn his son out inrt refused to maintain his wife. . Bnt aa this Is not Russia he fcas-'tftteki brdered to pay £3/10/- weekly tc^rdsan&lnlaliffng; his Wlfe and three children. 