CHILDERS COUNTRY DANISH SETTLERS It) mt: KUI run up Tin: sitting. Sirs-I have respect for Mr. li. h. inn in, and I have aliens mainly' Miiiportetl times tallletuiiit. I regret that Mr. Our in bus "Italians in," upiiiirciitls without inanimate' kii'issItilgi« of what I can illegal to hull' and in a million of the S ulm.' m,.) Killed in' Hunt' Whinham held in (the Ionic, must rise at a treating of the mural of the New- South is' bringing, Mt. (Intent Mid violently -"literally, at the Emu.' ('mill r. mc held in (the long, Sentries!- hath no find it in and the (¡«iscitiuiftil's policy in purchasing estates in the Western I trust, may mihdisuluig them for the kettle meeting of returned Million, (in the ground! that it small interferes with the merino wool industry). To show that in this re short time he was sliniluightetl, in (the Ministry standstill within a few- times of it Went ci ii Dmtrul estate, comprising :i7,0«>0 shires, film it, while used as a station, outside n tiiiMii um trial of Lil bulk of mind, ,1,1HKI to AIKEN bombs, and mines!, as a minimum, loss) sheep. Since the subdivision into the legal age for selling settlers, it has prohibited 471) bales of wool tely all good class merino vvnol-n.lKX) dinner, and Ï_,01K) sheep being in bed." What I did say was reported verbatim in the "(Jealous Advertiser" of lVliri-«vr> '... is fnllosvif-"Vii'toHu-H record of land scullin, it was good. The bus tug of the s! t' h lull, in the whole, been well done, and in very few true fund initiated values been punt. 'The |iiii|S'i policy sins to open up ('main line, and main (line reality ui'it'Mllil«<> in funds illtiilllitlr* lit very busy prizes. The next family over to him) In ii., estates at reasonable prices. He hoped the authorities would be sure fill not to kill the native proceeded) of Australia wool. Tltr Senator mi'iil¡oneil this interesting feel that there were (C1,)0) lanolin wins in the Coin, tiiotiwt'ullli, raid "«W.iWO.tiOO worth of vi oil was prohibited per annum. Nothing but what was just and fair had yet been asked of l'lirliitmeitt by' the returned men," Is there' anything unfair or wrong in this hIkivu slnlt'iitt'iit? Ah Mr, Cannon know I asked him a long o.piiriciiru in a sum' export, and for many years was ii vii He for leading join mill on sheep and wool, "and I have always argued that the ii n g up t of Iwiiur twisted. when suitable, wits tennis ' Mishap aüsjtt lists, Most Ma_aV_*sJU-» Jsa«-|s«j«kiu«jt J rather than decreased, wool production, but, of course, as all in the trade know, in the vast majority of cases, tho value of the sheep and wool produced deterior- rates in a marked degree One cannot expect to disperse a merino stud that has taken 50 to 70 years to build up, and produce the same class.) of sheep and wool on mixed farms Mr Oman is out for challenges In the greatest friendliness, I will see. him to prove that I have ever done any thing but support closer settlement quite a different thing from the indiscriminate bursting up of merino studs, which give us the key to the world's markets for merino wool I would also ask Mr Oman to see the name of the Western District estate he refers to Now as regards the proposal to settle Dm sh families in what is known as the ( lukins Hills district in Gippsland, Mr Our in said "Amongst other things, the sum for declared that it was proposed to settle the Danish farmers on land that had been met ed to be useless", whereas what I said as reported in the "Age," was - 1 run the evidence which had been call ed the land which the Government had made available was totally unsuitable for the purpose It had been abandoned by the original settlers on this account, and to-dnt not one of them remained on the holdings It was useless Kcttlmg D Nish d ii) farmers on land which Any trains had already found utterly (insult I able for d saying I line is quite a different thing I run on r f i sub committee assisting the New Settlers I league in connection with the ch a r settlement of our lands I was re j owing to the general council by request., i n I am not one d ns was in) duty what practical men had said as regards this Civil ders country being quite unsuitable for dairying, If my information is wrong, the Lands department will, with else and pt unptitutle he able to put me right by supplying the following information When and how has an attempt made to settlement thiH Childers hill country, and euc ? inert detailed results regarding - (il "A in it a success (b) Dow mint of tin Holders fell into arrears' (c) flow in any of the original settlers are now on th blocks' I fear there can be few, if any, otherwise, how does the had become available for the poor unfortunate Danish families of dairy farmers who have had experience of last, treeless or lightly timbered coun- try so too different from the Childers Hill ennui of Gippsland I hope my life nation is wrong I am out to do my utmost in the interests of immigration and closer settlement to in) mind our greatest needs If Mr Oman, or anybody else, in Jirot any of my statements to be wrong I will be only too ready to acknow le lee mt mistake and express regrets - Yours, A, J. F. GUTHRIE. Geelong, May 18. 