THE CHILDERS COUNTRY While it would he highly inadvisable, and, indeed, improper, to paint the potentialities of any part of the State in exaggerated hues, with the object of attracting settlers, aov attempt to assess them at less than their true value would be equally undesirable, especially at a time when vigorous efforts are being made to stimulate the flow of im migration. Only on rare occasions, hap pily, have individuals gone out of their I way, apparently, to depreciate the op portunities offered in A'ietoria for addi- i tional closer settlement, and so far as i can be .ascertained their unwarranted; and unpatriotic actions have not had any noticeable detrimental effects. T.T, ->»-! ?fr via o i- +1 ftYllPi 7 that the allegations which have heen j made recently regarding the unsuitable- i ness of the Childers Hill country for closer settlement will be similarly in nocuous. That this area comprises a considerable number of holdings aban doned by the original occupiers is true. That fact, however, does not justify the assumption that the land cannot be pro fitably utilised under present-day con ditions. On the contrary, there is plenty of evidence that it Hill grow excellent crops of potatoes, turnips and oilier roots, as well as heavy stands of oats maize and rape, and, when sown down to pasture, carry quite a sur prising quantity of stock. So long is It since most of the former owners threw up their holdings that some misapprehension naturally exists respecting the reasons for their with drawal. They sacrificed all the heart breaking labor, and the not inconsider able sums of money which they had expended, not because of the inade quacy of the rainfall, or of the lack of soil fertility, both of which they found to be practically all that could be de sired, but on account of the insuperable difficulties represented by the absence of transport facilities, the neybr-tV-be-for- gotten bush fire which destroyed their- homes, in some instances,,' thdif: caltle and their fences, and pavedMhe way, ns it were, for the bracken, Tern - and- the rabbits. Another disadvantage V.'a , that most of the properties were altogether too large. In a brief but convincing letter pub lished in our Agricultural Section, Mr Alex. M. Gunn, of Thorpdale South, who has been in the district for many years, and has more than made good, notwithstanding tremen dous disabilities in the early stages, in cluding the destruction of his home by the great fire, graphically describes the possibilities which it presents to those who are prepared to proceed along modern lines. He urges that the area j in question should be cut up inio blocks of approximately 100 acres each, and ; that the proposed system of road con- struction should prov ide ready means of ingress and egress. For a long time the pioneers were obliged to transport till their household requirements and products on pack- horses, and when roads of a sort were made they were more or less inacces sible to many of the settlers. How any of these continued in possession of their properties is really astonishing. Only I men and women of indomitable courage and infinite resource could have held on as they did, and nobody, surely, could I be more deserving than they are of any ; measure of success which they have : achieved. In full truth may they be i proclaimed "the backbone of the coun- There can be only one possible bar to the early and effective resettlement of the country and that is the demand by the present holders of unreason able. or, at least, impracticable prices for the land. If the area can be secured by the Government at satis factory figure no time need be lost in making it available for occupation. No legitimate objection can be ad vanced against the proposal to estab lish some Danish settlers there, un less it can be shown that there are men of our own State prepared to take up all the blocks. Whether the settlers be Victorians or Danes, or both, there is every pros pect of their winning success, par ticularly as the Minister for Lands (Mr Oman) has insisted that at least one-fifth of the holdings shall be allotted to young men of the neigh borhood, who are familiar with the local conditions, and the best methods of treating the soil, as well as the most suitable crops to cultivate. Whether they engage in potato growing almost exclusively, or com bine that pursuit, to some extent, with dairying, for which the country is admirably adapted, they will have a tinueh .brighter outlook than had those wh-o preceded them. .jvT-Wiie will be no jungle of big tim ber and heavy scrub to clear, and the comparatively small size of their blocks will necessitate the prompt suppression of the bracken fern, and the utilisation of the land to its 'greatest capacity. Unlike the pioneer settlers, tliey will have no need to experiment, but will be in a position to go straight ahead, fortified by the often dearly bought experience and the extensive knowledge acquired by those already well established in the locality. Furthermore, and finally, they will have good roads, with only a moderate gradient, over which to cart their products to market — an advantage the importance and value of which cannot be over-estimated in tbe hill country. 