SUMMARY WEATHER FORECAST— Mostly fine in eastern and north ern districts. Cloudy and unset tled : inland, with showers in tho south-west, spreading eastward, but mostly over southern areas. Northerly winds, and somo coastal fogs. Wintry weather prevailed in the . .city late last night. German Communists — Tho German town o£ Gelsenkirchen is under Communist rule, and working through four trado unions. At a meeting of tho unions, the first step, was taken to form a now police force. Tho "Daily Chronicle" correspondent reports that Communist terrorism Is spreading throughout tho Ruhr. Thero is littlo doubt, ho adds, that tho ;rising was inspired and financed from Moscow. Other Cable News — The difference between the Greeks and the Turks has been settled at Lausanne. Mr. Baldwin will combine the Brit ish Prime Ministership with the Chan cellorship of the Exchequer. Mr. M'Kenna will take over tho Chancellorship when ho recovers irom Illness. The, remainder of the Ministry is practically unchanged. There Is every prospect of an air ship service to Australia being ac cepted by the British Government this week. A- distinguished American group re ports that thero is no antagonism be tween science and religion. The Chinese Government has de cided to storm tho stronghold of tho bandits who hold 'foreign captives. Tho American Navy Board holds that the battleship is still the back bone of modern fleets. A bomb exploded aboard a Danish cruiser, and wounded fifteen men. Captain Amundsen will commence his .North Polo flight from Alaska ou June 20. Considerable sniping at military posts in Dublin was returned by jnaclihic- gun fire. As the result of a bomb outrage at Warsaw University, a professor was critically wounded. Owing to low prices, a firm of Aus tralian exporters is inquiring as to the possibility of having 40,000 sheep shipped back from London. Premiers' Conference — The standardisation of electrical power throughout Australia, was dis cussed at the Premiers' Conference on Saturday. Conference agreed that each of tlio States should investigate its own re sources, and that an advisory board he appointed. Tho Premiers failed to como to any decision on the subject of science and industry. Tito Federal proposal for a Royal Commission on National Health was opposed by the Premiers. During the day tho Treasurers con ferred on taxation reform. Cracksmen Busy — Safeblpwcrs visited Newblade's con fectionery factory and Gordon Mart- and Sons iron works at Alexandria during tlio week-end. Three safes wore blown, hut, so far as is known, tho booty amounts only to 9s. Tho way tho work" was carried out proved that tin experienced gang had been 011 tho job. Monaco of Germs — A more rigid supervision of but cher shops, restaurants, cafes, and tea rooms Is suggested. Tho City Health Officer proposes a license fee, tlio revenue to bo devoted to carrying out 'a highly ellicient in spectorial system. He points out the menace to health in tho condition of somo of tho busi nesses mentioned. General — An outspoken article on Mr. Hick- son's mission, written by Mr. Hughes, is published. Broadcasting on a largo scale in Australia should bo possible in a few weeks. Tills prospect is the result of tho re cent conference in M'clbourno for the framing of broadcasting regulations. A few moro freo laborers have been put on to load small coal at "Whitburn colliery. Attempts were mado to destroy tho bridge on tho Whitburn colliery line. Tho hunt for Roy Governor proceeds witli unabated energy, but with no re sult. Tho police appear to be absolutely baffled. Tlio cold snap yesterday provided, in the city, tlio lowest thermometer read ing of tho season — 15dog. A breach lias occurred between tlio Federal Government and the Returned Soldiers' Association. Tho association charges neglect to give preference to returned soldiers in recent appointments. Voternns of nianv wars took lia'rt ill tho celebration of Comrades' Day 011 Saturday. The first depot for Sea Cadets ir. Australia was opened on tlio f'arra- mntta River 011 Saturday. Tho water frontages at High Street wharf, Kirribilli, havo been reported sold to a Sydney syndicate. Covering an area of about two acres, the Kirribilli purchase will probably be utilised for the erection of fiats. Tho Acting-Premier (Mr. Oakcs) dis cussed with the Prime Minister tlio N.S.W. immigration agreement. Air. Bruco lias instructed the High Commssioner's olllco to completo the agreement as amended. Tlio four survivors of the wreck of the schoner Amy Turner- arrived in Sydney yesterday. Sporting — In winning tho Canterbury Park Handicap on Saturday Kilkeo regis tered his third consecutive success. -Tho Brisbane Thousand, run at Al bion Park, was won by Admetus for tiie second time. Tho Royal Automobiio Club's one- day reliability test was won by R. J. Greenliam's Fiat in A class, and W. J. Stuart's Essex in B class. Tho Soccer match between New Zoa- land and New South Wales at "Went- worth Parle ended in a draw — 2 nil. N.5S. Universities won tlio second Rugby Union fest against Sydney Uni versity by 26 points to IS. There were several surprises in League Rugby on Saturday. St. George bent Glebe by 10 points, and Western Suburbs accounted for, Eastern Suburbs. After n wonderful exhibition of box ing Godfrey (N.S.W.) knocked out Bradley (Q.) ut the Stadium in the 20th round. Four now players will figure in the N.S.W. Soccer team to play Victoria on Juno 4. Tlio Davis Cup tennis team will give nn exhibition in Sydney next Wednes day prior to their departure for Ame rica. E. E. Austin established a new State walking record on Saturday by cover ing six miles in 4Sniin. llscc. . MAIL NOTICES. Tho mail notices will bo found to- . day on page 6. k . 