Aiisfralians Abroad* (By A..T.W.) ' '? LETTER No.. 6 NEEl) Ot' ADVERTISING AUS TRALIA- During our stay at. Hyde Park (London) for the past few weeks, I . could not help noticing that the London Press, as a rule, makes only sranl reference to tho general doings of tlie Australian Commonwealth. . Cqrtaiiily cabie or wireless news ap pear occasionally emanating from tlifi Oovernment of one or' oilier ot tlio Australian States, but. considering ili.*. r Imnnrtnnnn nml nnHfiihil! tids ' of Australia, I ' db not think Australian affairs get fair treatment. \- on this side of the globe. This tiues t.lon should certainly receive ample consideration at the hande of roBpon sible delegates at the forthcoming British Empire Exhibition to be held at Wembley from April to October . next year. By the way. Sydney and Melbourne papers aro daily inundat ed \Vith news of very often a trivial character from British, European and American sources and, to me, it appears inexplicable that Australian affairs do not get bolter recognition at Home from the source referred to . . v DANISH BUTTER A few days ago Sir Joseph Cook i Higir commissioner lor iiunLraunj mid Sir George Fuller (Premier of ? New South Wales) went out to Wembley, site of tlie proposed Exhi bition, to tSk'e place, next year, i 'yiltun Lady Cook turned the first sod of the six-acre area to bo allotted for the display of Australian ex hibits. On that occasion Sir Joseph said, 'Here beghineUi the dressing of Australia's shop windows.' He said we wore out to do a big thing for Australia- Hi? further made an unqualified assertion that Australia was able to produce all tbe foodstuff England requires. Very best butter in the. world can be made in Austra- t lia, which has the best climate, low est death-rate aiiil a hardy manhood. 'Sir George Puller stated tli'at on . a previous occasion when on a visit to London the manager o£ the hotel wiiere lie was staying took hint (Sir George) to the store whercu the best . Danish was offered for sale, and ho . found that the butter was actually supplied from a cask of butter, as -a iiiiatter of fact., made on his own estate in New South Wales. Inci dentally I may mention here that as far as :l have been able to ascertain not a single retail shop in London sells Australian butter as such; they give it an assumed name. Indeed, generally it is sold as best Danish. Obviously, this is a matter that re quires investigation because why should ail illustrious place like Aus tralia be compelled to sell its pro duce under an assumed or foreign name, when its butter is cnpable and does rank in tho forefront of tho world's staple products? IMMIGRATION. Sir George Fuller's recent mission bore in the interests of Immigration has- evidently beeii successful. Ade quate practical training is to bo giv en immigrants and financial facilities to be arranged for on easy terms o£ repayment. The repayment of ad varices for stocking and equipping the newly acquired farms, would, under the agreement, extend over a \- period.. 'ot 20 years. The scheme is considere'd' of utmost importance and should readily Induce a steady flow of sturdy young men to . the sunny lands of New South Wales. Tlie above scheme is to be worked under the Rural Credits Scheme ini tiated by Sir Joseph Carruthcrs. TRIAL OF' IRISH DEPORTEES. At the Bow . Street Police Court a few days ago, I heard the preliminary trial of Messrs. O'Brien, Sean O'Malioney, Sean McGrath and Michael Galoim (Irish deportees) who were charged with seditious conspiracy. G.P.O.. LONDON— SORTING DEPARTMENT. I- had the privilege of looking over the sorting department of the Gen oral Post Office in King Edward Street. E.C.. My guide was good enough to give me some interesting information regarding the interior operations of the gigantic institu tion. I learnt there were approxi mately' 1500 receiving and other offices in tho city, that there were 1900.. postmen and 10.000 collections froiii ' the pillar boxes, etc., were made daily. Sorters and porters re presented 1200 employees and up wards of one million letters were started on every morning to com mence. the day's operations. By (he means of a small mechanical contri vance letters were counted at tho rate of 600 per minute. Letters known as blind letters (or those with insufficient or indecipherable addresses) were received dailv to the number of 4000. These were di-alt'wlth by special ofiicers of the Department. Daily thousands ot letters are placed in trays for out-' side distributing centres and arc con veyed by means of an electric tube system, to a radius or six or seven jnlles from tlie head office. ' WOOD BLOCKING STREETS- ? III consequence of the luice traffic in London streets, gangs .or men are constantly taking lip and re- blocklng tho streets. At, present a good por tion of. Oxford-street, from Selfridge towards the Marble ' Arch is under' repairs and all over-ground traffic Is greatly Impeded. The section refer red to is , to be laid with 0 x oln Russian . deal, blocks. Theso are first pickled and after being placed in position are treated with a prepara tion of tar- and pitch. About twelve million blocks are . packed on foot paths to complete tin; work;''. 