SUMMARY. -. « '? - A proclamation has beon Issued In Germany I prohibiting the holding'of outdoor meetings. This is aimed at the Communists, and it 1B believed that a critical phase Is imminent. It Is stated that the collapse ot the mark has pUeti a tremendous Impulse to all forces of discontent and disorder. One correspondent declares tjiat the country 1B rapidly drifting to anarchy. M. Foincnra has framed a reply " to the British proposals. The Belgian Government will reply separ ntcly, but In the samo sense. Diplomatie and consular relations with Tur- key will be re-established as soon as the l'Mce Treaty Is lu full torco. The Indian Government has cabled to the British Government expressing its gratification for the signing of the treaty. Mr. Lloyd George's next article will deal with the Lausanne Tieaty. An aeroplane controlled by ' wireless flow from Tails to Tours and back, a distance of SSO miles. Insulin was the subject of a discussion at tho Congress of the British Medical Associa- tion sitting at Portsmouth. Dr. Banting stated that there wore certain types of diabetes for which Insulin was use- less, if not actually harmful. * The "Morning Post" draws attention to the Importance of crulBers In the naval defence of tho Empire. It is pointed out that no provision has been »nudo to replace cruisers ten or twelve years old Bight hundred strikers have resumed work .t Tilbury, despite Btrong pickets. This is an Increase of 400 on the previous day. A serious encounter between the strikers und the police occurred in tho vicinity of the Rojal Albert Dock. The casualty list of the railway disaster in Bulgaria has Increased. Tho deaths now num- ber 200, and the Injured 300. The British Government Is giving full sup- port to Hungary's appeal to the Powers to raise a loan on her behalf. The House of Commons Select Committee has concluded ita inquiries Into the publish- ing of roportB of divorce cases. v It Is holloved that the report of tho com- mittee will recommend important restrictions regarding the matter published. The Judicial commltteo of the House of Lords has affirmed the Appeal Court's finding regarding the Crown and claims for debt. The Appeal Court had lield that the Crown had no prerogative to require payment of Crown debts in priority to all other creditors. Nine more of the criminal patients who escaped from an asylum in Chester (United Btatos) have been recaptured. At Copenhagen, E. "W, Carr won the 200 metre race, boating the Danish record. It Is announced that Dempsey and Flrpo have signed an agreement to meot for the world's boxing championship. - Dr. Earle Pago, Federal Treasurer, de llvered lils Budget speech in the Houso o£ Representatives yostorday. He stated the year's revenuo at £04,720,035, and the expenditure at £03,700,485. Customs revenue amounted to £32,872,129, postal to £9,792,273, and the rest was de- rived from other sources. Loan expenditure tor the year was '£7,140,043. and there were redemptions ot loans amounting to £7,109,420. Including the surplus o£ £1,020,160 on the year's working, tho accumulated surplus is now £7,428,574. A reduction of £259,032 in tho estimates tor Um Treasury nrlses from the proposed removal of duplication in levying and collect- ing taxation. The estimated revenue for the financial yoar 1923-24 is £G1,943,200-a decrease o£ £2,770,000 over last year's receipts. A flat rate tax of 1/ in the £ on companies In proposed, in place ot tho tax on undistrl-, buted profits. A bill to be introduced will provide for a board ot directors for the Commonwealth Bank. The Commonwealth Shipping Lino and the Cockatoo Dock aro to be placed under a board. A loan council to act as an advisory body W11 consist ot the Commonw.oalth Treasurer and those of the States. This will determine in what order the Com- monwealth and States shall come upon the local money market, Tlio income tax will remain, but postal charges will bo reduced. At tho annual meeting of the Sydney Cham- ber of Commerce the president referred to Goiernmont interference in commerce. People were lear'ning, he said, that the tariff »a fixed by Parliament, was only a skeleton. The Tariff Board decided what duties should be levied, for tho time being. Nobody know when they might bo varied. Tho dumping duty on South African maize »bowed how lntra-Emplre trade was being "fostered," he continued. Members of Parliament should see that Customs duties wore fixed by tho votes ot tutu Chambors. Bureaucratic control oí the tariff was the last thing which Bhould bo tolerated. Tho Royal Commission, to inquire into the loes uf tho steamor Sumatra began tue taking of evidence yesterday, A representative of employees unions retired Irom the court when told that tho inquiry coula not go beyond the Sumatra. Two hundred immigrants from the United Kingdom arrived by the steamer Berrima yesterday. Most of them were the wives and families of settlers in various parts of the State. Figures relating to immigration show that inba Immigrants have landed in this State Oui lug the last six months. A serious position appears to be developing In the cane-growing Industry at Clarence hiver. The union cutters refuse to accopt reduced ïntes offered by some growers. The growers have refused to meet the union cutters In conference, and have given them S) hours to^ start work. It Is feared that sugar may bo declared rblnclt," nud mill hands be called out, thus trevcntlng crushing. Tho formation of a country section of the Bute Parliamentary Labour party was dis- cussed yesterday. No decision was reached, but a meeting will tv held on Monday to settle matters. In the House of Representatives last night tho Ministerial suggestions respecting Can oerr.1 were agreed to. The Tarli! Board Bill was then considered. Mid a storm of protest was raised against lorne of its provisions. ' The South Australian and Western Aus- tralian Parliaments were opened yeBterday. Addressing a meeting of employers yos tevdny the State Attorney-General spoke at .orno length on arbitration. Uo bolloved In negotiation In place of liti fatton in industrial matters, ho said. He also said tho most important question In our industrial world was adjustment of the Mato and Federal jurisdictions. Deputations advocating rival linos of rail- ways in the western district waited on the alinistcr for Works yesterday. Mr. Ball said ho had asked the Railway commissioners for an exploration report on til» proposed lines. Members of the Verbrugghen quartette were .ntortained nt luncheon yesterday by the Musi- cal Association of New South Wales. Values for sheep at the Homebush sales yesterday were strong, and the quality of the offerings was better than of late. Good trade qualities of cattle were firm, »ut medium and plain sorts were not so »irons. Forecast-Temporarily fine In the southern «'stricta, with night frosts and fogs. Other- wise generally cloudy and unsettled, with rain ana thunder, chiefly In the north-enBtern quar ;"r: Squally s to SB winds, with rough seas Coast0T6 y ia!lB on the CBDtral and Nortl1 . Sh« "Herald" ladex appears en pace 10a -- 