AN IRISH "INVASION" OF SCOTLAND. Our readers may have gathered from recent paragraphs in our Irish News that there has been a great deal of talk about; the peril of "an Irish invasion" of Scotland. The use of the word "in vasion" in this connection has rather a paradoxical sound. One would have thought, judging from the records of modern history, that Ireland is far more liable to invasion from Scotland than Scotland is from Ireland. As a matter of historical record, a Scotch invasion of Ireland on an extensive scale took place some 300 years ago, when James I. of England and VI. of Scotland, carried out the scheme of planting North-East Ulster with Pro testant colonists from Britain, which had proved unsuccessful under Eliza beth. The only difference was that Scots formed the principal portion of the colonists, though the City of London had a large share in the plantation of Derry—a fact testified to lay the hyph enated Anglo-Irish name of its capital, Londonderry. If it is a fact, as asserted by the Scottish Presbyterians, that the Irish are now invading Glas gow and threatening to replace the Protestant religion in Scotland by the old Catholic faith before the close of the present century, then it is only an other instance of the manner in which Justice Time redresses old wrongs. It is also an illustration ■ of the fact of how bigotry over-reaches itself; for it is largely the Irish Catholics who were driven out of Belfast through the bigotry of the descendant! of the Scotch planters under James 1., who have been flooding Glasgow in recent vears. After all, if the Gaels of Ireland again become the predominant rare in Scotland, it will only be a restoration of the ancient order of things. We know that, long before England had in vaded and annexed the two countries, the Milesians, the ruling race in Ireland, had planted a colony fn Alba, or S:ot land, which eventually be:ame the Kingdom of Dalriada of Alba, and ob tained home rule from the mother country, ranking as equal with the four Irish Kingdoms proper under the Ard-Righ, or High King of Ireland. The Gaels of Scotland, who first settled in the islands and the highlands of Scotland, were pushed eastward from their original seat by the Danes and Norsemans, and in turn displaced the Picts and established their King, Ken neth McAIpin, as the first Gaelic King of the chief part of Scotland. * It is through him that James I. and the Stuarts claimed descent from Fergus, the first king of the Irish or Scots in Albion. Up to this time the Irish had been generally known as Scots, and Ire land as Scotia; but gradually the name was restricted to Scotland, and the Norman appellation of Ierne (Erin) or Ireland was applied to the parent country. It is interesting to recall these his torical facts in view of the appeal to bigotry and prejudice recently put for ward by a joint committee representing the Church of Scotland (the State Presbyterian Church, of which the King is head) and the United Free Church of Scotland, which refuses State aid and repudiates State control. That committee was appointed according to the London correspondent of the Melbourne "Age," because "the rapid increase of the Irish Roman Catholic population in Scotland is caus ing alarm to the people of Scotland and to the authorities of the Scottish churches."; and he®appended the full text of the report, which occupied over a column of the "Age." The report says"Compelled by the economic pressure of the Irish race, young Scot tish men and women—the flower of the nation—left their native land and sought to build up their fortunes in America and the Dominions. It was certainly to the advantage of the coun tries to which they went that the best of our Scottish people should have gone there, but it was a grievous loss to the land of their fathers. Their places were taken by a people of a different race and a differ ent faith, and Scotland has been divid ed into two camps—a Scottish and an Irish. There is no parallel to these movements in modern or in ancient times. It is a thing unprecedented that one race should gradually, by peaceful penetration, supplant another in their native land. For this is what is happening." . The compilers of the report have evi dently forgotten what happened across the sea in Ulster, where Irishmen were replaced by Scotsmen. They have also forgotten that Scotland has always been noted as a poor and barren coun try, whose sons were eager to settle in richer^ and more favored lands. When James 1. succeeded to the Eng lish throne and united the two crowns, the English complained that there was a rush of "beggarly Scots" to London to share in the Saxon spoils. These in dividuals were chiefly lowland Scots, in whom there was, as in England, a-large admixture of Saxon, Danish, and Nor man blood, and whose tongue is as much a dialect of English as the dia lects of the northern English counties, like Yorkshire and Lancashire. The Gaels of Northern Scotland, like those of Ireland, held aloof, and stuck to their own customs, language and attire, until English laws compelled them to conform to those of the hated "Sass enach." James himself was em barrased by the rush of needy Scottish adventurers to England, and carried out the plantation of Ulster largely to get rid of them and placate his Eng lish subjects at the expense of "the mere Irish." It was (if we are not mis taken) the English poet, George Gor don Lord Byron, who penned the stinging couplet on the race from which he himself descended "Had Cain been Scot, God would have changed his doom Not forced him wanderer, but confined him home." The Presbyterian report cites figures from the "Catholic Directory" and other sources to support its conten tions. It says that there is "a total population of 2,070,000 in the Roman Catholic diocese of Glasgow, embracing Lanarkshire, Dumbartonshire, Ren frewshire, North Ayrshire, and a small part of West Stirlingshire. Of this great population at least 450,000 are Iri'h—that i- to say, that in the crowded industrial area of the west al most every fourth person is Irish. In Lanarkshire alone, the most populous county in Scotland, soon every third person will be Irish." But this in itself is not the chief reason for alarm. The growth of the Irish population is out of all proportion to that of the Scot tish. The Irish population has almost doubled in the last 40 years, while the Scottish has decreased 18i per cent. The report trier to give this a sinister meaning by insinuating that the infer ior conditions under which the Irish live drive out the superior Scottish people. It says:--"It is, in fact, a sober and restrained prophecy to say that through the operation of the var ious factors now at work—immigra tion of Irish and emigration of Scots, disinclination of Scots to work along side and live among Irish partiality of Irish foremen for employing Irishmen — the great plain of Scotland stretching from Glas gow in the west to Dundee and Edin burgh in the east, will be soon domin ated by the Irish race " Of course nothing is said about perhaps the most prominent factor in the Scottish decay, the falling birth rate, due to birth con trol, while the superior morality of the Irish, based on their Catholic faith, tends towards fecundity. It is the same factor which makes France fear Ger many so greatly. Space does not permit us to deal fully -with the discussions on this re port in the various Presbyterian As semblies. We will merely quote from the London "Tablet" some enlighten ing comments on the discussion in Glasgow. "Catholics in Glasgow'" says our English contemporary, "are com mitting in the eyes ot local bigots the unpardonable sin of increasing and multiplying. The morality which give6 them a higher birth-rate, in an age when race suicide makes havoc of social strength outside the Church, is overlooked as one of the factors in the situation; all that is considered in the circumstance that Catholics as such are making headway on the Clyde, both in numbers and in influence. The Glas gow Presbytery, therefore, have con sidered the matter and "decided that they would like to do something about it It was proposed to the Presbytery to appeal to the Clyde Trustees and the prominent shipping companies 'that really in Glasgow the situation was so serious that jobs should not be given to people of alien extraction and sympathy while there were decent Scottish people able and willing to do the work.' In other words, the big employ ers in Glasgow are to be asked to deprive Catholic employees of their livelihood, exactly as was done in •Belfast, by barring them from the ship yards." The proposal, however did not meet with general public approval. In the press controversy which followed the bigots had the worst of it. In the "Glasgow Herald" for April 2 is a letter from the Rev. John M. Charleson, of Croy, putting the ■ case against the bigots very plainly and dispassionately. Father Charleson himself is, as he ex presses it, "Scotus Scotorum"; before his conversion he was a Presbyterian minister, and his words carry weight. The real motive of the present anti Catholic attack hev- exposes in a few pregnant sentences. '"Many of our men," he writes, "in the mighty turmoil of the war, became aware of the great ness of the Catholic Church and of its beneficent influence. . . . And they came back with a new religious orienta tion. Instead of keeping up former bigotries and hates, they spoke with a tone of sympathy, and even admira tion, of the old religion. The general waning of belief in Protestant forms of Christianity rendered people all the more ready to give some heed to these admirable sentiments, which, if not counteracted by adverse or retrograde influences, would cause a vast improve ment in our social fellowship, a noble sympathy with, and respect for, the re ligious convictions of all. however much they may differ from ours." It is this state of affairs, and the steady though slow increase of the Catholic Church in Glasgow, that, as Father Charleson explains, has been gall and wormwood to the Church's adversar ies in the city, and has brought about the present agitation. 