Bright Future. AUSTRALIA'S BUTTER TRADE. PROSPECTS OF BRITISH MARKET ,MR. MBARES OPTIMISTIC. 'It Is galling,' said Mr. C. E. D. Meares at the meeting of the Coastal Farmers' Co-oporativo So ciety, Ltd., 'to see buyers in Lon don secure lots of Australian butter, take it away, and blend it with larger quantities of Con tinental butters. 'Dut once xne people -u chd land began to eat the standard ised butter that Australia can send, they will effectively shut out all blending and margarine. That Is something you can anti cipate in the future.' To show how Australian butter is gaining In favor, Mr. M*aro9 quoted one London trader, who . declared that although some peo ple preferred Danish butter, his firm handled only Australian and New Zealand butter, and found it the best butter in the world. ! Optimism concerning the future of ; the dairying industry In Australia ? formed the keynote of an interesting j address by Mr. C. E. D. Meares, gen eral manager of the C.F.S., at the annual meeting' of shareholders of the company held at the Richmond Hall, Lismore, on June 28. The acting chairman. (Mr. R. M. Dowle), in introducing Mr Meares, re ferred to the fact that the Federal and State Governments had paid him the distinct honor of despatching him on an important mission to Great Britain to investigate trading pros pects. The board at the time could ill afford to spare Mr Meares for this work, but knowing that his careful training and intimate knowledge of Australian conditions would enable him to take up the work successfully, the board had gladly consented, and personally he (Mr. Dowle) was glad it had done so. The State Premier, Sir George Puller, in alluding to the appointment, had stated publicly that he considered there was no man in the State better qualified to fill the position than Mr. Meares. The possibilities of the Empire Ex hibition and trade development were great, and the immigration scheme to be put into operation at an early date was fraught with such import ance to them and the knowledge pos sessed by Mr. Meares had served him to great purpose. FUTURE OF DAIRYING. Mr. Meares prefaced his speech by remarking that .at every meeting o£ the company prior to the war, and at every meeting since, there were some good people they met ?wffii who were quite pessimistic with re gard to the future of the dairying in dustry. These people had predicted dire disaster. They affirmed that Aus tralia and the world was overpro ducing, and that other countries .?were going to swamp London with butter. It seemed to him that he could with advantage that day review very briefly the position of the world with regard to dairying, and see ex ? actly what strength there was in this pessimism. In the .first place, less than a decade ago Great Britain was drawing the bulk of its supplies from the countries north of the Line. The position to-day was reversed, nnd Great Britain was now largely dependent upon the southern hemis phere for her supplies. Surely this was a cardinal fact which gave them a big assurance for the future of the dairying industry. At the present time trade in tho European countries was in a chaotic condition, but this was not going to last for evor. One immediate, result, however, was Great Britain's trade had been more or less seriously af fected, and this in turn had had its reflex in the Australian trade. But with the revival of confidence on the Continent one of the first countries that would benefit would be Austra lia. There had been a feeling abroad recently that because prices were lower in London since March, there was serious trouble with the industry there. He could assure them, how ever, that since his departure from England high prices wore being real ised, and he believed that the average price this year would be greater than that of laBt year, which they had con sidered satisfactory. LOCAL MARKET. To guide the industry on their lo cal market, prior to the war they fcBd had a local committee in charge. Since the war this committee was revived, with a subsequent addition of two members from the P.P.U. — all strong co-operative men, whose pol icy had proved advantageous. The proprietary people, on the other hand, were determined that the grow ing strength of the producers should not be used in the way they wished, and they had done their best to smash up the organisation. Matters had finally reached a climax, and at a meeting in Sydney facts were pla ced clearly bofore the dairymen, and tho committee had since fulfilled their duties with better results than pre viously. They were able to keep the Sydney market price very much higher than tho actual price for ex port. The actual cash result of the committoe's action was that during that flush season of 1922 and right up to the drought in January, the market had kept up to 175/-. per cwt., which was 35/- higher than for the same period o£ the previous year. Tho average price for 12 mouths had been 183/6— -a very satisfactory , value and 34/- higher than that ruling for the previous year. It was truo that tho cessation of the export of meat nnd the lessening o£ meat pro duction had thrown a great many more people into dairying, so that Australian exports had increased, but against this they must place the de crease in exports from other coun tries. RECENT FALL IN PRICES. I With regard to the recent fall in prices, in London no product was more rapidly affected by climatic conditions than butter. ' In England there had been a mild winter and an early spring, with increased produc tion. Then, too, with the fall of the mark and the Ruhr, Denmark had been compelled to withdraw 35,000 tons of butter from that market, and this they had placed With London. These factors had accomplished a recent fall, but notwithstanding this the price would be a shade bet ter than last year. Once there was a return to more normal trade condi tions in the Northern Hemisphere Australia would be the first to bene fit. Then they had another great help ful factor on the horizon, and that was the holding of the Empire Ex hibition in London. Many thousands of extra people were going to be in London for the exhibition, and a large UlllUUUl. UL uuum anu wm-i .yiv ducts would have to be reserved to. feed them. There were one or two factors worthy of consideration i£ they had any anxiety — which he had not. Take standardisation. If they wanted their butter to attain higher prices in London they must get to work to improve tho quality. They must so standardise it as to place it beyond the reach or the need of the blend ers. They had been producing in the past very largely for the benefit of the manipulators and blenders in- London. DENMARK'S UNIFORM PRODUCT. Denmark, after trying for 20 years, was now producing a uniform butter, so much so that there waB no need to place an individual brand on any of the butter exported to London. The result was that the people were merely conscious that they were buy ing Danish butter. ~If after 20 years the Danes had dug themselves into the confidence of Great Britain to the extent that they were able to sell at an enhanced . price, was it not time that Australia started to follow their example ? Climatic conditions speci ally favored Australia in the produc tion of butter. They know that Aus tralian butter was absolutely better than any other product in the world. It was almost sinful, when they were talking so much about co-operation, that something had not been done in this regard before. Whilst -in London he had had unique opportunities for observing the products of all parts of the world pouring into London, and of comparing Australian products with these. Because of the Contin ental debacle current just now, they had all the other countries pouring their products over the counters in Great Britain, which was the one country which could pay cash now. Immediately conditions improved on the Continent this state of affairs would cease. SELLING DECENTRALISATION. No doubt, in the matter of decen tralisation of selling, the Federation in London would need to establish branches in the northern centres ; and when the time arrived that they could land their Australian butter in these great centres of the old coun try there was no need why they sho uld not displace a great deal of the British butter from those markets. Referring to the proposal for the Imperial Government for trade with in the Empire, Mr. Meares asked for his hearers not to believe that this was merely political clap-trap. It was really a selfish business propbsi i tion. Great Britain was very anxious to develop trade within the Empire, because she realised that if she was to secure Australia as her customer then she would in return have to find a market for Australian products. There was no more important thing looming ahead for Australia than the great economic gathering to take place in the near future. He had given them greater confidence in the industry than some of them posses sed at the present time. FAITH IN THE FUTURE. 'I am one of those who believe that the marketing 'future of all milk products is absolutely assured,' said Mr. Meares, 'and that the world cannot produce enough in this regard to meet requirements. The popula tion of America has overtaken pro duction. The population of England, also, is rapidly increasing, and tlicy cannot produce sufficient milk pro ducts to meet the demand.' Mr. Meares declared that there were millions of pounds behind the move to transport large numbers of Britons to Australia. In the past they were not quite sure of the e,arn. estness of the British Government they were not quite sure of the earn estness of the British Government in this regard, but to-day there was no doubt at all on the point. Could not the producers see that by this means they were' going to increase the consumption at home, and. that the local market was going to im prove. And if it was good enough to improve the standard for export, it was equally important to improve (the quality for the local market. There was another factor which must b§ gmphaaised iu connection with the marketing of butter. In Australia, and particularly in New South Wales, they had never made any real progress, or received the value of tholr labor, until they -had ? built up the co-oporativo distributing agencies, and they would never get results in London until all the dis- ( tributing companies concentrated on one floor, thus allowing butter to regulate its own price. 