j rural development. THE CASE FOR THE COUNTRY. Land, Railway and Water Conserva tion. In a series of article", specially written for the "Tweed Daily," the writer, will endeavour to put the c.as® for tlie country, showing the urgent necessity for rural development,. . greater railway- facilities, and a com- prehensive scheme of water conser- vation, and will suggest financial proposals and an administrative scheme . aiming at a policy of decen tralisation. . The first of the series of articles ap peared in the "Tweed Daily" on Mon-\ day, February 12; the second on Wed nesday, February 21. Np. 3. Having given some consideration, to the question of centralisation, and indi cated the. forces behind that pernicious system, let us discuss what should be the actual principle or poliey governing rural development, in an endeavor to show (1) that the land already alienated from, the Crown is not put to its most productive use; (2) how it can be made more pro ductive; and (3) that if a broad, general policy of opening up additional privately- owned land to fit in with the much-talked- of . scheme of immigration is adopted, the ' ; conseryntion;' of' , as. a national production figures., in : order that' our position— that is, the position of New South Wales— in regard to production may be definitely stated, it should be noted,;that; the total area 1 of the State" is 309,432 square miles; or, in acres,' 198,036,500. . Injthe year- 1860-1 the area under crop in N.S.W. -was 260,79,8 acres. From that year; there was - av steady increase up till 1900; when the area . under cultivation" reached 2,445,564 acres. The following ten years up to 1910 '- showed a further ; jump to -3,386,017 acres. In 1916-17 the total Was . 5,164,434 acres. But iu 1921 the jtOtal-i ; had decreased to ; 4,465,143 ' :acre"'>i|:;'-' --x In- four:;years, therefore, there was a :shfihkagefih the area under production in N- S.W. pf -699,291 acres. Since that year therb has been a further decrease, for we have the .Statistician's figures showing that' last year there were 278. fewer wheat growers compared with the preyious year. figures given do not refer to wheat growing " only, but include all crops grown- 'hch:. : . The statement that production ini N.S.W. is rsteadily falling .off can,r thefe-; fore, hardly be disputed. - _ ONE ACRE IN EVERY FORTY-FQliR cultivated. If we turn to a comparison of the area under crop in this State with the total, area, we find that for every 44 acres. only one; is made to .produce j anything/ In Victoria (a srjial.er:::and ; closer settled State) the.;pr'oi;tionas one in 13. Thus we have - the astounding fact that, out- of a , total area ofj fl98; 936, 500 acres, the ; actual .per cenilige cultivated is only 2.22m ". Some people have an erroneous imprea'». sion .that Australia is the leading wheat-, ,,-grovnng-icountcy ..in ther.vlcl:- - The fack is that, despite the progress made iii that regard, Australia is only, eighth on the1 list.. The. wheat yield in the various | countries in 1920 showed that the United States produced 833,027,000 bushels. Then came six countries with greater produc tion than Australia, with 145,873,850 bushels.- ' " r'|?j-:? 1111 In the matter of average yield, Austra lia occupies a relatively subordinate posi tion. Its average is 16.1 bushels, and is sixteenth on the list, the highest average being that of Denmark (41.0 bushels per acre). These figures should enable, us to briiig to bear in our consideration and judg ment of this big question of rural de velopment sound reasoning and - common sense. In the first.place it is obvious that something is wrong. There must be a rea son for the falling-off in production. The actual 'facts are before us; in hundreds of instances producers, are .going out of the industry; whilst, in the great wheat areas, growers are reducing the area cub tivatedr— some by over 50 per cent. Various reasons are given for this state of things' by people who elaim to have speciah knowledge of the subjecfi. There is the high cost of machinery used -by producers, the wages that have to be paid rural workers, and Government interfer- enee— all are more or less held respons ible for " sickening " the farmer and causing him to go . out of tho business.- DECREASED AFiEAS— INCREASED PRODUCTION. The demand fox more "land to be opened up is continuous; and whilst there might be .good reasoii for -it, it is well that we do not allow ourselves to be carried away by. the popular :cry, but rather that 'we look at tlie facts as they are. The "living area" has always been more or less, a controversial question. Of course, the quantity of land constituting a living area varies. For instance, a dairyman's living area on the North .Coast might run from 120 to 150 acres; and a wheatgfower's out -west from 1500 to 2560 acres; whilst further out, the ! Land. Board will consider that 10,000 j acres or more is not too much 'land fol one man to have. " | Land, under our present system - of j leaving everything to chance and trust- j ing to what Nature sends us iii the form j of water, is not being put to its propetf I productive- use. We do not store up 1 Nature's supply; we make no provision' to fight the inevitable drought; o.ur short- 1 sighted policy is "sufficient for the day,'-' j and when the country is hit a wail goes i up. Governments have been extravagant, ' and the example has been copied by the producers. . The country has wickedly neglected to make provision for the con servation of water— the only agency through which the land will be made highly productive.. In the great western j part of the; State— in fact, right through out the country — land is held by single ' individuals, which, under a system of j water conservation and intense culture, j should' provide a comfortable living for q threq/ or four men. No poliey of develop- J mentj in New South Wales can be really . successful unless it incorporates a big, -comprehensive policy to conserve our na tural waters and have them used to ad vantage. . , 'THE EXAMPLE OF DENMARK. For an example /of - suceessful scientific agriculture and extraordinary develop ment under conditions such as have been ; merktioned, we have not got to go to i America, as -some people think, but to ( Denmark. Surprise was recently occa- sioaed by the remarks of an American ?! gome standing who has come to these , I " — - ik shore's to study Australian agricultural and eeonomie.eondition's, wherein he men- tioned that the ; Danish farmer got- a' re turn of 74 per cent, from his land, whereas the .American farmer 's return was not more than 37 per cent. This fact is not new to the person who has taken the trouble to learn something1' of Den mark 's agricultural and marketing methods— the most successful and seieh- tific of any.in the'.world.". No country in the world can show such satisfactory results,.qf-ro|n systems of land tenure and gnqral "organisatio&'of agriculture as the ; Scandinavian wun- t,ries, and more particularly Denma|. . ; Li .the first place there fa , no aggr|ga- tion -of large holdings. Right throughput Defimhrk small holdings dominate, and fio one-individual is allowed to buy up a. numbei of: small holdings; and turn t«pm iiitfi; one: big/ fav. . .There is an--|>Jd primogeniture gjStem: to which the Dhnes cling, ' and its influence: prevents . any excessive subdividing. France is a .coun try, of small holdings, but there the prin ciple operates to the: extreme. -To quote an extreme case: One peasant owns' a strip of land— one ' yard- wide arid ha,lf -/i mile- long. . v./. Christopher. Turrier, , in. a striking article on "The .Way to Agricultural ;Suc.cess7'. tells us: ' 'Seventy years ago the, .condi tion of Denmark Wasmucii as ours is tor., day, - and the ; DanihLWpepple; disppyeVe that there was something. ,rqtt cupiers of Danish fajriis were 'tenants - of groat landh o i ders ; only 12 per cent, the occupier's owned tlieir farms. . Tlie Government, , having realised that./ this tenancy system was not one. that secured the best development of the land o.r? in duced the highest standard among the cultivators, set out to Increase the num ber of occupying .owners. In this work the great landholders assisted the Gov ernment in every way; they often left an outstanding loan on the newiy-pui chased farm, and the Government, by the creation of land -banks,, helped the tenant farmers to buy their farms under the best possible conditions. A spirit of perfect harmony prevailed; all sections worked together to secure the uplift of. agricul ture and of the agriculturist; to-day only twelve men out of every hundred farmers j in Denmark are tenants; the other 88 are owners of their land. .As the result I of this policy, carried out more scien tifically and wisely than perhaps, in any other, country, is that we Bee iq Denmark the -most highly developed and prosperous countryside in the world. The country people enjoy the highest standard of rural education in' the world, and in con- sequejicg they unite in co-operative effort to "secure tko stBl further deyglapment of agriculture in every direction;"' The history of agricultural success in Denmark provides reading of absorbing interest. There one sees the most perfect balanee between individualisrii and. col- Ipctivism; The Dane as an individual is active and virile, independent, working' on liis own and for himself; yet - he is sufficiently educated to understand that at a certain point collective action is necessary, not only for the good of - the community, but to secure tlie full result of his efforts as an . individual. Qwing to , his splendid business organisation, the Danish farmer earns profits undreamed of in Australia, and lie is enabled to clo so.by the great principle of co- operation. Australian farmers will never, get the true reward of their industry unless , the same' principle is applied, not in any half meas ure such as we have to-day— a hybrid system of co-operation at one end, and a gang of speculators at "tlie otlierbut the big broad principle through lyhieh the growers will - control their products through every channel and secure tlieir just profits which,, under our present sys tem, go into the pockets of . speculators and middlemen, wh<? step between the producer and consumer, and' are made wealthy at the expense of the former. The Australian agriculturist has been nursed in the lap of luxury. .In the pro per? economical sense he lias not been thrifty — thrift has given place to care lessness— he is improvident,, never mak ing. provision against adversity. Where he should have been' watchful over his own interests he has trusted others.; He has been robbed of his just profit's, and' lie knows it; yet he is stillprepared to be fleeced, and goes on in the same old way —working liis eyeballs out, for others to live and thrive on his labors, grumbling when things go wrong, but never for a moment blaming himself for the. position in which he finds himself. There is only one salvation . .for him arid those who stand with Jiim, and/that is the salvation of co-operation. Had the producers 'of this eountry been alive to their own inter ests they would years ago have booted out the parasitical middlemen. Had they done so, thousands to-day could have laughed at the drought— they would have been wealthy men. Instead, the specu lator is the wealthy man, and the farmer the slave.; Cold facts to put in print, but true, every word. The time lias arrived to put. facts, into plain language, and whilst the case for-'1 tlie man on the land is being told, the farmers and producers must stand their share of criticism as well as" those who administer the affairs of State. Would that our landholders and pro ducers "could fully understand .what co operation, scientifically directed, is ca pable of doing, and Denmark be .taken as a standard for emulation. People talk about the co-operative, principle . on the North Coast. It is not co-operation. The principle is not complete until the farm ers control— that is the word—' ' control " —their own' business from A. to Z; from the planting of the crop to the marketing of the product. Organisation is necessary to do this,, arid when tlie organisation is complete, the leeches who hang on to the producing industry iii this country, whose tentacles are, virtually,- around every farm and every farriier. (the uiuidlo- men), .will drop off;/ there will be . no room for them, as, indeed, there should not be; in a- country, actively engaged in development, where .the men engaged in building up primary industries are en titled to the. full /reyard of tlieir labor. All over Denmark there are agricultural colleges and... schools;.. andJ as showing how .wonderfully "workable is the - co operative . principle, it is well to record the- facts concerning the establishment of the first Danish' agricultural college.' Some years ; ago a young / agricultural laborer, living in a district peopled by small holders, -came to realise that .it was at a disadvantage educationally as com pared- with other districts, and lie deter mined that that disadvantage should be/' removed. First, lie canvassed the small holders; he induced them each to guaran tee a small sum . annually and to pledge themselves to - send tlieir sons and daugh ters to the college once it . had been opened. Then he went to the local bank, showed the manager . the guarantee arid pledges, and- said that he wanted £30,000 for the purpose of establishing an agri cultural college. The bank agreed, and the college was built. There is another instance of the re-, sonrcefulness of Danish agriculturists During the war the supply, of English coal, upon which Denmark largely de pended, was cut off, and much inconveni ence and hardship ensued. To. meet the situation, the Agricultural Co-operative Societies decided that they must erect water-power plants for generating elec tricity, to provide jiower, heat and light, and. this they did. Denmark's success us quoted all over the world. An English writer points out that in 1840 England produced as much food as she did in 1914, whilst little Den mark has steadily forged ahead until to day she is the greatest example of rural progress and prosperity in the world. We, in Australia, like England, though to a lesser degree, are neglecting the great ideal of rural development. The rural side of our civilisation has become atrophied. But Australia will learn the lesson. She is destined even to outstrip Denmark in the. riot far distant future; but she will only achieve that success by putting into operation' a big comprehensive scheme of rural development, in which the broad, democratic principle of co- operation as applied to primary industries will form an integral part.' ; 