-,v ^^^gf^ ?---?-'?* [By MAiTJt.Jr ''', Canadian Cittle for England. Canada is making a bid for souio of Mie cattle trade o£ England. It is esti mated that 20,000 head will arrive there during; April and May. Already two consignments have arrived, and the effect of this is that the price of cattle in the Irish cattle market has dropped. Thit will also cause, a great redaction in the price of Argentine beefy but producers in that country are now trying to get mar kets in Germany, and arrangements have been made to send 50,000 head of slock and 60,000 tons of frozen meat to that country. Australian beef producers are not able to hold their own now, and the lower prices will necewarily affect their interests, too. European Production Increasing. Many of the European countries are now producing nearly as much as they did before the war, and practically speak ing England seemB to be the only market for their produce- It is estimated that the production of Danish, butter is 12 per cent above that of last year, the output amouling to 44,000 casks weekly and nearly the whole of the exportable surplus is sent to England. Last year Sweden imported Danish butter, but this year she is exporting again, and is now send ing 6,000 casks a week to England. It is likely, too, that within few a months, Siberia will be exporting, so that the pros pects of good prices for Australian but ter in England are not too good. It is evident, also, that within a short period some of these countties will be producing wheat, for export, and the price will naturally come down. Postal Rate?. A definite announcement ou the sub ject of postal charges will be made by the Postmaster-General before the open ing of Parliament. Several deputations in Sydney impressed upon him the weight and strength of the demand for a revision of present charges in the light of the changed conditions since the time when the necessary increases were held to be warranted. Tho whole ques tion has been exhaustively considered with the aid of all available data. The Government seems disposed to make the best use of the argument that it is com mitted to a £9,000,000 programme of new works, including many new services not expected immediately to pay, in coun try districts. The Postmaster-General Las pointed out that hitherto the depart ment had to provide interest on a capital outlay of £21,000,000 ; in carrying out the new programme it was necessary to make 'provision for interest on £30,000,000. The department shouldered 75 per cent of loss on many non-paying country services ; on some it took the whole loss, and bad to make provision for new services of this category in ad dition to thoBe already established. Any computations of the possible effect of reduced postage rates on the volume of postings were largely based upon assump tion, and furnished no very safe guide. A curious result had been shown by com parison between British and Australian postal experience. The letter rate in Britain had been reduced last May from 2d to lid, and this reduction had been followed by an increase of 4 per cent, in the volume of postings. The last in crease of the postage rate in Australia' lid to 2d in 1920, had strangely enough been followed by an increased volume of postings amounting to nearly 9 per cent. He admitted, however, that the latter ex perience was exceptional, and probably not a trustworthy indication that a re* duction of the postage rate would not be followed by an increased volume of business. ' Home Companions' for Australia. ^ Recently there arrived in Sydney a party of girl immigrants introduced under what is called the 'Bout' system, who will take up positions in the coun try districts of New South Wales as *' home companions.' Most of them are under 30 years of age. Under the scheme initiated by Misses Boat and MCallum preference is given to women under 25 years, and the age limit is fixed at 20—30. Each woman is preferably required to be possessed of at least £100 capital— £50 for passage money and expenses, and the remainder for a bank account in Austra lia. The Home Companions is an en tirely unofficial and voluntary association, and each woman pays her own way en tirely, landing- in Australia a free and independent citizen. It is pointed out that in Australia there are many lonely, refined and cultured ladies on outback stations who stand in need of help and companionship, which ordinary domestics cannot supply. To meet the require ment is one of the aims of the Home Companions scheme. In addition to a Liberal education many of the women have war service records in England or France. - The young women were aleo in formed before leaving London that abundant opportunities exist in Australia for women with small capitsl to aet up in business such as drapery shops with a mending department,* small canteens or tea shops, boarding houses, and— where water u available— laundries. Before -in harking in private enterprise, however, - the new settlers are adviwd. to live in AMh*U»ftr»U»ttW jew «j wcta to *ecome%ccu8i6tfied (o the country, cli mate, aud peoplu . Labor Conference. : Referring to IWb Labor' Conference held recently in Melbourne, the ' Age/ inter alia, says :— To mauy good Austra lians who still vote Labor, while keenly regretting the influences by which of recent years the parly has been weakened aud perverted, tbese conferences become more barren and disappointing. There in not one word in the official reports this year to suggest that the gathering was concereed with anything Australian. There was no resolution touching any one of the great questions affecting the well-being of this country aud its people. No one had a proposal to make about working the vast empty Northern pro vinces, or about the Commonwealth's development. There was no suggestion — if we except a tangled and grotesque amendment to the objective— with the idea of establishing a better educated democracy ; removing the causes of ill health and disease ; broadening the op porluuities of the workers' children ; increasing the national wealth and power for the benefit of all the people ; or of setting free technical training in the skilled trades, so that so many Australians may not be laborers attendant on immi grant tradesmen. The brains that were] there were not concerned with making j the Australian worker better off or of keeping bis country the happiest aud best. Perhaps there may be a notion that, like the blindly ignorant Russian Moujiks. free Australians will believe that all-national and international bless ings are blended in the canting word 'socialisation.' If so, the Communist labor men are strangely trustful. In recommending the watchword of famine crime, industrial conscription, corruption' and foreign propaganda, they are de luding themselves ratber than the Aus tralian workers, and condemning them selves. Lab*-r men of the old stamp who still attend these conferences, and who eit in Parliament, will realise some day that in a country like this they can not afford to curtsy to politics that are false and foreign. They must come out and fight the noisome thing, as many of their sons fought the enemy. Prohibition in New South Wale?. The Good Templars Society recently waited on Mr Ley, the Minister of Jus tice for New South Wales, and asked that a referendum on prohibition without conscription be taken in that state. That gentleman replied that there was no likelihood of the Government taking a re ferendum without providing compensa tion. The Act provided for a referen dum with compensation. All that was left to be done was to fix. the date of the referendum, and that would be done by vote of the House. 