CO-OPERATION. . ' ' ? ? ? ? .« ? . ADDRESS BY MR. C. E. D. MEARES. An Optimistic Outlook. Yesterday Wdgga was visited by Mr C. E. D- Mearea, general manager 01 tlie Coastal Farmers' C'o-operaUve So ciety, and in the afternoon . lie met a gathering of the directors of the Mur ruiubidgee Co-operative Dairy Company. The meeting wuh of an informal char acter and after Mr. Meares had been u-Bl.-nnieil bv it-lie chairman of direc tors Mr. J. J. Scott, lie spoke m plea- j sant conversational strain on matters affecting co-operation and tlie working of butter and bacon factories. Mr. Meares said that development of tlie local market should be a feature o the success of the factory in Wage'- They Should see that tBie local consumer got the beBt they could give Jim, ana so create a good demaud for the local article. When the home market was fullv supplied a large field was waiting outside. Speaking of the possibilities lor the export of ibutter, Mr- Meares said that Argentina was coming iu as a lar-»e producer of bufter. bat other coutrieB that liad been exporters were not now in tl.e field. Prior to the war the bulk- of Britain's batter eaiae from the north, but now =he depended -pn supplies from south of tjlie line, aiW that 'tact was a sheet anchor to Aus tralia's butter industry, me pupi».» tion of the world, he added, was in creasing in a -much greater ratio than was production, and he oftvn wondered how the world was going to be fed eventually. At til e present time America was inquiring for buter M.AO cents a pound- Then there was the question of reciprocity of trade with Canada. Canada's climatc was -juis-t the opposite of ours, and he could- not bee any reason why 'we should not do h good Uade with t)hat eountiy. Mr. Meares was a member of a de nutation a lew days ago to the Minis ter for Customs, Mr. Austin Chapman, when he placed the producer's point of view before the Minister, and, with special regard to dairying, pointed out the duty on ibutter and cheese under the new reciprocal arrangemems with Now Zealand had been reduced from 3«1 to 2d, consequently they neo-l«-3 n bal ancing reduction of the duty into Can ftda. Under reciprocity with Oiyiadu, New Zealand, for several years, had lm .1 nil -wlvant.aee over Australia of one cent, per pound, and under subsidy the freight wjis less, and preference also given New Zealand over refrigerated space. M.t. Chapman, in reply, had said that the (Government was endea voring to make the best terms, for trade between the respective coun,-. fries, and the matter- would not he 110111 plcted until the Prime Minister -reached London. Oanadia had taade definite proposals to. give preference to two or three lines if Slve Commonwealth would do- the same in regard to a correspond ing uumber -of her exports. The conr »i(lcration given to the whole matter , ivas in keeping with the general .deter mination of the Government to caliatr libli reciprocal treaties between Austra lia and New Zealand. Canada and South Africa, and (lie believed that a satisfactory arrangement would be made with Canada. ' Ouc-fourth of Australia 's ibutter, Mr. Meares said, was dealt with through co-operative channels, and the Wagga factory was one more unit in the gene lyl scheme- There were only tlhrea proprietary butter factories in New Boutli Wales at the present time. Pro ducers co-operating, insisted on the right to- sell their commodity ft their own price. They had the experience and the organisation and they claimed the right to run their own .business without interfering with anybody or suffering interference from anybody. Only in this way could tiliey get re turns commensurate rfith the cost of production. Under the old way of pro duction and marketing it was nobody's business to improve, the quality of tlbe product, but under a proper system of co-operation, continual -improvement ond standardisation were aimed at, con sequently a benefit accrued to tne con sumer as wclll. Also a continuity of supply to the consumer could be as sured, as co-operative stores, backed by whole hearted support and common sense of the producers, could carry out ' a proper schieme -of storage. Butter could be Btored for months, and, said Mr. Meares, the butter of this district, : would be admirably suited for storage. I The butter of 'his own district, was very ? nice and sweet, but had not tlie' 'body' that the Wagga article had, ana would not store so well. They should endeavor to keep, a sufficient re serve of stored butter to ensure a con tinuity of supply. When they came to suipiptV 4h,e stoi«yelep6nj they might find that their proprietary friends or the Sussex-street merchants were giv ing long credit. The eo-operatiVo fae-' tory could not do that, but in return for cash they could, and ~ should, do what the proprietary people 3nid never done, and that was, giv* of the best The old principle had been that any thing was good enough for loeal sup nlv. ? Speaking of hacon factories, Mr Meares said they had 13 co-operative factories in country centres, so that tho pigs were hilled and cured wher# ttey ? were grown. They thus'; made betilcr bacon, and the co-operative voice it was now that fixed the -prices. - In Denmark all the bacon was manufac tured by a great co-operative concern. In reply to a question by Mr. -Scott [as to the possibilities of a factory i« Wigg-i, 'Mr. Meares said -that Wverc was': nothing a proprietary concern could I do that could not be done by a 'co-opera- ' tiye factory. But they had to remem ber 4)hat if a factory started' here up wouJd go tlio price of bacon, as the proprietary tnan would nort (be nbl-s to give the same price - as before, A director: 80 the farmer will get more for Ws pigsl Mr. Scott suggested that Although farmers were getting (3d a pound for piga and n co-operative concern ivere to give them 8d, many, of them would go to the ether man' for 8|d. Another director, however, thought they would find enough Joy ai men to support them. Mr. Meari^s pbinted out' thai in some' districts' a liond was in operation, and itB use was' very effective. In South Africa they Jiad. -an Act of Parlia mient, under, winach fliea vy penalties could be inflicted «n persons defecting' from the principles of co-operation. ', On ifhp qriestion bf fnt piRp Mr.'Seott' said that this was a matter on which the famietB of the difltriet had yot, to be ^ducited. T!lifere were Teally no fat pigs ' in the district. Wtat was often called a tat pig here, would be regarded only ^a8 a decent store in Vic toria.''' . \ ? In reply to a question, Mr. Meares said that there, would not be a large supply of butter to England front Benmaric, because the latter country hs® its limitations, and soon, it was Wf be bojiejl, tho tt.fbt ngt of the Continent 'would be re-opened, He was sure if Kiiglish people tasted Imtrter like that he;.had sampled at the. Wagga -factory f,that morning, they wouJd cut cut all other brands. People in Australia would not cat Danish but ter. .which was often called ''glorified grease ' But it was unifoim anii bj that means secured the- jnarhet. Stin Oarilisatieii always 'secured th» prise, tven though the quality was not tee best. Danish butter all bore, the one mark — the national brand, 'L.U.B.' The identity of the factories had been lost completely. Speaking of. t#ic' home market, -Mr. Meares said he had great -hopes from immigration. If our population were going to increase by the migration schemes the ' local demand would iu erease antl there would be less need for export. Mr. J. J. M?Grath. in moving a vote I of thanks to- Mr. Meares, said (he was very pleased to know that Mr. Meares thought highly of the company's but ter. It had been his own opinion for eome-fimo, but to have sueh an opinion ] from an expert of Mr.- -M care's standing 1 gave them some encouragement to go I on with. The motihn was carried by hearty acclamation. 