GREEN HILLS FAR AWAY. j 'jThere is something pathetically arrest-« tog in the cabled news that the North ?Atlantic, is sown at present With iriimi farant steamers racing .furiously to reach pnited States -ports, in order to land their passengers before the quota . of admis sions closes. ' ' I A couple of years or- so ago the U.S.A. p^cidetl that the stream ' of European immigrants must be cut .down to a fixed quantity. . ; The period of admittance was begun on October 31, and ...the;.- gate will -be shut as, i^on as the flxedamount is . reached. ?? It is one' of humanity's most remark itjle attributes that, sooner or later, in the mass and in the- individual, a des perate longing for a change, for a closer glimpse of the fair-seeming and. far-away p'een hills, takes hold upon it. - [ Certainly, modern conditions in the old, I jold lands are so terrible that those who ' can attempt to leave them at all costs. \- Starvation, oppression and, misery are the daily. portion of many millions of our fellow men. s. | Still, there seems to be tio shadow of floubt that a great proportion of these change- seekers are actuated less by the eyils of existence: in their original lands than' by the inextinguishable longing for the new thing, whatever the difficulty or danger, which Kipling has sung of in f'The Harp Song of the Danish Women': I a ^oman- that men forsake her, I the: swept hearth, and- the home acre, To go with the Old Grey Widow-maker? 1 For this wild rush about the world peek.ng new, places in- which; to earn fame, foches, happiness or wealth, is no new ^hine, nor was when the Norsemen pushed Mien galleys out to sea ('the wddow jnaker') and visited and settled in Ice - Pand, Greenland, France, Britain, Con stantinople and heaven ^nows where else. I We are fairly certain' nowadays that the Neanderthal man, who climbed out -of jthe trees 500,000 years ago, and made all those of his descendants ?: who 'have to' ^vork for their bread and water sorry he ever did so— we are certain that even he, f say, -was submerged by a mighty wave of superior ^.beings whom' the scientists I call Armagnacs, coming from, somewhere, i out of the mysterious East. And so it has gone on through the cen ses. Ayran, -Trajan, Phoenician, toman, Goth, Hun and Saracen, and ountless other hordes, followed hard on ich other's heels. §3ome came from empty and ^hungry «?ds, and others left better than those hey made for. I P°°t, blood-lust, -religion, hunger, am ^O' and.more than- likely boredom drove hem on; but all took the western roe'd, ind their followers are taking it, too, to-, toy, hot foot. ^ . A wise man has recently published ja. I0°k to prove that the globe has been inged again and again by vast, forgotten migrations. He traces them by the great tone ruins left behind, a belt of which lcii cles the earth, crossing even the wide Mfic. But of this, more later^ perhaps; - 1 J.B.H. ' V '? / ?? .. V- ?? 