M&& of the AIM. PRBSBTOSRIAN CHURCH WoEK IN THE 'WEST. INTERVIEW WITH REV. W. T. Al^XAKDER. A pBMmier by tbe K&noimi; from Booth on Friday wts Rev. V, T. Alex ander, m, yount Proabnerlan clercy ititD. who bu r«MiUy orrlvod from England, And le now on hi-, vray to outpost duty In the *WcBt on bchijf of Mi Church. -By the AuDtrallnn lnhud Wlwkm of the Pmbytcrian Church »t Sydney, he hu been appoint rd mtnlFtfr at Cloncurn1. «'fth a parish of about ISO mile*. In which hp hopft. to vliit ill hit Church people flomo tlnif, GpcdklDK of the A.I M. work. Mr Alexander uld they likd Burt--d out on a big policy. In an kt tempt to bn-ik , down the uue of IhoIbiIou whlrh pn Oie buih, io tSat AuhU- oDr' remain' ?with bcr treat tract* or empty space* They were trying to establish little little wtreicu et at loan and mm or pat nil to link up Ihr people by vlBlia , tlon. The Inltintl Mission hai also %1i1odi of the ??fltAbllAlimrnl of nrro plane ktvIcci Tor us** In easel of wr loui tllneu, and no that doctors and nunet mljjht be available. The reverend gtfi Lletnait, who, it may be atated it quite a young tnmi. tiuil llkewtM a, bachelor, hatt rvfdVnUy h-*u choien on hli record, h-- havlnp packrj ? wobdferful lot of experience onto n\a years In tbe mlfll'try. At the com ncDqcinent of the war, be Joln-M up ai honorarj* chaplain of tbe Forces, and had El year* on service. The Urn two yean were spent in Macedonia nud on the SerbUn front, snd the Uilance In France. In ftarrh 1B18. when wILh Ofneral Couch's army, which was practically wiped out In Btemmine the German advtoce. he wan taken prleonir b- the GerraanB ut St. Quentln. In the follovlnr July hf was otTorrd r-?i-3t- rlatlon, but by that time hid esub llihed, and was dtveloplue educatloiuil activities amooCTt the prisoner* of wir and wu organising- Church work, and considered It hln duty to remain, which he did until three weeka after the Ar tnitUcc, For hla work amoDfnt the prisoner* of war, the Daniih Red Cross conferred on him the Order of St. John. In Mureh. 1619. lie waa appoin ted educational officer with the Sixth Corps In the Army of the Rhine, and ?tattooed at Colors*, where he remained until December U19. Since leavlDg work with the Britlih Force*. Mr Alexander hu been em ployed In the Migration Department of tbe T.M.CA. *otfelnff 'or all the Churchei amongst the Immigrants to Australia. He tmM made seven! trips with sblpa ?? far ai South Africa. where another chanlalo joined and cane on to Australia. It was only re cently that Mr Alexander made the full trip to Australia, asd within a frw dtys of hl« arrival In Sydney, on hear tnj from Ber. John Pls-nn. the Super iQleodcut of the A.I-M. of their needs of a volunteer for Cloncurry district, be offered hU aervlcea. and was accep ted. Mr Alexander 1« having- hie first ex perience of the Australian cummer, and atlmltted that he was flcding it rather hot. What had mruck him in the South, wai tbs IrnUooal dresa of the men, who were going about in warm woollen cloUiinc, as they would In a cola country. The contrast with tho light and pretty cottum» of the ladJes was moat striking. Asked as to bii means of settlor about his big dlitrtct, Mr Alexander eatt tie hod al ready a grant of £100 towardB the pur chase of a motor car, ao4 hoped to get I the balance required abortly from good friends ot the AIM- The western country would bo new to him, but b» hoped to make friends and find the people reapomlve to th« mialBtratlou 1 of tbe Church. Speaklnr of his experiences in the German tinea aa prisoner of war. Mr Alexander uld the wont period was the five months after capture. They ?had very little to eat— the minimum of sustenance— and ordinary folks could not understand tbe misery of having nothing to do atwl nothing; *to read— the days neemed intennlnaWe. But ?after tne^lve months, when the Red Cron cot through to them, tuid they siw parcels of food and dotblnr arrlr 1nv from England, It was a red letter day In their lives. They were then In camp at Oraudenx. an old Pollili fron tier town on the River Vistula. For ?everal day* after the Armistice they were not allowed newspapers, and did not get the news till four days late. Amongst the British prisoners of wu wai a British Brlvadleraeneral, and when they heard the net™, the latter demanded of the Camp Commandant why they were not told before. The Camp Commandant replied that he was waiting to know -he position. To this the Brtfadler-Genpral replied. 'I will tell you very simply. I am In command of the camp,' end he ordered the conv mandant to an* into mufti at once. 'We took vonealon of the best hotel in the city.' continued Mr Alex ander, 'and ordered the Germans out, and there «?? remained for three weeki until transport was provided by tbe Danish Bed Croei. In the camp, during our Imprisonment, the Ocrmam tried to prevent us itnrlnr the National Anthem at the close of divine lervice, but they never succeeded. No matter how badly off we were, ve always kept the flag flying metaphorically, and the Germans could never* understand the German spirit*'. The reverend 'gentleman preached at (he Presbyterian Church on Sunday, and left on Monday on hli first exper ience ot the -Weat. , 