EXPORT OF PRODUCE. «o AUSTRALIA'S OPPORTUNITY. A VISITOR'S VIEWS. That Australia is truly "The Land of Opportunity" is the enthusiastic and sincere opinion of Mr. Arthur S. Butler, governing director of the firm of Butler* (London), Ltd., who is now on a short visit to this city from the Old Country. Mr. Butler's firm, which also .has its branches in New Zealand and New South Wales, is especially concerned with Aus- tralian products and their distribution. Mr. Butlei, in the course of conversa- tion with a "Courier" repiesentative yes- terday, had something to say concerning Australia's produce export trade. He was of the opinion that the outlook for Australian produce in the Mother Country was never so promising than it was to-day, and the opportunities now presenting themselves for closer relations between the Dominions and the Mother Country were welcomed by the business men of that eountrj-. Mr. Butler visited this country some three years ago. The object of his pre- sent mission is to get in touch with Queensland firms who are concerned in the shipment of dairying produce, and he plans to tour New Zealand, paying attention to the dairying centies. He considered it a curious fact that New Zealand produce realised higher prices than Australian. "The London market is very discriminating," said Mr. Butler. "They know when thej' get a good thing. They want the best." With Danish competition, in the shape of an excellent article, the Australian dairy man must watch his steps. Questioned on the possibilities of immi- gration, Mr. Butler- said the pievniling unemployment in Great Britain was naturally causing people to cast their eyes eagerly towards the Dominions, and particularly Austialla. To those with the will to work, Australia was indeed a wonderful land of opportunity. Among those who had "made good" in a now land was a clerk, who, six months ago, was walking the .streets of London, a member of the gi eat army of unem- ployed. Ho decided to trj' his luck in the new land, and to-day, by thrift and in dustrj-, he found himself the possessor of a small banana and sugar larm on the North Coast line, with the prospect of a handsome ietuin for his labours in the near future. Mr. Butler deplored the crowding of cities, and declared that on the land, in agricultural and dairj-ing pursuits, lay Australia's golden share of prosperity. The visitor, who, incidentally, is a member ot the Corporation of the City of London, is staying at the Belle "Vue Hotel._ 