PERSONAL Tlie resignation of Mr. Benjamin H. Be&ven;, of Booborowie, as a juBtice of the peace, hah been accepted. Mounted-Constable C. EL Carman has been appointed registrar and inspector of shops in the1 Yankalilla shopping district. ' In Executive Council on Wednesday morning tile resignation of Mr. Robert Duncan from, the Apprentices Advisory Board was accepted. Ill Executive Council on April 26, Mr, B. &. Stuckcy, A.LA.. (Public Actuary) was appointed Under Treasurer as from Joly 1, on which date Mr. H. F. Pea cock will retire from the position. Following on his appointment to the city, the resignation of Mr. L7* H.' Has lam, 8.M., as visiting justice to the Mount Gambier Gaol, has been approved. Mr. —EL M. Muirhead, S.M., liaB been elected district member of tbe Licensing Court far the Southern and Murray districts in place of Mr. Haelam. Our London correspondent states that the Grand Lodge of English Freemasonry, in addition to the appointment of the Duke of York as Senior Grand Warden, has made the Lord Chief Justice of Eng land (Lord Hevrart), Junior Grand War den; the Bishop of Bristol, Grand Chap lain; Sir John Fergusson, Grand Trea surer; Lord Amptliifl, Provincial Grand Master; and Vice-Admiral Sir Lionel Hal sey, Deputy Grand Master. ■' Mrut* tL SVObunv dt flr trasspeetalhm huau& at afcltath—j r Ufepartmipirt-,. far bees-tapaitaed a rtfksrmc taatfenmmter ! fur office* as tike northern narrow-gange, arid* She Same station. at -Stat «imii»i.»in»f mr iHta' ten Abce ■ «*• April 37.— "ha aecontasee with the general' «ie that 'a %rifeJritato status of htajhudhui' beccmelh^KK^l ffigluiMstheuS^e of York, with tb* «Utn* of Prmoam? 0«r Fan* correspondent- «ttae» that tbe late Madame Sarah Bernhardt'* stage costume*, dolft, furniture, asd objects of art, and her autographed works of Dumas, Sardou, Host, and others, will \- be soH by- auction in June. It as stated that the- great aotrees died pnrc ■ bhsaiy- pennfiese, sod the sale* at the greater part of her effects is in. conse quence. at a seizure by judgment credi tors jHHnadiately after her death. Sr. Wilson, the Aaaiatant Minister or the Federal Gorasuaent^ has just neeaved notification of bis appointment to trie* charge of a tht important branch of Ministerial work—that of immigration. Up to now this has been in the immediate ehuge of the Prune Minister, but Mr. Bnme, when pnmrihg through ftdelaiflr on Sunday on his way to Western Australia, •aid that he Sound fit impossible to under take departmental duties of magnitude, in SR. R. V WILSON. Federal Assistant Minister, who has had the control of immigration added to his other offi cial duties. addition- to those of the head of the Go vernment, and he had chosen Sr. Wilson to take over the responsibility of immi gration conjointly with him. As matters affecting immigration were being managed jointly by the-British and the Common wealth. Governments, it was necessary for hhn (the Prime Minister) still to be con nected with that branch. In future the' South Australian member of the Ministry will undertake the wort of Health, Immi-. gration, and the Empire Exhibition. The Royal Victorian Chain, the highest decoration, conferred for personal services to the Sovereign (says a. cablegram frouij bur London correspondent) was conferred on the day of the wedding of H.R.H. the Duke and Duchess of York, upon the .Arch bishop ' of York (Most Rev. Dr. Cosmo Lang), rtbo delivered the charge to the newly married couple after the ceremony The decoration referred to was founded in August, 1903, by King Edward ViX. It is only bestowed on special occasions,, and may be worn-at all times when the ribbon ,of the Royal Victorian Order is worn; The only other possessors of the chain are the Archbishop of Canterbury (Most Her- Dr. Davidson^, the Marquis of Lauds downe, the Marquis of Crewe, the Marquis Cucoon, and Lord Hardinge of Penshurst. Mr. N. A. O'Callsghaa (Commonwealth Dairy Enpert) will leave Melbourne it) June to- represent, the Commonwealth at important conferences in Holland, Den mark, aad America, and to undertake offi cial investigations into dairy standards in Great Britain*. The Minister for Cus toms (Mr. Chapman) announced, in Mel bourne on Wednesday that -Mr. G'Calla §han would be present at. a meeting of airy cattle breeders at the- Hague ih August, and he would afterwards proceed to Copenhagen, where he would enonise into- the conditions of the Danish dairy ing industry. After visiting Groat Bri tain he would leave for Washington, where he would be present at the Wbriii's Congress on Dairying, winch wouftf Bo* opened on October 2. The congress would consider, among other mattes, ques tions relating, to dried milk products; A Brussels cablegram iftates:—The Prince of Wales has arrived on his State- visit to the Sing and Queen of Belgium. The cruiser Caledon, which conveyed the, Print-- and- his staff to Zeebrugge, fired a salute, to-which the Belgian battery re plied. The Prince was met at the wharf by Prince Leopold and Prince Charles A detachment of troops rendered military honours. The route to the palace was lined with British and Belgian flags,, and the dwellings were brilliantly illuminated. The. chief official function is- the unveiling of the statue erected by Britain near the famous Palais de- Justice; in grateful re cognition of Belgium's part in the war. xi. State banquet will be held cm Saturday, and it is expected that 800 guests will attend. The Prince is accompanied by Earl Haig, with whom, he will privately visit the Ypres salient oil Monday. His Majesty the King has given a pri vate audience to Brig-Gen. Cusc-adeu, V.D., of Melbourne, ana has invited him to accept a knighthood (says a cable gram. from cur London correspondent}. Gen. Cimcaden was born in Wexford (Ireland)' in* J8S7. He studied medicine at the Edinburgh University, and secured the Licentiateship of the Royal Colleges . of Physicians ana of Surgeons. At the age of 39 he came to. Australia and took up a practice. He was honorary surgeon to the Women's Hospital, Melbourne, and | was also consulting surgeon to that insti tution. He ib-a Past President of the Vic torian branch of- the British Medical As sociation. When war broke out) in August, Prin 1914, Gen. Cuscaden was appointed Prin cipal Medical Officer of the Third Military District,, trad he held that office sstn January, 1918. Subsequently be mas Director-General of the Austra'imi Array SnrviPM TTp mnvrio.! Mice All*** Medical Services. He married Miss Alice King, of Adelaide. toe Way Statue Comoriffeey sfatfeac— .■> wrwtiag. by (in maff dfeawuupoC (be pedaatnd foe tte tt» flis flonrii ¥arb 'aMk. Tfeoft ouuowl af pefaU i»: •gMapectrre ad working drawings. I gm iwoy ^dtosad to tod you Fiaf tnr fawob 'easting. is proaicsaiug Tray fiwonpfofo «nd toad wo time aJxang hot, TBeath&sefiro; kms^iriil^efiBini toady to be pbacd. n mb two smtio to JSt >milat-: My artist friendr Bke the statue- very a»K^ aalfindtS is fuB of character and' ;vexy firing. Ke FkuT LairreiKe (wbo ia. < neighbour audi aJudge and K£.) has tafaen- * keen* interest m it, and fikea it ex ceedingly. TBe sWMtVw » rpbeav ia _ quite segal*. and tie pose Iratve adopted eaiiaos me drapery to faff in anch s tray a* to lose a^t of tbe- tromura, tducfc, n my mind, take away from the dignified character of a statue* On. Friday, April 2Tr a large and repre sentative number of cituens front Biirxa. mid district assembled in the fliberal Unfon- room, Xooringa, to make a presen tation. to Hfr C- Baddudomaeus, who- "» leering. the district to reside in Adelaide. Mr. M. A. Radford, who presided^. said' the attendance showed how wrih the de parting townsman, was respectedi On bar half of the townsfolk,, the Mayor (Mr, Maurice Collins)- said Be regretted that men ot toe caimre ot jnessni naxxnoio maeua and. Winnail (who had alto dieoidetl to go) were leaving the town. Mr. Bar thoiomaeus Bad long: and: honourably been connected with the Burra. Town. Council as Councillor for North Ward, and his- in terest was. shown by his attention to Mb work.. Mr. WihnalL spoke tor the old, board of management- of. the Burra. Hospi tal, of which Mr . Bartholama eus had been a member. Mr. I. J. Warnes (President of the Agricultural Society)' said the gnest was doing "the silliest tiling possible' in leaving his birth-place to live amoitg the worn-outs in the <3t&." The society was, losing, one of its best workers, in faet; the hardest worker in it. His place would he hard to fill. It was a deplorable fact that so many fine families wen* leaving the- country for the city. Centralization was the curse of the country. Mr. L; H. Foote spoke on behalf of the Liberal Union, Messrs. R. J. Johns (Burra Bowling Club), the Rev. £, M. Ingamellfe, and Cr. A. B. Riggs (Aberdeen and Red ruth), A. D'. McDonald (people of the dis trict), and A. B. Kemp (Victoria), sIbo spoke. The Chairman, on behalf of the people of the town and district, presen ted. Mr. Barthofomaeua with a gold watch. He said:_ it. was a tribute from, the whole community. Mr. Barthblomaeus feel ingly responded. A point all had lost sight of was, that whatever he had done for the town, he. had atf late years, plenty of time in which to do" it. 