PREMIERS' CONFERENCE INDUSTRIAL POWERS. " PRELIMINARY DISCUSSION ? The Premiers' Conference was con tinued in Melbourno on Thursday, Mr Bruce, the Prime Minister, presiding; Mr Bruco announced that the State Treasurers had met prior to the open ing of the conference, and had consid ered the CommonAvealth taxation pro posals. The Treasurers had come to the- conclusion that it Avould be advis able before going further into the mat ter to get information from the ac tuarial officers of the rcspcctiA-c States as to AA-hat fields of taxation the Com nioiiAvealth could advantageously eA*ac unto contemporaneously 'with the ces sation of the per capita payments. It was hoped this- information Avould bfc got before Saturday. n The -question of the CommonAvenlth and State industrial, poAvcrs ay.is con sidered. Mr Bruce said this Avas a \\*ery im portant matter. ' All kncAv the state of uncertainty and difficulty existing throughout the ? CommonAvealth. If they Avere going to get industrial peace in Australia, it Ay.as imperatiA'C that the Commonwealth should get full indus trial power in the'area AA'hich belongs] to it; It ,*.vas proposed to classify in dustries into what might bo termed Fe deral and non-Federal industries, and assign full industrial control -Avith re gard to these to the Commonwealth and tlic''States respectively. The Pre miers' proposal Avas that the State in strumentalities should be exempted from CommonAvealth '?.-? jurisdiction. Queensland did not, hoAvevcr,' subscribe to the other Premiers' suggestions. ] Mr Bavin (TnT.S.W.) said it ay.is gen erally recognised that control of indus tries must bo left to the States. ,' A list of Federal industries could be easily draAvn up and embodied in legislation. There was no reason for another tri bunal or court of appeal, as" proposed by the CommonAvealth under.its scheme. Such tribunal or court Avould perpetu ate litigation. Employers would rather put,up Avith evils caused by Avant- of harmony between the State aAvards / than havo another court. Mr Forgan Smith (Q.) declared that ', the proposal to delegate to the Corii- DionAvcalth authority to the control of what were designated 'Federal indus tries did not-appeal to him. Where the workers . Avero denied ; the advan tages of a properly constituted State court they should haA'e access to a Fe deral court. Mr Groom, tho ? Federal. Attorney- General, said there- wjre 83 nAv.irds op ; crating throughout Australia, and there wore 85 applications to the Arbitration Court. Tliat, shoAved the complexity of the problem before thr> conference. All that tho CommonAvcalrh could do Avas to setup a tribunal to deal Avith disputes extending beyond one State. His A'ioAv Avas that; if an industry came under Federal .-jurisdiction the Com monwealth should have complete' con trol of it. ' . Mr Bobinson (Vie.): That is impos sible. Mr Groom: We should haA'e poAvcr to deal with an industry effectively. He did not agree with the suggestior that Federal industries, should be named iioav, and be embodied in legislation. That Avould mean that in future Com inoTiAA'ealth jurisdiction could not be ex tended except by a referendum. * M r Robinson (Vie.): , What would this tribunal desire? Mr Groom said the tribunal would have a clear and definite power of deal ing Avith Federal .industries.. He Avas prepared to further, discuss the propos al Avith the State Attorney- Generals. .Mr Bavin: The employers are an xious to avoid litigation that Avould be created' by the establishment . of the tribunal suggested' by the Common wealth. : Mr.Bruce: There seems to be a clear issue. The States have put forward a proposal''that .what ?.'was a Federal in dustry should be determined on a mi gratory basis. Tho CommonAvealth Avas not satisfied Avith that.- The lavo points Avere AA*hat t rule . should deter mine AA'hat Avere Federal industries, and by AA*hat .means could, industries that eventually became Federal come under Federal jurisdiction? ';', Would it not be advisable-that the "Attonley-Gcnerals endeavor to find some scheme .which, could be put'to tho open conference! Mr Bruco's proposal avos agreed to. Tho State Attorney-Generals retired to sec if a scheme; could be: arrived at | regarding the classification of Federal i and State Industrial: poAvcrs. I Tho subject of- immigration was j lengthily discussed on general lines. Sir Henry Banvell (S.A.) moved that it AA'as desirable that the British' G overnment bo asked to co-opcrato Avith the CommonAvealth Government in a policy of dcA'clppment Avhich ? would ex-' pedito the settlement of iioav territor ies, Avithout obligation to settlo immi grants upon' the land, by giving such substantial contributions towards in terest on developmental loans as would enable tho CoinnioiiAvenlth Govern ment to make loan's available to the States for a stated period at a purely normal rato of Interest," upon the basis (if the number of migrants each State Avould undertake to absorb. Mr Bruce said if tho Premiers agreed ito tho suggestion he Avas-prepared to rciisider ityaudTf he approved of it he' ? would'take:it to London for the British GoA'cmment's consideration. Conference adjourned until the foi fohving day. A mossago from Geuo'va.says thai a wealthy Danish jeweller named Pot orseu saw his wife at a ball dancing ..check, to. cheek with a handsome youth. Ho took her homo immediately, and in a frenzy of jea?ousy hanged her in her balldress before setting the room on fire. Ho than sot the balldress alight. Tho husband wrote a justification of his terriblo deed', and sent it to tho .police bofore ho hanged himsolf in tho bedroom. 