REVERBERATIONS. Nippy atmosphere. Winter steadily approaching. Tourist traflio 'steadily, falling off. New Zealand and Queensland bnttcr touring into Sydnoy. The spectre- r>E more troublo over the Jfowra .wharf is rising. Just now a large number of peoplo Iro victims to irritating colds. Queensland dairy farmers nro making Inquiries for dairy heifers in the Bem- lookaj South Const district. Owing to an outbreak of diphtheria it Bega an ollicer from the Board of Health hns gone there to investigate. Stewart and Morton, encouraged by ecent successes, are pushing on with ipecial sales. If Nowra Council had much busines :o transact it would take a day and light to complete it. There was no circns last night week, :ho result being (that there wus a full itteudarco at the council meeting. Mr. J. Smith spent a week at Jervis Bay visiting scenes of his boyhood days, tie sees a grent change in the place. High valuations and a high rate iliould give the Nowra Council enough 'evonue this yenr to do much needed work in the municipality. The meeting of Shareholders in tho 3olden .Crown mine at Yahval on Friday Inst, oven if very much' was not lone, wus ft step forward. Queensland elections take place to- norrow. The question of the hour is: 'Will Theodore come safely through .he ordeal ? " Au important gold discovery is re torted from Yeoval, near Cammook. >omo of the specimens averaging up to I0o/.s. to tho ton. , Tho wholesale cntling of youngsap- ings in this district for pit props beans tho wholesale destruction of orests in the making. Tho recent show of the Royal Agri- itiltural Society showed a profit of 330,000, which is the largest on 'record Qftdo by tho Society. Spine of tho acrobatic feats performed ,t tho last meeting of the Nowra Conn-, il were probably the result of the .ldcnnanie visit to the circus. It is definitely stated that Yistey Jros. cannot see their way to open heir huge meat works at Darwin on be terms offorcd by tho Federal rovomment. It is now stated that Vest)' Bros, of lie Darwin Meat Works will soon bamlou operations in Australia. The: rm spent hundred of thousands of onnds at Darwin on then works. If a small battery with' the latest old saving appliances < is erected at fnlwal there is every reason to believe hat the confidence old Yalwal men ave in the field will be justified. Mayor Benny hns made it clear that : one alderman snyB anything which rovokes another to retaliate, ho will ,ot interfere to restore order — the two lderinoii will have to fight it out be- weeu themselves. A correspondent who hns recently teen from Cloncnrry, Queensland, to he .Gulf, writing under dat? April IG, tates that if rain does" nof fall. this, nonth the loss of over 100,000 cattle is xnt'icipated in the Gulf this year. The " Blaokheath Bulletin," pnb- ished hy Mr, W. E. Vincent, one of/a long family of newspaper men, has made its first nppenrauco. It is a newsy sheet,, well . priuted with an ambition to do its best for tlio little moantaiu township and tho surround ing count ry. Report has it that Sir George Fullor I will bo the next N.S.W. Agent General j in London. Sir Sidney Kidman, aftor a tour of the far west', describes the condition of the country as deplorable. Said that a wealthy Japanese firm is anxious to purchase all the Common wealth lino of steamers. Last week a number of residents had each to pay in fines and costs 18/- for neglecting to register their dogs at Wollongong. Mr. "VV. Spence, of Bega, has been at Wnndnndinn in search of relief country for a largo number of cattle he has on hand. The Minister for Works has decided that there is at present no justification for the Prince's Highway being pro claimed a national work. Quoits is a popular gamo at Bega and a competition is now going on for a cup. It's a good old game is quoits and wns once popular in Nowra. It is remarkable how the spotted gum ridges between Npwra and Berry have been transformed into valuable dairy fanners by impiovements. There stnuds to-day at tho sito of the old township at Jervis Bay tho stone block on which the late Mr. J. Lnmoud, who wns a blacksmith, had his anvil. To date the snm of £3,500 hois boeu expended by the Shellliarbor council in roadmaking at Macqoario Pass, and this amount exhausts the grant 8. in con nection therewith. ' ' " The price of Kameruka cheese has been raised in '-Sydney to 1/6 per lb. wholesale, while New Zealand cIiuobo is being landed in Sydney at Is to 1/3 per lb. which, no doubt, means duty free. Scraps of early Shoalhaven history can be picked np, but rancb of it that was valuable has been lost through no record being ke.pt, or by those who kuew it having loiig since passed away. Alderman ICimptou was congratu lated by his follow nldermon upon the comprehensive and detailed report which he submitted on behalf ot tho Works Committeo to tho last meoting of the Council. A thorough practical dairy man says that with a ' thorough system of fodder conservation it will bo possible (o carry one dairy cow in milk all tho year through to each aero on tho'ricli Shoal- . haven llats. While the Government retrenches in a wretched tin pot way by reducing small salaries it has'never tackled tho quostion of abolishing tho ruinously ex pensive day labor system of building railways and ret uniitig to the old cou trtct system. Tho trustees of all tho churches in Nowra have appealed' -against church i property used exclusively.'- (or. ccligiou.i I purposes being _ rated. The Valuer j Goneral valuad the property aiid._tho Conucil issued rata notions. Bembooka dairymen, through tli> Coastal Farmers' G'o-operativo Society, are procuriug 76 tons of Tasmaniun oaten ohalE for their cittlo, and it is ex pected that the fodder will bo landed at about £9. a ton. The extensivo improvements made by Hallorau & Coy. in their Woollumboola development scliouu make it possiblo for Nowra anglers to go out in the morning, have a good day's fishing aud j be home in time for tea. I Mr,. G. White, of Rylstop Shire, who j was appointed as Engiuoer to Wagga j Municipality, and theu asked the conn- ; cil to provide him with a motor, car, a| house, and £150 a year for running the j ear, has refused to take up hiB duties j beoaaBe the council would not grant his j request.. . J f Valentine's for Bargain's in Doormats. | wealth ships (52) and the dam of I £15,000,000 is mentioned as the pur chase price. At Wiughtun pound, the other day, two horses were knocked down for " two bob " each. Things are quiet at Ulladulhu The tanuery is idlo and all the grit carts aro hung up owiug to unfavorable weather. At the Mudgeo snleynrds Inst mouth calves 6 to 9 months old sold at prices which gave a net return of 2s per head. Some local fishormen had fuir luck at Jervis Bay on Sunday. It is said that very fair fishing is uow to be had in the river. Hnsilago is boginniug to attract the attention of district farmers as tho most economical way of conserving wintor fodder. Tho lower Sonth Coast bonefited very little from tho recent change of weather which gave nowhere more thau one inch in the south. It is stated that the serioas trouble of contagious abortion among dairy cows has made its appearance in isolated in- stnuces in this district. Within i ecent years "a number ol very comfortable cottago residences have been built ot Berry and are occu pied by retired farmers. The Mayor says that no trace of -a copy of an important letter soutto the I.S.N. Coy. in regard to the tenure of tho Nowra wharf can bo found. The practice exists in almost every j. council of having outward correspond - i euce road before the inward is takon. Nowra seems to be an exception. The last mau to leave tho early settlement of Jervis Bay was the late , Mr. James Lamoud, father of the old and well-known Shoalhaven family. Mr. S. Leatheam, caretaker at tho general cernetgry, deserves credit for the condition in which he keeps the ground' An old Ulladulla resident now living nt Yass says they do hot kow what raiu is like up in that part of the country. Miss Kendall has put up a fine re cord as organist, having presided in that capacity in the Church of Etig land, Milton, for G1 years. Fourvesols left Bateman's Bay last week fully loaded with timber, which iudicates the activity in tho timber trade down that way. Mr. Pago, who has beon appointed 'secretary for -the inendated torritory is a brother of Dr. Earle Page, Federal Treasurer. g Mr. W. F. Dunn, M.LA., says that the electorates are now so large that it costs equal to one year's salary to con test an election. Mi. II. Hurt, a Milton farmer, has grown saccaliuo which roachod a height of over 13 foot. A number .of cattle owneis from drought stricken districts have been in Miltou in search of relief country. In regard to a Town Clerk's leave the ordinance says : " Such leavs may bo taken at such times as tho council may decido." If it is Correct, as statod by the Mayor, that no copy of the letter ri- latiug to the loase of the Nowra wharf can be fouod then there must bo a waut of system iu the office in the matter of preserving records. For Bronchial Coughs, take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Suit cases at jgroatly reduced prices at Valentine's. F. 1 P.' Duncan's Hudsou Super Six now for hire day or night, anywhere, j Phone 139. ' For Children's Hacking Cough, Woods'/Great Peppermint Cute. Painters are busy renovating the Albion hotel. . At Aral n en about 60. years ago there were do less thau 32 hotels. The application to the council for repairs to East street was not made one hour too soon. The Federal Government expects by the end of Jnno to clear its loss bus- tniued through the control of sugar. The Sydney Water Board decided t") defer consideration for six months of the placing of meters on all garden supplies. A sample of sacc .lini grown by MrJ W Caffery oF Pyroo and me inuring 124 ft. high has been on view at Mr. W. J. Egan's produce store. Mr. Morroll's appointment as Deputy Commissioner for War Service Homes has been severely criticised by tho Re- , turned Soldiers' League. ' For inflnenza, take Woods' Great Peppermint Jure. The cream supply to Cobnrgo factory i9 at a low ebb, the output being down to about 3')cwt. a week. Numbers of dairies lmvu ceased supplying. Unless the , Nowra council has greater respect for tho ordinances there is grave danger of it coming into oon- ffict with the Department of Looal Govern in cut. Mr. C. K. D. Meares who recently returned from England says that Aus tralian butter is better than the Danish, yet the latter sells better. Sorao cob. A cob of corn of unusual 6i7.e was pulled on the racecourse farm Bega recently. It has 18 rows, with 53 grains in a row. Thiirgomuidah is reported to have recently had its first rain for fonr years. Prior to tin' 1901-2 drought tho con solidated runs- of Thargomin lab and Norley cariied 36,000 cattle. After the drought broko less than 4000 wore mustered. Best English Dinner Sets m for £ 3/10/« at Val'cntinrs. Woods' G seat Peppermint Cure, For Coughs and Colds, never fails, - Tho " Shire and Municipal Record " says tli as the liahil of living iu tints is responsible for tho erection on the bo uity spots' of Sydney of many barrack-like buildings which are really hideous. .lodging by tho frequency with which some shires chango their ungitioars and clorks tliure must be a cantankerous lot of councillors or the shires must bo un fortunate ir. their clioico of officers. Bush honey is veiy plentiful in the Cobargo district this season. Oue per son took 31 nibs, of honeycomb out of . one nest which extended 16 feet along the barrel cf tho treo in which the nest was. Sir Joseph Carruthers announced at Invercll that the Government intended to (lout a louii of £6,000,000. Amongst the works to be carried out would be a line to connect the tablelands and tho coast. The Statu Government has decided upon an extension of the system oE nominated immigrants./ Any person of approved occupation, not exceeding 50 ( years of age, may new be nominate tor assisted passage. ' Two Nowra men the other day breasted the. bar of a local hotel and announced " Two megs," meaning that they wanted two tuugs of beer. The man behind the bar replied " I know that, but what are you going to have to drink ? " 