THE WONDERFUL LIFE OF THE EEL. m Marine zoologists have solved at last ?the ancient riddle of the life history of the common eel. Dr. Joli3. Schmidt, a Danish zoologist, has now filled up tho last of the gaps in the tale, and hero it h. The adult eel— -a, male eel is an adult at five or six years of age, and a female at anything from five to ponds of Europe set out seawards' in autumn and winter, restirig by day and traveling by night, especially on moon less nights. They probably go about ten miles a night. Reaching the Open sea they never return. But we know what becomes of them now. Their place of honeymoon and nursery is a limited tract of the .North Atlantic, about 2500 miles south-west of Eng land and 500 miles north-east of the Leeward Islands. There the larvae of tho eel are born in spring and early summer, apparently between 700 and 1000 feet below the surface. As they grow during that first summer they move up towards the surface. Next summer the one-year-old infants are found in the centre of the Atlantic, some impulse urging them north eastward towards Europe. The summer after that they are off the coasts, of Europe. For the ten months follow ing this third midsummer of their lives the larvae, now developing into elvers; seem to 'take no food at all* It is a period of some, strain, for they have to make their way up the rivers, then up their tributaries, and so many or tliem— into remote inland pools, and at the same time they have. to change their gear,as it were, from that of sea life to that of the fresh water. How ever, the stout creatures manage some how to live on their fat. By the' fol lowing April they'arc smaller than they were, but they, have arrived. * To add an extra marvel to this thrcc year-old Odyssey of tho baby eel, he comes from a breeding area use 1 by a slightly different species, the American eel The larvae of the two species are found together, and . are sometimes taken in tho same net. Yct: no Ame rican larva, as far as is known, makes for Europe aud.no European larva for America. Dr. Schmidt discovered why. by following both crowds of larvae up. The American kind, he\foundk com pletes its larvan stage 'in one year — just long enough for it to reach the American coast before its constitution begins to cry out for fresh water and fresh water things. So if it made for Europe it would, at the end of the first' year of the journey, bo c-ist away in mid- Atlantic liko a -wrecked mariner, with water, water everywhere and not a. o.rop 10 annK. xi, on tne otner nana, a larva with a European pedigree struck out for America, it would have to hang about off the American coast, like a quarantined ship for two years until its organism was qualified to go up a river. Either would perish. One stands amazed and awed at tho perfect certitude of instinct which propels each kind of eel, unguided by any accom panying parent, .a.;ong tho proper route of its own pilgrimage. But amazement grows deeper, if possible, in presence of the apparent enormity of Nature's exaction of effort both from the emi grant parents and from the immigrant young. \V'hat, one wonders, can the physical circumstances of the world cave been which evolved for the slug gish-looking creature that we see lying motionless on the mud, under clear ice, conditions of racial continuonce sd much more exorbitant than those im posed even upon migratory birds, Those who in early youth have stooped to the baseness of laying night-lines for eels may remember with some compunc tion the stony fortitude with which the hcoked eel would wind himself tightly round the base of the stout water-lily stems to resist the tearing . haul of the line. They need resolution, these eels. — 'Manchester Guardian.' 