TASMANIA AND THE EMPIRE CONFERENCE. In the opinion of tho Empire Develop- ment Union it is of th© utmost import once that at the coming Imperial Con- ference "generalities should be loft behind and all the representatives ol the Kmpiro should do their utmost to evolve concreto schemes of organisa- tion and decide actually upon tho next steps to bo taken" in Empire Develop- ment. Wo discussed yesterday some 'of tho aspects of this great gathering, which Mr. Uruco is attending on bo half of the Commonwealth. Whether a second representative will attend from Australia ns desired by the Im- perial Government we do not know, but it is ovidont that if "concrete schemes" are wanted each State will need to push ita own barrow. In re- spect of Tasmania there nie three "con- creto schemes" which ought in our opinion to bo "advocated at the Con- ference as specially concerning this iiland State of the Empire. The first -tiot specially Tasmanian but none the less of great and particular importance t.i US'-is the scheme put forward .>y the Dominions Royal Commission for linking up tho Empire by great steam- ers plying between England," Sout'i Africa, Australia, ¡«nil New Zealand, via Capetown and Hobart, thus facili trating tho transport of migrants and of products, whether raw materials and . food from this end or manufactures Ifrom the other. Next comes thc6chenK for Tasmanian Forest Plantation, em ploying a great number of British ¡boys, mainly of tno poorer class, who aro to be trained hero in tho work o', planting soft woods, for which there is an assured Australian market. Thirdly, thore should be, vvc suggest, a formal proposal on behalf of this State for tho use of Tasmanian land for intermediate training farms where British immigrants intending to go on the land in this or any otlicr Austra- lian Stato might bo received, housed, and instructed for a certain period, if they so desired, in order to become familiar with Australian facts and me- thods in a climate less in contrast than the Mainland's is with, that from which they havo come-in short, to make IV mania a Halfway House. A great deal has already boen said regarding the first of these "concreto schemes," tho Em- pire trade route, upon which all neces- sary data are found in tho four Blue books of the (D'Abornon) Dominions Commission, which have also boen re publishcci in book form. Of tho second scheme, locally known as the Irby scheme, from tho narno of the Conser- vator of Forests, who wo believe orig- inated it, something has already been heard in those columns and elsewhere, and we are glad to bco that tho Gov- ernment has issued a special illustrated pamphlet giving detailed particulars with diagrams. Published hy authority of the Minister for Lands this descrip- tion with it« data can he accepted as official, and should therefore receive ii England the attention it merits. There is a foreword by the Minister, Mr. Blj- th, but wo regret to notice no mention of Mr. Irby. According to tho Minister, there is room in Tas- mania for not one or two of these forest colonies but for many. "Areas of land," he says, ''of a typo but little suited for any other purpose, yet of proven value for the production of sof t woods, are available, where a number of such colonies could bo established, capable of maintaining not less than 10,000 young migrants indefinitely. Accepting four years as an average course, then some 2,400 j-ouths, trained in the principles of farming and fores- try, and acclimatised in every sense ol' the word to tho' conditions of the lan! of their adoption, would V>e passed through annually on tho abovo scale.'' Tlio value of this from a British and an Australian point of view needs no stressing; from n Tasmanian point of view it would bo specially valuable ns using much of our two million acres of waste lands in producing very valuaOlti timber, tho foiling and preparation ot which «ill again give employment, whilst the material will meet a special demand for our fruit cases. A special scheme for Tasmania's opn young folk has been prepared ¡ and it is suggested that whiio British capita! might estab- lish forest homes for the Baruardo and other boys Tasmania itself might sot up similar homes foi tho "children of the State" here-one on tho slopes of Mount Wellington. Leaving this very important matter for the further con- sideration it certainly deserves, wo may [speak also of tho Halfway House idea. In this connection it may bo mention- ed that a deputation of members ol' tho House of Commons, guardians ot tho poor, and educationists recently waited on the Colonial Office to urge tho training of emigrants and the pro- visión of farm camps, vvhon ¡Major Oniisby-Gore promised that the Colo- nial Department'would consider these proposals, but expressed the opinion that migrants should not bo trained "until thej had nrnvod overseas." In a British Association paper Lord Blodis loo, the recognised leader of British agriculture at the present moment, pointed out the importance of inn'.! ing for intending ngriculturiste iimI spocially mentioned tho success of the young Danish landowners so trained. It is obvious that this matter could bo worked excellently in connection with tile Dominions steamship scheme should that bo brought about. 