MBS. PICKLES IN WESTERN AUSTRALIA Writing- to the London ' Daily- Mail'/-, from Denmark during his. recent tour .of Western Australia, the famous. ?journalist,.- Sir William Beach Thomas, said, .untder the hea'dings, 'Bother England. ? What Mrs. Pioklea Meant ' ' :—? ' Q h', ?? botljer Eng land;' So said Mi;s. Pickles, late1 of Lancasbire, who expressed her place - of origin in her speech, her vigor, her hos pitality, and her directness of. comment. I had asked her whether site meant to re-yjyit her birthplace, and ' scarcely ex pected Quite so dix'ect a negative. She ''bothered' England, not from any dis loyalty* to her fii'st home, but because she waa totally absorbed in her new. Let. me' boil down: the. Pickles' family history. . . . . . ' . Mr. and Mrs. Pickles arrived in Western Australia, poor in purse but rich in hope. He took work on the railway; and after a few- years was able to buy a piece of land near Eagle Hill, in the south, and to build ?himself a house there.. . Hound it now flourishes an orchard of 75 acres, to which he and his three sous attend. One of them showed me a single apricot tr.ee that last year yielded fruit to tho value of- £3 10s. Behind the house are 2,500 acres of un cleared 0? semi-cleared land, comprising the bulk, but not as yet the chief, money making part of tho Pickles' estate, - Each year as moi-e trees are 'ringv bavked,' to the end of their complete des truction, more merino sheep pick up a liv ing in this attractive park. The land in creases in. value, both as to capital and in the provision of income, with eyery year's possession by this landed family. Peoplo in England will ask how m the world an immigrant without a shilling bo soon became a landed proprietor of bjpad acres. , . ,_. , , .-, The answer is simple. The most ,ne paid for anv portion of the land— which 13 freehold— was 10a an acre, and he was al lowed almost as long as he wished to pay it in! Most of it was a great deal cheaper than that. Any good, hard-working man can get an advance from the Agricultural Bank, if ha is doing anything that im proves the land. The loan is specially ear marked for his .specific pnrpoae: for clearing land, for planting fruit trees, for buying stock, for building., a house. Borrowing in Western Australia doeb' anything but 'dull the edge of husband ry^' It wonderfnlly sharpens the axe and the coulter. . „ '.wi. One can understand trhr- Mrs. Pickieti 'bothered' England. She lives in a- roomy bungalow, looking over a fair landscapp. She has many neighbors. The climate is not cold in winter, or very hot in sum mer. The rainfall is plentiful and iraf?a tion quite unnecessary. She can, and she vill, supply herself all the year round with almost all that her cupboards require: fruit, including graces, and sultanas and currants, meat and dairy produce. She is well-to-do; and her three sons have a certain prospect of indepen dence. The day after visiiing the Pickles' eg .tate I travelled farther south to Deumar-k, so called because a prosper ons dairying community was established there not long since, partly through imitation of Danish methods. ' I met there anofch&e; Lancashire family, the Todds, who have carved out of the for est a clLarming and rich dairy farm, car rying many head of cows, mostly Jerseys, or cross-bred Jerseys, It will be in farmers' eve3 the b^st mt ness to the mildness of the climate that everywhere Jerseya are the favorite breed and are kept in the open all the year round. The men of whom 1 \reita have workfed very hard, and have had much more to en dure than the State-aided groirp settlers now coming; over. But thev too had less hardship to suffer than yet earlier pio neers. We asked the way of one fine old long bearded man, who came out in the early 'sixties. Before he achieved final sueeess he lived in the hollow of a great karri t.ree where bis 11 children were all born and bred. Such pioneering experiences are over; :but the cheap land find wide unh arrested spaces Rtill remain. There they are, ready for anyone who will take them up. ? 