SUMMARY. Storms threaten the Stresemann Cabinet. Tile Nationalists' campaign is gaining strength. The policy of Dr. von Kahn (Dictator of Bavaria) is described as one-sided. Socialists are suppressed, and Nationalists favoured. Prince Rupprecht, former ruler of Bavaria, had a remarkable reception when he visited Munich. This is said to be significant. Separatist Day In Dusseldorf terminated In street fighting. The French disarmed German police. Remarkable fogs in the English Channel have been the cause of many shipping disasters. The French steamer Burville went ashore off Falmouth. She was floated off, and then ivan rammed by an unknown vessel. The Brobonno, of the same line, was rammed by a big liner, and sank. The crew , were saved. Collisions occurred off Goodwin Sands. The steamer Mokau rammed and sank the schooner Florence. Public interest in the Imperial Conference has been stimulated by special articles and leaders in London newspapers. The Diplomatic Correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" remarks that the interest of foreign diplomats is keenly aroused. The "Dally Express" editorially adjures i British politicians to devote more attention to the Empire and less to Europe. Sir Joseph Cook says that the Assembly of the League of Nations had achieved good work. Disarmament had moved a stage further, and a determined move was made in the direction of economy. No nation was obliged to provide armed forces of any kind without the consent of the Government of the country. China has protested against her son selection as one of the six non-permanent members of the League Council. The Greek Note In reply to the decision of the Ambassadors' Conference has been handed to the French Minister, It disputes the allegation that Greek ora- roads failed in their duty, and complains that the penalty Is excessive. Reports received from Sofia of the recent rising state that Communists were summarily executed. The authorities acted mercilessly; Indeed, some ghastly stories are being told of the wholesale executions. Two clever recoveries of stolen Jewels have been made by Continental police. The robbery of £80,000 worth of Jewel! . from Prince and Princess Giustiniani led to the arrest of the Prince's valet. At Berlin, the theft of £7000 worth of Jewel ley from an American was reported. The wife of a wealthy Danish business man was arrested, and the Je- els recovered. Southern Rhodesia became a self-governing State as from yesterday. The Governor was sworn in, and Sir Charles Coghlan has been asked to form a Ministry as Premier. There is a dearth of good mannequins in Paris owing to the offers made by Americans to the best girls. Training schools are being established to provide well-made girls to display the frocks In the big Parisian stores. The procession of trades unions was the principal feature of the Eight-hour Day celebrations in Sydney yesterday. Thousands of spectators lined the route of the procession from the Town Hall to the Show Ground. The usual Eight-hour Day sports were held in the Show Ground. Despite unpleasant weather a large crowd was present. Alderman Milner Stephen has given notice to the City Council to move for the Establish- ment of a town planning department. The City Council has before it improvement schemes involving an expenditure of £2,000,000. The establishment of a wireless station on Lord Howe Island is strongly recommended by the Commonwealth Meteorologist. The estimated cost of establishing the station Is given at £1300, and the upkeep would amount to £170 per annum. Speaking at Lithgow, Mr. Dooley said the Labour party did not object to bringing thousands of the white race to Australia They did object to bringing them when there was no land and no work available. A conference of 500 delegates from all parts of the State was held in Sydney yesterday to discuss prohibition. ' A resolution. was carried urging the Government to honour its pledge to give a referendum on the question. boisterous westerly winds prevailed over the greater portion of the State yesterday. Light to heavy rain fell over the southern districts. Snow was experienced on the southern tablelands. The Commonwealth Customs service is to tie re-classified. The necessary investigations will take four or five months. A steward on the Makura was asphyxiated by the fumes of cyanide used in fumigating the nip. Mr. Hickson opened his healing mission 'in Auckland yesterday. Many sufferers said they felt benefited after the laying once hands. The Government has leased Arrawatta Estate, near Inverell, for five years as a training form for migrants. Mr. Wearne, Minister for Lands, stated it was hoped to put through 400 Immigrants annually. The inquest concerning the death of William henderson, who was shot by William Frewer Parsons at North Lambton, opened yesterday. Witnesses described the altercation between Henderson and Parsons prior to the shooting. A verdict was returned that deceased died from a gunshot wound in the head, feloniously and maliciously inflicted by Parsons. For the month of September the Customs revenue shows a decrease of £68,35?. The actual revenue for three months wm '£?8,334,547, which exceeded the amount of the Estimates by £922,047. The revenue collected at Newcastle Customs house for the quarter ended September 30 totalled £88,756/14/5. A blustering duststorm was of no concern to tens of thousands of people who went to Randwick yesterday The A.J.C. gave £11,250 In added money for the second day of its 1923 Spring meeting. The Metropolitan was won by Mr. Jos. Wit son's cb is Sir Andrew. David was second, with Comptroller third. Itahirl, Mr. "Norman Hastings' " bay colt, won the Grantham Stakes. Sandringham filled second place, and Tarleton third. '- Breeders' Plate was won by Mr. J. R. Corteen ch c Heroic, with The Dancer second, and Baldwin third. Father Forrest, speaking at West Maitland, referred to the proposed No Temere legisla- tion. He declared the Catholic Church would not "Her one iota any doctrine of the call-of the Government. Assisted by the prevailing hurricane winds, fires occurred in many parts of the metropolitan area yesterday. Many of the suburban brigades spent the greater part of the day in beating out bush fires. Three shops at Chatswood were destroyed by fire during the height of the gale yesterday afternoon. A number of children, at the rear of one of the shops, were rescued by their eldest brother In heroic circumstances. After rescuing the children, the boy returned and saved much of the furniture. Through a wire fusing on an electric light pole against which he was leaning, a man was electrocuted at Parramatta yesterday. Forecast. Except for some further showers in the Eastern Riverina and on parts of the slopes and tablelands, and more snow on the southern tablelands, generally fine and cool with westerly to south-westerly winds, still fresh to strong and squally on the coast. The "Herald" lodes appears on Page 2 ' 