The Wonderland off Nature GEOLOGICAL PROCESSES AND THEIR RESULTS [For the Queensland Worker.] (By Dr. H. I. JENSEN.) Fluctuations Between Land and Sea 'The waters of the ocean to-day ex- tend over very different parts of the earth to what was the case geological ages ago. Changes are going on to-day on every coastline. As regards Queens- land, the coasts that are lined by the Barrier Reef are on the whole subsiding and the river channels extend far into the bed of the coral teeming sea. Where the Barrier Reef is to-day the coast was not so long ago, geologically speaking ; but the coast of Moreton Bay and the coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria are rising areas. As far back as the tune of Celsius, of thermometer fame, it was discovered by Swedish, natural- ists that the coast of the Gulf of Both- nia was rising at the rate of a foot a century. For many ages it has been known that parts of the coastline of Holland, England and Denmark are subsiding rapidly, and Admiral Hull, of the British Navy, has shown that this holds generally for the whole western coastline of Europe, as his soundings proved that the river chan- nels of existing rivers extended far out to sea. The Danish poet, Hoedt, contemplating a subsiding coastline, wrote his beautiful balled, 'The Sunken Town,' which commences : Where the sea is smiling so peacefully, There stood a city in days gone by; But the green earth opened to make a grave. Now that city slumbers beneath the waves. It concludes with— But go at gloaming to the ocean's side, And hearken, hearken to the lisping tide, And a faint, sweet music will float to thee, Like church bells chiming beneath the sea. It is the olden, the sunken town, Which sweetly chimeth far fathoms down; The men that dwelt there in days of yore, They hear not, see not, they are no more. Goethe, in his ballad, 'The Submerged Town,' perhaps puts the case more scientifically — Under the sea lies Busum old, O'er it the waters wild have rolled. For, inch by inch, they devoured the dry, Till the isle did under the waters lie. Slowly, inch by inch, as Goethe says, the sea bottom rises in certain areas, river action simultaneously carving out valleys in the newly elevated land. Slowly, equally slowly, the earth sub- sides in other places, drowning river valleys and dry land, till only high mountains stand out as islands (like the granite islets off the Queensland coast), and even they in time become sub- merged pinnacles. Slowly the forces of folding, resulting from the contrac- tion of the earth, bend the flat-bedded, sedimentary rocks into arches and troughs, build up bold mountains which in time are eroded into Valleys, while the former valleys become hills. Only in volcanic regions are there move- ments of striking suddenness and even there we are apt to exaggerate the abruptness of the events. Atlantis Plato in his writings told the story of Poseidonis, the island of the blessed, which according to tradition existed beyond the Pillars of Hercules (the Straits of Gibraltar) in the Atlantic Ocean, 10,000 years before his time. It was supposed to have disappeared in a series of eruptions and earthquakes. This was the last remnant of the mythical continent of Atlantis which the folk lore and traditions of all civilisations speak of. There was, according to tradition, a land bridge across the Atlantic Ocean connecting Europe to .. Strange to say, geology ... to this myth, as .............................................. soundings both east and west of the Atlantic show that ocean to be a sub- sidence area, inasmuch as the stream carved river channels are continued a hundred miles or more under the ocean.. The Miocene marine fossils found in the region around the Gulf of Mexico are so closely, allied to those of the Alps and Appenines and the country around the Mediterranean that it seems probable that a continuous shore existed along which these organisms might have travelled. The horse developed in America, as shown by the fact that the fossil ancestors of the horse are only found in America; but on the discovery of America there were no horses in that continent, although climatically it is ideally suited for them. It is thought that the horse became domesticated in Atlantis and was introduced from there into Eurasia, the Eurasian continent maintaining communication with Atlan- tis longer than the American. The woolly mammoth has been found fossil- ised in America. There is, however, a possibility of this having got there by way of some late geological land con- cection between Alaska and north-east Asia, where the mammoth was plenti- ful. There are strong ethnological and etymological reasons, too, for believing Section showing how lodes are more abundant and better round large of small size than round large intrusions where the funnel or apex is eroded away. that such a continent existed in the human period. One of the most striking is the fact that the pre-Aztec race of Mexico built pyramids, which are not unlike those of Egypt, and which are particularly abundant in the province of Yucatan. Moreover, the language of the Mayas of Yucatan— descended from the race that dominated Mexico before the Aztecs — was extremely like that of Phoenicia and had much in com- mon with old Egyptian. Botany, too, shows that many plants are indigenous on both sides of the North Atlantic, plants which could not migrate through Arctic regions, and which cannot stand immersion in salt water, as, for instance, the banana. The most charming and most read- able book ever written on the interest- ing subject of this mythical land is Ignatius Donnelly's 'Atlantis.' Igna- tius Donnelly was a distinguished Socialist writer and the— author of 'Caesar's Column,' a book well known to many students of economics. Plato was probably wrong in putting 10,000 years down as the period that had elapsed since Poseidonis (Atlantis) vanished. It is probably more likely 250,000 years since that continent dis- appeared as a continental bridge, and probably over a hundred thousand years since the last island remnant collapsed ; but the more we learn of the antiquity of man the more likely it is that civil- ised man has existed for hundreds of thousands of years. Geologists and botanists have postulated another continent, Lemuria, which is supposed to have in long past geological periods formed a land bridge between Australia and Africa. The survival of lung ......................... tific evidence offered for such a past connection. Geology constantly proves fairly conclusively that in Paloeozoic, and early Mesozoic times, perhaps up to 40 million years ago, Australia and Africa were connected, for they have many fossil plants of those early ages in common. A continent connecting Australia with South America through the South Polar regions has been postulated to account for marsupials in both continents, cer- tain botanical similarities, and the affinity between certain land shells in each. This connection if it ever existed, was also one of great antiquity. Australian and Malaysian botanical similarities as worked out by Alfred Russel Wallace, the great scientist and Socialist, show that in recent geological times Australia was connected with South Eastern Asia through New Guinea, Celebes, Borneo, Java, Sum- atra and the Malay Peninsula. Torres Strait is of recent geological formation. So is Bass Strait, between Australia and Tasmania. Evidences of Sedimentary Rocks Standing on the hills near Cooktown or on a steamer sailing up the North Queensland coast, one may see table topped mountain behind tabletop, range behind range, all table-topped. They are, on closer examination, found to be composed of horizontally lying beds of sandstone, with some shale bands inter- bedded. Originally these were de- posited as sands and clays on the floor of a sea. In æons of time the loose sands and clays have become consoli- dated into rock and raised high, while deep valleys have been carved in these sedimentary beds. The prospector knows that in these horizontal or nearly horizontal sandstones and shales there is no gold or copper, lead or silver to be found. He knows that the only mineral of value there is likely to be in them is coal or oil shale, or perchance, if conditions of deposition have been favorable, mineral oil. The grand canyon scenery of the Blue Mountains of New South Wales and of the Carnarvon Range in South Queens- land is of similar origin. But at Cook- town these horizontal rocks have been deposited on a floor of granites and schists, the former of igneous origin, the latter showing bedding planes but tilted at high angles, indicating sedi- mentary rocks which have been greatly altered and turned on end. In these basement rocks the Cooktown pros- pector looks for tin and gold and other minerals. There are in this district at least two cycles represented. In early Palæozoic geological time the schists were deposited in a sea as clays and muds. They; were intruded by igneous molten rocks, now granite; they were bent and puckered, altered and thrust about (as here in Brisbane we had the Brisbane schists), and while this took place they were elevated into dry land and eroded until the granite stumps of old volcanic rocks and intrusions which were ....................... surface. Ten thousand feet of rock at least was worn away during this period of elevation. Subsidence followed, and the sandstones of the table hills were laid down in the new sea to a thickness of many thousand feet, The sea bottom was again elevated, but not folded and intruded by granite, so the re-elevated sedimentary rocks lie nearly horizontal. The absence of granite and diorite in- trusions accounts at the same time for the absence of metallic minerals and for the preservation of the coal and oil shale. Granite and diorite are the parent rocks of metallic lodes. Metallic ores are generally found in the vicinity of granite intrusions, es- pecially those of tin. In the earth movements accompanying granite in trusions fissures were formed and solu- tions carrying metals rose along those fissures, depositing their metals in such rocks as were capable of chemi- cally acting on the solutions. Mineral Areas Professor Butler, of the United States, in studying ore deposits, has come to the conclusion that ore de- posits are richest and best in the vicin- ity of small intrusions of granite. These small intrusions are, in reality, pin- nacles of larger intrusions existing be- low, and they have acted as chimney- stacks drawing the vapors and solu- tions from the larger masses to a point round which they have been depositing their minerals. This I have found to hold in Australia too. The most favor- able country for ore deposits is round small intrusions of red granite, which the geologist calls aplite. Intrusions ranging from a few hundred yards to one or two miles in diameter would be looked upon as small intrusions. Tin, wolfram, molybdenite and copper are practically prone to be clustered round such intrusions. Gold, too, is often very rich at the apex of certain types of pegmatite and aplite intrusions, as in the case of Gallagher Johnson's find at Percyville. Horseshoe Creek tinfield, the Hidden Valley tinfield and the Maranboy tinfield of the Territory, the Herberton copper and tin mines, the Sundown tin and copper mines, the Norton gold-arsenic mines, the Jibbin- bar arsenic mine and hundreds of in- stances in Queensland could be men- tioned as illustrating the richness of ore deposits near small intrusions. Hence, brother, when you are prospecting don't neglect altogether the large granite areas extending for scores of miles; examine their edges ; but give special attention to country which is composed in the main of slate and schist, with little knobs of granite and diorite stick- ing out here and there: Near these little knobs, especially if they are com- posed of coarse pegmatitic granite or of the finer grained reddish aplitic gran- ite, your chances of striking a bonanza are infinitely better. If you see such knobs in limestone country be on the lookout for copper. If you see them in chlorite country look for tin, wolfram and molybdenite. If you have them surrounded by black slates and silky schists and traversed by quartz reefs look for gold. That is advice which may be useful and help in the location of new finds. (To be Continued.) The British Chancery Court has ruled that a bequest of £3000 to the London. Spiritualistic Alliance to establish a training college for mediums is invalid. It held that the bequest to be good must be shown to be for the public benefit. The Spiritualistic Alliance had failed to supply evidence on this point worthy of the name ; it merely offered vague expressions of opinion. A deputation from Mauritius is visit- ing India with a view to stimulating immigration to that island of more laborers to develop Government im- provement works and plantations. Mem- bers of the deputation state that Mauritius is prosperous. The total population is 350,000, of whom over three- quarters are Indians. The thorny racial and economic problems that vex other parts of the Empire are unknown in Mauritius, in which there is perfect ............................................................. 