NEW VIKING INVASION. NORWEGIAN EXPEDITION. Fresh light is about to be thrown upon one of the most remarkable colonising periods in history. For a party of Norwegian archaeologists is on its way to England to explore,] with rto the financial assistance of " e the Norwegian Government, the relics of the ancient Norse occupation of Britain. This task will carry them back to a time when Scandinavia was the centre from which all Western Europe was receiving shocks. About 800 AJ>: the long ships of the Vikings began to appear in - the estuaries of rivers from the Scheldt to the Garonne, and they were even seen in the Mediterranean. Hamburg, Paris, and Marseilles were among the cities they sacked. But they were more than raiding pirates; in many places they settled and, quickly drawn into the rvrfo cycle of «f OhriBtifln Christian civilisation, ririli, atir,n lent W their energies to the great activities of the Middle Ages, to the building of cathedrals and the "conduct of crusades. One stream of these invaders—a Danish stream—fought against Alfred and other Saxon kings and conquered the north-eastern side of England. The London and North-Western Railway, where it runs through the Midland counties, is roughly following the old boundary of the "Danelaw." The facts about this' conquest have been fairly well preserved by monkish chroniclers; but there was another immigration which is vastly more obscure. Along the western fringe of Britain, in North Lancashire, Cumberland, and Westmorland, and through the islands from Man at least to the Hebrides, there is ample evidence of Scandinavian occupation. But this evidence; is not chiefly derived from chronl-; clers : it is rather philological and archaeological. From place names j . r : ; --"v-fttj--.^ (the Wirral Peninsula, for instance, is thick with, them) and from similar hints we know of a. Norwegian gtreain of immigrants. But the details about them are woefully hard "to -collect and to make into coherent history!" This is the task of these latest Viking invaders of our coasts. It is -one which will be followed with as mQch interest here as in their own country.—{""Manchester Guardian".) • .: v"! 