L IIEJ . Grapilpit pird. 'PuI.tsuV.o cvmay TUtSDAY AND FIaIrAY MORaING TUESDAY, MAY 1, I023. RTn.cirArTo5 Rrtsrivc.-The state ment made by fr r Ity.tn iat the last meeting of the comnmnittce of manage ment of the Recreation Ito-cave that the profit fromn the recent Carnival will be about £50. (must be regarded as highly satisfactory in view of the cmany aills upon the public purse. It shows the public appreciat. what is being done to mnake the reserve what it should be. PIrobably in the oner future more seats will be, placed on the ground for the convenience of then public who patronise the various functions hold on thie reserve. Howan011vo Mn KNIr Unt.-We are asked to state that it meeting of the committee, in coannectiron with the send-off r to r JP Knight. will be held in the D chanics' Institute on Wedrsdaty evenaing next, at 8 o'clock. All members lre requested to attend. LOrCAION CRAnS. - tBishrop Phelan has mader thle following challnges in the location of priests in the Sale diocoe:-Rov. aFather D. M ieshou resumes charge of the Cotwwarr par iwh (after his return from Europe); Rev Father D. Fitzpatrick, from Cowwarr to Leongatba; Rev. Father It Unckley, from Luongatha to Warragul; Rov. Father J Nolan, from Warragul to Morwell as ad. ministrator, during the illness of Rev. Father M1. Hayes (parish priest); SIa Father Patrick O'Donnell, from Morwell to BSale as assistant priest IMMIonATrON -During the next lew weeks immigrants are expected to arrive in Victoria to the number of 027 They will include appr rimatoly 400 men and lads, who will be avail. able for engagement for farming and other country employment. The steamer "Barrabool will arrive about the Ilt May with a party of 160, the SEuripedes" a few days later with 170 and the "Beltana" on the 14th with 2:15. The "Ormuz" also brings a party of 80 The Stetu Immnigration Bureau. 565 Flindere-st., Melbourne. is receiving applications from employ Sera needing labor, and is desirous tlhat prompt particulars be supplied, so thaltt no delay will arise in despatching the men to the country. Employcrs visit ing Melbournem are invited to call at the Bureau to choose their men, and this plan is now frequently adttpted hrotniso.-At the Lindenow races aon Saturday. 11r Sutherltand a Royal Comedy mtade amends for his narrow dlefeat at Traralgon by easily winlning tlho Lindenow Cup from Consolation. Mliss flelfo d was unptlnced liisteel, who won the 'Trial at Ttaralgon. was placed tlhird in tihe satie event at Lintldonow M rP F Dunbar s horse Itautmbleur, proved tlhe most consistent performer by again running ta good second-ho is apparently becomirng a losing proposition. SUnrvIsAtoN SAL.. On Friday next, 4th May, at the olico of tlhe freor I agents. Theo. 1 Little & Co and Pentland & Ctufiuld (in conjunction) will sell by auction a htouse antl fivo allotmtents, opp. Butter F'actory, acct I Mr Jan Meonds and better known as c Wickes'. One Iblock has a frontage to I Chlturch Street, and thle remtainder front Camnphell Street. Locality plantt , may be inspected at cither of theu agents' offices. i. D n r zKLL- Tie continued dry I weather is tmaking its preseonce felt amongst stock. and in tlhe sutpply of milk to the butter factories. Tht w peculiar tlhing is that several titmes 1 a tlhreatentted downpour has passcd e over. We learn there were some il isolated showers in different parts on Ii Friday last. t TtNNIs Cm.un -A Imeeting of the Traralgon Tennis CIuh is announced for Saturday next, on the courts at 3 80 pm . to tliscuss the renowal of lease andt any business arising there from A full muster of members is requested Dc.Trn.--We regret to report tlhe tleath of Mrs G. hlagg, of IIoyflolld, I which stadl event took place at thoe Gippland hLospital on Tuesday morn- - ing. The dlecaunsed, who weas only 47 Ii yanrs of ago, was a native of the Alberfeldy tlistrict, where sihte residetld I until her marriageo in 1801. About 15 years ago she and lher husband went to the IHoyflold district. The lato Mrs Jaigg, who was highly res pected, enjoyed gotod healoth until about four months Jago, when site hadl an attack of heart trouble. A nor-. rowing husband and family of throo sons (Jack, Charles and William) and one tiaughter (May) are left to mourn their loss. Fir (Thilldrtn't I'etkine Congh, Woods' Orost Peppermtitt Cure D)aUsK.-On Saturday ecvoning It etranger to Trural on, named Edwardtl Flemtning, who hied been arrestet the previnous day by Constable Milno or. a charge of tei;ng drunk andt disor derly, was fined 5/, in defaiult 24 hours' ilmprisonment, by Mir J. Guest, J P., and warned to leave the town '"Yes, I will.' respolndled defendtant, who acltknowledged, iamongst othertl things, that he had numade a fool of hinmself. The fine was paid. MAY Sar.te.-Attention is dlirectedt to the fact of a Special May Sale at the OItt'PrAND TRADING CuO, ConneeC ing on Friday next - Advt For Bronchital CGoughl, take Woed.' (reat Peppermint Cure. Mir I). J. Walker announces that on and after 1st May the price of milk will obe raised Id per quart. ' Thie wind-up nmeeting of the Cricket Association will he Iheldt at Rosedale this (Tuesday) evening, when various Association trophies will be presentedtl. At tlhe meeting a couclusion delegates are invitedl to te social evening in tlhe Rosetlnlu Mechanics', when time Iose dale Club will celebrate their victory of 19212-2 I lie State Rivers and iWater Supply Commission, in response to a request fromn Mr McLachlan, M L.A., sent by rail a supply of fresh water for domestic purposes to the residents of Forabank 'The opening ceremony of the new Kilmany Publio Hall will be celebrat ed on Thursday night next, when the Hion 0. Davis will ofllciatoe. reat preparations are being made to mntake this ai mnetorable occasion. and a very large attendance is anticipated. The floor is said to Hbe in perfect order for dancing The Traralgon Football Club intend holding a grand ball on the 5th June, Supper will be servod in buffet style. and music will he pro vided by the local orchelstra. Double tickets are 7/9 An officer stationed at Cologne in Germanay, reports that he was re* cently successful in purclhasing a brandl now two seater car, with electrical equipment includtling engine starting, for 23 million marks, wlhichl tat the rate of exclhango ruling, worked out at £1.1 in English money. BIicycles are considered dlear at £1, whilst the Iprice of a motor cycle is from £3 to .l"1 in English monty. A residlent of Afaffra named Raw. lingsa loent his jinker to one Georgo Plugg to go to thle (Gloemnaggio Weir. nlsteidtl of going to the Weir, Flegg went to Sale and exchanged jinkers with J.1. Hlollingsworth, receiving £9 to boot. lie sold the jinker Ite oh. tainetl frotm Hollingswortlh to W. Iallaclher for £4/15/. A warrant Ihas been issued for his airrest, Australia's chlief competitor in the English Ibutter market, Denmark, one of the most imtportant butter-making countries in the worltl, is also the homne of it great vegetaiclu mrnttgarine itndus try, tprolucing in 1921 over 61,400 tons. lThe expltatation of tlhis paradox is Iprobablly thIe excellence of quality of botlh products. In case of butter, the very Ihiglh qlutality tends to make the price so great its to be prohibitive tas far as tlhe average Danish consumer is concernedtl, wlhile the oxcellent qluality of the mnrt'garino prodtucedl by tlhe homiu industtry offers an easy meaens of escape from pitying the exorbitant price that thie Danilsh butter bringa all over the worltl. ThIe margarine in dlustry has grown tip chiefly tes te supplier of tlhe domcestic markct, tas only very little tmargarine is exported. However, tan entire Danisht margarino mmutfacturing plant hasrecontlybcen ttoved bodily to Rigt, Latvia, from wlhiclh it is proposed to supply the lBaltic atnd Russian markets. Exports of butter from D)enmark are incretes ing, anl Englandtl remmains the chief hnyor, absorbing 60 per cent. of the, total shipments. 