SUMMED UP. EPIT8ME OF TQ-DMS NE#Si The American troops who were witb- ' drawn' from the Rhine in view . of : the Freaeh occupation have reached America on a transport. The central American States — Guatemala, Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa Eica— have agreed to limit their standing armies for five years. The barquentine Kathrine M'Kall. which, left Sydney for San Francisco in October last, has not since been heard of. The High Commissioner for Australia (Sir Joseph Cook) tendered a luncheon at -Australia House to Messrs. Compton Wood and Harold ' Parker, who recently toured Australia in connection with the cotton in dustry. Mrt Compton Wood said ho had gone te Australia believing that black labor 'was essential to profitable cotton production, but he had returned enthusiastic over t!w prospects in the Commonwealth. What most impressed the visitors Tras the tremendous fertility of the soil in the cotton areas of Queensland, New South Wales, and the Murray Valley. Mr. Compton Wood, said he was satisfied that there was no need to worry over the wHte labor problem. The industry would prove profitable in Australia, despite the high- priced labor,~ unless the present world price fell 50 per cent. There was not the slightest indication of that happening. The delegation was also impressed by the British spirit manifested by the people of Australia. Mr. Wood said the Austra- ? Bans were more English in spirit than were the English. It is not proposed to raise in Britain the necessary capital for the extensiok of the activities of the British-Australasia Cotton Company. It is believed by the directors that all the money required can be secured in Australia. The Federal immigration authorities in London propose to use a statement by Mr. Compton. Wood on the cotton industry for migration propaganda. The passenger liner WilhelmiTia collided with the steam schooner Sierra ofi! San Francisco. The schooner is reported to be sinking. Thirty tugs are going to the scene. It is again reported fhat the American Government are contemplating the con struction of another Atlantic-Facific canal. The traffic through the Panama Canal has so increased that it is probable that the facilities may soon be inadequate for all the vessels requiring transhipment. The tolls on the Panama Canal have in creased by 50 per cent, during the last year. It is felt that the larger liners ofthe future might not be able to pass through the Panama Canal. The suggested route of the new channel is through Nicaragua. ? l£ has been suggested, in view of the ex tremists' objections to the statue of Sif Henry Lawrence at Lahore, that a 20ft, wall should be built around the statue. In introducing to the Indian Legislative Assembly a Racial Distinctions Bill, Sii Malcolm Hailey (a member of the Execu tive : Council) said the measure was a land mark in the mutual understanding between the Europeans and the Indians, giving the outside world a tangible proof that the community was prepared to work together. A' girl who sent chocolates containing ground glass to a man, with whom she had been keeping company, and who had threat ened to do for him and herself, was re manded in Sydney yesterday. The Danish motor-ship Java has arrived at Sydney from Copenhagen. It is understood that Mr. Dooley's lead ership of. the New South Wales Labor Partv is jeopardised by the report concern ing ftie election of an unqualified member to'the Legislative Council. Bail has been refused Nurse Mitchell, who has been arrested in connection with the body of a girl found in the Yarra last week. It was stated by the police that they had been warned that if Mitchell secured bail she would do herself a_ certain injury to frustrate the cause of justice. A Melbourne lawyer named Kirby rras yesterday ordered by a judge to withdraw from a case owing to a statement by a wit ness that Kirby had been present when a proposal was made for an informant to ac cept a sum of money to give certain evi dence. ' Princess Mary has given birth to a aon. Both are well. ? ? ? 