THE NEW3JN_BR1EF, TASMANIA. Weither forecast (issued at noon S-,1. urdaj lor the tö hour-, ensuing).-.tv the prc^n fine, with N K to jT-«^ bin a disturbance Irom the Bight hi Motidn *? Hie Commonwealth Postmastor-Grnc ii (lion \\\ G Gilison) i« visiting Hc birt, mil will i-emain here till Wednes. dnv morning V indict of nccidental death has been returned on the body of Charles .Tosen. O'Reilh, l8 jenrs, who met with Sa accident on Sund iv, lfth inst, ut Fi-infc. lin Further evidence was heard on Satur, d.i.v at Hobart 1'oliec Court in the casa against I. J Cnvier. Not th Hobart Club won the football club piennership ot the State on ¡Satur- day, beating North Launceston V report is published a, to the work of tho rore«trj Department m estab- lishing nurseries An amount ot XV>00 pi*-sed thront*« the totalisator .it the '1 li C meeting it Elwick on .¡aturdí}, when the October Handicap was won by Danton and the Trot by Tony Almont. A Queen Carnival which culminated on Saturdi} in a crowning pageant at Sandford has raised .iGTC towards the building of a t-oldiers' memoml Angli- can Church ¡it Sandford Great on tliuoia-siii T-companiid a picturesque ceremon*.. A huso whale has been washed ,i«liore al Penguin V publie meeting at Zeolt in has pissed a re-olutinn rceiitmg the interference of the Zeehan Mumcipil (ouneil in the negotiations let working the No 0 \r gent mino. Potato growers on the North-^ fct Coast have vi-ion- of thoir consignments seeing J.30 poi ton in the bjdney nnr ket i NTEU-STATE. The Minister of Defence lus publiclr stated that the eoaht.il defences are in a deplorable condition, and that the loss ot ofhcioney in tho Australian Navj is staggering The Cuttlfield Cup was won on Satur, dm bv 'H'jnettc Lisni"'wol(l was fé- cond, and Wicamondi (a 100 to I chance* third 'Hie time (¿min 33src) was a -eeond outside the rccotd for the, race o-t ibli-hed bv Lucknow in 1919, nnd cqtnlled bv Whittier in -Iii The Governor-! loner ii li is receivod a Iotler in which the profound gratitude and thanks of the Jiipincsp people ire tendered foi Au-trali i's assistance oa the occasion ot the icccnt di«oslroua earthquake mid fire LVsendon won the fin ii in the pre- miership competition of the Victorian Football Le i"'iie on .Sitiird.iv, when thev tiofeitcd l'tt7rov, who bid previously twicu beaten I.ventlon during the pre- sent season A Commission inquiring into the lir w iyo in \dilnide locouimends a bniie wage of 11s Id *i tlav \ minontv icport *-ajs it ¡should be J3s fid 1' Simulons, who » t- on Wv-otlonn S.ituidiv, vton his second succc_?it. Caulfield Cup South Alrie.in soldiois ni Queensland w jut the same pioference with legard to Government cmplojnient as tho soldiers in the lite war ill .-.oiriuidii. who was shot and rob- bed nt Glonfeme loconllv, succumbed to his injune- last night 'lho Victoiim ilinistrv o!Toi-> a reward of X50Ü toi infniiuation that will load to Hw airest nnd tonvietion of liieh ird UucMov in connection with the Glen feme hold-up Paul 01 m-or, formeilv lion t-ocret-ir? of the Danish Club in Holbourne, lus licen .lriostcd in Sin 1 i.inci-cc and in to lie evtiaditoil on charges of lllc^cd tor¿in¿ anti utlenn¿ NEW ZEALAND. Mi lietel nid t (instable Ol-cn, v*lin were «-lint bv a iindiu m who attacked a school with *i revolver, find killed two bo}-, .no in i critic ii stale BiMnsn ANn roRisir.f. The consiocration of foreign rch tions was resumed by the Imperial Con- ference on Fridav The Senior British Trade Commissioner in Australia has been interviewed on con- ditions in Great Britain and the Cora monwcalth Group settlement schemes in Austra. lia are favoured by people in Yorkshire A South african loan of £9 000 000 - being underwritten in London A former Trench Mim-tcr declarov that it Viould be madness for 1 rmcc to ubmit the réparât ors que"tion to the League of Nation i Turthor details of the lapancse dis- aster have been forwarded by the spe- cial representative of the Australian Press Association It is supposed that Mr and Mrs Charles Markcll, of Sydnev, and Mr Hawkes, father of the tennis champion are victims of the Japanese earth- quake South African wines are beginning to oust Australia! wines on th- London market The "New York Times states that Australa and New Zealand in con rection with immigration arc deter mined to make tho growth of foreign colonies impossible \ Dutch mail aeroplane was forced to descend on the Goodwin Sands, and was abandoned Iho passengers were rescued The Japanese Minister for Foreign Affairs reiterates that Japan has no de siro to break doWn the policy of exclud- ing Asiatics from Australia A few Sikhs are endeavouring to calm the Punjab in view of the forthcoming visit of the Viceroy Pandit Malavya, a former member of the Imperial Legislative Council in India, has cabled the Indian delegates at the Imperial Conference urging them to withdraw from the proceedings The Prince of Wales has returned to London from Canada An aeroplane crashed in India, and both occupants were slightly hurt As the result of a raid on a steamet in Chinese waters, 50 soldiers lost then lives The English King's Bench has de cided that wine cannot be sold in Britain a3 port unless it is the produce of Portugal A conference of Governors of Ame- rican States has resolved to a-k the President for Tederal »io in eflictins the enforcement of the prohibition la» Russian troops on the Persian frontier attacked the Persian garrison at Diracn There is a big concentration of Russian troops in Turkestan Zev beat Papyrus by four lengths in the international match at Belmont park, US K An offensive and defens ve alliance has been signed between prominent trade unions in Great Britain The Marconi Company declares that it is prepared to enter pooling arrange- ments with the British Post Ofticc Twenty thousand persons attended a memorial service at Tokio in honour of the victims of the earthquake and lire. 