Bright future AUSTRALIA'S BUTTER TRADE. PROSPECTS OF BRITISH ' 3t-\ UKET. 1 SIR. ME ARES' OPTIMISTIC. V'It; is galling,' said Mr, C. El. D Meares at the meeting of the Coastal Farmers' Co-operative Society, Ltd., 'to see buyers in London secure! lots of Australian butter, take it away, and blend it with larger quantities of Continental butters. 'But once the people o£ England began to eat the standardised but ter that Australia can send, they will effectively shut out all blend ing and margarine. That is some thing you can anticipate in the fu ture.' ? To show how Australian butter is gaining in , favor, -Mr. Meares quot e|d. one London tratler, who declared that although some people preferred Danish butter, his firm handled oiily Australian and New Zealand butter, and found it the best in the world. . Optimism concerning the future of the dairying industry in Austra lia formed the keynote of an inter esting address by Mr. C. E. D. Meares, general manager of the Cj.F.S., at the annual meeting of shareholders of the company held at the Richmond Hall, Lismore. . ThQ acting ichairman. ;(Mr. R. M. Dowle) , in . introducing.rMr,, Meares, referred to the fact that the Federal and State Governments had paid him the distinct honor of despatch ing him on an important mission to Great Britain to investigate trading prospects. The board at the time could ill afford to spare Mr. Meares for this work, but knowing that his ?careful training and intimate know ledge of Australian conditions w:ould enable .him to take up the work successfully, the board had gladly consented, and personally he (Mr. Dowle) was glad it had done ?so. The State Premier, , Sir George Fuller, in alluding to the appoint ment, had stated publicly that he considered there was no man in the State better qualified to fill the posi tion than Mr. Meares. The possibilities of the Empire Exhibition and trade development were great, and the immigration scheme to be put into operation at an early date was fraught; with such importance to them and the know ledge possessed by Mr. Meares had served him to great purpose. 