: LAND SETTLEMENT. ^Conference at Goulburn. RURAL CREDITS AND COM MUNITY SETTLEMENT BILL. GOtHJUBUItN, (Friday. • The moBt representative conference so far held In Goulburn opened yester , day In the Town Hall. Ministers of State Cabinet were present, and prac ileally every walk of life was well represented. Sir Joseph 'Carruthers, K.C.M.G., M.L.C., expounded his Bill on Rural Credits and Community Set tlement. and delegates from various organisations in the dlctrlct, extend ing from the Hawkcsbury River to the Victorian border, to the number of 150, were Invited to express their views on the Bill. The State Treasurer, Hon. A. A. C. Cocks, presided. The Mayor ot Goulburn, Aid. Hoi Joway, in welcoming tlie parllamen tarians anil delegates to the city, said that tho muasuro was really no extension ot tlio co operative principle in Its best form. On tho platform were tho Treasuri cr ('Hon. A. A. C. ICocks), 6lr Josoph Carruthers, M/L.C., Mr. li. J. Black, AI.L.C., the Mayor ol Goulburn, Mr J. R. [Loo (Government Whip), air. O'Malley Wood, and iMr. A. M. Uthor, Parliamentary Draughtsman. MOST REPRESENTATIVE. (Sir. Cocks. In his preliminary ro narks, thanked tha municipality In giving tho'uso of tho Town Hall for file conference. Tho gathering was the most representative over held out Bide Sydney. The Government wore represented, members of Parliament wero present, representative of bank lng Institutions associated with the Hon. ft. J. Black, M.L."C., delegates from tho Graziers' Association, Cham, bor of Commerce, Department of Ag. rlculture. Farmers and Settlors' As sociation, Dairymen's Association, ^Fruitgrowers' Association, editors ol newspapers, the clorgy, schools, and others. Mr. Cocks said lie felt honored ut being chairman, and know that the amount ot work involved prior to tli6 conference being held had fallen largely on tho shoulders ot Sir Joseph ■ Carruthers and Sir George Fuller. He had pleasure In presiding, because he knew that in the minds ot many men ■ there was a latent feeling that clt.v people had no sympathy with couiv try interests. 'He hlmselt had on four or live different occasions own . ed farms and knew of tho trials and difficulties with which the farmers had to contend. iFor this reason nlono he felt prepared to stand be hind the farmers when they wore ex periencing' bad seasons. Ilf the coun try was having a bad time, It natur ally affected tho city. y 7.v ■■■: . self-hflp. . ; ;. The 1:oynote of the conference, he said, was self help, reliance and be : lief in their own locality. iHe trusted that full light would bo thrown on • the propaganda -ut forward, and hop-, ed to obtain fresh thoughts for: the betterment ot the Bill. , ".■-More, self help In . the. country this: ; . wanted,, and to attain' this;: things had t;o ptart. from the: Individual. ' (There was a tendency to leiin on tuo "Government, and it was absolutely: os;, . sentlal that country people, and''.the v, rising- generation imbue a splrlt ol 1 seltihelp.. ,:i ;Tlle luro of. the. city to the/youth '/of i'the..country was, In a large\mea-; sure, due to tlio ratoa or -wages at trading tlio younger generation. The influerico of womanhood In inducing tlio menfolk to leave tlio country for tbo city was also attributable to the drift to tlio cities;. What, was ea sentlal was tlio mailing of tho coun try attractive for the country people anil as far as possible to transfer tho conditions pertaining to tlio city tc tlio country. An oxample of cltj conilltlons which should apply to the country was the estabrahnient of all night telephone services) for ubo In cases of emergency, anil ho urgeil the country pcoplo to exert their influ ence In demanding audi things. I NOT SPOON-FEEDING. liMV. Cocks, In conclusion, said Ui< country peniile did not require spoon I feeding, and cited as an example a deputation which wa'ted on him al Queanbeyan regarding an offlcien water Bupply. The deputation ha Informed him of their willingness t ropay the money themselves. SIR JOSEPH CARRUTHERS. Sir Joseph Carruthers salil that Ir land settlement schemes they need cd to plan not merely to got people on tho, land, but to mako them con tent to stay there. Every sensible farmer now realised tho fundamental fact that as modern metlioda am' modern reorganisation wero nppl'ei' to Industry so tile outlook on llfi >\'as improved. Only by moro co operation would rural producers b put on a plsne of progress npproxl mating to that which already was available to tho more favored clt< dwollera. Tho fundamental cauoo' must bo re cosniBed and attacked. It lay in tills fact .that selthelp in tho cities was orgnn'sed anil developed, whereas In tho country It had been almost no glocted. There must bo co operation in production. In markets, in treating nroiluco so as to inako it inoro mar kctable, in storage, including fodder conservation, la buying supplies, in liord improvement, In insurance, in education, and in finance. THE MARKETING PROBLEM. To secure this tho farmer must drop IiIh traditional conservatlam am! associations must bo formed of farm ers, innil users, and primary produc era for all the above purposes. 'When co operative associations wero formed sonio central union or federation could bo formed to handle matters which needed expert advrcc. Tho members of the.so associations would soon per colvo that they had a credit which would enable them to deal promptly, cheaply aud odlclently with largo un dertaklngs hlLherto beyond their in dividual capacity. Tho farmers, by their associations, would bo able to buy at wholesale pr'ces, obtaining rebates and oasj terms. Thus the foundations wore laid for a sounder system ot rural credit. Tile bill would enable the farmers by a simple and cheap pro cess to form a co operative and credit associations with adequate muchinory to carry, on. JCtoriain concessions from taxation would bo offered; also certain prlvi leseG in regard to securing capital. No help that the best Government could give to the farmers would over be eaualito'.'thteir "ownJorgmiriSt seP help, which would preserve thoir spirit of selfi reliance" and self respect; COMMUNITY SETTLEMENT. In an explanation of his: community settlement scheme, ■Sit*; Joseph saii that if; there were good Restates in the: district and the; people wero do, sirous of forming,a community settle mont, 'they.could do so. atid have the eatatea divided;/, v-There; were..large landholder:! in itiiis . district whose families had held the land for 50 years 'or more. . JT.liere were two, method? by whiclithe land could come into possession of the people—by confisea. tion,' and by government roaumptlon. ■Neither of these methods appealed, to liim. no ho wanted thoso pioneers remain and assist In furthering the films of the community settlement Ji making the land more productive. "What was required was more popu lation, and ho would prefer to sec Australia with a population of 60 mil lions, each earning 30/ per week, u i population of six millions, each oarning £10 per week. Tho railways were not built foi ornament, but for the use of the people, and ono had only to travel b rail to see tho vast open spaces whicl wcro crying for moro people. He him self was prepared to put his mono; Into improving tho couutry. • . AUSJ^AUAN FARMS LTD. iSIr Joseph referred to tho estat liehmcnt of a company in Victor! icnown as Australian Farms Ltd., wit] i capital of £100,000, with Its objec to encourage immigration. Thii company in itself was a small com nunity sottlement, and had been re iponsible in bring ng out from Euj luntl a number of eg army officers ;vho brought with thorn a capital o C3CC0. Sir Joseph did not seo wh 3perationa of a similar nature shouh lot extend to vNow South Wales. Sir Joseph emphasised tho need for herd improvement. (Ho said that though thoro were 25,000 bulls on thi lairy farms, only about 2500 were fll o be there. To roplace them woulu nean un expenditure of. a mllliob rounds. Tlio Job would bo a slow mc, tak/ng, as in Denmark, probably 1 -5 to 20 years. Stud • breeders like the tHorderns, (Lloyd Jones. Coles, and others, must cooperate with the dairy Tnrihcni and their associations, so that by a pull together the average dairy yield per cow would be improv 3d from 1201b. of butter por annum :p to the Danish average of 30001d. oer annum. mils would mean at» ncreased incomo to da ry farmers of the State of ten millions. , 'Concluding, Sir Joseph said ho was not satisfied with our education sys tem. It concentrated too much oc 'raining boys for city and commercial 'iTe, and paid too little heed to the noblo call ng of agriculture. ., MR. O'MAt-LEY WOOD. Mr. 'O'Malloy Wood spoke on th» subject of tho origin of tho EIII whlc* ho had submitted to two governments There was a class of mm who re quirod money on extended terms. T'm Rural <Bank Act provided for thes' men. Experience had shown tha i rural credits bad tho effect of Increas 1 (ng the volume of business. Any banker who thought otherwise was quite in error. I DELEGATES' VIEWS. IMr. E. Angove was the Jlr.st dole ?ato to give expression to li'a viows. Ho said that it was absolutely ess?n. tial that tho Dill bo introduced, but there were not onough operations in progress to warrant 'tho iBill being brought into practice immediately. BETTER MARKET CONDITIONS. Cooperation was tho crux of the A'hole posit on. Tho primary Indus i tries of this country had failed dis-! mally in presenting tho produce cf: 'the'country to tho markets of'the World in a .'marketable condition. I', the fruitgrowers, dairymen and meat men. co-operated in getting their pro duce on the'market, presented well, t-hero would be no doubt that the prices realised would be cons'derably In advance of those being realised at present.. : -Regarding the butter industry, he .deplored'tlio'fact that the supply to London was.not better regulated. Aun tralian butter was placed on.the mar ket at tho same time when Danish butter, was, the consequence being-a elut and lower returns to the,'pro. ducers, . Bebter shipping was also re^ ouiredjn order to elim'nate the hand^ ling of the product so/many rtlmes. $ ■ ;DR -RADFORD'S SENTIMENTS. Or/©ad'ford, -Bishop of Gouiburn, said- tltat lie was an elementary flcho tor in matters of economic adminis.! tratlon, but wao deeply interested in this movemont ag a student of pollt'i cal sclen'ce and a rcprenentitivG of moral and toIIsIour forces. A a a bV:i dent of political science, lie Welcomed, this movement as a jstop in tho right direction, at combined forc:n which wero often cot in opposition. .Soclulism stood for iState action, syndicalism for class auction. , Tiiis movement, aBsoelationism or coop, eratlonism. or whatever it might bo called, stood for the combination of governmental with local anil eect onoi iction, and also for the combination I >f tho efforts of all classes of trie ocal community. lAcrain, this move nent was right in tho lino of trut locial progress. Tho nineteenth century had seen he State extending Its functions mmedlato adm nistrativo action .v.* control and onterpri.se in nil cir«f ionH. Cut tho twentieth cr-ntur; lad been marked already by an ad /nnco to a truer conception of the Juty of tho State. That duty war. .0 give fuller scope to group effort .viiotlior local or scctionnl, and t<. jive facility and encouragement lo: lie growth and activity of societies v thin tho State—religious, education il, industrial, pUUanthropical. Tho State could not anil should ;;o* Jo everything Itnelf; It was not go>/« 1 for the "State or for tho citizen. Tm I truo functions of tho SU-to waa i.*.» f initiate* or better ntill, to rccagnl* and sanction group notion, to ai 4 m local effort from common fundi], in arbitrate between conflicting intercr* and to adjust overlapping claim 4 This movement win; a {splendid eJTur 2nd example of group action, enlisting , local forces which the Slate could nr.t; iwalcen or inspire. IC'redit wan n its ensonco but v realisation of tho strength of a mu tufll and a common faith. ICrcdti depeuded on character. Ono of th» memoranda of the movement r.polcc of the rial: ol a cclicme being reduces to a minimum by inilfUing on iionea*. nd decent service from all conccrn:o. \s90ciatl0n not only required, hit promoted such scrvlco; ft wan "X posl Mvo and gradual training in niutu'l •.mat end loyalty. Aa far as lay in 1 bis power, ho was /eady and eager; to work for tho succour) of a movement v/lilch embodied in one practical dir^n I ■Ion the only iruo principles o£ al \ liumnu action. : FODDER CONSERVATION. I I .Mr. \V. I-:. Taylor (Wollondilly Sh re) was pleased to see that Si".; Joseph had seen his way clear t- \ make provision for tho conservation of fodder. He stressed 'the point that ensilage w;>3 one of the beat pr*« ducts . tho country could Havo- bu the farmers wanted capital to carry out itliolr desires. 'Ho.wns looking forward to the fruition of tho 'Pill ir I order that the farmers' hopes could] bo realised in this d rection. | Cr. J. J. WUIsb, president'of* thoi •Mulwareo Shire, asked Sir Joseph 1: I ho proposed to make It incumbent on every c* opemtivo socictv • with 0 enpHal of, say, under £2-9.000, that they automatically register under th EM1. . Ho urged considerat'on of the ad! visability of all these companies deal ing ■ with - rural, industries' :;>belnc' brought under- the.'.provislons of tlic; Bill. ■ ; : , 20 YEARS BEFORE .'ITS '.TIME. ;: .•Mr. iC.. E. .'Prell,' 'prosldenfri'Ofeihc GouiburnA-.P.'andH.-'[©bcloty.^said' that the scheme'^asioxcellent^'iri^Bviery direction,* but •he%c6h8ideredhthQ.':mUi: Uon:farris: scheme>20 yeara'befor'fVjts. time;.-; ;• >;'] 1v';; ; .-H:'.was ^opposedV'to1 vbrlnging':ou}: farmers and: putting;,themr6n;th6 l-ind;' Theresultwould;'bB'a)gr5ht;:'finp'nclal '/learn'>farhiirig£byj^ ,by^years ofhord labors , • 3fr. Proll suggested :'that .'it; would ernaps bo better to , comploto the .roatment or our primary.' prodputs, rjcli as wool,, beroro ' straining to further expand primary Industry In .such a way. 20 YHAR3 TOO LATE. IMr. Anloy CBra'dwood) BaUl the previous tpaakor had made a mistake iii Gavin?; the IBI11 was 20 years too 3con. Ho was of the.opinion that the U3I1I wag 20 years, too late. The man on tho land, ho said, was the man suited tor the land, and bsliavjd that tho city man was the man suit, ible Tor tho city Jobs. 'Ho thought tho Bill would brin '.bout a better state of affairs n t;.e country—tho existing conditions :n .he country being ndvevao. Tho teaching' of . IFrench ar.d Latin and such other subjects in ountrj schools was enly on inducement trv ooantry children to go to the. city and tako city po3iticn3. ,'It was, ho said' ane of the most essent al points o the,'Bill "that the children bo lnsrueted .'n . their schools in'agriculture instead i if. tliesitii)inMoe5sary.'J5Uj)iocts^.,_. A WONDERFUL SCHEME. 1 iMi'. /E. ' .C. ; Liggins,-'. Agricultural .'Bureau..:Gduiburn, agreed . that'' tho ' jchenio was u .wonuartul one, in/oi v.ng much good organisation oA'tha. Ipar t" o£:: lt?';orig-n.afars.''; t-M}' : vvTlio difficulty In tho Goulburmdis trict v.'iio ttiat farming-,was .so: mlxutl innd'. that' organisat:oit'r.:ot'.tho -menton; the land .waa a problomrnot-.toosoasliy, Vweroonie.-i-tln;.hisv mind.tbore-. Would, •aQ.:"groat'ditnoultyr.inacrt'gnnlsing^ the riiens whom ■ the^iBdl-'wasYintended ;.to ■ benedit.v.vvHo also: tfoiibtad. the. ability. tov-.wiSqii.'-thQ tmonsyi'.'iithDUKh;: there iwould boimanyiTready.to borrowit. /INCREASING PRODUC riO;^ : Cr. C. E. Ardill, president of .tho Gunning Shiro, Bald that,undoubtedly if ftho iBllI camo into operation it would bo tho means it inciousinff production. iMost of tho farmers were rimn nt;; so close .to tho broad lino that they bad no credit. If-thsy c.uld, by.tho establishment of rural credits end community s.ittlem:n% strengthen crcdit where it was weak, o* establish crodlt whero nono ex.at cd, then tho' Bill would aecompl.sh something. The farmer was ft difficult man to organise, but no one would but agree that Sir Joseph Carruthera had in. troduccd tho measure, not for \\\ a own aggrandisement, but for tho goad of the community. Ho considered that the Bill had com© 50 years too lato. If it could bo instilled into tho minds of farmers ihp.-t their direct interacts wera in cooperation, then he anticipated no •liJPculty n the passage of tho Bill. M.r C 'Psderaon dairy inrtructor k.o tho Department of Agriculture, gpoko on the co oporat'vo prineipla i.s It operated' in' Denmark. / 