RURAL TOPICS. The spell of fine weather, which seem* likely to continue, will be appreciated by wlicatgrowers in northern districts, whose harvesting operations were greatly hin dered by. the showery weather last week. Yields .of wheat are turning out quite up to expectation. . In southern "dairying dis tricts the rainfall was welcomed, as grass has freshened, anil summer fodder crops liave received a good soaking. The rain was also opportune for potato crops, and maize-growers arc rejoicing. Complaints are common 'if loss of fruit from the vio lent winds of last week. 1 hough a few coastal showers may bo anticipated from a low-pressure area to the south, the out look for the Southern States-is^generally fine. QuciMtslanjLanfjL .tLr north west of New South recfrjw.,further summer rains, "hs.^lov^jfi^feiire'jijsaiis. cen tred over itUi? and is worlj^tj^suutfre^ teily from l)ai ™. .•''■■'"t .At' " P.ttrwii, of Qta^i, uttendeit -the Royal Snow' at Catn bridge, ahd Mr. English Royal Snow tlie nigliland and Agricultural.. Society's Show in Scotland, and visited all the prin cipal Clydesdale studs 'hi both kingdoms. -He selected 11 Clydesdales for export to ■the Dominion, which arrived at Lyttle ■ ton on the s.s. Durham' at' the- end of December. A draft of 104 lambs at Addington (N.X.) market is described in the Christchurcli "Weekly Press" as one of the finest ever seen" in'the market. The top price made ■ 39/6, and 92 lambs averaged 37/6. . The lambs were Suffolk''cross by Suffolk rams "oli Romuuy cross ewes. They were parti cularly well grown, weighty lambs, ideal for the butcher, ~ " Bush tires continue -to cause anxiety to property-owners in the Blue.Mountains. At Blackh'euth (NJ3.W.),' on December 31, a fire which had .been burning in a gully for a .week' suddenly threatened Bennington's .cottages on Hat Hill road. . It was feared for a time, so. sudden was the onrush: of the flame;, that these and other pottages, would be dcslrpyed. Fortunately tin; high west erly wind' dropped, and the' houses were saved. Ijater. ofhe'r properties . were in dange^'.vbjit firefighters, .numbering about 60, cncd^8fd :tfie;fire with'1 a break; which stopped sits progress, Bulletins received from the Australian Trade Commissioner in China China /Mr. Little) are footed by Mr. Caltauacb, the chairman of . tl»e ~ Victorian Water Commission, as-: evidence of the de mand - for foodstuffs. Hong Koug, it is fetatcd, is ope of the most important trailing -cenlrets in the world, being the distributing centre for llie'soutti Of China an'd the port'-of call -for ships of all coun tries. It is wjjthin two weeks' sail from Australia, wiiieli, therefore, has a natural claim on a. proportion of the trade; Mr. Little points Out that in 1921 dried and buttled fruits raluocl at JL' 137,000 wereiui pbrtcd to Hong Kong, but only about £2,000 worth came from Australia; of £240,000 worth of condensed milk Austra lia sent only about £46^000 worth: wheat, flour, auii bran valued at £ 1,638,000 were imported, but Australia supplied duly £41,000 worth. Mr.-Catlan'ach says rs that he is convinced that, there, is a great field for Australian fresli and dried'fruits in China, and he thinks tiiat these lines should be controlled by Australia, favoured as it is 1>y reasonable distance from the trading pdrtfcr Little is knowu by the general public of the huge scheme which the Water Com mission has cpmmcnced as a meanajof water supply fjor'the large Northern Mallee area known'asSunset and Millewa. Pumping from the Murray will" form the basis of the proposal, -but/as the fulfilment wift neces sarily, take Bome time, natural sources of supply; are,.being nsed '{or tive ptesent. When; complete^ the pumps .will lift and force the water to a commanding (position in .the area, from which nicely IiOOO,fWO acresi will be * supplied for- domestic and stock' purposes. In adverse x;ircum stanoes .the area is being opened for settle men^ and ,tracks cut and cleared by gangs of expert Mallee workmen. Temporary tanks a!re>bcing excavated on every suit able catchments—Nearly SO-of these tem porary. _ tanks have already been con structed, and with thp first rain j there will be sufficient^ supply to enable,, contractors iter the scrub and sink lar^e dams of and 10,000 cubic yards eacli. By tbis [as settlement will be possible at a very [ly date, and the 1 laige dams will ntnally be contrectcd with the 'pumping 'heme. Similar work is being ondertaken the Putchewollock district, and it is ex ted that, there will be a large influx of >klers ..wi*n the railway from Hopetouu, fcntly authorised iw.-_£;ijT\anieht, is con tacted. Tank oonstriicwih.-j^ afforded soldier settlors "i Malice an opportunity Id make houio ready. money by engaging in (lie work during- the slack season. ' Mr. L. C. Griffith.'Tnonallo'ok, Alliury, sold '242 bales comeback wool at nearly .24d. per lb. for the wbole clip at the Albnry wool sales oil December. 7. Nine bales of comeback .ewe hoggets' wool front sheep bred oil Toonallobk. averaged 32jd. ■ |>er lb, which is claimed as the highest, price at Albnry for any .greasy, wool, and a re cord for comeback wool in any market. Mrs. K. M. Lungdon, of Sydney,- who has Ih'cii touring <'ulifornia, making a six, months' study of land settlement .methods, lias returned to Australia. Slie interviewed Dr. Klwood Mead, who is in charge of .California!) settlement problems, and has lately returned " from Honolulu, where aettlement schemes in tro))ical |)rodiiction ■ire in tbe air. Mi's. Lungdon was enabled to visit various settlements in California with Dr. Klwood Mead, and secured valu able data ou irrigation mot bods, and fruit growing generally. . Works in connection witb the'Oleiimng gie J)Hin on the MacAIIistnr River, for the irrigation 'of the Maffra district are pro gressing. A s'eetion of" ilie dam across the rivei' has. reached .the first stage level, which is about 00 feet above foundation, aiid the workds being pushed on with the object of completing 'tliis level'for the ftill length of tlic dam to create au jrrigation storage late this year. The .final'heiglit*of the dam will be "about" DO feet jhbove fomidaiions iii "the deepest.portion,"and the crest length about. 900 ..TM'.tjt sealing a storage.oi' -approximately, 150,000. acreTcct of water, l'rovision..will be: lifade for the irrigation of bet ween W;6(W^H!)d'80;000 acres during an irrigation season. The channel system for the Newry, Maffra, and Hois dale supply is in band, and additional con tracts will be advertised this month. The first British cow to give 3,000 gal lons of milk in one year .is the Friesian. Itiookside Colantha, owned by Sir.John F. Uumsdeu and Colonel Thynne, of the Hacks lierd, Worthing, Knglaud. Since January last it has been necessary-,to milk' Colantha four times a day, and on Octo ber'26 last, at 11 a.m., her second milking for-the day, her yield totalled 3,001 gal lons in 338 days. Brookside Colantha is eight years" and seven .months old.'. She has frequently given more than 11 gallons in one day, and her daily average through out her life is 5i gallons. She has "five calves, and lias given indie than 50 times h'er own. weight in milk.. (Jhaddesley Glen Stately, owned by Sir Charles Mark bam, on her first calf has given 2,004 gallons of milk in 358 days. There are now fifty nine 2,000-gallon cows in Great Britain, of which 55 are Friesiaiis, two Shorthorns, and one each Red Poll and Ayrshire. A large contingent of Italians arrived in •'Australia by the Lloyd Sabando liner Re DTtalia,' which reached Melbourne oh De "ccmber 20. The passenger list contains 050 .'names, and though the majority are Italians, there are many Greeks and a sprinkling of Slavs. ' Of these about J70 were bound for Victoria.' It was stated that all this contingent had migrated to Australia by their own means, most of Iheni with the ' intention of taking up agricultural work. '"We have come to ' Australia to enrich our selves, and. incidentally, the eouutry,:' said one of the new arrivals. "We are nearly all producers—there are one or two arti sans and' tradesmen amoiig hi- -and all are hardworking, industrious, and as thrifty as Scotsmen." Others, objecting to the contumely that has been directed against Italian migrants to Australia, maintained that Italian agriculturists were tbe most desirable of immigrants in that they came out to go on the land, that they went on the land, and that they stayed on the land. The news that America has purchased 160,000 cases of New Zealand butter for .home consumption is of . interest to producers in Australia. Private ad .vices. received in Melbourne recently In dicated that there was an acute shortage of butter in the United States of America —the cable news estimates this at 19,000,000 lb.—and during the last. few weeks that country has been purchasing considerable quantities of the Danish pro duct. The fact that America is npw buy ing New' Zealand butter trill have "a direct and important bearing upon .the London market for Australian better during .Tammi'tr sintl Pttlininpv , WKiIa Vntr' *7.Aa_ January and February. While New Zea land had a surplus of 10,000 tons available for export to the United Kingdom during this month, it has been learned by the trade here that only 5,000 tons will be shipped to London during January. America's purchasing of New Zealand but ter'will relieve the pressure of supplies of Colonial • butter oh the British markets. For several months prices of butter on the London market have been gradually on ■ the decline, but, in view of recent developments the prospects for Australian butter, now on the water, and about to be shipped, are more' reassuring. Producers in thin stilte will welcome tlie-^tuiii of events us, Victoria ;is still expoiiinj^pii ;i somewhat heavy sonic.' -V The tribunal which,.is to consider. the methods of agriculture .in the overseas Dominions and throughout the Empire with the vitjw of improving productionziu the United Kingdoni coin|irises Sir 3Villiuhi Ashley, viee- principal of the University of Biriuinghuin, who was a member of,4 the Royal Commission ' on Agriculture; Pro fessor William 'Adams (Oxford), and Professor ]). H. Macgregor (Manchester), wit It Mr. C. S, Orwin, director of the Institute for Research in"" Agricultural' Economics, as assessor. Details wen1 made available on.December 28 of a comprehensive sclicme drawn up by the New Mouth Wales "Minister for Lands (Mr. Wearne), for land settlement, by the purchase and resumption of large estates adjacent to existing railways, and railways under construction or proposed. Tt is ex pected that the scheme 'will be adopted by Die Cabinet early in the new year. It provides for the raising of £3,0(10,000 by loans and debentures to enable tbc Gov ernment Savings Bank .to make the neces sary advances. The highest -returns under the'Victorian standard herd test for the quarter ended September 30 were given by flic Red Pull herd at Worrihee Research ■ Farm. The Red Poll cow Tonga in 273 days yielded 12,3001b. milk, 4.16 average test, 5131b. butter fat. Her yields during previous lactation. periods of the same length have been 2031b., 3491b., 3841b., 4241b., and .40811).. fat. . Latukia, from the &ume; herd, was second, with 10,7971b. milk, 4.66 test, 5041b. fat, in 273 days. The third cow was a Shorthorn'Cherry in the herd of Mr. \V. K. Atkinson, with 12,0171b. milk, 3.94 test, 4741b. fat. According to information received from Papua the Federal Treasurer (Mr. Bruce) lias arranged for the Commonwealth Bank to finance a scheme for the pooling of the produce of the planters of Papua lip to a sum of £30,000. Last year a con ference of representatives of various planting concerns was held in ' Mel bourne", ■ and it was decided to form a national council of planters. The pro posal has been approved in Papua, and it is now suggested that a central com mittee should be formed to deal with matters relating to the industry. It is in tended that all plantation copra shall be" received by agents on behalf of the central committee, advances made against it, and each shipment from Papua constituted a pool. As each pool is wound up, the surplus will be divided among the growers. Rubber will be dealt with on different lines. With financial backing, the com mittee will be able to store rubber, and at the same time' pay to the growers a price which will enable them td carry on. It is expected that rubber will have to be stored for extended periods. Me. Miscamble, railways commissioner incharge of goods transportation, stated on' December 29 that at the close of the year he expected to have at least 1,000,000 bags of the wheat liarvest loaded at country "sta tions for transport to the seaboard. The loadings to date amount to 786,482 bags, compared with 694,519 bags for the cor responding period of the 1921-22 harvest season.' There are now loaded on country stations 871,645 bags, compared with 416,881 on the corresponding date of last' year. This indicates, Mr. Miscamble said, that the wheat not only ocmmehoed to be har vested earlier this year, but baa been deli vered in larger quantities, although the total harvest is expected to be more than 6,000,000 bushels leas than the yield last season. The loading in the Wnnmera has been delayed & week or & fortnight by unfavourable weather affecting the roads; On December 28, nevertheless, the depart ment loaded 198,678 bags, compared with 134,632 bags on the same day last year. I The action of the New Zealand Meat Pro ducers'. Board iu providing that the mini mum single parcel to be shipped in any one month shall be 300 carcases has aroused the opposition of the "small" far mer who wants to ship on biB own account. The board, in reply," advises him to take advantage of the pools which are available at the freezing works of every district. These pools Were established with the object of obtaining for the "small" farmer the ad vantages which go to the shipper on a large scale, and as the board has been formed to' save costs, the regulation has been adopted. To emphasise the need for control, it is stated that for a vessel which carried 145,000 carcases 217 bills of lading had to be forwarded, and 915 different marks and numbers enumerated. Frozen meat shipments from New Zealand for the first 11 months of this year amounted to 262,018 carcases of beef, 2,847,000 carcases of mutton, and 4,678,719 carcases of lambs. The bulk of. this meat has gone to London, the remainder having been sent to other ,British porta, ^"With smill consign ments of lambs to New York.' As the duty ou imported lambs there now is 4d. a lb., it reinainSg^bc^^^ri whether "the demand will be audi that the trade can face such handicap."^' .■* ,•. i ""■-.The '"North .Queensland Register" re-', porjs^lhal- at.New&tead;, near Stamford, in, the \V into 11 district, the shearers averaged; on one (lay^246 .sheep' per man. A. Ur-j quhart on twO; successive days sheared 294 sheep and 299 sheep. At Queensland rates: of 40/ per 100 good cheques must have been, earned. The Lands department, li'estern A us-; tralia, has' published an interesting map' showing the areas under various crops or' suitable for growing them, districts where* certain .primary industries are mainly car ried on. the' timbered areas; pastoral conn-' try, and mineral fields.'" By this means the primary industrial resources of the State are clearly indicated. ; The ''Graziers' Review" notices a rein forced concrete tank on the farm of Mr. A. Millgatc, at Rockvale,. 20 miles west of Partes. The tank is 12-sided, 6ft. high, and 20ft. "in diameter, with walls 6in. thick, holds 10,000 gallons, and cost £50. A con crete trough 12in. wide runs vouml tlio base,, and is kept automatically filled from Hha, tank, the flow being" regulated by a ball-' cock. The water ib raised by a mill from a siihanesian bore 117ft. deep. Record fine wnnl'pricos were secured Vt the Christchurch (N.Z.J sales on December 14\. Early in the sale 17 bales of the Mont rose clip made 271<1\. The second classing brought 26}d., pieces 20d. This was ex-,' ceeded later in the sale when the Craig lochart clip of Mrs. K. S. Rollings, B)eu-t heim, made 28}d. for 58 hales, and 271d.. for 39 hales. Tiie well-known '.Rakahuri j clip made a Corrie'dale record for New Zealand of 20Jd, for seven bales. Mr. Anthony Bruiiskill, Allonhy, Wsgga,' has recently purchased from North Ban-' garoo Stud Farm, belonging to the Depart-' inent of Agriculture, New South Wales,"1 10 stud Lincoln rams. These sheep arc of the large, robust English type," aud are direct descendants of the sheep imported • by Mr. Anthony Hordern, Bywoug, who' handed over his flock to the Government.' The Allonhy flock is the largest registered flock of Lineolns in Austfalia. ' The annual report of the Agricultural anq.r Stock department of Tasmania for -1921-22 has been issued. Jt is pointed out that on the north coast there are 500,000 acres of good dairying land; hut only 50,-000 milch "cows graze in this area, and there is ample room for three times the number. Hop growing is ill a flourishing condition, 8,000 hales having been produced last year. In 192*2 1,354,553 cases of fruit were.shipped beyond Australia, and 2,842,000 cases were shipped altogether. Interest is aroused in an experiment made by Mr. H. E. Bradtke, of Burrumbuttock, near Albury, to demonstrate the practic- ability of carrying on farming operations by night as well as by day. At an outlay-, of £75, Mr. Bradtke this'season fitted £< pair of electric lamps to the header, for the purpose of taking off his wheat crop after dark. Another lamp was placed over the bag filler. The electric light was found to he thoroughly"satisfactory'. The" first trial consisted of day and night opera tions for five and a half days. In this/tithe the header went through 120 acres. With out night work, eight days would have been required. The trial is of importance/ as farmers of the Riveriua are turning their attention to electricity, and are hoping that ample hydro- electric supr'ic will lis forthcoming from the Hume reservoir with in a few years. In the last ti o season# much ploughing has been done at night in Southern Riverina. Mr. R, B. Harvey, of Minnesota Uni versity, reports the American journal "Science,", has succeeded in growing a great variety of plants from seed to seed entirely in artificial light. This see trie the first recorded instance of the conduct of the complete life-cycle from the germina tion to the setting and ripening of the seed in the case of the higher plants, ex cept in the presence of the radiant Bolkr energy on which life in the last resort de pends. Mr. Harvey claims to have suc ceeded with several varieties of wheat, with oats, barley, rye, potatoes, buck wheat, lettuce, beans, peas, clover, radishes, flax, and a number of common wbeds. The tests were performed in un heated basement rooms with no other source of heat than that given out by the lamps; for cereals the temperature was controlled automatically at lMeg. Centi grade by blowing in cold outside air. The lamps nsed were tungsten filament bulbs, filled with nitrogen, and were burned con tinuously throughout the 24 hours. Quia absence of intermiitence is one of the most curious features of the experiments, for plants have generally been supposed to require, like animals, periods of rest dur ing which the physiological rhythm is altered. But the growth was continuous, and much accelerated, so that spring wheats produced ripe seeds in 90 days. 2t would thus be possible to grow three crops in a year on the-same Urea, allowing a handsome margin for tillage and harvest ing. 