MM, TOPICS. The extended spell'of'fine weather has given wheat farmere' an opportunity to complete their sowings with good prospects of a successful harvest where laige amounts of seed and manure are Employed. Fallow ing for next season will then be pushed j ahead. Feed is growing fast, and supplies to butter factories in all dairying districts are increasing. A change iB, at the time of writing, approaching from the weBt, but, judging by the weather chart, it is not likely to produce more than coastal showers. Behind it is another high-pressure area, which should have a far extended influence. While fine weather is appre ciated just now in the southern States, Queensland and parts- of northern New South Wales are hoping for soaking spring rains, without which the position of stock-; owners will be serious. The Victorian Ministry has agreed to! guarantee the price of cotton for the next three years. Details will be published at an early date. The British Australian Cot ton Association has agreed, for its part, | to erect giuning plants to deal with all cot ton grown in the State. A small roller gin plant is being erected at Sunshine to treat Northern Territory cotton, which has arrived. It is expected, later, to erect further plants, possibly in the irrigation settlements. Replying to a suggestion made in the J House of Representatives (N.Z.) that chaff from Australia is being dumped into New Zealand to the detriment of New Zealand grown chaff, the Minister for Customs, Industries, and Commerce, said that he had made inquiries, which showed that such was not the case. He had, cabled, however, to the New Zealand commercial agent in Australia asking that further inquiries be made. The Country Roads Board has completed ] its allocation of funds to country muni cipalities for the maintenance of main roads for the current financial year, and the j municipal councils have been advised ac cordingly. While the sum allocated this year, viz., £400,000, - is the largest amount distributed for main tenance in- any one year since the board was constituted, 10 years ago, it is still approximately 50 per cent, below the sum required, having regard to the in creased cost of labour and materials, and j the constantly increasing traffic. The directors of Trufood of Australia Limited have installed an emulsifier plant, which reconstitutes butler as cream or milk as required. A demonstration of the machine in operation was made on August 27, at the offices of the Western District Factory Co-operative Produce Co., King street. In explaining the process, Mr. H. W. Osborne eaid that the reconstitu tion of the butter bad been rendered pos sible largely owing to the manufacture of powdered milk, and that the resultant cream had far better keeping qualities than bad fresh cream. This was because of* the original pasteurisation, and the addit^nal pasteurisation that was incurred in the re converting process. L ' In New South Wales on August 23 there was an important development in the political situation, and in consequence there appears to be a likelihood of a better understanding being reached between the Nationalists aud Progressives. The Pre mier (Sir George F.uller) referred to the fact that the Treasurer (Sir Arthur Cocks) had pointed out that, as the Ministry had paid £545,000 to the wheat pool; it had become a matter for investigation by the auditor-general, consequently the auditor general would look into the matter. Sir. George Fuller "said that be made this state ment so that the Progressives would see that the Ministry was willing to have the matter investigated.' -' Sir George Fuller and the leader of ilie Progressive par.ty (Mr. Bruxncr) were closeted in the Pre mier's office for a" long time, and it is] freely rumoured that a better understand-;] iiig lias been reached |>etween ,.tlicse tyro parties. There is therefore a likelihood that when the vote ia taken on the Labour1 amendment to the Address in Reply the Progressives will be found supporting the Ministry. One hundred immigrants have left Slor noway, the chief town of the Outer Heb rides (off the Scottish coast) bound for Australia. I Following upon the improved demand for wheat in London, oversea inquires have been received freely in Melbourne, and within the last week it is stated that 1,000,000 bushels of Australian wheal have I been sold abroad. Dealing with the proposed dairy produce pool in New Zealand, the provision trades section of the London Chamber of Com- j meree is strongly urging that nothing be done to create pools or to'prevent the j existence of a free and open market. The French Minister for Agriculture (M., Clieron) announces that the French harvest I will be abundant, and will probably amount to" 78,000,000 quintals, excluding thc| crops of Algeria. This harvest will ren der it unnecessary for France to buy abroad, provided that bread is not wasted. The secretary of Agriculture (US A.) (Mr. Wallace), reviewing the wheat situa tion, declared that the Government was unable to increase the price of wheat. Hence, because the price of wheat remained low, while the prices of general commo dities remained high, many wheat farmers would be bankrupt. The Shipping Board (U.S.A.) has received an offer from San Francisco interests for four freight ships, which are intended to; carry out a general cargo service between the Pacific Coast and Australian ports. The board of commissioners will confer to-morrow, when the admiral of the Orien tal line and the Pacific mail line will bid for 10 liners plying from the Pacific Coast to the Far East. Mr. David Elder, whose death occurred at his residence, Itemnera, Leslie road, Essendon, on August 25, at the age of 74 years, had practically all his life been identified with the wool and pastoral in dustry in Victoria. He was born at Dundee, Scotland, and came to Australia as a boy in 1854, and was educated at Scotch College. In 1879 lie joined the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Co. Ltd. as manager, succeeding the late Mr. Murray Smith. He was appointed general manager for Australia in 1889, and remained in the service of the com- j pany until 1903. nc leaves a widow, four sons, and one daughter. j The High Commissioner (Sir Joseph Cook), writing to the press in reference to the shipping committee's memorandum on Empire trade, urges that in view of the Economic Conference Britain should recog nise the value of the markets of the Domi nions for British manufactures. Many British authorities, including even Lord Beauchamp, suggested that Australia did not desire British goods. Sir Joseph Cook quoted statistics showing that Australia was Britain's largest purchaser except India. It was time that Britain realised that Australian preference put the British manufacturer in a better position than ifj Australian markets were open to the free| competition of the world. At the opening of the Transvaal Agri cultural Congress at Pretoria, the Prime Minister (General Smuts) said that' the Government was considering the establish ment of meat extract factories for the utilisation Of inferior cattle. He paid a glowing tribute,to the excellent work of English farmers as one of the most valu able elements ever Introduced into South African life. They wanted many more of that type. He was going to England, and would say to the English, Dutch, and Danish farmers:—"There is South Africa. If you come out, the Government will help you in the same way as its own citizens, and will grant the same facilities. We must have new money and new blood and treat all alike, in order to make South Africa a first-class farming country." The departmental committee (with Lord Liulithgow as chairman), which has been considering the distribution and prices of agricultural produce, Las presented an interim report. The committee says:— "The meat retailers' profits have definitely increased in comparison with pre-war days. Their net cash earnings are not only higher, but the relative improvement in their financial position, which has resulted from the control of prices, has been largely, is not entirely, maintained after the control period." Referring, to im ported meat, the report says:—"The position of the home producer is increasingly prejudiced as a " result of improved organisation for the marketing and distribution of imported meat sup plies, and the policy of the Australian and South African - Governments in sub sidising exports to this country. There-: fore it is essential that every effort should be made to improve the system of market ing and distributing British meat and to reduce costs." At a meeting of the State fruit advisory board yesterday morning n letter was re ceived from Mr. J. G. Aird stating that owing to the pressure of other' business he desired to submit his resignation as a member of the board. It was agreed that Mr. Aird's resignation be accepted, and that the Central Fruitgrowers' Asso ciation be asked to submit a nominee for the vacant position. Consequent on tlic collapse of the volun tary butter pool in Queensland, fol lowing the withdrawal of. one of the large South Queensland factories, ap plication has been formally made to the "Minister for Agriculture by the Queensland Co-operative Dairy Companies' Association for a compulsory pool, in ac cordance with the provisions of the Pri mary Produce Pools Act. The Minister has referred the application to the Council of Agriculture for its opinion. The season for planting cotton under irrigation in Victoria is approaching, and experts slate that it will be advisable .for growers to put in their seed as soon as possible after the last frost. Applications for seed sufficient to plant 600 acres in Victoria along the River Murray have been mude to the. British Australian Cot ton Association Limited, which is operat ing under arrangement with the Assistant Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Pennington). The districts which lias taken up cotton growing most extensively is Swan Hill, where it is expected that 500 acres will be planted this season. In view of the seri ous outlook for dried fruits, irrigation set tlers are lookiug for some crop to supple ment their main production. Cotton, it is stated, offers the advantage of being cheaply raised. It matures within live 01 seven months from the date of sowing. In Perth on August 22, Mr. M. P. Durack, M.L.A., ' after spending some months in the , north, says that stagnation describes the condition of affairs in that part of tho State. Until people could be persuaded by some exceptional treatment, sucli as a better traffic service, to remain, he saw little chance of permanent settlement. It was a remarkable fact that in West Ivimberley, where the Government had spent thousands of pounds, practically no cotton was grown, whereas in East Kiinberlcy, outside Wynd bani, two growers would market four tons this year. His solution for the Kimberley development problem was for the Federal and Imperial Governments to pour money into it. He did not advocate Asiatic labour as a permanent lqeaus of development, but he believed that some modification of the White Australia policy was necessary to develop and hold the north. Mr. A. H. Ashbolt, interviewed by a representative "of the "Morning Post," said that, speaking primarily as a .business man and not as Agent-General for Tasmania, lie desired to emphasise the need for an effective system of Imperial preference, to operate throughout the Empire, in all trade relations. England must realise that she could not live on the past. The times had changed. It was pure piglieadedncss to persist in the continuance of a one- sided free-trade policy. Britain's population to day was three millions greater than it would have been if the normal pre-war rate of migration had been maintained. Britain was buying large quantities of cot ton and foodstuffs from America and Den mark, although the Empire could produce them. It should not be impossible to trans fer portion of this trade to the Do minions. It would require the "scrap ping" of the old shibboleths, however, and the practical extension of preference. This would have the twofold effect of providing work for Britain's unemployed as food pro ducers iu the Dominions, and at the same time turn them into purchasers of British j manufactures. For .some years complaints have been made by buyers about the apparent care lessness of slaqghter-men in removing the hides from cattle. It is said that the posi tion has been going from bad to worse, and badly flayed skins for a long time have formed the bulk of the offerings at the auc tion sales held in Melbourne. Where the condition of the hides is very bad, home tanners have been reluctant to purchase them, and it is understood that they intend to adopt measures which, if they become effective, will narrow the demand for badly flayed hides to exporters. During the last two or three weeks tanners have been paying slightly better prices for well-flayed skins, but hitherto they were indifferent in that respect. The opinion is expressed that they were partly responsible for the pre sent state of affairs, because no encourage ment was given to iriiprove matters. Still it;is satisfactory to learn that, as the result of negotiations with the principal selling houses, efforts will be made to improve tlic existing conditions. On the oilier band, probably the master butchers are more to blame than the tanners, for it is considered in the trade that efficient supervision by tliem is lacking. It is held that they should . exercise, authority iu seeiug that the hide* 33 j.-i .it xi._ i m _ . -it : ' -Wis are taken off: the beasts with care, for better flawing would be to the advantage of all concerned. ' The High Commissioner for Australia t' (Sir Joseph Cook), in an interview with • representative of the Australian Press A»- >$7 sociation, described Mr. Charlton's alle- .J gatious during the migration debate in ill* f House of Kepresentatives as absurdly in accurate. "There are twenty times mor« .:Jj migration a)>plicants than we can accept," -3;-. he said. "We "have the widest possibl* ■ '$1. range of selection, and, therefore, Mrs, - ^ Charlton's suggestion about 'shanghaiingf is ridiculous." The British poultry fanners' output lia* 1 ;'ij doubled since 1913. Imports of eggsde- JS clined from 2,200,000,000 yearly before the war to 1,700,000,000 in 1921, local produc- -~M lion making up the difference. An expert declares that the general farmer lias real- ,. v ised that poultry keeping is an important Ej side-line. Many farms which formerly , , were barely paying are now successful through poultry." The expert points out ? that Britain's climatic conditions are ex- ■}; cedent for poultry and egg production, and :r that Britain ought to be an exporter, not </.■ an importer. The Canadian Paeitic Railway Company has denied allegations made in the French Canadian newspapers that the thousands of Englishmen': who aire ' being brought over for the harvesting are mostly destitute and may become public charges. The Tail way company states that all immigrants will be given work with the ultimate pur pose of making them colonists iu Western Canada. Special rates caused 7,090 to emigrate, whereas ouly a few hundred were originally required; nevertheless the' rail way company asserts that ail will be ad mitted and sent to the farm lands, thus stemming emigration Westward by Cana dians from the maritime provinces. Unemployment organisations at Liverpool (England) .and Witwatersrand (South. Africa) linve written to the New South Wales Labour Council asking for statistics of unemployment in Australia, aud re questing that a delegate be sent to a con ference on unemployment to be held in London in October as a "counter-blgst" to the Imperial Conference. The council has decided to a6k the Federal Parliamentary Labour party to send one of its members to London at the same time as the Prime Miuister, so that "lie might refute any misstatements made by Mr. Bruce concerning employment • in the Coniuiouwealth." According to a report received by the Minister for Agriculture in New South Wales (Mr. Chaffcy), the rural industries branch during the financial year ended June 30, 1923, approved of 4.080 applica tions for assistance. Advances amounted to £210,428/1678. The -advances for th* purpose of fallowing reached £12,266/10/, covering 200 applications. There was poe tically no seed wheat available in certain areas, and 50,827 bushels were purchased in South-Westeru districts. This was stored at a country depot, and" more than 43,000, bushels were distributed to necessitous farmers. Other advances included £20,000 for the relief of dairy farmers during the drought. The amount expended by the rural industries branch since its inception in 1920, exclusive of debits amounting to £162,555 taken over from the Departments of Land and Agriculture on account of-ad vances in previous years, is £2,504,221, in cluding £2,080,000 directly advanced to farmers. The balance was expended in" the purchase of seed wheat and fodder. A practical means of reducing the boll weevil of the cotton plant to a negligible factor is reported to have been perfected by a worker iu the research laboratory of the International General Electric Com pany of Schenectady, New York. In vestigations carried out by the entomo logical branch of the Department of Agri culture have proved that the boll-weevil can be sufficiently controlled by dusting with ,calcium arsenate powder to permit a full crop of cotton. Universal cotton dusting properly carried out, it is believed, would result iu the practical extermination of the pest; but the powder cannot be manufactured chemically in sufficient quantities to meet even the present de mand. Over 200,000 acres of cotton were dusted last year by 922 growers, and the average gain was 3391b. of seed cotton per acre,. Twenty pounds of the arsenate per acre are required, and in 1922 the demand was gi cater than the combined capacity of 30 manufacturers. For dusting the whole of the American cotton crop 700 million pouuds of calcium arsenate would be required. The production of the arsen ate by a hew process of electrolysis, it lias been found, will cost very much less than by chemical 'means, and it can be produce!! abundantly. Since the Southern States are well furnished with hydro electrio resources, it is believed that very shortly enough arsenate will be on the market -at prices low enough for every cotton grower to use it. 