News in Brief Whilst motor racing at Brook- lands (Eng.) Captain' Miller estab lished a record by maintaining for nine hours an average speed of 85 i hours. During the test, the rubber on one tyre peeled off and striking him on the head, rendered him un conscious. The mechanic took charge of the car until the captain recovered The British Government, now that the Peace Treaty has been signed by the Turkish Government, is with drawing its troops and naval units from Constantinople and the Straits. « = Owing to the dockers' strike in England, a consignment of bananas valued at £20,000, which could not be unloaded at Hull, was taken out to sea and jettisoned. The coal' dispute on the Maitland Coal field of New South Wales has been settled, and it is stated that the mines will he all working shortly. At Randwick (N.S.W.), the dis covery was made of the body of a woman who had been missing for seven weeks, under the house in which she and her family bad j>een living. Apparently the woman had crawled under the building and was unable to return. A similar occur rence was reported from Melbourne a few months ago. The West Australian Football League has been enquiring into the alleged attempt to bribe two players of the East Perth Cluh in connection with a match with the West Perth Club and the matter has been handed to the executive to report upon. The Perth Road Board has approa ched the Premier (Sir James Mitch ell), with the request that the Gov ernment borrow on its behalf the sum of £20,000 for road construction work, repayable in 30 years. The Prime Minister has been ask ed that a grant of £3,000 should be made by the Federal Governemnt to ward the expenses of .40 athletics it Is proposed to send to Paris to rep resent Australia in the Olympic games to be held in 1924. Each of the State Governments will also make a grant toward this object. The Minister for Agriculture (Mr,- Maley), has reported that he is con fident the belt of new agricultural land east of the Norseman-Esperance line of country contains many mil lions of first class wheat land, and that the rainfall is constant and sufficient for cereal growing. The Premier of South. Australia (Sir Henry Barweli) in a speech re cently delivered in Adelaide, stated that after personally inspecting the route of the proposed North-South railway he was satisfied that same was justified from an economical as well as a defence point of view, as the route was through land capable of development for the whole of its length, which eventually must rank amongst the most important stock- raising country in the Commonwealth The. Public Works Department has accepted the tender of L. Atkins, for the construction of an additional service resevoir at Mount Eliza, Perth, at a cost of £62,163, to be used in connection with the Perth Water supply. At a recent meeting of the Perth division of the Institute of Engineers it was suggested that the Govern ment should undertake a scheme to survey and construct main roads from one principal town to another, of a width of 3 J chains, the con struction of same to be portion of the Government's policy identical with railway construction. The recent attempt of the Seri culture in Perth to rouse enthusiasm in the culture of silk-worms by the planting of white " mulberry plants met with little success as only 30 out of the 300 rooted trees were applied, for. The Society has still the balance of the trees available for those who desire to plant them. Some three hundred small-pox patients have been isolated in Gloucester (Eng) since the begirt- ing of the outbreak, of which only 40 had ever been vaccinated, and none of these within the last ten years. The Imperial Government li&s; paid to the British South African Comp any the sum of approximately four millions sterling in respect to its charter over Southern Rhodesia wnicn is now 10 nave its own Govern ment. Negotiations are pending in regard to Northern Rhodesia, which is also to be acquired from the comp any. The official report issued in con nection with civil aviation in Britain shows that for the second consecu tive year no passenger was killed on regular air services. During the past year approximately 11,500 passeng ers were carried, being double the number for the previous year. It has been reported to the Fre- mantle police that twice recently the high tension electric cable conveying electricity from Perth to Fremantle have been wantonoly destroyed by wire being thrown over the cables, causing breakages and short circuits! The Federal Public Works Com mittee claims to have effected sav ings of nearly £3,000,000 in connec tion with railways in the Northern Territory, through amended routes and specifications. A remarkableDanish invention for the pasteurisation and sterilisation of milk is being introduced by a dairyman's association into New South Wales. It is claimed for the invention that It enables milk to be kept pure and wholesome for several months, and if retained at a temper ature of . 40 degrees atfer treatment the milk will keep almost indefinite- A Lahore (India) message states that although the exact locations of the murderers of Mrs. Ellis at Kohat is known to the authorities, their ar rest has hot yet been effected, and the fact" that they are still at large is causing anxiety. The fire at the Central Mine, Brok en Hill, is still burning, and the man agement has been unable to locate the seat of the fire. A motion has been passed in the House of Representatives that the next session of the Federal Parlia ment be held at the Federal Capital, Canberra. On the night of Thursday last, the small steamer "Wallamba" went ashore pear Newcastle, N.S.W., and became a total wreck. The crew took to the boats and were rescued. A German message states that Freneh and Belgian soldiers in the occupied territory of Ruhr number 184,000 troops, and that daring the past six months 92 Germans have been killed, 75,714 rendered home less, and 169 schools have been re quisitioned, displacing 50,000 schol ars. Reports indicate that the prospects of finding oil in Tasmania are most favourable. Experts have expressed the opinion that the seepages are genuine petroleupi, and large areas of country have been applied for in their vicinity. A man named Thomas Clarkson (64), whilst walking in a Sydney suburb in broad daylight recently, was set upon by three men, and after being brutally knocked about, was robbed of all his valuables. Whilst rabbiting in the outskirts of Leederville, two men came across the fully clothed skeleton of an elder ly man. The matter was reported to the police, who considered the body had lain yvhere found for at least six U1UU111S. The insolvency of the Marybor ough V.) District Cool Stores, Ltd., was investigated in the Victorian In solvency Court recently, when it was stated that £20,000 was owing to the Government by way of advances. The first shipment of Collie coal to South Australia has been made, amounting to 5,000 tons, brought about by the coal shortage in the. Eastern States, due to. the New South Wales coal strike. The Minister for Mines (Mr. J. Scaddan), when at Collie recently, referred to the possibility of the Gov ernment establishing an electric gen erating station at Collie, first for the provision of electric current locally, and later for the supply of current to the Metropolis. A San Francisco message states that a number of Australasian settl ers are on the way to the United States by the steamers Ventura and Tahiti, but it is considered doubtful they will be allowed to land immed iately, as the British immigration quota is exhausted. A Washington message states that the German Government has accept- eed full liability for the sinking of the Lusitania, and is prepared to make compensation for all damages and loss of life. At Collie, whilst playing in the street, a lad named Robert Rankin,, fell into a gutter which pras running strongly with storm waters, and was carried under a culvert and drowned. A London cable states there has been a heat wave -in Britain, the maximum shade temperature in Lon don having reached 93 degrees, causing aboat thirty deaths. W. J. Bfophy, the steelworks ex pert who was brought from America by the Queensland Government in connection with the scheme to estab lish State steel' and iron works in that State, is returning to the United States. He expresses tbe opinion that Australia will never he able to com pete in steel and iron with America. ' i . On Wednesday morning last, it was discovered that a bag containing cash and documents valued at £205 had been removed from the strong room of the Commercial Bank, St. George's Terrace, Perth, where it had been placed by a clerk of the T. and G. Life Assurance Company. « At Willaura (V.), during the re moval of the Silvester circus to the railway station, a lion that had been chained to a hook on the lorry con veying a cage containing lionesses, suddenly attacked one of the horses attached to the vehicle, causing the animals to bolt. The lion received a broken rib, and the horse was badly mauled in the encounter. A Brisbane message states that Vindex Station, in the Longreach dis trict, comprising 450 square miles of country carrying 68,000 sheep, has been sold by Mr. M. Ryan to Mr. Frank Bond, M.L.C., of Tasmania, for £160,000. The property is stated to be one of the finest of Central Queens land. £ I Owing to heavy snowstorms in the high country of Southland (N.Z.), it is reported that about 100,000 sheep have been snow-bound for the past three weeks, and it is feared that the mortality amongst them will be heavy. Seventy-five cases or pneumonic influenza is reported from Canter bury (N.Z. ), with ten deaths. In Wellington, influenza is extremely prevalent, but in a mild form. Sydney police are searching for the body of a young woman named Mrs. Heaydon, who has been missing sinee last October, and who is sup posed to have died of an illegal oper ation, the body being disposed of by burial in vacant land near the city. 