COUNTRY A ijtii-eii carnival at Werribee in aid of the Roman Catholic school returned a profit of 12250. According to an official ta.t'-meni there are only S4 lull- blooded abori gines in Victoria. A new hospital has be.-n built at Hoorr at a, cost of £4000. The money V;e-- subscribed bv the people. Tim soldiers" hall at Donald has beer, sold for 11050. Proceeds will be dev:>ted to the erection of a. new hall. Milduro shire lias decided to bor row £5000 for various works, includ ing the const ruction of roads at Rod Cliffs. 1 p to the present 300 transmission towers have been erected between M'.rewell and Melbourne in connec tion with tite electricity scheme. A mining revival has taken place at Murimmgce as the result of two rich crushings put through recently. All the old roofs have been taken up again. A company has been formed for tin- reetion of a community theatre in Rendigo. Plans for a building es timated to cosi 140,0'Hi have been ap proved. The Warragul soldiers' memorial Was unveiled this week by the Gov ernor- General (Lord Forster). The memorial is of granite. and cost £900. A company has been formed to re suscitate the Geeiong "Times," which recently ceased -publication - owing to the --withdrawal of the chief pro prietor. Cotac is to be supplied' with elec tricity from Gcelbng by the end of April. This will Constitute the first Jink in what is known as the Western District power scheme. A proposal is on foot to obtain water supplies for various Western District towns from the Grampians. A conference' is to' be held at Warr- Bairtbool to discuss the project. A new shire hall was opened at Yea leet weefe A'pr. castlU lain ing documents Vras plaeeq hndfir the memorial stone hy Of J-. Quia lad, who has heert fc. cefiifClllei sided 1874-. The 13 "Danish hoy apprent ices en the Danish Government reformatory ship Sterna. Who deserted ship at Gcciong on March 81; have been sen tenced to one mouth's imprisonment-. Six applications hare been deceived for the position o t schoolmaster at Pentridge. A selection will bo made by the Public Service Commissioner soon. It. will he the duty of the man j appointed to teach prisoners, i The headquarters of the < 'rait- i bourne shire arc to be transferred ) front Crunbournu to Kooweerup. The j engineer has been instructed to pre- 1 pure plana and specifications for new i offices, not to exceed 12 5(10 in cost. | For the quarter ended March 31, exports from Geelotig represented n total value of i'l. 003,21 8. This in cluded wheat £660,623, a little more than a third of the quantity shipped for the corresponding period last ; year. j j The question of a suitable route forj ja railway to eonnect Oaklandsj (N..S.W.) with the Victorian system j | is -now being freely discussed. Yar- j | rawonga residents are agitating for an i extension . front that centre to Oak-: j la nds. j Wsn-rsigul Council has passed a re-j ; solution advocating a royalty on all! coal used by the Electricity Commit'- j j sion. It is proposed that the money I | thus raised should be devoted to the! i maintenance of national highways in j Gippsland. ; Several Italian immigrants who j reached YiH oria last ui-el; have j' taken up work in (he Otway Forest, | on a settlement purchased by a ; wealthy Italian resident of Melbourne ; to give his countrymen <n occupation on landing, j A representative of a large Euro- ! i pean company, owning a fleet of! j motor ships, will visit Warrnambool | at an early uate to .investigate the safety of the port. If his report be J favorable the company's vessels will I start calling at Warrnambool. The Railway Department asked the people of Mirboo North to guar antee £17 a week for a motor train service from Morwell five mornings weekly to enable pupils to attend the Mirboo elementary school. Resi dents consider the amount excessive and have rejected the offer. A start has been made with the sol diers' memorial at Healesville, which will consist of a hall, shire offices, council chambers," soldiers' club rooms, mechanics' institute and bil liard room. The contract price is £8518. but. with furnishings it is esti mated that the total cost will be £10,000. The acceptance of several large ten ders in connection with the Yallourn electric supply has been approved by the State Executive Council. These Include:- — Coal-handling plafit, Gib son, Battle Ltd., £63,274; feed water evaporators, Government Dockyards. New South Wales, fl0,S71. Steam ( iurbtne-Aiiybrt l&btllr; JfeeA Ferrler and Bickinsdn fitii £65jMJ. While making fexwivMfoilfc at Snar ing .Creed for ill 8 entUjrS ieWSrage services; Workinetl fb'dttuL the rjetaainf of afield sludgy thadHel ill tile fenld dicing llafcs j# W Go vernment and fauniel|>aitjF f £ . of IdOQO-. Although iil trta ferbufta for more than 05 years, the timbei: was in a good state of preservation-. 