DAIRYING IN HEW SOUTH WAL1S. -The Minister for Agrieultiu-e (Mr. Chaffey ) has made available a com- iprehensive report deal'lng with the position of the dairy industry in New' South Wales. It mav have been com- piled to assia't in immigration. , If so, it is well done from the immigration agent "s point -of view. Or it may be intended to boom the industry during the show season, which has just opened. If sor it -is of equal merit. Whatever the intention may be the bright side is presented in roseate colors, the attractiveness of which i3 apt to be overlooked iii the .shadow of the glbont so frequently associated with dairying. Nothing- is lost therefore-— probably a good deal is gained — by; bringing directly under notic-y the side of the picture which tells that back ward as the dairy industry of ' the fctate is often said to be it is in many respects able to hold its own with ills contemporaries of other parts of the world. A few extracts will serve the purpose of illustration: — "'Every ('New . South Wales) dairy fanner takes advantage of the geniall climate to regulate his cows to come in mostly in September and October, thus milking them when climatic con- ttiuons are most congenial to tue worker, and when pastures grow pro- jifically enough to enable the herd to be kept without liand-feed'ing. "Dairying conditions are thus earned on in New South Wales under the best conditions available for getting' the largest miik yield at the lowest cost and with the least inconvenience and work. The -highest records given compare favorably with those of any part of the world. New South Wales holds the world's record for hutter fat- production; . the Australian record for butter fat and milk -in Milking Shorthorns, Jersey, Guernsey, . and (ilawarr'a breeds, and the Australian record in Ayrshires and Friesians. Last year, for the first time, large quan tities of butter were sent to North America, where it competed with Danish, New Zealand, and American makes. New South Wales manufac ture was considered ' the' best — our brands sold at a premium. (Yet in England we have to take 20/ under Danish and 8/ under New Zealand.) The United States manuf aeturerers . and the professors in their dairy col leges now state that in future they must look to New South Wales for guidan'co in butter manufacture. They purpose sending a delegation of butter- makers to visit us to learn how to do it. Iii 1921, New South Wales exports, to England totalled over 16.000 tons of hiitter. Out of this 68 per cent. .was of choicest quality. Yie- tona's percentage of choicest was 34 per cfent. - There are some 700,000' dairy cows in the State. New South Wales has spent nearly £300,000 in building an'd equipping new butter ffalctorics in the last two years. Plans are. prepared and-' work is under way for £250,000 worth of new buildings and plant to be spent during the next two years. By J930 it is expected that the dairy fanners of New South Wales ... Anil ; haAre' expended through their co- operative concerns, in bring ing their factories up to the high Standard necessary to manufacture the best quality dairy produce, a total of nearlv £ 1,000,000. ' ' So that whatever the shortcomings of New South . Wales may be — by 'city fanners they are monotonously repre sented ." as appalling: whatever the obstacles standing in the Avav — there are yet many; Av-hatever the ad\"ersi- ties of too much .rain at one time and too little at another, they - have laid the foundations of a State asset that promises to de\"elop into very large proportions. For the twelve months, 1/7/21 to 30/6/22, the butter manu factured in New South Wales totalled 9o,323,608!!b.s. The present1 annual consumption of butter in Ncav South Wales is estimated at about 271bs., or about a half-'pound per Aveek, per bead. . In 1921, which was a normal season, the amount manufactured was equal to about 401bs. per head. 