METEOROLOGICAL. The Iccal temperature readings f-’i the last 24 hours, as supplied oy Mr Jolm Brittain of the Mount Pleasant Observatory, are as follow Maximum isnade), degrees; minimum (shade],. oV'.2 degrees; on grans, 08.8 degre.es. . RAINFALL. The rainfall for .the 48 hours-ended, 6 o’clock last night wa s il points; to- T tat for the" month. :28Q' points. 0 ; ■ The hai’Ohiei rmai readings, by Messn (Jar ter and Woman, werer-i- 1 9\. a:m., 29.738; '3 p.m., 6 P- m ;-j 29.725. Moisture 9 a.in., ~'BO. per. cent.; 3 p.m., ?9 por cent.'; 6 ; -£.ux.; 30 per cent. Conversion of Com momve a! th Loan.— The Question of the re- investment of fluids caused by the maturity of the Commonwealth 5 per cent. . loan .. of. £38,700,000 on loth September, 1923,. will bb paramount to many during the course of the next few weeks. The -term-of the new Convers.on Loan iio\v bn the market will meet the need of investors looking for a safe investment ■aft -.a good rate of interest,, over a lengthy period. The new issue per mits of the conversion -of old stock, or bondu held in the Commonwealth ; 5 per cent, loan maturing in September next, to he transferred into stock or hpnda maturing on lotli September, 11)48. The rafco of interest i s similar, being 5 per cent., with. a special cash .bonus of £l,for cadi <£loo converted. The currency of the loan is over a period ,of 25 years- thus- the investor u) securing a sound investment, hacked by -the. Commonwealth Government, witli : ‘a irateof interest that.. : in all probability will be relatively high in a .year or s o. So recently as 1914, Lov er nine nt loans were , raised at 4 por cent., and it is thought from the general ! trend of things, rates offering for the future must of necessity- come below those ■ ruling during war years. Thus, an. ;investment at 5 per cent, for 25 must -prove, itself Uv. sound one, both from a selling point' of-view, and j that of the ; investor who holds his stock or bonds fbr.the*full currency of the loan. - The prospectus c'ontainiiig. full particulars of 'the' conversion loan may be obtained ai. any..bank, savings bank or money prdef ;offic'ev The last day . for receiving, applications for con version ia 31st May, 1923:. . ■ -Bleak- Mfeather Condi tipiis. The weather yesterday had alt the flavor of .the middle of July. A Jjleak wind blew, and showers fell' hif/regu lar in tervals. . Since the drought broke up .280 points of. r,ain i Jrave,fallen, in Bal larat.' ‘ ; . Empire-Day in Schools.—ln all , tlu>; cta'ie schools of Victoria- 'Empire Day will -be celebrated- " v my ■' * Thursday. Schools will assemble at' tlid usual-time in tile morning, and wi]l carry out a opecial programme, consisting of les sons, an history and geography relating to Great Britain and -the- Dominions, addresses, recitations, reading, and patriotic songs. -At the-;close the. Na tional Anthem will be Sung, and- the flag will be saluted ' with' tlio; ceremony c-h served'on Monday moriiingjs. To enable them to take part .in any dis trict celebrations arranged .the pupils will be released from studies in the ’afternoon. . ■ Danish Immigrants.—Referring to pile adverse, criticism. diiecfcod by Be iia.boi* .Guthrie at. the: bringing out ot 25 Danish families to. carry on dairy ing work at Ohiitern, M r Oman ; (Min ister of Lands) said yesterday that the land was very .suitable dor dairying, and the Danish people'Wjejre just;■>the class to make a success of it. .Cattle and Sheep;. Market.—Of the ,177 yarded -.aib:-'thg) Corporation Yard's! yesterday only a' few' -pens were of choice quality. Thera was a good «i -tendance of buyers, competition was keen throughout', arid prices improved to the extent of ’£3 "to £4 a head. Prime bullocks. realised ■' from £lB 'to £20,; and' a few touched' £22/10/. There was a' heavy supply of calves, ami’. the best .'forward brought £6/8/. Sheep totalled 5764. Ewes wore in the majority.' A few pens' of clioice wetheis had good .demand, and values wont .up again at one s-t-age-of the sale* as much als 3/. Odd sheep •commanded 68/, hut,the price of prime crossbred wethers generally, ranged, from 43/ to. 59/. . Extra quality erbsobred ewes sold at 45/ to 51/4. Only 784 lamibs came to hand, and : choice sorts sold well, the. top rate'being.4o/. . Infectious Cases Reduced in Number. —The purification of the atmosphere caused by recent ■ rains has' .resulted in the; number of .patients in the infecti ous diseases wardht' tho OBoepitai be ing considerably reduced. A few week s i ago’, there .wore ,22 patients '1 ri the' Ward, but how: there are only eight. ... . . *,. ’ • Infant Welfafe Control.—Ajcicording to a statement by; the'.Acijiig Premier (Mi M‘Pher.soii) h ex ists oh the part of several .of the municipalities, in his; propos als. for - the constitution -./of-a central committee of control of infant -welfare organisations. Mr M'Pherson said that he proposes to cieate a; central body to deal with matters of ■ general principle and policy. All questions'of internal details will be...left in .the hands of thp branches a*j at present. Each committee ,will be free to decide which system '■ of food it will use, and other similar matters will be left en tirely in . its hands.' Mr‘ M'Pherson has suggested a central committee ot control because the two organisations cannot arrange a basis of amalgama tiou. .This: central cpmim-ittee, which '.would consist of. representatives of the Ministry 1 and the municipalities, with am advisory committee of medical p-rac t’tiouers, -would deal with matters af fecting the welfare of the centres • gen-1 orally, and would - hot interfere in ques tions of.-internal details ' unless the management required radical altera tion. • " ' ' ■ ' ' A Promising Find.; —Mr J. Bren, a Napoleon's prospector, has discovered what looks like a promising make ot stone at Durham Lead, near Napo leons. It ig -believed to be a continua tion of the Little, Bendigo lode. .Mr. Bren and others have pegged out leasts and the find is arousing great interest ;u ,iha locality. „ - ; ; . , Y.M.C.A. President on Proh.b’tion.—- During the course or a welcome to Mi E. : J. M'Oonnon; at the Y.M.C.A. Hal, last.night, lie Was invited' to say somi. thing prohibition ini America Jtle s»id that thefe ! ,s,.eme<d to be a fa r ly goheral/opniioh Among the working p-opie lie hadVspdlven to that prohiliit tion had done a lot of gocjd, and that tlie United' States, would not’go back to the old order of things. A lot of peciple, however, thought that .prohibi tion was wrong amd 1 had done • harm toi?rn‘any aa^’would not last long.) After hearing -both sides .one . * JncKfied was eertjv nly that' prohibitipn nad.,dofhe j a lot .'of good. in'-dhe ;Bta,tes, BeyW.it wpuld work out aU jfight, bui it wah. ndt alk right yet.... There -was a lot of crooked .work, ,“,boot4egging ) '’ going on. In some States,, such as New., York and Oomieoticut, whei'e the popu lation was 1 thickest, _ they ' had never ratified the-Federal.)Aot itofofeing pro hibition. .; The' ;the State) jpplice .iyouid imt:Buppre® ; ‘ < boot .. legging,’? and thei..work had to-he done by - the Federal; police. - ’ . When they heard that prohibition was not aU that was claimed for it,, they berrthat this wag in which ! hfld’not’enforoed whold he v ' tonsidSred that'prohibition had done a v ldt of good for. America, afid : the. opinipn- of most people was; that ;it Had dome to stay. , Taken* Up Duty.-'—The newlv-appoin-. ted governor of the Ballarat gaol, Mr St- npietpn, lias taken up duty. Meat Trade Competition.—ln the ;ftrst-.three months of the year Australia ivaa a-largo exporter of mutton .to the United Kingdom. It supplied Lon-mi : aud_' English provincial 'markets with 1.053,197 cajreuses 7X mutton, and 1;46i2,579‘ of lamb, 'very much greater quantities than -were shipped iromNew Zcaland and the Argentine; Of, beef however, the shipments from the Com-, moil wealth were 108,921 qua; tors only, 1 compared with 72,291 ..from -New Zea land, ‘ and 405,181 quarters qf .frozen from'the iVrgentinc. . "But in. addi tioh. 1,092, €O9. quarters'of chilled beef, .jvore received from, tile Jatter country. The. demand for frozen beef' in Eng land • is- largly: influenced by the quanti ties of chilled : available. •• In-their cir -stilar of April' 6, Weddel ahd Cos. .Ltd!, referring to ..marliet conditions; of the preceding tire - ' weeks, state S .I ‘Argen tine frozen meat" was in.,fair ..request for. twb or three) days-,, hut since the of ,chilled •i«Wfp..been--heavy and consequently frozen beef .has been peglected.” In these two weeks, owing ibo. the., .large - -arrivals, . chilled, beef touched the lowest rates so. far this year—ißJcl. a lb. for forequarters, amd. ■5 3 8d“ fpr hindquarters. . , Meeting of Umpires.—A conference of umpires engaged by the Ballarat Football Association, - and-' of captains and r'ooaches of 'the vwicuo clubs, was held",last ‘evening. - Mr T. "Williams, who is to be 'appointed, to tß^dflaocin-. cHiir, and sbbke .with regard' to many,' matters, •the observance of which to secure a more even interpretation of t the rules. It is hoped that the con , -V ■ ; V ference : will result-' in .methods:! of um piring being, mad© more -uniform, with ine. lesuit that better exhibitions of the game will he provided for the public. Kvaded 1 Train Fare.—-David Dick was charged 'in : the City Court yesterday with liavhig ■travelled on tram and having evauod payment of his fare. Mr il'unio, who appeared, for• the Elec tric that on 29th April tne defendant travelled -with a iady- from Mount Pleasant to Grou nd© street, 1 and asked for change of a shilling. Tho niofcormaii handed him two sixpsajees',. and lib 'put both! in. his pockc-t.'• When again challenged about paying Ins fare the defendant 'Stated that tho •motorman had deducted 6d out cvf •• his change. Mr Home said that the suggestion against the motor man' was a serious one.' 'Motorman liidoy -gave .evidence pi support- of conns A’i statement, and said that, die defendant remarked, ‘ ‘Pringler has had enough.out of us.”/ Witness haid given the correct change, and the defendant ;£ each end of the journey declined to nay'his fare; •-Inspector' Jafiios' he interviewed .the aefendarit,'! who re marked, “I paid . thd driver'. .1 gave him a shilling,., and he only gave mo two ‘trays’ change.-” . Mr Ellige-t, P.M., said that, the- bench was satis fied that there was no excuse for eva sion of the tare or for the suggestion that the motorman ban given the wrong change. A .fiiie ,of £l. with £2/9/0 costs, was imposed. • . Condition Worse.—Mrs Sullivnn, wh° was badly burnt at . . her 'honfe at Black , ,'Hhll on. Saturday nightp- 12th May, and Ms., an inmate of the’Hospi tal, was reported- last night to be no* quite so well as •oh previous diiy. 