PRIMARY PRODUCERS; RICHMOND DISTRICT COUNCIL. MOVE ON TICK QUESTION. PROPOSAL FOR A RABBIT BOARD. MARKETING OF BUTTER DISCUSSED. I The quarterly meeting, of the Richmond district Council of the P.R Union was held at the Kyogle School of Arts oii Tuesday last. The District President (Mr. F. H. Bartlett) presided. Mr. W. T. Misainghamj fM.L.A., was als'o in attendance, and gave valuable advice on many of the motions set down for discussion. The number of dele gates present constituted a record, which , speaks wpll for the future..of the Union. DELEGATES IN ATTENDANCE; ■' Alstonville, P. H, Bartlett and a! L. Elvery Bungawalbyn, D. Dolbv Bau^'alow! J, J. Hayter, A.' Moffitt, T. j. Squelch ; , Bora Ridge, A. V. Hetherington ; Brooklet, S. Priestley; Back Creek, K. Cooper ; Blue Knob, C. L. Pratt; Chelmsford, J. E.. Plim • Coraki, J. Kennedy, F. Paff ; Channon, d! Currie ;< Corndale, J. T. Parmenter, A. E. "Webb ; Coffee Camp, T. Dickson ; Coorabell, ,T..Doyle.; Casino, G. Taylor ; Dobie's Bight, E. S. Bond ; Dunoon, W. Munro, M. Donohua, J.; W. Irvine • Dungarubba, P. -A. Hoare■■■• Dorroughby, R. J. Arthur ; -.Ellangowan, .3>; J. Fallon-; Eltlia'm; R; ;McKiririon, H. H..Win-' ton ; Ettriek, V.. G. Kelly ; Edeiiyille, . C. - Bopf.; Fairy Hill, E. 'Whitehead;; \ Findon Creek,. C'has. . Hogan ; Greenridge,' Jas. ^Xj-obley; Homeleigh, F..-'S.' Griffith* ;, Holse shoe Creek,' .1. W. Ramsay, J. J. ;Hefferman;' Jiggi-Georgica, A. J. Clarice, -,-R; C. McLen nan ; Keerrong, P.--Fields ; Kyogle, B., E. Alcorn, S/J. 'Sargeht; 0.. GV> Green ; Kippen-' duff, G. H-. McKee ; Knockrpw, A. C. Alcorn; Leeville, S.r BallLismore,- F. ' Crowther, RV W. Simes,. G. Elliott, J. C. Macartie, • J. H.' Frith ; Maioom Creek, H.; H.- Worboys • NUmulgi, W. B. Smith, D. Clark ; .Newrybar, H. D. Alcorn ; Nimbiir, J.- T. Ronaii," G. R, Southwell ; North Casino; S.. Pratt ; Pearcc's Creek, F, S. Gibson, D. A. Johnston ; Ppssum Creek, L. Sinclair ; Rous Mill, V. Mortimer,. T; O'Donnell; Rosebank, W. J. Hepburn,. E. Stratford ; ; Rappville, W.' Amos ; Rock Valley, E. M'cLean ; South Guudurinibit,. H., WhitieyJ J. Rodgers ; Stratheden, J.» Lowe ;• .Tqolarop. R. Spinks, J. T. Payne ; Tregeagle-: Chilfcott's Grass, A. W. Cottee ;' Tunester, . M. Maloney ; Tatham, M. Gooley y Toonum bar, W. "Piggott Teven, J. {Hitchcock ; Tintenbar, W. H. Clavan,. J.. H. Campbell:; Tun table Crelc, A. Nar'di ;: Upper Ederi and Wyndham Creek, C. Piggott ; Woodburn/ Captain Davis, P. McDonald/W; Thompson '; Wadeville, E. C. Green ; Wyangerie, J. Kemp; Wliian Whian, G. W.' Cole ; : Wy rallah, C. G. Small, C. W. Mason ; North Creek, E. J. Mcanev ; Green Pigeon, O. C. .Walters. . - i " -\ WELCOMES EXTENDED. : ; The president said he -was glad to see such a splendid gathering of, delegates, assembled . in: Kyogle to carry on a work which liad so much, benefit to'them all. He hoped when, the next meeting was held there they1 would have an attendance of just, double.' It showed a great amount of. unanimity. He "was pleased to welcome Mr. W. T.' Missing ham, who was their district president at one time. He had worked for the benefit, of the primary producers ever since, and hoped he would still continue to do so. To him he extended a cordial welcome as a primary producer. It was not often the Church and State "vrere represented at' their •'quarterly meetings.: ATchdeaeon Lampard (Alston v/lle) represented , also; he extended a warn welcome on behalf of. the delegates of the Richmond District Council. Mr. Geo. Fleming, a past president of the Kyogle branch, and one time presi j dent of the Kyogle A. and I. Society, was " also present as a visitor, having been a resi dent of Victoria for the past two years. To him he also extended a cordial welcome, greeting.- him as an old friend. .Thfe 'ipfie^i* dent also introduced the new District "Sec retary (Mv.. R. ,C. Gibson),'who appeared at a District Council meeting for, the first time. PRESIDENT'S REPORT. Mr.. Bartlett submitted the following re port :— . Acting on instructions your executive in; vited applications for the position Ett.a'.fixed salary, and from amohg'49 ieccived, after careful. consideration, and reduction ' of the number to eigh t—any of whom would have been c.ipable—we unaninvousiy, decided' on-, the appointment of Mr. R." C.: Gibson,r who, we feel confident, will efficiently :discharge' the duties of the office, with energy 'and tact, thus increasing, the ' usefulness :and power of the P.P. Union iii this district and the State generally. With Mr. Hayter 1 attended the-session of the Central.Executive on the 21st'March and following days, when matters from this District Council were considered.' • Some were endorsed : some not, But all 'received careful consideration. Taxation' of co operative factories reserve^,' Valuer-Gen e*al's Department, and butter stabiliasation scheme received the unanimous endorsement ■tof the 'Executive. . Regarding, the. latter a. commission, was appointed to act in con junction with the stabilisation committee to strain.-every nerve in trying to bring the flchemb" Into operation before October (next.' The present depressing account d£ values of dairy produce in the Londoii markets'may materially help in consummation, but when we get opposition scattered broadcast that, the' law of supply and demand for some occult reason may for a-tune be thwarted. Withal, this law is immutable, and will iu all respectable commercial dealings-continue -to obtain. It makes very; hard the. work of convincing, those persons who are. not fully alive to the position. If prices of ciairy products were dropped in Australia to day to the London parity it would not be . possible to produce butter, cheese and bacon, and live up to the standard of Australian conditions. • : The Executive are pursuing the Valuer-Gen eral's Department and Valuation of Land Act, and if we cannot obtain a repeal of-thfe Act, an amendment will be sought, exempt ing rural lands from its operation. I believe there is a possibility of the latter being obtained. The co-operative factory reserves matter iB being followed up from all angles in the hope of ultimate success. During the recent visit of the Federal Treasurer and collea gues to this district a kindred organisation placed the subject before' him and secured a sympathetic hearing. The "P.P. News" liaB'be,en rebuilt and placed before you in a most creditable form, and I appeal to every delegate to get his branch members to become subscribers to it. The only way to make our Union the power ful organisation it ought to be is to get every producer into it, 'and the best, way to accomplish that is by personal visitation, failing that, placing the "P.P. News" into as many producers' houses as possible, will accomplish much, by keeping our ideals 'in the forefront. On 15th March a conference was held in Lismore to discuss the prevention of a rab bit invasion of the country eastward of Casino. Director Ferguson, of the Casino P.P. Board, was present, also Messrs. Condon, King and Flick, of the Tweed P.P.U. district, and Winton, Taylor and Bartlett, of the Richmond Union. After much discussion, it was considered futile to attempt fencing where four years ago it was deemed advis able to erect netting. Mr. Flick's pro position to carry a fence from Rosehill to the Queensland border, mostly on a saddle back ridge was favourably considered, and Messrs. Condon, Hayter and Bartlett were appointed to confer with the Tweed-Lismore P.P. Board. We met on the 10th inst., but owing to several members being absent, the Board declined to make any pronouncement, other than being sympathetic with our pro posals. Mr. Lowe asked what had been done with ,the motion forwarded on to thfc Executive in connection with Italian immigrants ? The president replied that nothing came. of.it, #s Mr. McBae said the need for action had ,passed. . Mr. I;owe said several other matters sent on had not been reported as having been" dealt.-with, or at least no official reply had ;been sent to their conference. He sug gested a method of, overcoming it "would be where no replies -were received to re-submit the matters to conference again. There was matter relative to the abolition of payments 1;o the Crown for land. The speaker said' this great State of New South Wales en-' deavoured to put men on the land, and when they got them there did their best to tax them, off it. The president said the latter matter had been dealt with, but he could not juBt say; .how. Mr. McLennan said 'one motion, went through-the. Casino "branch in. connection■ with a referendum on registering the Union, bilt he saw no trace of it. ,The president said the, Executive turned .it down. : .Mr. Sargent said the. council, passed cer tain resolutions endeavouring to thTo'w light on matters under discussion, but they heard nothing further of them. In order to get anything done they must continue to push them, and if motions were turned down which that council wished carried through then they should be brought on again. At all events they, should insist on an explanai ,tion.v it ,.was. ridiculous , to place;such ,a rule inVthe constitution that any motion defeat ed- cqiTildvnot'be brought forward again. The Executive "were elected ! by the., people, and when they wanted ;a thing done what right .had:'the> Central' Executive toj say. it should not be, .carried into-effect? ^ Thevpresidentvsaid~. they, should remember they'were the: 'onlv -body represented out; of the, 16;-': . - ' ■ . ""Mr. v Sdrgent. said - the" delegates did "J not understand- the .circumstances' of •; their dis trict, to warrant them vetoing any .movement brought. forward. . . Mr: Kennedy said the whole proceedings' of the Central Executive appeared in the f' P.P.• News,''• and if ■■ members 'of the union subscribed to'it they would, have first hand information. •Mr. Lowe, in answer to Mr. Kennedy, said , the statement, was most " emphatically wrong; ; :They did not get into the "P.P. News,'' as he.had been a subscriber since, its-inception. At the same time every man should - be, compelled to take it. If questions were not dealt with then they should be referred back to the District Coun cil. again. Mr. R. E. Alcorn, said, as. one of the exe cutive, resolutions had been sent on ta them jvhich. could not be carried out. They asked-the executive to go to the Govern ment over something which if granted in the manner asked for would make them append! absurd. The executive within wisdom had! other, ways of reaching some finality, but he would- say. that every matter brought for ward • was considered from every aspect. Naturally some things were turned down, as with representatives from 16 different districts they could not expect to get their views to be accepted all the time, as many of them would be detrimental to them as a union. They had proportional representa tion; on: the executive, and discussions were carried on with the best light possible. ,H« did not.- thank it ai wise thing to bring up the sanie matters again at each quarterly meeting. ' Mr.' Plim said the president's report sub Imitted to the District Council each quarter showed what had been done with the motions at the. Central Executive. ,Mr. Hayter said the delegates attending the executive meetings reported the result? i of the motions before th'eni. ' ' . Mr! Small said some of the motions were of a ridiculous character. Mr. Southwell, inquired what had been the I outcome ' of the rabbit invasion conference. The matter had been" discussed at Nimbin, and they wondered what steps had been taken to bring Nimbin within, the' proposed boundary, as at present it was cut out St' ^he- president said thqi niatter was one for future discussion with the'- Pastures" Pro tection Board, -and delegates wirorr -tBey semMed again. They suggested the inclus ion, of Nimbin, and during .Tune another eoxifereuee would be held, and some further action taken by this District Council. .Mr. Alcorn suggested sending the "P.P. News" to the branch secretaries^ who could (jiscuss.the matters at their,"monthly meet ings. . . Mr. Lowe, said that was aflready done, but the information sought did not appear there.. . . The president' sadd whenj he attended the executive meetings he was regarded' there as the" talking machine the same as Mr Lowe was here. • (Great larghter). The matter then dropped. FINANCIAL STATEMENT. . The secretary then read the financial statement (from February 12th to May 17th), which- showed that the balance cer tified to at last meeting on February 33th' was £216 12s 2d. Since then subscriptions received amounted to £2875, sundries £18 3s 10d, and badges 2s 6d, making a total of £3112 2s. The expenditure was:—Adver tising £16 6s, branch accounts £60 7s 2d, bank charges £2 19s 6d, delegates' erpenses £70 2s 4d,' organising £44 lis lid, remit-; tance to head office £502 5s, stamps and telegrams £18 19s, district secretary's sal ary £.96 2s 6d, branch- secretaries-£89 10s, sundries £57 Ss 6d; total £3112 2s. Thd president said some may think ther® was a ls*rge amount in hand seeing tlia North Coast was a coming State, but he mentioned, as in the previous year, jtha Tweed'had not divided. • Next year pro bably it would be asked what liad becom* pf,- the difference? About £700 of the amount would be absorbed by the new Tweed Dis trict Council. In reply to Mr. Bon.'l tlie president said that move than half the revenue was in at present, but several factories collected later in the year, ..which information -was given by the district secretary. Mr. Macartie asked "whether he would be in order in asking what investments the P.P. Union had? And the object in stor ing them up? The president stated in the- first place they must have ,a reserve as a fighting fund, as . thousands of pounds might be necessary at times and would be absorbed in fighting industrial matters, and their union did not want" to be caught without a penny in their pockets. . Mr. Maeartie: If their investments piled up, why not reduce .the subscription ? For some time a discussion ensued on the P.P. isews," which information has been published on several occasions. | ABCHDEACON LAMPARD'S .REMARKS. Archdeacon Lampard expressed his ap preciation of tlio invitation to be present. He • had- learnt a good- deal from Mr. Bart-' lett's skilful, handling of the meetiug, and) his excellent knowledge of the rules of de bate! 'He was present on the grounds of frieiudship—(hear, hear)—and not by reason of any technical qualifications. A great deal of .good. could be achieved by the church, coming in, and the more interest it showed all round the district, both in pas toral and agricultural matters, the better it was. He represented only one particular section of .the church, and it was, or should be, interested in all matters for the wel fare of making Australia 'one of the great est nations in the future. (Hear, hear). Many of them had done the pioneering work, and he was pleased ta know they were car rying it on still. They were up against it, and their brave and. optimistic spirit com manded his greatest admiration. He con sidered it an honour to be prpsept, and expressed the hope their deliberations would be of the greatest advantage to that won derful district of New South WnKs, '(Ap plause) . CRITICAL FARMERS. Mr. Missingham, M.L.A., thanked them fvtr their kind welcome and expressions of good will concerning him. He had no diffi dence in following the archdeaicon in return ing thanks. It was a poor State indeed, said the speaker, which did not recognise the dope friendship between the church and State (Hear, hear). They -were both working for the wellbeip^^J^/the country. He thought when motions%rdrfl*'7^ii.:.-i;» •nr^-c not ask for them again, and the speaker" related a humorous incident which caused roars of laughter. But, seriously, said Mr. Missinghia-m^ -when discussions 'ensued on ja.rge questions they might consider the ad visability of having a card system dealing with evpry motion put on the agenda pape£ which the secretary could enter up. He was there that day, said the speaker, because he was a primary producer, alnd felt quite at home in such an organisation.. He came to learn something he did not know before. He found that 110 body of men were as criti cal as farmers, and lie was glad yf the op portunity of meeting them, as for six or eight months soon he would be working overtime. (Laughter). When he sat in the president's chair, said Mr. Missingham, he could keep Mr. Lowe quiet—(laughter)— and when he went to Sydney he recommend ed him for a J.P. ship, and got him through. (Laughter). _ He assured them the members for the district were anxious to help them and solicited their opinions on every ques- i tion which affected them. If they had not behind them such a union as theirs their heads would burst endeavouring to seek in formation; but they came to them in order to obtain their opinions on matters affect ing the district, otherwise they- would never be able to catch up. He assured them he would be present at the next annual re union. * (Applause)'. Mr. Lowe said he considered he. had-the right, to- reply. ((Laughter). He was at all events glad to be a prominent. -person in a notable gathering. CORRESPONDENCE. Prom C. J. Sa/nderson, chairman of the Tick Board of• Control, LismoTe, forward ing'the results of the resolutions of the Richmond and Tweed District Councils laid before the Tick Board of Control at a" meet ing held at Lismore, Relative to the Buckendoon-Swan Bay request that stock being removed across the Richmond River, from , farm to farm of same owner be exempt from dipping fees, the reply was that each case would be dealt, with by the board on its • merits. Stoekowners should, therefore, on returning cattle to their farms 011 the north side-of the river on which fees had previously been paid, .apply for a. refund of Bueh fees. Regarding "the motion from the Ettrick branch that spraying of cow? and springing heifers -was considered, effec tive, and that it be made 'optional for own* .era to either dip or spray,, and that two [treatments only be recommended, the reply I was that as it was the declared policy of the Tick Board to dip stock where possible in place of spraying, the suggestion could not be entertained. The Kurara-Duroby Creek (Tweed) branch asked that all travel ling aind straying stock in the Tweed area be dipped. The reply to that comm-.;nication was that as the Tick Board had neither staff nor authority 111 the Tweed area to carry out the treatment of straying stock, that part of the branch's suggestion could not be carried out, but they would endeavour tof meet the wishes of stock owners as far as- possible with reference to travelling stock! From head office, forwarding results of matters dealt with at the recent executive meeting held in Sydney. From the Department of Agriculture (Mr. E. S. Clayton)', asking if they could be in formed where a camp of flying foxes ex isted. The district secretary stated he had- endeavoured to find out full particulars" and also advertised the matter, without any result.- Mr. Lane complained that the origi nal motion came from the Lismcfe branch, arid one speaker said he could point out a camp where thousands of foxes congregated. Now the department wanted to assist no in foraiation could be given. It showed, the idiocj? of such motions. One dclegaite said if the Government wanted a camp he could show them the evi dence of one. From M. P. Dunlop, .stating that throe young Danish immigrants recommended to :tho •Department-off Agriculture by the Dan Consul hail ;jnst arrival in. Syd ney. They were experienced da by farmers, and proposed to settle in this country; but I before doing- so would like to obtain a' position on a good farm where, they could become acquainted with Australian condi tions. One was 32 years of age, the. son of a farmer; another was 27, also the son of a farmer, and the other 30 years of age, son of a farmer. From the Casino bra/nijli of thd Graziers' Association of New South Wales, asking tho further consideration of a North Coast corner rabbit board. The committee consid ered, said the writer, that the rabbit in vasion would in the near future be a very serious menace, to the Northern Rivers dis tricts, and that, the work of checking the invasion was sufficient to warrant the for mation of a board for that purpose alone. Mr. Sargent referred to the spraying of cattle, and said Mr. Sanderson should not insist on fanners having their cattle dipped if spraying would meet the case, and the r.peaker contended it. would. They should point out to the chairman (that spraying was quite as effective as (lipping. He moved, "That we again approach the Tick Board of Control .relative to having milking cows and heifers sprayed instead of dipping, the .same to be optional to the owners." They nould treat them at home as well as put ting them through the vile concoction which wa« /used. Mc. McLennan seconded the motion. The president said at the last District Council meeting he arranged for a deputa tion to meet Mr. Sanderson on the matter. ■ • Kemp said Mr. Sanderson refused to meet them in any way. They flonsidered two treatments werq quite as effective as three, and he could say cattle were clean after a couple of treatments. Mr. Sargent said the term of treatment had been reduced,, (but they wanted the wishes of the members on the matter, and it was up to them to take a finn hold of the question. They should insist on having, elected to . the board representatives of the dairymen, whose wishes should be con sidered. Now was the tune to strike the iron while it was hot. The Minister for Agriculture was against them, and the de partment, having the help of Mr. Sander son, would not do what the farmers wanted. Mr. Green said he was a member of the deputation at that time. He supported the motion, maintaining that spraying was bet ter'tlian dipping, and of that they had suf ficient proof iu that district. He mention ed instances where dipping had failed and spraying had beeiusuccessful. As regarded the deputation, Mr. Sanderson had not much jtdme to attend to them. He found out two years before dipping lia4 been an absolute failure. Mr. Green also touched on tho analysis of the stuff taken from the dips, some of which had been sent to the Govern ment analyst, who found a big difference io the strength of the mixture. Mr. McDonald said if a little more sym pathy was extended toward Mr. Sanderson it would have more effect. In his opinion no man was better qualified to express tin opinion 011 the question, having had a large experience in ot-Ker parts of the world, and he did not believe they would get a nia? o| larger. At the same time the speaker said he had every sympathy with the people, whp shvmlcV ejferc-jsp a little consid eration . Mr. Clark said where spraying had been reverted to after two years the ticks had been wiped out. Mr. Stacartie, who had a good deal of ex perience with ticks in the Tweed area, said dipping wp3 more effective. From an offi cial point of view Mr. Sanderson .«aia spray ing Wou](J npye?' prafljeatp the tick, and Jip recommended dipping ''19 tit"- 'JJ'ly ^olut jpji. DHving ovpr tJjeiy lipt road knockpd cattle gbout, JJe suggested bringing the patter ]!J)d§p tlip ijptic.p flf M'r. Oljaffey on his ar rival in the diptrict. Mr. "SVhitphegd saul the matter came be fore Mr. Fletcher, the department's own official, and that gentleman considered spraying was more effective than dipping. He moved, "That t.hp deputation to inteT view the board consist of the president and Messrs. Macartie and Sargent."' This was seconded .by Mr. Lowe, and'both "OTUtiomj—were then carried. Mr. R. E. Alcorn then moved, '-'That this large meeting- of 91 delegates representing the Richmond District Council urge the cen tral executive to use their influence in hav ing the board composed of delegates as sug gested in June last." It would certainly strengthen the hands of the executive. Mr. Sargent seconded the motion, which" was carried SWARMS OF TICKS.. The. "Kyogle v Examiner" published the following :—"According; to. -information given to us during the week by a gentleman whose word is- thoroughly reliable, ticks are so thick on "certain cattle at Ironpot Creek that they can be seen crawling when a per son stands a chain'away." They" can'be scraped off in jugfuls. The cattle belong to a number of owners. If stock • have . been allowed to get into such a condition, it is a further indictment of- the: -Tick Board of Control and its methods. It is from sucfc heavy and continued infestations as these that redwater develops, and, of course, ac cording to the philosophy of the board, all the fault is due-to the stockowners. It Jg somewlrat remarkable that while property holders about Kyogle are kept under eon ! stajit surveillance, with the result that ticks are few and far between,' iil the outlying portions of the district the pest is-allowed to breed in millions; Is it any wonder that a successful, termination to the fight against the tick seems" as'far "off'as ^ver *?' • 1 * THE RABBIT QUESTION. , The president .said with. regard. .toCthe .ap pointment of a board to carry oii. further nego tiations • on. the , abo>e..matter,' if .the Stock Board, were not disposed to consider the. ques tion favoiu*ably, he would move, '' That sliould the - Tweed-Lismore Pastures - Protection Board not : feel inclined to go with the creation of a board for the north eastern districts, the central executive be asked.to push the matter forward." Mr. Winton seconded the motion. At the meeting- held in Lismore he was astonished to find that the rabbits were'so close, to Lismore; The question was a very serious one, as he knew the destruction they caused 3ii other parts. If thev Pastures Protection' Board would not take the question up then the. P.P. IJniqn.shpuld do so. . . Mr. Taylor endorsed Mr. iWinton's re marks, which were only too true. If rabbits once got a'hold in these districts; said the speaker, ticks 'would only be a" secondary matter. They not only' eat the . grass, -.but everything else^ a farmer planted. That could not be said of the tick. ' At one place the speaker related .where-80,000 sheep we're running, and only 18,000 were, shorn of'that number. He had seen beautifully grassed paddocks in two years eaten completely out. If rabbit proof .fence was. not erected quickly they had better leave it alone.' They should also remember caretakers had to look after the fence after it was. built. He had witnessed hundreds of thousands of rabbits in some parts,, and remembered the late Sam McCaughey capturing 27,000 ''intone', drive. If preventive measures .were not taken quickly the people ; would be up, againBt a problem they would remember for the- rest of their lives. i , Mr. Coles said at the last district council meeting three gentlemen were appointed to bring in a report' on. the question, but - no thing had evidently been done. Now thev wanted to take further steps. ' Mr. MC caughey had erected fence's, but was always.' in trouble until he had crossed and re- | crossed the properties: with them. • Gab* across the roads were filso another problem, which would never be kept shiit by those using them. The fence wopld never he a success, and would ;only prove, a . white ele-.. phant. In his opinion they were only sad dling the people with more taxes. Mr. Plim said he understood in- putting up a fence the netting was put'ioni last. • Gal vanised gates would be mated - through in 38 months. . "■■■ 7 The motion was carried. " STOPPING^ fRESS PEOPAGAI^DAi ! Mr. Nardi' (Nimbinf moved, "That' we are of the opinion, that the only way to stop press propaganda which "has so persistently set out to kill our butier stabilisation ^pro posals is to try and have the .findings! of the stabilisation ' committee legalised." The mover said they did not. want a 'Royal com mission appointed, as they were aware, to day the. country was suffering from over-legislation: .What! had been done ; for other industries .should also be, done for them to enable them to carry on. "Was there any industry, said the mover, that employed father, mother, sons and daughters to go to the yards seven days in the week and Hfi.T days' in every year 1' It was' in equitable that the costs of production should he granted to one industry and not to an other. They were bound to pay rthe basic wage to an employee whether he earned it I or not. The conditions to:day were serious indeed. Mr. J. T. Ronan seconded the motion, which was spoken to by Messrs. Kennedy, Sargent and Ball, and carried. ' The original motion was, <'To have-a Royal commission appointed to investigate and ascertain the cost of producing.butter," but subsequently amended in the form given. THE BUTTER INDUSTRY. iMV. Ramsay (Horseshoe - Creek) 'moved, "Tliatit be a recommendation to the- dis trict council to endeavour to bring about u stabilised price for the butter industry- to afford a living wage to the ^producer, and bring about legislation to have all co-opera tive factories' output sold through .coropera tive channels." The mover said he would guarantee 2s would not produce a lb. of butter, and they were not-asking too .much, of the consumer to pay ! what it cost. Queensland stabilised their butter at 224s per cwt. for local consumption ; then they • exported butter into New South Wales and sold it under our stabilisation price. They should have some uniformity. If there ,was 110 stabilised price between the States; it j would be impossible to keep the speculator out. He purchased the surplus and brought it in to the best market. If there was no co-operation among themselves they allowed the speculator to come in and do as he liked with their produce. That condition of things should come to an end. Mr. Nardi seconded the motion. . The president said it -was no use of talk ing about the matter being a State one. Unless it was a Federal one nothing could be done. It had reached a stage up to 14 days ago that 95 per cent, of the factories in Victoria had signified their assent to the stabilisation scheme. Everything was be ing done to bring- dissentients into line. TIip executive at its March meeting" appointed a committee, consisting of Messrs. Gordon, Bartlett, .'Grant, Watts, Kodgerg _ and the general president, to co-ardinat§ witli the stabilisation committee and wake further and determined effort, on behalf of the pro* ducers, to bring to function all, or any of the objections aimed at last year before October nest. Ninety per cent, of the pro ducers believed In a coutrol of the industry. Mr. Lowe moved as an amendment, ''That all works after the wqrd producer be elim inated from the Mr. Gopley seconded the amendment, Mr- 5Jasre supported the motion. The amendment was then carried, and be came the motion in its amended form. MORE CATTLE DIPS WANTED Mr. Ramsay ('Horseshoe Creek) moved, "That it be "a recommendation to the. dis trict council that the Government be asked to put more cattle dips down, and dispense with seme of their inspectors on the score of public ecpnqjny." The mover contended more dips ware required |q? egttle iu .ihe out-back' cpuntry, where cattje, yqung litock particularly, we ye difficult tfi muster. If dips were pt in it wpvild still t*e optjqnal to ov.nprs whether tljpy dipped or sprayed. The dips cpnld be put in localities suitable and convenient. . Mr. tf. i). Alcorn seconded the motion. He thought. the tail end of the motion, after the word "down," should be cut off. More ha^8 :T*^ired' 33 driviaS cattle too far •vr J?etrimental effect. on them. whPtW «?°r Said "5Vas not a question of l ?y Were recluired or not, but thev 2S?P « ■ ? S6nd a niotion to .the Govern ftvm first to eliminate dips in Si I °f sPra5-ang:, and that, afternoon they turned round and asked for more dips. JUere -was not the slightcstidoubt when tho question was put before the Minister that i 0U^ 7 would • be pointed out immediate }• He could not for the life of him see the necessity 0f such a motion. , a Mr. Hogan also favoured cutting the last ' cordino"lj» niction off, and moved ac^ Mr. Kemp seconded the motion. They ?10re dips, although he would "not pother spraying, i>cin,r i00 close to a dip ' A -man lining .any distance away had a' •perfect right to say whether he ahould use cne, or the other. Mr. Kennedy opposed both motions. They ad spent a lot of the morning discussing the matter. Spraying was sufficient in the ease of springers and milking coavs. They should not prosecute the matter any further. Mr iMaeartie considered it would be bet ter to defer1 the ' question until after the visit of the Minister for Agriculture. He S ?r6S e m''^er he dropped. r. H. E Alcorn' said they wanted more dips . and advised the meeting to carry tho motion. . Mr. - Kamsay - said • he • was, agreeable to delete - all words; " after, the woiid '' down,' ( wWh tlje meeting, decided'to'accept.^' , rv. Wle - (T^olafoo), said ! tiis/branchr came,- to | the .conclusion, they, .-frould.-'iievei1 get. "d; of the fiek while/the; State .Govern-; ment ,had anything to do with'tick eradica tion.^ In Dunoon'; they, had one • tick inspeo tor, for, soqie, time, but now they had^ six; %,That the matte* be - placed under Federal control." . : : The; amendment, lapsed for want of a seconder. ... ca^HedS amended form the: resolution was • telephone BOOK. Mr. - Green/ (Kyogle) -moved, "That it W a. recommendation to the 'district council" that the matter of having the telephone book-brought-right up -to date ;so as to in clude any small centres that: may have been connected'with the exchanges, brought under the*notice-of -the postal department. The-motion was seconded by Mr • Bond and'carried. i ' ■ .... .FAltfi SEEDS..; 'A Mr. Dickson (Coffee Camft) m;oved, "That vendors of farm seeds be "made 'to give a gi^ntee ns t° fertility and" age of all seed sow. , The moyer enumerated instances where great losses;had occurred' throiicrh' im pure .seed, being.. sold. ' " • "I - .^r" ^eP^urn.seconded themotion.. . ' Mr. 'Winton suggested cutting out the word- -.fertility.?.; Persons might guaran tee. an egg, but doubted- whether, one ' could guarantee a seed. ■ • Mr Fields said; the motion was imprac ticable.. How could , a seedsman guaranice seeds to - be correct ? Such motions "wore •n?rCUlrUS 't0 p!lt on business paper.5 .Mr. Eowe said all seedsmen; gave a war ^••T-+f0rTr8eCt]. ^ not guarantee He did; not like the 'motion, but hig branch told him to vote for it . Mr Kemp said the seeds sold; 'were not t?ue to name, _ The t rouble had occurred iii ftipny branches. He instanced where one tarmer put in turnips and got rape. •Mr. Wqrboys said the sooner , they got rid of la\^s ,and( restrictions the better.* If".rain did not fall seeds would not.be of much usie' Mr. Piggott, mentioned where disease had occurred in potatoes through impure seed bdng sold. Seedsmen in Sydney sold good seed, but the Sussex-street merchants were the peOple-.it fault. The motion was lost. PAYING SUBSCRIPTION. Mr. Dolby (Bungawalbyn). mo'ved, "That a , recommendation be sent to the central executive - that all single dairies pay the P..P.TT. subscription." 1 v .Mi-. Kcpnedy seconded the motion pro forma, which was , defeated. STOCK ON GOVERNMENT FARMS Mr. Cottee (Tiegeagle) moved "That it be ^.recommendation to the Central Executive to urge the Government' that - all stock auctioned at State farms be for unreserved Mle." . The mover stated that at a sale o£ Wollongbar Guernsey cattle a young bull was offered and a reserve of 100 guineas was placed on . him, which was a price rather' high for1 the majority of struggling farmers and dairymen. He was passed in at 60 guineas, but was eventually taken to Sydney and'disposed' of for £6;!." -Even had the latter price been notified ag- a selling- one some person might, have given it, and the hlill renlaiired; in the district. On one of the cows* offered there was- also a prohibi tive reserve (ft 100 guineas, and this animal was' reported "later to have been sold in Sydney for 35 guineas. Such dealings were a decided injustice- to . the district, and dairymen were deprived of the privilege of buying them. Not only ■ at Wollongbar, but at. all. State farms, these .cattle should be offered to . ttye public without any reserve. In justice to the district the motion should' be carried. ; .Mr.,. Dickson seconded the motion. Mr. Sargent suggested the inclusion' of the words "And a guarantee given as to pedigree-and-performances.He mention ed a case where a cow at Wollongbar was sold as giving 296 lbs. of butter, and'later in the "Government Gazette" the figures were given' as 196 lbs. . "; ; • One- delegate thought the figures might be a typographical error, but "Mr. Sargent said she was offered and sold at the first named .figure. . .^Tr- Stratford opposed the motion. He did not think they should ask: the Govern ment to do what they were not willing to do: themselves. ° Mr. Frith agreed with the • motion. They should" be offered for unreserved sale, and unreserved to the people of tins district and State and for the State. They ran the model farm and owned it. The cattle there were the people's also. He stated he went: there to buy a young calf, and was asked to put in an application for £30, which he did. Subsequently he found she was sold for'£40 ti5" go to Queensland. They should not be aBked to support such farms for sup plying all Australia. Mr. McKinnori said buyers attended the sale from all over the State, and should not be prohibited from securing stock, which should be knocked down 'to the highest bidder. Mr. Lowe said they did not represent all t\ie people in New South Wales. ( After Messrs. Small, Hepburn, Hefferman, and Plim" had addressed the meeting the motion was carried. A PIG MATTER. Miv Lowe (Stratheden) moved "That all P.P.U. members be asked to supply their pigs to a co-operative 'concern, and failing i that to sell them unbranded, so as not to put the proprietary concerns on the same footing as the co-operative concerns." . Mr. Amos seconded the motion. Mr, Kennedy said Goraki was not' con nected in any way with Byron Bay, and were at the mercy of the local pig buyers who visited the yards, many of them with the fire brand, but that did not guarantee the I pigs free from disease. It was unwise to ' inflict hardships on men by such a motion. [ Mr. Fritli said lots of farmers wanted pigs | sold through the yards, but accepted 20s ■per head less. I Mr. Ball said it was a problem they would S never solve. They would never get the •farmers to take their pigs to the right place. ! Mr. McLean contended men should be compelled .to brand pigs and take their chances. He hovtght five head of pigs through "the Liawore yards and four of them were diseased. Aftev Messrs. Hoare, Alcoiru and Elvery had spoken, Mr. Crowtlier moved an amend ment, "That it be a recommendation from this District Council that, the Central Execu tive be aslced to approach the Government with a view of bringing in a bill to make i t it" compulsory for. - all pigs; sold: for human ' consumption tot be. branded, with the owner's registered brand;" i ' *' • 1 I ; Mr. Hoare seconded the motion. • ■ Mr." Kemp -said, they, should; be careful be- . fore they1 askecl the •' Government* to'legis latejin-apytiling. ' t\ ; -1. •"The amendment 'was • carried, and' it - be-, coming the motion a discussion ensued on it. ' Mr. Alcorn>sajdAfarmers.in .Ky.ogi^signed, a warranty to' supply 'tlieir 'oWn 'Woperdtive' factory. . , Mr.1 Cooper; said lie supplied : pigs .to the, Kyogle-factory, arid was dissatisfied with the weights." They were., not.^conaigijBd-in..his own" name. He was opposed to signing any bond.. r . . , , •.Jl'r.- Taylor failed % to see any good in the motion. Any.true union man. should supply the-factory. It was no- use aman coming' there preaching , one . thing ^ arid, practisihg another. He 'never disputed* wteight'. "They did' not want. any. .Government* interference. \ No man was a"true unionists who did iidt. supply his.own"factory. ' 'I ■ Mr. Clark-said they. had,. the.v inter-1 ference -of the law already * inHheX Diseased * Meat Act, and many of them were-evadingi the law in not branding, their pig^. ' The;' Government " were spending . "thousands of pounds in putting.. down consumption,. and. yet diseased pigs. were "alleged to- be put - on • the Sydney market. • Mr.' Kennedy said, he would' refrain from voting either .way. No- Act . of Parliament should be brought in cpmpelling people to do anything. ' . Mr! Lowe said branding was not . going to stop consumption. ' The ' impo^i^nce of their 'union was Nvorth-inore thrfn a few pounds.. :It was no .use asking fpr Govern ment interference. They. desireS to' aisist co-operation. • . JJ[r. Elvery said they' w;puld - be simply o asking for an army of inspectors. . . Mr. Crowther • said ..their'object was to reach the man who was" not loyal.. . . _.... J The rflsoult.ioh was . ^feated,. and Mr. • Orowther'remarked the meeting "turned dog" on themselves!" . . Tliey •carried^ the amend-"! ment and then defeated it • as,-a~ motion. 1 INCOME. TAX RETURNS. " . \\. Mr. A.' C. 'Ateorn ( (Knockj&w;); (moved "That it'"-be a recommendation to tlie^Dis- j, trict Council that the CentraiEjecutive be • approached with the object .of appointing a man to fill in income tax 7 returns, both j State and Federal;" | Mr. J. Doyle. seconded the motion, which ' was defeated., . . . .. .. . | REGISTRATION OF DAIRIES. Mr Alcorn (Knockrow) moved, "That the district - council approach , the; central* ,'6xe-1 ciitive with a view of having the 'annhal ' registration of.,dairies abolished. "—Carried on the'voices. " • - RAILWAY CONCUSSIONS. Mr. Parmenter (Corhdale) moued, "That it be a- recommendation^ to> the central > exe cutive. to endeavour to obtain some conces sion -on the railways ,for those .exhibiting in shows, as ! the present method of charg; ing all bulk weight by cubic measurement, instead of weight 'is detrimental to exhibit ing." • •*. v Mr.' Wanton : seconded the nlotion,' which was carried. ; • ; ; , aUSTKAUANBUTTER. 5 ' j Mr. P. Fields (Keerrbng) niov.ed, it. be a recommendation to. the .the central! executive to have inquiries made into the; cause.of the Australian butter being sold at a lower. rate than New Zealand . butter on the London market."' The mover said that Mh Meares had given' it out that the' differ ence in price betweeil' Australian and New, Zealand butter waa £75,000 per annum.; If there was a difference inequality, it;wadnot on th'e'ir : side. The Minister'for .'Lands ('Mr, Wearne)- in' opening the:. Alatoiivilifc, sho^. paid Australian butter was the best he had ever seen, and equal to thit produced; iri any part of the .world and better than Den mark. Mr. O 'Callaghan, .Commonwealth : dairy ' expert,/ told a ,-conference ' the oth^t day that Australian best butter ■ was:'slightly biett@r "than. New Zealand's best,! but ' the la,tter got • a /higher,price .because -of! the greater- uniformity-in- quality.-of- that - conn try's product. Last yepr-in England, at the butter- show, Kyogle -factory catried off the pHze. (Applause'.) : Mr.' " 0!'Callaghan *• was going on ,a, world'a - tpur,\ and Jtljey. should gfet a report from him. on. his return". "Mr!.' Somers said that in no part of "the United States was butter produced like that' of Australia.. The. Australian butter was' thp best he' had1 seen during his * tour." Mr.. Lowe seconded the motion, which was carried.'- . , . ' The following is • a truo - solution; of the motion, and it is worth- presenting at' tbiB juncture :—4' The question ia - often asked why tliere is such a great difference in-price I between Australian and New Zealand butter on the English market. ■ The • answer can be found in the following information sup plied by-Mr. E. J. L. Newton, who rppreient'a in London the Western District Co-op#rativie Selling Co. of'Victoria. Mr. Newton writes, giving the factors, governing the. position and, intera alia, says that these factors are becoming, partly eliminated "I. New Zealand butter is even better standardised since the war than before. Practically all New. Zealand butter is either choicest ot superfine. It is therefore in regular and active demand by the largest buyers. "2 During the shortage of Danish, it made its way in the midlands and north more than it had in pre-war times. It is therefore assiste^ towards a premium. "3. There is more grouping of factories in New Zealand than in' Australia, conse quently the big buyers can secure a straight line of from 1000 to 2000 cases under the one brand, and they cannot do • that1 with an Australian brand, with the exception, per haps, of North Coa9t or Corangamite, "4. The Government recognising the stan dardisation of New Zealand butter, arbi-. trarily fixed a wide margin during the period of control, an«j the impression created by that action has not yet faded from the public mind. Tri other words, the Government Tiere always graded New Zealand up, and on ac count of thfe • nondescript, or shall we say? mixed, quality of- the various Australian brands, in small quantities, graded Austra lian down. They did the same with the Argentine, an^ as a result theTe is juSt'as wide a margin between Argentine and-'Aus tralian in these days a3 there is between Australian and New Zealand, a condition which did not prevail in pre-waT time#,*' The. foregoing is a striking example of the necessity for the standardisation of Aus tralian butter. .. OTHER MOTIONS. Mr. McKinnon (Eltham) moved, "That! representation be made to the Minister -fit 'Education to have the tanks an^ ce9s>pita I at country schools cleaned out at least one a year." _ ■ ^ . ' Mr. "Winton seconded, and the. motion was carried' on the, voices. ' -*Mt.: Sargent - (Kyogle) moved, "That dur ing the close season for opossums where ! it can.be shown that maize and other'crops are beifig destroyed by them the local sergeant of police should be'empowered to issue per-, mits^o-destroy them whilst "the* crops' arqj: approaching .maturity, in . the - fall.'/ . Seconded by'Mr. Taylor and carried. \- Mr. Hoare (Dungarubba) moved, '1 That it be a recommendation to - the' central exe cutive to urge upon, the Education Depart ment the desirability of providing a tea cher's residence in connection with all per manent country" schools^ as" the lack of such. a necessary convenience is an injustice tot the'teoelier, scholars and parents." ' Mr. Kennedy seconded the motion, Which was carried. ' ' jVfrl Senall' (Wyraliah) moved, and-v Mr. Mason;seconded, "That it be a recommenda tion to the central executive that, owing tor the inconvenience incurreid to- stockiwners travelling stock,' tick inspectors only take their uiinmU holidays, auu. not'every little, public holiday." jVi'otion lost. Mt.-Doyle (Coorabell) moved, "That''it be - a recomnieudation to' tl\e central exe cutive 'that Parents; an'd Citizens' Associa-. t}ons be urged to supply a copy of. the, 'P.P. News' for use in their local public school/" '—Carried. Mr. Kemp (Wyangerie) moved, "That the Minister for Agriculture be jipproatlhi'd' with a view of having a draft of th<> aiuenied Tick" Regulations Act submitted to the cCD-; tial executive of the P.P. Union before submitting same to Parliament." ' Mr. : Taylor seconded the motion, - which was 'carried. ■Captain Davis (Woodburn) moved, "That it. be a. recommendation to the central exe cutive.to interview the Minister for .Works ^g^rdiiig the clearing' and reconstruction ' f the Tiickombil escape drain," , Mr. Amos seconded the motiop. . Carried. COMMUNITY SETTLEMENT BIUj. M$,\ Bartlett, for the Eltham delegate, moved, •1 That it be a recommendation to the; central executive to advise all members of the P.P. Union with a view-,of obtaining suggestions to be forwarded to Sir Joseph Carruthers dealing with clause 5 of the pro posed Community Settlement Bill,, which reads ag~ follows :—(1.) A rural co-opera tive; society shall consist of at le&st;! seven persons; (2.) the society may be formed for auy of the following purposes :—(a) com munity settlements, (b) iarm.loans and rural' credit ; purchase of goods , of any kind, including farm implements and machinery and agricultural seed, to'be-supplied to members-by way of sale, letting, or otherwise ; ^d) manufacture, treatment, and sale of products. : For the purposes of farm loans and rural, credit ;the society may (a) create and raise, funds aid make :loans therefrom\to its-members;; (b) procure or assist in procuring loans from,its members by its guarantee or otherwise ; (c) undertake to supervise and report on ex penditure of loans: The Society shall • be registered under this Act." THE NEXT MEETING. 1 The . next meeting wiU 'de held.'at . Casino. • 