Empire Trade A Changed Outlook Recognition of Dominions LONDON. Mar 8. Sir George Fuller (Premier oi New South Wales) presided at the Roval Colonial Institute, when tho Ih.n. J. K. Mcrritt, M.L.C., of Victoria, dolivercd an uddress on "Trado within tho Einnire. nnd How to Develop it." Sir Georgo Fuller, In introducing the lecturer, contrasted Britain's previous apathv with her present readiness to co- opcrato in inter-Imperial trade. The inter- Euroiican trade collapse had compelled Brit sh manufacturers to turn to the Do- minions markets, and British leaders, in- eluding Ministerialists, ()ppos!t:enists, commercial men, nnd flnaneiers, had shown fuller recognition oi the Import ance p! the Dominions markets. Because Of this changed outlook tho Dominions were looking forward eagerly to the Im perial Economic Contcrcncc, nnd con- lidintlv anticipated that definite decaisions would he made. MEANS OF DEVELOPMENT. Tho Hon. J. K. Mcrritt urged that there wero three methods ot de. cloning intor-Imperial trado ; firstlv. bv reciprocal tariffs, meaning thereby the highest nos- sililo preferential tarifis in both Britain and the Dominions ; secondly, by press publicity. He complained bitterly that British ncivspt.pers consistently ignored Australia and ' New '/Caland. The thud method was the education of schoolchild ren to ensure that the next generation would have belter knowledge of the Do- minions. Referring to Britain's annual in crease of 500,000 in population, he suir- gestod that they should migrate to Aus tralia. If the Australian and New Zea land population was increased bv 10,000,000 in 20 vears they would be among tho greatest producing countries in the Empire, and would be able under re ciprocal tarifis to sunnly the greater part el Britain's foods and raw materials, and also receiie increased supplies oi British goods. DISCUSSION BY VISITORS. In the discussion that followed, the speakers Included the High Commissioner lor New. Zealand (Sir James Alleni, the Agent-General tor Tasmania (Mr. A. H. Ashbolti, Cr. Hitchcock -Mayor oi Gee- long), and Mr. Pounds, oi Victoria. Sir James Allen ailrocatcd incorporat ing in the Merchandise Marxs Bill, which, is now .: beforo Parliament, a provision distinguishing the Dominions' products from those oi foreign countries. Refcrrin; to migration, lie said that he did not be- liovo" it possible or Australia and New Zealand to absorb 500,000 immigrants a year, as it would lis impossible! to ifmd homes and provide employment. Air. Ashbolt said that it was useless populating Australia and stimulating pro duction unless the Empire's fiscal system ensured preferential markets. Mr. Pounds criticised the Australian ex porters for sending immature fruit this year, which -had Injured the market, de preciated prices, and damaged the reputa tion of Australian fruit. Tho Common wealth Government should havo prohi bited tho shipments. Mr. Pounds said that second and third rate canned fruit was shipped with first quality labels. Sir George Fuller, in replying to Mr. Pounds, said that the present New South Wales Government insisted that fruit ex- Ports must be equal to the best Cali- fornian in oualitv and get up. He vig orously condemned the practice of' some British retailers in selling the highest qualities ol Australian butter as the hest Danish, while labelling only inferior quali ties as Australian.. 