[?] Origin of an Old Saying. : . I Many people think that the term ''eleep Ing like a top' refers to the popular child's toy, but it has no' relation at all to that article. The saying, originated an Italy. The word top in - Italian is «'topo,' -which means a dormouse. This anlmal'B capacity for sleeping is well known, and when a person ''sleeps like a top' he is' said to sleep like a dormouse. | Photographing Sound Waves. The United States Bureau of Standards has just perfected a wonderful new photo graphic apparatus that photographs not only a bullet flying at the rate of 34 miles a minute/but also the sound waves set in motion by the nose Of the projec tile. It is one of the most marvellous achievements in photography that has yet fceen accomplished. V 'Robbing Peter to Pay Paul.' Few people know the origin of the teaying1:- 'robbing Peb'er to pay Paul.' This is a very old phrase, and originated iin the days of Edward the Sixth, when the property belonging to St. Jeter's, at [Westminster (London). - .was invaded by ; influential men, who used some of the revenue .secured to pay for repairs to St. Paul's Church, Hence the common say ing. L Vi, I Platinum Was Once Very Cheap. J With the single exception of osmium, ' platinum is the heaviest substance known | in the world. The metal is now about £20 ah ounce, but at the end of the 18th ? century, .it. was .eight shillings 4 pound; ? and ingots of it were gilded and sold by swindlers to the unwary as solid gold. : This is the origin of the slang expression 'selling a gold brick' for the fraudulent eale of. something worthless.. Now, of course, a brick of 'platinum js worth about , live times as much as a similar gold one. r Why He Was Late. Minister — Why are you late for the s Sunday School, Tommy ? . Tomfriy^i was goin' fishin* but farvev wouldn't let me. - Minister — Ah, how excellent! Did ho ?s explain why he wouldn't let you? Tommy — Yes, sir. He said there wasn't t enough bait for two! '? 5 ?? Largest Boiler in theWorld. The city of Detroit (TLS.A.) has built a steam boiler said to eclipse all others ever . 'built, 'it is capable of supplying heat to a thousand eight-room houses, and is used to heat the .^business district of Detroit. It is 26 feet long, 19 wide, and 35 high, ; and can, convert 190j000; pounds of water i into, steam' every hour. Train a Mile Long. f In' Virginia (U.S.A.) recently a goods ., train made up of 100 railway waggons was- successfully hauled a distance of 250 r. J. miles. Tho train was actually 6160 feet ? long, or over a mile. The train had to be smarted -with five locomotives, but when j. it. reached a - level track a single 'engine , dhl the hauling. Freight?- train engines in . America are very powerful, -weighing up jh . to 400 tons,^ ? , - An Affirmative Negative. The irate customer shook his portrait in . the photographer's face. . ( . 'Do I look this pictured The thing's an outrage.. Why, you've given me. an awful squint, and. , the look . of a prize fighter. Now, answer me/ and no non sense about it. Do you call that a gopd likeness?',- - The photographer . scanned, the print, then looked a't the customer. 'The answer,' he said, 'is in the nega tive.' . £all Letters of Wireless. Every wirefifes. station has. its own call letters, usually three, sometimes four. The call ietters of one British station are YES, but OUI belongs to a Danish, not a French station. Two American ships are NAN and NEL, ivhile a British submarine has the, call: GLAD. , . . ? Perhaps the most appropriate , is that of a Detroit police department which has the call letters KOP! \ Sense of Modesty. 'Our landlord says we must pay more.' 'What, again? Didn't you protest ?' 'T did, but he says we are paying only a modest rent.' 'Modest indeed!' - 'I suppose he referred to the fact that it was well raised.' A Truthful Judge. 'VYou: admit, then,' said an Alabama judge,' 'that' you stole the hog?' 'Ah sure has to, jedge,' said the col ored prisoner. 'Well, nigger,'* , there's, been a lot of hog-stealing going on around here lately, and I'm going to make an example ' of you or none of us will be safe.' How Big Is An Atom?, -A ' very . vivid' way of indicating the minuteness of the atom has just been, sug gested by a professor who recently startled the. .scientific world^by producing a tem perature hotter than, the hottest star and changing; tungsten into helium in a mo-, ment. : ? j ; An. .idea of hpw small, the atom is 'dan; he, says,, be obtained from the fact that if a: hole could be punched in an electric light bulb -small enough to let in a mil lion atoms of oxygen a* minute it would take , a, hundred million years to fill the bulb. '.. '-V. \- Population of London. According to the census taken -last *year there are 7,480,201 inhabitants in Greater London, the highest jnum.ber on record.' In the county of London alone the numbers have increased from 959,310 in 1801, to 4,484,623 in 1921, .the latter figure being made up of 2,071,579 males and 2,413,044 I females. i The Ice 'Bus. i A remarkable bus has been invented! for carrying - passengers - across the. ice' i between Helsingfors and Sveaborg, in Finland. The ice bus holds 20 passengers. It- is driven :by a. large aeroplane, pro-, pellpr in the rear, and 'is fitted -with three runners, two abreast and one behind with which the driver steers the bus. He: .lis.es. it .like .a .xuddee - % v «. ,? 4 ^ ^ ? : A Huge Timber , Deal. Perhaps the greatest timber deal in the history of- the United States has just been put through between the United States Government and the Fruit Growr ers' Supply Company of' Los Angeles) California. . v This is the company supplying the Pacific Coast fruit growers with woodei} boxes and crates, and the amount of timber purchased was 946 million feet, enough to build' frame bungalows; on 50 foot lots on ' both sides of a street 325 miles long. . Miles of Pictures. An elderly gentleman in a railway com partment had been to the National Gal lery, and wanted to talk to somebody about it. : - , 'Excuse me, sir,' he said to the velvety coated individual seated opposite to himi 'You are something in the artistic line, aren't you?' .. ? - ? 'I have exhibited many pictures in my ( time,' replied the individual. 'Ah, dear me! Successfully, may I ask?' 'Sir, tens of thousands of people have paid to view my pictures.' 'Really! '| exclaimed the old gentleman. 'Y6u must be a great artist. Do you exhibit many pictures in the course of a year?' . ; 'Miles- of them,' said, the man in the velvet coat. 'I'm a cinematograph ope rator!' .. ? ? nr.. ji ? . ? ? . oira m meves. . . Theft is a very common crime,- especially among birds. Celrtaln rooks in each rook ery, too lazy to search for nest-building material, make a practice of robbing their more industrious neighbors. There are cases on record of such criminals being driven out of the rook community.' Spar rows are arrant, thieves, stealing from one another, and frequently from swallows. A Slight Mistake. ' The new '5d. stamp issued for St. Chris topher, and Nevis, the- two. Leeward Isles in the 'West Indies discovered, by 'Christo pher Columbus in 1493, and now British possessions, shows the discoverer looking through a spy-glass. Columbus, of course, died more than a century before Zach ariah Haussen, maker of spectacles, made someone else's fortune by devising the telescope. ' Home by Hearse. Amusement -was caused at Littlehamp ton (England) recently by an undertaker, who took his wife/ family and -luggage home by a motor-hearse at the end of their holiday. When the heats^ arrived and the family loaded up tfte undertaker was' quite undismayed at the public in terest taken in his novel mode of trans port; A Record in Old Age. Mr. William' Alcorn, the 'grand old man' of Bowral (N.S.W'.), reached his 92nd 1 birthday recently, and ' still shows considerable vigor and_ energy iby work ing in his garden. - He has never had an illness in; his life. His wife is 86, and Mr. Donough, Mrs. Alcorn's 'brother, who resides with them, is 82, making a total of 260 years for three people in the same house. This Is a record 'which would take I some beating. ' I The Age of Waste. [ With so many- millions : of children going to bed hungry every night it is terrible I to read that eight millions of this sea son's Californian melons were . left to rot in the fields. : The dumping of this crop on the . mar ket would have so depressed prices that the growers decided not to harvest it, especially in view of the fact that a threatening railway strike might have held it up in transit. . Origin of an Old Saying. Few people who use the term ''getting into a scrape' realise that it dates back to the earliest days - of golf. The holes which raibbits made oil golf courses were i termed ? 'scrapes,' and . -when a .ball got | lodged in one of these it w$.s a very.diffi- i cult matter to play it. And so the saying 'getting ^.into a scrape' became the com mon way of saying that a person had got into difficulties. . _. First N.Z. Immigrant Still Alive. The first New Zealand immigrant— a woman -who arrived at Otago in 1848 — is still alive. She arrived in New Zealand six y^ars before responsible .government was .established, and has spent 74 years, in the' country. . Her marriage, in. 1354, was the first Eux-opean .marriage'.in New Zea land.- ' T «. ? Electricity from the Earth „ A French engineer named Jules Guil lot has discovered a means by which he can utilise the electric currents in the earth for lighting lamps, and fpr produc ing electrical power. He has been word ing on the invention, for eight years, and says it will' solve the problem of using the electrical energy, of the earth, which is at present running to waste, just: as millions' of horse-power in - the shape of waterfalls have been wasted for centur ies for want of the necessary knowledge and appliances to turn it to practical ac count for the service of man. ? ' Not so Backward. ?? It is' generally supposed that Algeria, in Northern Africa, is one of the back ward countries of the world. As a mat ter of facti it is not. Over ten per cent, of the farms in that country, are equipped with . modern agricultural machinery.' There are 1800 locomotives, 1350 threshing machines, 1600 'mowers, and 3550 reapers. Smith Felt the Heat. _ . A doctor and a.laiwyer lived in the same suburb. Though they were not relatad they were both named Smith. It happened that, in June Dr. Smith died, and in July Lawyer Smith went abroad. Fx-om Paris the lawyer sent a wire to his wife which [was delivered to the widow of the doctor, tit said: 'Arrived duly. Heat terrible.' Marriages in Assyria. An old Assyrian marriage custom is based upon sound psychology! All .the girls of marriageable age are assembled in one place arid- auctioned off. The money which the handsoiixe girls bx'ing in is bestowed upon the plain ones as a marriage ' portion, giving them ail added matriittonlal value. ' In this way all girls, no mattex* how i unprepossessing as to appearance, are pro; I vided with husbands. ^ i Unktiown Authors. There iar W Sphinx in the Egyptian desert, there are statues which modern art cannot- equalj there are ruined cities half as old as Time in the Old World and the New; there is a giant circle of mystic columns at Stonehenge; there are prose and poenis that are said and sung in every language— the authors of all are unknown. . : . Figure This Oujt! The distance between the earth and ;th'e Magellanic . cloud, a group of stars re sembling in appearance the Milky- Way, has been set' down at 110,000 light years — a light year being '6 .tx-iHioti mile^: It was believed that with the ..distance known, astronomers may be able .to .estimate the candle-power of the light coming, from the Magellanic cloud, which is visible only in the southern hemisphere, . 7 A Tryout. Mabel: 'I think it's awful for sweet hearts to quarrel.' .''Madge: 'Well; if they don't, how is a gi?l- to know whether she'Ur liaivp her . own, way -after marriage, or -|iot?'. ? . A Child Commits Suicide, v The- remarkable suicide of a fourteen-, year-old boy named James Elliott, isi reported from Belfast, Ireland. He jump ed into the River; : Lagan, but was seen by a policeman standing on the opposite bank. Hearing- the officer shout, the boy got out of ' the water and immediately hanged himself -to a lamp-post. The pol iceman .fired his revolver to attract at tention, and some civilians cut, the boy down, but he died in a few minutes; A Remarkable Escape. ... A steeplejack fell 90 feet from the tallest - chimney in Glasgow (Scotland) into a tank of water, and was only slightly hurt.' This escape was amazing, for tho tank was ' protected by an iron grating and ho ' . fell between two of. the bars. Making -Voters Vote. In all civilised countries one of the greatest difficulties in the way of realiy representative government is -getting the voters to ; take enough ? trouble to go to : the poll. ' / : The State of Czecho-Slovakia put a new plan into operation at its last election, making it compulsory for all holders of the ? fx'aiichise to exercise it. Over, ten thou sand .citizens suffered: the penalty of a fine of 5 00 crowns or a month 'in prison, and these can 'probably be relied L on Co vote next time! ''arf Punishing the Innocent. For over a year the Fascisti in Italy - have been carrying fire and sword .into -; the Slovene villages- which the. war had jbrought under Italian rule. Overlooking the villages stands Monte Nero, and upon it the victorious Italians erected a war ? memorial; , A year ago. the smemorial'waa mysteriously . damaged, and the Fascisti blamed the Slovenes. Since then 'thoy, have pitilessly harried them in the -area' . of. the supposed outrage, looting apd burn- ' ing their homes. Now a famous expert has discovered that a stroke of lightning was responsible 'for the damage, and death and destruction have been let loose upon the offending villagers for nothing. Origin of 'Anzaic.' As is well known, the word 'Anzac;'* * ?which originated in 1915, -. represents tlx© \ initial letters of Australia and. New Zea land Army Corps. It was first given pub- . Hcity by the late Major -Oliver Hogue, a ^ 'Sydney (N.S.W.) newspaper correspondent at' Gallipoli. The word is now known world-wide. Arrested After Death. Sheridan, orator, statesman,^ author of The- School fop- Scandal ; and 'other stago classics,, was a,ctually arrested after death for debt. Bailiffs entered the silent ? chamber of death ;by a trick, and, touch- ? ing .the .cold forehead,- said: 'We - arx-est the corpse in the King's name fdr a debt of £500.' . . „ ?:. ? ' : '* ? Not.-UJitil frjends had subscribed tho suip.. could, the body be borne to the grave. Sheridan was carried like a prince to Westminster Abbey, ..straight ifrom the hairfsi 