THE DANISH SETTLERS. to tub mditor of tub aos. j Sir,— I have respect for Mr. D. S. Oman,' Jiul I have, always strongly supported! c.oscr settlement. But I regret Mr. Oman! has "butted in," apparently, without ae-l curate knowledge of what I am alleged toi have said at a conference of the Sailors'! and Soldiers' Fathers' Association held mj Gee long, and also at a meeting of the council of tlie New Settlers' League. In "The Age" of to-duy Mr. Oman is re ported to have said — Recently, nt the Farmers' conference held ii» tlrrlong, Senator Guthrie had tarilicisscd the Go vernment's policy in purclasing cauaiea in the WcNtern district, and Fubdividing them for the .-icttlemcnt of returned soldiers, on the ground ha'L it would imeriorv with alio merino wool industry. To show iffiat in this respect also he was shori- highU'd, lie (the Hi Ulster) would quote t few figures of a Western district cstuic, com- ori-ing a7,000 acres, which, while ual as a nation, rai.-ed a maximum yield of 3T»0 bales o vvool, 3000 to 4000 limbs, and carried, as a maxi mum, 10, (XX) sheep, 8inec its subdivision into 35 holdings for soldier settlers it had produced -170 h.ilcs of wool— nearly all good elaas mtrino wool — 6000 lambs and L2,C00 sheep Wing carried. Exactly what I did say was reported verbatim, as follows: — Victoria's record of land settlement was good. The buying of the estates had, on che whole, be&n; well done, jind in very few cases had in- lUtod values been paid. The proper policy wai. to open up Crown lands, and nuke these readily accessible in large quantities at very low priors The next thing was to buy large estates ,ii reasonable prices, lie hoped tho authorities \<.outd be careful nat to kill Uic staple production til Australia— wool. Tlie senator mentioned the in teresting fact that there were 80,000 wool growers in the Commonwealth, and £43,000,000 worth ol wool was produced per annum. Nothing but what was juat and fair had yet been asked of Par liament by che returned tuen. I there anything unfair or wrong in the above statement ? As Mr. Oman knows, 1 have hnd long experience as a wool ex pert, and for very many years was a writer for leading journals on sheep and wool, and I have always argued that cut ting up of large estates, when suitable, wo# desirable; also that closer settlement increased rather than decreased wouli production, but, of course, as all in the; trade know, in the vast majority of cascsj the value of the wool produced de-| t.eriorates in a marked degree. One cannot expect to disperse a merino stud that haa| taken 50 to 70 years to build up and pro duce tlie same class of sheep uud wool on mixed farms. My friend Mr. Oman is out for chal lenges. In the greatest' friendliness, I will ask .him to prove tliat I have ever bme anything but support closer settle ment — quite ft different tiling to the indis criminate bursting up of merino studs, which give us the key to the world's mar kets for mcrjuc wool. I would also oskj Mr. Oman to give the name of the; Western district estate be refers to. I Now, as regards the proposal to settle' Danish families in what is known as the! Guilders district, in Gippsland, Mr, Oman '& reported as saying — Amougat other things the senator declared that it was proposed to settle tho Danish farmers on land that had tern proved to lie useless. What I said, as reported in "The Age," was — From the evidence which had been gathered the land which die Government had made aviTfl- able was totally unsuitable for the purpose. K had been alxindoucd by the original settlers oft this acuoniit, and to-day not one of them re mained on the holdings. It was usekras settling Danish dairy farmers on land which Australians had already found utterly unsuitable for dairy Quite a different thing. I am one of a sub committee assisting the New Settlers' League in connection with the closer oottiernent of our lands. I was reporting to the general council by request, and mentioned, as was my duty, what practical men had' said as regards this Chiiders country being (juite unsuitable for dairy ing. If tny information is -wrong, the Lands department will, with case and promptitude, bo able to put me right by supplying the following- information When and how was an attempt made to -rcttle this Childers Hill country, and give -orrect detailed results regarding — (a) Was ft a success ? (b) How many of the settlers fell into arrears ? (c) How many of the original settlers are now on the blocks ? I fear there can be few, if any, otherwise how docs the land become avail able for the Danish families of dairy farmers ? I hope I am wrong. I am out to my utmost in the interests of immigra tion and closer settlement — to my mind out greatest needs. If Mr. Oman or any body else can prove any of my statements to -be wrong, I will be only too delighted to nekne wledgc my mistake and express recretd.— Yours. &c..; J. F. GUTHRIE. The Senate, 18th May. 