1TJLT2. WBSTSZS ATJSISALIA. FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1923. :. TOPICS OF THE DAY ? ? ? : ? ^ -' ? 1—1' ' ? ' THE. FAMILY SPIRIT. . It is a notorious fact that the Dominions know more about Great Britain than Bri tain knows about the Dominions, and that the only, true Imperial 'sentiment is to be found in the colonies. This is not so re-, markable as it is regrettable. The. people of 'Britain — it is the popular rather than the official outlook that inatters— regard the Dominions as subordinates or depen dants, on the assumption that Britain is the head of the family of nations cpmprisr ?ing the Empire. Compared with the out look of the pebple of ' the Dominions, the vision of . the population of Britain is al most parochial. It was a typical English man who argned, at a fruitgrowers' con ference in rural England recently, that if Dominion products could be excluded, it would be advantageous to the home grower. ?The contention, while economically falla^ cious, reeked of the Little-England tainL The bulk of the people of Britain regard London, riot as the hub of the world, but as the whole world..; They cannot see be yond it, because, their vision -has neither been developed nor directed by education regarding the riimor, but essential, parts of the Empire.' They honestly belipe/that the Empire consists of, and- exists for, Britain; that the Dominions are ex crescences, useful in their own way,; but dispensable. It is this narrowness^ this ignorance, this lack of the Imperial sen timent, that impedes the progress of; the Dominions, and causes British shopkeepers to 'display Danish and foreign produce while keeping the products of the Dominions in the background.' That is the language of Major E. A. Belcher (assistant general manager- of the British Empire Trade Ex hibition). ? In a lecture before the Colonial Institute;' he made' a striking criticism of the little-England sentiment. The' speech had a placatory ring about it, but there is no reason to question the sincerity of Ma-' jor Belcher, who' has world-wide experi ence, arid knows what he is talking about. It. is moire than Ekely-tfaat.be took an early opportunity v to express his opinions in order to allay the unpleasant, if not dangerous, emotions which have been awakened in. the hearts of the Dominions by the administration of the Empire Ex hibition. Major Belcher had not returned from his tour when the scandal arose re garding the use of foreign material and r/roducts in preference to Dominion good's at the Exhibition. Prompt action ' was taken to remedy the matter, and to efface its effect from the puhlic mind. The suc cess of the. undertaking was involved, and, in spite of the alacrify with which 'the executive sought to conciliate the ' ag grieved Dominions, it is certain that hone of them will enter into the seheme with the same enthusiasm as would have pre vailed had the unfortunate blunder not been, made; There is lurking at the back of the mind of everyone outside of Britain .that, even in a.matter essentially Imperial istic, in an undertaking deliberately de signed to foster and stimulate Empire trade, Britain could not suppress her heri ditajy preference for foreign products.. All this leads. one to the conclusion that the cry of Australia for preference for her dried and canned fruits — a measure which appears to be necessary and just— will fall upon unwilling ears for some years to come at least. The British people are not in a frame of mind to recognise even their own advantages from such a concession. Major Belcher remarked, significantly, that every Dominion gave preference to Britain. That is the vitaj point. Britain must realise that, while it is good business for the over seas people to buy from her in preference to buing in foreign markets, the true . reason for .the preference is something higher than mere commercialism. All other things being equal, Australia would, as a matter of principle and 'as an expression of her faith in the Empire, trade within the Empire. Britain does- not do that. Be cause she could buy Argentine meat a trifle cheaper than lie Australian' article, she allowed the Commonwealth to be practic^ ally wiped out of her markets. She has manifested the same indifference to the welfare of her overseas people in other directions. This inconsistency is not cal culated to strengthen those bonds of affee tkra which hold the Empire together. It is in the dried and cannild fruit trade in particular that Australia looks tpwards: Britain for assistance. Our goods are the best in the world. There is no doubt of that. Western Australian currants — we have it on the authority of Major Belcher — are unrivalled. Yet, while we find mar kets with difficulty, Britain is. buying 99 per jgent. of her currants from-, Greece. Proposals for preference have ? been re sisted by the British Cabinet. The Pre mier of South Australia (Sir Henry Bar well)* who is concerned about the future of the irrigation settlements on the Murray, stated the other day that, from his owii discussions with members of the British Government, he was not too iopeful of securing the preference. The attitude which has been adopted in London in this matter brings indirectly into question the bona fides of Britain in connection with immi gration. Britain knows that -many . of the people she is sending out to Australia will engage in fruitgrowing, and that, prefer ence for their products in the British mar kets would contribute largely to their suc cessful establishment. But? she will give nothing. Perhaps she does- not eare what becomes of the people, so- long as she is free from her unemployed burden. It is an unpleasant impression, but .it is one which is fast gaining ground. 'In the interests of Empire unity, something should be done to dispel it. Z ' . . An Error in Legislation. — Mr. Colebatch in the Council 3'esterday, read a communi cation from, the Solicitor-General, stating, among other things, that in his opinion the omission of the -word 'net' in the Land Tax and Income Tax Bill could: be correct^ ed by the Governor as an error in print ing. .. ? . .-.-; .', ' ' ? . A Eojonup Land Exchange. — A number of small Bills have bfcen presented to Par liament during the fiurrent session to eri-^ able agricultural ' societies to subsf itute s an unsuitable -piece of land for a block more conveniently situated and more suitable. The latest to be. submitted was disposed of by the Legislative.'' Councir vesterday. It referred to a Crown grant held by the Kojonup Agricultural and. Horticultural Society; The block was ? considered too small for the purpose for which it was required, and it was disposed of and a new site has been granted to the soeiety. The Bill was- taken through its principal stages yesterday. ? Uglieland, 1923.— 3£r. L. Smith, of South P'erth, who won the first prize in the tJgly Men's -Gup consultation, ha,? 'donated £8 6s.8d to the. South Perth branch towards, its stall .at' ' .' Uglieland. ' ' Mr. P. A. Connolly, in addition, to presenting an Overland. car to ike association to be dis posed of by art- '.union, has also generously sent in a cash: donation- of £300. Nomin ations for the mammoth log chop will close on- Tuesday next. Entries are coming in freeiy from, all timber centres,, and a re cord' is expected. Two interstate cham pions, Ivor Johnson nnd Amos Murrell,. in tend .taking part in. the chop. Messrs. Murrell and. .Johnson, and two champion exponents of .double-handed sawing,, have been asked to come to PertE to give exhi bitions, of overhand , standing block chop pine and sawing on the 26th, 27th and 29th inst. At ths same time, they will endeavor to lower ? the Australian record for underhand and standins block chop ping. A final meeting of workers will be held in the association rooms on Monday evening next, when a full attendance is requested. Another Error in . Legislation. — An amendment made by the Council in the Pensioners' (Rates Exemption) Bill waE being considered by the Assembly last night, when Mr. Angwin pointed out that the Bill as it had reached the Council was not in the. form in which it had left the Lower House. An amendment moved by him, and duly carried, to make it option al instead of .compulsory, for pensioners to avjail themselves of the exemption grante'l] by the measure, had not been in cluded in the Bill. ,, Progress was then re ported in order to allow opportunity for considering what course should be adopt ed in the circumstances. WA. Silk Culture Association. — Owing to the holidays, the W.A. Siik Culture As sociation has postponed the meeting called for to-day until nest Friday. The hon:' secretary desires to acknowledge prizes for the boys' and girls' free competition, to-be held in Perth Town Hair on Febru ary 9, donated by the following: The Hoo. A. Lovekin, M.L.C., £1 Is; Mr. Langler, editor, 'West Australian,' £1 Is; Mr. Smith,, MJjJl., 'Sunday Times,' £1: Is; Metropolitan Dental Co., gold medal; Mr. Egg-lestone, South Perth, 10s; Rembrandt Studio, Fremantle, * photo enlargement val ued £2 2s. As the list is just openedAJur ther donations will ' be gratefully ;xeceived and acknowledged by . .the president, Mra. Geo. Taylor, Ord-str3et, Leederyille, or Mrs. H._ F. Dunn, hon. secretary, Alice-rd., Claremont. . , . The Orvietb's Mailsi— -Advice has been received that mails which left. Fremantle per the R.M.S. Orvieto on De6ember 8, ar rived in London on the morning of Janu ary 5. Stabs Taxation. — Attention of the pub lic is drawn by the State Commissioner of Taxation to the. effect tha|, by a provision made in the recent amendments of the Land and Income Taxation Act, 'allow- able deductions', now include the cost of travelling expenses from the taxpayer's place of residence to .the place where his income is earned or produced, such amount not to exceed £15 in any one year of ass essment. In order that taxpayers may reap the advantage to which they are en titled, they are directed to furnish their claims to the department within the next fe-wr days, so that the returns furnished may be' adjusted and correct assessments issued. -;: Breach of By-laws.— At the City Court this morning IV R. Hungerford pleaded guilty to a charge of having erected a building in Jarrad-street, Cottesloe, with out having- first obtained the ' local coun cil's approval to the plans of such build ing. '., He was fined 10s and costs. Laborer Sentenced.— Albert Edwards (20), laborer, pleaded guilty, before Mr. W. A. G. Walter, P.M., at the City Court this morning to a charge of stealing a gold' bangle, a packet of razor blades, tiro cameras, and a quantity of photo graphic material, valued at £50, the pro perty of William Edward Chessher. Ac cused said that he committed the offence whilst under' £He influence of liquor, and had ;becn sorry ever since. He was sen tenced fo one month's imprisonment. All the stolen property has been recovered. . Breach of Health -..Act— Louisa Wheat ley, married woman, appeared before Mr. W. A. G. Walter, P.M., at the City Court this .morning, charged vath having, whilst not a. registered midwife, attended a pa tient _in that capacity. She was fined 10s. and cost& Assault. — For having assaulted Don Son nadire in Wellington-street on January 6, Joseph Harris (38) was v fined 10s and costs by the P.M. (Mr. W. A. G. Walter), at the City Court this morning. ; Fire on North rremantle Bridge.-rThe North Fremantle Fire Brigade received a call to the North Fremantle traffic bridge this morning. A small fire had broken out. and before it was extinguished slight damage was done to the decking. Businesses and Hotels for Sale. Money to Lend. Boans, Ltd., Real Estate, and Property Salesmen. Bie Emporium. Pertk 