TALK, of The Landing at St. Kilda. LAVISH preparations were made at St. Kiida for the oiflcial landing of the admirals, captains and staffs of the British Fleet on Tuesday morning, and for the enter tainment of the naval force generally, and it certainly has never looked more beautiful than on this occasion, with its decorations along the esplanades by day, and its myriads of lights by night, which, with the illumination of the show palaces, made it a fairyland of glowing color. Crowds of people congregated at St. Kilda on Monday 'morning to view the distant naval pageant, and in the evening the im mense crowd was reinforced by large numbers of bluejackets. A smiling morn on Tuesday witnessed a great and enthusiastic gathering, when Vice-Admiral Sir Frederick Field and staff landed at the pier, and were wel comed by the Mayor (Cr. T. G. Allen), Town Clerk (Mr. F. Chamberlin), and the city councillors. The pier and the lawn at its foot were reserved for special visitors, and 2,000 school chil dren. After the ceremony the bril liantly uniformed visitors were escort ed to waiting motor cars, and driven via Fitzroy-street and St. Kilda-road to the city. Empire Exhibition. The opening of the Empire Exhi bition at Wembley Park, London, is near at hand, and from the prepara tions made, promises to be attended with great eclat. In this connection Messrs. Thos. Cook and Son advise that they have received a large number of folders issued by the Exhibition authorities, containing information re the Dominions and Colonies exhibiting, and a colored map of the exhibition grounds, for distribution to any who may require them. Copies may be ob tained at Cook's office, 269 Collins street, or through the post by sending an address and a penny stamp. Aristocratic Landladies. After all there doesn't seem to be any real ground for the "pannicky" fears expressed by many Australians bound for the Empire Exhibition in regard to board and lodging in Lon don during that crowded period. Aus tralia House has developed a' new sense of responsibility towards the visitors and Sir Joseph Cook and Sen ator Wilson are dealing with applica tions from Britishers willing to "do" for Australians, and with appeals from Australians who wish to be "done" for. The Executive Committee of the Women's Section of the Exhibition, of which Lady Galway is the chairwoman, is also concentrating upon Lie hos pitable reception of overseas visitors. , Such bodies as the Boyal Colonial In stitute and the Overseas League, for example, are in touch with various private hotels, and accommodation will be found for sight-seeing visitors. In addition, private houses and many of the stately homes of England will throw open their doors to guests. The Egg—Warwick and Otherwise. When' Sir Guy Gaunt asked in the House of Commons last week why the British egg should be compelled to travel with a passport there was an outburst of hilarity. 1-Ie urged that "the Danish C3 egg should not be sold as a British A1 egg." Australia is for tunate in not having to accept eggs from abroad which are masquerading as the home-grown article, Our pro duce is excellent in quality. The keeping of choolcs is something of a national industry in Australia. It will be long, of course, before any egg in any country is able to achieve the remarkable success attained by the historic Warwick egg, immortalised by Mr. William Hughes, which hatched the Federal police force. That achieve ment would assuredly stamp the War wick specimen as belonging to the A1 Super-Dreadnough class. As an old Melbournian, Sir Guy Gaunt would pro bably be the first to admit the superi ority of the Australian egg. His Turkish Delight. Now that he has had to retire from Caliph-ing, the deposed Abdul-Medjid has come to the conclusion that this vale of tears is full of weeps. The cables tell us that he has taken to play ing dirge-like tunes on a violin. Had he been a Caledonian he would pro bably have found the bagpipes most suitable for droning out the laments which he would feel were suitable for such a lachrymose occasion. Evidently the ladies of his harem do not intend to be considered out of the running as fashion leaders in their new home in Switzerland. It is stated that they are unveiled and are dressed in the latest Paris fashion. Although Abdul is now ranked in the has-been class, he is try ing to stir up an agitation to have him self reinstated. There is a severe slump in values in the monarchy busi ness in Constantinople and Athens these days. Devon and Cornish Men in Australia. Twenty Cornish and Devonshire men, each with his wife, and with a total of 61 children among them, came ashore at Albany, in West Australia, as the vanguard of an immigration movement from their home countries, and there are hundreds to follow (some already on the water) if the reports of the first contingent are satisfactory. That is but a trickle of the stream of mi grants pouring into this counti'y, and no welcome could have been more cor dial than that extended to them. "You have reached port to-day," said Sir James Mitchell. "You will arrive on your land to-morrow, and two days later you will be at work on your holdings. No man can do anything for you unless you are willing to work. There is nothing in Australia we will ; not do for those who will work." Al bany, with its magnificent Sound, its : fine climate and lovely vistas of coun try, duly impressed the newcomers, whose letters home will be the truest advertisements Australia can have. Motor Reliability Tour. The Royal Automobile Club of Vic toria terminated its 1,250 miles motor reliability test on Saturday. The ob ject was to demonstrate to motorists the beauties of the Alps circuit, which embraces the highest peaks- in Aus tralia, and its safety from a touring point of view, and in this respect the test proved remarkably successful, for though minor defects in the automo biles were many, nearly the whole of the contestants came through the nine days' tour without accident, having thoroughly enjoyed their excursion. Beautiful weather favored them throughout, while great 'interest was displayed by residents along the entire route. The popular value of these annual tests is the attention drawn to the scenic beauties of the State, and to the conditions of the roads en route. The first day's run saw a climb over the Blacks' Spur, and the tour ex tended as far as- Mount Buffalo in Vic toria and Mount Kosciusko in New South Wales, the return being by way of Lakes Entrance. Streets Beflagged. There is a line or two of a patriotic nature which runs, "It's only an old bit of bunting; its only an old colored rag." You all know it, of course, but this week some people seem to have been carrying the sentiment of that fine old song into practice. Some of the bunting which has waved around the city has seemed almost too feeble to salute, and probably has been locked away too long for ceremonial purposes. Still the sentiment was there, and the Union Jack stands for British prowess even when it is like the flag which the small beleaguered force at Chittral rigged up a thing of shreds and patches, and possibly the city ran out of bunt ing, for in the central streets the dis play was great and only rivalled bv the multitude of flags and pennons at St. Kilda. Little Lions in the Way. In a democratic country plans for developments are subject to violent changes from political conflicts. Mr J. J. Simons, whose name in Western Australian politics is becoming very prominent, while defending Sir James Mitchell's policy, during the course of the State elections, touched upon that subject. "Sir James," he said, "repre sents the greatest hope of Western Australia, for he has proved himself to be one of the biggest, wisest, and most sagacious men in Parliament, if the State has suffered from one thing more than another it has been lack of faith on the part of her citizens. The build ing of the Fremantle harbor, the crea tion of the goldfields water scheme, the development of the wheat belt, were all decried and opposed by the same type of small-minded men who are now opposing and decrying the group settle ment scheme." Visions of the con tumely and satire poured out on the head of the late -Lord Forrest, whose personality almost entirely carried the first two of those schemes through, must have arisen in the minds of many who listened to that vigorous speech. Lord Harrowby on Immigration. That the control of immigration should be taken out of the hands of the politicians and handed over to business men was the test of Lord Harrowby's earnest address at Bendigo. 1-Ie may be assured that the people of Australia are quite alive to the desirability of filling this continent with people of the British race, and are actually doing all they can to promote it. But it would be even more difficult to con stitute a body of business men who were not politicians to control immi gration than it is to persuade the Britishers to leave their home country to come. The latter are offered every facility, and, as a matter of fact, are arriving in shiploads month by month. The crowd of visitors Aus tralia has sent to the Empire Exhibition, all with money, some with titles, and many of them formerly emigrants from the country which they are re-visiting, should be sufficient al lurement to induce people to come to a country where the con ditions of life are easy and money and food plentiful. Queensland's Hospitals, Queensland appears to be giving New Zea land a close run in re gard to good laws. A distinguished English woman, Airs. Sanderson Fur.niss, before leaving Australia by the Ulysses last week, said she had been wonderfully im pressed by what she had seen of Queensland and its legislation. She had always been told In England that in hospi tals run by the Govern ment the human Inter est is lost, but after vis iting Brisbane hospitals and school clinics she knew that was abso lutely untrue. Those In stitutions were the host she had met with hi any part of the world, and the interest was en tirely human, In these places were to be found the real moaning ot oharlty and lovo of hu manity. ^ ■raufll^H 