Dr. Page in Dorrigo SPEECHES ON DAIRYING INDUSTRY — u— — The Federal Treasurer (Dr. Earle Page), who is on a tour of his elec torate, ihe Richmon,d-Tweed and southern portion of Queensland, ar rived in Dorrigo on Thursday morn ing accompanied by Mrs. Page and Mr. R. S. Vincent, M.L.A. There v. as a fairly large and representative gathering of town and district resid ents opposite the Memorial Hall to meet the visitors, who on their ar rival were conducted to the Hall and welcomp.1 hv Mr A Walkpr. Presid ent of the Dorrigo Progress Associ ation. Mr. Walker, after briefly referring in complimentary terms to the work that had been accomplished by Dr. Page, said that he (Dr. Page) had at tained to almost the highest position in the Commonwealth during his com paratively short term in polities. (Applause). Indeed he had occupied the high ofiice of Actins Prime Min ister, and with great credit, for a per iod. Proceeding, the speaker said their visitors could only remain for a brief hour, and as representatives of the local Dairy Company wished to place a few facts before Dr. Page re garding the industry he would be brief in his remarks. There was no doubt, Mr. Walker continued, that the dairying industry on the whole was not on & sound economic basis at the present time. What v/as a good price for butter before the war was not so now, and until dairymen were assured of at least 1/- per lb. in the flush season butter production would r.ot be payable. An effort was being laade to better the present conditions, and as a last resort they were get ting the Federal Government to in terest itself in the matter. Mr. Walk er then called on Mr. Jas. Kirkland (Chairman of the Dairy Company) to state the position as it affected local dairying interests. Mr. Kirkland prefaced his remarks vnth a eulogy of Dr. Page, whom, he said, he was pleased to know had acted as Prime Minister of the Com monwealth. He dared to hope that seme day he would attain to that high position. (Applause). Proceeding, Mr. Kiiklsnd said he could say from his knowledge of the dairying indus try that under present prices dairy men v/ere not getting a fair return for their product. During the re cent drought prices were certainly much higher, but that wa3 no con solation to dairymen for then very little butter was being made while they also suffered heavy losses through cattle mortality. The only hope they could see now of bettering conditions was in the stabilisation scheme. By its adoption they could keep the prices in Australia up to a fair level f.nd commensurate with the leturns fiom other industries, wages, etc. They v/ere trying to work out a scheme to stabilise the industry, but to ensure its success it would need Federal legislation to empower a board to control prices and keep them at what was deemed a fair level. They would have to have a levy and enforce it to make up any loss incur red on exported butter. Legislation . v,ras also required to prevent outside butter, principally New Zealand, be ing dumped here and sold at unfair prices. A reasonable duty was v/ant ed to prevent that. Mr. Kirkland said these were the chief point3 which they would like Dr. Page and Ms colleagues to consider. Dr. Page, the sieaker continued, was in contact with the primary producers thi'ough out the Commonwealth and fully un derstood that under present condi tions they- were not getting much of a show in comparison with the wage caraeis and those engaged in other industries. The primary producers were carrying a good deal of the weight of taxation, and were entitled to better consideration. In conclus ion, he said he was pleased to see Dr. Page travelling round the coun try gettinc all the information he could. Hie hope v/as, regarding the matter he had mentioned, that the Federal Ministry would use its judg ment and help the dairying industry in the manner they were asking. Mr. C. E. House, a member of the Dairy Board, said that last week a delegation was appointed to wait on Mr. Bruce and urge that legislation be introduced on the lines referred to by Mr. Kirkland. The representa tives of the industry, however, felt sure that by approaching Dr. Page they would be approaching a man who understood the position better than Mr. Bruce. They were confid ent that they would have his syra, pathy, and that he would do all in his power to agree to their wishes. Con tinuing, Mr. House said that if the Federal Government v/ould create the machinery asked for the dairying in dustry would be able to manage the rest. Every industry, practically, in Australia had a way of protecting it self, but the poor old cocky had to compete v/ith the world. (Applause). The conditions now were very unsat isfactory and he was afraid for the success of immigration unless al terations v/ere soon brought about. If they did not make conditions bet ter for the man on the land, he was also afraid that many of them would go off and get into the towns — like a lot of young men were now doing — where they could make higher wages in less hours than had to be worked on the farms. In conclusion, the speaker said the only men who were making a do of dairying were those who were married and had large fam ilies, and they had to sweat them selves to make a decent living. Mr. N. McKenzie. Manager of the Dairy Company, quoted figures as proof of the decreased earnings of dairymen at the present time in com parison with previous years. The fig ures applied only to local dairying, but the same conditions obtained in other districts. He said that during the _ period November, 1920 — March, 1921, the local Company manufactur ed 727,000 lbs. of butter and paid to suppliers £75,644. From November, 1923 to March, 1924, the Company had manufactured 600,000 lbs. and paid suppliers £36,538, or practically £40, 000 less than was distributed during the foregoing period. In 1920-21 an attempt was made to keep the prices stabilised, and at a figure that would give the dairymen a fair return, but the following figures and those quoted for the period November-March last v/ould shov/ with what success. From November, 1923, to March, 1923, they manufactured 784,000 lbs. and distri buted £51,000, or about £13,700 less than during the corresponding period Gf the previous year. If prices had been stabilised there v/ould have been an additional £50,000 distributed during the latter periods he had quot ed. Mr. McKenzie had additional fig ures, but owing to the short time at his disposal was not able to go into the position fully. Dr. Page, who was greeted with ap plause on rising to speak, said he was glad to hear the views that had been expressed because they torched on a problem that was vital to every prim ary industry. The Government real ised the serious problem facing Aus tralia to find profitable markets for its primary products. The adminis tration and legislation of the past had acted and reacted harshly to such en extent in regard to primary in dustries that they found in ten years the people engaged in those indus tries bad increased by only .2 per cent. The number who grew the things we eat had only increased at one-ninth the rate of those who v/ere engagec in other industries as bread winners. At the same rate of pro gress, and if no change came about, in a few years they would find them selves in such a position that they would not be able to produce suffic ient to feed them. However, only last week, Mr. Bruce had referred to their policy which aimed at a radical change in their marketing system, and through the introduction of which they hoped to effect a drastic change that would prove beneficial to the primary industries of Australia and the people as a whole. Already they had done something that v/ould be of benefit to tha dairying industry. The exported butter would be of uniform grades and quality and would go on to the Home markets bearing the one Australian brand. By the introduc tion of these regulations they hoped to lift our prices from 8/- to 10/- cwt. Australian butter was as good aa Danish. In fact there was no differ ence, yet they found that the latter commanded a much higher price, varying up to 20/- per cwt. The qual ity of New Zealand and Australian v/as the same, yet New Zealand ob tained higher prices. If Australia only got the same price as New Zea land it v/ould mean an additional £500,000 per year, while if they could command the same price as Danish, which they should, it would mean a clear million extra to the dairying in dustry. Continuing, Dr. Page said that although they hoped for good re sults from these regulations he re cognised that different and additional action was also required so that the industry could be bettered. While there had been an upward tendency of prices in almost every industry, until now they touched from 75 to 100 per cent, above the pre-war levels, they found that butter prices v/ere practically stationary. If something more was not done they v/ould short ly see men going out of dairying, which hail been getting it in the neck for the past three seasons. At the present time the industry was using the same number of cov/s as in 1911, but dairymen had improved their herds to such an extent that butter and milk production had increased by 25 per cent. It was one of the few industries that had been improving, and was worthy of every consider ation. However, while the Industry had improved its herds, and increas ed its production, farmers had failed to organise. The farmer would have to recognise that union v/as strength and organise like others. If they would organise themselves the Gov ernment would give them every as sistance. Continuing, he said the conditions in Eastern Australia were more suited for dairying than any where else in the world, and with the opportunties they had it should be* come the premier dairying country in the world. The Government was anxious to see an expansion in the industry, and in order to help bring that about they were prepared to use a proportion of the money from customs revenue every year. That would ho ^Tsplied in sibsidising ship ments for foreign markets. But be fore they couM do that the farmers must organise and come to a definite agreement among themselves, for they could not have say 80 per cent, entering into an agreement and 20 per cent, rushing to cut in to the local markets at the others expense. There must be, he said, a united whole to help the industry, and if they would thus organise the Government v/ould assist with all the means in its pow er. Again referring to the home market. Dr. Page said that large ouantities of Australian butter were blended with Danish and sold as such to the English consumer, who was none the wiser. In England it was generally held that our butter was ini ferior tc Danish, but when it was pold as Danish there v/as no one who could tell the difference, if there was any. The Government had arrang ed that during the Empire Exhibition the whole of the people there would bes upplied with Australian butter. It would be designated as such, and would prove a splendid advertisement for our commodity. As a result they could anticipate bigger inquiries, and it should then be their endeavor to supply regular quantities all the year round so that they could retain the British market and keep their trade connection. In conclusion. Dr. Page reiterated that no matter what the Government did it would be futile un less the dairymen made up their minds to stand together. They must not tolerate disunion. The farmers had to stick together and not be mis led by c&tch; cries. (Applause). Mr. R. S. Vincent, who was invited to speak, referred to the lack of or ganisation in the dairying industry. He had interested himself a great deal in the matter and would use his best endeavors to assist in bringing1 about that alteration v/hich was so much desired and which was essential for the well-being of the industry. In the first i---ee, he said, the cutting in prices that had been going on be tween the three butter producing States should be obliterated. The price cutdng had been brought about through an absence of organisation. The dairymen, as pointed out by Dr. Page, must endeavor to weld them selves into a united and compact body. He trusted that the scheme which they v/ere now endeavoring to organise would come to successful fruition, and that the committee would be the mouthpiece of the whole of the dairying interests. However, the scheme v/ould have to be adopted by and apply to the three States be fore any benefit would be received. Under Federation a barrier could not be placed on inter-State trade, but if Federal legislation were passed the industry could be stabilised. The speaker said that Australian produc era should endeavor to follow the Argentine's example. That country during recent years bad become the largest exporter of beef to Britain and ether European markets to the detri ment of Australian producers. She had also recently entered into com petition v/ith other exporters with her butter. The secret of the Ar gentine s success in regard to meat exports was her system of standard) isation. It had been repeatedly said that because the Argentine had chil led her beef she had won the mar kets, but that was not so. Statistics showed that only a thirteenth part of her expors was chilled. Therefore her healthy trade was_ due to her system of standardisation. The con sumer got used to eating the same quality beef, and were not going to purchase the nondescript stuff such as we sent over. Australia, there fore, in regard to products exported, lvad to recognise that quality counted above everything. (Applause). Be fore resuming his seat, Mr. Vincent paid a tribute to both Dr. and Mrs. Rarle Page. The latter, with whom, lie said, he had been associated a frreat deal during the past year, had proved almost as active as their Fed eral Member. She had visited many parts of the country in the interests of women's movements, and had been prominently associated with the form ation of numerous branches of the Women's Country Party. She was regarded as the main spring of that important organisation and was ever ready to assist in furthering its in terests. He understood that Mrs. Page intended visiting coastal dis tricts again at an early date, with the object of assisting women supporters of the Country Party to establish branches in the various centres. Her mission, he felt sure, would be as suc cessful as her previous tours In other districts. Mrs. Page accepted the chairman's invitation to address the gathering. She said she was delighted to be here, especially as it afforded her an opportunity to meet some of the wo men of the district. At many cen tres in which she had been she had been approached by women* and ask ed what was politics to do them. She had told them that politics should be of as much interest to them as the men, and that it was quite time they v/ere up and doing and standing be hind the men to help them. Women did not quite realise their power, but there was a growing consciousness among them and they were now see ing dimly what they could do. Mrs. Page referred to the growth of the women's branch of the Country Party in Victoria during recent months. In that State there were now over 300 branches. A little while ago a con ference v/as opened and she had been surprised at the keen interest that was manifest in the movement. She thought the women of N.S.W. could band themselves together in a similar manner and so make the movement so much stronger. She had started the movement in Sydney where they row had over a thousand members. A great many of them were most enthusiastic, so that they could con fidently expect the organisation to grow. Mrs. Page advised the women of Dorrigc to interest themselves in these matters and stand by their men. She hoped they would see their way to form a branch at an early date. (Applause). Mr. A. C. Newman moved a vote of thanks to Dr. and Mrs. Earle Page and Mr. Vincent for their addresses. He said that Dr. Page had shown a practical interest in the Dorrigo. Since his return to Parliament he had been responsible for obtaining for the community improved telegraphic, telephonic and postal services. Mrs. J. H. Davis, in seconding the motion, said the ladies were very pleased to meet both Dr. and Mrs. Page. Mr. Kirkland, in supporting the mo tion, said he appreciated the remarks of Dr. Page, and on behalf of the primary producers, v/ished to thank him. The motion was carried by acclam atio, and acknowledged by Dr. Page. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. The visitors then repaired to the Commercial Hotel for lunch, after which they continued their journey to Grafton, travelling via North Dorrigo, Tyringham and Nymboida. 