Tho following appeared In our Third Edition yostorda;'. "Soul of Honour" Farewell to Mr. Huxham Tribute from Mr. Gillies The citizens of Brisbane on Friday bade farewell to ' tho nfew Agent-. General, Mr. John Iluxham. In response to the invitation of tho Mayor, Aid. M. J. Barry, a representative gathering of citizens assembled in the City Coun cil Chambers. Included were -repre sentatives .of the Cabinet, members of Parliament, tocat -authorities, com mercial men, and the citizens genor- ally. The Lord Mayor of Sydney, Sir David Gilpin, also was present. The Mayor said' tliat they had as sembled as an act of courtesy to a citizen honoured by tho Government by appointment to one of the. highest positions overseas. Th'e""cTtfzchs" co operated in the -belief that' ll man "of Mr. Huxham's commercial ability could do good work in Queensland, but as these positions overseas had to be filled the Government had chosen' 'a good man. It could not be better re presented in London than by Mr. Hux ham. Although- lie was going to hit? homeland, lie would be. ' as it We're," exiled for five years from the inn! which he had made his home.- He -was one of the first' in the Labour party -to attain Cabinet rank, and had held that rank for nine years. The schools of Queensland had benefited greatly under his administration. Tlte Minister for Agriculture (Mr. IV. N. Gillies) apologised for tiid absence of the Premier (ATr." Theodore).1 Ho (Air. Gillies) abhorred speechmak-' ing — he would rather -lie in. his office working — that was why Parliament got on his nerves at times. ' There was too much talking. (Laughter.) Affer referring to the sterling qualities of Afr.- Huxham, he wished him success". Ho did not believe witli the late Agcrit- General: that the office, was. a sineciiKO- to be abolished.. He differed from, the Premier, on that point. Queensland had 'more to gain titan other States by1 the retention of .tile office.- - "With' the States competing for trade in London; they were entitled to have a. reprcson'-- tative. It would lie a different, matter if only one office was there for. Aus tralia. The problem to-day was riot "of production so much as the orgatti-; sation -and marketing of products. The, cry in the war had been;, "produce, produce, produce." but they had seen, the bottom fait . out of markets, lie was not going 'to/condemn the present British Government for failng to givo preference to" the Dominions. But under the state; of things abroad; there was a great opportunity, for Air, Huxham to help to open up' new mar kets for' Queensland. "John Huxham is the soul of honour," concluded Air. Gillies, "and lie', has the business ability to' carry 'on' the .work. "As a,,-, mate and; o7" friend; I- esteem liim, arid ;-:\yish' 'litm: and his good lady it pleasant ; term abroad,' and a 1 happy return' 'to Queens-v land." -; . . BUSINESS MKN'S'FAREIVELL. AIrT F. W. do Little, on behalf of the' Chamber of -Commerce,- paid , a- high tribute to AH. Huxham's integrity and business ability, . and Mrs.- . lluxliam's very good .work on- bejialf ;o£ various institutions. . - . r " ; Aid. A. A. AVatson (Mayor -of Too.-, weng), -spoke-: its the. 'representative of: the Chambers of Manufacturers; The- time L" wns never'; more ' opportune for, the presence '-of', u "live wire" im. Lon-. don. He had -never been ltV'favour of the -Stale butchers; shops,-; but; . he- would like to see them transferred to Britain, where they could sell Queens land 7'ineat dirept' to- British, .workers.: A-Mivc salesman > was -needed to.. pre.-', vent'"- Quefiislrinci: butter. «rom ...being.-, sold in Britain tis Danish, and Queens land mutton -as- New Ze'al.and. The q uallt v of the goods was all right, but, boftc-i' salesmanship was i needed. ' Mr. H. A. Alunul'iin (president of the Brisbane Traders' Association).. -,anT- Dr. J. . P. Thomson t Royal ^Geographi cal Society) also spoke. " The 'Mayor then presented Air. IIux-. hum --with a wallet containing a cheque from the citizens. .- AIR. HUXHAAI'S REPLY. Air. Huxham, wlto wns received with ' cheers, said that it would be hard far. him to. live, up - to their high praise. I-Ie purposed laying himself;:out to do his very utmost for Queensland. His business interests would remain here. He would not boast of what lie would do in' London. It, was the man who put off his armour, riot the man who put it on, who should boost. "I. He nasi hoping at the end of five years to ro'--. turn! and be congratulated on good ; work done. He would say, however., that the people, should feel that the State, had nothing to bo ashamed of in its commericnl nnd political life. He had lienrd comparisons between Queensland and -Victoria, for instance. They should remember that 'Queens-: land "was eight times tho size of Vic toria, with half its population. In railways' and oilier mutters, the com parison Would be unfit Ir; ' They should lake ""a pride in their State. People were coming from tiio south to settle in Queensland. They were not of a had type. There was no crime here like there was; in Victoria, although Queensland had been described as a Bolshevik State..- He believed in immi gration with careful selection. America, wns getting tho aery best: of the migrants from Great Britain and Ireland. That wag what we' were up against. Higlt wages were offered skilled artisans in tho U.S.A. — £24 to £30 per week. \Vma should also see tl: at we got creditable Immigrants. I-Ie" would do all that lie could for all classes of Queensianders. He would also do -his best on behalf of the Education Departirient. He, would riot rush ' into big speculations ' needing largo sums of money, but would ex periment where possible in . the hope of. leading to something1 better. He mentioned that he recently, had taken shares in a company which hoped to establish steel works in Queensland- (Hear, hear.) I-Ie would do liis best to help to build up the secondary industries of the Slate. He hoped that in- the five years during which he would bo away tlte State would progress in population and in every other way. Ho thanked them for their appreciation and encouragement. He and Airs. Huxham loved the State, and would do their best for it. (Ap plause.) Cheers then wore given for Air. and Airs. Huxham, and, at the instance of Afr. Af. J. Kirwari (Assistant Homo Secretary), the health of tho Alayor was honoured. Air. Klrwan paid a tributo to Airs. Huxham, who, lie said, was a splendid partner for her hus band. 