'Slip/ the Man -Frank Brown's First Impressions My first sight of "Slip" Carr on hirt return to Australia last. Thursday was when he wan leaning over tlie rail off the s.H. Euripides. In the distance I could see a. ffroeni blazer, dark hair, and a flashing smile. Later, when I mot him, the smile wn* still there. He shook hands hrartiw and rejoiced th.-t he was back in Australia. There was no doubt about tli« infection of thnt smile. It look but 4 moment for everyone to .ioin liis muod. There was something enptivalinfc about this straight-backcd young Australian, lvhose lean, dark features mirrored bis enthusiasm. One fc-lr in sympathy with what he wns going' to say before he said it. Ho is a highly strung man. a ouick thinker, eager end enthusiastic. There is a. champagne quality about, his per* sonalitv. The first question was, "Arc you go* ing back to the Games?" The smila faded in an instant. His brows furrowed. "I cannot say." he replied. I must wait until I consult my parents.'' Pressed for news about liis success abroad, be waved bis hand and said, "We'll talk about thnt later. This is • the subject I am most interested in a,t the moment." He indicated the hundreds of immigrants who lined the side of thu ship. Carr was welfare officer on board, and it was obvious that he would rather talk about his charges than his own successes. Widespread Popularity "I want you to look at these fin« folk who have come to make Australia their home," he said. "Say something about them. Help them to feel tliac they arc welcome." Later I saw immigrants of all ages press round liitn, saying their goodbyes and shaking hands. A little baby! girl clung desperately to liis coat. Australia was waiting to greet "Slip" Carr. the runner, but the::e people wera regretfully saying good-bye to "Slip" Carr the man. • • .It is a great thing to be world* famous'at anything,, but it is perils Ma a - greater thing' to win' the regard ot mefi; women and children.with whom one .tomes in contact. "Slip" Carr had done that. He had played for them, entertained them., helped them, and several of t:ie immigrants told me that no i.-no knew that-he was a famous runner until "Xhe Sporting Globe" came 011 l.oard at Albany with his photograph on tha front page. J 'We never knowed that lie could run at all."' said one passenger, "but ws knownl. he was a fine chap." In tlie course of conversation aftor-, wards I gleaned something of liis perienees; He spoke highly of the hop-, pitallty shown him 011 the Continent and Britain. He had run in Denmark, Germany (three times), Czeeho-Slovakia. Austria, Hungary, Holland and London. In all, he started in over 60 races, in* eluding- heats, semi-finals and finals, and only once was defeated. Here is a list of some of the morm important successes:— 22 and 24.—Copenhagen (Den* mark)—1st 100 metres, 10 3-5sec,: 1st 200 metres, 22 l-6eec. (both Danish re* cords). August 5. — Berlin (Germany)—let 100 metres, 10 4-5 sec.; 1st 200 metres, 23"'1^5sec. August 8.—Prague (Czeeho-SIovakia ) •1st" 100 metres, 10 i-Sscc.; ' 1st 200 metres.. 22sec. August 12—Pardubitz—1st 100 metres 10 3-osec. (equalling .Olympic record) ; j 1st 200 metres, 22 2-osec. (Bohemian record). August 16.—Olumitz—1st 100 metres, 10 3-6see. Aug. 19.—Kladno, 1st 60 metres, 6 7-10sec. (establishing new world's record); 1st 100'yds., 9 9-10eec. Sept. 2.—Kladno, 1st 60 metres, 6 4-5sec.; 1st 100 metres,'10 9-10sec. Sept. 14.—Prague, 1st 100 yds., 19 sec.;' 1st 60 metres, 6 3-5sec. (new world's record). ' Sept. 21.—Prague, 1st 100 metres. Msec. (Did not compete further this day owing to injury to ankle.) Sopt. 29 and 30.—Prague, 1st 100 yds.,-10sec.; 1st 200 metres, 22 2-5soc. Praise for Nurmi Referring to the trip, He Btated that every consideration was shown him wherever he went. Even ln Germany he wan very well treated, "although.'" he added, ''the people were suffering far too much for the trip to be enjoyable." He met nearly every worth-while athlete on the Continent and was particularly impressed with Paanl X.urini, the Finn miler, who cracks distance records with the utmost ease. "Xurmi," declared Carr, "is probably the most phenomenal distance runner the world has ever known. Yet he is a poor niodest man, unimpressive in bis street clothes, but a wonderful figure stripped for action. His shoes," declared Carr, "are not worthy of the name. They are illfitting and delapltated, but those things do not seem to worry him. He is very strict about his training, however. One night 1 was at a party with him and instead of getting into the taxi which was waiting for us he suddenly pulled his cap oft and galloped away into the darkness. He merely felt he needed a little exercise after the danclne and ran home—a distance of four- miles. I was told hat, lie developed himself into, a runner during his schooldays, when he ran ' miles' to' and from school every, day. "Before a race," continued the Australian sprinter, "he does 10 minute* 1 deep breathing and then lies down., for a rest until called, to tlie mark-j He is very populnr with the crowd, wherever he competes. Another'great distance runner is F. Wider, Sweden.', He easily won the King's Cup for most poit)U at Gotheilbei'g. . He lias: een beaten since by Nuniil. "Wider'S style, however, Is peculiar,, anq> lit' bound* rather than rune. Ba hM* slim lets and bis hip« 