SHIPPING NEWS. SEMAPHORE TIDESj-^ATURDAY; Oclobw 4-Low water. 11.40 ajn.; hlah water, 5.40 pjn. SUNDAY, October 5— High water, A ajn.; low water, 12 Boon. * FIGHT FOR AFRICAN TRADE. The general shipping position as re gards South Africa is not quite so friendly as it used to be (says a Capetown advice dated August 1). There are four big companies using the Tia- cape route to Australia. By mutual arrangement trith tbe Union-Castle Company the four —namely, Aberdeen- White Star, Penin sula and Oriental, White Star, and Holt's Blue Funnel— agreed not to cater for cargo in competition with the Union Castle Company. Last year, when there were more oranges on. hand and ready for shipment to the United Kingdom than the mail company was able to deal with, it engaged space on the via cape liners. But this year the three first of the com nanies named advertised, through the local agents (Messrs. William Anderson and Co), that space for oranges would be available on their homeward-bound stea mers. The shippers quickly took advan tage of the offer to such an extent that within a week three of the steamers were loaded here with a grand total of between 60,00^ and 70,000 bushel boxes. One of the vessels picked up, in addition, a few thousand boxes at Durban. The mail steamer, which sailed at the end of July and -the one that left. Capetown on August 1 loaded no oranges. Each vesael, how ever, left full, having loaded at Durban, East London, and Algoa Bay. The via cape liners are making a fight for it with the Union-Castle Company, not alone with regard to cargo, bat. also in the passen ger traffic Incidentally, Mr. Jones (a director, of the Aberdeen Company) has been in South Africa for the last couple of months' and' has visited all the impor tant centres. BELGIAN— AUSTRALIAN TRADE. The traffic from Belgium to Australia has made the least progress of any. since the end of the war (reports the Antwerp correspondent of Fairplay). The main reason cf this is undoubtedly to be found in the customs tariff now in force in Aus tralia giving: preferential treatment -to British goods. In spite of the reduced traffic, the shipping opportunities remain plentiful, for there are no less than nine lines run from Antwerp to Australia, which are:— White Star Line, Australian Commonwealth Line, of .Steamers, Com monwealth and Dominion Line, Holland Australia line, Lloyd Sabaudo, Nornke Africa and Australia Line, German Aus tralia Line, Ocean Steamship Company, and North German Lloyd. All these lines have not a. frequent service, but there is, on the whole, an average of six or seven sailings a month from Antwerp to Australia, which is too much for the traffic offering. The freights have re mained unchanged for years. ' They stand at 60/ for window glass, 75/ for plateglass.and 40/ for iron and steel pro dncta, which are the principal commodi ties offered for shipment at Antwerp for Australia. DESERTIONS IN AMERICA. Like several British shipping companies, the German Government in August raised objections at the American Department of labour against those stipulations of the American immigration law by which the captams of foreign vessels are bound to keep their crews on board during the stay at an American port, and to pay a penalty of 1,000 dollars if a member of the crew . should desert. The protest pointed out that such a treatment of the crew would be illegal under European law, and that the stipulations mean a discrimination against the foreign ship ping: trade NEW DANISH SHIPS. At the shipyard of Messrs. Bnrmeis ter & Wain a new motor ship, the Nord hval, has been built for the Norden Steamship Company, of Copenhagen. The dimensions of the vessel are:— length 380 ft. breadth 53i ft, depth 38 ft, and the capacity of the vessel is about 8,000 tons. The steamer P. N. Damm, built by the Copenhagen Floating Dock and Ships Wharf., Limited (Kobenhavns Flydedok and SkibsYaerft A/S) for the Vendila Steamship Company, Limited, Copen hagen, has had a, successful trial ram The dimensions of the vessel are: — Length 305 ft, breadth 43i ft, depth 20 ft 10} . in., and her capacity is about 4,160 -tons deadweighti- and: tonnage 2,281 gross, 1,368 net NORWEGIAN SHIP BUILT IN DENMARK. A new motor ship, the Rigel, built for the Bergenske Steamship Company, Ber gen, Norway, has been launched at the shipyards of. Messrs. Burmeister & Wain, Copenhagen. The- vessel's dimensions are:— Length 382 ft, breadth 51J f t, depth 34 ft, and her capacity is about 6,700 tons deadweight ZEALANDIA TO SAIL AT NOON. Messrs. D. & J. Fowler, Limited, in timate that the interstate passenger liner ZwiTandia will aaQ sharply at noon (the usual time) for Fremantle to-day, and that the vessel is not likely to be delayed in any way. MOOLTAN DUE THIS AFTERNOON. Latest advice received by Messrs. Elder, Smith -fc Co., concerning the movements of the incoming P. & O. mail steamer Mboltan is' that she should arrive at the Semaphore Anchorage from London and ports about- 3 o'clock this afternoon. She should be alongside the Outer Harbour wharf by 4 pjn. NORTHUMBERLAND FROM LIVERPOOL. Arrival at this port having been con siderably delayed through a fire, which occurred on board, and the subsequent long- stay in port at Fremantle, the steamer Northumberland is now expected at the anchorage about 4 pjn., to-day. The vessel has about 1.2S0 tons o£ general cargo from .Liverpool for this State, which will be put 'out at the Outer Harbour. Messrs! Elder, Smith & Co., are the igenta. ? - MOIRA -B0M EASTERN STATES. Originally expected at Port Adelaide yesterday from the eastern States; the A.TLS.X. ' Line ' freighter . Moira, is now due this ' Afternoon. She will discharge about 1,700 tons of general cargo at McLaren Wharf: v TANDA WITH GUNNIES. Bringing 2,300 tons of gtmnysacks for this port, the British India Line steamer Tanda, is expected at Port Adelaide from Calcutta to-morrow. She has been al lotted a berth at Birkenhead Wharf. 