Current Jottings j Improvements are being made on i the great Flemington racecourse at i great outlay; also at the neighbor ing course, Caulfield. A sporting columq says that when the . present plan of improvement at Caulfield is. completed, that .course will be one ( \- of the best equipped in the world. L It may confidently be said that when these two courses are finished with no other city anywhere, will be able to boast of two such racing provisions. To see racing carried out in the greatest perfection people will have to come to Australia The Victorian Vice-regal family, too, are quite getting on the Turf; Lady Stradbroke has had two or three horses; Lord Stradbroke start ed a colt imported irom England at Williamstown last week, but did no ?better. In restaurants at Wembly milk ?from South Africa was served, and it was pronounced to be as good as any. It was treated by the new Dan ish process. A wonderful . case of man's mastery over processes of na ture. It must have given the farmers^ of the Old Country rather a shoek though, because it might be that milk produced cheaply in South Af . rica might be a competitor, and thereby make life in Britain harder for the farmer by a sheer superab undance of what should be good things. It is the fact that the pro-, gress of invention may prove for any section an intensification of the 'fierce competition of- trade.' ? ?? : #' ? ? ' ? ?The fact of Mr. O'Callaghan be ing secured by the dairy Industry of the Argentine is deplored as a loss to the Commonwealth. There is also this aspect of it, that it betokens, the movement of the industry there to become a bigger-competitor -in the markets of the World. Argentine but ter Jias already got: a place in the . TJritish market; we may be sure Ar gentinians meant to have more of . Sithat market when they made the of-, fer to O'Callaghan. . Victorian Government has an arrangement for the immigration of 2000 people from Britain to go on the land. The Minister 'for Lands i complains that those who have come 1 so far are not of the kind arranged | for, but 'consist largely of auction- j »eers, clerks, bus drivers, and public- 1 -ans-' It might be expected that the i classes readiest to emigrate from Great Britain would be those v for whom there was the least hope'' at : liome, and notwithstanding the care Xvith -which the officers who select may be charged \yith, a large j?er ~ £entag6 of these kinds' arg sure' 'to 'get through the s^evc. 1^7. ? v\ . I.'. ; . ? ? ' , - ''v* -5 : ri -.. ? vN' . ''/I ''w;- The problem of how to provide for her population is a pressing one to Britain. There are the wide spaced dominions, but the moving of peo ples is an unprofitable business. There is industrial scope in the do minions but it is not defined, so new people land in a dominion to take their chance in promiscuous econo mic conditions. That was the gener al condition in Australia from the earliest times of immigration of people coming out to settle; people' came ready to go to whatever -was offering, and looking for better, and so many a thousand starting thus from scratch have become prosper ous; others have failed to get off the mark. Economic conditions have changed; it is more than doubtful if there is as much opportunity for the indivi dual starting from nothing and hav ing no craft for which there is a demand. It is a social problem as well as an economic one, and there is none more pressing, although the attitude of society to it is one of waiting for prosperity tp come about again in some imperceptible, way. That, of course, will always be the attitude till society acknow ledges a responsibility for the well being of its members, and jte mem bers on their part are taught to un derstand their obligations *to society. Re that offence of talcing a car from its owner's possessipn and using it and treating it anyh6w''ancl lead ing it anywhere, just now so rife in the metropolitan district, I suspect the misnomer 'joy riding' is some cause of the - prevalence ; fellows took it by that name' to be just a bit of sport, or a joke which society al io wed for as quite neural in the cir -cumstances, and to be taken in good humor. Of course, it . is an act of theft of the use, at the very, least. LUKE SHARP. ^ 