BRITISH POLITICS. SINGAPORE NAVAL BASE. SCHEME ABANDONED. LOKDOX, March 17. Mr. Jerome K. Jerome, toe author, has telegraphed to Mr. Brock way, thc Labour candidate for the vVestaiinsre) by-election, aa follows:-" Wheu thieve-, fall Out tl)ere ie a chame tor iionest men. The war.mongala arr now tearing at each other's throats and this may re- luit in our winning a victory for peace. Good wishes for your success." One ol the most surprising develop- ments in the Westminster Abbey bye election is the variety of quarters from which Mr. Churchill is receivi-ig support. Steve Docoghue. the jockey, and Jimmy Wilde, the boxer, are ad- dressing meetings on his behalf. Mr. Churchill complains that the Commu- nists have organised a Campaign of in- terruptions. The Cabinet further discussed the Singapore scheme this morning, and a new official statement will now be made to Parliament. The Parliamentary correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" says:-"The Cabinet, having taken a final decision on the question of the Singapore base, the Secretary to the Admiralty, Lord Chelmsford, and the Under-secretary, j Mr. Amnion, will announce in the House] of Bords «nd Hoase of Commons, re- spectively, on* Tuesday, that the scheme has been abandoned, and will disclose all coaimunicatioDS on the subject re- ceived from the dominion governments of Australia wad Kew Zealand, which, es might be expected, have declared1 themselves wholeheartedly in favour of Eping on with the work. Canada is lukewarm, while South Africa is against th* enterprise. A statement will be' coade chowing that the present facili- ties wjjl foe maintained at Singapore, and tl£| «e ott storage facilities will be considerably developed, necessitating the provision of ££O,OO0 in the new estimates for the purpose. The Onno sition intend io attack" the Govern- ments* decision cn tbs Singapore scheme with great vigour." The Admiralty has prepared an Im- portant return * comparing the fleets of the British Empire and the principal foreign countries for February 1st. Omitting all -obsolete Téstela, the figuras' aret^-r British Empire 22 M 18« 61 United ( SUtcs 1' £5 809 115 1 Japan !> 17 76 44 trance ll *48 *$ Italy T 13 41 43 Studs) .6 « 20 23 Ihn lobby correspondent of the 'Daily Empress" says that the i Cabinet oojmittee has definitely re-j footed, the Burnley airship scheme. "Th* Eons* of Commons ú**animou¿ly! uasstd a oe' ". thajt the Governotait j should t~xe : whole of the time OÍ' the Hos** tontil the end of tbs financial fSM? *P ., Wc, dynes, in moviog th« motion, ca-j phaaised tjhat the taking of private] PMjal*-rf ita» wis inevitable owing to j th« Very heavy programme of financial j fafetftgy-f. ' 23» GOTarnBiant did not, frepose to take any legislation before Otk second readiaj of th« Consolidated Fl id BO], fixed for March 26th, except tl Local Authorities Emergency Pro- fi ton' Bil, whl'\ was noscontentioui. Ir. Balr*w?i intimated that the Op pt Won did not oppose the motion. He pi ated out that the objection pre, w BS] * was to taking the tims of the Ol vTva-tives. The Liberal members ' jrafc not Labourites. n tba discussion of the Anny Eeti ta tea. Hr. Aylts, a I^owte, moved tl reduction of the gross personnel of: lé jOÛO by 160,000. The amanümeit w i supported by several .- aüer Li Maritas, sad finally rejected by ti rots« to 18- Mr. Aylts dylawd ti t tn» amandment was intended as a pi test against th» militarist!* ttend {ra th« amy policy. ' Kowerous Ii wurt tes» however, eloquently cp pi ed tas resolution, notablVMr. John, vi rd, who drew cheers what hé: stated I th t the tnan who did Bo^'defend the j sd oM .ouatry" was iùjt yrùi&f; ) » nani* of sn ETagUshman-' j Aying «o th» Hos. Orms»yr£¡-"H"e, the! r Seorttary for India, Professor : .aid that a commbHet ' had j appointed by the GovanjpBtat of j la to oonfar with the ColinSsJ "Office . ! sA^tustions concerning, BJJans in i «oloBlnw ad protectorates. .. The OtifHilltlsi would meet lc Lqndon a*Out thf midd)» of ApriL Bsprtje'^taiions «Ml he made to the Bsotétsry for ' " (Monis* on »Il questions of. Indians ' "led In Kenya arising from th« don »mbodied in the "Vyhlte Paper, sUo eartain pending questions in ii to Indians iu Fiji, fie hoped) , Mr. Simpson would b* Chsinnan ? 3h»" eommittes. ! ""he Hon- Ormsby-Gore asked how the Bei ot reference had been narrowed îenya and Fiji, when the whole ob of the committee was to. examine .Indians were treated throughout i oolonias. "sptaln Berksley asked whether the autyss would consider a resumption F Indian immigration to th«'.'colonies pnrposes of cheap labour. Jo reply was made to the question. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. to. brlclfWyBTi^arnW^ ^Ints bf per hour. A simiUr estimate, on wages and the local price of showed that the French brick earned 10 pints, the Belgian ii, arman ti, the Dutch 3Í, and the Danish 61. The price Af beer in Lon Éwas sixpence per pint, compared from ld. to l$d- in Paris, and «ac 40 per cent of the value was in taxation in London nothing was pdd in taxation in Paris. fe» last of the four mosaic panels eopmamorating the union of England, IrWand, Scotland, and Wales, was un vcfisd by the donor, Mr. Patrick Ford, in raf Central Hall of the House, of Com Bffm in the presence of f mstingmshed sjtsamblage, including the Speaker. The panel represents St Patrick wearing tbjji robes of a bishop, wit)* his hands cbttped in prayer, and' with tock cashel tn us background. £tr. T. P. O'Connor said that the frosuo symbolised a message of the re construction of peace in all parts of Vkp British Commonwealth. The pessimfst is always worrying lest there should not bs enough trouble to , ro: round. 1 If « man is described as having his heart' In fse 'rig'at plsor, you may be sure there is Botaclaing wrong with Wa »sad. 