BRITISH AND FOREIGN The French Chamber or .Deputies has j approved a measure reducing the num ber of deputies from 676 to 691. Mr. Lloyd George, who still is weak after a severe cold, spent Christmas at Criccleth. He said : "I am better, but have had rather a knock." The Customs officials are holding a quantity of jewellery said to be the j Romanoffs' family jewels, which were : brought by Prince Felix . Youssoupoff for sale in America. The Government released 42 black pearls on the pay ment of 12,000 dollars (about £2,400) duty. The correspondent of the United Press Association at Athens learns that Britain has made ^presentations to Greece, in a note delivered by the Acting Charge d'Aftairs, regarding the expulsion of King George of Greece to Roumania. Though M. VenizeJos declines to ac cept the presidency or the premiership, and declares that his visit must be only temporary till the new regime is set going, the Liberals still hope he will consent to remain and form Ministry. Two warders at Wormwood Scrubs Prison have been dismissed, and another placed on probation and trans ferred, follownng ar» Inquiry into the smuggling out of'prison of newspaper articles by Horatio Bottomley, a former member of the House of Commons, who at present is undergoing a sentence of seven years* imprisonment for frauds A fire broke out last week in the Imperial University at Fukuoka, the entire building and the engineering college being destroyed. The damage is estimated at 5,000,000 yen (about £500,000). Miss Peggy O'Neill, the original of the well-known song, is engaged to a Parisian sculptor. She is at present appearing at the Savoy Theatre in a revival of "Paddy, the next best thing." She Is one of the prettiest women m England, and the song Is exactly de scriptive. The work is proceeding of transfer ring 100,000 exhibits from the Imperial War Museum at the Crystal Palace to the Imperial Institute, South Kensing ton. The work of removal is likely to occupy three months. The House of Representatives' Com • mittee on Immigration is considering a plan to apply the quota rule to all, countries, including Canada, Mexico, and Cuba, chiefly because the Euro pean immigration stream is said to be entering through these countries. Captain the Hon. Alexander Ramsay of IJ.M.S. Dunedin, one of the vessels in tbe special service squadron, now on its way to Australia, as part of the world tour, has heen appointed to command the Chatham (which the Dunedin is to re place on the New Zealand naval sta tion) #n the homeward trip from iNew Zealand. The revolutionists claim several suc cesses, the capture of several generals, and a section of President Ohregon's troops. The Government admits that Its troop3 have evacuated Puebla, but claims that it still controls the situa tion. and is preparing a decisive blow at the revolution which is bound to be successful. The Luxor correspondent of the "Morning Post" states that Mr. Howard Carter and his assistants stopped work only on Christmas Day, and next day resumed the dismantling of the framework, on which is hung the gold-studded linen pall covering the second shrine. It is understood that they found two alabaster tablets bearing inscriptions which are expected to shed a stronger light on facts re- lating to King Tutankhamen's reign. The Berlin correspondent of the New York "Times" states that the Reich Government virtually has decided to appoint a Federal Commissioner to assume the direction of the Thuringia Government until the new elections, which will be held early this year. The activities of the "Reds" in Thur ingia are endangering the lives of citi zens and the safety of property. As the outcome of the visit of the President of Czecho-Slovakia (Profes sor T. G. Masaryk) to France in Oc tober, a treaty has been drafted be tween France and Czecho-Slovakia, providing close co-operation • in poli tical, economic, and military spheres, especially aiming at the maintenance of the new status in Europe under the peace treaties. The treaty will be signed in a few weeks. The correspondent of the "Daily Ex press" at Madrid says that the Com munist revolutionary plot for simul taneous outbreaks in Spain and Por tugal on December 28 was discovered in the nfck of time. Numerous arrests were made in 20 towns, .including Madrid. Bilbao, San Sebastian, and Seville. In order to avert suspicion, picked members of secret revolution ary societies travelled as footballers, organising matches. Prince Erik, a cousin of the King of Denmark, whose engagement to a daughter of a Canadian millionaire lumberman, was announced by cable last week; denies the correctness of a Copenhagen despatch saying that the Danish King had deprived him of his princely rank because he was marry ing a Canadian. Prince Erik says tl t he is only renouncing his right to succession to the throne. He remains a Royal Highness, and assumes the title of Count Rothenburg. That the Alliance between France and Czecho-Slovakia may eventually prove the bridge between Paris and Moscow is the opinion of a number of French newspapers, which declare that Dr. Benes (Minister for Foreign Affairs in Czecho-Slovakia), in the course of the negotiatios, expressed the opinion that as Soviet Russia shortly will be recognised by a British Labour Government, France and Czecho-Slovakia might Immediately do likewise. The Honduras Government has signed an agreement for the repay ment of £5,398,570 which was borrowed from Britain in 1867-1370 to build a trans- oceanic railway, which proved a failure- No interest has been paid since 1872, and the arrears amount to £22,326,112. Honduras will pay the bondholders only 20 per cent of the face value of the bonds. The twenty-fifth anniversary of Madame Curie's discovery of radium has just been celebrated. Eulogistic addresses were made by M. Millerand (French President) and various sav ants. The Curie Foundation also vas inaugurated, its purpose being to advance the use of radium, especially for the indigent sick, who will there receive free treatment- Two and a half grams of radium- and various subsidies by French institutions have been donated towards the foundation's up keep. Lord Beaverbrook, in the course of an interview, described the British election as a national disaster. He suggests that the divergence between the political opinions of the Rother mere and Beaverbrook papers proves that there is no newspaper trust in Britain. They merely happened to agree in the disapproval of the Bald win election. "The ownership of news papers in Britain is concentrated in a few hands,*' he added, "but I am abso lutely untrammelled in the conduct of my newspapers. Because a few of us happen to own all the newspapers in Britain it does not mean that a trust exists.'! . i The British steamer Hydrangea. I when proceeding to Swatow from Hong j Kong, was attacked by pirates. Viscount Kiyoura, president of the | Privy Council, who is unofficially fore casted for the Premiership, has been | summoned by the Regent The War Graves Commission has I made a definite proposal for the in- J spection and upkeep of four New Zea land memorial gardens - for approxi- J raately £100 annually. The Japanese squadron, which Is on a visit to Australia, arrived at Freroantle on Saturday. The admiral and staff, after paying a call on the State Gover nor, were entertained at a civic reception br the Mayor. Mr. Waichofu has despatched from Paris a note to the Ministers of the eight Powers, who were signatories to the Protocol of 1901, refusing to ac cede to the French demand for the payment of the Boxer indemnity in gold. It is reported that bandits captured Tsaoyang, in Hupeh. Mr. and Mrs. Hoff. of the American Lutheran Brethern, were wounded, and Mrs. Kilen taken prisoner. Another report states that three missionaries were killed at Tsaoyang by the notorious bandit chief, Lao-Yanglen. conference of Moslem divines passed a motion, declaring confidence in the Angora administration, and ex pressing a hope that a conference of Moslem divines and leaders from all parts of the world, will be convened to settle the position and power of the Khalifa in the light of the Koranic injunctions. Captain the Hon. Alexander Ramsay, replying to the message from Sir James Allen (High Commissioner for New Zealand), farewelling H.M.S. Dunedln, which is to join the New Zealand station, says: "Regret you :" unable to visit the most efficient cruiser | in tlio British navy." Cordial messages were exchanged be tween the King-Emperor and the King of Nepal at the conclusion of the new treaty, the latter fervently hoping that the ties of friendship will strengthened and restrengthened, and j become, with God's blessing as ever- j lasting as the mighty Himalayas. The High Commissioner for New j Zealand (Sir Janies Allen) has joined I the committee of the Empire Leprosy1 Relief Association, which will launch a campaign on January 31, to stamp out the disease within the Empire.. Ad miral Lord Jellicoc has been elected a, vice-president. The American Legation recently protested to Mr. "Walchiaopu, anent the capture of Mrs. Kilen. an American missionary at Tsaoyang, and Called on the Chinese Government to take im mediate steps to secure her release, and demanded the protection of other Americans in that locality. •The correspondent of the Exchange Telegraph Co. at Luxor says the inside portion of the inner but not the inmost of the shrines enveloping the expected mummy of Tutankhamen has been re movrf'on Dec, 2S. It bfcars the figures of 6 hawks with outspread wings, the symbol of the great god 'Amen, protecting his beloved son's mortal remains. The people of Tagliacozzo took a terrible revenge on a man guilty of sac rilege, who entered a church at night and stripped the statue of the Madonna of its jewels. He was arrested, and the infuriated population attacked the prison. They seized the man and hanged him to a lamp post; they then soaked him with petrol and burned him alive. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners have arranged for the minimum stipends to clergy of the Church of England to be increased to £300 if the population is less than 1,000, £350 if less than 4,000, and £400 if over 4.000. Responsibility for paying the new quotas will be accepted by the dioceses, where considerable sums have been collected to augment stipends by self denial wee«?s. The annual statement of bills and cheques paid at the Bankers' Clearing; House last year rhows that the busi- j ness transacted totalled £36,627.592,000, a decrease on the previous year of! £533.869,000. Ninety-five per cent of the decrease occurred at the Town Clearing. For the first three-quarters of the year the aggregate decrease was £1,001,572,000, but in the last quarter there was a satisfactory increase of £467,703,000. The British National Opera Com pany strongly resents the scheme to bring the Viennese State Opera Com pany to Covent Garden in the summer of 1924. It is pointed out that if the AustrianB are given preference in re spect of the lease, it would mean the end of British grand opera on the scale the National Company has been giving, besides throwing 175 persons out of work, because the operas could not profitably be played in the pro vincial cities in the summer. Mr* "Pussyfoot" Johnson, the tem-; perance advocate, has arrived in Londan from South Africa. In a statement, he said that | if he had the power to make Bri- j tain dry by the waving of his hand lie would not wave it. He would not j compel any people to go dry. It was j better for them to rule themselves and decide the question on its merits. He said he expects South Africa to go dry shortly. New countries showed a greater desire for prohibition than old. Mr. S. C. Lazarus, lecturer at the University College, Bangor, has been appointed lecturer in philosophy, and Dr. J. N. Greenwood, of Stockbridge, Sheffield, has been appointed to the chair of metallurgy at the Melbourne University. The former will sail on the Maloja in January, and Professor Greenwood will arrive in Melbourne on March 24. One hundred and fifty Baraardobog and girls will sail (or Australia by the Euripides on Friday. , cjavpril sharp earthquake shocks in. the Philippines wokfe up ^siden of Manila between 1 and 2 o clock xnis morning. Captain Standen, of the was shot dead on December 22i at IW dola, in Waziristan. by a Sepoy, who ran amok ^ It is announced that the question of Unite* emigration to Austtnlia satisfacfconlv settled. ine wealth new is open to •Maltese. The Regent (Prince H-sohito) has summoned Viscount Kcieo ^ JS-^SfoiK Ce'rrsiuce 19lhe United States Consul has ta iFl^H'Sie'&o.O;^d^ (about £150,000). Lord Headley. the Molianim^ peer, ia petitioning tor a decree ot judicial separation from his wife, who formerly was Mrs. Barbara. Baynton. an Australian n°vclist. Three steamers are unloading the «st agnsww import of timber from. Russia since VU' A mandate has been issued dates of the parliamentary elections ! for April 14 nSt for the preliminary, and May 14 for the final elections. The termof the present Parliament ex pired on October 10 last. ; a report from Landak states that a Shlnwarl tribesman, who is concerned in the murder bf Major Finnis, in i Baluchistan, has been captured. I others are evading the vigilance of the [militia. ! Rear-Admiral Sir Guy Gaunt, M-P., 1 sneaking at a meeting of women Con servatives at Dufileld. advocatea tfce formation of a strong^ constitutional party, composed of moderate Conser vatives and Liberals. The Philippine constabulary Wiled 31 Moros during a battle where the Moros were committing depredations. especially destroying telephonic communications. None of the constabulary "was injured. The Mexican revolution 3s "ot. quelled. The troops of president Cbregon axe falling back on^a portion ot the Vera Cruz front, but there is little or no actual fighting. Hostilities may be desultory and long drawn out £300,000 is provided epually I'aS Ltd., and the International Engineering Corporation of New York. The Italian Cabinet hasdecided to create a new decoration, Merit for Work." to be aw«ded exclu sively to manual workers of both sexes of distinguished skill, trustworthi ness. and good conduct who bavecn gaged in industry for 25 years, and hi agriculture for 35 years. It is understood that the British Gov ernment has been inquiring from the Little Entente Governments bow imp the loans to which Poland. Jugo Slavia, and Rumania ar® subject as succession States are likely , affected by the loans recently con eluded between them and the French Government. The U.S. Army Ordinance Departinent announced that it has perfected a weighing 700,000 lbs., which is of hurling a projectile welshing 1.600 lbs. a distance of 23 miles. It is of the 14-inch 50-calibre type, ana is mounted cn a wheeled c^rnag^ cap able of transportation on tracks. It is electrically controlled. Listeners by wireless in London, equipped with simple crystal sets to ni"ht ; were delighted to hear quite clearly, operatic selections, organ and pianoforte solos, and a scries of ad dresses broadcasted from ,, ^ ' (Pennsylvania) station. United States of America. This was. accomplished as a result of successful picking up on hfgh Sound outside the metropolis and retransmission fromiLondon on the broadcasting station. The Foreign Office has announced that Sir Auckland Gedaes has resigned as his doctors have advised that the state of l is eyes would not permit mi immediate resumption of work. Con spouently Sir Esme Howard J*® bassatlor to Spain) has been appointed ambassador at Washington, while Sir « (High Commissioner at Constantinople) will became am bassador at Madrid. The report of the strong committee of clergymen apd lasraen. includ-mf eminent physicians which was ap nointed by the Archbishop of canter unnrr after the Lambeth Conference cf »2T ^consider the <=ballepgeo£ Christian Science, while wclcomlng tho recent development of spiritual nesi_ ing rules definitely that no sick per. son must look to a clrrgymap - I form a physician's or surgeons duty The oartv of Barnardo chlld^f* bound for Australia were at the Y.M.C.A. headquarters by th9 councillors of the Barnardo Homes and members of the ChildEmigration an Welfare Societies. Mr. H. P. C°IO h.iteh Agent-General for West tralia! addressing the children, of whom 100 are girls, emphasised the fact that they were not going _ away, but to another home among their own people. . John Finnerty, reprinting the Auaafr can "Council ot the Irish RepohliA .to arrived in Dubtin. where he is to dnect a fight for £500,000 party, funds, sub scribed in Americam to which both tfca ■prw» Qtate Government ana u® em ifrtns a vlato- The Amenta consul iln Dublin has been commissioned to « amine De Valcra, Austin Stack and R C Barton. The last named has been I released, but the other two are still in tetnedi 