INTERSTATE. THURSDAY, May 9. In the Senate yesterday the Customs Tariff, Bankruptcy and Nauru Island Agreement Bills were put through the second reading and committee stages. The adjournment of the House ef Re- presentatives was moved by Mr. Gregory to discuss the imposition of the dump- ing duty- on wtre netting, 'the motion laifieing by effluxion', of. time. The second' reading of tlie Canned Fruit Bauuty • Bill' -was. farther debated. Sei-ieus distension exists in the rank* of* the I*aboiu* unions, states Mr., (J, Waite. of. tlie United Lofourer*'' Protec tive Society, and! ]4ie Communist, ele ment- is rapidly, gaiuiug ground: There were sign* of waning, enthusiasm ox a mass meeting of. Melbourne tram* wav, men Kesterdag. The plan announced by tbe Prime Minis ter recently for assisting primary producer* is. beiug considered by tlie Federal' Ministry. Cane grower* iv (he Tweed* district are taking'vigorous aetiou to combat the out hreak of summing disease, w-hiohi has severely, affected ocrtain furma on- the i'Weo.l. It is proposed by the Labour Govern ment- of SonfJt Australia to dieeontinue tho boy-migration scheme started- by the late -liberal) Administration, and.' •to concen trate en- the nomination- system*. Following a series- of veuiarkable es capades, Walter John Parker,, who luts caused' the police a> groat deal of trouble since early in April, was arrested, near fvotttoaloe (W_A.) by a nonstable leaning from* a- police car on to. the footboard of Parker'* running car. The Commissioner For. Australia, iri America (Mr. Donald Mackinuon) lias in* tiwatetl' hi* intention- to retire. Melha XV.. known as the wonder oow> of the Dai-balatn herd of milking, Short horn.,, has established a world's j*ec:.rd for butter-fat production uniep authen ticated* conditions. The Victorian Government suffered another reverse yesterday owing to the Conntry . Party voting solidly with , tlie LfllMiir Pavty.. The Prime Minister of Xow Zealand tilt. . hXnsMv), in reply to a letter ad dressed, to him by four Labour members, intimated that the Government would have a surplus this year of well under £2400.400. As a result of tlie Inquiry fntb thrToss /of. tho steamer Wyxallah. the court found that, the primary cause wa* the action of the cantain in changing his course. _ Tile residence of Mrs. J. M'Donald. at Darling Point. Sydney., was broken into yesterday, and: goods, including diamonds worth over £300, were stolen. The term of. office of tho Repatriation' Boards in each State will' expire on June SO; and the Federal Government is making aftiMtintmenta for another 12 months. -Ar man named Simpson was convicted at Palmeraton (X.Z.), of defrauding tba ' Dairy Company over oveani tests. .lames McCarthy, was Vorknig at the. cycle exhibition in Melbourne last night When- be took hold: of the main switch, depressed it, and was electrocuted. Prime fat bullocks at the Newmot-ie6 sale* yesterday, brought €13 to i?4/l«/', extra, £15 to £18; and good, £10 to £12/16/: The demand for fat calve* was unsteady, aud prices were in favour et buyers. The managing director of tho Patricks Steamship Line announced yesterday, that tlie steamer Induna bad lieen witltdrawn from the South Australian—Gulf trade, and placed in the Melbourne— Holuui trade. The opposition company reduced rates, lie said, to his company's level, and there wns not tonongh trade for two com* panics. Hobart -Donald. Taylor (10 years of age)' died in the Hobart Public Hospital yoster* ♦Hay, as the result of injuries received' when knocked down by. a motor ear on Satur day evening. Mr. H. Brock', who is voyaging frent, Sydney to London on the Largs Hay* yesterday reported to the Melbourne Police the loss of £46 in notes which he ' had given to his cabin companion "tor change' into gold." Frederick Stephen .Wells, n forme? b? Goulbnrn. staggered iuto a bouse in that town last night covered with blond, ami1' with gaping wftuuda in the head. A mari' and a girl * liav* been* arrested, and re manded in a charge of occasioning bodily barm to Wells. The claims for increased wages by? postal asfistauts. ma)r> telephonists, ami senior assistant* outsid*> thn mail branch' were ycAteitlay rcfuaed by the Public Service Arbitrator (Mr. Atlee Hnut). The Federal Country Party met yester day in Melbourne, and' mibsequetitly Dr. ' Karle Page said be was hopeful that all (ttfticnltte* "would be overcome before king, and that the relations between tbe Nationalist -and Country parties would remain amicable. After spending several weeks in the rough country around- tlie Queenslaml liorder hunting for stolen cattle, the police arrested'three resident* of Tenterdeld. 'In •_ hidden vaflty, with a secret exit, tlie police found a numlier of cattle, which tliey allege have been stolen. Mrs. Maun* wns knocked down by tt motor lorry in Central Square, Sydney,, amd a wheel tiassed over her head; She •JM later in the Sydney * Hospital. FRIDAY, May ?. Bi*bop Long, of Bathwst, says that Hie young Mughal* bride* who Uod come to Australia- with on* rctirrueii^soMienr* affe;yovii-g tlteir worthi fne jury failed to-ogre* in tfcr Wse iri *Haifed' with* having ■ haihouted; Aamssp .-ftirtayf M hew trial bus been oriered-T The Prime Minister (Mr. Brute... |9' hopeful 1 ef a solution of tbe difficult-.*' ut tile was for the establishment of ac% -Bdihwb wiseless chain. A new engine has been sent from PestK for the seaplane i_y which Wing Command-* er €sebl* and Flying Officer __t*bity_>e are attempting, to fly round Australia*. The airmen: are at present delayed *$ Carnarvon. The Australian Olympic team wer*i given- a civic reception at Adelaide yester day, prior ta sailing, foe Europe is tlDa ftMJ. Ormomle. George William Auburn wae cannutte^ for. trial? on a% change -of wilful1 murder; at the inquest on John George QTSbajty. the taxi- driver wjio was*, murdered- xuai. •Perth. Evidence was given yesterday that -MT bacteriological- examination of Auburn* ooafc revealed a number of human bipod" stains- on the back and. front. ' The conference of Ministers ef Agri* culture wa* opened in Sydney yestedayc by the Governor of New South Waki. mv Dudley de Chair). Miv Giilica re** presented Queensland. Miss. Marie Byles is the first woman solicitor in New South.Wales, and she will practise in Sydney. A special Presbyterian Committee of Victoria reports in respect to Spiritual healing; that it has not sufficient evidence to show that organio cases Wave been cured, but docs not deny the possibility of such ones. The Gold Producev«* Association within! five, years has sold gold, expressed; in sovereigns, amounting to £ 17,515,445. Leslie Sealey (16): was killed through falling down a disused mining shaft at Eaglehawk, Victoria. Thomas Ernest Rolfe applied for and) was granted- a speoial jury of 12 in t«Lr? pending claim for £25.000 for alleged' libel against Smith's Newspapers. A floating object, which is considered a danger to navigation, has been staii off Clarence Heads. A woman's leg .was brokeu, several, per sons were badly bruised, and more suffered f|rom shock as tbe result of a panio in, a picture theatre at Port Melbourne lato lost night. Tbe cost of the Kyogle—South Brisbane line is estimated at £1.900.009. The cost to New South Wales is estimated at £l,- 290,000. and to Queensland approximate})*. £400.000. The total value of the wool clip sold in New Zealand last season is over £11,009,000. r Tlie cost of sinking H.M.A.S. Australia was £300. Material of the value off £39,909 wa* removed* by tlie naval* authorities for future use. and' fittings valued at £35.000 Were allocated to sis universities for facilitating instruction. Tho Melbourne Tramway Board yester- day formally dismissed tlie 3300 men on strike. The President of tlie Arbitration Court has ordered a compulsory con- ference. The chairmim of tlie Gold Producer Association said yesterday that for the' five yearn ended December M lkst, the association, bad sold gold, expressed' in* terms of sovereigns, amounting to £17. -u1X448, at a gross average price of msf*/IM each. SATURDAY, May 10. A mas* meeting of the Melbourne Tram- Way Employees' Association yesterday rejected tbe proposed terms for a set- tlement of the striker and a subsequent conference between tbe parties failed. The second reading of the' Canned Fruit Bounty Bill was moved in tbe Senate yesterday, the debate being adjournal. The Northern Territory Representation Bill, was passed to the report stage. The sitting of the House of Represents tires was devoted to the continuation e# the debate on the second reading of the Seat of Government Administration BiH. the debate being further- adjourned.. . Yesterday was the 23rd anniversary; of the birth of tlie Federal Parliament, ami the Prme Minister, in referripg to the occasion, mentioned that the surviving men-tore included Messrs. P. W. B*sm ford. 0. M'Donald. and 1). Watkins. The Hood. Repulse, and Adelaide, of tfii Light Cruiser Squadron, loft We.lmgt** yesterday morning for Napier and Auells land. • A no confidence motion in the vie* torian Legisative Assembly was defeat** by a majority of 10. A message was received from Sydney yesterday to the effect that seven pits are idle on the Northern coalfield, involve ing over 2000 miners. In a launch, which bad been snMshoi' by heavy seas, two men.with their wiven and children spent two' days and tw# nights adrift in Cook's Strait. They wfero reaeued by the Corinna. Proposals for the settlement of ,tke -tfelbonrr-r tram strike were submitted tw a mas* meeting of strikers yesterday. Sir Samuel Pay and. Sir Vincent Gardeit arrived in Sydney' from London yester day to investiaate the workings of the New Sonth Wales Railway*. A cable has lieen *ent by Mr.' Bntee to tlie Australian High Coinmisaioner in London stating that no firm was' to be allowed to ocenpy any portion of Au? tralia House. A reeommendatHin bfli been addressed lo the Federal House of Representative* for tlie erection of barracks, at an e*ti? mated* cost of £33.000. to accommodate 29* seamen At the Flinders Naval Base. A Sydney accountant was charged yesterday with stealing a motor launch in which he set sail for Samoa, the Solomon Islands, and Japan. The vessel drifted ashore on the way to sea. MONDAY. May 12. The Federal Public Works Committee (%? >SSB { <auffio?l&-..'Vt| ffcpufr Unease I beyond - -the amount, .specifically provided for-the- y*>ar. -■ end' this • jias b?en .ex- ' i Juusted. 1- . '•" < At the conference of the Ministers for .-Agriculture onl Saturday it was decided Jthat necessary legislation and financial '.backing should be provided in each State for the pur-pose, of amisting the farmers An unite themselves into a comprehensive organisation for the marketing of their. . products. The contest for the "head of the trtver" 'honours amongst Victorian school 'eights on Saturday resulted:—Geelong Grammar School 1, Melbourne Grammar (School 2, Scots College 3. 'For a week tbe tramcars have becri absent from the streets of- Melbourne, tat' no definite end of the tramway -ptrike is in sight. Seven persons were injured when * \- treir' wheel of a motor car collapsed near Brookly railway station. Victoria, on Saturday night. The car somersaulted .ever an embankment. When a car and a motor met in if -terrific head-on collision- in Footscray, Melbourne, on Saturday night, three per* " eons were injured. The position of tho butter market ill .Britain still continues to be puzzling, for though the price of the Danish product lias been raised, the prices for Australian .and New Zealand butter have declined, end even at the reduced rates the demand is very quiet. The demand for frozen beef by Italy is increasing steadily. It is under* stood that considerable purchases are being made in Australia for direct shipment. An electric passenger train crashed into ihe guard's van of a goods train in Mel bourne on Saturday. The van was tele " scoped, and Joseph O'Loughlin, the guard ef the goods train, had a remarkable escape from death. Wing Commander Goble, who lias suc cessfully negotiated the greater pavt of v flight around Australia, has arrived at Perth. The V.R.C. Committee has decided td remove the disqualifications of horses, \- owners, trainers, and jockeys for having -taken part at unregistered race meetings. .The removal will take effect on May 31. The Sydney police say that two men Were caught red-handed in a street rob* ■ bery on Friday night. Australia's trade for the ten months ended March 31 shows a debit bdlance x n of £12,300,063, the value of the imports, * which greatly exceeded the exports, hav ing been £94.533,140. At the Melbourne City Court on Satur day a motor car salesman, Frederick Triggs, was committed for trial on a charge of having assaulted a young woman with intent to commit a criminal offence. Stand By won the St. Legof at tlie" iMorphettvillc course, Adelaide, on Satur . flay, by five lengths. Steel Bronze came eecond. and King of Mirth third. Leachim beat Wynette by a bead in (the Elder Stakes, Statton gaining third position. Boy immigration, according to the \- [Premier of South Australia (Mr. Gunn). baa not proved a success in that State. Sensational developments in the New* Zealand trotting scandals are expected. ?rod charges of ringing-in arc to be heard n the Supreme Court. at Christchurch Shortly. Pteropod won the Auburn Handicap al ■the Roseliill races on Saturday, with . Pagan Chief second, and Absurduin third. King Carlos defeated Polycletan by a length in the Roseliill Handicap, Carm* ray gaining third position. • The Anglican Synod, Hobart, hart passed a motion strongly disapproving of tho raising of money for hospitals and charitable purposes by means of a Tat* ' tcrsall's sweep. The Government Statistician estimates ■that the population of New Zealand, at March 31 was 1,347,754 (males 687,903, females 639,701). The Maori population Was estimated nt 53,820. >. * TUESDAY, May 13. The body of Mis* Mamie Kenneally, frho,-)iHd been missing from Murwillumbah •mcc Slay 2, was found on Sunday morn ing.'fn a swamp. A small empty phial was •pear by. . When a 10ft. dingey containing five Children was blown out into Port Ly.tel ,.on harbour by a heavy. squall a boy jumped overboard and endeavoured to ewiuT ashore with a line. He was forced to return and was practically unconscious jrhen taken aboard. .It U understood that & measure to Create a Board of Directors of the . Commonwealth Bank has been approved by the Cabinet. • v After a search of nearly two years, tho f•: Katootikba- police . - arrested durigg the week-end un escapee from tho local .lock • jup.'* • . ..-' 1 6.' P. Code, T. Fisher, and Dr. Allison have ibeen'' Selected to *play for New Zea* \ land in the* Davis CupV' >: * '■', .Steps have been taken by th_? Federal ' CovcfimVcht to cheek ihW^ribat fighting f , >Pj New Giiihca,. whicte 08 batives Were 4 ., xcpprlcd, sqluc tjnie ago' .to .have' been , ; massacred, in their sleep. . ". \ ..... •■ The newly-elected' . chairmAn .' of; the Grand United Order of Qddfeilqwe an* J .nounccd a-t a Sydney conference yesterday *-•■ that it would be the;aim of the order to ,- • fassist the Government in rcgaivl to. the t pairing of n National Insurance Bill. - 'Wing Ccimmn-irder Goble, in the seaplane 1 *.n: which* he is'attempting the'flight'round *••• Australia, left Perth'yesterday morning -.'to route to "McTbourne," via" A-lba'*ny ' and '-.cross thc'Great Ausfriilian'Bigt.ytO Ade laide. *_ |' •--,_. -• ■.* - • .••_&c;^b.4lMp.^e .jeftoo. ai -Pyrmoh., made.i .^rpj^r attack on Free- . masonry, which lie described as a secret \ society..antagonistic to Catholic schools ond Catholic ehnrclics. Mr. Oscar Asche, when driving near Melbourne on Saturday night, discovered a 'man badly injured, who had been run .down and abandoned by a motorist. Ho conveyed him to hospital, but the' man died three hours later. The series of conference* Instigated by the Premier of Victoria, Sir Alexander xPeacock, with the object of arriving at a settlement of the Melbourne Tramway Workers' dispute, has ended in failure, and a mass meeting of employees will be held to-day to consider the position. In order to place the cotton industry on a sound economic basis the confer ence of representatives ot the Commi.i wealth and the States iv Sydney yester day decided to form a Ministerial Cot ton Council, so that the various States can co-ordinate their activities. 'An Ad visory Committee will be appointed to frame a scheme for plant •breeding, cul tivation experiments, aud the investiga tion of insect pests and diseases. Operatiou9 in connection with the re bpening of the Bellbird Colliery were resumed yesterday, when a further dis tance of 200 yards was explored. # An enormous crowd sought admission • to H.M.S. Hood at Auckland yesterday. The *hip was soon filled, and tbe re* maining crowd broke down the gates and got to the gangway, but no further. - Several women fainted. The gates after- . wards were guarded by a strong posse of police. , At a meeting of the Victorian Cabinet to-day. a board was appointed to deal with claims for compensation by settlers in the Mildura area, as a result of the de* ' struct ion of fruit crops, owing to au out break of the Mediterranean fruit fly. Claims a'-unting to nearly. £12,000 have been received by tho Minister for Agri culture. __.__••? The Minister for Defence (Mr. Bowden; is giving consideration to a request from tbe National Rifle Association to provide the association with 0000 rifles for trainees «who would, emerge from theu* term of \- training at the end of the month.- - The new South Australian Government will withdraw the appeal against the Federal Arbitration Court's jurisdiction over State servants. The Government desires that its servants shall have full civil rights. Henry Russell, lafe art decorator for the Melba Opera Company, in an inter* view at Perth, said that iv his thirty-five . years' experience he had never heard natural voices equal to those he had heard in Australia. Inquiries made from traffic-controlling \- bodies in each of the States show that New South Wales is the only State in whicli applicant* for motor' drivers' license* are required to pass *a scientific eyesight test. The cruiser Sydney, now in reserve, lias lieen overhauled nt a cost of between £70,000 and £,100,000. and will probably be recommissioned after the Melbourne goes into reserve. Claims amounting to nearly £12,000 have been received by the Victorian Minister for Agriculture from Mildura fruitgrowers whose crops were destroyed owing to the outbreak of the Mcditerran* can fruit fly. A board ha* been appoint ed to deal with the cluim*. Through a dog rushing at him, Bert Wentworth, a motor cyclist, of Rockdale, Victoria, was tin-own to the ground and, pinned underneath his machine. Among* other injuries he sustained a fracture at the base of the skull. The Union Steamship Company's . steamer Ngahere, when leaving Greymouth (N.J..) yesterday atruck the North Tip, and is hard and fast. Tho crew were saved. The new defence policy of tho Federal Government was vigorously denounced fi*om the Industrial Christian Fellowship platform in the Sydney Domain on Sun day. Early on Sunday morning the tailor* shop of Sid Taylor, in George-street, (Syd ney, was broken into and £130 worth of clothing and materials stolen. * WEDNESDAY, May 14. * May M'Grath, aged 32 years, was com mitted for trial in Melbourne j-esterday on a charge of the wilful'murder of her infant child, the coroner alleging that , death was due to starvation and neglect. Bernard Sheridan (31, labourer) was found guilty nt s Adelaide yesterday ou a '_ charge of blackmail, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour. The Premier of. Western Australia .(Mr. P. Collier) nunounccd at Geraidton -yeeter \- day that the State deficit this .year, would ,be about £300,000. - • ;.',, - Mrs. Byrnes, .aged; 10G. yeans*, died: at " . Mungindi on Sunday.: •■-?.,,•;,, Father O'Neill, of tlie : Catholic. Pros- • • bytery nt -Riversdale, Southland,: New Zealand, jierislied iv a fire which destroyed . \- - the.'buildiug yesterday morning. , ; In connection with ' the. Legislative '.' Council elections: in-Western ou Saturday last, fm*thet-returns, show the re ; election pf Mr. Cornell tNatioijaj Labour) by the narrow majority pf 19, ,-A-.rpcp.iint, , has been granted. . ,_■. \- .Arrangements Ye being ,made in. MeT*. _],  oqurne for a demonstration 'in .honour "' . : of Wiug Commander Goblel and "Flying, Officer Maclntyre,. who' are to. arrive- during the week- eiid 'after their • ... flight,-. round k , Australia; .- The .Prime.. • C.-N'iualer.wflT pQrBop'alljr -jjreet tW.airjncn..^ -. „. Lecturing Jn $ydnqy On -unemjjo.vment ?, in Australia, the. Bey. .A. Yeafyf siv.ij .the' f. VftJ^K .:J>cl_??d , j^jniigyaiion '_*Ti6uU|_vbc to , solve, the unemployed, problem by making more 'self supporting, and not to use 'immigration as a means for ."bludgeoning down wages." * • Speaking at the Queen's Hall. Mel* bourne, Mr. Maxwell, M.H.R., said that ho did not believe Communism would do any good in Australia, where -3,500,000 people had banking accounts totalling £105,000,000. \- Mr. Prendeigaet- (Leader of the Opposi tion iv the Legislative Assembly) stated at a reception in Melbourne yesterday that everything pointed to Labour ascend* ing to power nt the next elections. A girl aged 14 years, from Helen Springs station, is accompanying the drovers with a 'mob of cattle, which is on the road from Barkly Tablelands to Adelaide. Tho action of the State Governor of Victoria (Earl Stradbrokc) in holding a reception and tennis party on Sunday, May 11, forms the subject of a protest which is to come before the Presbyterian Assembly to-day. Sydney was enveloped in a dense fog yesterday morning, whicli caused consider able delay to transport. 