PEOPLE ARE <AWNG a DOING—' . ■■lltfT) ■ I kirnm I Anno Domlni's Joke. ANNO Domini 1924 lias not bad time to take more than a casual survey of his subjects. In that brief space, however, ; - he has seen a great many casualties, i These are the wrecks of the countless ; New Year resolutions which were made [ by frail humanity for their conduct during the next twelve months. Last i Friday was the first pay-day of the I new year, and it brought catastrophe j to most of the thrift determinations. ) The punter who made a vow on New i -Year's Eve that he would put his ' money in the bank instead of on the v back of a "dead cert"; the woman bar i gain- hunter, who determined to shun : the allurements of Temptation Row and buy only necessaries; youth and ' beauty, who resolved to curtail their expensive tastes in cocktails, cigar i ettes, chocolates, and cinemas—most of them forgot their resolutions when "the ghost walked." Once their ex i chequer was refilled on the receipt of their pay envelope, they found that their resolutions were not substantial enough to withstand the prosperous feeling which the wage-earner experi ences once a week. 'Twas ever thus. In any case there is always another New Year's Eve around the corner, when the resolutions can be renewed. If they were not broken this year, there would be no fun re-making them when 1925 appeared in the ofilng. Old Anno Domini wins every time. Wireless Wizardry. As if life were not sufficiently full of terrors, there is a threat that the speech to be delivered by Mr. Bruce at the A.N.A. dinner in London on January 15 will be broadcasted by [[wireless to Melbourne. It is not the inews about that particular speech that f.is unsettling. The disturbing thought Jis what the future will have in store ■for us if the experiment proves suc cessful. Fancy what it means! The fact that we may be distant 12,000 miles from the scene of the oratorical ^outbursts will be no guarantee that we (shall escape from the dreariness of "their dissertations on the whichness jf the whyness, or some equally thrill ,ng topic. Worse than that, a sugges tion has been made by a member of she British House of Commons that ^'Hansard" should be broadcasted. It ijs to be hoped that suoh a fate may iever overtake Australia. Regarding Mr. Bruce's address, it is stated that Bhere are unusual conditions, "due to (he absence of electrical disturbances Ind freedom from electical storms." The Prime Minister's well-known re pose of manner probably accounts for (he placidity of the atmosphere. Those ,'Vho saw how successfully he preserv ed a oalm exterior in the midst of the 1'iectic proceedings in the House that preceded his departure for London will ijinderstand the "absence of electrical jtonditions in the air." No doubt that Ivas why it was regarded as impossible ;[o broadcast Mr. Hughes' utterances Chen he was being- lionised in Lon don. The atmosphere is always elec Jrical in his vicinity. jj Impressions Abroad. i| Mr. Justice Cussen, returning from foreign travel, pays a deep tribute to jibe Fascist! Government in Italy estab i shed by the ex-editor of the Popolo j'Ttalia, Benito Mussolini. As far as ir Leo could judge, the movement >as very strongly supported, had Irought about more stable conditions, jnd had raised the standard of living irougliout Italy. What the Austra ian judge saw in that country is an idex of what, in different ways, is tak ig place elsewhere. Democracy Is 'pt to run a little mad, and to degene rate into license. Then comes the | [taction, which may easily mean a dVift into feudalism or absolute con ji Degree Conferred Upon Australia's Prime Minister. The honorary degree of Doctor of Law was conferred upon Mr. S. M. Bruce and Sonor Don Augustln Edwards (the Chilean Minister in London) at Cam bridge University. In our picture Mr.. Bruce is on the left and Senor Edwards on the right. The central figure is the Vlco-Chancelior of Cam _ bridge University (Dr. E. C. Pearce). trol. Italy has found its saviour in a man whose ideals are equal to his re solution. Spain has brought about a reign of peace and content by military control. America is trying the crude method of control by a secret organi sation. These are three different types of the methods of checking an archy which need a great deal of think ing over, and, after all, one comes to the conclusion that the saner methods of self-government under British insti tutions are the best. Slimness and the Fashions. What a fortune there is lying ready to the hand of the man or -woman who will create a lasting method of reducing the too Juno-lilte contours of some fayre ladies. The long slcirt. that now clothes the fashionable calls for slim and graceful lines. Not even the most charitable amongst us can imagine Madam La- Fifteen-Stone tod dling with any degree of grace in a very long gown with, perhaps, a sug gestion of the fatal cling about it. Women have bravely tried rent absurdity that has been p^ustral them and, although they nontint attained temporary slinW-orkinj are too many lovers of the'-ears-H included in the sex for thati 1 to remain unless they help j- Mei Some are sybarites of the' Halo Tnere are a few, certain!* ound1 well-known and popular actreifflcul consistently kept the line rave i and ascribed it, in large mejiave d diligent exercise, but alas, Welbot women are there who would prprii of their luxurious cars and full" a walk of' six miles every dajortS < world has to change greatlyount such things will come to pasjiootei her h Cheese Farming for the Clio be A couple of enterprising Englishwomen are about to i*1 % cheese-making farm. At first be on a small scale, but ambir^J u pluck are the two essentials together with good cheese, make the commercial success c:ause plucky girls. They are not p::'eflec however, for a couple of titled jc-jeg so it is said, are similarly e:;lou^| There are all kinds of things lijeuia girls can interest themselves-yas j profitably—just now. Here ani.jtize are women who are doing weilier_ni ing and selling vegetables for\8 al or householders. Vegetable p always "winners," and girl grosii;ioue fill a pocket that way. Flovuhat course, have many devotees, Astooc of girls even went in for a pig and, although it paid and was M to go on paying, they sold the k iV*® because matrimony intervened ,r}z. every here and there are twoo;j;° girls "settled down" on the are out in some way or other t("® a good living and enjoy tl» £ In their own way. They geij® manage to do both, too! hei Sir John Scaddan. Ws Naturalists tell of a water ctoijfj® born at the bottom of a pond.iv® slowly rises to the surface and!.,, bursting its bonds and unfoldi:;, ' wings, flies away into the nmbl«_ mosphere above. That appears i*., the 'happy process which so '3t{ lights of Labor undergo. John dan, who has just been crealtj^ knight, worked as a boy at the taa in the Bendigo district, but he sti^ hard at every available moment ^ finally made his way to West Austgt "when the going was good." It easy in those days for any lively )'ftr man to get into Parliament, anda!a, rose in the forensic arena he putiSp, of the theories which pass muster^ principles into practice, with <Hi0 trous results to the finances of.a State. But with experience cametg tion and knowledge; and now midget of the mines has becoint. coruscating Companion of St. illlw and St. George. ' !< The Tale of the Taxgatheror. ji When so much is heard nboittt: prevalence of unemployment in Oih Britain It comes as a surprise to la that the plutocrats there five Incw ing at a considerable rate. The'' land Revenue Commissioners in latest returns reveal the inter081 fact that 171 persons paid ,nc0.l'!LV on over £100,000 during IJ-"1* amounting in the aggvogm0 £33,496,379. That huge sum givej' average of £196,896 for t.hat >f which would be enough to enable' ; to shoo the wolf from the clooii ; have a bit left over for the same period there were S)(8o4 p_ sons, who received incomes an £10,000 a year, an Jricronso £1,427 over the previous yonr. ' who paid super-tax in Groat Di . which is levied on incomes exce h* 2,000 a year, numbered 90,000. Aus '' -alia has been described as the work igmah's paradise, and the statistics L-'hich the income-tax authorities fur r'Jsh show that to be the case. There , ( not the same wide gulf separating fie worker from the capitalist. Mr. I c'ruce gmphasised this significant fact 'i his addresses in London to migrants ho were setting out for their new me in Australia. Plutocracy and bverty fortunately are known only to limited extent in our island conti nent. It is the earnest wish of all Jj; ustralians that their country will continue to. deserve its title of the leii orkingman's paradise for very many ie -ears. y at i ' pi. Melbourne Admires Sol's Halo. lie Halos are not given away with a 'lyound of tea these days. They are trdlficult to obtain, as politicians who cave made bold bids to secure them leaave discovered to their cost ere now. Melbourne citizens last week were ld urprised to find the sun encircled with IE: full-sized ready-to-wear halo. All datorts of suggestions were made to ac count for the phenomenon. One idea las looted was that the clerk of the wea ker had crowned Sol as a reward for i Gho benevolent attitude he had adopted awards holiday-makers during the 0° Ihristmas and New Year festivities. ...Jr. Hunt, by his cold scientific ex planation, squashed the jeremiads who j. aid the spectacle was a sign that 33 omething eerie and awful was about ? o happen. The phenomenon was ' aused, he said, by the refraction and Reflection of light from the ice-par icles forming the thin veil of cirrus Clouds covering the sky at that par ticular juncture. While the display Rvas on view, it caused thousands of "citizens to risk severe spasms of rub eRer-neckitis as they gazed skyward. ■As already stated, it is so seldom that '"he public see a halo outside the reli gious canvases in the picture gallery "hat their curiosity is easily under stood. Mr. Bruce in Canada, j, Many will watch with interest Mr. j 3ruce's share in helping on the ques tion of reciprocal trade with Canada. u'3ut Mr. Bruce is not likely to find ,,'he going so easy as the layman might ffi.)xpect. It is a question which has ei>een in the threshing-out process for tome time, and we are not much fur her on. Sooner or later Canada and Australia will enjoy a much greater ..legree of. friendliness, both in com mercial and inter-Empire relationships /;han is now the case. Meanwhile, Australians go to Canada and often 3nd that this country is not better f,cnown there than it is in America. .A Canadian with a pronounced United States, or French, accent may explain ;:hat he has heard of us! The prox imity of the Dominion to America has ^naturally induced great trading be tween the two countries. Australia Imports largely from the United States, and .there can be no strong reason why a proportion of that trade should not be diverted to Can ada, .Canada grows fine timber, es pecially in British Columbia; Canada makes many of the best brands of overseas, cars; Canada has huge in dustrial concerns that, until we have similar ones here, could do business .wijh' The 'Popularity of the Cooks. Whatever may be said in criticism of Australia House's official adminis tration, nothing but praise is ever heard in regard to the Cook regime. London has further developed Sir Joseph's natural urbanity, and he is popular imjall quarters. Lady . Cook is a great favorite, and deservedly so, for she is, indefatigable in her en deavours,to make London a home for visiting - Australians, Every Thurs day her .house is thrown open to her countrymen and women, and the num 'Little Willie" at Home. The German ex-Crown Prince and his wife, tin- ex-Crown Princess, in the Castle grounds at Oels, Silesia. ber who avail themselves of this privilege is rarely less than sixty. Nearly every day Lady Cook attends some function connected with Austra lia, and if she hears of a specially home-sick Australian, she sets about mothering her. Perhaps, 'however, the most popular of all the Cook family is Miss Winnie Cook, described by a visiting Sydneyite as the most charming girl in London. She is said to be a perfect hostess—so natural and pleasant and such an aid to her parents that one wonders what they will do when she leaves the parental roof. Her departure is not far off, because her fiance, young Curl, of Manly, N.S.W., who passed his final medical examinations at Sydney University the other day, is going to England this year to claim his bride. N.S.W. Prize-Winner. Miss lVIillicent Armstrong, of Goul burn, N.S.W., was the winner of the Rupert Brooke Literary Prize for 1923\. The prize is awarded each year for the best one-act play written in Australia or New Zealand, There were over a hundred entries, many of the plays being of a very high stand ard of dramatic merit, but Miss Arm strong's "Drought" was adjudged to have dramatic excellence, plus local color, which is rarely well laid on by the amateur. The prize-winner is a well-known N.S.W. writer, who laid down her pen during war time and devoted herself entirely to home service for the dependents of soldiers. Her special gift is in depicting Aus tralian life and conditions, and her play, "Fire," dealing with the havoc oi' bush fires in the interior, tied with Mrs. Coulson Davidson's play for third place in the Sydney "Daily 'Tele graph" prize-play competition last year. A Notable New Zealander. Mrs. H. H. Montgomery, the daugh ter of Sir James Allen, High Commis sioner for New Zealand in London, is in Australia for a few weeks before going to New Zealand. She has been abroad for some time, and for the past year or two has played an important part in the art world of London. With her equally gifted sister, Miss Allen, Mrs. Montgomery was doing stage decoration work in the place of the late Loval Frazer, and recognised master of the craft, and in addition she has been occupied with literary creations. Her latest published work, "John Hugh Williams of the Gallant Company," made a stir in the writing world, and her publishers affirm that another book now in the press will more than maintain the high reputa tion she achieved with the former. At the last Royal Academy a portrait of Mrs. Montgomery, painted by Miss Zinkelsen, was greatly admired, for it was a characteristic study of an attrac tive intellectual. Mrs. Montgomery is accompanied by her daughter Iris, who has made a speciality of ballet dancing, and who intends to form a school of art dancing in New Zealand. A Triumphant Immigrant. Forty-live years ago, Ernest H. Farrar, then an infant six months old. came to Australia with his parents ih an immigrant ship, and last week lie was given a send-off to London by the multi-millionaires of Sydney at the National Club, wit'h Lieut-Col. Mur dock, M.L.C., as host. Mr. Farrar, who is the brainiest and brightest member of the Fuller Cabinet, is in charge of Labor and Industry, with immigration attached, and he is Chief Commissioner for N.S.W. at the 1924 Empire Exhibition. Hence the ban quet, the farewelling and the laudatory speeches by Sydney's leading business men. The host said that if he went through the managing directors and general managers of the biggest busi nesses in Sydney he couldn't find a better organiser than Mr. Farrar—and Sir Hugh Denlson, tobacco king and newspaper magnate, said be had never worked with a man who had shown such a grip of organising as Mr. Farrar. Other panegyrics in the same strain were delivered by Sir David Storey and Mr. W. A. Holman, who reiterated the opinion that the Com missioner would hold his end up at the great Exhibition. It was a great occasion, and Mr, Farrar said he was ; delighted to be revisiting the home land in such auspicious circumstances, i Plucky Fortune Seekers. j gravelling by the immigrant ship I Berrima to Australia last trip were i two remarkable war figures—Captain ] E. B. de Merrall, R.A.F., and his [ Danish wife, Capt. tie Merrall, R.R.C., , the most notable nurse in the Canadian 1 forces during the war and a personage in her native land. Before tne war Mrs. de Merrall was in charge of a large hospital at Victoria, B.C., and it was there that she met the Duke of Connaught, who was then Governor General of Canada. Princess Pat. was one of her patients, and Nurse Wen dall became a persona grata at Gov ernment House. Captain de Merrall was in Canada on business when war broke out, so he joined up with the Canadian forces and became a pro minent officer, and it was while in hospital that he met his plucky bride, and they have now come to Australia to build up their fortunes, which were cruelly shattered by the failure of the banks in Denmark. Mrs. de Merrall, who is a great masseuse, will practise her profession in Sydney, and her husband will do whatever his hands flndeth to do. 