GENERAL CABLEGRAMS The Secretary of State for the Colonics .(Mr. I.. C. M. S. Amery), .speaking at Birmingham, said that tite Government intended to hold olllee us long as possible. Its policy of improving Imperial relations and de velopment was the only one that could render Britain safe. It would require 10 years lo carry out the programme. The Danish Bower House, liy 77 votes to 24, has passed tho lirsi read ing of the Disarmament Bill, which provides for tlie abolition of tite nrmy and navy, except frontier guards and eoastal defence ships, the dis mantling nf till fort ifiont ions, .and tite transformation of military and naval factories into State civil enterprises. The majority comprised Social Demo crats and ltadicais, ami the minority .all the Conserrntices. The Liberal and l.eft parties did not vote. M endnotes Trnpp and Sargnod. of Melbourne, are presenting an immense silk Australian tlag to Canterbury Cathedral, In honour of Australian sol diers. This will complete the cathe dral's International collection. A special dedication service will be held oil December 18. General Gandoll'o, Governor of f'agll- ari, has been appointed to the com mand of the National Militia in Italy, in succession to General llnlbo, who re signed. (lenernl Gundolfu distinguished himself tinting the war. The Mexican Senate has entitled un animously lite Moxico-.lnpaiieso Trea ty. under which each Government agrees not to liuld 'the' other respon sible t'oc damage suffered owing to revolutions. -The pact, spocilles that Immigration mtt.v lie limited, according to the laws and interests of tlie re spective countries. Mexico is at liberty to study and decide to what extent Japanese iininlgratlyn is desirable. Kmamiel Belliv.v (aged 22), a few weeks after marrying a pretty girl of 20 at Vienna. (Austria), locked her up in a Mitt, blocked the entrance with furniture, anil then set lire to the woman's clothing, which laid been saturated Willi petrol. The tire bri gade broke in anil rescued the girl, whose Hfo the husband had insured heavily a few days previously. The British and North Ireland Gov ernments have intimated that they have no desire to be represented by counsel before the Boundary Commis sion. The Free State's counsel will address a private meeting of the Commission in l.nhilon. The ltnyal Commission on Food I 'rices in London includes Sir Hat- fortl Maeklader, several war-time food eontrol ollleials and two members of ! lite former Wheat Supplies Hnyal Commission. It Is explained that Anglo-Australian experts, whose In- elttsimi has been discussed, will ho asked lo give evidence, 