"REAL SINECURE." THE AGENCY-GENERAL. ABOLITION FAVOURED. .-» WHAT HAPPENED IN LONDON ? Declaring that tho necessity for tho malntenanco of tho office of Agent General had dlsappoarod cntlroly, Mr. J. A. Fihclly, formerly Queensland Agent-General In London, last night urged that It should be abolished, and the lease of the building in the Strand sold. " The offico," ho said, " Is not wantod; It ¡s a real sinecure." " What the people of Queensland want," Mr. Fiholly addod, " Is a can- did statement of what happoned In London somo weeks ago. Concessions will havo to bo given to the financiers in London, and wo aro entitled to know that measure of concession as soon as possible." The address was delivered before a gathering of the Queensland Irish Associa- tion, over which Mr. P. Scott- presided. The Mayor (Aldoiman M. J. Barry), in welcoming Mr. Fiholly,, said he had en- deared himself not only lo the Irish people, but to every man and woman in the community who wanted help. His conspicuous personality and outstanding ability had already made him the political hero of Queensland. ' Mr. Lewis M'Donald (secretary of the C.P.13.) said the gathering afforded elo- quent testimony to the fact that during his absence Mr. Fihclly had "lost none of his popularity. ' He had not only made his mark in the public of the State, but also in sport. ¡* Mr. C. Dawson said ho wished other representatives of Labour in the Queens- land Parliament-had been as conscientious and as interested in the cause of the work- ers as Mr. Fihclly. "A SINECURE." Mr. Fihelly, on rising to speak, was greeted with prolonged applause, and the gathering rose" and sang "For He's a .Tolly Good Fellow." At the outset Mr. Fihelly said members of the Labour 'Party had always been very good to him both while he was a private member and a Cabinet Minister. At times, however, the fight was very strenuous, and very often the pnrty was divided on such matters as; a monopoly of the workers' compensation insurance, the abolition of capital punish- ment, and the Money Lenders Bill. He had become tired, and perhaps weary, of some things, which ho did not now want to go into, and he thought that a change might be advisable. However, he came back from London with no regrets at all. Prior to leaving he had told the Premier his opinion regarding the office of Agent General. " I told him," he said, " that the office was not wanted. It is a real sinecure, and I suggested that it should be abolished, and the lease of the buildings in the Strand sold. This would bring in about £20,000. We could then go down to Australia House, where they havo a lot of vacant rooms and land agents selling land at Canberra, the Fctlcral capital. The interest on the £20,000 would amply pay the rent wo are paying now, and to that ex- tent it would be straight-out profit. APPOINTMENT OF BUSINESS MAN. ' Mr. Fihclly went on to refer to the suggestion made by what he described as "the young and middle-aged members of the Taxpayers' Association" for the ap- pointment of a business man as Agent- General. "My experience of business men," ho 'said, "leads me to believe that it would be a tragedy to have a business man filling the position of Agent- General. It does not necessarily follow that because a man can buy goods cheaply, and sell them dearly, and make a lot of money out of rags, that ho will bo successful in everything. I recollect saying some time ago that it was an ex- cellent thing to have a Ministry with a business man in it, more particularly if it were a Labour Ministry. These Minis- tries aro supposed to bo unbusinesslike, and the inclusion of a business man in the Cabinet inspires confidence. But once you have that business -man there do not allow bim to touch any business matters. That conclusion I have come to after a deal in wheat in which a business man in the Cabinet lost many thousands of pounds. He was a good man in his own business, but that was the only business about which ho knew anything." OUT-OF-DATE AGENTS. The agents in London handling Aus- tralian butter were out of date, continued Mr. Fiholly, and did not prevent Austra- lian butter from being sent into Tooley strcet and sold there as best Danish and best Irish butter. He would quote one instance to show how complete the bung- ling was. At one time the London price for butter dropped from ISO/ a cvvt. to 112/. Speculators bought on the ruling market price of 112/, and held stocks for several weeks, until the price again firmed. No one in Australia attempted to ascertain tlie reason for that drop, yet it was close at hand. There were 40,000 tons of Australian and New Zealand butter held in cold stores by the British Government. The co- operatives and fac- tories here could have bought that butter, but they preferred lo leave the English Government buy it at from £50 to £80 per ton. As a result, big departmental stores retailed it over the counter* at about 1/ a lb. Eight approved dealers in Toolcy-strect were able to carve out a fortune as a result of this deal. , "UNADULTERATED NONSENSE." "I say emphatically," added Mr. Fihelly, "that all this talk about tho ap- pointment of a business man solving all the problems is pure, unadulterated non- sense. The business man has got a good deal to recommend ¡lim for .any, position, but ho is generally better off in his own particular business." Mr. Fihelly went on to say that the office of Asont-Gonerdl was oiiginally created to deal with im- migration, and small loans, and to carry on negotiations with the Colonial Office. "We do not deal with immigration now," . lie sviitl. "wo carry on such abstruse negotiations with the Colonial Office that I was there once only, and that was when I made a duty call on the incoming Colonial Secretary. With regard to loanj we have practically nothing to do with them, because, we aro advised by our broker. If the money is available lie wi'l tell us the terms just as Mr." Theodore was told. It will be seen' from thes'i particulars t'hat the necessity for tii3 maintenance of the office has disappear ed entirely. The Australian sellers shou'd have their own agents in London. That is all that is wanted." Referring to the Commonwealth Baal; in Australia, Mr. Fiholly mid it should be directed Ixr adopt a now policy ant methods. The States should bo content to have loan moneys given out to thom. ne would be a very optimistic man who Would say that £5.000,000 could be bor mwed during the next five years. The amalgamation of the different Govern- ment authorities with the Commonwealth Bank, and tlie note issue behind it, was the only vvay by. which the present financial difficulties could be overcome. CANDID STATEMENT WANTED. "What the people of Queensland want," ho sahl, "is a candid stateniejt of what has happened «orno weeks ago. They know it in London; the Cabinet knows it here; we want a candid state- ment. There is no need to havo obscure clouds covering the whole thing. We ni! know that w-e will havo to be dictated to for the time being. 'Concessions wi'.l have to be given to the financiers in London, and ive arc entitled to know that measure of concession as soon as possible. I informed the Government hore immediately after the last election in this regarni. The people will have to prepare lo reoognisp that a concession will have to be given. We must convcr! that £25,000,000, which picvious business Governments allowed to fall due vvithiu one year. We have gat to get lint, otherwise we would bo defaulter*, an! the country could not permit its Govern- ment lui tJei'iiTt' .Wo have to reconcile 1 1 ourselves to the inevitable. The sooner we get some candid, complete, and com- prehensive statement the better for the people of Australia." Referrin'; to conditions in Ireland, Mr. Fiholly said he regarded the prospects there as particularly bright. The Gov- ernment was doing well. "I have no hesitation in saying," he concluded, "that eventually Ireland will lie united, and before long the will cut us big a figure in the British Commonwealth of Nations as Australia, Canada, or any other State." (Hear, hear.}' 