LOCAL AND GENERAL Ladies and Gentlemen, select your evening shoes at Glass's.* Bega district has only one steamer per week ruuning there now. The St.'itc Parliament has been fur ther prorogued till June 17th. j Tlio death is unnuouueed of Dr. Sun j Yat Sen, ex-pr«sident of China. ! Special callle .sale, Tueadty. next, l)y Messrs. Walsh aud Monaghan. Now Eiiowicg, select range of Stet son Hats at H. Glass eind Go's., sole agents.* The combined schools of! Kangaroo Ara!ioy (ire liciding a basket picnic on Empire Day. Mr. Clarke, tjcrriiigong, %von the £100 fitted linen chest prize in the Hcspital Art Union. Lecture on phrenology, on Monday evening next, in the Nowra School of Arts. Admission free. The State Government has devoted' £20,000 to provide work for unem ployca about the city. New Zcuhiud' asked for a loan of £5,000,000 on the English market, and ha I £19,000,000 offered, Eoep tiie cold away by wearing H. Glass and Co's. Overcoats, Coat STrcaiCTB, Mudero, Caps,* Voluntary sequcEtvation. — Roy Wolff Michael, of Nowra, di-aper. Mv. Lloyd, ollicial assignee. Kangaroo Valley footballers on Saturday last defeated a team from Mcs3 Vale by 1^ -points ' lo 9. Tlia Yahval Road is in very good order, a credit to the Clyde Shire, Council and its nuinteiiiuiee^inaiiv The Railway Commissioners' quarry at Bonilm is now connected up with the electric supply from Port Kenibla. A leading' London 'bonk has de cided to use Australian timber in the election of its new banking premises. Mr. Meares ? reckons that butter prices \vill go still higher, notwith standing a large quantity in stoie for winter. The Sydney Couwcil has decided by a 'big majority io dismiss dine Town Clerk. He is over the age limit, ibut -still efficient. So far five entries have been re ceived for the jnaize-growing compe tition authorised by the Shoalhaven A, and H. Association.. . All flic man working in the Golden Crown G. II. Ca. are shareholders, Those interests aro'^wiind iip with the nccess of the .company. The secretary of the Sholhaven Ag licul'tural Society. Jiad an inquiry 'rom Con jola on Thursday as to the late of the annual- -ball Judge Hamilton, wbo has for some .,\me presided on the District Court 3auch here, will retire next month, ':aving reached the age limit. Xowra- people gave the Bomaderry .?oag- bird a very flattering reception at her opening vocal, recital on Tues iay uight,, fi^t^e' deservcji it. Congratulations to Miss Ha^el Mc Clelland on tieaiccess pf her concert ??aj- ital, and ou«W}iing good - in ;ber 3wn town and aijwJnB 'her ain folk.'. ' In reply to klrl :0ird (for Cr. Con *;ie), the President', of the-- Clyde 'hire Efated, at Wednesday's meet '.ng, tnat repairs had been effected to he road at Beulah'aMountain. For Bronchial Couplis, take t* ?-;?-? Wood|.'iGrfat r«pf ermint Cure Tbe iMount KeniMa mine lias 'been declared 'Waek' by the miners' delegate board. The Anglican Church Synod at Hobart carried a resolution ?disapprov- ing of gambling .methods in raising money for charities. -. ? The youug people of Yahval and surrounding district finished up lithe official opening1 of the mine toy a dance ,at night, in the old School of Arts hall. Don't forget the Shoalhaven Tennis Club's Ball on Tuesday evening. next. Elliott's orchestra, with an additional drummer i'rom Sydney. First-class supper.* MeEdaines Elliott and Hauc.li are arranging for a juvenile dante shortly to raise funds to continue the Nowra col in the Renwick Children's Hos pital in Sydney. The United States postal depart ment will commence a regular' aerial mail service between New York and San Francisco on July 1st. The journey will occupy 35. hours. A ]-oiice' constable named' 'Dillon, was oh Wednesday sentenced to two years at the Sydney Quarter Sessions by Judge Hamilton on a charge of assaulting a woman at Hurstville in January last.' A system of school plantations and reafforestation on Crown lands reserv ed1 for the pur|ios« has been adopted in Victoria. Something of the sort might well be adopted.in New South Wales. The Dapto Society is asking the S.C. Agricultural Societies' Union, at I its next meeting on 24th instant, to consider the question- of uniform gate charges and pass-out checks at annual jhows. ?.. . ! .i Methodist Churoh Services, May 18th.— Nowr -, 11 and 7.15, Rev. F. H. McGowan; Kangaroo Valley, 11, Mr. C. H Oke; Tomerong, 2.30, Rev. P. H. McGowan. Tuesday, CanVbe warra, 7.30. Mr. T. Heron, manager of the Gol oVn Crown Gold Mining Co., estimates that 4 dwts. to the ton will pay work ing expenses with the plant now in s;! ailed. Anything above 4 dwts. should be profit. Crs. J. au-d W. Watt, at the Clyde Shire Council meeting on Wednes day, asked for reports on the Falls Cre- ek to H-uskisson and Naval Col lege Roads! The Engineer was in structed .to report. The dead body of a wpman was found1 in the scrub near Long Bay Gaol on Tuesday afternoon. She liad evidently been murdered. Her name is given as Anderson, alias Richmond, aged about 30 years. Rain started on Wednesday even ing, and at 9 a.m. on Thursday 55 points were registered at the Nowra jwst- office; at 9 ?a.m. yesterday an a-3- dilionail 175 points were registered; a total of 230 points. A now immigration scheme is fore casted, with the British Government co-operating with Australia. Making cheap land available is a condition precedent to' the adoption of any scheme of immigration. Miss Hazel McClelland had a flat tering reception at her concert recital on Tuesday nigdit. And she richly deserved the compliment paid her by her .many friends. She has undoubt edly made good as a vocalist. A Scottish Home Rule Bill has been talked- out in the House of Commons. But it will come yet- — national or local Parliaments for England, Ireland, and .ScotOaudj with an Imperial Par liament dealing with Imperial affairs. Nowra Council tes been practically ordered to establish a garbage system for the town-, especially the congested portion. If it does not take steps soon in that direction, the. Board of Beallth. will act at the Council's ex pense: ? * . A social was held at Kangaroo Val ley on^ Wednesday week, at which Mr. Thomas Mitten, for many years Inain jtenauce man on the mountain road, was -presented with a wallet of notes by Mr. James Lumsdcn, on behalf ot the subscribers. ' ,. ? The death occurred at Hawthorn, Victoria, on Sunday last,- of Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Hiskens, 'both octogen arians. .'Mrs. Hiskens died in 'her sleep, and her husband was so over come with shock, ifliat he expiied within -ted minutes. It was' fortunate that the official opening of the Golden Crown Gold Mining Company's mine was fixed for Wednesday. The 'day, though dull, was fine, except for a few spits of rain. In the' afternoon, however, raia began to fall, and Thursday was'Very wet. The British Minister for the Col onies doesn't go nap on Premiers' conferences, owing to- the risk of their conclusions being repudiated. His idea is that 'leaders of opposition par ties should ..also attend the confer ences so that united decisions could be reached. . First aid againist conghi; and colls . ' Woods* Great Peppermint Care* __ iMr. W. M. Hughes, addressing the English-speaking Union in New York, urged the United States to co-operate, with the British Empire to attain , world peace. It is understood that a measure to create a board ..of directors of *he ' Commonwealth Bank has been ap-» i proved by Cabinet, and that the Bill . will be introduced soon. -j 'i .'?'l:-/J ':?!?' P 1 , Mr. H. H. Corbin, B.Sc. {lecturer I in forestry at the South Australian ' University) eslbnales that — comput- ! ing direct and indirect results — the ' annual loss to Australia through bad j forestry has 'been £243,000,000 sterl- j ing. ? ? j Mr. L. Hamilton, of Burringbar Public School, 'has invented games, played with a mechanical device,, for | teaching children arithmetic. He j claims that a knowledge of arithmetic is almost unconsciously obtained un der this method, aud the children en joy the games.' 1 Mr. Fi. G. Triglone last week sever ed) his connection with the committee of the Kangaroo Valley Agricultural .-Society, owing:jto..liis intended depar- | ture from that 'centre. Messrs'. John Selsoh, J. F. Culleii, E. J. Condon, and J. H. Napier were elected to fill vacancies on the committee The Cw-ma-Bega inspectorial dis trict has adopted a scheme for a per petually growing scholarship endow ment fund, the imterest from which will provide scholarships every year for deserving primary pupils, to as sist them . to 'enter on a course of some kind of /higher education. From August 1st butter for export from the Commonwealth must be pas teurised, and now butter will be al lowed to bear the national brand ((a kangaroo) ' unless it grades 92 points. It is hoped by stricter super vision as to quality ,to reduce the gap in price .between Australian butter and New Zeafa'Wd: aiid Danish. ? The Clyde Shire Council, on Wed nesday, gave scant considejation'to a letter from Mr. H. F. Halloran, com plaining of the niching by the coun cillwrs of A and C Ridings of portion of -the rate moneys paid by B Riding, aird which that gentleman .thought should be expended in and for the benefit of the area in which it was subscribed. The Clyde Shire Engineer recom mended, at the Council meeting on Wednesday, a' deviation at Wandan^ dian that would greatly improve the road there. The estimated cost of resumptions and making the deviation was £4500. Council adopted the sug gestion, and decided to make applica tion to the Government for the neces sary funds. The largest and most varied stock of English and Continental Perfumes, Colognes, Talcs, Face Powders, Soaps, etc., by the best makers, can be ob tained at Hewlett's Pharmacy. We do not exhibit our. stocks in show iiindows, as exposui'e to heat ruins their natural or synthetic odours. Our stocks are kept inside our Phar macy in air-tight glass display coun tere- ?Mr. J. O. Anderson, the Austral asian tennis champion and1 Davis Cup representative, is visiting Nowra on the 31st instant 'as the guest of Mr. E. J. AshjapJJif^d-,liafi kindly con sented to accede to the request of the S'hoalhaven Tennis Club to give a public exhibition. There sho-lud toe a 1)ig roll-up .to see the wizard of tihe racquet putting in 'his marvellous strokes. ' . t. At Monga, up Braidwood' way, ihe gum leaf- is now (being used in the manufacture of medicinal, cigarettes, presumably for asthmatic and chest complaints. A local resident with a eucalyptus plant hais received an or der, for a ton of these leaves from a manufactory in iSydriey. The leaves' are to be despatched in a dry state, free from twigs, . and chopped fine. This is done to save freight charges. Wollongong Agricultural Society objects to tiie' Union fixing rates, and' has* intimated 'io^-the Union secretary for consideration, at next meeting/on' tie' 24th instant, ;tt Moss Vaile,- *hat.; owing to the original draft of .the proposed constitution by am amend ment passed- at Kiama on 8t3i Jajiu-' ary, it will withdraw froin, the Union unless some other wording allowing Societies to fix their show, dates is arrived at. ? '?' ;.:.- ?'. - The Deputy fqstmaster-Goneial 'ad- t-i-£es the Honi Austin Chapman, M.P., as follows:— With reference ito your communication of the 24th March, enclosing one from! Mr. H. W. Graham, 'Rockfield! Park,' Bella-. 4ongarah, Berry, relative to the pro posed telephone ' line from Berry 4o Bellawongarah, I ^iave to. intimate that details are now being prepared, with a view, to inviting tenders for erection of.ithftliBCi . - ? ; - ; ? \- ?? ? _^ ? , ... ?? . -. s ; At the Clyde Shire Council meet-\ ing,- oir WedmeSday, a letter was read from Mrs. Deprose, Wollamia, com plaining of nuisance created by ad joining fowl-houses, and asking for; copy of report made % the Engineer ; regarding a similar complaint pre viously made. ': The Qerk ^atlid 4hat complainant' had Veen furnished : ^with7- Council's decision -on a former com plain^ Tie Engineer -was instructed to again report on the matter com plained of. ' ' ' Mt. M. F. Morton, MiL.A., lias been informed by the Under-Secretary, Chief Secretary's Department, in- re-' ply to his letter of 1st instant, ad vocating that consideration Ibe given to the question of improving the con- ' d it ion of affairs at the '/Wbmbeyan j Caves, that, su1-jefct to funds being available, it is proposed to make the i development of the Wombeyan Cives as a tourist resort one of the most I important features in the tourist ac- I iivities next financial year, ? Recently a -well-known forest ex pert said that South Australia, New South Wales, and Victoria plant al- j together 3,000,000 trees -annually, while New Zealand alone puts iu 4,000,000; and thus comparatively early a result of the Dominion's ex perience of enterprise in forestry, when Well and scientifically directed, is shown in the fact that, while 'the yearly expenditure authorised 'by Par liament is £100,000, the forest service | has already become a payable, profit earning undertaking directly as well as indirectly. The' following team will represent the South Coast Rugby League at Sydney during country week:— Full- back, J. Miller (Gerringong) ; three quarters, C. Hamilton (Bombo), F. O'Brien (Wollongong)., S. Harris (Wollougong), H. Morrow (Gerrin gong); five-eight, S. Hill (.Wollon gong) ; half, R. Jones (Nowra) ; for- . wards, L. Lowe (Wollongong), N. Morrissey (Berry), H. Watts (Pyree), S. Lauglilin, S. Fairhall (WoHon gong), T. Caddell -(Pyree). Emer gencies, forward, P. Williams (Ber ry); back, C. Watson. Manager, J. V. Wilson. 'There is enough power1 in the churches to overthrow any warmak ing' Government,' said 4he Rev. S. H. Cox in the course of an ^addiess at the. Congregational Church,. Kog ara'h. ' ' Let all the churches combine on a single isslie, and have the young er generation taught in tie schools and through the Press. War was in evitable only so long as ..the classes who rule thought so. Human nature could and should be changed.' At the annual Congregational confer ence, to be held shortly, Mr. Cox will table a resolution urging .that all churches in Austialia be asked to co operate, hold a Christion convention, and 'place Australia 'before the world as a nation opposed t« war.' 