AUSTRALIA UNKNOWN. MR. TATE'S DISCOVERIES, "ALL THE PEOPLE HAVE BROWN SKINS," "I was told at four London schools," said the Director ot Education (Mr. Tate), addressing the Victorian Institute of Advertising Men in MeJboWruje last week, "that ail the people oE Australia: had brown skins." Mr. Tate added that he was at a lose to find how such a belief arose among the children until he came across tbe following sentence in a well-thumbed copy of "Children of Many Lands":—"There are no "pink and white cheeked children in Australia; even the babies soon become tanned by the hot sun, and their skias become brown." Mr. Tate confirmed the evidence of many" other Australians who have returned from overseas on ignorance of the Commonwealth in other countries. OMen the English papers had little Australi .. - remarked Mr. | Tate, and the European papers had ; practically hone. Of wiiat appeared in' the English papers, he -would say from ' his experiences that more than half of it did Australia barm instead of good.- Every threat of drought and every dis- : creditable - episode was quickly bruited ' abroad, but the real Australia was not i presented. It seemed to iiim that ,cer- I tain papers might weU take for their ' mottor the sentiment expressed by Puck 1 in "A. Midsummer Ntigbfe Dream.™ t Dream." "Thoee things do best please me which befall preposterously." • > Mr. Tate mentioned some took criticism of, Australia which had been expressed to him . by a Danish professor, who seemed to have a remarkably close knowledge of Australian conditions. The professor told him that about 3060 skilled agriculturists left Denmark erery year, and he added that they usually, went to Americe. when asked why some did not go to Australia, the professor retorted, "Tou will Bot have them; and, in tact, you seem to have little enthusiasm for admittingyou own kith' and kin from Creat Britain." He characterised Australians physically as very fine, intellectually as "very smart," and morally as having less sense of .community trusteeship in their occupancy of a creat continent than any other people. In this Dane'* opinion, even the "White Australia policy which he heartily endorsed, was tainted with national selfishness. When Mr. Tate • returned from Denmark he re- Danes would be as immigrants to Australia. A wealthy Australian replied, "We do not want to fill up Australia with A lot of Dagoes." Mr. Tate rejoined that that was a very ignorant remark. Australians were of the same stock as the Danes. They understood the business of farmine- thoroughly; they were frugal and Industrlbua, and they had many admiralble quaiStfoa which would be a source of national strength. "In England," continued Mr. Tate \- i we are still regarded as living tte picturesque /life of tbe gold-digging days. I was continually being asked atout droughts, as if Australia suffered from a drought every year. The (rent achievements in conserving water and rPtipuJatinp large areas for stock aad"" domestic services and for trrlgatioa are little known. When I spoke of such grSeat water schemes as Waranga, Burrlnjuck, end Hume reserroSr, or ,> the great power scheme at Tallourn, I met with stares of incredulity. Australia is to blame for this unhappy state of affairs, because she does not .supply her agents abroad with suitable advertising material. The position at Australia House is lamentable. It is most difficult there to obtain literature giving information about the State. Just before I left for Australia one of the leading officials asked me to give him my copy of the Victorian Year Book There are some very fine men on the staff, and I think we are very well served- by the Australians whom we send abroad. The whole of the staff however, should be Australians Speaking of hfe visits to the sohools, Mr Tate,said that he found that not nearly enough attention was paid to the geography and hiettorv of the component parts of the En; pi re He had .. , - . -- v. etore ImperiaJ EaultL ^ f°° fe r eDce . a strong Iw ^ePn I* 8 ** affirming neceesa ^ ^ r y to promote the solidarity ot the Empire. ]™ E P^^to W that tjie Baldwin Government Without flefey tissued (in- ; structions that immediate effect Should be given to this resolution. The result was that the Board of Education had ordered that the year - was to be made noteworthy by the study of the history-and geography of the overseas Dominions. The board had arranged to employ guides' and torturers at'the Empire Exhibition. ,and had isswed a special course of study In Empire subjects. AH this was admirable so lar as it went, but there was a ereat leeway to make up. He had now suggested to the Premier that.,Australia should do its part by sending to the schools of Great Britain for distribution to the scholars a special issue bf the P S I desllng with lite in w J o ^ J X I first made this -suggestion in-3988.. 