m" Queensland Irish Association Welcomes Mr. Fihelly ag In his address to the Queensland gR Irish Association on the occasion of S| his welcome home, as reported in the feT; "Catholic Advocate last week, Mr. v" Fihelly said: — Ireland. Some of them might like to hear of Ireland. He had taken a couple of op portunities of going over there. He thought the prospects there were very bright, and there was every hope of the fixate. It was not to be expected 'that people after 700 years of rale by 9Brraoe not their own, could emerge snd- F denly and display the gifts of states manship and immediately drop thir wrangling. "Irishmen have carved a mark in every country to which they have immigrated. But the new Govern ment taking over the government of Ireland was confronted with 8 heavy task. Here we had a Labour party which hod gained experience and j,. traiiu when il comprised the Oppo- sitionr vVe had a Public Service and a Police Force, and all the machinery or government. The Irish people have not got those, but they arc doing well There will be troubles among them selves. They have their and right wings and centre parties in Parlia ment. j Ulster's flights. ' am frm Free-Stater myself, re- t'ornising the worth, the courage, and "r — (he conscientiousness of those who stuek out for Sinn Feinism. What the Government has got it can build upon and improve upon, and I think it is doing that splendidly. There is one thing we should not lose sight of in reckoning up the rights of Free Staters and Sinn Feiners, and that is that the rights of Ulster must not be overlooked. Ulster has rights, and it does not matter if England has need the people of Ulster to gain her own ends. Ireland will be united, and she will cut as big a figure in the British Commonwealth of Nations, as the term is used, as Canada or Australia or any other nation. The Agency General. Perhaps I might refer to a vacant situation. (Laughter.) It might be rilled to-morrow. (Laughter.) Befor. leaving America for Queensland. I spoke to the present Premier of Queensland as to what should be done in connection with the office of the Agent General. My recommendations were brief. The office is not wanted, it is a mere sinecure. I suggested to bim to abolish it, and to sell the lease of our building in the Strand, which would bring about £20,000, and go down to Australia House, where there was a lot of agents — and vacant rooms — selling land at the Canberra Federal Capital. The interest on the £20,000 would amply pay the rent we are paying now,, and the £20,000 would be straight-out profit. That was my recommendation, which will be consid ered to- morrow probably with the pro posal of the young-middle-aged peo- ; pie, who call themselves the Taxpayers Association, who imagine that because they pay tax, they earn the tax they j pay. and who suggest that a business j man should be made Agent General, j My experience of business men leads j me to believe that it would be a| tragedy to put a business man there, j it does not necessarily follow that be- ; cause a man can buy jam cheaply and! sell it dearly, that he is going to be a good all-round man. I remember when business men wjere Included in the , Labour Cabinet in order to inspire confidence, but it was aaid not to allow them on any aoooun to touch any business matter. That conclusion was come to after a deal in which a business man lost the Cabinet thou sands or pounds over a wheat deal He had unusual ability, but only knew his own business, That is my experi ence of business man. Tho Business las. Another thing which I would like these young-middle-aged people of the Taxpayers' Association to ask them- selves is "Why is the present Premier faced with the difficulties confronting him?" Why? Because the past busi ness-men Governments have so mismanaged things that over £25,000,- 000 of loan money fell due in London in 12th months. That was an outrag eous thing to do. The Governments acted in such an unbusiness like way that they have the people of Queens, land at the present time almost con fronted with disaster. Anoher experi ence of the business ma& in Queens land is given in London in connection with the control of the meat supply. The business men there did not even take the pains to inform their inter ests here in Australia that a catas trophe was going to happen, which meant that our export trade ceased entirely. The business men had the control and the running of that. They thought nothing at all of the future. The business men here were quite as much to blame as the busi ness men in London when they should have awakened to what was happening to them and their interests. They did not offer one concrete suggestion which could have carried out their af fairs with any measure of success. Inefficient Agendas. | The merchants in London all have their local agencies. Our settlers had nothing at all except a couple of | stalls at Smithfield. The butter agen cies were inefficient and out of date. They were fit for 15 or 20 years ago. , They did not prevent Australian but- ! ter from going down to Tooley-street | and being sold as best Danish or best Irish butter. The identity of the Aus tralian butter was lost altogether. Haw linlniaa Mm Dungls. "To show how completely the busi ness men can bungle I will relate an other instance. Just before I arrived in London the price of butter fell from 180/- per cwt. to 112/- per cwt. Hint meant that the speculators bought all available supplies at 112/- and held on to it till the slump was over, and sold it for 180/ per cwt. No one here endeavoured to ascertain the reason of that slump. The reason was that there were 40,000 cases of Aus tralian and New Zealand butter in oold storage held by the British Govern ment. The co-operative bodies and ag. encies here could haw houf ! i that, but did not do so. The British Government sold it at £50 to £80 per ton to the big departmental stores, whi-h retaiied it over the counter at 1/- per lb. Eight approved dealers in Tooley-street I carved up a fortune between tbem. Inner Workings of Smithfield. "Coming back to Smithfield: The tr.!!r w-re er -t £" by tx» Mu- jnicipal Council. I was informed that if I approached the Lord Mayor very 'mely 1 might be able to =->»:»»» 'h:s | (Continued on page 3d.) JMH» PADOOM, GiiAm tallte f Mis world, whs defends his MM# on the Brisbane fKvsr, Tuesday afimoan, August 12th. Paddon is 8ft. 4fin. In height, and weighs about 15st. He is a native of the Richmond River, and has bad a brilliant sculling career. Mr. T. M. Ahem ("Terry') Ahern, who is the well-known and popular proprietor of the Gresbam Hotel, Brisbane, has all his life identified him self with all forms of clean sport. Mr. Ahern is a member of the Committee of the Brisbane Alnateur Turf Club, and "is also a prominent horse owner. Tom McCarthy, Lodi, Serenoko, Bronsilian, Valorcine, and other horses car rying hia colours, are well known to lovers of the "Sport of Kings." ALFRED FELTOM, Sx-Ohnmplou tal ler of the wHd, who moots Padden far tbs title on August 12th. Fslton Is Mt> Sin. In height, and rssldsa with bte, wife and family In Hrtsbann. Both Paddon and Felton, who row for the title of champion of th«w\jrld next month, selected Mr. Ahern as their stakeholder. "Terry" is an ex- student of the Jesuit Fathers, River- view College. Sydney. QUEENSLAND IRISH ASSOCIATION WELCOMES MR. FIHELLY. (Continued from page 5.) particular portion. I was also informed that it could be sold for £20,000 and £6 a week. On behalf of the Govern ment I applied for it along with an other firm. The Lord Mayor advised me that I would probably get the next one. No Queensland firm previously thought of having a stall there. On account of having a letter from Mr. W. M. Hughes, the firm was given prefer ence over the Queensland Government. The eaSh value of the stall in open market was £20,000, ' with £6 per Qft.RTint gives you an idea of the in- fier workings of Smithfietd. The Public Mas. "In the matter 1 of business few would care to be pitted against Sir Thomas Mell wraith. Once be needed a loan of £750,000, and because he fell out with the Bank of England they would not give him any money at all. He had to apologise first. The sub scription amounted to £250,000. If you reckon up all these small things, taking into account the American Oil Scandals, to think that public men can solve all problems is pure unadulter ated nonsense. But when it comes to competition we find that the public man is the best. The business man has a good deal to recommend him for any position anywhere, but he is better at nis oweJmsinees. WMtoHtaUd. "I was nearly forgetting what the business men did not do. -The Agency General in London was created origin ally to deal with migration, to deal with loans (small loans they were in those days, too), and also to carry on negotiations with the Colonial Office. We don't deal with migration now. We carry on some abstruse negotiations with the Colonial Office. I was there r once. It was a duty call on an incoming ; Colonial Secretary. And regarding ' loans, we have nothing to do with them. We have to be advised by a broker there. If money were available be would tell us the terms, just as he told Mr. Theodore the te>ms. The rea son for the creation of the office has ' disappeared entirely. The business | man does not see that. .-He should have I a seller there. That is„precisely what is wanted.' An Enduring Monument x The business man has had plenty of opportunities of running various gov ernments, yet I do not know of one which suggested such institutions as the State Insurance and the Common wealth Bank. They keep them going. We built them up and they cannot be smashed. The State Insurance is ai enduring monument, not so much to myself, as the Mayor was good enough to say, but to the outlook of the La bour Party as a whole. "The Commonwealth Bank I could criticise. It is different to the other banks in that all its profits are reserv ed to Australia. Bui it does not com pete. The State Insurance has reduced the charges on life and fire insurances, and has benefited the people in other ways. Also with the present financial stringency in Australia, the Common wealth Bank has been directed to adopt some new policy and method. No business governments built up insti tutions like fbose. When it comes dowr to tin tackiJis the Labour Party. The Loan Questions. "Referring to the Loan Questions, Mr. Fihelly continued: "I am rather landicapped in view of the meeting to >e held to-morrow. I can be quite free n speaking of the Agency-General. It s only a job, and it does not matter vho gets it. But a lot of momentuous liscusjirfns will take place to-morrow, md say nothing to embarrass f anybody. What the people of Queens land want, however, is a candid state ment of what has happened. They know it in London, and they know it here. And the public here will want to know it. There is no need to have any obscure cloud covering the whole thing. The people must and will know- that concessions will have to be giv<- as we have to convert £25,000,000, which previous business governments allowed to fall due in 12 months. They cannot commit us to default. 'We have to reconcile ourselves to the inevit able. But the measure of concessions And the power of bargaining that we possess will have to be mentioned also. The sooner a candid, complete, and comprehensive statement of the whole thing is made the better it wilt be for the people of Australia." (Applause.) 