SUMMARY. , I ? a The Anglo-Russian Conference opened at the Foreign Office. Downing-street, on Monday. Mr. Ramsay MacDonald, welcoming the Russians said it was hoped to supplant the trade agreement with a commercial treaty. Mr. MacDonald spoke very plainly about Soviet propaganda, and said that something more than a formal undertaking was needed. The leader of the Russian delegation said that he thought a complete understanding could be reached. a Stressing the acute International situation, he declared that disarmament must be carried to the furthest limits. The Soviet Government, he said, was prepared to support a policy of frontier re- visions on ethnographic principles. Japan has protested to Washington against the exclusion clause of the Immigration Bill. The Senate by a large majority negatived a motion to withdraw this clause from the measure. The Chairman of the Immigration Committee states that the measure wounds not Japan's pride but her ambition. There was a spirited debate In the Senate on the bill. The Republican leader, Senator Lodge, declared for exclusion. The letter of the Japanese Ambassador to the Secretary of State received hostile criticIsm. An American Congressional Naval Committee has approved a bill to authorise construction of eight 10,000-ton cruisers. The Belgian Cabinet expresses its confidence in the efficiency of the reparations experts'' reports. It considers that they constitute a useful basis for an equitable and practical settlement of the problem, The German Cabinet's acceptance of the reports, it is expected, will be announced on Thursday. A diplomatic writer comments on the great official optimum in London over the repara- tions outlook. A measure applying the principle of a compulsory minimum wage to British agriculture has been submitted to the Commons. The new Governor-General of South Africa (the Earl of Athlone) received an enthusiastic welcome at Pretoria. Representations about the employment of foreign waiters are to be made to the Empire Exhibition authorities. A steamer was driven on to rocks near Alderney, in the English Channel, during a gale, but all on board were rescued. It is stated that in the Greek plebiscite, 70 per cent, of the people voted against re- storation of the monarchy. Attempts to tow the British world flight aircraft into Corfu have not been successful. Fifty Australian students are to be the guests of the City of Paris during Easter. Following the defeat of the Liberals' in the Danish elections, the Socialist party is to form a Ministry. The Royal show was favoured with Vllllant Bushire yesterday. The attendance was again large. The visitors included his Excellency the Governor and Lady de Chair, and officers of the Special Service Squadron. South Coast won the district exhibits competition, with the Western District second, the latter being beaten by only seven points. The agricultural sections, the apple and pear trophies, and the horses were Judged. The show will be officially opened this afternoon, at 3.30, by the Governor, and the ceremony will be followed by the presentation of cups It is understood that proposals will be considered by the Federal Government regarding the over lapping of Federal and State industrial awards. One proposal is that the control should be taken over completely by the Federal Court. If that fails it is suggested that the Commonwealth should wipe its hands clean of the regulation of industrial conditions. A deputation, representing the Children's Hospital, yesterday urged the Chief Secretary to resume an area of land at the rear of the institution Mr Oakes, In reply, promised to interview the Treasurer, and see what could be done. At a meeting of the City Council It was decided not to rescind the resolution agree- ing to the widening of Park-street on the south side. This decision is final, as notice of a further rescission motion cannot be given for six months At a meeting of the Cabinet, the appointment of Dr. Armstrong as a third member of the Metropolitan Meat Board was confirmed. It was also decided to provide money for an investigation into Industries In which em- places are subject to disease caused by dust. The Minister for Justice was requested to submit to the Premier Information relative to the legal position regarding the mother's right to a child. General Booth, head of the Salvation Army, was accorded a civic welcome by the Lord Mayor on his arrival from Brisbane. In responding, General Booth said that public leaders were gradually realising that the Army was rendering a great social service. The final returns for the wheat harvest for the season 1923-24 have been issued by the statistician. There are only slight differences from the main! preliminary estimate, issued in January last. v j, Grain harvested amounted to 33,040,000 bus jelB or 11 3 bushels per acre, and the hay 700.00 tons, or 1 ton per acre. The officers and men of the five light cruisers and a great reception on their arrival in Brisbane yesterday. Much support has been forthcoming In fav- our of the proposed demonstration of British Jnaiio cars to be held to-day. The demonstration will take the form of a profession of British-made cars to escort Vice Admiral Field to the Show Ground. The cars will assemble at Man-o'-War Steps, vice Admiral Field will land at 12 30. and to lead the procession in his own car. "Th.eir was a comparative absence of fleet functions yesterday. Nevertheless the officers and men on leave were fully occupied sight seeing and enjoying themselves. Many thousands of persons visited the Re CrdHMS.SHoPôd.COmPany Wa" at home on The new South Australian Ministry was Hills". b? caucus yesterday, and will be more in to-day, teHLtUn.Unl?rJ,s,lï essay the Vice-Chair Messrs 92,tca the degrees of Bachelor of six women SUCcessful candidates, Including skirt ,Tas"lanlan bernier (Mr. Lyons) has clay 1110. Commonwealth for increased demand for assistance. »e?^?aVVe^e.senUng the broadcasting in Afternoon a diverting states. met yesterday Mm,L0,Uor was sent to the Postmaster-General communicating the decisions of the conference Wit abolitIon of sealed sets, and for the changing over to open Bets. yet the Returned Soldiers' Congress yester shirts ? president said that there had been "a ' soldiers Vermont in the lot of the returned Returned soldiers on the land in this State Slates * WOrse Position than those in other . n>í)"e!esaíefl' he added' would he asked to de send a Royal Commission to inquire into the > grievances of soldier settlers. The Cabinet again considered the death sentence passed on Edward Williams, for the murder of his children at Paddington. . 6ÍI«.wasJd0.cl.d0'1 not to interfere with the previous decision of the Cabinet. " The, results of' the distinction and honours examination, held at the Sydney University in March last, are published to- day. J'""0881-Generally fine, but some seat wed showers about the south-west slopes, Kfj of the coast, and north-east quarter; "I ask are dar and Cord night temperatures, with some frosts and fogs; variable winds, | any west to south-east. 3 SH "Herald" index appears on pace 16. 