RURAL DENMARK. I EDUCATION. EXAMPLE. Farming and Co-operation. Tho example- afforded hy" Denmark, in farming, agricultural education and co- operation, to- Australia,' in' cumiuor ?with other countries, is emphasised hy Mr. Tale, Victorian Director of Edu cation, in his pamphlet, "Somo J-ios sons from linrnl' Denmark." This pamphlet, which is'entitled .tn considera tion and- study hy all' farmers, ' em bodies the results ol' observations made by Mr. Tate during his visit to Europe last year, lié shows how the people of Denmark, spurred by Ibo disaster of Schleswig-Holstein, set themselves to. develop their remaining territory-to Win from the soil Ibo highest profits; and how, by the application ol! science, ! by cdueat ion, by eo-operal ion, nnd. su premacy through pa I rio! ism, they built np the prosperity, of their little corni: try. Tho Dalies may have seemed to hnvo too little land. They have proved Ulai they have n sufficiency under in tensivo cultivation-not .merely In sup-, port their people, but by'their: exports ol' high-class products; tp win wealth from abroad. ... . There is'Jin fact.in.Danish life, Mr. -Tate observes,- which' : slrikos tho ob server 'moro limn., their . capacity . for' lonni work'.' AVheii it collies to Ibo question 'of;'á reform about- which 'tho people ? ha wv thoifght;'.' nnd lin ve arrived at' ..tho. .conclusion'.' t brit' ' they 'he'ed',' .ibero.is ho- finio dost iu-púlling ¡tinto activity.'"; Tn think among Danish ; folk is- to act, lt was no doubt''tïib 'wide spread practice 'of c.o-operrfl''irtn'!'wh'lc.h slio.wcd tho rural 'people; tri' malic their influence, effective 'invího'.1 counsels of the iiatioii: as- it--was/.ni-' doubt,' tho' montai and moral 'discipline o'f 'ri'ctiv'e .co-operation which' fitted Elicit''loader's' for public'life.- "For: at';tho' root ôf all true, eo-opcrationil national ipffort. .'must, lie (ho 'iiiiderstnndiiig 'hf what the individual-owes to' tho^commun ily. ;f lie'fooling ol' eoníldén'eb' ahít' tr'íist!'in others, 'amt thc will'to clinic'-together in coniin'oh undertakings under which ¡the whdld, e.ömnuuiity^.aud 'throiigh that individnal^'niso,' nip.served. .Tho higher ediicntibu 'bf "rural -workers 'iii Denmark; has been' consciously illrcctcd' for years tow.'inl producing, thc results achieved. Danish rural'education lias realised that Hie human clearcut, in rural industry is all-important, and 'thal; truo education must bo .inthnntply minted to ' tho whole of ' life, . amt not merely lo that part of lifo, concerned SvitIi wage earning. "Those disposed to look askance ut au idealistic, sclicm'o of rural education, Mr. Tn tc points out that during 1921> thc value nf , dairy produce exported by. JJonmnrk to Great Brita inj 'was C",lü!),nS2; mid this from-'ii* country less than one-h'tl.h the size -of. Victoria, with ii -population of 'aliout. .1,000,000. r ,' '" .- ?>:.. T \- Denmark i is unprotected from the chilly winds from the. north-west in the long'winter season. , Tho soil-is on thc whole light, and in many parts dis tinctly poor. Moors, swamps and.peat bogs cover'about. .OQ0 sq miro nuls 'of tho little kingdom,, und the 'climate, is raw. and inhospitable for ia great1 part of the year. The. wonderful, record of Denmnrk in farm, production is not: duo'.to .'fertility, ol!, soil.or: geniality cf 'climate, but is .due. rather .lo. .thc.linc quality of her human material, Her people have shown what can. bo done by steady industry, reinforced, by de veloped intelligence: and patriotism, and directed by scientific, and business capacity. : "When .in 1804 . Germany wrested from lier the.two rich southern provinces of Schleswig-Holstein Den mark gamely set about, recovering more territory from her, sand dunes, heath lands and bogs. Soon she hud reclaimed un arpa conrparablo with what' she had lost .to her victorious enemy. In thu arrangements for providing ural education Denmnrk affords tho . great est interest to thc educational inquirer. Tbero is no doubt, in the minds ol the Dauos that their agricultural prosper ity has been assisted by tho v/ork of their rural schools, and'chiefly by tho adult schools Icnown as tho People's High Schools and. tho People's Agri cultural Schools. Education : in ? 3»cn marlc is compulsory for all children between seven and l-l years of, age; and tho course of study in rural schools is similar in subjects to that prescribed itt Victoria, Thc agricultural population in Don mj'.k munbura about. 000,000 : Inads of households, of whom 172,000 fv.'. - em ployers. There are about 70,000, far mers and peasants, and about, 100,000 email holders, 'and there aro a large number of agricultural laborers' with small holdings or aiiounoius. xuo.iar mers, peasants, anil small.'liold?i's' ¡ire members of the co-nperativo' societies! except in tlie cases of the oo- op'cratiyo supply stores, of .which many s?iyniirs anti laborers are also niemlcrs,'. and Hie co-cperalivo dairy, societies, iii which many agricultural laborers with small holdings and , with .ono or. two cows are also interested. The genius of the Danes' for wiso :and. pro ll hilde cc ope.ction is shown admirably; in thc oignnisulioh of the egg industry,- ene of Denmark's "great staples, tn ibis orguli.'sntion, as -in general improve ments in tho agricultural'and dairying' work of tlic';pcbplc,' Mr. Tuto finds i hat sclinol ' 'masters; played an "important parr.-. Thu ' valuo of :'llio eggs exp'ovtcd là. .i.t'L'l was ,£5,'44!),"7S' "tPhe ,'iiu'iiibet; .of; fowls kept, on .ííitli'.Tilly,' Jító, was 50,000 OOO. " Xii' building up! 'this -'export: .trade two fundamental,principles Were kept steadily in viow- (ho maintenance nf an excellent standard in the quality and appearance of,, tho eggs,, anil full provision for continuous .forwarding*: so Hint tho market once' ni ail o' should nor be lost, even temporarily. These ¡twa requirements necessitated complete organisation' uniting the producers :ind firm handling of careless and dishonest pliers. .' Mr. Tate observes that Doimarfc has every 3 ear a small excess of trained ng ricultni'.il laboréis. The' movement nf these migrants is invariably towards Ann-lieu. Ho urges their ¡it::¡i-?ii:m tn Auf irr.lia, for he cannot imagine a bet ter class of immigrant for our rural districts, especially our dairying T.is triefs, (han these practically tiaincd,j industrious and thrifty Daucs. 