NEWS OF THE DAY. A detailed statement of the Govern ment's plan of assistance for rural in dustries in the finding of marlfets "will bo made within tho next two or three weeks in the .House of Representatives by the I'rime Minister. Up to the present, Mr. Bruce lias given only a bare outline of the .scheme, the cost of which in any one year remains problematical. Mr. Bruce explained Inst night that it was in tended to bring the plan into operation at the earliest practicable moment. That would involve an appropriation out of the customs surplus for the present year, to cover the period from the inception of tho scheme until the end of the finan cial year on 30th June. The amount of surplus customs revenue this year is esti mated at between £5,000,000 and £6,000,000. All claims for participation in the scheme, by way of bounties, sub sidies on freights, and improved and cheaper transport, both with in and with out Australia, will bo considered sepa rately on their merits-. Tho industries making applications for assistance will lie required to convince the Government that, they have used their own utmost endeavors, and that substantial 'and per manent benefit would accrue from tbo subsidy or bounty sought.. Following tho first appropriations, the Government will introduce a measure to authorise con tinuance of the scheme for 192-1-25, by- means of using part of (he customs re venue for that year. It was stated in an authoritative quar ter yesterday that Mr. 1). Maekinnon, Australian Commissioner to f lie United Slates, had intimated to O-J Government that he was desirous of relinquishing the position nnd returning to Australia as soon as convenient. Federal Ministers considered this decision at their meeting yesterday, and il is understood thnt ar rangements were made to "sound" indi viduals considered to be suitable for the position, with a view of their accepting a term at New York. Mr. Maekinnon was appointed about twelve months ago. Tho office carries a salary of £3000 a year, and an allowance ot £2000 a year in addition. The - total expenditure iu 1922-23 was £0166. With two months of tho financial year yet to go the railway revenue shows an increase of £415,137 over the figures for the same period last year. The revenue for the ten months ended 30th April amounted to £9,9-10, S-10, compared with £9,525,053 for the ten months in 1922-23. Tho last nine days of April produced a remarkable amount of revenue, the total being £292,391 an increase of £52,050 over tho same period in April, 1923. The principal items were:— Passenger, £120.209, increase of £10,6S7; goods, £12-1,465, increase of £24,770; live stock, £13,8911, increase of £3600; parcels, £12,716, increase of £1021; refreshment rooms, £10,789, increase of £3969; power, £533-1, increase of £710. A further communication relating to the high-power wireless scheme between Aus tralia, Great Britain und Canada, has beon received from the Imperial Govern ment by the Commonwealth Government. Mr. Bruce declined last evening to indi cate its purport. His previous representa tions to the MacDonald Cabinet were in spired by the refusal to regard as final the reported intention of British Minis ters to accept, as an irrefragable basis of policy, the recommendations and conclu sions of the Donald committee, favoring a post-ofiico monopoly of wireless stations communicating with the Dominions, and declining to allow any other high-powered stations to be erected in Great Britain. Mr. Bruce will make an early statement on the subject to the House of Represen tatives. Owing to alterations Tn the signalling apparatus on the New South Wales rail ways causing delays to traffic, (ho two divisions of the Sydney express were lain in reaching Melbourne yesterday. The first division, due to reach Spenccr-sireet at 12.51 p.m., did not arrive until 1.20 p.m., nnd the second division, due at 2.2 p.m., did not arrive until 3.55 p.m. With tlic least possible dclnv the work of constructing the new College of Domes tic Economy is to be proceeded with. The college will be erected on the site at pre sent occupied by Melbourne Gaol. Tho Chief Secretary stated yesterday that 'tho gaol would be empty within three weeks. Steps were already being taken to transfer the prisoners and staff to Pcntridgc. It was proposed, Mr. Argylc added, to de molish the gaol building immediately, and to utilise the stone in the structure for the erection of the new police depot on St. Kilda-road. Progress is being made by tho Tourist Resorts Committee in opening up now places that possess special attractions for tourists. Tho committee resolved last year that about £15,006 should be spent in the Grampians, provided tho people of Hor sham, Stawell and Hamilton subscribed about £6000 to complete tbo work. The Secretary of Lands (Mr. Peverill) stated yesterday that out of the three districts one of tho quotas of £2000 had been com pleted, and the remaining two were pro ceeding. The proposal to open up tho Acheron Valley, near Wnrburton, was also being well advanced, some of the contracts having already been let by tho Country Roads Board. Another largo amount, at least £7000, was set apart for the road to the National Park, Wilson's Promontory. The survey from Foslcr-rond to Dnrby Rivcr has been nearly completed. When the road is made it will open up tho full route from Melbourne to the National Park for motor traffic. Accommodation is provided for about 25 tourists at tho new clialot, but as the traffic increases the chalet will be considerably augmented, Much work still remains to bo done at Bccchworth in order to complete the scenic road. Tho sum of £50,000 allotted for opening up and beautifying tourist resorts in the Slate has been practically ex hausted, and until further moneys are pro vided no new contracts of any sizo can be taken in hand. It has been decided by the parka nnd gardens commiltco of Melbourne City Council to remove a number of trees planted in Alexandra Park-road nnd along Alexandra-avenue from Government House gates. This is considered to bo necessary in consequence of the too-closo planting of the double .rows of elms and plane trees, These trees are planted at a distance of about two feet from the kerb, and after they have been taken out a new kerb will be formed and the space between laid down m Jawns. Tha Premier of Tasmania (Mr. Lyons) 'btorvicw the Federal Treasurer this morning with reference to the request of he Tasmanian Government for greater weX assistance from the Common- H>„ r ' . a. Previous occasion when disabilities from which Tasmania sitf- rers were brought under notice by Mr. Lyons, the Treasurer advised thut if taxation could be increased in Tasmania «t would, not -only afford V earptrt of self-help, but strengthen the ckiim for spocial assistance. Mr. Lyons stated ygj. I tcrday thai since litis interview taxation had been increased by about 13/ ,,cr j head. Taking into consideration the dif. fore-noes in resources and earning capacity I and comparing population with that o£ I i inland States, Tasmania would prob- I hnly be found to bo the most heavily 1 taxed of all States. Mr. Lyons will on I Thursday discuss with tho Prime Minister I aspects of the agreement relating to co- I operation between the Commonwealth and I the States in immigration. I There was recently much criticism ot I the action of the Railway department I in placarsing rail ay bridges and viaducts I with unsightly advertisements in favor of I cortnin brands of alcoholic drinks. As a ro- I suit of that indignation tho Government I decided to discontinue (lie displaying of I these advertisements. But since that in- I tcntion was stated nothing has been I done. When the Legislative Assemhlr I met yesterday -Mr. D. Smith (Bcndign) I asked the Minister of Railways if lle I would state when tho Railway Com- I missinners intended giving effect to the I Government's decision to withdraw tin. I advertisements, fthe Minister in reply I said the original decision of Cabinet, that I the advertisements should he discontinued I was arrived at in ignorance of the fact- I that contracts had been made vvith .the I advertisers for a period extending m-cr I five years. . As the contracts were made I in good faith by the advertisers, it win I only right nnd equitable that they should I be given an opportunity of stating whether I they were agreeable to their being pro- I maturely terminated. The mater was fl,b I iitdiee, and it would be unwise to enter I upon Hie details of the negotiations, which I were still proceeding. K Reasons for the failure of Australia'j E immigration policy to attract farming set. I Hers from Scattdanavian countries wctg given by Mr. F. Tate, Director of Edna- 1 tion, at tho luncheon of the Institute 0( B Advertising Men yesterday. While he K was in Denmark, a country whose prot perity was founded on its wonderful dairy. B ing industry, n professor informed ltiin K that there were about 5000 skilled agricul- I turalisls available for immigration each H year. They went to America, as the 'I general opinion was that Australia had H little enthusiasm for admitting even her H own bin from England, It was crui- If sidcrcd that even the "white Australia" H policy was tainted with selfishness, and K that. Australians mid little sense of trui- (cc.'ihip in not .seeing that the country was B developed in the best possible way. All K through northern Europe, said Air. Tait, K Canada and America wire well advertised. H Australia's opininn, however, was appar- ontly Hummed up in the remark of a squat- ter in London regarding the Danes, "Wo H do not .want a lot of 'dagoes' in the c-omi- H try." Such expressions of ignorance were, H unfortunately, too common, and Austral- Bjj inns should remember that many English- men were of Danish extraction. The/- B were actually of the same race and should B be encouraged to settle here. H Discussing the general ignorance in En;. K land of Australian conditions, Mr. F. Tate, H Director of Education, made a rcmarkahk H proposal at the Institute of Advertisin? Ei Men yesterday. The position at. Victoria If House, he said, was lament able, as it was H difficult to obtain liierature giving in. Bl fnrmnlion about tbo State. Few of the H staff wero Australians; many of its mem- B hers had never beon otitsido England. He B suggested that the whole of the staff there B should be Victorian public servants, ia- H eluding even Ibe typists. The staff, lie K said, would then possess a first-hand B knowledge of conditions here, and B the members of it could bo train- K fcrred at suitable periods to enable l|| them to keep in touch with K|| home. While it undoubtedly would he gf a groat, advantage for the senior ofliceri | to he Victorian, it is difficult to under- I stand lite need for an all-Australian I clerical staff. The scheme will doubtless s he supported by those members ol the M State civil service wbu cherish hopes otj | trip to England at the taxpayers' expense, 1 but it is improbable thut the cnninuuiily 3 will see the necessity for junior elf lb jgj and typists spending some years in I.on- ||| don giving inquirers their "first-hand" | information regarding Victoria. S| Some of the problems of India were a stressed last night by Air. A. II. Clarke, | a former Rhodes scholar, in an address 1 before the Australian Speakers' Associa- 1 tion. He saitl thnt India was not really | a nation, hut was composed of a number 1 of naLions. The reforms which had been | instituted from time to time hnd set India | on a course which must end cither in f niKirehy or in her practical independence. f which it was hoped would be within the B Empire. Indians must not ' : regarded as H heathens. 'They regarded their own re- B| ligion as being far higher than that of tho B Christians, and their religion was the key- Bf note of their lives. That same religion B provided the chief reason why India was H not ripe for self government. There were H over 2900 castes in India, and there wits K no such thing as democracy. The caslo H system was the curse of Indin. It was H so strong that the principles of right and H wrong (liil not count against it. If Britain B would regatd India as a sacred trust and H not as a trade monopoly. India would bo H tlic brightest gem iu the British Empire. H An impression that .the Commonwealth Government was in some measure rcspon- stblc for finding a remedy ior the stale of affairs revealed in recent messages, call- ing attention to the inefficiency and lack of co-ordination in the marketing of Aus- tin 1 ian products in Englnnil, was declared 4|P last night by tho Rritne Minister to In VB wholly erroneous. It: was no function ol tlic Government, he said, to step in and engage in active trading operations— it had, in fact, got away as far as possible from these activities. Tho Commonwealth Government and the States certainly madt , available a sum of money to assist pro ducers nnd exhibitors at the London ex hibition, but the responsibility for taking full advantage of this unrivalled adver tisement of the resources, of the Common wealth, nnd ensuring that the inevitable demand for- Australian produce should he met promptly and adequately, reetcd en tirely with tho trading and exporting io- tcrests concerned. Tho Government did not go into the Empire Exhibition to sel! fruit or anything else for producers. 