AGENT-GENERALSHIP. MR. FIHELLY'S VIEWS. it thc banquet tendered (o Mr. .1. 1 Flhelly the former Agent General particularly candid in bit remark*. (' Mr. Fihelly, on ribing to speak, wm j greeted with prolonged applause, «nd tin gathering rose and un np " For Ho'« ? Jolly Good Fellow.'' At thc? outset Mr Flhelly snid members of the Lalmui Patty had always been very good lo hi» both while he wis a priva'e menihfi «nd a Cabinet Minister. At timi's, how. over, tho fight was very strenuous, uni very often the pnrty was divided op such matters as a monopoly of the* work, ere' compensation Insurance, the aboli- tion of capital punishment, and tie Money Lenders Bill. He bad IHVOIBS tired, and perhaps weary, of som« thing's, which he did not now want to go into, and he thought (bat a chane.' might li« advisable. However, he minc back from Ixindon with no regrets nt ul.'. Prior to leaving he had told thc I'reiuuT Iii« opinion regarding the office of Agent. General. "I fold him," he said, "th:* the Office was not vented, lt is a rel sinecure, and I suggested that it shotilA he abolished, and the lease of the bnlld-j ines in the ¡Strand sold. This would! bring iU about £20.000. Wc could tin a £0 down to Australia TfnuBc, where they an a lot of vacant rooms and land agents (Felling land «it Canlierra, the Ked ' tirai capital. The interest on the £20,0011 Woold amply pay the rent we are paying now, «nd to that extent it would he straight-out profit.'' Mr. Fihelly went on to refer tn the suggestion made by what he described as "the yoting and "middle-aged members of tba Taxpayers' Association " for the appointment of a business man ac Agent General. "Mr experience of business men," he saiá, "leads me to believe that it would be n tragedy to have a business man filling the position of Agent-General. It does not necessarily ?follow that because a man can buy goods cheaply, and sell them dearly, and mala a lot ot money out of rage, that .he will bs successful In everything. I recollect earing some time ago that it wai an ex- cellant thing to have a Ministry with a business man in it, more particularly il it wars a Labour Ministry. There Minis- tries ara supposed to be unbusinesslike, and the inclusion of a business man in the Cabinet inspires confidence. But once you have that business man there do not allow him to touch any business matters. That conclusion I have come to after a deal in wheat in which a business man in the Cabinet lost ma.if thousand! of pounds. He* was a good man in bis own business, but that waa tbs only business abqut which bs knew anything." The agents in London handling Aus- tralian butter were put of date, con- tinuad Mr. Fihelly, and did not prevent Australian butter fran being sent Into Tooley-street and «old there ss liest Dan- ish end best Irish butter. Us would Sot» one instance to show how complete s bungling was. At »ne* time the London price for butter dropped from 180s. a cwt. to 112«. (Speculators bought on the ruling market prie* bf 112«., and held Stocks for several weeks, until the price «jain firmed. No -one In Austra- lia attempted to ascertain the reason fe* that drop, yet it was close at hand. There were 40,000 fyi* of Australian and Kew Zealand butter held in cold atores by the British Government. The co-operatives and 'factories here could ria ve bought that butter, but they pre- ferred to leave the English Government buy it st from £60 to £80 per ton. As a result, big departmental stores re- tailed it over the counter at about la. a lb. Eight approved dealers in Tooley street ware able to carve out a fortune as a result of this desi. "I say emphatically,'' added Mr. Fihelly, "that all this talk about the appointment of a business man solving all the problems is pure, unadulterated nonsense. The business man has got a good deal to recommend him for any position, but hs i's generally better off in 'fas own particular business." Mr. Flhelly went on to SST that the office of Agent-General was originally created to deal with Immigration, and «mall loans, and to carry on negotiations with thc Colonial Office. " We do not deal with Immigration now," he said, "we carry on such abstruse negotiations with the Colonial Office that . I waa there once only, and that was when I made a duty call on the' Incoming Colonial Secretary. With regard to loans we have practically nothing to do with them, because we ar« advised bv our broker. If the money is available he will tell us the terms Just ss Mr, Theodore was told. It will be seen from these particulars that the necessity for the maintenance bf the office has disappeared entirely. The Australian sellers should have their own agents In London. Thal ls all that is wanted." Referring to (he Commonwealth Bank in Australia, Mr. Fihelly enid it should ba directed to adopt n new policy anal methods. The States should he contd« to have loan moneys given out to UICDJ,1 He would be a very optimistic man wh* would say that £5,000,000 could.be bon.' rowed during the next five years. The' amalgamation of the different Govern- ment authorities willi thc Commosw wealth Bank, and thc note issue behine"' it, was the only way by which Ihe prs>| sent financial difficulties could be cver-1 come. ' " What tho people of Queenslai want," he said, " it a candid stntcmei bf what has happened some weeks ago They know lt in landon; the Catino, knows it heit-; wr, want a candid slate mint. There is no need to have obscure clouds covering the whole thing. We all know that we will have to bc dic- tated to for the time being. Concession» will har» to be given to the financier» in london, and we arc entitled to know that measure ot concession OB soon as possible. 1 informed the Government here Immediately a'ter the last election in this regard. "The people will have to preparé to recognise that a concession will hare to be given. We must con Tort that £-25,000,000, which previous business Governments allowed to fall due within one year. We have got to get that, otherwise we would be defaulters, and the country could not permit its Gmrernmcnt to default. We have to re- concile ourselves lo thc Inevitable. Thc sooner wo get some candid, complete, and comprehensive statement tho better for thc people of Australia." Referring to conditions in Ireland. Mr. Fihelly said he regarded the pros- pects there as particularly bright. Th» Government was doing well. " I have no hesitation in saying," he concluded, "that eventually Ireland will bc united, .nd beiore long she will cut ns big R figure in the British Commonwealth of Kations as Australiu, Canada, or any other Stale."-" Courier." 