In its handling of the j>-:tropolitnn Gas Company's Bill the Stti Minisiry rcscmbirx a stupid man struggling with adversity. Its intentions are probably commendable, but its methods are deplorable. Yesterday's debate was a sheer futility. The House treated the subject with apathy ; little interest, and even less intelligence, was mamlesteu, for much of the time not even a quorum of members was present. The discussion was a glaring instance of defective sequence. A few members spent the entire day dis cussing machinery clauses of a Bill applicable to a monopoly which, unless the Government is engaged in an elaborate' process of blutr, it proposes at the earliest possible moment to end. Whatever the inherent merit of the other clauses, they are eclipsed in importance by that clnuso which relates to the transference of the undertaking from private to public control. Yet that is prnctipnily the linn I clause, and on it the House reached 1:0 conclusion. The debate stands adjourned into another week. Tin; wasic of another week over a question that has already occupied many iruil.loss year.i may lie lightly on the conscience of the Ministry. But it is certain to deepen , the widespread impression that, in the matter of gas legislation, the Oovcrnme.nl is, for reasons l est known , to itself, effusively lackadaisical, ami that the metro politan public is ' being deliberately fooled. Citizens might well ask themselves once more where thnv stand in this matter. As far as the Government is concerned, proceedings have again reached a dead end. F.ven if ' the present measure is passed it docs not advance vital matters one whit. The public is not at this stage greatly concerned with the Company's future borrowing powers, or even with the functions of gas referees. It has had forty-six years' somewhat bitter ex perience of the Metropolitan Gas Com pany. Jinny Melbourne widows and orphans who possessed no gas shares had to pay for extremely poor gas a prico which enabled the Company to draw a dividend of 21 J per cent. More recently the prico of power gas rose from -i/0 to 8/4. and illuminating gas from ()/ to b/(i. It is evidently ne cessary that those facts should be rehearsed in order that tho memories of homo members of Parliament should bo refreshed. Gns consumers are quite convinced that the commodity as sup plied in t.ho past, by this particular Company has been most inferior, most costly. In other parts of ilie world gas supply is increasingly passing into public control. On no question has Melbourne opinion been made more plain than with regard to the desire to come into line with j! her progres sive communities in this respect.. Yet for some, inscrutable reason that cud seemingly cannot he attained, (t is 'dear that, this Government's efforts are unlikely lo be effective. It is impossible lo determine whether it is incompetent or merely indifferent. ; it certainly seems m l:e impotent. The ameiidm'-ht in clause 3 1 , submitted yesterday, required the (lovermneiis to purchase the uiMortnkiug, which would be run as a public utility by an authority representing the. ciLize.us of the metropolitan area. This calling upon the Government to bo purchaser might givo color to the idea thai the metropolitan gas supply should he conducted as a department of Btnte. The notior, has -owhere been seriouslv utiggested. The Government defended the method out lined in clause 11. The clause neither calls tor initiation nor ; imposes obligation .en any body or j person. As a method it may be per fect. But, if it is not promptly to be made applicable, the method must remain perfect merely in its beauty and bankrupt, in its utility. In any event, tho average citizen is unlikely to he tastidious as to forma of pro cedure, as long as the kind of action persistently demanded be taken. Obvi ously the first matter to be decided is the monetary basis on which the proposed transference may ba effected. Been the Company ltns displayed greater acumen on this point than has the. Ministry. It has made a kind of offer. It suggests that a .Supreme Court judge should determine the value of its assets. The judge, would uneesanrily be guided by experts. Bet the Government deal with the experts directly and immediately. In a com paratively short time they could ascer tain the undertaking's fair market value as a going concern ; goodwill, by tacit agreement, goes by the b'sird. Nothing practical is possible until this is done. Only ' imbecility could be blind io such a patent, fnct. Yet tho Ministry spent yesterday in sheer time-wasting talk. The. community is entitled to ask why i.lie Government so glaringly refuses to do what., m any ordinary business deal, would at once be done. It. is inconceivable that j it is restrained hy any feeling of I delicacy, or a desire to avoid wounding ilia sunccptibilities of tho Company. As the grantor of the Company's cunrter, as its arbiter in every vital matter, Parliament surely has some status in dealing with this rich mono poly, even if its path is not smoothly paved hy some carefully worded pur chase clause. The. Company has de clared itself prepared to sell. The metropolitan public wishes to buy. Whatever is the barrier ? The Govern ment as a go-between is proving a colossal failure. The municipalities arc invited to take over a concern which has been in cxistcne- for years. If, is alleged that it has been in many respects neglected. In t.h circum stances tho municipalities are pardon ably as fearful a would any individual who was asked to purchase blindfold an old house which might need to be entirely reconstructed as soon as he entered into possession. Until the value of the .Metropolitan Gas Com pany's assets are ascertained the public occupies an analogous position. There, is unlikely to be any serious difference of opinion as to the con stitution of the body which would ultimately administer rhc gas supply in the public interest. T;.e Minister in charge of the Bill evidently re garded with favor some body similar in nature to the Metropolitan Board of Yyorks. That would probably func tion most satisfactorily. No place may oc givoii lo any nominee body ; citizens must no more lose control of the gas supply by losing control over any new authority. These details will he agreeably adjusted when matters much more weighty have been got out ot the way. But, it the Government is not. disposed lo handle the gas legislation moro vigorously, there Keems little prospect of escape from the. in tolerable incubus named the .Metropoli tan Gas Company. The chronic ineffec tiveness. of Parliament has given rise in some quarters to the wonder if it is all part of some manoeuvre to prevent the community ncqniring this particular property. Or is it that the Government has become so decrepit that nny effective reform is hopelessly beyond it? How, vor it be, the Amending. Gas Bill now before the House is on entirely wrong linos, and should forthwith bo scrapped. Pos sibly tho Government would secretly rejoice if that were its fate. The Metropolitan Gas Company would pos sibly rejoice in unison. But. it would bo a betrayal of the metropolitan people for which members of the Ministry are certain to find them selves' sternly hold liable at the approaching general election. There is an importance in Mr. Prattcn's contributions to the dis cussion of Australian economies far exceeding their interest to the general render. The figures produced by the hon. m 'tuber yesrerany arc a startling revelation of the recklessness of the country's borrowing policy and the danger of its extravagance. The nvcrag" Government that succeeds in ma ting a new loan abroad is generally as deughtcd with its cxploiL us it would be were the borrowed money cot another mortgage, but an actual addition to the country's assets. The philosophy of " it will sen's for our .imc' is dangerously prevalent with politicians everywhere. Since 1881 Aus tralia's public debt has increased six- tccn-fold, while primary and secondary production has increased nearly eix- fold, and the population has only doubled. Borrowing has far out stripped development. Early renewals of Commonwcaltn and State loans at higher rates of interest thrcnton still heavier taxation. In order that the country's productive assets may not be mortgaged still more dangerously, it is necessary that excursions to the. money market should speedily be minimised. Contemplation of the fnct that the maintenance of the borrowing rate for the last three years will give us by 1030 an additional - debt of about £400,000/100 ought to cause keen misgiving in the caso of every responsible citizen. Until the people interest thcmsolves in a matter like this they cannot expect u remedy. Governmcnt expenditure has to be reduced, large savings should bo paid into sinking funds, and as far as possible tho country should finance itself. To this practice of freely borrowing abroad the Sydney Proloci.onis, debits tho growing magnitude of our imports and a hindrance to the country's progress. Australian credits accumu late in London, to be transferred in the form of goods. He sees in this a menace to tin; expansion ot Aue- j trnlinn industries. Another striking! smf omc.il is that the system of bank ing was designed and is carried out. to sell British exports ami to facilitate the importation lo Great Britain of raw lunterials. But Mr. I'raU.cn's remedy for this is loo conventional to promise results. The. appointment of financial and other Commissions aggravates one evil without, possibly removing another. This banking ques tion is obviously one for thn now board of management of tho Common wealth Bank, the appointment ot which is overdue. The promised Bank ing Bill should give it tho necessary power. Tho criticism of present, methods of exclinnge suggests that those who are appointed, besides being j men of some distinction in the finan cial world, should not bo too strong in their devotion to precedent,. The responsibility for the generti financial administration rests with the Trea surer. Mr. Page is too apt io extol poor performances of tho past aim to ! trudge along in tho path beaten by j .squanderers who wont, before him. The 1 economy ho promised has not been J attempted. Is he really .satisfied xvitli ! his performances of t.ho Inst, fifteen months, or is any other member of tho Cabinet While Mr. Page may prove to bo a very good Minister in some other department, his assignment to tho Treasury is not warranted by his experience, his training or his over- agreeable temperament. Presumably, he was given that portfolio because it. is usually held by Lhn Cabinet commander or his first lieutenant, and Mr. Page is nominally equal in Minis terial ctnlut) with (ho Prime Jlinistor. There is no reason why a Minister in bis position should not retain his Cabinet rank when in command of the department, most suited to his abili ties. Tho post, of Federal Treasurer at this time involves . too grave, a responsibility to ho entrusted to a misfit. If the Government is to win through, it will require to put the Treasury iu thn hands of a Minister of the most highly specialised financial capacity, the stoniest detenniiuu ion, the finest, courage and the. most indomitable industry. The tendency to regard the Treasury as a Kecond- rate department that can ho left, by the Minister to rim itself gives little hope either for tho wisdom of our financial policy or for the. safety of the Government. Yesterday's dohnto in the 'House of Representatives about tho prohibition of immigration from Germany echoed many private discussions. Under an Act passed in December, 1H20, the Commonwealth Parliament forbade the entrance to Australia of former enemy nationals— Germans, Austrians, Bul garians and Turks. Tho prohibition will extend until December, 11125, when changes may be made by proclama tion. The Administration is allowed a certain amount- of discretion, l'or instance, a voimg Gcrniau, who ex celled .Jacob's record of seven years' hard work for his Rachel, was allowed to bring from Germany his boyhood sweetheart. He had worked for ten years cutting out. a profitable farm from the Ylallee. The most timid Aus tralian will not lose a wink of sleep because of the presence of either him or his Grefchen. Mr. Gnbb, a South Aus tralian Labor member, pleaded the case for a renin vol of the embargo, and did so with considerable force. Most people will agree with him that, as agricul tural settlers, German immigrants have shown themselves to bo people, of exceptional industry, intelligence, tlirifti- miss and patience. R will be ad mitted, also, that there are millions of German people who had no hand in making the war, who followed, their leaders in a lever of patriotism, and who are ordinarily disposed to peace. We have resinned trade with Germany, bnve admitted her Consular representa tive, and are supposed to be at peace. The Prime Minister's speech on the subject showed a wide tolerance. He freely conceded to German settlers all the colonising virtues claimed for them, and he held, xvitli tho rest, that Aus tralia bas an exceptional need for the immigration oi mombers of the Northern races who are ready to do bard and continuous work. Yet he was afraid that if wo freely admitted German ex-service men, proud of their records in fighting against Australians as well as other Britishers, there might Iw an undesirable, condition of things, and 'offence might be done to the feelings of Australian people, particu larly those families who lost relatives in the war. Labor memlwrs, whose new-found zeal for iuunigrntion wns somewhat astonishing, interjected that Great Britain freely admitted Germans. Mr. Bruce, who did not answer the point, might have reminded them that the attractions offered by Australia to any considerable number of German immigrants are so much more alluring than those of Great Britain, with her 1,250,000 unemployed, that there is no real analogy. While observing that it would be well if the war and its ill- feelings could bo forgotten, tho Prime Minister thought, that the five years' prohibition should he allowed to run its course. He promised that special attention would be given eases of hardship. It is entirely undesirable, of course, that we should remain in a state of partial warfare with Die German people, or with anybody else. The important point overlooked yesterday is that a war settlement finally fixed by the Allies, and acknowledged hy Germany, has not yet been reached. Until the disturbing reparations ques tion has been disposed of, attitudes towards our recent enemies cannot become definite. Resistance on Ger many's part may easily require a change ' of policy. If the exclusion Act be administered intelligently there con be little objection to its being retained . until December of next year, by which timo differences about re parations ought to have been adjusted. While Australia does not desire to folk, xx American experience, and estab lish close foreign communities, retain- . ing their own national customs and keeping apart ffom the rest of the people, it is ridiculous to assume that we can close this continent to white peoples of colonising and productive value. If it be true, as reported, that Danish, Swedish and Norwegian agriculturists beliovn -that Australia treats them as prohibited immigrants, prompt steps should be taken to correct tho mistake. Our present popu- f Ifl-Lion is moro than 07 per cent, of Hriutii stock. The arrival, under the nomination system, of a fow thousands ot industrious rural workers from Central unci Northern Europe will not bo n peril, but, on tho contrary, will be a help towards flic country's development. 