FEDERAL PARLIAMENT TUESDAY, AUGUST 19. house of representatives The Speaker took the chair at 3 p,m. The' Prime Minister tld Mr. Nelson that he had no knowledge ot or informa tion respecting the scheme for settle ment in the Northern Territory, alleged to have been mentioned in London by ihe Fostmaster-General. The Prime Minister told Mr. Coleman that the reso lution passed at the Stockholm Postal Congress, reducing the transit rates on mail matter had made some slight loss for Australia, the extent of which had not yet been ascertained or discussed by Cabinet. BUDGET DEBATE RESUMED. The debate on the budget was resumed. Mr. Scullin accused the Taxation De partment of great laxity in having fur nished only one report in six years, v.-hiie under the Laoour Governments that report was furnished every year. He complained strongly of the fact that nearly £190.000 was outstanding in land tax without any explanation being given. Mr. Parker Moloney— Tbere are bo poor men among them. Mr. Scullin felt sure ot that. He also claimed that the Government had never yet given the information asked for re specting Crown leaseholders' arrears. He contrasted the treatment of these by the debtors with that accorded to Crown lessees in the Northern Territory, where a long iist of men in arrears in amounts arranging from £7 to 2s 6d, was publish- vu u i uhdcu: l. (VFFuaiiiuu jcvig juu laughter), lie said Sir Sidney Kidman owed the Commonwealtli £100,000 for taxation, of which 925,000 was oil freehold Ixuic. He had paid no taxation for T or s years. (Murmurs of .surprise). Ho challenged tiie Govern ment. to place all the papers connected with Sir Sidney Kidman'? case on the table. The Prime Miniser said the charges made against the Commissioner of Taxa tion must not he lightly laid aside, and every chance should be given under the regulations. Mr. Macfcay, congratulated the Govern ment on the early introduction of the Budget. He asked lor the renewal of the sugar agreement, and the reduction of passage money for Immigrants. Mr. Lazzarini warmly advocated the appointment of a 'Royal Commission to enquire Into matters affectlns the coal .udustry, Mr. Corner urged further assistance to the sugar, fruit, maize, and other nor thern industries. Mr. Gabb denied that taxation kept mouey out of industry. He protested against the reduction of Income tax. He asked assistance for the fruit industry which was languishing. He specially urged assistance for the grape growers. Mr. .'abb Insisted that Murray Bridge was the proper site for the laboratory, proposed to be erected in that district, instead of at Morgan or Renmark, since Mm ray Bridge was the great railway runti c. Morgan would ho tbe worst pos sible place for a hospital and laboratory. Me read letters from allowance postal uuici.i.i2>, one ol v. no no. oump utjuwu uua-u sbtj had to find premises, provide her own light, and work from u a.m. to 6 p.m. for 45s per month. (Oh I and laugh ter). Yet the Government could afford, to give millions to big men in postage and other reductions. Mr. Paterson congratulated the Trea surer on the Budget. He claimed that the prospects of the agriculturists were oloiided, and their efforts hampered by, ihe high duties on agricultural imple-« ; m&nts; that Australian butter was haa- I dlcappcd compared with Danish, by 3%d- 1 per lb. Progress was roported and the House i adjourned until next day. 