Oceania? OCEANIA'S "OLDEST SHIP. Of the fleet of about" 50 ships which used to sail out of Sydney, and Melbourne in the fifties, the Stormbird is the only sur vivor: in fact, it is safe to say that she is the oldest ship now afloat in the hemisphere. The Stormfcfed was lattnelfed from the Clyde yards in 1854. and. steaming direct to Mel Bourne. she worked for several years be tween that port and Sydney. Later, she was purchased by John Jones, of Dunedin. but moon again changed hands, and carried the flag: of the Wellington S.N. Co. On ^he outbreak of the Taranaki Maori "War, the vessel was chartered to carry troops. The Stormbird was cut in half and lengthened in lSS-3. Good luck has followed her. and. when larger craft dare not leave Port Nicholson, owing to rough weather, the veteran freely moves In and out.—Aussie. MAORI HEADS. A recent c.able report, stating that General Robley'? collection of Maori heads has been sold to the New York Museum, reminds me that the best samples of these ghastly relics are in Auckland Museum The vaiue of the heads lies in the ornate tattoo ing Maoris..of. chief .rank .in the early days of the Dominion had their faces completely covered with blue scroll designs, the pig ment being dye from a fern root, and the instrument a sharpened oyster shell. Each pattern was distinct, and several of the chiefs who "signed" the Treaty of Waitangi drew a copy of the tattoo on their cheeks as a distinguishing mark. The beads were cured by drying and smoking, and. at one time, were worth as much as A bisr trade in the commodity was done %!th Sydney in the early eighties; "but so scandalous did it be come that Governor Darling prohibited the business in 1830. To-day the practice of tattooing is a lost art with the Maori, and it is only in very isolated villages that a very old man or woman can he seen with "moko" on their faces. Tattoo on women was confined to the lips and chin.—Te Pana. OLDEST CHURCH. The oldest existing chui*ch in Australia, although not the first to be erected, is said N to be Ebehezer Church, at Portland Head, on the Hawkesbury River. N.S.W. This church was built by a number of free immi grants, who -had settled on the banks of the Hawkesbury. and who, despite the fact that there was no Presbyterian clergyman in the colony, decided, in 1801*. to erect a suitable building in which they could meet for Divine worship. The elders undertook the task of leading the services, and at times visiting clergymen of other denomina tions discharged the duties of leader, for it was not until 1824 that Dr. Lang, the first Presbyterian clergyman in the colony, occu pied the pulpit. Ho.wever. the very first Divine services held at the Hawkesbury were those conducted by" Be\v Samuel .Marsden. who arrived in 1794.—N a turn . THE PLANT OF DEATH. There is a plant, that grows in Papua, "which resembles a gigantic ' lilyl the stem" being over 6ft. high, and the leaves from * 10ft. to 12ft. long. The poisonous fumes it' exhales are strongest at sundown, and for' about an hour before sunrise. Goats, dogs, and other animals which have been tethered at night in its immediate vicinity have been found dead in the morning. In the depths of its bell-shaped flowers, decaying bodies of bats and small birds have been discovered.— Aussie. OUTSIZE IN PINES. A giant hoop pine was recently felled at the State forest, Mary Valley, Queensland. The log measured 153ft. in length, and had a girth of 142in. at the butt. Altogether 9355 euper feet were milled from the log. the sawn timber being worth £150. After allow ing for several wide boards being cut, enough would be left to build a five-roomed dwelling.—Aussie. LARGE SUNFLOWER. A super sunflower has been grown by a resident of Winton (Queensland), and- it is now. on view in a window of there. The giant bloom is 5ft. in Circum ference. and 20 inches in diameter, while its leaves are 22 inches wide and 21 inches long, the stalk being at least 5 inches in diameter. The seed from which this remarkable growth was obtained was just picked haphazard out of some parrot's food, and was planted in ordinary soil.—G.A.H. "HUGE SEA MONSTER." The huge sea monster mentioned by "C.H.S."' 15/3/"24) recalls the fact that a specimen of a rare form of shark—the blue pointer—was captured at St. Kilda (Vic.) in 1906. It was over lift. long. An other specimen captured in Victorian waters about the same time is the extraordinary hammer-headed shark. This type was held in much dread by the ancient Greek mariners, probably on account of its uncouth appear ance. A<? ji matter of fact, the small size of its mouth and teeth renders it an inconsider able foe. as compared with such specimens as the fierce white and shovel-nosed sharks. The one above mentioned was captured at Portland — C.S. * ' ' " * GOLD. ■ The recent. flutter of excitement conse quent on the finds at Ardlethan, N.S.W.. led me to look back at some old records, from which it appears that -gold was first reported to have been discovered in Australia as far back as August. 1788, the very year the colony was founded. It was a convict who made the report, and. as it proved to be a canard, he suffered-accordingly. For a time nothing more was heard of the precious metal, but in 1814 the party' of convicts em ployed cutting the, road to Bathurst are said to have found gold in considerable quanti ties. which was doubtless a fact. but. -for some inscrutable official 'reason, the dis coveries were kept secret, and the convicts* mouths sealed by threats of flogging and other forms of punishment. In 1823 Assist ant-Surveyor James M'Brian found gold 6n the Pish River, about 15 miles east of Bathurst, which is verified by the following extract: f;om his field book (still preserved in .the Surveyor-General's office, Sydney):— "At- 8- chains -5© -links to river and marked gum tree, found numerous particles of gold in the sands and the hill convenient to the river." "Sixteen years later Count' Strzelecki discovered gold .associated with .pyrites at the. Vale of. Clwydd. in the Blue Mountain?? Again the find was kept scrupulously a secret., at the.request >ot the Government, who feared an outbreak , amongst ; the prisoners if the news became generally knpwn. I#i -October, X&41\. the Rev. W. B. Gierke, M.A,. F-ft-G-S.. who ;ha/J previously, found sold in the Macquarie valley, . re ported. that. t.he* first rgold- he - had .eyer seen in Australia he procured from granite. Later Mr. Clarke, who proceeded on true scientific grounds, found gold, and exhibited it to members of the Legislature of New South Wales. That was in 1844. Four years later gold specimens were found on the spurs of the Pyrenees Mountains. And in Febru ary 12, 1851. Mr. Edward Hammond Har graves discovered gold at Summerhill Creek and Lewis Ponds Creek, and thereafter proper official cognisance was taken of the dis covery. and gold-mining helped to make Australia world-famous, as it did California. Subsequently the Parliament of New South Wales voted £10,000 to Mr. Hargraves. as a reward for the discovery of gold in the colony, and £1000 as a gratuity to Rev. W. B. Clarke, as a mark of appreciation for bis ideological reports.—Observer. ABORIGINAL VENGEANCE. The punishment of wrong-doers by abori gines was at times very cruel. I knew & gin on Tomki. Jtichnvpnd - River. who was pi in us feet, and used to move about on hands and knees. She had bolted with another blackfellow. but was tracked and brought back by a vengeful hubby. "My Word," he said, when he got her home, "I make you can't run away." He then chopped off both her feet with a tomahawk. Another footless aborigine was Waddy Mundowie. who belonged to Koopa Creek. Queensland, In the 70's he betrayed the murderers of Squatter Welford. of Welford Downs, and was captured by members of his tribe while making a bolt for the Warrego. They downed him with a nulla, then burnt off his feet by burying them in a bed of glowing gidgee coals. He recovered, and, though his stumps could do nothing with stirrups, he was a good stockman. "When not in the saddle he moved about on crutches, from which he got his name. Waddy MundOWie, meaning wooden feet.—W-aranbini. UNUSUAL INCIDENT. A lad riding a bicycle along a country road arrived at a part where there were three or four chains of loose metal. A motor-car coming from the opposite direction passed at something like 50 miles an hour. As the car passed a number of loose stones flew from beneath the wheels, one of which struck the bov forcibly on the temple, rendering him unconscious for three-quarters of an hour. —C.C. HUMAN CHAMELEONS. A Danish sailor whose skin has turned, black after gradually darkening for the past six months has greatly puzzled the doctors of Hull (England). There are, however, two somewhat similar instances on record in Australia, where two individuals, in a manner typically characteristic of the chame leon. changed their hue—one temporarily from white to black, the other permanently from black to white. The first is said to have owed the change of his color to taking nitrate of silver, which was prescribed for a complaint from which he had been suffer ing; but the effects of this gradually word bff. and within two years he regained his normal hue. The second was a native of Mauritius, and was many years ago one of the principal attractions for visitors of Cole's Book Arcade. Melbourne, where he was em ployed. After changing his color, he, un like the former, retained it permanently, and remained for the rest of his life a typical "White Australian." The late Mr. E. W. Cole, who was a vehement opponent of the ' White Australia" policy, and even wrote and published books in condemnation of it, would triumphantly point to this man and Say, "There's a White Australian for you."— Beachdair. A GIANT PUMPKIN. A giant pumpkin will shortly be exhibited in Melbourne. It is being raised at the Burnley (Vic.) School of Horticulture, and is estimated by Mr. F. J. Rae, principal of the school, to easily exceed a hundredweight. This magnificent specimen is of the "Mam moth" variety, and has not yet completed its growth.—C.S. GETTING WISE. The practice of taking camera snaps of aboriginals and halfrcastes in outdoor Aus tralian life is viewed with disfavor by the semi-educated half-caste. The writer over heard a conversation recently between an enterprising camera tourist and a half-caste member of the blacks' camp at Riverina. "You chaps come out here to take our photos," said the half-caste angrily, "a\id make money by selling 'em. What do^ we get out of it? Not much you get us to day. Hop it!" No persuasion would alter this decision, and we were forced to quit without the promised films. A tent close by was brimful of picturesque youngsters, to judge by the number of protruding black, woolly heads—all a grin and goggly-eyed^-r awaiting our departure to regain their free dom—VJ. » 