RURAL TOPICS. The weather Jins been finer during the past week, and farmers in Southern States have taken full advantage of tile change to push on autumn cultivation. Though the season lias produced heavy crops of cur rants and raiftin grapes in the Mildura aiul other dried fruits districts, the broken wen ther lias greatly hindered drying opera tions, and it is feared that losses will be incurred. Good crops of potatoes arc being dug, and everything is favourable for a good winter for stock in the .Southern States; but some complaints of ground too saturated for cultivation nre made from coastal districts. Tlie west of New .South' Wales is still short of its normal autumn rainfall, but the east coast ha* ipiite . re covered from the dry spell. Action has been taken by the Federal Ministry to prevent tbe introduction into the Commonwealth of foot-and-mouth: disease, which is now prevalent in the; United States. By a proclamation in' the "Commonwealth .Gazette/' published recently, the importation into Australia of cattle, hay, straw, or fodder from the [United States is forbidden. The death is announced from Tullangatta (V.) of Mr. Claude Alexander ron.ild, aged 84 yftirs. He was bom in Collins street., in a'hdiiBC on the site now occupied by the offices of ,'"The Argus" and ''The Austral asian," and afterwards lived at lV%coe\Ml«. When aged 17 years he went to the North East as a boundary rider on the old Kangaroo Estate, portion of which he later selected, and. resided thcr.' until shortly before bis death. The Government meteorologist in West ern Australia (Mr. H. H. Curlewist, refer ring to the absence 01 rain in West Kimber ley, said that the conditions were perhaps J the worst on record. The rainfall at liallV Creek during the wcl months from N»\em ber to March wis about five inches below the average, and further west very little raiu had fallen during the season. At Derby the average was about 2."> inches, but only 395 poiuts had fallen. The rainfall nt Broome had fallen from "22 inches to 5} inches,' La' Grauge' from 16> to 2i inches Onslow from 4A inches to 10 points. Car narvon received only 15 points,' and nt tbe Junction," 100'miles inland, n>.< rain has fallen. 'Carnarvon and "the Junction, how ever, participate in the winter rain*.. In spite of the setback which the tobacco industry received this year, when approxi-i rnately half of the estimated production ! was destroyed, the Ai;ricultural depar'.-1 nient lias received many inquiries from | prospective glowers in all (tarts of the | State for advice concerning how to begin I growing operations. Many present growers! have notified the department that they | intend to extend ibeir j.ie-icjit bidding*. The Agricultural department has. a (limi tation of four acres at Waiigtmyah, and the leaf from the crop there is being cured. It is of a good rich colour. The crop was grown mainly for the purpose of acclimatising the seed of imported varie ties of tobacco, which will be distributed among growers for tbe nest season.' Two of the varieties, Gold l.eaf and Ffanuagau, have produced remarkably good results, Flannagau having proved one of the har diest varieties introduced to Victoria. Fif teen varieties, were grown at Waheunyab, and a plentiful supply of need will be available. Growers would be well advised to burn all old plants and prevent a re currence of blue mould. The decision of the Minister lor Customs (Sir. Chapman), acting on a recommenda tion of tlie Tariff Board, to impose a dumping Huty on British wire-uetViug on the alleged ground dm it is -being sold by British manufacturer* for export to Aus tralia at a lower pricc than the selling price ,j in Great Britain, is not mettinp. with tbe J unanimous approval of members of the Federal Parliament. It U pointed out that the actiou decided upon by the Customs de partment will probably have the effect of increasing the price of wire-netting to a section of primary producers least able to btfar an added burden, as (he quantity of netting made in Aii»tvalui> is not nearly, sufficient to rueftt probable re^ime'tien is: The proposed duty, it is stated, will > far to nullify the bent-lit accruing t-o needy net- \ tiers by the Commonwealth Ministry'sj action last year in making available money I for the purchase of wire-netting f<>r thenii through tbe States. Another factor iuen-j tioned by those opposed to the duly is that"! in Great Britain the demand for wire-net-j ting is .naturally-.-limited, as rabbit-prooi i 'encing is unknown there, and that in"cater-' ing'for tbe export market manufacturers i there are doing a sen-ire to Australian jroducers. Iutra-Kuipire tr.ide relations, it j« further pointed out. are not likely (<. i.it ,li.ed by this latent action of the Com monwealth Customs <lepavtment. The sub jeet will probably bo brought up when Parliament meets. .. Mr. Hassan, who represents the Austra lian IMoat Council, states that the War Office has accepted a Dominion tender for the supply of meat to the Mediterranean force*. Oilicial figures showing the attendance and gate receipts at the Sydney Royal Show demonstrate the steady growth o£ this annual event. The cash receipts from the gates amounted to £4H,5"20, which is i.'0,.T&i; greater than that of the preceding jear, and nearly £12,000 more thau the takings at the show of only three years «»8". A party of 246 new Settlers disembarked at Melbourne on April 28 from the P. and . 0. Branch Jiner Balranald,which come from London. One less than this number had embarked for Victoria, but a birth at sea accounts for (he discrepancy between the oflicial and actual figures. When the steamer left London she curried 57.1 pas senger*, of whom 490* were assisted by the Governments in Australia. There were 98 children. A Stale oflieial recently attributed the | success of the wheat pools in Victoria to the rigid economy which was insisted upon I by those in charge of the operations. Another reason, he paid, was that i»ime-| I diatelv the mouse plague broke "out the then Minister for Agriculture (Mr. flage! thorn) made arrangements for the whole of the railway resources o[ the State to be placed at the disposal of the Wheat Board. In this way infected wheat was Bent promptly to the seaboard, where it Avas subjected to a special cleaning pjocess. (Joulburn Valley farmers may be assisted in their treatment of the red soil by the method* adopted in similar soil in the Wini incra. At Natimuls, Mr. F. Ubergung begins t<> plough his red soil in June to a deptii of .TAin., and harrows as soon sifter as possible. If one harrowing does not break down the soil enough a sccond stroke in given before using the scantier in August to a depth of Sin. A cross-harrowing fol lows, and, if weather permits, a scarifying in September ti> a depth of 2in. to kill the ruVbisli. In all operations the ground must work freely, and must not be too dry. The final operation in the spring in with the scarifier, and sheep arc afterwards relied upon to keep tiie ground clean and con solidate the seed bed. The fallow is worked after any summer rain, and in autiimu after the iirst rain the scarilier is used. Hawing is done with the cultivator-drill, with hal lows attached, at the rate of a bushel and it half of seed and lewt. of super, to the acre. The average return for 1ft years i has been .TO biwhelh per acre. Other dis trict growers use up to "JewI. of fertiliser to the acre. i Pursuant to a request from the Coventor of California ( Mr. ltichardson I, the Depart ment of Agriculture has assumed complete direcHo'i r>f the campaign for the suppres sion v«f the outbreak of foot and mouth disease, and irf concentrating its efforts in California, which is recognised as the most dangerous zone of infection. The Secretary (Mr. AVallaCel has oidercd the chief of bureau of animal husbandry to mobilise the majority of California's veterinary surgeous to devise curative and preventive measures, which will be applic able also throughout the neighbouring States. President Coolidge's invitation to i Western State Governors to confer for the purpose of discussing a imnlificnium of the quarantine restrictions they imposed agaiint fruit and produce shipments from California, seems doomed to failure because the rep]ies< unanimously indicate that quarantine is the only preventive against the spread of the disease from California, and therefore they consider a modification extremely dangerous. Mr. Wallace, iu his '.campaign, will have 1,5W.<>0U dollars (normally £.''00,0001. Mr. Conaiher, the representative of Ycs tey\s meal works, stated that his company had ".,000 cattle on the road lor Queensland markets. All the bores along the stock route from Newcastle 'Waters to Anthony's Lagoon were reported to be out of conuiiis- j sion. Owing to the obstinate arrangements j at the Mataranka telephone office,continued I Mr. Conacher, ihc chief stack inspector | (Mr. Bishop) hud been compelled (orideoii: horseback for 90 miles to send urgent tele grams and receive replies having reference I to the quarantining of travelling stock en route to South'Australia. Owing to the va>tne*n of the distances the work of super vising the*e important matters by pack |".r.se entailed great waste of time. Quaran tine' oflivials, if provided with a motor car, could ovcitake diseased travelling stock in two or1 three days, instead of about a month, as was the case. now. Indeed, super- ; vision and quarantine were practically im- i possible to-day. Large numbers of cattle were moving towards .Wyiidham meat works, totalling probably 35,000 head of stock. Several thousand others were mak ing south to Adelaide,- and serious mor tality had occurred in several mobs passing between Wyeliffc and Taylor's Crossing owing to the eating of a poison plant. The championship wood-chopping c"ou^1 at the Sydney Show was won by aL M McCarthy (N.S.W.), with L. Appo (V/.) second, and P. Kenny (Q.). t urd. 3 ie time was 58 see. His Excellency the <5ovrvnor-Gener al (Lord Forater) presented a gold medal .and sash to McCarthy, who received also the £40 prize. Lord torster was an interested spectator. With the exception of \\\ astern Aus tralia, where the harvests were compara tively small, Victoria is the only (state which showed a profit on tho operations tinder the various wheat pools. Legisla tion is necessary to close the pools, and this will be introduced at an early date in the ! Legislative Assembly. The Wheat Murket I ing (Closing of AccountsJ Bill wll a date after wliiclruo claims arising out ol | the pools will be recognised. Mr John Williamson, of Lochinver, Cari«'brook (V.), the . well-known Hhort horn breeder, was ? given a banquet'by about '200 of his friends in the district at Carisbrook, on April 24. The gathering was promoted to wish bon voyage to ->' ? Williamson, who, with his wife and daughter, is talcing « i'ip to the old country: It is Mr. Williamson's intention to inspect as many shorthorn herds as pos sible in Great Britain, and in all Pro bability- he will bring back, with huu some of the best Scottish or English strains to strengthen his herd. Shorthorn cattlc bred on the Prince ot Wains' ranch near High River, Aili-rta, Canada, brought top prices at a combined live fltock sale in Calgary. One of the | prince's bulla sold for £1 ii, and another 1 for £11,'), while the average tor eight, head offered was £99. The animals are of Scotch ' Shorthorn blood, ami will he used b) theii jmrcliiisers tor breeding purposes. The, Prince sent out Lis first shipment of horses, ,Shorthorn cattle, Shropshire sheep, and Dartmoor ponies two years «go. and since then other shipments have been forwarded to auguieut the studs. 'J liese animals have been exhibited at fairs throughout Wi-slcvn Canada and have carried oil many first prizes. They form the foundation of the studs established by the Prince to raise the standard of Western Canada Jive stock la the introduction of (he best blood from ilie breeding establishments of Ureal Hrilain. The Federal Treasurer (l)r. Page), re plying to representations of DIP chairman and members of the board ol directors of j the Dorrigo Co-operative Dairy Company, J who jinked that legislation should be passed j to assist and make possible the butter stabilisation proposal, said that the Minis try bad already adopted regulations where by ii was hoped that Australian butter would gain more favour, aud ? command higher prices 'on the British market. Through the change that was being insti tuted in the system of marketing they could reasonably expect an advance in prices of at least 8/ to 10/ a cwt, which would mean the distribution of an addi tional £500,000 a yeur among Australian producers. If they could command the same prices as Danish butter, of which the j Australian product was the equal, there i would be a clear £1,000,000 extra. The j dairymen would have to become united be fore the Ministry could seriously consider the proposals which had been placed be fore him. If the dairymen came together, and the Ministry saw that they were try ing to help themselves, the composite party would then be prepared to stake its exist ence as a Government to help them. The potato crops in the Roinsey disliict are exceptionally heavy and free irom diseases, and both individual and the aver age yields will be. greatly in excess of those ordinarily obtained. Mr. J. Live, a leading farmer, has just, completed digging a crop.of Carman No. 2, which has not only yielded remarkably well, but .it has pro lines! tubers of prodigious size. Three of them were" recently seen at llonisey, and tliey weighed 4lb. 14o/.., -lib- 8oz., and -"ilb. respectively. The land was carefully tilled prior to the seed being planted, and thoroughly cultivated afterwards. A section oi the .paddock measuring 'Jl chains by 1 chain is planted with three bags of immature greened seed of Mr. Else's own saving. The tubers were cut and planted with the cut side of the sets down, which. Mr. Use stales, facilitates growth, and .reduce* the number of "nnsW in the crop. From that s.-cti.m six. tons, ov approximately }HJ bags, was dug, and more extraordinary still is the l'att that the majority of the tubers averaged from 2lh. to Silt, in weight, and there were only two bags of "ehatf i» the whole lot. The land on which the t;rop was grown is rich chocolate loam of volcanic origin, which produces potatoes of the pvuhest quality, liomsey has .been designated tlic "seed potato nursery of Vic toria," which, in view 'of (lit* wide demand for stocks, is ail apt appellation. .Scottish live stock journals report that nt the dispersal s-tle of Mr. J. Samson'a Clydesdale stud at Glasgow the stallion Wrumcross Kadiaut, which won the Cawdor Cup ami Brydon Challenge Shield, whena three-year-old, in 1915, lias been purchased for 280 guineas by Mr. W. M. Black, St Coldstream (V.). The bighc-st price, 359 guineas, wis paid for Drumeross Print, by Dunure Footprint. Owing to the danger of the iutroduc-liou into New Zealand of noxious weeds ami animal discuses, regulations have been framed entirely prohibiting the importation of outs, barley, maize, hay, straw, anH chaff from the United States, Queensland, and Western Australia. The itijporlatio'n of these products from other Australian States only with the precedent consent of the Minister for Agriculture is permitted: The championship competition at Glas gow Stallion Show, early in March, prov^l a groat triumph for Mr. J. Kilpatrick'f 'Cniigur Plains stud. His three-year- old 'stallion . Craigie iNJcQtiaid, by t Bonijik Huchlyvie out of ah Everla'stiug'dam,-wou the' Cawdor C'up, the Brydon Challenge Shield, and the championship cup. The rcsene for the Brydou Shield was Mr. A. J. Marshall's Bridgebank Sensation; while Mr. A. M. Montgomery's Beuefae tor, by I'Yvic Sensation, was rc9S2$£ for the other two prizes. The West Australian Minister for Lands (Mr. Angwin'l stated' on April 23 that several families had' been , at the .Immi grants' Home fo;' three weeks or a month wafting to go on group settlemetits. By May 4 .the hoard had to provide for six groups of families, iive of which were not yet in the State, and '23 local applicants. There was a possibility of placing three groups, leaving three groups of immigrants for which the board reported that no suit able blocks could be found within workable distance of existing railways. Notifica tion had been sent to Kugland by the pre vious Ministry to ease off sending families during the winter months, and to cancel berth* by steamers leaving England after April 1"). This might give the board time (o look for land which may be available for group settlement. He was under the im pression that the State had plenty of land, but it appears that there was a possibility of some diihi-ult.v ahead. 4" In his report on the fallow competition of the llupauyui) aud Marnoo District Agricultural Society, the judge, Mr. H. Av Mullett, B.Ag. Sc., Senior Inspector of Agriculture, strikes what may be con sidered a warning nolo regarding the use of tractors for fallowing. "Numerous tractors have been purchased by Wimmera farmers, arid where several teams are em; ployed it looks as if a tractor may be made to replace one. It cannot be said, ?however, thai the stage has been reached ' when the horse can be altogether dis pensed with, because no tractor on the market is an "all-weather* machine. Plough ing and cultivating with a tractor cannot be carried out as effectively as with liorses if it means towing an uncontrollable irn pleuicut behind the tractor driver. . Yet this is what many farmers arc attempting to do. Sitch work must be imperfect, and such imperfections will inevitably be ' reflected in lite yields. Most implements can be modified so that the lovers can be controlled from the tractor, but as vet few have made the necessary modifications. It is hoped that the advent of the tractor will not be signalised by auy serious falling away from the high standard of cultiva tion lor which tho Wimmera is famous. Australia was not alone expressing; disappointment at its failure to participate in recent British meat, contracts. New Zealand's inability to compete successfully for British army orders resulted in repre sentations being made by the New Zea land Meat Producers' Board to the War Office to the effect that more time should be given before tlie closing of tenders to enable copies of the conditions to reach the Dominion by mail. The director of meat contracts replied that, whenever practicable, l.'t wwks were allowed in the case of preserved meal, with a view to meeting the wishes of Dominion tenderers. But in connection with frozen meat the main requirements of the War Otllce were provided imdov hnlf-jearly contracts, the terms of winch remained practically con ??ilanl. A month was usually allowed for She return of irczen meat tenders, which the dircctov considered to be ample, especi ally as New Zealand trade in Kudaiul was largely carried on by London agents. The War Office could not see its way clear to extend the lime for frozen meat tenders beyond one month. The London manager of the Meat Producers' Board advised that tenders which closed in' Loudon recently were in respect of six months' supply foi* Gibraltar, Malta. and Kii.qtt, eompvising tons ot bee! and 2.">.'! tons of mutton, or an . alternative supply for .12 months of ?3,131. ton* "of beet and .">](> tons of mutton. . . 