NATIVE-BORN AMERICANS Professor Brigham is said to have made an exhaustive analysis of the re suits of the mental tests which were carried out in America during the Great War. It is reviewed by an American writer In these terms:-- During the Great War mental tests on a very extensive scale were carried out in the American army, and in 1921 the National Academy of Science pub lithed a memoir reporting the results of an examination of 81,000 native-born Americans, 12,000 foreign-born indivi duals and 23,000 negroes. This report has been carefully analysed by Carl C. Brigham, assistant professor of psy chology in Princeton University, with a view to casting light on the question of comparative racial Jntelligence, and he has just published a work entitled "A Study of American Intelligence," which gives an account of his investi gations in this field. No scientist be fore has ever had such massive and ser viceable material at his disposal and his results are both interesting and valu able, even though not quite conclu s!ve. His statistical analysis indi cates that the various nationalities represented in the American army might be graded in order of in telligence as follows:--Eoglish. Scotch, Dutch, tGferman, American (white men), Danish, Canadian, Swedish, Norwegian, Delgian, Irish Austrian, Turkish, Greek, Russian Italian, Polish, American (coloured). The army tests on which this com parative order of mental merit is based were varied, searching, and thorough, and were designed to measure native in teligence as distinguished from educa tional acquirementa, and many of them were adapted for the completely il literate and for those unable to speak English. So that we may assume that the recruits of the various nativities sooeed on the comparative intellectual level tabo~ated, and that in the Amerl can nation the Scotch and Engliah are the most intellectual and the Poles and negroes the least 'intelligent members of the community. But we must not run into the error of supposing that the results of Professor Brigham's analysis prove that the nations named therefore stand on the 'same relative intellectual level as the recruits they supplied to the American army. It is very possible that the emigrants from various nations are not in equal degree comparable re presentatives of the average intellect ol the nation to which they belong. It is possible, for instance, that the Polish and Swedish emigrants belong to a dif ferent social strata, and that varying economic conditions in varIous countries may raise or lower the average Intel lectual level of their emigrants. In one case only the unintellectual classes may emigrante; in another mainly the intelletual: in another both. In times of pro*perity only the lowest class may be compelled to leave their native land. In ,.times of adversity-as in Central Euriope to-day-emigration may be forced chiefly on the intellectual. While in some countries, such as Scotland and Irelanml, enterprising, energetic, and courageous men bave always sought their fortunes across the seas. We must, therefore, interpret Pro fosseor Brigham's results with a good deal of caution; but it is at least safe to conclude from them that the average American to-day is of lower intelligences than the average English, Scotch, Dutch, and German immigrant-that, the most intelligent races in America to-day come from Northern and the least intelligent from Southern Europe. and that the negro is the least intelligent race of all. It may be even justifiable to conclude that, on the average. the Nordic races have more intelligence than the Alpine and Mediterranean, since all the purer Nordic races come at the top of the list This last conclaston, indeed, Profeesor Brigham does not hesitate to draw, and it is a conclusion of vital importance to the American nation; for immigratlion of late years has been prepofiderantly from the south of Europe, and this nM ponderant immigration of less Intellec tual races must tend to lower the nverage level of American intelligence. In fact, it would appear that average American intelligence Is already doterioratlng, and tion from the north-west of Europe should be specially encouraged. "We must face," writes Profesor Brigham, "a possibility of racial admix turo hero that is infinitely worse than that faced by any Eurolean country to day, for we are incorporating the negro into our racial stock, while all Europe is comparatively free from this taint." According to all evidence available then, Amerlcan intelligence is declining, and will proceed to decline at an ac celerating rate as the racial admixture beomes more and more extensive. The decline of American intelligence will he meore rapid than the decline of the in telligence of European national ,groups?, owing to the presence here of the negro. These are the plain, if somewhat ugly, facts that our study shows, and he goes on to state that even "if immigration were stopped now the decline of Amerif can intelligence would still be inert table." 