SUMMARY. S ""Minter and the French Chamber of 3 3s we discussed the London agree ?ÄtoSÄ»« given by Dr Marx fallen lot r , miser of Deputies after a prolonged These 1 comMence in the Herriot is a substantial majority its midfield Mother election 1 h m Herriot and Dr Marx spoke of the Bo'ness exhibited by Mr Ramsay Mac J'S the London Conference > valley French Minister for War for con son of the Essen factories in s"ale A continue after evacuation of the Ruhr , , man is to be established to assist ; AM AND regarding negotiations ;J;i»rolct.c.tlcSd,s-.dxH.,tigoouS to Bar and the Italian airman has failed to demand from Iceland which he left SA won. the American aviators " "e the, writer believes that Locntelll Bi 'g through the dense fog during the r part of the flight of,. Prince of Wales left Southampton Zone Yengarie on Saturday for his solo tie United States as,..! -one nation is one travelling on the t The" in lil Endellion millionairess Yes i, I d Hi I ci s . . , - "b cm mi of the planet Mars .¿direr nt iii In values has revealed a big revolution) in men's opinions are contradictory It KEMMIS' agreed that radio communication "It Mars has totally failed i cruiser to take the place of HMAS gold, is being sent to Australian waters of the Admiralty) 0,1 to agitation and a threatened mutiny the Greek for the Ministry at Athens has ordered the crews to be paid off The Ministry In Denmark proposes to abolish Hi Danish Navy converting the vessels into bird ships The stoppage in the building trades in Bri till has been settled The men accepted the employers' terms Complaint has been made to the Soviet Government of the British Charged Affaires at Moscow being, continually spied upon The Irish Hep State police are investigate extensive tuit si Indies In which wireless us employed in the final of the lawn tennis doubles of (the Allied Sites the Kinsey brothers beat Patterson and Wood It was a severe (five set match in which the Australians led by two sets to one In the fourth and fifth sets the Australians ririrolnrlv flood fell into errors and the Kin ( s outplayed them Woolley who will visit Australia this year these MCC team played a masterly In arts for Kent against the South Africans lit scored 1 1 runs out of Kent is 355 for the It of five x loops and with Haidiigo added I tuns Albert Jensen a former intel national fire Under the M T C term as a combination of settling promise south Urlci belt the British Rugby Union star In the second test match at Johannes h by 17 points to nil Tail? the centenary of the Parliamen- farm It situations In New South Wales ïf(<wi«lon will be celebrated by a special rail car of the Legislative Council at 3 30 'ylWi at! noon ITcteeor Grafton T Uiott Smith was a passenger by the Niagara on Saturday He intends to ascertain what can be done Is Australia for the study of the Aboriginal I isolation He will also inquire what is being done (on the development of the study of march the bride t house The professor said It was expected that the tomb of Tutankhamen would be reopened In November an examination of the mummy will prob- ally reveal a direct relation with the Tri of rationing is practised by Torres Straits its Iglncs Political and professional jealousy was the the of the squabbles prior to the tomb bsgfloHil by the Egyptian Government Mr W XI Hughes who returned from America on 'Saturday) referred to the Ameri- can be till towards Japanese Immigration Mile seemed to see behind the Japanese Air moors remarks he said the new lateness of a struggle for mastery of the 1 ela Imorein people were likely to be much less affected by any such disturbance that he small community in Australia might the British Government had de against the Singapore base he thought as circumstances would prove too strong I; It " trade relations between Australia and ra lia etc to be improved well directed WM di as needs ary Wer an absence of two years Sir Keith « Mr led to Australia by the Masai a on and j i e iii that i c client had been sign "!; an airship service between England in India, 3 6 2 e c and he established between Gwalia and London and the journey could is one In do do S F Jones Queensland Minister for Mines, ;,A6UJ0lt late Agent General for Tas £3 returned by) the Niagara on Hiitui Ball! expressed the opinion that the celotex Mary should be established in Australia them proved to be the case it would to Austral "B "' may ,ull,ltmB of P01"1'18 within an anniversary service of St air ««T"* Clwrcn Pyrmont on Saturn "I Kiln memorials were dedicated as conversed a maple reredos, an oak Km. ?' is a brass tablet recording T names of the section and a brass ever A conference of militants on Saturday de one Labour movements ^'"'»«'tloiiaiy goal is adopted, by the ss action of the workers faith in the tpltalUt system ,ihne,ll,m seen is the establishment of a minute society) through he dictatorship 811 Proletariat n,i!ir.Le>.Mlulster for Justice, opened a new ,"' "school building at Dumbleton, near sailing on Saturday afternoon German pianos were imported into Aus- "22 last year at the rate of 100 a month CaSH. to the "'matter for Trade and still it, Australian manufacturers cannot mother Present abnormal demand 'I Camperdown on Saturday A. r Tholen sion ", else was shot dead by the 01 vision of a pistol he was examining. ÄÄ"!.0" has been restarted for the war the Simons Union of the liner maritime unions »inbX^ff^11 races the handicap was th Lachlan Heimeildo was second to third and Mlrtumaker dead-heated NThe ,C.",iln^rd Mile, Prince Woorak is Natal wÜa°s0ß?hl?dUd heated for first AMfSS.1]',,'01??4,. Cabinets Rowing braces no Glebe Club by two shal w races at Blackwattle Bay on Saturday. successful in retaining the title. by °ïvEestmG"rSlnea Saturday business In ^^'sÄC,^ Stock EI **m£ATla* Share market was *i|îir,raainl7nrtaïin "morally and unsettled has i r he south 8tlI«âeveIoping. but l»älatero\,cnd|nL^nCrn sierras of feet. the one in the ° central area Tem PM "One "case Minority eastern quarter a new index appear on page. 16, 