RURAL DENMARK LESSONS FOR AUSTRALIA. The example afforded by Denmark, ;n farmi'mr. agricultural education and co- operation, to Australia, in common with other countries, is emphasised bj; Mr. Tate, Director of Education, Victoria, in his pamphlet, "Some Les- sons from Rural Denmark." This ..".iinMet. which is entitled to con- sideration and study by all farmers, embodies the results of ob «c'-vations made hy Mr. Tate during his visit to Europe last year. he shows how the people of Denmark, spurred hy the disaster of Schleswig Holstein, set themselves to develop their remaining territory-to win from the soil the highest profits'; and how. by the application of science, by cdu-' cation, by co-operation, and supreme- ly .through patriotism, they built up the prosperity of their little country. The Danes may have seemed to have too little land: They have proved that they have a sufficiency under in- tensive cultivation-not merelv to sitnnort their people, but by their ex- ports of high-class products to win u ea I th from abroad. There is no fae! in Danish life. Mr. Tate observes, which strikes the ob- server more than their capacity for team work. When it comes to the question of a reform about which the people have thought, and have arrived at the conclusion that they need, there is no time lost in putting if into activity. To think among Danish folk is to act. lt was no doubt the widespread practice of co-operaAion which showed the rural people How to make their influence effective in the counsels of the nation,' as it was, no doubt, the mental and moral dis r:r>l¡'i»> of active co-operation which , fitted their leaders for public life. For at the root of all true co-operation national effort must bee the under- standing of what the individual owes to the community, the feeling of con (.">, ,"..; and trust in others, and thc will to come together in common un ia,.iiife.-> tinner which the whole community, and through that the individual also, are served. The higher education of rural workers in Den- mark has: been consciously directed tor years towards producing thc re- sults .achieved. Danish rural educa- tion has- realised that the human elev ment in rural industry is all-import- ant. and that true education must bc intimately related to the whole of life, and not merely to that part ot bte concerned with wage earning. To those disposed to look askance at an idealistic scheme of rural education, Mr. Tate- points ont that during 1921 eht value of dairy produce exported by Denmark to Great Britain alone was i37.469.982; and this from a coun- try _!ess than one-fifth the size ot Vie- ri-m't with a population of about 3,000,000. uuniuark is unprotected from, the chilly x winds from the north-west in thc long winter season. Thc soil is on thc whole light and in many paris distinctly poor. Moors, swamps and peat, bogs cover about 600 spuarc miles uf the little kingdom, and thc climate is raw and inhospitable for a great part of the year. The wonderful re- cord of Denmark in farm production . t ''ne t-> fertility of soil or gen- iality of climate, but is due rather to gu...H . .er human mater- ial. Her people «lave shown what dil be uone u.v steady industry, rein- forced by developed intelligence' and patriotism, and directed by -scientific and lnuiness capacity: When in 1864 Germany wrested from her the two rich southern provinces of Schleswig Holstein, Denmark gamely set about, recovering more territory irom her sand dunes, heath land and bogs. Soou she had reclaimed an area com- parable- with what shu had lost to her -victorious, enemy. In the arrangements for providing rural education, Den- mark alfords thc greatest interest to j ,the educational inquirer. There is nu doubt in the mind ot tne Danes that their agricultural prosperity has been assisted by the work of their rural schools,, and' chiefly by the adult' schools known as tue People s tiigli Schools- and the People's Agricultural Schools. Education in Denmark1 ¡ii compulsory tfor. all. children , between .-even' and fourteen "years of age, and '.he course of study m rural schools is ? similar in' subjects to that ' prescrib kU ut Victoria. V' ' i The agricultural population in Den- mark numbers about 500.000 heads of households-, of whom 172,000 are em Ipoyers. There are about 70,000 farm- ers and peasants, arid- about 100,000 , small holders, and there-are a large j number- of agricultural laborers with j small holdings or allotments. Thc J ;{a,rm*vs| peasants and sfiftH holders ' ' " * ' ' "'^'\ V ' ' ;" are member» of the co-operative so- cieties, except in thc case of the co- operative supply stores, of which many servants and laborers are also mem- bers, and the co-operative dairy so- cieties, in which many agricultural laborers with small holdings and'with one or two cows are also enlcrested, Thc genius of »he Danes for wise and profitable co-operation is shown ad- mirably of thc egg industry, one of Denmark's great staples, lu this or- ganisation, as in general improve: tnems in the agricultural and dairying work of the people. Mr. Tate finds that school master* played an import- ant part. The value or the eggs ex- ported from Denmark to thu United Kingdom in 1921 W33 ¿5,455.37,1.- Thu number of fowls kept on 16th July. 1923,- was' 20,000,000. Tu building up 'this export trade two fundamental I principles were kept stcadilym view the maintenance of an excellent stan- dard in the .quality and appearance of the eggs, and full provision for con- tinuous forwarding*, so that, the mar- ket once made should not be lost, even temporarily. These' two requirements necessitated complete V organisation aiuung thc producers .and. firm hand ling ol' careless and dishonest sup- pliers. Mr. Tate observes that Denmark has every year a small excess of train- ed agricultural laborers. Thc move- ment oí these migrants is invariably towards America. He urges their at- tention to Australia, for he cannot imagine a better class of immigrant for our rural districts, especially our dairying districts, than these practi acliy trained, industrious and thrifty i Danes. 