TOPICS OF THE .DAY. Down With Pedestrians. Tho person who cannot afford to buy a, motor car has no claim to citizenship. Ho is a mean white. Mr. Boyd Edkins, tho motor-car agent, attributes most of the ac cidents to liquor and carelessness, particu larly on the part of pedestrians. Motor ists sava1 thousands of lives daily in thi3 city, says Mr. Edkins. Shame on them! Of course, it must not be overlooked that some of these pedestrians may one day be rich enough to buy a car, and so provide a crust for the motor agent; but the great majority are people who would never be missed by .Rolls r.or Royce. A few days ago Mr. Edkins expressed the opinion that a car could hardly be considered as going too fast on a public road unless it exceed ed 40 miles an hour. If it could be so ar ranged that when a. fatal car accident be comes inevitable, the driver would be the first victim, we might be induced to accept that view. But, as things go, we prefer to be on the side of the deaf, the crippled, :uul the poor, who are at a disadvantage when thej* come across a hog in a motor car. # * * # Emancipating Women. A great sensation has been caused in Turkey by the passing of ji law which per mits women to sit next to men in trains, trams, and other public vehicles. Formerly they had 1o enter a special compartment screened even from the evening papers' cub reporters. The Turks little know what they are doing. In a year or two they will find the women and flappers monopolising all the smoking compartments in the hope of sitting next to a nice man. And when ever the trains are crowded, tlie travelling Avo'nan will carefully pick on a. compart ment occupied chiefly by men, in the hope that some man will stand up and give her his so:it. Now that the Turkish rational ists arc questioning the wisdom of Maho met in regard to the segregation of women, we expect to hoar shortly that a law lias been passed repealing Mahomet 'h exclusion (if the sex from heaven. w w w w Preference to City People. It is difficult to understand the principle nn which the 'Railway Commissioners act when they proclaim a zone for excursion ists. Why can a. person travel to Orange at a cheap rate, but not to Dubbo; to Gnulburn, but not to Yass? One can quite understand special r;;tes b'.'ing charged ta Mountain resorts or bathing places; but these rates should be based on mileage, and the citizen from Condobolin. Albury, or Tenterfield should get the same concession as the city resident. The mystery of pre ferential rates is one which lias never been explained, though every holiday time it is questioned. We aie quite used to the con temptuous treatment given to our com plaints by tlie .steamship companies and the ferry'coinpanies, but surely we are en titled to an answer from our own State R.nilwav Commissioners! ' * ? ? ? Yarns That Conflict. The secretary of the Theatrical Em ployees' Association says that tlie em ployees of tlie Fuller-Ward Company are discontented with the firm, and Mr. .lolin Fuller says they are perfectly contented, and have no complaints. Somebody must he telling a falsehood. The secretary ap parentlv wants his union to strike; but he is overlooking the fact that theatrical slums are n -t a necessity, ami there will lie no public sympathy with one side or the other. Fie accuses the firm of evading the award; but if that charge be true, the remedy is to be found not in a strike, but. in the Industrial Court. There are sonic union secretaries who would not .be happy if they could not arrange at least one strike a year; but there are others, like our shrewd friend. George Waite, who can Set a fair de:il for* his members without blustering or threatening. It is all a mat ter of commons* nse and experience. ? ? ? ? America on Bruce. The 'Xew Republic' has some reflec tions on tlie policy of our Prime Minister. Tt says: The sentiment for imperial prefer ence 'expressed by Premier P.ruee for Aus-, tiiilia has no doubt considerable strength in the self-governing dominions. They pos sess iuiinense natural resources which need assured markets. The dominions could, within a decade, supply England with all the wheat and meat she needs, and even the breaking of the American cotton mono poly is no mere dream. Cotton culture has pro'ved profitable both in South Africa and in Australia. It i:; expanding rapidly. The oil resources within the boundaries of the Empire are immense. There is no rci! reason why England should continue lo;ig To draw on the American slocks. The Em pire is not rich in copper, but it has hII the other mineials it requires. The natu ral basis for imperial self-sufficiency is sound, and it is no wonder that the morn imperial-minded of the inhabitants of tn.1 Empire shoi.ld advocate policies Ui;i-. might make for economic independence. * ? ♦ * The Other Side. ft if- a question, however, continue.'! the American journal, whether a far- seeing Eng lish statesman would feel saf* in entering upon «uch 'a policy. It would arouse the antagonism of the' United Sfites. Prefer . eiices granted to English trade are discri inieations against American, and the chief reason why America has nof been gravely concerned over the expansion of the Bri tish Empire is that the traditional British policy h.'n made few ' discriminations against Americans. England' might be wil ling to draw farther away from America if imperial self -sufficiency actually gave her economic security. It cannot give that. The submarine and the aeroplane menace her communications with her colonies as seri ously as her communications with foreign nations. In the world ns it is England needs friends more than she needs closer economic relations with her colonies. And friends are not to be won or kept by a, policy of economic imperialism. « « * ? Immigrant Types. While numbers of Australians, includ ing many returned soldiers, are daily swell ing the ranks of the unemployed, with consequent want and misery to their near est and dearest, it is with mixed feelings that we read in the columns of a Melbourne daily such an appeal as the following by a recent arrival from London: 'It is easy to criticise these English folk. Ad mittedly, some of them are a bit rough. Remember, that some of them never knew anything but a foul slum, and scarcely ever saw a blade of grass. The trees they knew were smoke grimed, and the sky, so blue in this wonderful land, was obscured by the foul vapours of factory chimneys. The sight of the long low Australian shores and the golden sunshine, goes like wine to their heads. They cannot help an exuber ance of spirits which the unthinking deem rough and uncouth.' One new arrival brought out by the Salvation Army ex pressed himself thus when asked his opin ion of Australia: 'Topping, governor; rip pin' grub; shovin' 'arness on real 'osfies; makin' gates and posts, and learnin' 'ow to plough. Shan't I swank 'it when I get my KiO acres. Better '11 runnin. ' legs 0' unit ton round 'Ounslow for fifteen and a kick, and no overtime.' \- ? ? ? Butter Export Bungled. Mr. A. Wilson, who is visiting Australia as a representative of the London and N'.E. Railway, says that Australian butter ex porters are bungling the trade. 'Australian butter,' he says, 'is of very high qual ity, and in my opinion not one householder in a thousand could distinguish any dif feerncc between best Australian and best Danish. Yet the average wholesale price in London is at least £10 a ton less for Australian than for Danish. Australian but ter is sold mainly to blenders, and straight away loses its identity. It is not sold retail as Australian, and no 'goodwill' has been built up. It is practically unknown to the bulk of the British public. There are more than :*0,000,(K-0 people in Great Britain away from tlw London distributive area. They cannot be reached economically via London, but no real attempt has yet been made to supply this huge market with Australian butter. The oversea freight to Hull and other northern norts is t1n- K!mw- :i« tn Tifiii «!oii, and there are at least 100 steamers a year loading in Australian ports for Hull di rect, but the butter people still concentrate on London. Small and spasmodic, consign ments are railed north, but the extra handl ing and transport costs preclude profitable sales. ' ' ? ? ? 9 Industrial Scholarships in Queensland. Since Labour took over the reins of Go vernment here, says our Brisbane corres pondent, the manner in which the interests of the farmer have been looked after, has been an eye-opener to those who forecasted dire calamity for the Slate, and the special treatment of the industrial classes at the expense of all other sections. The latest is that the Government has decided to pro vide three travelling scholarships, each of the value of £.'500 a year, and tenable for four years, open to general competition. It is the tirst practical step towards the con junction of the scientific training of the University with the agricultural industry. Preference may be given to students of the Queensland University who have ob tained the Bachelors' Degree in Science. The suggestion was first made by Chief Justice McCawley, who is a member of the Senate of the University, and the proposal has been accepted by the Government, on the advice of the University authorities, the Public Service Commissioner, the Central Sugar Cane Prices Board, the Council of Agriculture, the Australian Sugar Produ cers' Association, the United Cane Grow ers' Association, the Director of Sugar Ex periment Stations, and the general manager of the Sugar Bureau. One scholarship would be for sugar engineering and chem istry, one for plant pathology, and one for soil problems. The holders of the scholarships would have to devote them selves for the first year to studying the sugar industry in Queensland, and there after would proceed for training and work to such places and institutions abroad, as the Minister for Agriculture might decide. The cost of the passage to and from the place chosen abroad would be paid to the holder of the scholarship, and, of course, there would be the value of the scholarship, £.300 a year, in addition. .Vo other tra velling expenses or allowances would be made. Each scholarship-holder would also be required to siyn an undertaking to en ter at the expiration of the scholarship into the employment of the Department of Agriculture, on work pertaining to tk' sugar industry for at least four 'years in any part of the State with remuneration at the rate of not less than £300 a year. There will yet be some details to arrange. These wii! he taken in hand immediately, and a formal announcement made, calling for ap plications from those who wished to com pete for the scholarships. A decision would be made on the recommendation of the chairman of the Faculty of Science of the University, the Public Service Com missioner, and the Director of Sugar Experi ment stations. 