DANES AS IMMIGRANTS. PROPOSAL TO NEW SETTLERS' LEAGUE. Tho possibilities of Denmark ns a re cruiting ground fov fcUlcvs were developed by Mr. J. Lying in an addrcpf* lie deliv ered at tho State Council meeting of the New Settlers' League, in thc Town Hall yesterday, Mr. Lyng is bimselt a native of Denmark, but migrated to 'Victoria Iii years ago.' On his return to Denmark hist year he found that as a result of in leuse culture large iamnies were living ; well on lo acres of land. In hip address lie expressed the opinion that it would be in the interests of Victoria to make iiu effort at drawing some of the .Danish emigrants, who now go to America. His reasons were thc close racial kinship between the British and the Danes, cer tain mental characteristics peculiar to thc Danes which mAde them desirable colonists, and their acknowledged skill in agriculture. Assuming that, there was a desire on the part of Victoria to obtain Danish farmers, Mr. Lyng suggested a Danish settlement; of 30 young farmer eouplcs, who should be drawn from the son.- and daughters of the small holders. To get these people their passage money -hou!d be paid, and they should pay for the laud, houses, implements and stock on a phd ing. scab*. The progress of such a settlement would be followed by people in Denmark with keen interest, aud ultimately a certain number of young farmers would arrive annually al their own risk. In conclusion, be slated that Mr. Tloldcnson. consul for Denmark, was the principal owner of an area of between 4000 and 5000 acres in the bwan lull dis trict. If the Departments of Irrigation and AVater Supply were of the opinion that it could bo successfully irrigated, Mr. Tloldenson was prepared to collabor ate with tho Government, or, as an alter native, with a private company, ior Die purpose of establishing a Danish settle ment. Ti the land referred to was un suitable. it should not be difficult to iind suitable land elsewhere. Thc Lord Mayor, who was chairman of the gathering, said he thought tiie sug gestion should be followed up. The Danes were good colonisers, and would make desirable immigrants. Tho question of alien immigration was involved, and it; would necessitate deputations to the Fede ral Government. On his motion, seconded by Mr. Merrill, the question was referred to the executive. 