EUROPE TO-DAY. The Influence of Race. Not long before the war (writes Dean Inge in the London "Morning Post"), the renegade Englishman, Houston Chamber-<*> lain, developed for the edification of the Kaiser and his subjects a theory that nearly all the great men of history, inchid ing the Founder of Christianity, belonged 1;o th** Nordic race, a breed of Hijiermec represented by the Germans and Scandi navians, and. with some dilution, by the English. Anyone who knows the physical characteristics of the three strains which make ?;i the population of Europe can fee for himself that the Germiins are not NoiTiicf. but a mixed race in which the stocky, round- headed Alpine breed ??redo mina-e.-. The purest Nordics arc to be found iv Sweden: next to the Swedes in racial purity come the Norwegians, Danes, Dutch, and English. Elsewhere the Nor ' dies are an aristosratii: type, differing markedly from the masses, especially in the towns. Ha* the Nordic race the superiority which has been claimed for it.' And are racial differences, apart from naticuali;:-"- a very important factor in European "history - Race aud national-tv ate quite different things. The only de finition of a nation is a Ur/tc group of people who wish to beloijg together. The French, for example, are intensely national, but racially they belong to three different stocks. Mr. L/oihrop Stoddard, who is well known as a prophet of racialism in. the interpre tation ni history,, has lately put his theory to the test by .visiting almost every coun try iv Europe, and has given his experi ence to the world in a brilliaut and ex tremely interesting book called "Racial Realities in Europe." It is, of course, a defence of J. particular theory, which may be only one of several keys for unlocking the mysteries of national life; but I can not doiibt that the author has opened -oat a very fruitful lire of study, and that the philosophy o_ history will in the future have to nay more attention to th-; factor o! race than it has done hitherto. The Three Races. The maiu facte of race distriLutiin are well known, and there is ao longer any serious difference of opinion among ex perts. Europe contains two long-headed races, the Nordics and the Mediterraneans, and one round-headed race, the Alpines. .The Nordic is tall and fair; the Mediter ranean shorter and more slenderly built; his hair and eyes are dark, his skin olive, or swarthy. The Alpine is broad and sturdy, clumsily made, and usually dark- The Swedes, Spaniards, and K-Bsituis -sup ply typical examples of these three types; though we must not select an a*-__o_ratic Km_ia_i, who may be a pure _*ordic, nor the MongoUsed type. *£jj,ich is very com mon, as an impolit^proverb about scratch ing a Russian and <**-.?*'?_- _ Tartar in dicates. Differences of mind and temperament are as well marked as variations in hei-dit, figure, and color. The Mediterranea-i is emotional, passionate, wanting in tenacity. He is sociable, but -undisciplined, aud rarely founds a stable or strong govern ment except under Nordic leadership. Be excels in the arts, and in the joy of liv ing. From various causes, the Mediter raneans of to-day are racially _n]"-overi**hed, and are sometimes, as in Portugal and South Ireland, of very poor quality. The Alpines are the typical peasants, sturdy, tenacious, .stolid, and -___nagics tive. They are not warlike, but have a gift for peaceful penetration, soaking in among Medrterranean populations and -sup planting them. The "Sprdics have con quered them, bnt have gradually been -ab sorbed by their dogged subjects. In Ger many the Alnines have spread al the ex pense of the Nordics, j-j France at tbe ?*-> npnse of the Mediterraneans. Both cour. tries are now predominantly round- headed. The ruling class in an Aloine nopuiation is seldom of the sajne breed as the ruled. The Nordics. The Nordics are essentially a northern race. They are diE-tingjiishejl by ?a rest less creative energy, which carried them far to the south and east of their homes. The Aryan conquerors of India, Homer's Achaeans, the ruling class in ancient Rome, the Franks and Normans, were all Nordics. To-day then* chief nope of racial predominance lies in the United States and in tbe British Dominions. The Ame ricans have resolved, just in time, that they -will not allow themselves to be swamped by alien immigrants. The Nor dic has political ability, and is too sensi tive of his personal rights to lo!_rstc tyranny. Towards other races he is proud and exclusive; he will not wuTngly mix. his blood with theirs. He loves good living, and is therefore a, high -standard' man—a doubtful advantage for his 6uivi val value. The Nordic is also penalised by his fighting qualities. In every w.tr he is tiie first to volunteer end the first to fall. Every great war has -dhniniEhcd the Nordic stock. Kindred Britain. Mr. Stoddard _ theory inak-Js him a good friend to Britain. He wour.io*-s Jiat we are a very homogeneous ..anon, f-ince the Alpine roundheads are not represented in our population. This is The more curious, because there was once a round headed race in Britain, who buriei their dead in round barrows; but they eecm to have died out, after leaving (according to one theory, the eo-caUed Celtic langu age behind them. The British, before the tng'ish conquest, he regards as pure Me diterraneans, who. made their way far north of their usual limit, te-__W hy the mildness of our climate. To nis, however, it seems probable that these Mediterranean invaders mingled with an earlier Neolithic stock, of which nothing is known. The island was inhabited before the <*o-_i-*g of the Mediterraneans; and the non-Nordic part 6 of the population, such a£ the Welsh, are surely .different from the pure Sou therners, sturdier in build, and unlike in feature. The Nordic invaders, mduding the Normans, were all of kindred race, and fused readily with each otheir. The homogeneity of our people is a. great safeguard against revolution. A foreigner is struck with the quiet, temperate way iv which political possibilities are discussed here. Nobody seriously believes that a revolution in England is probable. "The British working man," Mr. Stoddard think., "is about the -poorest matt—-ial for a red revolution that can oe imagined- 7* lie also finds abundance of coolness and common sense, which he regards as Nor dic qualities, in the English character. "Englishmen rarely waste tim _ spinning elaborate logical theories of what may happen in the future. Instead, they look at what is happening in the present, sec what is amiss, get after it, and keep their eye on the ball. This is why in the long run they usually come out on top." Our American friend noticed, when be went to France, the almost universal dis position to belittle England, io deny out achievements, and to predict our downfall. It is very much like what the Germans did before the war. A German once ex claimed indignantly, "Why do you Eng lish all look such fools? Yon" deceived us entirely: it was not fair."' The French ought to know us better, after fighting by our side; but it appears that they do net. The situation is serious, because we ore grappling with gigantic difficulties, from which no way of escape is yet visible. But Mr. Stoddard found that few English men d-jjibtcd that we shall win through somehow. 1 entirely ag-ee with the author's un stinted adipiration of the three Scandi navian nation.. He notices the far-seeing wisdom which prevented the Swedes from declaring war npon seceding Norway, a war which would have left both at the mercy of llussi.-.; the moderation of the Danes in claiming only the purely Danish pa*t of Schlc.iwig-Hoistein, and their good untitled concession of anion-—ny to the nfI.UOO inhabitants of Ireland; aud lastly l!ic prudent statc**_ian-*hip of the Swedes in not takiug the purcir Swedish Alf-nd Islands from Finland. They knew that a i"rii*nd!v Finland mi-*'-! be very nseiii! to them iv the i*ntu*e. 