BUBAL TOPICS. The recent showers brought little relief to the Northern Mallee wheat districts; j but, while broken weather prevails there is ] always hope of a general downpour. The j position is uot so acuto as far as the wheat j crops in the Mallee are. concerned, since. they are holding out well;' but feed for sheep is very scarce, and the crops are not forward enough to permit the feeding off with safety. Nice showers .were received, in the Goulburn Valley and Rivertna, and prospects arc favourable for a good harvest. In the Wimmcra only light, hut still help ful, rains were received. Eastern Gipps land and the Western district, where rain was needed, registered good soaking falls. The Western Australian Minister for Agriculturo (Mr. Troy) stated on July 29 that if satisfactory arrangements could be made the Ministry was prepared to associate itself with the Federal Ministry in a reasonable guarantee for a wheat pool for the com ing harvest. The State Ministry pro posed to submit proposals which would he subject to certain conditions to safeguard the interests of the community generally. He understood that the South Australian Labour Ministry was making a similar pro posal to the Commonwealth Ministry. Mr. James Murray, of Tarn, Warrnam bool, every year, for the 10 years prior to 1023, top-dressed bis pasture land. He buys stores to fatten for market, and the large drafts turned off his property of 600 acres, attracted the attention of other graziers. Among those who followed his example was Mr. W. Lindsay, Union Sta tion, Woolstliorpe, who, starting with 150 acres, increased his area for yearly appli cation of fertilisers to 2,400 acres in 1823. The marked features of the improvement of pastures have been the luxuriant growth of trefoils, such .-is Subterranean clover, and the spread of English rye-grass and other good grasses. Not only has the carrying capacity of the land been in creased, but tlie sheep are stronger and shear better weights. It was announced last week that the amount of money to lie allocated by the Country ltoads Hoard duving the c-oiniug financial year is £500,000, an crease on the amount allocated last year of £100,000. The amount is the largest] that has been allotted in any year for main road maintenance. Last year the amount spent on maintenance was £343,000. The increased allotment lias been made possible by the larger contri butions by municipal councils and the in creased receipts from the registration of motor vehicles. In an endeavour to ob tain employment for as many men as pos sible in country districts, the Minister for Public Works (Mr. Jones) has in structed the Country Roads Board to ask the mayors and presidents of municipali ties to call special meetings of their re spective councils, with the object of ar ranging for road works to be begun as | early as possible. In an address to members of the Millions | Club, Mr. H. II. Cohen outlined the possi bility of opening up Australian trade with China. He said that he had investigated the position in China, and was able to say that the prospects of trade were almost illimiutable. He knew what it meant to Australia. Shanghai was the wonder city of Asia, and within the next 10 years would be one of the world's greatest markets. Before going to China to reside two or three years ago lie made one of a deputa tion from the Melbourne Chamber of Com merce to the then Minister for Customs (Mr. Austin Chapman) on the subject of opening up shipping facilities with that country. Mr. Chapman promised that the Federal Ministry would open up ship ping facilities very soon, and on the strength of that promiso lie (Mr. Cohen) proceeded to China to opeu up premises. He remained there 14 months, but the ship ping did not arrive. Now he was back lu Australia to fight the matter out. It was sometimes thought that Cliina was a poverty-stricken country, but it was not. There was poverty there, of course, but there was an immense proportion of well to-do people who could afford to buy Aus tralian produce, aud would be glad to do so. (N.Z.) the Colonial Sugar Refining Company has announced a re duction of £3 a ton upon all grades of sugar. [ Addressing a meeting nt the Farmers' Club in London, n Canadian expert said that the cost of wheat production per acre m (he Dominion ranged from 54/2 in parts of Saskatchewan to 97/0 in parts of Al berta, The cost per bushel ranged be tween 2/5 and 5/9. The,average valuo of animals in 1923 was:—Horses, £14; dairv cows, £10/9/; other cattle, £5/16/; sheep', 35/7; and pigs, 53/4. . The better-farming train to bo run through Gippsland in October next will have models of silos, and an expert will explain the details of turning green fodder into ensilage. The best types of several breeds of cattle, aud of pigs, will'be exlii bited as well as dairy utensils and concen trated food stuffs. Demonstrations of iuilk testing will be carried out, and the hand ling of separators to secure the beat re sults. The Western Australian Minister for Lands and Immigration (Mr. Aagwin) stated on July 29 that of 1,369 migrates ou group settlements, 253 left their holdings and 11 were dismissed. Of West Austra lians placed ou the land before September i 9, 1922, 212 were former soldiers; 145 of; theso left, and 13 were dismissed. The civilians numbered 399, and 181 of these left. Further figures showed that 253 former Imperial Army men were settled, 121 left, and 20 were dismissed. Out of 30; English civilians, 17 left, and three were dismissed. Mr. J. A. Beatlie, of Cisborne Park,! Gisborne, breeder of Hereford cattle, and member of the council of the Royal Agricultural Society, has purehasod tbei Billenbali estate near Narrandera j (N.S.W.) At a social ening, Councillor] Bcattie was presented with an illuminated address and an album by adherents of the Presbyterian Church, of which lie was secretary for 22 years. Mrs. Beattie was presented with a Korean brass plato and Chineso handw orked tray-cloth. Public I bodies have shown their appreciation ofj Councillor Beattie's services to the district) by presenting him with souvenirs. Figures showing the production in Aus tralia for the year 1922-23 have been issued by the Commonwealth Statistician (Mr. G. II. Wickciis). The value of the output from all recorded industries was £382,208,000, or £67/17/ a head of popula tion. More than 16,500,000 acres of land was placed under crop, and the value of the harvest was £84,182,501. an average of £5/1/9 an acre. About 70 per cent, of the crop was wheat. Owing to the dry weather, decreases in the numbers of ail classes of live stock were recorded. More than 14,800,000 sheep and lambs, 1,907,000 eattlc, and 1,105,000 pigs were slaughtered. The value of .pastoral products was £91,474,990; wool contributing £49,015,500. In a letter received by the Premier (Mr. Prendergast) from Mr. Pennington) M.L.A., the A ietorian representative at the British Empire Exhibition at Wembley, complaints arc made concerning the Vic torian fruit and meat displays at the exhi bition. Mr. Pennington says that the fruit display is unsatisfactory in regard to its quality aud the prices charged for the fruit, and the meat and poultry- sections of the refrigerator exhibit are not creditable. Poultry and game arrived from Victoria in nn inferior condition and of a bad colour. Mr. Prendergast said on July 30 that he had directed the attention of the Minister for Markets (Mr. llogan) to the complaints. All that was possible would be done to prevent inferior products leav ing the State, and thus causing injury to primary producers. The Minister for Home and Territories (Senator Pearoe) announced on August 2, that the following had been appointed* members of the Land Board constituted under the recently enacted Northern Terri t°ry Crown Lands Ordinance:—Messrs. William Robert Easton (chairman), Walter W ynne Y\ illiams (deputy chairman), and M illiain Banks Ifieks. All three have had extensive experience in lands administra tion, and Messrs. Easton and Williams arc leturned soldiers. Mr. Easton has for several years been employed by tlie Depart ment of Lauds and .Surveys, Western Aus tralia, as inspector of pastoral leases and pastoral appraiser, and in that capacity he dealt with classifications aud appraise ments of the whole of the pastoral lands of Western Australia, He lias personally classified, appraised, and valued the im provements of the Kimberley stations, con sisting of many millions of acres, besides having travelled over most of the other stations in Western Australia. He has recently been engaged aft land member of a committee appointed to investigate and report on the lands between Wyndham and the Northern Territory bolder: The attention of breeders of British Large Black swine is directed to' an omis sion in the prize schedule for this year's Royal show. Classes 407 and 408, for boar and spw of any age, are included- for ewiue [ of this breed, but when the schedule was being printed the heading was inadver tently dropped out by the printer. It has been decided by thte Stale Rivers nnd Water Supply Commission, as a mea sure of help to fruitgrowers, to defer the collection of water and land charges for the 1925 crop. In the meantime the com mission will continue to supply water for the irrigation of holdings. The State Ministry is also prepared to confer with the Federal Ministry for the purpose of assisting growers in the marketing of dried fruits. Australian and New Zealand delegates attended ft conference at Wembley on agri cultural co-operation within the Empire. The Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Buxton), who presided, said that the British Minis try had recently allotted £200,000 for i-he; purpose, of loans to co-operative enterprises engaged in the preparation and marketing of agricultural products- Mr. A. McArthur, of New South Wales, said that when he returned to Australia he intended to urge that they must open shops in England. Mr. S. U. Black, of Victoria, also spoke. In accordance with the terms of the con tract entered into between millers and the Victorian Wheatgrowers' Corporation Ltd., the board of the pool on' August I fixed the price of wheat that millers shall pay for their August quota of supplies for home consumption flour needs. It was decided to fix the quotation at C/6 a bushel Mel bourne basis. Tbis rale compares with 5/5 a bushel for the July portion of millers' requirements, thus disclosing the substan tial increase that has taken place in the price of wheat as the outcome of adverse crop prospects in Canada. Mr. Justice Schutt in the Practice Court on August 1 announced tlmt the action by Frederick Ba'rdslcy, of Carlyon's Hotel, Spencer street, against the Commonwealth Covcrnmcut and tho Central Wool Com-1 mittee would be taken on September 15, subject to any part-heard case. He had consulted the Acting Chief Justice (Sir Leo Cussen), and tho action would be heard by one judge. It had been found impracticable to have the matter deter mined by three judges. Arrangements would probably be made for the hearing of the originating summons at the same time, or thereabouts. Mr. W. B. Wilkinson, who arrived in Melbourne from Sydney by the Zealaudia on August 4, lias recently been appointed to the staff of the Eastern Traders Ltd., and lias come on business in connection with the marine section of the organisation. He is planning visits to all the chief ports of Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, and will leave for tho East early in the new year. According to Mr. Wilkinson, one of the principal aims of the company is to make popular Australian products in the East by means of a vigorous pub licity campaign, and it is expected that within nine mouths six vessels will be operating between all ports of Australia and the East. According to a statement laid on the table of the House o£ Representatives on August 1, subsidies amounting to £140,532 were paid during 1923 in respect to frozen beef, canned beef, and live cattle exported. The greatest proportion of this amount was paid in Queensland, which received £120,558, as follows: — Frozen beef. £113,203; canned beef, £5,847; and live cattie, £1,507. The distribution in other States was as follows:—Western Australia. —Frozen beef, £10,723; live cattle, £2,125: total, £12,848. New South Wales.—Frozen beef, £1,897; enuued beef, £3,125; total, £5,023. Victoria.— £1,169 and £559; total, £1,728. South Australia. — Frozen beef, £374. Of the total amount paid throughout (lie Commonwealth £ 127,307 was for frozen beef. £9,532 for canned beef, and £3,632 for live cattle. Ill nn endeavour to obtain llie removal j of boxthorn from (lie list of noxious weeds! for portion of llie Western disiriot. a dopu-| tation, represening (lie Colae Sliire Council, j waited on the Minister tor Lands (Mr. Bailey) on July 30. The portion of the district in respect of which the *«-| quest was made is that known as '} area, which comprises land lying betwvon Gcclong, Warrnaiubool, and Camperdovn. It was stated that landowners in the atea had grown boxthorn hedges on their pro perties for 30 years, and that these formed a great protection for stock in country which was lightly timbered. If the hedges were destroyed loss and inconvenience irould be suffered by property-owners. In reply, Mr, Bailey said that be thought v'fM that he could grant the exemption asked under Section 21 of the Noxious Weed*. 5t|f Act. If the landowners would cut kedge8§|j at the side of roads to a height of 6ft. and .ilj ia width of 3ft., he would grant the re- >"£| quest. • The Australian Loiigwool Sheepbrccdcra'" ;|| Association has issued vol. XIV. of the flock books of the Roraney Marsh breed, 5! the Lincoln breed, and the English and -«j Border Leicester breeds of sheep. These }■.! are in three separate booklets, well hound, '|j and illustrated with typical sheep of each' breed. il At the Agricultural Co operation Confer ence the High Commissioner for Australia : | (Sir Joseph Cook) said that Australia's "r.i trouble was to get into the British*market. "ij Australia wanted to see less Danish find ' J Dutch labels in the shop windows of Bri«. /£1 tain, and more Australian and New Zealand labels. He did not want to see Govern- : nient intervention in the cooperative move ment, beyond the giving of its blessing. He" provoked laughter when he consoled Lira- ^ self by the fact that "whatever Australia . ^ can do, she produces bonny babies." J:-:/ In the South Australian Parliament .on July 31 the Minister for Agriculture*. (Mr.' Buttcrworlb) warned the farmers that if they did not take heed of the warnings given to them to curtail the growing of red wheat • the Ministry would approach, the Federal authorities with a view to prohibiting the export of red wheat altogether. He said* that if the export was allowed to continue the result would be that Australia would lose the present value attaching to ' her white wheat for blending aud grading purposes. . 1 The correspondent of the United Press ... Association at Memphis, the capital of Ten- " neesee (U.S.A.), states that an epidemic of anthrax is sweeping the States of Arkanas, * Tennessee, and Mississippi. The epidemic has caused the deaths of 20 persons, and more than 10,000 head of live stock. • Dis trict, state, and federal officers are mobi lising all available means'.to check the scourage, and an interstate anthrax con ference has been called to devise methods to combat the plague, and centralise de mands upon i\ ashington for emergency re lief appropriations. At the first annual general meeting of the Metropolitan Milk Proprietary Limited, held on" July 31, the statement of accounts and report disclosed a aatis-' factory result for the first year's working. - A dividend of 10 per cent, was declared on all shares, and the whole of the pre liminary expenses have been written off. Proposals were outlined for a comprehen sive rebuilding scheme to bring the com pany's plant and buildings into line with the latest improvements. To enable this to he tarried out it was resolved to offer further issue of shares, first to present members of the company, aud, secondly, to other milk producers. An esl imated surplus of 70,000 tons is expected to be realised in this season's sugar crop in excess of the amount re quired for local consumption, and the dis posal of this large quantity was one of the most important problems facing the I Queensland Sugar Control Board. The first steamer to load sugar will be the Aberdeen liner Sophocles, which is due in Sydney this week from London. The shipments are not confined to any particular shipping line. It is stated that the "White Star line, the Aberdeen line, the Commonwealth and Dominion line, the Federal Sieam Navi gation Company Ltd., the Clan line, and the Ellevuian and Backnall Steamship Co. Ltd. will participate in the shipments. The distribution of the raw sugar in parcels over more than a dozen steamers during the next eight weeks will go far towards reliev ing the shortage of seasonal lines of pro duce. and will carry the shipping trade well into the period when the wool sales com mence, and the export trade is likely to assume normal proportions. Last month Victoria shipped overseas 901,277 centals of wheat, compared with 845,771 centals for .Juue. Italy absorbed 107,094 centals. XVw Zealand 179,543 centals, the United Kingdom 457,SOO centals, and France 11,335 centals. Flotir exported for the month was about the same in volume as that shipped during June, the total being 252,234 centals, against 251,339 centals. Egypt was the largest individual buyer, having purchased 90,572 centals. Other principal destinations were:—United King dom 49,833 centals. South Africa 33,083 centals, Hong Kong 23,993 centals, and Java and Sumatra 25,930 centals. Butter shipments from the Slate during July were on a small scale, as is usual at this period of the year, though the aggregate of 830,4261b. is above the average of July, owing to the favourable eeason experi enced. The United Kingdom ie given aa the destination for 318,3601b., South Africa 62,4401b., British Malaya 48,0001b., Java 284,4651b., Sumatra 24,2661b., Celebes 49,7301b, Ceylon 17,8081b., and Mauritius 7,5001b. M^Uico took 5251b. 