RURAL DENMARK. The example nfforded by Denmark, in farming, agricultural education and co operation, to Australia, in common with other countries, is emphasised by Mr. Tate, Director of Education, in his pamph lpf. '.Snnip T.nsennt: frnm Uni-fil Tlrti, mark.' This pamphlet, which is en titled to consideration and study by Vic torian farmers, embodies the results of observations made by Mr. Tate during his visit to Europe last year. He shows how the people of Denmark, spurred by the disaster of Schleswig-Holstein, set themselves to develop their remain ing territory— to win from tho soil the highest profits; and how, by the applica tion of science, by education, by coopera tion, and supremely through patriotism, they built up the prosperity of their little country. The Danes ' may have seemed to have too little land. They have proved that they have a sufficiency under intensive cultivation— not merely to support their people, but by their ex ports of high-class products to win wealth from abroad. There is no fact in Danish life, Mr. Tato observes, which strikes the observer more than their capacity for team work. wnen iz comes to tno question of a re form about which the people have thought, and have arrivetl at the con clusion tlint they need, there is no time lost in putting it into activity. To think amang Danish folk is to act. It was no cfoubt the widespread practice of co-operation which showed tho rural people how to make their influence effec tive in t;he counsels of the nation, as it was, no doubt, tho mental and moral discipline of active co- operation which fitted their leaders for public life. For at the root of all true co-operation na tional effort must be tho understanding of what the individual owes to the com munity, the feeling of confidence and trust in others, and the will to come together in common undertakings under which tho whole community, and through that tho individual also, are served. The higher education of rural workers in Den mark has been consciously directed for rears toward producing the results achieved. Danish rural education has realised that the human element in rural industry is all-important, and that true education must bo intimately'' related to the whole of life, and not merely to that part of life concerned with wage earning. To those disposed to look askance at an idealistic scheme of rural education, Mr. Tate points out that dur in\r TOOT -Mm imiim *»P ?.!„;..._ ? i ? ? ported by Denmark to Great Britain alone was £37,4G0,9S2; and this from a country less than one-fifth tho size of Victoria, with n. population of about 3,000,00(1. Denmark is unprotected from the chilly winds from tho north-west in the lontr winter season. The soil is on the whole light, and in many parts distinctly poor. Moors, swamps and peat bogs cover about COO square miles of tile little kingdom, and the climate is raw and inhospitable for a great part of the year. The wonderful record of Denmark in farm production is not due to fertility of soil or geniality of climate, but is duo rather to the fine quality of lier human material. Her people have shown what ca.n be done by steady industry, reinforced by developed intelli gence and patriotism, and directed by scientific and business capacity. When in 1.SG4 Germany wrested from her the two nun duuiiiuiu provinces ot iSclileswigllol stein Denmark gamely set about recover ing more territory from her sand dunes, heath lands and bogs. Soon she had re claimed an area comparable with what she had lost to her victorious enemy. In the arrangements for providing rural edu cation Denmark affords the greatest in terest to the educational inquirer. There is no doaibt in the minds of the Danes that their agricultural prosperity has ueen assisted L(y the work of their rural schools, and chiefly by the adult schools known as the People's High Schools and the People's .Agricultural Schools. Education in Denmark is compulsory for all children between seven and fourteen years of age, and the course of study in rural schools' is similar in subjects to that prescribed in Victoria. The agricultural population in Denmark numbers alx-ut 500,000 beads of households, of whom 1TO.O0O are employers. There aro about 70,000 farmers and peasants, and about 100,000 small holders, and there are a large number of agricultural laborers with small holdings or allotments. The farmers, peasants and small holders arc members of the co-operative societies, ex cept in the cases of the co-operative sup ply stores, of which many servants and laborers aro also members, and the co operative dairy societies, in which many agricultural laborers with small holdings and wifcli one or two cows arc also in terested. The genius of tho Danes for wise niwl profitable co-operation is shown tiuuiiL-iuj- an me organisation oi tnc egg industry, one of Denmark's great staples. In this organisation, as in general improve ments in the agriculturaal and dairying work of t3ie people, Mr. Tato finds that school masters played an important part. The value of the eggs exported from Den mark to the United Kingdom in 1021 was £5,455,373. The number of fowls kept on lflth July, 1!)23, was 20,000,000. In build ing up this export trade two fundamental principles were kept steadily in view— the maintenance of an excellent standard iu the quality .ind appearance of the eggs, and full provision for continuous forward ings, so that the market once made should not be lost, even temporarily. These £?*?*£? requirements necessitated complete organi sation among the producers and firm handling of careless and dishonest sup pliers. Mr. Tato observes that Denmark has every year a small excess of trained agri cultural laborers. The movement of these migrants is invariably towards America. He urges their attraction to Australia, for he cannot imagine a better class of immigrant for our rural districts, espe cially our dairying districts, than these practically trained, industrious and thrifty Danes. 