NEVS FROM EVERYWHERE AT A GLANCE Dame Nelle Melba ww among the paa ■engers of the P. & 0\. liner Maloja, which failed for London last week. _ Dame Nellie said her plans were indefinite, hnt hhe would epend some time in Switzer land. In May ehe would appear at Covent Garden Theatre, in London, hut when that engagement was fulfilled it was pnlikely that she would accept other offers. At Cabinet's .request the. Premie" of Western .Australia (Mr. Collier) will pto -ceed (o England as early aa possible in the New Year to attend to' several probjems Effecting the State, including immigra tion and finance. By a proclamation published in The Com monwealth Gazette December 12 is fixed as the date on which the Common wealth Ministry will cease to collect income tax hitherto payable in respect of a prize in a lottery. Prizes in lotteries wan pre viously to that date only will be taxable. The proclamation puts into effect section 0 of the Income Tax Act of 1924. G. Ford and Charles Watson, motor cyclists, who left Sydney on November 20 the G.P.O.. Perth, at 3.32 o'clock on the afternoon of November 27. The time was 7 days 9 hours 32 minutes, which broke the previous record held by Clarke and Webster, by 2 days 6 hours 17 minutes. The first of five steel towers, 250 ft. in height, for communication by means 9f the Marconi beam system of radio ser vice with similar stations now being greeted in England in behalf of the Bri tish Post Office, lias been compljtfi at Drummondville, near Montreal.—Router. The council of the University of Ade laide, has received a donation of £200 from Mr. James Gartrcll for the purpose of founding a prize of elementary ethno logy* and comparative philology. Swerving diagonally across the inter section of Swanston .and Bonrke streets, Melbourne, a motor car, which a man was learning to drive, struck the constable on point duty, continued to within a few feet of the opposite footpath, and, turn ing suddenly, knocked down four pedes trians, including a little girl. The trial at Reval (capital of the Baltic Republic of Esthonia) of 159 Communists, on a charge of plotting a coup d'etat, has been concluded. Of the prisoners, 39 received life sentences, and 90 others were ordered imprisonment for periods ranging from three to fifteen years.—Reuter. The Germai) Budget for 1923 shows an w-tinintod surplus of about two and a half milliard of gold marks. The revenue under the ordinary Budget is estimated at about 5,400 millions of gold marks, and the expenditure at about 2,650 mil lions of gold marks.—Reutcr. The British Government has taken 28,000 ft. of spare in connection with the fcnncdin Exhibition of 1925. in response to tlie invitation of the Aus tralian Government, circulated in Britain and Ireland, to tender for the two cruisers Tyue and Cylde, firms are tendering. It is expected that a contract will be placed early in 1925.—Rcuter. Three young sisters named Osvath, re fiding at Szatmar, in Hungary, attired themselves in black, including veils, and then committed suicide by hanging, after having poisoned a pet cat and dog. The girls had been carrying on a furrier's business since their father's death last fear. The Governor (Sir Tom Bridges), ac companied by Miss Alvilde Bridges, has gone to Marble Hill for the summer. The trustees of the A. F. Keith-Sheridan Trust (Mr. A.* A. Simpson, C.M.G., and the Hon. H. Homburg) have given £500 to the Home for Incurables for the .pur pose of endowing two beds in memory of the late Miss A. F. Kcith- Shc?ridan and Mrs. A. M. Simpson. The fete held recently at the home realized £800 clear of expenses. The Italian steamer,. .Palermo, which arrived, at Port Adelaide from Genoa last Saturday, had . on board over 720 Southern Europeans, 70 of whom were for this State. Italians predominated, their number being 32. There were 21 On Saturday the firat century of the summer season was registered. The high est temperatures were 107 deg- at Fow ler's Bay and 104 deg. at Port Augusta. At Adelaide the mercury advanced to 100.8. A Renter cablegram from Brussels an nounces the passing of the famous Italian composer Giacomo Puccini, the author of "La Tosca," and other equally well- known operas. He died in the arms of his daughter at a nursing home; waere be arrived 10 days ago to undergo an opera tion on the larynx. He had benefited sub sequently from radium treatment, but col lapsed unexpectedly as the result of a heart attack. Puccini was boru at Lucca, in 1858. Other works by him are "La Boheme" and "Madame Butterfly." Gen. Pershing in his final re port as Chief of Staff and General of the American Armies, recommends a greatly enlarged air force, the lack of which is now the chief weakness of the national defence; also an increase in the United States regular army from 118,000 to 150,000, and of the National Guard from 176,000 to 200,006. A fall of portion of the roof of work ings in the Duffryn Rhondda Colliery, Port Talbot, killed three firemen. All the men were married, and left large families. Three others were seriously in jured, and two of them are in a precari ous condition. The Danish Lower House has, by 77 against 24 votes, passed the first reading of the Disarmament Bill. The Bill re ferred to proposes to abolish the army and navy, excepting frontier guards and coastal defence ships; to. dis mantle all fortifications, and to transform military and naval factories into State civil enterprises. Eight hundred aud fifty thousand immi grants entered the United States clandes tinely in the last fiscal year, the United States Secretary of Labour (Mr. Davis) told the American Club at Buenos Ayres. It was calculated that 35,000 seamen who arrived in Unted States ports each year never took the return journey." It was estimated that 10,000,000 Europeans wanted to enter the countrybut America could not absorb that number economi cally.—Reutcr. H.M.S. Marlborough, one of the la6t of the famous "wooden walls" of Old Eng land," sank in the English Channel while being towed from Ports mouth to a new station at Osea Island, in the estuary of the River Blackwater. Four of the crew went down with the vessel and were drowned. Mesdaines Tapp and Sargood, of Mel bourne, have presented a large silk Aus tralian flag to Canterbury Cathedral in liouour of the Australian soldiers. This gift completes the Cathedral's international collection of flags. The London Sunday Express says:— There is no doubt in official circles 6ince the advent of the Baldwin Government that the Singapore naval base will now be completed according to the original plan. The Secretary for the Colonies (Mr. Amcry), speaking at Birmingham, said the Baldwin Government intended to hold office as long as possible. Its policy of improving Imperial relations and develop ment was the only one that could render Great Britain safe. It would require 10 years to carry out the programme. The death is announced from New Zealand of Col. Robert Joseph Collins, C.M.G., I.S.O., formerly Auditor General of New Zealand, and Commandant of the New Zealand rifle team which won the Kolapore Cup at Bislcy in 190#. The deceased, was 76 years of age. In connection with Richards Motor Body Builders pic-nij, held at Belair, the results of the balloon race were:—Mrs. F. Crocker, Lyrup, balloon No. 66, first prize, 1; Mrs. G. White, balloon 320, found near Jamestown, 2; Mr. _ Claude Avery, balloon 190, found at Towitta, 3. The man Jarowsk, who fired the shot which wounded the Austrian Chancellor (Dr. Siepel) on June 3, has been convicted of attempted murder, and has been sen tenced to three and a half years' imprison ment by a Vienna Court.—Reuter. Mr. Geoffry E. Duveen, himself a suf ferer from deafness, has written to the University College Hospital, offering a gift of £50,000 for the construction and equip ment of a new near, nose, and throat hos pital. W. J. Bailey, England's only first class professional sprinter, has left Eng land for Australia to engage in a series of races in the principal cities of the Com monwealth. As the result of the coup at a Leeds rescue home on September 21 last, Muriel Brown and Phyllis Shaw were to-day sen tenced to two years in the Borstal Insti tute, and Rene Agar was bound over to keep the peace. The three girls escaped from the home during the week-end, hav ing first bound and gagged the matron, locked two girls in their bedrooms, gagged a dog, and cut the telephone wires. 