j AN AUSTRALIAN ABROAD ! MR- W. P. FINLAYSON'S ; IMPRESSIONS. . MARKETS AND IMMIGRATION. ; After fourteen months abroad, during which period lie visited Africa, th0 Bri tish Isles, Denmark, Germany, Holland, I'fanco,. the United tatcs, of America, aim xso.w Aealaiiu, jlr. W. I1'. Finlayson Is vifiting Luuuccston. Mr. Finlayson formerly represented Brisbane in the House >'f Representa- tlyes, apd was pile of the members of the Queensland Legislative '""'Council >yh?n that C)iain(jer was "llpofled" with newly created members pledged to com mit "political suicide" by abolishing the council, and consequently themselves. He has come to Tasmania in further- | ancc of the prohibition eompalgn. j Some eight years have passed slnco Mr. Einlayson mis in Tasmania. On one previous visit ho was a member of tho Pruit Commission, and he says lie is now greatly Impressed by the evi dence of development ho sees on every hand. TI1K UNITED KINGJPOM. Mr, hiniayson remarked that ho hud noted that there was a serious decline In the standard of public life in the old country. During several visits to the House of Commons ho "sensed" a loss of that dignity which harl boon a dis tinct feature of the Mother of Parlia ment, but on the other hand there was certainly no lack of vim and vigour in tlio debates. Wluat was lacking in standard was made up for ill strength and power. Mr. Finlayson is of opinion that the Ramsay MacDonald Government will, be returned at the general elections stronger than at present, but tjmt it will bo dependent on the Bilpport of a section o the Liberal party. Sir John Simon at oho time Attorney-General, appeared to be the coming man in that party, and no doubt, would be the leader of it, with decided advantage to tho party. Neither Mr. Asqulth nor Mr. Lloyd George could secure tlio con fidence of the united party. AUSTRALIAN PRODUCTS. Mr. Fiulayson has been closely iden tified with the fruit trade lu Queons. land, and hence his observations , wore sought as to the marketing of Austra lian exports in Great Britain, That ho hus formed some very decided views is evident, and it is no less certain from what he says that Australia Is seriously handicapping herself In the sale of her goods. "Yes," Mr. Finlayson lemarked, 'T was interested in seeing Australian goods on the market. I visited Covent Garden in particular, because of my association in Australia with the fruit trade, and made Inquiries in England, Scotland, and Ireland as lo the experi ence of Australian goods. I found an unfortuuato absence of Australian pro- duets, although some shopkeepers were honest enough to say that they did sell Australian products, but under a diff erent name. Australian butter and green fruit, for instance, were not al ways sold as sucli, for the reason that the public were willing to pay better prices for Danish bntter and Californlan fruit." . To the question whether he had per sonal knowledge of the mixing of Ans. tralian and Danish butter. Mr. Finlay son replied in the negative, but Baid he believed that it was done, j One very clear cut instance pf tho I liaTm Australian exporters are doing | themselves by bad grading was related. | Mr. l<Tn!ayson said he was 'in conveTBa- ! lion with a London caterer lu a large way of business, who informed liim that bo often had to Include peaches In menus He knew to hnlf a peaah how many pieces of the fruit he would find In American tins, but Australian peaches were so badly graded that the tins con tained uncertain quantities of large and smnll pieces, so that requirements could never be accurately estimated. With American tins, on the other hand, re quirements could be estimated to a frac tion. "There Is no doubt at all," Mr. Fin- lavoon commented, "that tbe bad pack ing of products' in Australia is very deleterious to Australian trade, anil that Australian Industries are handi capping themselves in this respect" THE IMMIGRATION OUTLOOK. People generally were far more in terested In Australia than in any other Dominion, New Zealand included, but the difficulty of getting to Australia, on account of the great distance, militated against emigration on a really big scole. That was why Canada attracted so many settlers from Great Britain, that Dominion being comparatively eloso to Britain, and, moreover, many persons went to Canada in tho hope of being able to cross the border into the United States of America. Mr. Finlayson suggested' to the High Commissioner for Australia (Sir Joseph Cook) and also to Mr. Barnes, of the Immigration Offieo at Australia House, that there wore thousands of persons who were only too willing to come to Australia if any kind of nsslstnnco were afforded them. Tlio present system of Australuyt immigration, in my judgment," he said, "Is open to serious objection. It is lilgVi time tor Australia to guard her door against the strewn of immigration com- lug from Southern Eurooc. We can not get better immigrants than our own kith and kin in the British Isles, and If the present influx of Southern Euro peans from Mediterranean countries is not checked we will soon find ourselves in the same difficulty tho United States lias experienced— an experience which has compelled that country to seriously restrict the volume of immigration from Europe." GERMAN TRADE WITH AUSTRALIA. Questioned as to his experiences on the' continent of Europe, Mr. Finlayson said that In Hamburg he found that there was an inclination to reopen trade between Germany and Australia as soon as circumstances permitted. There appeared to be no prejudice In Germany against Australia. The ma3s of the people in Germany did not harbour re sentment against Australia In conso' quonce of the part the Commonwealth played lu the war. On Ihe contrary, the Germans thought the nioro pf Aus tralia becau,se she had stood so staunch ly by tho Motherland in the struggle. 