j WOMAN'S WAYS] DIPHTHERIA VACCINE FOUND Thanks to the work of Drs. Jules Renault and Pierre Paul Levy, the hope is held out that diphtheria may shortly 1-e banished from the list of human ills, for these scientists have now been able to report to the Academy of Science the discovery of a vaccine which confers total immunity against diphtheria. The line of research which has led to this happy result was really opened up by J)r. Koux, of the Pasteur Institute, by his discovery of a serum which cured the allied disease of croup. Since that limo many research workers have been endeavoring to push this scientific triumph a step further. The vaccine discovered by Renault andJLevyjsJised as a sub-cutaneous injection. It has been tried on 800 children, whose sub sequent immunity from diphtheria was )»roved by a special test known as Schick's Diphtherine Reaction. The vaccine confers immunity within a few f hours of injection, but in order that protection shall be lasting two sub sequent injections must be given. The discoverers, though they have attained the principal object of their research, are continuing their experiments with a view to perfecting their system. — Ex. I * * * THE 'BIGNESS' OF A LITTLE WOMAN A writer says of Margaret Bond field, Britain's first woman Minister: 'I do not think Miss Margaret Grace Bondfield could be called a feminist of the deepest dye. 'Her stand for justice is so genuine that, if women had been the dominant sex, she would have been quite simply and naturally a champion of men. Whenever I have encountered Miss Bondfield, I have been impressed by her splendid efficiency. The womanly charm is there, too, and all the time, —though -fihe-scarcely-seems ioJbe-Aware of it. And when occasion calls it forth, there is the eloquence, now appealing, now commanding, but always moving, -? because what she has to say is steeped v.i the experience of a life devoted to tho service of those most in need of tlift help that the Labor Movement can jjivp. Few, if any, can equal her in the power to stir the heart of a great meeting. . . . She is wise in counsel, :ir fkillcd iu negotiation, wonderful as an orcianiser — a formidable debater with a vids.1 rang® of subjects.' Of the now famous ''Albert Hall*' ui^ting another writer says: ''Next came Margaret Bondfield, with passionate voice- and sinning eyes, plead ing the cause of the children. Full of warmth and rolor and virile idealism, her speech brought ringing response from the audience, who cheered her a-iain and again.' * * * BRITISH GIRLS STILL WORKING 65 H0UR8 A WEEK A resolution demanding that the t Government include catering workers i'nd restaurant employees in any Bill establishing an eight-hour day or 48 hour week was passed at a meeting organised by tha Workers' Union in London. C. W. Gibson said there were 30,000 people in the catering trade at present unemployed. If they had the , eight-hour day nearly all of these could I?-? nbsorbed. The difficulties of organis ms hotel management under an eight liour day could be overcome if there was the will. Mug K. Majnicom, women's. organiser for the union, said thousands of women and girls in the trade were forking from 54 to 65 hours a week and receiving no pay for overtime. — 'Manchester Guardian.' * * * A WOMAN FINANCIAL EXPERT There is one woman's name in the list published of the members of the Treasury Committee to inquire into the British national debt and the incidence of taxation and their effect upon in dustry. Mrs. Barbara Woo ton is not well known to the general public, but she is a distinguished economic and finan cial expert, though she ib only a young woman of 27. Her reputation is high among the economists. In her under graduate days at Girton she achieved distinctions in economics which pro bably have not been matched since by either man or woman. She became Director of Economic Studies at Girton. Two years ago she joined the Research Department of the Trade Union Con gress and Labor Party. This depart ment is responsible for the stream of pamphlets and memoranda on economic and political questions that have been issued during the last two years. Mrs. Wooton is also a prominent figure in the Workers' Educational Association and editor of its journal, 'The High way.' # * ? MOTHERHOOD ENDOWMENT At the conference of the Victorian Labor Party in Melbourne last week it was decided that the following pro posals should form part of the Labor platform: 'We endorse the principle of universal motherhood and childhood endowment that, as a preliminary to the full maintenance of children by the State, the Labor Government, on at taining office, shall pay from the con solidated revenue the sum of 5s. per week to each child from birth to school leaving age, and the full maintenance of ex- nuptial children and children of widows and deserted wives. 'That Mr. Duffy's scheme for the imposition of a levy on wealth be put forward as a suggested means of raising the money required.' Duffy's scheme stated that in round figures the amount required to pay the endowments universally at the rate of 10s. per child would be about £30.000,000. The Commonwealth paid annually about £20.000.000 in interest and sinking fund on war loans. By saving the interest the money would be available to pay the endowments. The amount of 25s. per head paid the States —another £8.000,0^0— was available, thus making £28,000,000, and increase in other taxes (land nnd probate), as well as perhaps an increase in the pre sent income tax rates, would provide tho difference. To liquidate the war debt it would b© necessary to strike a levy of about 11 per cent (average). The estimated private wealth of the Com monwealth was £3,000,000,000. Tho levy could be graduated, so that the smaller possessions would be struck lightly and the larger holdings heavily — even up to 50 per cent in the case of very large fortunes. . Those who drafted the scheme said that workmen on the basic wage were faced with very great difficulty in main taining their children, The difficulty of increasing the basic wage was due to the fact that many men employed in industry had no children to support. * * * ANOTHER LADY MINISTER A Copenhagen message states that Madame Bang has been allotted the portfolio of Minister for Education in the new Danish Socialist Cabinet, which is being formed by Stanning, the Socialist leader, consequent on the de feat of the Liberals at the general elections. ? # -. # * THE POLINI CASE An interesting discussion took place last week at the New South Wales Labor Conference, arising out of the refusal of the Supreme Court to allow actress Emilie Poh'ni the custody of her child. The matter was introduced by the presentation of a petition which delegates were asked to sign, protesting against the decision. Miss Annie Gold ing, who secured the suspension of the standing orders, moved, 'That a pro test be sent from this great conference ; and we ask that the law in New South Wales concerning the custody of chil _ dreji „ Ly their mother be altered so that the mother cannot bo deprived of her child in its infancy.' She pointed out that the petition empha sised the urgent need of amending the Infants Custody Act, which deprived mothers of their offspring. She con trasted the law in New South Wales with that of England, where a mother could retain custody of her child up to the* a.go of seven. 'You will be sur prised to know,' she said, 'that in this country the illegitimate mother is forced to keep her child, and the father is released from all responsibility be yond paying a few shillings a week, and he generally skips off to another State to get out of that.' Miss Gold ing stated that she spoke after 16 years on the State Children's Board. The unfortunate part of it, she said, was that the mother had to take out the warrant and have the father taken from another State. For 15 years she had unsuccessfully fought to have the law altered. The motion was seconded by Nurse Francis, who said that every man and woman in the conference should sign the petition. It was hard indeed for a mother to have her child taken from her. Mrs. Lynch opposed the motion, and said it was not a matter of great public importance, nor was it of im portance to the Labor Conference. She was more than surprised to hear Miss aiding say that she had been a mem ber of the Stnte Children's Board for 16 years and had not moved in the matter until Emilie Polini's baby was v\ question. There was no mention of Sarah Boyd or any of the wives of the working class. Emilie Polini could brief the best barristers in the State, and it had nothing to do with the con ference. The resolution of protest was carried, and the petition handed rpiind to dele* gates for signatures. # # # MARRIED WOMEN AS 8CH00L TEACHERS The old controversy over the umploy ment of married women teachers has broken out afresh in England. The Norfolk County Education Committee is considering tho following proposals: (1) A woman teacher shall be called upon to resign her position on mar riage, when the question of her re appointment will be considered in view of all the circumstances relating to the particular school. (2) No further appointments of mar* ried women as assistant teachers shall bd made, except in special cases. (3) Married women teachers now in the committee's employ may be allowed to remain in the service of the com mittee as long as their work is reported on as efficient. (4) Widows shall be treated as un married women in respect of their ap pointment as teachers. (5) These recommendations shall ap ply with respect to provided schools, and the managers of non-provided schools be invited to adopt them also. WONDERFUL WOMAN SCIENTI8T Madame Marie Curie, the wonderful woman scientist of France, and oo*dis coverer, along with her late husband, of radium, has recently been pre sented ? by the French Government with a pension of £500 in order that she, who never worked for money, should have sufficient' to enable her to continue her great work at the Radium Institute. A little over a year ago tho women of the United States of America clubbed together and presented Madame Curie with £25,000 worth of the precious wonder-working element that she had discovered. It was only a few grains, but it represented quite a large percentage of the total quantity of the element which had been alienated up to that time. Up till a few years ago there was not an ounce of radium in the entire world, but owing to the discovery of a remark ably rich ore in the Belgian Congo large factories hare been erected in Belgium, and the supplies, which are Used almost exclusively in the treatment of cancer and in other medical spheres, have been greatly augmented. It takes from 15 ta 20 tons of Congo ore to produce one gramme of radium, and the process de mands the highest technical skill and care. It is of more than passing in terest to note that Madame Curie suc ceeded in the first instance in wresting this precious element from a ton of pitchblende residue which was given to her by the Austrian Government. Most of the radium which has been pro duced in recent years has been obtained from the ores of' Colorado and tTfeh, but it is of much poorer quality tlian the recent Congo discoveries, 700 tons being required to produce a gramme m radium. The Congo discoveries have been, responsible fdr the reduction of the price of radium from £31*000 to £15,000. Madame Curie has had a remarkable career. She was born in Intend in 1867\. Her father was a BcientiBt, and she spent several years working ill his laboratory. Eventually she became a governess in a Russian family/ btt* she soon found that there was con siderable enmity between the Poles and tho Russians, and she was in danger of being arrested, and even of being exiled to Siberia. She disguised ' herself «s an old lady and escaped, and eventually arrived safely in Paris, where: she secured a small post in the laboratory of Professor Lippman. Here she met Pierre Curie, an almost unknown seien tisti whom she eventually married. For eleven years they worked in e^-se har mony experimenting with the mys terious rays that were given out bjf different metals, until a| last t^ey sjtb ceeded in extracting two or three tiny crystals of new substances, oneofwhioh was named polonium and the other radium. Madame Curie is -now :iai#$& . the most famous scientist* in the world, but even after a lifetime of work t&e; mystery of radium still remains un solved. # * # - ' ; SWEATED WOMEN WORKERS One of the strongest arguments u**d against the recent attempt d the Nfwr Settlers1 League of New South Wale* to influence the Federal Government to launch an extensive immigra^on oalri paign was the fact that nearly 40 per cent of factory workers in that J$tig|* woro not covered by awards, A; Cat|ijr,-- - secretary of the Factory ^nph»fk^* Union, pointed out in a Press inteirvie* that the sweating permitted by mMffl* facturers was awful, and the public tfd not realise that women who should pe getting £2 4s. 6d. a week were in many cases only paid £1 Ms. or £1—1% — Girls of 19 and 20 years, not protected1 By awards, received from 12s. 6d. fa 17s. 6d. a week; and although some of them lived at home, delegates were in vited to consider what would be the position of girls who were brought out in hundreds from England and, having no homes, were forced to work for ti$s than £1 a week. Writing on the sub ject of immigration recently, Labor member Wignail, of the House of Com mons, stated that immigration at pre sent was inimical to Australia, and those who advocated it were either not sincere or were misguided in their efforts. Garden puts the position clearly from the women's point of view when he says that the wholesale influx of young girls would mean that the streets would be Uttered with those who cout* find no means of livelihood. Even if jobs were found for new arrivals, they would, be' only displacing others who were in employment, to the detriment of native-born Australians and thole who bad been years in the country. The dunlicity of the employers who are sup porting the scheme for the wholesale importation of female labor and boy labor is evidenced by the fact that they contend that the industries can not pay the basic wage for women, yet they want -to flood the market with boys and yojing women from overseas. 