"TRAMPS ABROAD." Mr. W. F. Finlayson's Observations. Australian Trade With Britain. Self-imposed Handicap. After 11 months spent in v\hat may be termed "tramps abroad," during which period he had every opportunity of making observations and forming opinions on a variety of subjects. Hie countries visited having included South Africa, the British Lies, Denmark, Ger- many, Holland, France-, the United States of America, and -New Zealand, M^ »-p- Finlayson is visiting Hobart. Mr, Finlayson formerly represented Brisbane in the House of Representa t.ivcs'_and wus »ne of the members of the Queensland Legislative Council when that Chamber was "Hooded" with newly created members pledged to com- mit "political suicide" by abolishing the Council, and consequently themselves. He has come to Tasmania in further- ance of the prohibition campaign, and had addressed public meetings at Bur- nie, Devonport, and Bracknell prior to his arrival at Hobart on Satuiday. Some eight years have passed since Mr. Finlayson was in Tasmania. On one previous visit he was a member of the Fruit Commission, and he says hu is now greatly impressed by the" evi- dence of development he sees on every hand. The extension of buildings and the new industries established had par- ticularly taken his attention, and he had come to the conclusion that "Hobart is climbing over the hills' in a remark- able way." THE UNITED KINGDOM. With such extensive travels behind him, Mr. Finlayson' could only skate, as it were, over the surface of the many things which have come beneath his no- tice in the different countries visited. In view of the defeat of the Labour Ministry in Britain, he was asked to give his opinion of'the political outlook, there, and remarked that he had noted that there was a serious decline in the standard of public life in the Old Coun- try. During several visits to the House of Commons he "sensed" a loss of that dignity which had been n distinct fea- ture of the Mother of Parliaments, but on the other hand there was certainly no lack of vim and vigour in the de- bates. What was lacking in stan- dard was made up for in strength and power. Mr. Finlayson is of 'opinion that the Ramsay MacDonald Government will be returned at -the general elections stronger than at present, but' that it will be dependent on the support of u section of the Liberal party. Sir John Simon, at one time Attorney-General, appeared to be the coming man in that party, and no doubt. would be the loader of it, with decided advantage to the party. Neither Mr. Asquith nor Mr. Lloyd George could secure the con- fidence of the united party. AUSTRALIAN PRODUCTS.1 Mr. Finlayson has been closely iden- tified with the fruit trade in Queens- land, and hence bis observations were sought as to the marketing of Austra- lian exports in Great Britain, That ho has formed some very decided views is evident, and it is no less certain from what be says that Australia is seriously handicapping herself in the sale of her good3. "Yes," Mr. Finlayson remarked, "I was interested in seeing Australian goods on the mnrkot. I visited Cóvcnt Garden ¡n particular, because of my association in Australia with the fruit trade, and made inquiries in England, Scotland, and Ireland -as .to the experi- ence of Australian 'goods. I found an unfortunate absence of Australian pro- ducts, i although some shopkeepers wero honest enough to say "that they did sell Australian .products, hut untlcr a dif- ferent name. Australian butter and green fruit, for instance, were not al- ways sold as such, for the reason thut the public were willing to pay bettor prices for Danish batter and Californian fruit." To the question whether,he had per- sonal knowledge of the mixing of Aus- tralian and Danish butter, Mr. Finlayson replied in the negative, -but said he be- lieved that it was done. One very clear cut instance of the harm Australian exportera are doing themselves by bad grading was related. Mr. Finlayson said he was in conver- sation with a London caterer in a large way of business, who informed him that he often had to include peaches in menus. He knew to half a peach how roany pieces of the fruit he would find in American tins, but Australian peaches were so badly graded thal the tins contained uncertain quantUics> of I large and small pieces, so that require- ments could never be accurately es- timated. With American tins, on the other hand, requirements could be es- timated to a fraction. "There is no doubt at all," Mr. Fin- layson commented, "that the had pack- ing of products in Australia is very deleterious to Australian trade-, and that Australian industries are handicapping themselves in this respect." THE IMMIGRATION OUTLOOK. Since Mr. Finlayson first carne to Aus- tralia, 37 years ago, he has been "Home" three times. - During the visit from which he has novi; returned he spent four months in Scotland, and addressed nearlv 200 public meetings of various kinds'. At the close of nearly every gathering, he says, he was interviewed by persons who wanted information re- garding Australia. The interest shown in the Common- wealth was far moro noticeable than on either of his two previous visits, and me fact was owing mainly to the con- dition of industrial affairs in Great Britain, such a large number of the population being compelled to seek other fields of employment. People generally were far more interested in Australia than in any other Dominion, New Zealand included, but the difficulty of getting to Australia, on account of the great distance, militated against emigration on a really big scale. That wa» why Canada attracted so many set- tlers from Great Britain, that Dominion being comparatively close to Britain, and, moreover, many persons went to Canada in tho hope of being able to cross the border into the United States of America. Mr. 'Finlayson say« that he suggested to the High Commissioner for Austra- lia (Sir Joseph Cook), and also to Mr. Barnes, of the Immigration Office at Australia Hous'e, that there were thou- sands of corsons who were only too willing to come to Australia if any kind of assistance were afforded them. "Tho present system of Australian immigration, in my judgment," he said, "in open to tc.-ious objection. It is high time for Australia to guard her door against the stream of immigration comin1" from Southern Europe. We cannot get better immigrants than our own kith and kin in the British Isles, and if the present influx of Southern Europeans from Mediterranean conn tries is not checked »e will soon lind ourselves in the same difiicultv the United States has experienced-an ex- perience which has compelled that coun- try to seriously restrict the voltiiae of immigration from Europe." SCANTY INFORMATION. Another leading qucption led Mr. Fin- layson to decíate that in America, as well as in Great Britain, an intense in- terest was felt in Australian affair?, but in both countries there was a la- mentable ignorance of Australian geog- raphy and politics. The absence of Australian news was very marked in British and American newspapers, so much so that it amounted to a "drought." About the only item of Australian news given prominence, as far as be could see, was thut concerning i the recent police strike- in Melbourne, and the peoples of the United Kingdom and Ame- rica were given a d ¡stoned vlr>w of the normal life of Australia. "I think it is because the proper kind Catratros (Drake's1 Caiiaghccii) for Cough» and Colds. There's nothing like it. Get it at Drake's. Open every night. -Adit. of news ig» not being supplied," waa the explanation given of the existing state of affairs. "Any special Australian Parliamentary news is sometimes given headings in the papers," Mr. Finlayson declared, "but if Australian news gets more space than a small paragraph it is something out of the ordinary. Para graphs~pf about six lines seem to bc'the rule, and people with whom I conversed complained of the. absence of Australian news. A large number of requests for Australian newspapers -were made me, both in Europe and America, people de- siring to bo made better acquainted with the normal life of the community in the Commonwealth." A suggestion made by Mr. Finlayson to Sir Joseph Cook was that there was need for an effective kind ofpropaganda for giving Australia fair representation in the eyes of the British people, and ,the High Commissioner informed him that an attempt was being made in that direction. To that observation Mr. Finlayson said he replied:-"I cannot seo any evidence of it." GERMAN TRADE WITH' AUSTRALIA. Questioned as to his experiences on the continent of Europe, Mr. Finlayson said that in Hamburg ho found that there was an inclination to reopen trade between Germany and Australia as soon us cir- cumstances penuitied. Prior to the war lhere was a good shipping trade between Australia and Hamburg, particularly in I wool and fruit, but until the reputations' question was settled and ,the German people knew; approximately' what they would have to pay they were not much inclined to re-establish industries and get seriously to work. There appeared to be no prejudice; in Germany against Australia. The mass of the people in Germany did not harbour resentment against Australia in consequence of the part the Commonwealth played in the war. On the contrary, the Germans] thought the moro ol'- Australia because | she had stoodvso staunchly by the Mother- land in tho struggle, the view being gener- ally taken that under similar conditions Germany would have acted precisely as Australia did. As a rule the German people were more friendly disposed to- wards the British dominions than to- wards Great Britain herself, because of the loyalty to Britain they had shown. THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS. When the Peace Treaty was being dis- cussed in the Housn of Representatives Mr. Finlayson stated that in his opinion no settlement of European affairs would be poisible until Germany and Russia were included in the League of Nations, anil that, as long as these countries were left outside there would be a danger of them becoming the nucleus nf a competi- tive League. Recalling the conviction he then ex- pressed, Mr. Finlayson said he was pleased to seo that there was a movement towards opening the doors of the League to Germany and othgi- nations. America's objection to entering the League was not based on a selfish policy. It was purely because the Americans were not satisfied that the European nations were really sincere in their, proposal» to work to- gether for disarmament and peace. "1 found iii America, und it impressed me greatly," remarked Mr. Finlayson, "in conversation with representative men in different paris of the country, that there is a distinct and strong feeling that America should get into the most friendly and close relationship with the British "Empira The Americans believe that if the great Anglo-Saxon nations could get together they could dictate the peace of the world, and America is open for any move in that direction." It is felt in America evidently, ami Mr. Finlayson shares the feeling, that no com- bination of Powers could stand against au alliance' of tho British a»d American peoples, and he declares that he has every reason -to believe that the American people would be ready to conform to any movement in the way of such alli- ance of the English-speaking nations. FORMER GOVERNOR-GENERAL. ! Mr. Finlayson_ incidentally mentioned that when he was in Britain he spent a most interesting tune with Lord Novar, who ia Sir Ronald Munro-Fergnson was formerly Governor-General of Australia. Lord Novar liad informed bim that both he and Lady Novar were more sorry .to leave Australia than any other placo in which he had represented His Majesty, and that Lady Novar wa« quite upset at having to leave the Commonwealth. 