INTERNATIONAL. LONDON, April 9. The arrangements have been completed for his Majesty the King, who will be accompanied by her Majesty Queen Mary, to perform the ceremony of open- ing the Empire Exhibition at Wembley Park on the momiug of April 23. The vnion leader* in Britain, who hnv* been handling the strike in the ship yard*, have taken the firm notion re quired to enforce discipline, and is a re sult 1600 members of three branches at Southampton who refused to resume work- have been suspended. A plant is being installed in the Mar garet-street Consumptive Hospital, Lon don, by Wfcieh it is believed patients can be treated by the heat of light rays, iden tical with those of the sun. ' The late Sir llenry Lucy, the well knowu journalist, loft property valued at £250,000. ' It is announced that the Kiug, with great regret, has Riven approval to the dubaudment of Kiug Edward's Horse. Mr. Percy Hunter will represent the Commonwealth at the International Con ference on Migration, which will as semble in Roino on May 13. The New Zealand Government is ad* vertising for the first tiino in England for tenders for mail contracts. It v hoped to" fiud a company-which will undertake to provide a fortnightly mail service to New Zealand, via the Panama Canal. "• How deepty popular feeling has been aroused by the revelation of the activi ties of fake" physicians was revealed in New York when a jury, convicted a so called "quack on the second degree of manslaughter, following the death of a little girl from diphtheria. The Australian proposal to regenerate "Hr.wr*" is meeting with hostile criticism from the Yorkshire Press. . The dramatic declaration by the South' African Prime Minister to dissolve Parliit-' inent, and appeal to the country, created a sensation, which permeated the whole of the Union of South Africa. General Smuts hag been assured of cordial sujf* port by his party member*, and a big endeavour wilt be made to retrieve the (.-toverniucritV fortunes. ' . LONDON, April 10.; A Police Court will sit daily nt t!io '. Empire Exhibition nt Wembley Park! ' The Paris eorreni>?nde?t of the "Daily Express" quotes reports from Bucharest describing Soviet war preparations on tHe frontier of Kbumania. Australian cable messages published in London express the belief that Qtteeitft kind needs • cash loan of £2,000,000 dr £3,000,000 in June nest in order to coil tiuue public works.1 . Consequent .on the firm action of tljb' officials' of, the Brit«li Shipwrights' %if .ciety in suspending 1090 members ii . Southampton for disobeying the union ' orders to return to work, the Employers' , Federation has withdrawn the lock-out which was to have commenced yesterday. The operation of the lock-out has been suspended in the case of the other unions tiH to-day. At the conference of tho unions thero was not a two- thirds ma jority for a continuance of the strike, and the men were ordered to resume wjork. British manufacturers are gravely r.?-* turbed at the decision of the British Ministry to allow Part 11. of the Safe* guarding of Industries Act to lapse. General Sir Walter Congreve, V.C., ha* been appointed Governor .of Malta, m succession to General Lord Herbert Plumer, who has bceu Governor since 1919. In resuming the debate on the Lausanne Treaty in the House of. Commons on Wednesday, Mr. Lloyd George declared that the omission to invite the* Dominions to send representatives to Lausanne was a grave departure * from tire sound pre cedent established since the war, and must disastrously affect the unity of the Empire. He denounced the treaty as humiliating, cowardly, and possibly cala mitous. V , Herr Hugo Stinnes, the German indus trial magnate, is haying a life and death ' struggle in a nursing home at West Berlin, to which he was admitted a few weeks ago, suffering from gall stones. A warning that there was danger of a breach between Eastern and Western Cauada, unless the condi'ons of the West were improved, was given to the Canadian Government by a delegation which urged the Gorernme'h* to immediately com plete the Hudson.Bay railway. The official reports of the Committee of Experts who inquired into Germany's capacity to pay have been ironed. The Committee proposes the establishment of a new issue bank in Germany as an es sential agency far creating a stable cur rency. It also fixes a scale of payments by Germany to the Allies, and proposes that the German railways should be handed over to an international company for half a century. The railways will be administered by v board of 18 mem vote to unmarried women and divorced bers. The Spanish directorate has given Khn women over the age of 21, but married women living with their husband* mny not rote, as they are dependent upon their husband* according to Spaniel) Isiw. A weeath of Waratah flowers from Aus tralia, which will arrive frozen in a block of ice by the steamer Mooitau, will bo placed on the Cenotaph in Whitehall on Anzac Day (April 2a) by Lady Cook (wifo of the Iligh Commissioner for Aus tralia) on behalf of the Anza>- Fellowship of Women. • , LONDON, April 11. Two Communists chloiu?'>vmed lla£*nn Feuzi, a Turkish officer, on the Rome- Prague night express iv an unsuccessful endeavour to steal diplomatic documents. A business man named Tomassi, who spread alarm by crying "Thief!" wan shot through the heart by one'of the despera does. Mr. A. J. Cook, miners' agent, Hhoudda Valley, has been selected fts secretary of the British Miners' Federation, lie soya he interprets his appointment aa meaning the miners want a militant policy. The shipyard workers • on strike at Southampton- have decided by au over whelming majority not to resume work. The session of the Union Parliament of South Africa was concluded on Thurs day. The French Chamber of Deputes, by 377 votes to 138, ha* adopted a Bill authorising contracts for the sale of State owned vessels. The International Conference on Chris tian Politics, Economic*, and Citizenship considers that the first charge on indus try should be a remuneration sufficient to maintain a worker and lits family id health and dignity. Thirty-four British hospitals will bene fit to the extent of £1000 apiece from the will of the late Sir Henry Lucy. "Brilliant Chang," a Chinese, had be**) sentenced to 14 months' imprisonment at tbe Old Builey, London, for being in no* session of cocaine. Ilia rcttaurant was the scene of secret cocaine parties. The Northern Union League football team which is to tour Australia loft Leeds on Thursday, and will depart from London to-day by the R.M.S. MoMivin. Madame Fahmy Bey, who some tiino ago was acquitted of a charge of having ruur : dered her husband, is understood to be nnablu to inherit his fortune of £2,000,000 owing to legal* obstacles. Sho, however, intends to claim a quarter of -her bus b.ind'B effects. The trustees of tho Fclton Bequest have purchased for the Victoriun Art Gallery . nji oil painting, entitled "Pieta," by Hans Meuiling, dated 1474. . The British National House Building Committee's report recommends a 13 year*' programme for the erection of 2,500,000 houses., .An. averago of 170,000 houses anuually is aimed at. The marriage p{ Hignor Marconi in re ported to have .been,dissolved at Fiumc .on the eve of the annexation of Fiumc by 1ta1y...-..,. Mr. Ford. Director of the Pan-Puciflc ■■' Union, addressing the English-speaking • ;Uuk>n. New York, advocated the crea tion of a Pacific League of Nations, from which, be saiu, would ■ natural|y grow, t^ world league. - ■.' ■ • ■ The Roumanian Minister for Foreign Affairs CM. Duca) -hart expressed^ the hope that the Rosso-Roumanian negotiation*, .in regard to Bcfeftorabia. which, broke 'down at the Vienna Conference, may be 'resumed. '' . ■ ; LONDON, April W. A barking .dog at a Putney (England) boarding school awakened a innid, and the building was fonnd to be In flames. ' The children were marched downstairs in a moat orderly manner, and escaped un scathed. - The House of Representatives in the United States, by 322 votes to 71, adopted the Immigration Bill for the restriction of immigration to 2 per cent, of foreign born recorded in the ceusus of 1890, and providing for the exclusion of Japanese. The movement to " clean up " American cities was extended to Cleveland (Ohio), when a special contingent of Fcdera,l agents arrested $0 persons in connection with the contravention of the prohibition law. The rnmonrs of Japan-Rouniunian and Japan-French alliances have been denied at Tokio. The British Government has definitely decided to abolish the M'Kennn 33 per cent, import duties on light motor cars, clocks, watches, pianos, aud cinema and topographic films. Owing to indications of reactionary trouble brewing the Greek Government ordered the arrest of 18 superior military and naval retired officers. Recent large quantities of revolvers aud cartridges were confiscated in Athens. Following the receipt of letters from the Secretary to the Treasury, the United States President reprimanded Che com* mittee investigating the administration of the Bureau of Internal Revenue for having appointed an attorney, which, he said, was in conflict with , the Federal statutes. In a debate in the Senate. Sena tor Walsh said that the letter was the most arrogant ever. transmitted to a legislative body in the history of- English (•peaking people. The Young Australians iv London visit ed the Covent Garden an Saturday, and were amazed to sec pineapples realising 12/ each, which, they said, wcro pur chasable in Australia at from 3d. to 6d. eacA. No immediate crisis if* anticipated in Britain as the- result of the ir/ners' ballot, which turned down the offer of the em ployers for increases in wages. The ques tion of a strike is not involved. The Government has granted the request of the miners to hold a court of inquiry into wages. . < The Serbian Coalition Ministry ban re signed, as it believes that an election is necessary to clear up the situation. The committee of the Economic Council of the Reich has recommended the con ditional acceptance of the recom mendations of the reparations experts, and the Reparations Commission had. de cided that the report provides the .basis for a speedy solution of the problem. It j« learned from au authoritative source that America is prepared to undertake vthe unofficial role suggested in the report, whi'c it is thought that M. Poin care id ready to accept the decision of the experts. Financial circles are eagerly. speculating on the future of 32 companies, of which Hen* Hugo StinneH was chairman) and 32 others, of which he was a director. It is estimated that Heir Stinnett' wealth will vary from £10,000,000 to £100,000,000. .He did not leave a completed will, but on Thursday afternoon, when be realised that death was inevitable, he called in hw two elder sons and a solicitor, and gave general instructions. ~ The Paris correspondent of the "Daily Express" says that n memorial is to bo erected at Haudray, where the Germans crossed the line to receive the Armistice terms. The inscription reads: "Her* triumphed the tenacity of the Poilu." LONDON, April 14. The American Government has pro tested to Britain against the action of New Zealand for the aJleged subjection oi American goods entering Western Bam in to a 7% per cent, higher tariff than British goods, which it state? is in con travention of the Tripartite Convention of 1880, between America, Britain, and Germany. The general belief on the Continent '•& that the three days' visit of the Kins; aud Queen of Roumaniu will result in an alliance between France aud Roumania. The Japanese submarine 43, which sank outside Sasebo Harbour, after a collision with a warship, has been towed into the harbour to a place where the work, of rais ing the vessel will be more easy to carry \- out. The public trial of the youth who is sup posed to have attempted to assassinate the Prince Regeut of Japan on December 27 will be held towards the end of April. The Earl of Derby is suffering from congestion of the- luugg, and has v high temperature. The Supplementary Naval Estimates f>r reconstruction as a result of the damage caused by the earthquake in Japan are announced, and total 82,000,000 yen (about £8,200.000). Of this *urn. 26,000.000 yen (£2,800,000) iri for buildings, and 56,000, -000 yen (£5,600,000) for lumament. The former allocation is spread, ovei! eight years, and the latter sum over a period of 10 years. The appropriation for 1924 is 4,000,000 yen £(400,000), of. which, one half is for Yoko-Suka. There is .also I a vote of 6,300,000 yen (£650,000) as discharge al lowances t> 10.000 navy- yard employees, who arc being dismiteed- in accordance with navy readjustment plans. : Declaring* that the Government should tako steps to put outdoor' recreational facilities within the grasp of the poor as., well as the wealthy. President Coolidge announced the appointment j cjf a National Policy Committee of Outdoor Life. The President charged -the committee . with the promulgation ,of • policy to co ordinate under)the Federal guidance all activities ( on* behalf of outdoor .recren • ■ • • •' . . it tion, and formniatt • programme to MPT* as- a guide for future action. Adolf Koch, the schoolmaster who wm recently dismissed for making boy aud girl pupils perform gymnastic exercised in the nude, has beeu reinstated. Koch's lec tures, in which he in spreading his theories, arc causing a sensation in Berlin, before big audiences. He argue* that only un hampered intercourse between children can safeguard adults against the spread of im morality, as naked gymnastics banish the souse of shuinc from the minds of chil dren. It 13 officially announced that the Coun tesa of Bathurst is disposing of her con trol of the "Morning Post" to a body of influential Conservatives with which the Duke of Northumberland, is associat ed, who are determ: .d to preserve tho paper's traditions and policy and to in troduce -u^re modern methods, wbrt'ijr of it. A combined meeting of the China Coast Officers' and Marine Engineers' Guild* yesterday afternoon decided to suspend the service of the Hongkong- Kongmoon run until naval escorts are provided to protect vessel* against piracy. ' The four aeroplanes from the United States that are flying round the world arrived at Seward at 5.18 p.m. yesterday, and left Sitka at 3.50 this morning. Tho trip was made without mishap. A collection of Sydney Harbour view, postage stamps wa3 sold in Lond^ou tor £3000, including an unused pair ot penajr Btamps for,£llo. An only copy of a four penny stamp realised £38. LONDON. April 15. The British Prime Minister stated on Monday that the Government had no in tention whatever of selling the Govern ment holding in the Angln-Perriiun Oil Company. Armed naval lauuehes shall escort steamers ou the Hoiigkong-Konginoon rttu to protect them from Chinese pirates. In the House of Commons on Monday the first reading of the Agricultural Wage/) Bill, providing for the fixing of a minimum -wage by district boards, was passed. Following;. the defeat of the Liberals in the Danish elections the Leader of tho Socialist Party., has accented the King's invitation to farm a- Ministry. The New York " quack." who was con victed on a charge of the manslaughter of a little girl who dind from diphtheria after he had treated her for spinal trouble, has been sentenced to two years,* imprisonment. Lord Atthtown. who claims to, be the, most hated- ?)«?? in Ireland, lias ,been arrested in Dublin. The police refuse to divulge the charge. The Turkish National Assembly has ratified the Treaty of Friendship with Germany. A sample roiiKtanment of mixed (trade mica, front Alice Sprintr*. Northern Terri tory, realised the excellent price of 8 -dol* Jar? (about £1/12/) per Ib. in New York. The pas?aqe by the United States Seuatc of the Immigration Bill, provid ing for the exclusion of Japanese, lint been made douMy certain by the action of the Jnpauese Ambassador in Rending a letter to the Secretary of State, which Senators declared contained veiled threats, and said that the Gentlemen's Agreement had been abrogated by tit* letter. Three rebel generals, seven colonel*, and one major were tried by court* martial in Mexico, aud woro executed. 