TENDERS. OFFICE or THE SUPPIiV AND TENDER UOAIID. Caatray Esplanade, Hobart, 2/1/1924. TENDERS, addressed to the Chairman* will be received at this Office until NOON on WEDNESDAY, 9th January, 1924, for supply of One Thousands Tons Firewood (1000 tonB)« delivered at Infirmary, New Town. Forms of Tender, .Conditions of Contract, etc., obtainable from Superintendent, Infirmary, or the undersigned. G. F. DAWSON, Secretary. Yes—We Have No Bananas. The Story of the Saying—and the Song So contradictory is the latest catch phrase that it seems bcdbcIcsb. Vet there are numberless people who use it in all ecriousnessl These pcoplo are the foreign shopkeepers in New York. America, of course, has immigrants from all countries, and many of the new-comers cannot speak morct ban a few words of English. So they pick up the language us best they can. Now, the foreign shopkeepers in America arc tho most obliging tradesmen in the world. They have to mane good in a strange land—nnd they do alt they can to gain the goodwill of tUcir customers. So if a lady enters a fruit shop owned by, say, a Greek, whose last banana has just been sold, and aske, "Have you any nice bananas today!" the proprietor will answer with his rnobt beaming smile: "Yes" (very ingratiatingly), "wo have no bananas. But we have some beautiful peaches—or cabbagcs—or onions!" How they say it in Paris. A grocer in response to a request for something which wns out of stock, would answer: "Yes, we have no rice— or sugar"—or whatever tho commodity was. The idea, of course, is to put the customer in agood humour by saying "Yes," very nicely—and then proceed to broak the bad new&l; It wns not long before the saying was the joke of New York, and Americans would go into a shop and demand somcthig they knew wasn't stocked, for the sake of hearing tbe "Yes, no," answer. The saying became a catch phrase. One man, meeting another, would say that it was hot, and would get the serious reply, ''Yes, wc have no bananas." \ Exactly why "bananas" should be the chosen word m not known. It just happened. Soon a song wus written, and spread the saying right across America, until, finally, the continent became too small to hold the catch-phrase, and it crossed to Europe, and,* in fact, all over the world. Tho crazc has even reached Paris. It is quite usual to see two elderly Frenchmen meet, bow with old-world courtliness, and exclaim: '' Oui. Nous n 'avoiis pas de banancsl'' Steamer Excursions. Tourists to Tasmania are advised not to miss the four special day trips by vhe Blue Funnel steamer Mongana, which leaves Elizabeth Street as follows:—Saturday, January 5, 9 a.m.. to Eaglehawk Neck, via South Aim and Taranna; and by motor to Port Arthur. Sunday, January 6, 9.30 a.m., Lunawanna, calling at Channel Porte and Mills' Reef. Monday, January 7, 9.15 a.m., to Port Cygnet, via Gordon and Cygnet Ports. Tuesday, January 8, 9.30 a.m., to the strawberry land, Gordon, via all Channel Ports. Full particulars will be found on handbills. An absent-minded bishop, after searching vainly for his ticket, con fessed that he had lost it. "Never" mind, said the friendly ticket-collector, "we know your lord ship. I will report the matter and it will be allright." "That is all very well," replied the bishop, "but without my ticket I don't know where I am going." Missing Words Competition £5000 It Costs You Nothing to Compete. Four Tickets in TnttcrBall'a each week, with a chance of winning £5000. AU you hare to do is fill in tlie misbing words below, and deliver or post to the Managing Director of "The Critic," 125 Oollins Street, Hobart, not later than noon on Wednesday next. MISSING WORDS COMPETITION. OOL'POS NO. 92. COUPON NO. 83. C w , . . t . . I f . . . . o . I unreservedly accept all the conditions of the competition. Signature January 4, 1024. This Coupon is published in "lhe Critic" Every Friday, ' Union Line of Steamers. HOBAET TO MELBOURNE. Kowhai—Early. Cargo only. UOBAHT TO SYDNEY AND NEW- CASTLE. Kanna—Thursday, January 17. Curgo only. MELBOURNE TO WELLINGTON, LYTTLETON, DtJNEDIN, AND BLUFF. Moeraki—About January 0. SYDNEY TO AUCKLAND. Mahcno—Friday, January 11. Marama—Friday, February 1. SYDNEY TO WELLINGTON. Marama—Friday, January 18. Mahcno—Friday, January 25. SYDNEY TO YANCOUVEB, Via Auckland, Fiji, Honolulu. Niagara—Thursday, January 10. Makura—Thursday, February 7. SYDNEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. Via Wellington and Tahiti. Maunganui—Thursday, January 24. Tnhiti—Thursday, February 28. HOTEL ARCADIA, 72 Murray Street, Hobart, TUIB BE-MODELLED AND DP-XO DATE HOTEL OFFERS TOUBI8T8, FAMILIES, AND THE GENERAL PUBLIC DNErVALLED ACCOMMODATION SUPERIOR CUISINE AND SEEWCE EVEBT POSSIBLE MODERN CONVENIENCE. •Phone 1761. GEORGE BOMETOH, Prop. YORK HOTEL. GBANTON. Tourist Parties Catered for. l.nncheons and Afternoon Teas • Speciality. Beit Brands of Wines and Spirits Stocked Cleanliness, Civility, and Attention D. H. MANSON, Proprietor. Telephone. 220S1 Glenorcliy. House of Lords SCOTCH WHISKY. IF you DRINK— Wlil.N'K THE UEST. WANTED KNOWN. Good Stocks KUNDTKY S-Piece Rims £2 Per Pair. BERT SELF, CYCLE WORKS, Corner Collins and Harrington Sts. Subscription—Six Gallons. How some Editors Sell their Papers. Fiuding paper marks no good lo liim, the editor of a small weekly paper in a Bavarian county town hns'aiinoiiiiccd to his public that lie prefers to lake his subscription in kind. For a three months' subscription he is ready to reccive sii poumlif of flour, a pound of butler, or a couple of dozen of fresh eggs. Oddly enough, this is not the first time that n German paper has made a mniilnr announcement, for so long ngo as 1837 the editor of the "JSilbotc," periodical published in Munich, oflc: to receive subscriptions at the rule six gallons of boor per annum. A One-Bfan Job. A paper with tlie odd name of "Ivulorikmik" is published in im little town of Godthaab, in Greenland. It (tomes out once a month, and is printed in the Eskimo language. It is for tlie benefit of the Eskimos who attend the Danish schools, and is written, printed, and distributed by the editor in person. Since tho natives rarely possess coin tlie editor takes his pay nient in kind. Single copies cost one dab cliick (a common sea bird and one very good to cut). A quarter's subscription is two eider ducks, while one seal will pay for "Knlorikmik " for a whole year. The Editor needed Baicon. In the far west of tho United States, almost every mining settlement has its own little paper, which is generally a one-man concern. In many cases the owner-editor is quite willing to tiiku goods instead of. inouoy. -- One such paper announced not long i.go that the editor find his family were in need of bacon, all sorts of gro.-ciies, hay uml firewood, and that lie was Hilling to exchange yearly subscriptions against any of these commodities. So far, no British paper has been run ou these linos, and nt present there does not seem to ljo any newspaper published ot a Icsb price than a penny. A rarthlng a Copy. It ic interesting, however, to recall the fact til at long before the halfpenny newspaper became a success, nn attempt was made to start n London daily nt n farthing. This was iri 11!r 1873, ' < wheu a curious little puper called 'Tho sije-a-penny or penny-a-week Tow i and Country Daily Newspaper" inr adc its appearance. Single copies cost a iarthing eucli. It ran for about three months. Much more recently, a local English paper was sold at (lie same price. Tin." was tho Weekly Parish Paper of Bowcrchalke, in Wiltshire, run by the clergyman of tbe parish, and—befor? the War—published at ono farthiog n copy. Printed aDd Published by ERNEST HENRY NEWMAN, tor "The Critic" Propty. Ltd., at IK Collins Street, Hobart, Tumult. of 