"Home Scenery Best" Queensland's Verdant Coast A Tourist's Impressions After a world tour with his wife,- Mr. H. G. Whiting, of tlie A.M. P. Society, Brisbane, has returned to sing the praises of Queensland's green-clad coast, and to point out that the Southern Rockies of Ame rica are not to be compared with the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Mr. and Mrs. AVhfting. left by "tho Orient liner Ormuz In Mui'ch last, and enjoyed a fine tour 6f all the Aus tralian capitals, including Hohart, be fore leaving lor Colombo.. They tra velled in the United Kingdom, Europe, U..S..-V.. and ill China and .Inpun. In his < onversation with. a "Telegraph" re porter yesterday, Mr. Whiting allowed Hi, it lie lind been an observant travel ler. After all Ills descriptions of scenes abroad it was fino .to hear Ills praise of tlie Queensland coast. "America, with Its barren patches between its ports, caiinoL compare wliii it," said Mr. Whiting. "Even between Los Angeles and San Francisco tliere are stretches of desert. And ' tlie Southern Rookies, a bout which wo beard so much, are not lo be compared wltli the Blue Mountains ot our own sunny land." Mr. Whiting was insistent on tlio fine picture which - tlio Queensland coast presented. In fact, he said, right from Tluirjday island to Adelaide, tlio Aus tralian const looks fine and verdant after- tlie smi-inirnt rocky coasts of America, with its barren lands between its ports. ' . THE EM DEN. At C'ocos Island the passengers of the .Ormuz saw the remains of the Eiuden, which the gallant Sydney- en countered. "Only a framework re mains," said Mr. Wliiting, "only a framework, nnd a portion 'of the' hull!" An interesting stay was inade at Colombo!- At Tort Said. Mr. "Whiting said, prices wcro ridiculously cheap. A pair of leather slippers could he bought for two shillings. On to Naples, past Corsica/and on to Toulon, where the travellers were interested in the street markets. The, Spanish' const was seen from "in close," and tlie Bay of, Biscay was like glass. Dis-' embarking at Plymouth; Mr. and Mrs. \\\ liiting went on to London and estab lished their lieadfiuartors fit lli'lvtnn WEMBLEY. Of course, Wembley Exhibition at tracted the tourists, arid Mr. AVliitZig was Impressed by. a fine model of an Australian station. "Tho model was no bigger than this room," said Mr.- Whit ing. "Inn it was great. There were shearing sheds, swncrmon. and every thing true to lifeA, Australia was well advertised, as a whole, no particular State being outstanding.- ; SHOPPING IN ENGLAND. Whiting missed very , little' that would interest- an Australian. He made a special trip, to see the Woolwich free ferry witli vehicles mid-sliips and passengers at each end. It ran continuously, and seemed always to lie packed. Tlie threepenny and six- benny stores in London took his fancy.' , One could buy a little saucepan for sixpence, but one had to pay another sixpence for tlie lid. . Everything was either threepence or -sixpence. There ' was a prejudice' against Australian fruit, and this was said to-be due to careless packing, faulty tins, &c.; The only place' at which .one saw Austra lian fruit displayed was at Covent Garden, where,. Australian apples made a brave show. -, "I could not buy Aus tralian mutton or beef in Brixton," said Mr. Whiting. "There was Canter- - bury mutton and Argentine ' chilled beef, but none from Australia." Can terbury mutton was sold at Is. 6rt..- while choice English fetched" 2s". . 6d. Danish butter,- -and butter !nnd mar garine mixed .were common. ' ' "IT'S A SMALL ORLB/V-".'!' Stafford, Manchester, and Glasgow were visited, and Greenock, Mr. Whit ing's home town. At Elgin (between Aberdeen and Inverness) Mr. and Mrs. Wliiting Visited the ruins -of a church, and signed tho visitors' hook, adding "Brisbane." As they .wore leaving a local lady, who had seen the ' hook, excitedly sought them. "Oh! do you come from Brisbane?" she risked. And her excitement was understood when she explained that she had a sister residing at Wynnum. Mr. Whit ing also "ran across" a -Air. Straclian in Scotland, whose brother is a chem ist in Mackay, Queensland. TI1I3 gentleman, said Mr. -Wliiting, was ex ceptionally good to tlieiib and mado their stay enjoyable, indeed. , AGENCY-GENERAL. . . Before going to Southampton to embark for America, tlie tourists called at tlie Agent-General's office in London. "I should like to acknowledge the courtesy of Mr. Dillon,'' said Mr. AVhiting. "Nothing qas too much trouble for I11111, and Hie gentleman at the eojnter (I do not know hi.s name) also was courteous and obliging.' Queensland's office is like a club at which Australians gather'." At South ampton they saw three' mammoth' liners, the Leviatlinn, Majestic, and Borengaria, eacli of over 50,000' tons, side by side in dock. The 13,000 tonner looked like a tug alongside them. THE U.S.A. Mr. and Airs. AVhiting . spent some time touring tlie United States. Air. AVliiliiig described the immigration arrangements as most annoying. The most absurd questions were asked of tpurists, although', passports already liad been provided before they left England. Americans were allowed ashore immediately, but, "aliens" (Mr. and Airs. AVhiting found themselves so described) were subjected to annoying examinations and delay which lasted from 4 o'clock in the afternoon until 9.39 at night. One result- of these tac tics lind been the departure of . tho . Aquitania from Southampton- to New York almost passengerless. Tlio trip liad to be made to keep the mail con tract. In Air. Whiting's opinion the English railways were easier to travel on than tlie American. They .wore more comfortable and ran more smoothly than tlie American, which roared and jolted. The English railways also wero free from tlie coal srnut which accom panied the American trnins aiid Incon venienced tlie travellers. This troulJle was absent on tho Los Angeles- San Francisco line, where oil was tho fuel. Air; AVhiting favourably was im pressed by the neatly tiled retail mar kets in America. These, lie said, wero refreshingly clean, and it was a pleasure to shop at tlio spotless stalls. His impression of tlio Japaneso pro blem in California was that it still was far from solved. JAPAN ANJ5 CHINA. Arr. and Airs. Wliiting eanie home via Japan and China, Toklo liad made a lino recovery from tlio earthquake, but Yokohama still was a wreck. The wharves tliero were twisted, and generally wrecked. At Shanghai Air. C. E. AVliiting, a customs ollicer, was awaiting his brother and slster- tn-law, and thero was a happy reunion. The war in China hud mado the cost of living very high, and generally trade was disorganised- From Hongkong tlie tourists returned via Afanlla and Thursday Island, to lie rewarded, as Mr. AVhiting pointed out, by tlio fino spectacle of tlie green' clad Queensland coast. GttAND OrERA. Atr. AA'lilting is a lover of music, and liis account of the tour was not complete without references to tho feasts which tliey enjoyed in London and Pnris. In London they hoard tho German Grand Opera Company with Gota Ljunglicrg singing the liamo part I11 Salome. They also heard Florence Austral as Bruiiliililo to tlie Siegfried of AVulter Kirclilioff. and hoard tlio British National and tlie Carl Rosa companies. In Paris tliey hoard the great Chaliapin. Air. AVIilt'.ng had only one word for those treats: superb. 