ANSWERS TO ENOUIRIPS "M. A. W."—The distanne from the Ade laide Railway Station to the Outer Harbour in 132 mPes (13 miles 60 chains SO links). "J. K." asks:'—A married woman owns a house,- and so has a vote "for the Upper House; can her husband, as occupier, have a vote also? Yes, if he pays his wife rent for the house. "OLD T1MK1S."—Sir Frederick (then Mr.) Holder's Ministry was in'power in South Aus tralia fiom December S, 2899, .to .May IS, 1901\. The lion. J..G, Jenkins's Ministry held office from May 16, 1501, fo March "1, 2005. They were both -Liberal OwrvmmrnU.' . "W1IJ.1PPA."—1. What, ja the best mixture for a round concrete (auk to. hold 140,000 gal lons?-'Six parts gravel to 'one part cement reinforced with expanded metal, particulars of which can be obtained from. Vi. & T. Rhodes. 2\. What is the best mixture to cement over a-; atone built tank? Two parts laritl smd one part cement. .... „ "KK1TY AKK" -stLs;-—nL'Arb' -dr^ shampoo powders good for ice hair? Nut as a rule; tbey VP best avoided. S. D;r curling .iron* harm' the •bar?? Ho, unless they ere used too hot, Tbey should be tried on Italtt paper first, aud if smoke eliruld arise or should tha- paper turn brown,. they are too Jiot. . The hair should first Of all" ho slightly damped or' very lightly •brushed with briTlisnfinc,. and' a goadwave should .result. Indierubper or. . tortoisaAcil curlers ere decidedly preferable .so racial outs. * "CHAMPION."—Tlie Parthenon at Athena la supposed to be the choicest spedtnen ot archi tecture on earth; For beauty ot detail and the most exquisite perception ot the highest and most recondite principles of are ever ap plied to architecture it is said to stand en tirely alone and unrivalled. Emerson wrote:— "Earth proudly wears the Parthenon Ae the best gem upon her tone." "VACATION."—The Murray Is navigable at all times in its lower readies from Blanche town downwards, but above, this port it ceases to be navigable at recurrent periods of low water. Generally navigation ceases above Hen mark early in the year, and is not resumed, except intermittently when the Darling contri butes a flush of water to the main stream, until after the winter rains have swollen the river at Albuiy. The river is usually at JU highest from August to November. The locking scheme was inaugurated to improve conditions at low water periods. "KEY."—To make apple water, remove the skin and core of the fruit; boil in a pint of [ water till reduced to a' pulp. Prcas, strain, and sweeten to taste. Serve hot or cold, as preferred. This makes a wholesome drink for a sick person. "BERTHA."—A "straight" drink is spiritu ous.. "PUPIL."—There is considerable controversy as to whether Horatius really kept the bride in "The orave days of old," but there seems to be no doubt that he was a real person. "1C50RANT."—An alien is a foreigner, but an alienist is a specialist in mental diseases. "ARGUMENT."—TheBank of England is not a Government institution, but a private bank, which has the Government as a customer, and which, for rendering certain services, has special privileges, such as issuing bank notes. H. ROBERTS.—We liave no such rule as you suggest, although we expect to be informed if a letter is seut also to another paper. Appar ently, your letter did not reach our office. "C.B.S.," Adelaide.—The readiest means to procure soldering solution to ras mall job is to dent a piece of galvanized iron with a hammer so that it will hold a spoonful of liquid. Pour I spirits of salts into the hollow, and the zinc ; surface of the iron will suffice to kill the spirits. "PARENT."—Write to the Principal, Adelaide School of Mines, North terrace, for a prospectus. "WILLIPPA."—An article on cement will I appear in The Register on Thursday next in i PMunn', "Hint, fftr flip Handv Man." | Fresco's "Hints for the Handy Man.' "E. A." ssks:—Can you identify the following coins, Ac., which I am unable to place;—1. Gold, slightly larger than a threepenny piece. One side, head and inscription of "Ceorgiua III., Dei Gratia," other eide crown in centre, under which is ilie date 1810. Inscription, "Fidei Defensor, Brilatonanum Rex." 2. Ap pears to be brass, and resembles a guinea. On one side, head and "Georgius III., l)ei Gratia." On the other a shield (spade), with charges as on a guinea of aame date (179Q), and inscribed as, "C.W.B. ET. CO. DG. I REX, FD. B.I.R.M 1790." 3. Silver (very much worn), larger than 1/. One side, head facing right "Hli" being one part of lettering which is decipherable. Other side, shield, with lion in second and third quarters—other two not plain. Shield sup ported by a column. Only part of lettering which is plain is, "HISPAN. ET IND. REX (A.J5. K. I am not certain of last three letters) The Assistant Keeper of Coins informs us:—1. This is a third-guinea (or seven shilling) piece of George 1H. Yaluo 10/ in good condition 2\. Tiiis is an imitation spade-guinea (brass), and is of do monetary value. There were a great number of varieties struck and used as card-counters. 3. Apparently, from the descrip tion given, a 2 reals of Charles IV. of Spain (1788-1808). Value 1/6 in good condition. "ARGUMENT," Coltowie:—1. Unless you can produce evidence fixing the date and place of your birth, we do not see how you can get registered now. 2. The Registrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Flinders street, Ade laide),, is able to supply certified copies of all registrations of births which have taken place, and which have been registered in South Aus tralia. A reasonable fee is charged for the trouble necessary to impart the information. "ROACH."-—1. Dawman, Long, k Co. have the contract for the North Shore Bridge in Sydney. 2. They are an English firm. "SHIFT."—The members of Mr. Crawford's1 Yaughan's Labour Ministry (April 8, 1915-July 14, 1017), were:—Crawford Vaughan, Treasurer and Minister of Education; Alfred William. Styles, Chief Secretary; John Howard Vaughan, Attomey-Ceneial; Clarence Gobde, Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, and -Minister of Agriculture; Harry Jackson, Commissioner of Public Works; Reginald Pole Blundel), Minis ter of Industry, Minister of Mines, and Minister of Marine. "GROWER."—Apple rot -causes brown, sunken patches, the diseased portion of the fruit baring a very bitter taste. The disease usually appears first when the fruit is about balf-growu, as minute spots, which continue to enlarge until several blend and form a large irregular patch, and not infrequently tlie whole surface Is covered. Potassium sulphide and ammoniacal copper carbonate have proved effective in America. "JIMMY."—Sister Olive won the Melbourne Cup in 1921. "DON CARLOS."—Your letter la excluded, because you have not disclosed your real name to us. Miss. £. A. WARD, Hill street, Kooringa (Buna), writes:—Ii "Semper Eaden" will send rac his or tier full address, 1 will send some verses of my own composition . on the Danish proverb, "The blind bird's nest is builded by God." It is entitled "He is our strength," and as it has been published, may. prebably be what is being enquired for. "KAROOM."—The qualifying age for an old age pension for a woman is 00 years. The limit of income, including the pension, is £78 per annum; and (be property limit is 4N00, not including a "home property" which is exempt. Where the property (monetary possessions, Ac.) exceeds £50, the rate of pension is affected by a deduction of £1 for every complete £10 in excess of £60. H yon will call at, or write to tlie Pensions and Maternity Allowances Office, Brookman Buildings, Adelaide, full particulars may be obtained. 