TO-DAY'S NEWS IN BRIEF. '? \- - Queensland. .Metropolitan -weather forecast for to 'day: Cloudy and cool, with occasional . showers, and moderate to fresh sojith > easterly ' -wind. Maximum temperature yesterday, 77.3deg.; minimum, 62dcg. Queensland forecast: Cloudy along Pacific slopes, with passing showers, chiefly on and near coast north from ffownsvillo and south from Tropic; otherwise generally fine, but some thundershowers probable in Eastern Car- pentaria; cool to moderate temperature. The payment of selection rents through, out Queensland for this year was due on Mareh 31, and of £700,495 demanded, Ü494.0S8 had so far been received by the Lands Department. The Cabinet yesterday, in view of the serious outbreak' of the pink, boll worm in Queensland, decided to immediately cnforce_ the anti-ratoon cotton laws, and to insist upon the destruction of all rntoon and standover cotton bushes. The Warwick Eisteddfod wai com- menced last night, but the session came to an abrupt close owing to Mrs. A. Beattie, the mother of a competitor, col- lapsing and dying almost immedihtely. A return prepared by the Registrar General gives the estimated population of the Brisbane metropolitan area on December 31 last as 235,687. The municipalisation of electric light, abattoirs, and the milk supply was fore- shadowed by the now Mayor of Brisbane (Alderman M. Barry) in an inteivicvv yesterday when he took office. Interstate. In accordance with the promise of the Tasmanian Government to the Common- wealth Treasurer, taxation ¡has been in- creased by 13/ per head of population. A request is accordingly being renewed by that State for Federal assistance. A lengthy caie, lasting a whole week, has just concluded at Darvyin, when damages were awarded against the Crown | Law Officer as the result of a collision between a motor ear and a sulky. The State Secretary of the Federated Ironworkers' Assistants'^ Union states that unless a resumption of work is decided upon at Lithgow, as the result of the conference, all employees at the iron woiks will become involved. An application has been made on be- half of Francesco Lubrano, who recently secured a divorce from his wife, for the attachment of Luigi Vitalli, Italian Con- sul for Sydney, who was cited as co- respondent. The costs of the action amounted to £2030. Miss Gladys Moncrieff, the well-known musical comedy actress, secured a verdict by consent in her action for damages against Reginald Martin Macadam. .This was tho outcome of a motor collision, which occurred on January 21. The attendance at the opening .hy of the Royal Agricultural Show, at Sydney, was 1000 in excess of the figures for last year. A letter which was posted from Croy- don (N.S.W.) on January 8, to an ad- dress at Enfield (N.S.W.), has just been delivered, after travelling 25,000 miles. Labour leaders in New Zealand are confident that the ballot which is at \- - present being taken among railway em- ployees will result in a majority of 80 per cent, in favour of a strike. The Sydney Observatory records an ex- tensive earthquake, centred approxi- mately 3400 miles from Svdney. It is considered probable that the occurrence happened at Sumatra, or in the Philip- pines. Frank Gordon Tolley has been charged at the Sydney Central Court, on a pro- visional warrant, with having at Ade- laide, as trustee, appropriated the sum 'of £0000. Bail was fixed at £2000. As the result of a collision between a tram and a motor at Goodwood (South Australia) one person was killed and three others injured. Accusations against police methods were made in the Melbourne Court of General Sessions yesterday, when an accused person stated that a written statement given by him had been altered to suit the police. Accused was found guilty. An infant child, aged three weeks, was killed at Menindie yesterday, as the re- sult of an accident caused through the horse in a sulky bolting. Sir James Mitchell, Premier of West Australia, "has resigned. Mr. Collier, Leader of the Labour Party, has been sent for by the Governor to form a Ministry. An important conference took . place yesterday between the Pi ¡me Minister and. members of .the New South Wales Cabinet on questions concerning finance, land settlement, uniform railway gauge, and uniform arbitration laws. Edward Williams, who was . found .guilty of the Paddington murder, vv ill pay the supreme penalty. This is the out- come of a decision by the Cabinet, who met yesterday to reconsider the previous decision. The personnel of the new Labour Ministry in South Australia has been announced, and members will he sworn in to-day. Mr. Gunn takes the portfolios of Premier, Treasurer, and Minister of Irrigation and Repatriation. International. The British Prime Minister stated on Monday that the Government had no in- tention whatever of selling the Govern- ment holding in the Anglo-Persian Oil Company. Armed naval launches shall escort steamers on the Hongkong-Kongmoon run to protect them from Chinese pirates. 'In th'o riouse of Commons orr Monday tlio first leading of the Agricultural Wages Bill, providing for the fixing of a minimum wage by district boards, was passed. . Following the defeat of the Liberals in tire Danish elections the Leader of the Socialist Party has accepted the King's invitation to form a Ministry. The New York " quack,'1 who was con- victed on a charge of the manslaughter of a little girl who died from diphtheria after ho had treated her for spinal trouble, has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Lord Ashtown, who claims to be the most hated man in Ireland, has been arrested in Dublin. The police refuse to divulge the charge. The Turkish National Assembly has ratified tho Treaty of Friendship with Germany. A sample consignment oE mixed grade mica from Alice Springs, Northern Terri- tory, realised the excellent 7>rice of 8 dol- lars (about £1/12/) per lb. in New York. Tho passage hy the United States Senate of the Immigration Bill, provid- ing for tito exclusion of Japanese, has Ireeu made doubly certain by the action of the Japanese Ambassador in sending a letter to the Secretary of State, which Senators declared contained veiled threats, and said that the Gentlemen's Agreement hod been abrogated by the letter. No newspapers will be published in Eng- land on Good Friday. Three rebel generals, seven colonels, and one majoj; were tried by court martial in Mexrco, and were executed. 