THE FEDERAL BUDGET. TAXATION DEPARTMENT ATTACKED. Melbourne, August 19. Mr. Scullin, resuming the debate on the [?]adget in the House of Representatives to-day, accused the Taxation Department of great laxity in having furnished only one report :n six years, while under Labor 4 .rtverniients a r.-rs-irt was fiirnisha^d every >ear. He eoi._pi.uuod of the fart that nearly CIsO.CKXI was outstanding for land tax without any explanation being given, j Mr. Parker Moloney—No poor men I among them. I Mr. i-x-uilin felt sure of that. The Gov ernment had never yet given the informa tion asked for respecting Crown lease holders" a_T<*ars. He ountrastr-d the treat ment of these debtors with that aoDOrded to Crown lessees in the Ncuthern Terri tor-y. where a long list of men in arrear in amounts raniting from £7 to 2/6 was published broadca-st. jeers and laughter. 1 Sir Sidney Kidman owed the Commonwealth £100.000 for taxation. j..f which £23,000 was on freehold land. i He bad paid no taxation for seven or eight years. He challenged tbe Government to place ail the papers in connection with <"--ir Si-iney Kidman's case on the table. The Prime Minister said a.-harges against the Commissioner of Taxation must not be lightly laid, and every chance should be given for tbe regulations to work. Mr. Scullin said the Treasurer's own figures showed that over £2,000,000 was o.it-stajidmg as land tax. Mr. Mackay congratulated tbe tlovern o.eot on the early introduction of the Bud get- He asked for a renewal of the sugar agreement and a reduction of tbe passage ; money for immigrants. „ i Mr. Lazzarini advocated the appointment : of a Royal Commission to enquire into; matters affi'cting the coal industry. Mr. Corsrr said f4irther assistance should be given to the sugar, fruit, maize, and other northern industries. Mr. Gabb denied that t_______.tion kept' money out of industry. He protested , against the reduction of the income tax. { He asked for assistance for the fruit in- j dustry, which was languishing, and e6peci-! ally assistance fur tbe grape-growers. ' Mr. Gabb insisted that Murray Bridge was the proper site for the laboratory proposed to lie erected in that district in stead of Morgan or Renmark, as Murray Bridge was a great railway centre. Mor gan would be the worst possible place for a hospital and laboratory. He read let ters from "allowance" postal officials, one of wham complained that she bad to find premises and provide ber own light and work from 9 &_?___. to 6 p.m., for -_.">-' per month. ("Oh," and laughter.) Yet the tnivernment could afford lo give milbons to big men in postage and other reduc tions. Mr. Paterson congratulated the Trea surer on his Budget. The prospects of agriculturists were clouded and their I'fforts hampered by the high duties on agricultural implements. Australian but ter was handicapped compared with Danish, by 3Jd. a Ib. I iYogrefis was reported. I 