tential productivity of Central Aus tralia. Thanks tor faclliUeB given for visiting this unique country. Will see yoH in Melbourne to make sug gestions based on what I bave «een." Central Australia 1B generally look ed upon as a bowling wilderness, a no man's land, a big daddy of a desert, a Place where it only rains once in a blue moon, a country which would not keep a rabbit to the square mile, or something to that effect, by those who only know by what they have rea<i or heard, but Mr. Stefausson went and saw for himselif, with the result set forth in the telegram. There is probably some truth in the assertion that nobody knows so lit tle about Australia as. the average Australian himself. However, if the Government is expected to do any thing the explorer la relying upon a very broken reed Judging by the Northern Territory, a place that is be ing very half-heartedly attended to, and as for developing the country don't mention it. It has often been pointed out that the electric current ig not a thing to monkey with or treat with indiffer ence, and oare muBt be taken that famllarity does no't bree^ contempt. If care is not taken it may get yon at any time, and the next thing will be to meaure yon for a long narrow box and a funeral, conducted with the usual solemnity. A man was driving a two-horse lorry near Perth, W.A., when suddenly the horses fell down dead, to the astonishment of every body. It was subsequently discovered that die cause of the horses' death was a 6000 volts electric current, whloh, through some defect, had escaped from an electric light Pole and run through the earth across the road. ? » A re«cent telegram from Perth seemed to indicate that there 1B something secret in the wind, (for It was stated that a party of British naval ratings was on board a steam er bouna for Sydney. ThlB party is believed to be on a mysterious com mission, thonght to be connected with an experiment in warfare, and said to be something on the lines of the death ray. wherewith the Air Minis try is experimenting in eon Qflptlon with the destruction of air ships. Bather a long way to come to carry ont experiments, and if the matter is mysterious how did it be come known what the object of the visit wast Perhaps some pressmen rrm waving his thinking cap instead of an ordinary Panama, and had to eoponnt for the presence of the visi tor swnehow. Row would it do to experiment witty - the death ray While in Sydney on-No you don't -M. Motor earn about Brisbane some- ' ttmea travel at the rate of from 50 to 60 miles per hour, and apparently It Js "dell take the consequences." | A oar was doing so the other night and the driver tried to turn a cor ner without Blowing down wttta the result that it tried to knock down a two-storey house. This la what the roaring monster did :-Striking the closely palinged fence the car tore up two panels, and after crush ing a glancing blow into the comer post of the house, demolished a further five panels of wire netting two-railed fence, smashed two side windows, and came to rest against the wall of the house, in which crockery and other articles were knocked down off the shelves, so the crack must have been something more than just a little pat. At the Australian and New Zea land Lunch Club in London the other day, Mr. Austen Chamberlain I was present and although, consider- | ing where he was, there iB a BUS- ^ piclon that he was talking to the 1 gallery, his remarks may have been sincere enough. He is reported to have said in connection with Im- j perlal unity, that the decisive voice | on a policy of common action rested with the Dominions. It they agreed . to such a course, the Motherland j will immediately give it effect. The j fortunes of Europe must resect on the newer nations, therefore it was j very important that the Dominions | should constantly be in touch with j Britain. j Referring to the re»ult of the Victorians elections, it may be re called that the present Labor Go vernment was not really the first in Victoria, as in 1918 there was the short-lived Elmslie Ministry, which failed to reach the treasury benches. When the House met Sir Alex. Peacock took the seat which Mr. Prendergast had had for 85 years, and the Country party, ex cepting Mr. Dunston, went into the corner with the Liberals. Mr. Dun stan waB the only non-Labor member on the Speaker's right, indicating his intention to give the Government a fair run. Then the HOUBC went into recess for a month, no donbt to enable members to have a rest after the strenuous election cam paign, or to go into training for the wordy welfare which is likely to ensue whe£ the holiday is over. The Ipswich "Times" recounts an amusing little incident which oc curred at a meeting of the Q.P. and A. Society, which was discus - ing plans for suitably celebrating tbe Jubilee of the institution. After one member had s&ld; "We can get right bapk to the time when mem bers of the committee argued around a row of candles np till midnight about double-yolked eggs." a pro posal was made to add a baby show to the Spring Show, in connection with which It was suggested that entries should be free, provided the exhibits were given to tbe commit tee to auction. When it was Pro posed to add a baby show to the attractions, another member creat ed some diversion by asking whe ther the exhibits In the baby sec tion would be auctioned, bat he was assured that the condition would not be applied to the babies, which no doubt afforded much relief to the thousands of motherB of bounc ing babies In Ipswich-that is if the habit of having them is at prevalent as it la In Barcaldine. A boy who has never had & hid ing before reaching the age of 17 must be a sort of curiosity, and the C.P.M. at Brisbane seemed to think so. I could not gay If the magistrate knew by experience, but It would seem to indicate that he had his share of whacks, when he was a boy, Mr. Archdall was dealing with tbe case of an apprentice to a horse trainer, who said that his master gave him a hiding, and told him to go home. He weht. it was the first time that he had received a hiding. "You have been very fortunate," commented the magistrate. "Few boys have got to the age 0t 17 years without getting a hiding." The boy Agreed to go back to his employer and that ended the case. The unhealthy north again! A part of the Commonwealth that white people cannot work In, although they may manage to exist, and tn which only colored labor should be em ployed to develop It. Daring June there were fifteen deaths In the Herberton Hospital, and that proves it someone will proclaim. Bat . does it? Ab it happens Are of the patients were aged 66, 69, 86, 86. and 89 re spectively. If all these were men it is more than probable that they both smoked and drank all their lives, which is a pity because if they had not they may have lived to quite a decent old age. Interesting item about sheep which iB worthy of a place in this column because the sheep la IT, and its pro duce is the only thing that keeps the wheels of industry turning without pause or accidents er other com plaints which occasionally Interrupt the regular flow of the lubricant whtch everybody wants and which nobody can do without. A wire from Melbourne states ft is estimated that new lambs this season will number 25,000,000. The compiler states that allowing for killing and deaths from natural causes our flocks should In crease by 10,060,000 this year. Ex perts hope, in two more seasons, the number oC sheep in Australia will be 100,000.089. Australia wilt be there; This is not a boast bat a plain fact unadorned by frills and drawing on the im agination. It haB been there-first already in lots of things too numer ous to mention, and now an Austra lian baby, hailing from Melbourne, has been adjudged the bonniest baby in the Empire, and at the same time Picked up a prize of £200. This was at the Rational Baby Week Competi tion at Wembley, and there were 60. .00 entries. Over half of them came from the BritiBh Isles. There were also stevara 1 colored babies, and a baby from China just failed to win a. prlee. At Public auction at Bega (N.S.W.) recently, a record was established when £3/12/ per acre rental was paid 'or a five years lease of the Racecourse Farm. 118 acres. The previous rental was £2/7/5 per acre. _n - The wharfief of Brisbane want four 8mokos dally, as naturally they are not allowed to Indulge In My Lady Nicotine while at work, and the Federation went to the Arbitration C»urt to obtain the right. But Judge Maonaughton turned down the appli cation. stating th"t It wan of great Importance that the cost of handling cargoes should not he Ineronsed with out erood reason. Evidently wanting a smoke Is not n good reasan for knocking off work; bnt tbere now By FHEELANCB. A recent visitor to Sydney deelared that there wag undoubtedly oil Is New Guinea, but the thing wae to find the lipht places, and then I enp fo«t flndlngB would be keeping* while the natlvea, the real owners of the ooantry, merely look on. But New Guinea ie not singular in haying oil whUh nobody .can find, (or Queens land Buffers troai the same «om plaint. We are assured the oil is here, j but where? Plenty of traees, yes, | but one wants something more than traces, we want to find where the traees come from, and the thing is to find where. another body of men In Brisbane - with a grievance be canoe they can not have everything their own way, . blaming the Government, the capital ists, and everybody else <conoerned" and wanting to know whattnel In creasing the cost of handling cargo has to do with It. While speaking at the Agricultural Co-pperatton Conference In London,. Sir Joseph Ceok said that the Au« trallan trouble was to get Into the British market. He wanted to eee ten Danish and Dutch labels in the win dows and more Australian and New Zealand. He did not want to Me Go vernment intervention In the co operative movement beyond giving its blessing. The speaker provoked1 laughter when he added that "What ever Australia else can do she pro duces bonny babies." This was of course la reference to the younjp Victorian's success at Wembley, anff in addition to the handsome prise of £200 won it Is thoaght the State' should do something tn acknowledg ing the honor conferred upon H of producing the Empire's bonntart baby. The Land Board for the Northern Territory has been appointed and by their works we shall know them in doe course. It (Consists of Messrs. William Baton (chairman), Walter W. 'Williams (deputy chairman) ahd William B.. Hleke. All three hare' had an extensive experience In con nection. with land. The first two are returned soldiers. Williams has had 16 years experience In the Depart ment of Public Lands, Brisbane, end' during the last eight years he has. been L*ftids Commissioner In Tartoiufc districts is North Queensland. Mr. Hicks has been connected with land: administration for 20 years. For the. last 18 years he has been lands offi cer sf the Northern Territory branch^ of the Rome and Territories Depart ment. *he same visitor also referred .» a toe ooal seam In New Ireland, 40 miles from Rabanl. which runs right .©roes the Island. This coal seam bad been opened by the Cftmong ju»t before the outbreak of war, bat the discovery had'been kept secret, as the Germans did not want to encourage mining In their territory. However, they might as well have made some thing out of it while they owned K. They have lost It now, so perhaps the new owners will encourage the In dustry, and wlth plenty of native labor, which does not want too many holidays, it might be an excellent proposition. The group settlement of Western Australia appear tp hare rather missed the bus-the great ex pectations anticipated to result have Dot been realised. Sir James Con nolly is reported to have admitted that the scheme was not working al together on the right lines. They were obtaining a class of men from London with no money at all, and Inexperienced. Yet these men were expected to pay back meney aft vaaeed at the rate of £2 per month, which was often bqyond them. Many immigrants have arrived, believing thing* to be entirely different to what they are, ana nearly to per peat. of the Immigrants arrived heavMy In debt, both to the Commonwealth and the British Oovernmentfl. Somebody btoidered? The farmers down sooth consider ttifre Is a combine in force which is doing ltg level beBt to keep the rab bits (rowing fn order to make con siderable profit ant of the sktas. ft costs the combine nothing to feed the antoftta which vrodnoe the far, hut! tht v*Btoralists have to do that in- | tead of being able to keep more ; sheep. A proposal is made lor the ! Fedeiml ?k>vemment to take over the coB*ro). of the rabbit iMn trade from thfc Tool, fixing the'price of shins at 4 f to 8/ per lb. In order to Induce trappers to eliminate the pest In 2*ew South Wales In, nay, three years. It fs slated that the pest has .caused a lost to Australia of between £20, 061,990 to <t6,O#O»0W) annually. Sotrth Atrloa likes to buy our >tgd sheep; they an now alter our trees, but thene ean be no objection to that, especially when they are considered suitable for growing in barren places. So far they do not seem to want any of out national debt, «r overdrafts, or peats, or unemployed. The trees are wanted for planting In what was tatpwa as the "high veldt" in 8. Afrtoa, wldcfe was tree'ess, and the object of getting suitable timbers from Aiftrtralia was largely to nrovidie eh otter tor stoelt and other general purposes. The fees particularly favored are a new sPecies of eucalyp tus, and some bteohbutt, which thougft not highly regarded in Aus tralia, were prised In Sonth Africa where it would he tried on the Door soils. They were already planting yellow and grey box and red lron bafH. Why not try some gidyea? This is flxcellent for fence posts and flre woog, while the odor is quite bear able when one befiotnns to ft. A bit ©I interest's# new* tor many AuBtnrtlanu Is that llr. gtetausson. wlio hma been prowling about the1 unknown parts of the Commonwealth, sent Mr. Bruce a teleprram renfllnp as follows:-Mntib impressed wttla waMerM beauty, a»d p» 