"Soul of Honour" 1 i Farewell to Mr. Huxham Tribute from Mr. Gillies ! The citizens of Brisbane this morn- : ing bade faretvcll to the new Agent- j Gonorttl, Mr. John Utixhum. In response , to -the invitation o£ thu Mayor, AJd. M. J. Barry, a representative gathering 1 of citizens assembled in tho City Coun- cil Chambers. Included were repre- , sontativos of tiic Cabinet, members of ; Parliament, . local . authorities, com- j mereial men, and the citizens gener- i nlly. The Lord Mayor of Sydney. Sir David i Gilpin, also was presenlr j The Mayor said (list they had as sembled as an act of courtesy lo a citizen honoured by tlio Government by appointment to oho of tlie highest positions overseas. ' The citizens co operated in tho belief licit u in n of Mr. Huxliam's commercial. ability could do good work In Queensland, but as those positions overseas liad to be filled tho Government bad 'chosen a good man. It could not bo better, .re presented- in Loudon than hj- Mr. llux- liam, Although lie was going lo -liis homeland, lie would be. as' it were, exiled for five, years from tlio land which ho had made his home. He was one of the first in the Labour party to attain Cabinet rank, and had held tliat rank for nino years. The schools of Queensland had benefited greatly under 'his administration. Tho Minister for "Agriculture (Mr. AV. N. Gillies) apologised for the absence of tho Premier (Mr. Theodore):" He (Mr. Gillies) abhorred spceelimnk- ing — ho would rather be in liis otiice working — that was why Parliament got on his nerves at times. There was too much talking. (Laughter.) After referring to the sterling qualities of (Mr. Huxham, lio. wished liim success. Ho did not believe with tho late Agent - General that the- office was a; sinecure to be abolished. He differed, from tho Premier on that point. Queensland had more to gain than other States by the retention of the office. AVith the States competing for trade in London, thoy .were entitled to have a represen tative. It "would be a different, matter if oniy one office was there "for . Aus tralia. The problem to-day tvas. not of production so much as The organi- eatlon and marketing of products. The cry in the Avar had been, "produce, produce, produce," but they hud seen tho bottom fall out of markets.' Ho tvas not going to condemn' the. present British'- Government for fuilng to give preference to the Dominions. ' But under the state . of tilings abroad, there ivas.a.great opportunity for Mr. Huxhum to help to open up neiv mar kets for Queensland. " "John Huxham is 'the soul of honour," concluded Mr. Gillies, '.;and lie 1ms the business ability .to 'carry' on tlio work. As a mate and a friend/ 1 esteem him,- and ivish him and his good lady- a pleasant; term abroad, and a hapfiy return to Queens land." BUSINESS MEN'S FARE WELL. Mr. F. AY, de Littie; on. behalf of the Chamber of Commerce, -'-paid' a high tribute to Mr. Huxham's Integrity and business ability, and Mrs. Huxham's, very' good , 'work on 'behalf of -.various institutions. , Aid. A. A. Watson (Mayor of Too- ivong); spoko as the representative of tho Chambers of Manufacturers. Tlio time 'was - never .more . opportune for tlio prosenco of a "live wire" in Lon don/ Ho had- -never, beeri in' favour "of the State butchers' shops, but be would dike to see them-. transferred to Britain, where they, could sell Queens land moat " direct to British Avorkers. A llvo salesman Avas needed to pre vent . Queensland butter (from being sold In Britain as Danish, and Queens land mutton as NeAV Zealand. Tho quality of the. goods aa-as all right, but better salesmanship was needed. Mr. H. A. Manaban (president of the Brisbane Traders' Association), and Dr. J. P. Thomson (Royal- Geographi cal Society) also spoke.. ... The Mayor then presented Mr. .Hux ham aa'lth a ivallet containing a "cheque from -the citizens. MR. HUXHAM'S REPLY. . Mr. Huxham, who Avas received with cheers, said tliat It would be hard' for him to live up to their high praise.' He -purposed laying himself out to do his very utmost for Queensland. His business interests would remain here.. He would 'not boast of Avhat he 'would do in London. It was the man'iyho put off his armour, not the man who put it on, who should boast. ' Ho Avas hoping at the end of five years- to re turn and be congratulated on good work done. Ho would say, however, that the people should feel that tho State liad nothing to be ashamed of in its commorient and political life. Pie had heard comparisons between Queensland and "Victoria, for Instance. They should remember that Queens land AA-as eight times' the size of A'ic- toria, with half its population. In rallAvuys upd other matters, (the com parison Avon Id be unfair. They should take a pride in their State. . People AA'ere coming from the south to settle in Qiieensiand. They wore not of a had typo. There Avas no crime here lilto . there was in Victoria, although Queensland liad been described as a Bolshevik State. He believed in immi gration Avith careful selection. -America Avas getting the very best of the migrants from Great Britain and Ireland. That Avas . what .Ave Avero up against. High Avages - Avero offered skilled artisans in the U.S.A. — £24 to £30 por Aveek. We should also see that Ave got creditable immigrants. Ho' Avould do all tliat he could . for .all classes of Queenslanders. ' 1-Ie ivoifid also do liis best oh behalf of tho Education Department. He ivould not rush Into l)ig speculations needing large sums of money, but would ex periment AVhero possible in tlio hope of leading lo something better. He mentioned that ho recently liad lukon shares in a company Avhich hoped to establish steel ivorks in Queensland. (Hear, hear.) Ho ivould do ills best to help to build up the secondary, industries of the State, lie hoped that in tho fli'G years during ivhlcli he would bo away tlie State ivould progress in population and til every other ivny. He thanked. them for tlioir appreciation and encouragement. Ho and Mrs. Huxham loved tho State, and would do tlioir best for it. (Ap plause.) Cheers then wero given for Mr. nnd Sirs. Huxham. and, at tho instance of Mr. M. ,T. Kirivnn (Assistant Homo Secretary), the health of tlio Mayor ii'n s honoured. Mr. Klrwan paid a- trlbute to Mrs. Iluxham, who. lie said, tvas a splendid partner for her hus band. 