Svdnov. Tuesday. Dr., liarje Page, Pod oral Treasurer, spcaklug^it ^/ithgQw last night,prodic tod another surplus for this year.- iThis was largely the result of incrcaaad cus toms andf^'venue from expanded im ports through excessive balanites abroad. It wail thought the surplus could be best uppliod to the reduction of the National Debt. A route march through tho Sydnev streets of about 1000 sailors of ^ the veiling British Squadron is propoeod. It is -also suggested that warships in tlie Harbour bo illuminated for one night. The State Treasurer, replying to criticisms of his action in ronewing the 10J millions of loans before maturity, says lie is satisfied that he has saved tho general taxpayer about £GQO;OOq during the. ten years of currency. In doiun so he luis acted in fJio interests of t!.e smallest us well ua the largest taxp: ycr. " At the Sydney wool sales yesterday meri::38 ruled from 5 to 71 per cent.' allow tile December clobing rates. Grcsi: y comeback uiade u. new rceord for the v.-ason at 86Jd per lb. Mr. Farcjuhnr, director of the Cocka too Dockyard, replying to a deputation, which asked for pay for extended Christ, mas holidays, said that to pay the men for tlie period ill question would entail XSOOH. lie addod that it was incum beut mi tho Board to make the Island !»>'? Lwsw amounting to £1,028,895 have been incurred by the War f-Servicc lioiur:< Commission to June ol' last year. Action will shortly be takeu by the l-'cderuted Union of Australia to'havc the busie wago revised. The union offi cials state that dissatisfaction regarding the existing basic wage dates back to l.'Wr. Posting or seniority lists relating to the li)17 strike is likely to cause dis satisfaction and resentment in the rail way ami tramway services. A promifi- j fiit official remarked yesterday that tho position is wholly inflammable. It is j believed that appeals will run into big figures, for there nre ]o,000 men con-! i-erned, j Mr. Dunn, secretary of the Actors' Federation, says the Theatrical Alliance. | does not rely on Government action to keep out Italians. If those interested in Italians deny just support to Austra lians a great surprise my bo expected. The Melbourne llcturned Soldiers' League is strongly incensed at tho ap pointment of Mr. Turnbull, President of the Victorian branch of the organisa tion, as Assistant Publicity Officer of the Commonwealth Immigration De partment at £10 per week. The posi tion was not advertised, and it is claim ed that others were denied the oppor tunity of applying. It has becu decided not to send ;ui Australian lawn tennis team to compete in the Olympic games. William Treno'wber was found dead on Mi" Haven station in the Broken Hill district, with a gun beside him. Part of his head was blown off. He hud a piece of string tied to his fool, the other end being connected with the trigger of the gun. Colin HONS, aged lb. was remanded at Brisbane Police Court, on a charge i>f having, at Waverlcy, X.S.W., fraudul ently appropriated to his own use the sum of £2 10s, the property of Hordio HI id tiorman. A ceording to the police evidence, the accused visited the police station and saidi "I have come to give myself up. I stole between £S0 and £!>u at (Sydney. It is worrying me." At the Vorthcote. Poiice Court, Vic toria, Ijihvard liairc, a retired grazier; Jalnv. Lcei-, an estate agent uud William Hobinson, agent, were committed for trial on/a. conspiracy charge in which j) was alleged that by forging a will they defrauded the Government of over £2000. During the week-cud a racing ear own ed by Miss C. Campbell, of Double Bay, was stolen. Yesterday the remains of the car were found « few miles outside of Waterfall. Tho motor, which was valued at £1100, had been burnt to cin ders. Between ;i0 and 40 objections have becu lodged with the registrar of the. Commonwealth Arbitration Court against the registration of the Austra lian Workers' Union, otherwise known us the One Big Union. The case will come on for hearing next month. The objection of the Employers' Association if* that the Constitution euutiiitiH matter contrary to law. Ivanhoc Colliery at Portland has now been idle fifteen weeks, which means a loss of over £10,(300 in wages to the men. Seven pits are now idle ou the Northern coal field. A Perth message states that ]LV!7 ..at tic liave been slaughtered tu date under the direction of the Board of Control in tho Rinderpest quarantine areas. ? Twon ty days havo passed sjnee the last ease of Uinderpcst was roported. William Holmes was committed for trial at Bathurst on a charge of escaping from gaol, and on four charges of break lug, entering and stealing. Accused re marked: "I didn't escape. Wheu the Governor's back was turned I siropJv walkcd away from my plough and wont out. I didn't intend.to cseape." The Australian team for the "Davis Cup will bo chosen by three selectors in-' stead of one, namely, Brookes, Victoria,1 Hicks, N.S.W., and Thomas, South Aus tralia. Nominations close on March 15. Serious injuries were sustained bv Mrs. Itecce, of Cabarita, in attempting to save her infant son from being run over, by a tram yesterday afternoon. The child was badly cut about the head and internally injured, while the mother was knocked dowu aud suffered severe wouuds to the fuce. The child is not expected to recover. ? v The disastrous losses which were in curred in the working of the Common wealth line of steamers during the .finan cial year 1922/23, have absorbed all the | balance of accumulated 'profits, and there is now an actual deficit ou the whole transactions of the line of £G5fl,000. A dispute at Weslport colliery, New Zealand, iVhich comniunccd in Septem ber last, was satisfactorily adjusted yesterday. la the event of the men re turning to work, pending proseculioun against the miners for conducting an illegal strike, and against the owners for instituting a lock-ottf, will ' be with drawn. The steamer Kiauga struck the bar at Bateman's Bay' on Saturday, when bound for Sydney with a cargo of hard wood. The vessel returned to port aud unloaded. Bertie Joseph Wilson, u well-known resident, was committed for trial at-tlie Waggu Polico Court m a ohargo of bhoop stealing. The police eviduuee given was that a. heap of carcases of sheep wus found iu a lonely out of .ilio way place, and examination revealed that tho deaths had boon caused by the smashing In of their tdculls with some heavy instrument. A Short distance nway . iri a shcarlugahCd was located also n number of hales -of wool. ' Lo^et. The. woman who was admitted to the Sydney. Hospital suffering from ? loss -o£ memory has boon Identified usMjre. I«. <3.1'at-ker, Pnddiugton, '' . " , A-verdict of suicide wliilo temporarily insane has boon recordcdat Auckland in the case ofLiout. Alex. Anderson, of tho warship Wiilomcl, who shot him self on Sttuday: . A)letter.toflgirl was taking this nctlpn becauso , hc tould novcr- mako fitmtig \l/o his worrying disposition. . <<Ihftvo thought It all out," he .added. Officers stated Sir John < -gydnoy, wlio returned to day from an extensive tour abroad, in :ui interview, said ho was confident Australia is (lie best country in tin1 world. lie found Australian butter to bo uiieiiunllod anywhere, des pite tliat it was being palmed o(f as Hie best Danish product. Oscar Millman, residing at Abbcts ford, nm;; uji liis mother on the 'phone yesterday afternoon, saying In- had booked seats for the entire family that evening at the Leiehhardt Picture Show, lie promised to jnect them outside tho show, but failed to put in an appear ance. An enquiry elicited tliat he had not booked any treats, so the family returned liouie, only to discover that Millinun wns being treated at. a neigli bouring surgery for poisoning. lie died later in Prince Alfred Hospital. A l'Veinantle message stales tliat all hopes that the rinderpest outbreak was definitely under control were shattered to-day, when the lust cow for slaughter showed unniist.-ikeal.de signs of the dread disease at post-mortem. A man whose name is believed to be Cornelius Hcunessy, was found lying dead in a doorway in Adelaide-street, JBrisbaiit', last night. Iu one pocket was a letter, which read, "(iood-bye; no tucker for a week.-' Deceased had a bullet wound iu the head and a iive ehambcrcd revolver grasped in.his right hand. Tine, warm and sultry weather pre vailed over N.S.W. yesterday. Marvellous Double Accident. Between Churicville and liulloo, in Queensland, a sulky overturned, and a boy named Page received injuries -which included broken ribs driven into his lungs. He was, uncording to what the doctor said later, booked for .the long journey; bu$ the motor cur in which lie was being conveyed to hospital also came to grief, and in the second smash tho broken ribs were jolted out of the lungs, and the bov will now reeovcr. The last SO miles of the journey Pago was convoyed by relays of willing bush folk. We have received a pamphlet entitled " Fragments on Land Settlement.'' ? This little book is by Mr. H. 1!. lit Wjlliaui, a well-known authority on this subject. Tlie'trainp steamer Ikala, which arri ved lately at. Newcastle, reported lhat in the Arafura Sea the ship ran. into dozens of snakes from 2 to 1ft. long, of a creamy color with durk spots, Tho snakes were very narrow, but several inches deep. We fancy to have hoard of just that kind on laud. Ko prohibi tion about the Ikala. 