Y7? JITS OF THE DAY. An eaiiy opportunity xvill lie taken bv iixc Prime "Minister to oxxound in greater (lot nil tli,; proposalR of the Gox'ixrnmf.nt tor assisting exporting industries in find ing market h ovei-seds by apportioning part of the customs surplus of £5,000,000 and molting uii appropriation out of next year s revenue. Mr. Hnice has already indicated that this assistance would lie given ill the overseas market itself, on the sen during transit and within the Coro- monweaith or State. While it is intended that the scheme should lie pxit into opera tion during the present financial year, it does not necessarily follow that any money xvill he spent Kxiore the end of June. I he evidence so far m ailable sug gests: that certain industries xvill have to improve their organisation considerably heloro they qualify ;or Government assist am.!. It. was expressly stipulated that h'dp in any of tile directions mentioned must, he preceded h.v independent action on the part of industries to place their i work on an efficient, lxasi?, and to satisfy the Government that, permanent result.! would ho achieved. Recent, disclosures oi' the shipment of rubbishy fruit from Tas mania, and the complaints of excessive prnport ions of blemished apples in graded consignments, suggest that- efforto for im proved organisation, accompanied by a real and effective inspection, arc required m the fruit industry. Australian butter i is realising TV per cwf. in London leas than the Danish product.. The proposed meaMixe to -i i; u t e a dairy produce lioni'd to control marketing is still in the stage ol" preliminary discussion. In sharp contradistinction to the anima tion displayed on t.lic preceding evening when the Redistribution Bill wns under consideration, the proceedings in the Legislative Assembly yesterday were par ticularly dill). Tliia wns primarily due to the fact that although the matter unr.cr dirvussir j — tho McLropolitnn Ga.'c Company 8 Ant— was an important one the attendance of members was cxeccd- ingiy fpru-so. The bitter humor of the Government's time wasting with the Gas HiJl was made fully apparent when that measure was again presented for conside ration. The iirfit amendment submitted yesterday was one by the .Minister of Railways altering the age of tho bill. Last year it. was hailed in the first clause as "The Motropelitan Gas Company's Art lOUib ' Time and ,tho dallying of the authorities has altered that— UJiia has passed. The bill now, in accordance with the Minister's amendment, i:; to lie cited ns "The Metropolitan Gas Company's Act hot.'' The second sub-section of -the clause was one which stated "this act shall come into operation on a day not lottr than the first day of Junumy, Again time has defeated the in- tenuous of Government. Accordingly the so-cond amendment- of the .Minister wns one altering t.ho date ot the coming into operation of the bill tili Mlhc tirst day oi January, 1925." " Xot long ago tho Minister of Justice iu Now South Wnleu, returning from a holi day trip t-o Fiji, declared himself in favor of lowering the duties on Fiji bananas. The prospect of a smaller return to banana growers along the northern rivers of New South Wales and the coastal regions of Quoennlnud appeared not greatly to per- t.urb the Minister. Apparently the state ment contained in a recently-popular eong is literally true aw applied to .settloyo in the remoto uor'-west of Western Aus tralia, who have asked their Parliamentary representatives lo work for a reduction of the present duty of £/! a cental. Urging tho remoteness of "Western Australia from the banana-produciug States of Australia as a reason for aboliahiug or halving lue pre sent duties on bananas, a deputation ot Western Australian members yesterday in formed tho Prime -Minister that their con stituents found difiiculty in obtaining sup plies of this l'niit, especially in tho uor'- wesfc. Tho present duty had tie: client of imposing a hardship upon these settlors; ond, further, the duty was injuring reci procal trade in Java and hindering trade with l'iji. The Prime Minister undertook that the rrprcffcnutioiis would be con sidered. Messrs. Gregory, M.inn, Prowse and Watson were members of the deputa tion. The Northern Territory baa at times been described oh a prolific breeding ground for prsfs of various kinds. If the agitator can be placed in tho cate gory there would appear to be some jus tification for the term. The. buffalo fly and the poison wood can be definitely in cluded. They were the subject ol" fjuv.s- tionh hy Mr. Nelson, member for the Territory, in the Mouse of Kepresmita- tives yesterday. Tim member inquired if thn Minister of Trado and Customs had honored his promise to a deputation that the buffalo fly pest, whin!) was affect ing the north and north-west of Austra lia, would be investigated. The- Minister informed him that on 11th January last the Commonwealth Government offered to provide '£100 per annum for three yearn on condition that the Western Aus tralian Government contributed a similar sum. That Government did not reply, but a definite answer had not been risked for. The poison weed on Government stock routes in the southern end of tho Territory has had n devastating effect on travelling stock, and Jir.N Nelson asked the Minister representing tho Minister for Unrac and Territories if any scien tific investigation had been undertaken. The reply was that Professor Evart, of the Melbourne University staff; will leave next week for Central Australia to carry out an investigation of the poisonous vege tation said to have been responsible for the mortality among stock. His inquiries will extend ovei three mouths. Imme diately following the -advice received in September last of the ravages of the weed, the Minister added, tho Melbourne Uni versity was asked to assist, but it was only now thi t the services of Professor Ewart were available. The question ns to whether or not it was necessary for the Postmaster-General to attend the World's Postal Congress was raised in the House of Representatives yesterday by Mr. E. Riley (N.W.W.), who asked the Prime Minister whether Mr. (iib.«nn's> attendance was necessary in view of tun fact that the congress whs one rather of postal officials. Tho Prime Minister said at previous conferences of n similar nature Ministers had attended. When the present Minister of Customs was Postmaster- General years ngo he had been present nt one of tbem. It woe do- tirable in' view of the very important questions to be discussed that the Minis ter should be there. Mr. Gibson was accompanied by technical advisers. Apparently the immigration office is under the impression, with regard to the intended display in Grcnt Britain of the official' films which, arc to help the Com monwealth to find new settlers, that the audiences will not be particular regarding the reading mater in the titles and ex planations. Not only aro there faults of grammar, but, in the Western Australian film particularly, phrases reminiscent of an American "sob-picture" are common It is nn insult to the average person's intelligence and a doubtful compliment to a country to say that "the climate is as mild as a mother's kiss and the soil at kindly as God's love." This phrase is typical of many to be found in the letter-' pro??. To . dispel the impression that drought is common, bits of doggerel, such ns ' tool cracks flow wherever we go" aro used, and settlors arc shown swimming in 'the big poo, at tho bend of the river." Another inducement for immigration' to Gods own open spnees ' Is tho domestic fol.c.tjr jziCxaJing iu tnr Ncuiemcms. In those lavorrd regions, "about, the house a busy little wife is always seen," or at least Midi appears to he the opinion of the immigration office. In the .Senate yesterday Senator W. M. Greene naked what, amounts had been paid in permanent redemption or plured to riiikiug fund account of tho Common wealth national debt in the nnnoin! years 1013-201020-21, 1921-22 and 1822-23, (a) ns shown in annual estimates, and (h) from other sources. He nho wanted to know what amount, as disclosed by the Trea surer 3 estimates of expenditure, was ;t proposed to pay to the respective sink ing fund? in tho year 1023-24 ? The Mini- term! reply was that the redemptions which had ond the effnet of reducing the public fiolxt were ns follow re-Pnyment to British Gox'cmmcnt unilex Kim, line Ar rangements Act (inchuled iu annual esti mates), 1021-22, TI, 012.3(10 1022-2.3 £1,004,08-1; 1023-2-1 (to oOth April, 102i), -£1,117,062. Amount rcleemcl from earn nxgs. of Australian notes fund, 1H20-2 . £7,7S0,52t. Redemption from loans -.ink' mg funds, iniO-20, £1,327,170; 1020-21 £-1,-11(1,8-11; 1021-22, £;061,8o7; 1022-23 £320.413; 1023-24 (to 30th' April! £1,2112,301. Payments into .-inline iund (included in estimates). Port Augusta rail- xx aj sinking lund. Northern Territory sinking fund, loans sinking fund and na tional rlchc pinking fund:— 1020, £ 1 ,3.30 fi-18 - 1020-21, £3,211,4.70; 1021-22, £2A7o!o28: 1022-23, £1,429,518; £023-24, £1,291,750 Mr. Ramford f Q.) xvent to the pictures the other day. Being the fat her of the House' of Representatives, lie naturally kept, a fatherly eye on the screen, and what lie saw- upset ln's palcrani miseop tibilit.iep, lv.th as a man and a politician. In relating to the House yesterday tho things lie had seen on the screen, Mi . Bamfurd r-nid tho scene of the picture was the .South Sea Islands. There was a missionary with a beautiful young daughter. Air. Romford was very care ful to state that the lady was beautiful. To his horror he found as the picture wan unwound that this beautiful daughter of a missionary hnd fallen in love with a half-caste kanaka, and that the txvn had actually embraced. The two young lovers, one white and the other brindle, had at tempted to run away togotiier, hut Pro videncc or the missionary intervened, and they were prevented. Evidently .'dr. Bnmford thereupon left the theatre in dis gust, since he did not acquaint tlic House will the end of tho story, wherein it is quite possible that the brindle youth I turned out, to be the only son of a C'lii- i engo pork packer, who, by mistake, had j been given nwny io a cannibal chief with ! a tin of bully beef. Air. Ilnmford asked i the Prime Minister whether in n ease ol this kind the censor censored or just rend a synopsis of the picture. Such im portations wore distinctly against the "white Australia" sentiment, and ought to ho prohibited. Mr. Bruce promised to have' the matter investigated if Mr. Ram ford would submit particulars. Fpenking in the House ot Representa tives n fcxv days ago, Mr. Kenton (V.) xvas reported to have said during hie adx-o- cany of the day labor system as opposed to that, of contract that he bclioxxd there was collusion among contractors. He added that tin: Metropolitan Board had adopted thn day labor- system, xvhicli it found to he productive oi tar bet tor re sults than had been anticipated. In mak ing a personal explanation yesterday, Mr. Fenton stated that lie hnd not alleged collusion among tlic contractors to tlie board, and had even stated that he xvas not suggesting that such collusion existed. He was led to make this correction partly because a correspondent had in a letter to "The Age" denied any collusion, and had characterised Mr. Kenton's remarks as being sianderous and untruthful. Mr. Fenton produced "Hansard" in support of his contention that, he had stated bo did not think there wns .collusion among the contractors. Speaking of the last country tour made by the Rnilwoys Commissioners, Mr. C'iapp stnt-od yesterday that each tour served to show I lie increasing spirit oi co-operation existing between the officers of the department, and tlic customers of tlic railways. The visit to Ballarat had proved very satisfactory. Councillors, speaking at a f miction Tender .-<1 the Com missioners, had commended the xvnrk of the. district superintendent and his staff ond the desire slioxvn to help in thn way of advice. An inspection of the North Ballarat xvorksliops showed good system, everything being neat and tidy. A time xx-oh tixed for the engine to remain in the workshops under repair, and it xvas found tbnt the tiuic pi completing the repairs was uppronchiug that aimed at. Tho desiro of railway employes to co- operat' xvith the department and the public xx-ns being stimulated throughout the country, said Mr. Clapp, and the results were very gratifying to the Commissioners: When deputations xvaitod on the Commissioners on tour most of the timo of tho speakers xx-ns takeu up in appreciative references to the good xvork of the staffs at. the re- spcetix-o station's. 