Advance Tasmania! Australia's Industrial Hub Ageut-General's Forecast FARDWELLBD IN L AN.CB5TON. CHAlMB'sI OF COMMERCE FUNCTION. "1 feel very optlmlsltic :about the fu ture of TTaslanlant. This state, with its . tbundalit hydro- o' ")Iv" or. 1111r n 1 1t . ed water supply, and wonlderful etllnntate, must 'beoine tile industtrial cmtre of Auls tralin." These emphatically opt.ltistic reinurks were tmade by the recently-attppoIlltt e Agent-Genieal for Tasmaunia (Colonel It. Eccles Snowden) at a it arewell fune tion held under tllh auaplcesa of tile Clhamber of Commerce In the e risbrpne SIlotel louane yesterday nftorrnoon. Inmbued with the splrlt that umpirhcld .these words. Colonel Suowdet will Iclvo oil July 15 to tke u offllice in London. There wits a large ainl ropresentatilv gathering of butsiness men. An upology wtns received from the preHldent of thtl Chamber of Mtanufactures (Mr. It. Peel sallisbury). At tlhe headd table were seated. thlle Agent-General'ftl tl president of the' Chlmber of Commlerce. tlhe Mayor (Al dormtiu Claude James). the vice-prest dent (Mr. R. Nornaun Smith), and tho secretary (Mr. II. F. Slithl). SRefreshments were served. 211HIE P'RESIDEINT'S WISIIHES. They were gatllered thlt. afternoon to '.y I au revoir to Colonel Snowden. whlo Ihtr; recently been appointed Agent-General , for Tasmania in IEllglund, began tlhe SMayor. All were very glad to lhave titu opportunity to nmeet the AgSat- General tand congratulate him on the IappIolit ment. (Applause.) It needed foe words to introduce Colonel Snowden to an assetmbhlge of Launceston businesA I men, becaute lie wual known tlhrougnhout the nitltt'. Their gucletl was for utevarai ytears Mayor of ITobtirt, nl ad beelt tisociasted with other ;nrotionts In thlt communlry. Colonel Snowden was now Ileaving Tnsmania, to lake up a position Swhich nlgtht or might not. he of very great value to the state, according to the wily It was Inndled by the man occupy Ing; it. He had 1heard It said that as Australia had a Trade Commilsioner and a staff at Australia I HIous a state Agout. General wa\ not needed. As far as Tasmania was concerned, lie was con vincod that a direct representatlve in the old land was decidedly to their advan tage. The Agent-General could find marltots for our prodlctts, wenlt on Mr. James. HN could introduce to investors tio minieral resources of the staite, and-a very Im portant matter, indeed-aluelto stre that the right class of illnmigrant was sent out. This responsible officer could do quitet a nIuml.br of things to secure the right kind of settler. Thou there was the big question of brlnging under the notice of the manufacturers the facilities and advalltages that Tasmania offered tor the establishmeh t of Industries. The state boasted bountiful water supplies and almost unlimited hydro-electrmc power. With these assets he felt conll dent thnt Tasmaniat was to become a groat Industrial centre, andi the Agent leneral could hasten this most desir able end. Col. Snowden was golng to England not to represent one particular part of the state, but In the Interests of the wholo country, proceeded the Mayor. He felt sure that If Col. Snowden could. eond on Industry to Launceston he would do so; but it a mlanufacturer opened up In any other part of the state they would all realise that It was for the beneft of tihe state, and that. this being so. Launces ton would benefit. THE RIGIIT MAN. On behalf of the chamber of Commerce he would extend to the Agent- General . cordial welcome, and wish him bon voy age and overy success in his office. (Applause.) Mr. Norman Slmith (a ptat-president of the chamber) endtoreed the president's re marks, nnd added ilia congratuliationi upon Col. Snowden's aippoiltuienit. Col. Snowden wtws alive to ite state's advantages and needs, aidded Mr. Smith. He had been travelling the state to manlk himself thoroughly converstant with all parts, and all hoped that Col. Snowdon would be Instrumental itn seuding imore industries to the state. The minernl and woollen industries nmight with ad vantage lie featured. Anothelr Mattcr which tie Cautmber would like their i;ue;t to investigate In England was tile stan dard required for the marketing of peas. Some dlfficulty this year halt been ex perienced In arriving at a standard tac ceptable to the merchants nl the old country. On behalf of the Chamber he would wich himn bon voyage and a successful misalon In Englalndl, eoncluded Mr. Smith. AN IMPORTANT MISSION. Upon rising to respond, Col. Snowden was greeted with applause. Before giv ing a compreheinsive and interesting ad dress on the idea!L hei had before him on his mission, lhe thanked the gather ing for their congralulations and warm good wisheH. As buslness men they could fully appreciato what a great advantage it waa for him to go to England strength en'il in the kno;wlelag that hle had the backing of the Launccasttn Ctlamber of Commenrce. The manner in which they had racolved him was both heartening and helpful. During last week he had visited vart. ous centres In Taslnanla, the speater went on. In each piate he wtas reoeived warmly. Thoso Inltterted In the state's vwelfare bad put beforo him the possi b!lities and Interesting flgures concern ing their distriatu, and had intimated their wvilllgfirg.cs to issist hlm In overy way posslipe. One of his duties was to see taitt the state wits properly advor tised, and the binelits of thil rich coun try placad before the people of England. It was his intention while Ia London to do this, as far as it was in his power. With regard to that Important mat ter of lnmmnigration, lhe was well aware that wrong information concerning coln ditions and prospects In Austraiat had beea distributed in Engtland with a view to persuading pSople to come out hero. That meant disaster. Tho right type of new settler was essential to nar Smtony, and the only way to got the cor rect settlers was to supply true facts as to what would confront them In this state. Thly should be informed at the start, too, that to succeed they would have to work hard. ADVERTISING TASMANIA. Then therc was the matter of adver tlsing Tasmanla, the Agent-General con tlauod. fe wass going to direct propa cands work throughout all classes of people In England, and not restrict It to those people who could send indus tries to the state, or who were likely to come hero and mtake homes. He would distrlbute literature In soldiers' and working men's clubs calculated to impress them With the fact that Australian pro ducts were the best in the world. (Ap plause.) Australia's meat was not so well Inown In England as that from the Argentine. Australian butter took second place to Danish because the name Swas not known so well: the people in the old country were not told that the Australian product was tar and away the best. He thought that sometlhing could be done In this respect. He did not hlnk he could teach the people at Laun ceston anythlng with regard to adver tising, however. The manner In which this city had been boosted had always aroused his admlration. Some time ago a scheme was on toot In the city to I send a representative to England in order to advertise this city's interests among Ia certain type of manufacturer. Ho would alyas be willing and happy to assist such an ofilcer if at any future date he were appointed. It was ble object to do all In his por :' to boost Tasmania, and be thought that by hle efforts he could let the people In the old country know something more about this state. A WONDERFUL FUTURE. That Tasmania would one day become the Industrial centre of the Common wealth he was certain, averred Colonel Snowden. Cheap and plentiful hydro electric power, an Ideal climate, and abundant water supplies were features which gave the state a decided advan tage. In addition, Tasmania had the most contented working people In Aus tralia, and thus Industries establishing here could get more efficiency from their workers. It was of no use bringing 880E13 kram iUu fl4 8suatr* Wht xfiL going to Wall th streLetI louokin f'or worlk, or of putting thetn to toll in virrtin forests. But If we hald industries set up herte people could he brought out and het to work at once. Many stilled a rtl ntuts olhould be sought for. They could1 nlot only opilen upl new trnde, bhilt teach our own tpeople. IThe hydro-electric power hid menlot t a great doenl to thie ltate, and woo golng to assist laterially ill Induo ing new enterprises to open upl hero.. An excellentt e::aluple was fountd ini the Elee trl.oytlc ZInlc Works at tltidoll. Ttho ortks i y tploy greai t tlnltber of peoltlo; welfare work to conducted atlollongt Itho worlers, and the output com)lpried onlle third of thie overseas ulllplntetll front Tatsmnita. The Ipeopl of Lallliteeston O could loolc with great pride ipo110 the industric: estatblislled here. Ilt had read ontly recontly of the jublloe celolinratslo lt of t- woollen mill estatblished in our midst. 'lThere were IBeaLt industries lt thin city, lnd it nmul. be reallsed thlat wioro thbeso industries could ito estanbliah ed others could follow. THTi COTTON INDUS'TRiY. T'lhe cotton lundusttry was goint to mnett it great deal to Australia, the spetaker added, and if cotton tmills were going to be estiabllshed In the Commonwealth Tansmania was the only platco In which they could be otecessfully conducted. if that great enterprirsa could be eotahllsh ed hure, then Ts'nmuttla could absorb muore people from England. MARKN TING PII.IIMARY PItODUCTS. Reforrlng to the mntrltetlng of irinmary products, Col. Snowden aild that this im. pIortant matier was going to occupy iI contslderable amount of his attentlon.l T'ro Drltibhi Govoternment hand decided that prlooronce would not be extended tiownrdt Australlan primary products. They had therefore to look for some other way to act preforonce for Australian goods. It was essential thlat the primary pro ducor shouTd eelt to establish a mar kIot in Lolldon for hiis goods. BOUND SETT4E~IENT. Tho questliot of Immigration was vital to Tlassuania, Col. Snowden declared. It, Wtas all very well for people to talkt oni theu nalninutd of the million farms for a million people. ]Because, there was '. surplus of popullation In ire'glaud and a dearth In Australia It did not follow that the position would be happily and satlifactorily met; by a haphazard shllip mnent of people to thlh country. That would ollly i1lleau that the now settltoru wito wore oit tlto unemployed list li (no old counltry would bu utnelployed out here. To conduct immigration ptro 'lerly the Inow settlers mlust be brought out to waiting work. The English fir luor was not goilig to be a success if dttnuped oin ita trotch of rough, husIky land. The establlohtiuont of now nit terprises here would totnd to olvo the problem. TO DENMI?IT TAS.MANIA. InI golul to Esgllld be was leaving with ino falso l dels st tro the dlllculltiel hio would be faced with, sald tile Agenot tiGeneral li conlclutisio. lu twas folotw lug a veory ahbleo u a 1 iOlMr. A. Il. Ash iolt, llld he hoped that a1 11 the caso of .lr. Ashbolt, the prolpuoals Iho might, snll out would tnot be shelved, 11 hopedit that while sII Lonldon he might hacvo the help of such orgulllutlollu as Lth CLu.Il bot of Coummorce. Ablove all he hoped that lie would lnot be forgottenl when heo was so manlly thlousanld ninloH away. 'IThey haould itlways rtnnlemember that lit wtat thorn itn their intereutts; ihe was their agent, tlud anLything that he coult do to torwttrd the luteretst of the state anld ohl torprisou he would do. lie was its Lon doll to helpl theIs oi alil miatters; to secure lnformluationl for tholt, and 11o wanted to be made u0o of. If they did inot do so, then they Iaight ast well do away with tilhe oiltce ,f Agenit-General oltogetuor. 111 all his efforts ho would lnot be parochial. ,He would workn for 'tualualia as i whole. (Applauso). lIr. Normantu Smith, lisked Colonelt Snlowden if he would give attentionl to Taucutsmania's titelllr resoulrces and imslitoi nutowlt ill Londonl the possibilitles here. In reply. theo Agent-Generul saitd thaL iho would cortultily do all it hit power to advelrtis this iiduttry. 11e would also enldeavour to clear upi the bllue pea ltlandalrd queotiotll. Tile imerchants itt the Nortt-WVest habud ltasl1 thu h t matter ip alod at Dovonport a spleclal llantit had been Instatlled. Th Ltimber lIndustry was growing. and would be a very bigi thing. 