TASTE OF WAR HORRORS c . Bunny in a Tight Corner Under directions from the Minister for Agriculture a series of demonstra tions In tho destruction of rabbits by a new fumigation process with' cal cium cyanide dust, and the use of cyanide flake as an atlernative, was carried out at Tamworth during last week, by departmental officials. At one place a warren measuring 20 yards by 17 yards, with 60 open- ? lngs, was fumigated for 20 minutes. Five pounds ot calcium cyanide duBt was used, and three hours after fumi gation the warren was dug out. The yield was 31 large dead rabbits, . 8 large ones alive, and 8 kittens, also ; olive. ^ The. Ministry in Denmark proposes ? to aboIlBh tho Danish Navy, convert ing the vessels Into guard-ships. The Prince ol Wales left- Southham-' pton aboard. the Berengeria on Satur day, for his visit to the United States. At. Camperdown on Saturday, A. F. Thetanlng, .17, of Glebe was . Bhdt' dead ly the explosion of a pistol ho' ' .wag oxamlnlng. ? . ? . 1 ? A. C. Kitchen, winner of tho 1923 201 miles walking championship or ?Ifew South Wajes was successful in rogainlng the title, . jGerman pianos were imported into : Australia last year at the rate of 100 I a.' month. According to the Minister for Trade and Customs, Australian manufacturers . cannot supply the present abnormal demand. A week's observation of the planet Mars from different places in America have revealed nothing revolutionary. Observer's opinions are contradictory. . It is generally agreed that radio com munlcatlon .with Mara has totally failed. The wild-dog pest has become so serious-ln portion of the western div ision that pastorallBta have given up sheep-broedlng. Mr.' Wearne Btated recently that he had prepared a draft bill to deal with the pest His pro posal would permit of wire-netting.. being supplied tod the ereotlon of a check fence Inside the border. , Mr. W; M.' Hughes, who returned frOia America; ion Saturday, referred i to. the American hostility^towards the i Japanese Immigrants. Some seemed to see behind, the Japanese Ambass ador's -remarks,- , he said; the lnevit ableneBS of a straggle for mastery of the Pacific. The American -people were likely to be -much less affeotod by any such disturbance than tho small community, in Australia. 