The Week-And The Word piiiMiilMlhMnl^^ A certain political party, says "The Times" of September 11, is in want of hecklers for the coming campaign. Every political party no doubt welcomes hecklers who can really heckle though not all the parties will openly say so. There was a meeting at Kensington recently at. which a speaker confessed the pleasure it gave him to speak and even to be heckled. He was from Petrograd—an Englishman, formerly a leather-worker there; and he told the Workers' Liberty and Employment League a few facts on the state of things in Russia. He said that no such freedom of speech as is implied in # public meetings and heckling existed in that country. Criticism of Soviet methods was not permitted. He had seen a meeting hall surrounded by Soviet troops and men shot down and taken prisoners as they left. He had also known men to be dragged off to be shot because they had heckled a Soviet speaker. After all, then, something may be said for the old-fashioned methods of England. The worst that happens to a heckler is first to be heckled himself, then to be turned out. Dr. Charles Sarolea has an amazing story to tell in the "Contemporary Review" of the two million Russians who fled from their land in the war, and who are now scattered all over Europe. He says they are not lost to Russia, but "they are the reserves of the coming generation." 'There have been many dispersions in the world's history," says Dr. Sarolea, "but none has been on the same gigantic scale as the present Russian Diaspora, which includes men of all parties. The majority are probably Liberals and Conservatives, but large numbers belong to the Socialist parties which have been persecuted by -the Bolsheviks even more cruelly than the Liberals or Conservatives. That emigration is also recruited from all social classes. The aristrocacy, the middle classes, and the professional classes may outnumber the manual workers, but the Russian working-man is largely represented. Not only is the Russian emigration larger than any other historical emigration, but 'the range and area of its dispersion is also much wider than any previous historical catastrophe. The refugees flying before the terror of Bolshevism originally stampeded in every direction, and they are now established in every country. The first question which occurs is how do all those poor people manage to live? The immigrants arrived in the various European countries at the very worst possible moment. Almost every nation was in the throes of an economic crisis. Large numbers of the Russian aristocracy had money invested outside Russia before the war. Others had saved some remnant of the family fortune, and managed to live on the produce of the sale of their family heirlooms- An occasional visit to the countless Jewish shops in Riga, Vilna, and Warsaw* gives one an idea of the enormous extent -of that trade in family heirlooms. Last year you could pick up for ten pounds pieces of antique furniture worth five hundred pounds. "What will be the ultimate effects of this vast Russian migration on Europe? It is a universal law in history that the part which is played by refugees is entirely out of proportion to their numbers. Emigrants invariably tend to fertilise the genius of other nations, and are a very notable factor in human progress. Germany expects to find ample compensation in Russia. The new Russia wili need technical and commercial experts with a knowledge of the Russian language. Thousands of Germans are therefore learning the language and preparing io play their part. The German Government hopes that those commercial travellers and scientific experts will be the missionaries of a future German- Russian political alliance. To-day Berlin is a Russian colony. Who knows but what to-morrow the whole of Russia may not become a German colony, and may not provide an outlet for the teeming and superfluous millions of the Fatherland? These German hopes, however, may be sadly disappointed if and when it is brought home to the Russian people that Bolshevism has been largely a German conspiracy, that the Bolshevik leaders have been deliberately smuggled into Russia under German protection, and that therefore Germany is indirectly responsible for the Russian catastrophe. "If the effect of the Russian emigration on Europe has been so far comparatively superficial, the effect of Europe on Russian emigrants has, on the contrary, been enormous. Before the war Russian refugees were either revolutionary anarchists or idle aristocratic absentees. . The present emigres, instead of being idlers, are strenuous workers. Instead of being revolutionists they are bitter antirevolutionists. Future Russia will, above all, need two classes of men, political leaders and profesional experts, engineers, lawyers, doctors, and teachers. The present Russian emigration will provide both. The refugees are learning the art of politics in the only school where it can be learned—the school of freedom. On the other hand, they have been learning the applied sciences in the technical schools and Universities of the Continent." "One of our midshipmen," writes Rear-Admiral W. E. Martin in "The Adventufes of a Naval Paymaster," "was Gerald McKenna, nephew of the then First Lord of the Admiralty. He was by no means a shy boy, and wrote to h:s uncle to point out that the removal of the Home Fleet base from Portland to Rosyth, foreshadowed in the Press, was agitating men's minds, and that the gunroom officers, H.M.S. Hibernia, would be much obliged if the First Lord would tell them if there was any truth in the rumour. "A typewritten reply was received, regretting that the First Lord was unable to afford the gunroom officers any information. Young McKenna then wrote: 'Dear Uncle, sorry you know so little about your own job. Please tell us what is the latest buzz in your office.' "No official reply was received to this." * * ' * " 'The experienced traveller in unsettled countries sometimes has diffi- culty in deciding whether he runs the greater risk in taking a revolvers or in not taking it. In the one case he may himself become an object of suspicion, and in the other a too easy prey. Denmark, which has for some years been considering the analogous problem of national security, has at last decided that she has less to fear from stark defencelessness than from military preparations which may (and in the Great War did) provoke suspicious inquiries from her neighbours. It is a delicate problem which no other country of Denmark's size has settled as she has. One would like to think that the arguments which have decided the Danish Government to abolish both army and navy, War Office and Admiralty, and to rely wholly on a small force of frontier police, were equally applicable all round. Perhaps there is greater security in defencelessness than nations which have for centuries been taught the opposite can easily realise, but the unpalatable truth is that Denmark has resolved to disarm less from the conviction that nobody will then be cowardly enough to attack her than from the knowledge that she is not strong enough to put up a good defence anyhow. Still, her example is a remarkable answer to Mr. Mac- Donald's opening question at Geneva, "What is security?" It shows that at least one high-spirited nation believes that its greatest security is to be found by putting its will for peace beyond all doubt by depriving itself of the means to make war. It throws itself unreservedly on the goodwill and fair dealing of its neighbours. And •t is hard to believe that any country will take a mean advantage of this trust. At the other extreme stand those other countries who are themselves already fully armed and who cry most loudly for further miliary security. It may be that Denmark's example cannot be blindly folltfwed by everybody. But one has he suspicion that the average Dane will be at least no more fearful for the future than the average citizen of, say, France, Poland, or Czechoslovakia, whose answer to Mr. Mac- Donald's question is tiie opposite to Denmark's and who seek their country's security not in destroying, but in perfecting the machinery of war. * * * Mr. John Forteseue lias been -writing liis recollections of the early days of cigarette smoking. He says that in November, 1877, he was jeered at by every little boy as lie walked along the streets of London smoking a cigarette. When the British Army went to Egypt in 1882 the officers and men, being unable to obtain anything else, smoked cigarettes and came home ' delighted with them. The result was that numerous firms of Egyptian cigarette merchants opened branches in London. The cigarette had, however, long before this smoked by the French, and by women as well as men (says Arthur Pendenys in "John o' London's Weekly"). When Miss Louisa Costello, once a most popular writer, but now forgotten, published her "Pilgrimage to Auvergne'' in 1842, she wrote of the habit of smoking cigarettes being " quite la grande mode of late with certain French ladies." About the same year Mrs. Isabella Borner published her travels in the Bhone district, and in this book she remarked, "The beggars in the streets have paper cigars called cigarettes in their mouths." The probability is that the date of the introduction of the cigarette into England could be carried farther back than Mr. Forteseue's date. 