AGRICULTURE IN QUEENSLAND. "An Immigrant" In a recent Issue asks a number of very pertinent questions in connection With the agricultural use of our lands which It may not be possible to answer to his satisfaction. He came to Queensland beguiled by the inducements held out by Australian representatives that the country offered every opportunity to the willing man to make>a success if he settled upon the land. It does not appear that "Immigrant" has become a land settler. For twelve months he has been quietly observing agricultural operations In Queensland, and though he has not so stated, he has apparently come tG the conclusion that he will do belter for himself by refraining from becoming a land settler. One of the advantages that Australia confers upon immigrants is to give them considerable latitude in a choice of occupation. They may take to the land, or they may seek 'an easier means of livelihood in the cities. Land settlement in new countries, and in Queensland there is no exception, has no fascinating prospects to offer. To be successful a man ind his family have to work long hours, and many hours, and have 10 accept many disappointments. It is only men of exceptional determination tbat will stick to their gura through the trying experiences which are the lot of the Queensland farmer. Those who woakc-n in the struggle sell out. That is why "Immigrant" has had forced upon his attention the numerous sales of farms on the Darling Downs and elsewhere. Our farmers have parsed through a season in which they have earned little, and in many cases nothing. Insufficiency of capital has prevented many from making the necessary provision of fodder to keep their stock, or working capital, alive during the drought. Its termination finds many of them without stock; indebted to this banks or the Storekeepers, and faced with a financial market showing such stringency that the amount, and the quality of the security they have to offer, are insufficient to obtain the advances without which they cannot purchase the stock to give them an opportunity of providing bread and clothing for the family. It is not surprising that many who are in this condition, and some who fear they may be brought to It are selling out. Nor is It surprising that the sons and daughters of farmers who are observant of the conditions governing their lives on the farm should seize every chsnce that comes along to "get a soft job In the city, or in the public scrvice." If they are not of the stamina of tho9e who do stick to the land and make a success under great difficulties, It would be surprising It they did not take the opportunities that do come, from time to time, of finding more congenial work in the city. But it must have occurred to "Immigrant" that if eight farmB were sold In one week that a similar number were purchased. Further, If he had tbe time and opportunity to closely Investigate the position of the farmers on the Downs, he would find a very considerable body of them in comfortable circumstances. A further Indication that those who depleted In glowing terms the resources of the Darling Downs land kfifew what they were talking about is found In the number of thriving towns scattered over the Downs in which the commercial man; and the artisan, t?ho live frugal lives, are prospering In ministering to the wants of the man on the land. The conditions of the agricultural industry to-day require that a man should have capital to make a success of Ills enterprise, and we have not yet been able to devise the means by which, every land settler may be provided with cheap capital. One of the difficulties in dealing with land settlers needing capital Is found In their inability to conserve or use It. This is a charge that cannot be made indiscriminately, but the records of public departfnents ehow that It Is true In too many cases. It is not, however, an Insurmountable difficulty and, in accordance as the man on the land secures the use of capital, will he be able to demonstrate to "Immigrant" that those who believe in the gospel of work will pick up money on the .farm. Did not the. destruction of the Toowoomba Bacon Factory have lesson for "Immigrant?" This was a successful enterprise valued at something approaching £ 40.000, owned, financed and managed wholly by farmers. It is typical of many such enterprises on the Downs representing the "picking up" of money by farmers who have not forgotten how to work. We regret with "Immigrant" that the farmer cannot pick up money more easily than he is doing. 4We regret that men are leaving the land, and that new settlement is not taking place as rapidly as it ought to be. But the cause of failure is not to be found in our Soil, or climate, which will grow luxuriantly all the things mentioned by 'Immigrant.'' Nor. generally speaking, 1b it to be found in the type of settler. Without capital the farmer has to live a life of slavery, which is, we think, the chief reason for his leaving the land. If he be given the capital to tide him over his difficulties he will stay on the land. The farmer is asked "why don't you build silos? Why do you keep robber cows?" and It i B often asked by those vho are not making much of a; success of their, own business. His logical answer to such queries is: "Provide me with the capital." Denmark is a country where the means have been devised by which agricultural capital is available for every hard working farmer. Der mark is naturally not richer than Queensland, but the capital which the fanner has been able to command has made it more so, and as a result the farmers are doing well, even though they are not amassing fortunes. Denmark has an area of 15,582 square miles, about one-fortieth part of Queensland. It carries a population of nearly three millions, and they subsist mainly upon the money picked up on the land. The following figures show how the land of Denmark was held in 1910:—Small holdings, under 25 acres, 109,145; middle holdings, from 25 to 147 acres, 91,410; large holdings, over 147 acres, 5370. Thus it will be seen that Denmark is a land of small farmers, and that they are doing well will be deduced from the following statistics which show the net working profit, after paying rent, interest on capital, and all expenses, for the average farm in the J 100 acre class, was:— 1917-18 1918-19 1919-20 1920-21 1921-22 £ S. 4 10 8 0 7 0 6 6 1 15 d. per acre 0 per acre 0 per acre 0 per acre 0 per acre This comparison of Queensland with Denmark is made for the purpose o£ showing that agriculture can be made a profitable industry, if the conditions that give prosperity to other industries are applied to it. The Danish farmers are well Instructed in agriculture, and we are beginning to assist our ycuth in a similar direction. In Denmark an adequate supply of capital is provided by co-operative effort among the users of the capital. In Queensland we have not yet reached that stage, but we are approaching it with an increased knowledge of the means of securing, and the practical use of, co-operative capital a great deal of the drudgery that is at present attached to the agricultural industry will disappear, and ,ve shall have fewer farms for sale, and more persons anxious to become settlers. Such at any rate is our opinion. 