RABBIT FENCE INTERESTING DISCUSSION AT WOODBURN CONFERENCE QUESTION OF EXPENSE PROBLEMS OF THE FARMING INDUSTRY UNDER REVIEW INTERESTING DISCUSSION U DL LltiS, lhursday.—At the quartern meeting of tlic .Richmond District Council of the Priinajy Producers' Union, Mr Heffcr nan • referring . to the proposed rabbit proof fence, said that he was surprised that the president of the JucJujiond District Council should "lather" a movement concerning the Tweed side. , . 110^ ^hink sub-committee had ttonu a, fair thing to those outside the area. A tencc would ; bo absolutely worthless and those residing outside of it should protest against its erection. He condemned the movement as well as the means adopted t<< bring it about. Mr. Abernetliy said that Urbenville was an important country, and lie would like to ask what the union proposed to do wiWi the people outside the fence. He owned Jarui i there, and the few rabbits they had couk; be easily eradicated.. Urbenville was 12l) ; miles from Woodburn,-and he considered it I ■ft ould be a wise plan to put a. fence beyoiul the - Toolooai Kange. ' Mr. D. Clark. (Numulgi) said that fche sub committee had given tliem useful informa tion, but it exceeded what it was asked to do. In his opinion they had to Jiud out the cost, etc., and whether the fence if built would be of value. Had they stopped there the whole matter could be discussed frorri that stage, and probably finalised. Sis months ago, said the speaker, lie spoke about the difficulties of t)he fellow outside the fence. During a trip recently to the western country he endeavoured to find.out all he could about the rabbit business, and after explaining the class of country on the North Co,ast he was informed that it would be unwise on their part to touch a fence of the character they intended to erect. The ; i.umeib told him that in their own .Wihcat j i--u!c!fM;,ws level country,- when it was ' ] iougiied no rabbits could be seen, but when i arvi-stiug cauie on tliey were present in great numbers. In this district rabbits wouid infest the river banks and iu periods of floods would be swept across felie banks iu hundreds. . Mr. R. B. Alcorn favoured the board get ting the power asked for. •Mr. ^Kennedy said that provided the Pas tures Protection Board of the T%veed- Lismore district got the power could they erect the fence without consulting the people benefit ed or otherwise '? Or whether all lauds iu the Gundurimba and Terania shires and num lcijial areas would be subject to the rate. The proposed fenee did not affect the lower part of the Gundurimba. Slurp. ^ The president said that the Gundurimba bhire was not mentioned in the-matter at all. The board would not levy a rate un less forced to do so. Mr. Lowe said that the motion would ap ply to any area which liked to take it our In iliis Jpinion it was decidedly out of order. It should be, made applicable to any board desirous of accepting it. - ' iii reply to a question by Captain Davis, the president said that a referendum was not to be taken on the matter. * ■ • Captain Davis said that if such was not the case then they could talk to Doomsday without reaching .finality or getting any further ahead. He favoured the callin»- of » monster meeting and the taking of a refer endum. QUESTION OF PROTECTION . Mr. Plim enlightened those present on the fact that the boundary separating Casino and Wie Tweed-Lismore Pastures Protection Board'was a creek, and a fence .erected v/cli back on the hill would leave it protected in one part and unprotected in another. Mr. Hefferaan said that .he had conic to the conclusion that tho meeting was not ii, favour of .what had been done by the sub committee, and it was plain it did not tav our erecting r a fence. Mr. McDonald rose to a point' of order. The shires and municipalities concerned sliouid oe represented, he said, but being only a sec tional part of the public might commit theiu to something ihey did not favour. Granting powei; under the present conditions Was ••in- I tirely out of order, "and he appealed for the president's ruling. The president ruled against the speaker and said the committee was appointed tc make a report. Mr. Clarke (Jiggi-Georgiea) said that he did not think tho meeting clearly understood the position. The deputation merely asked for power to levy a tax on land, and" all would agree that was right and just. Tuey simply asked for power, to raise monoy witii the object of dealing with the rabiufc pest. Tjhey did not ask for the aniouut raised to be spent on any particular fence. The Tweed^Lismore Board would deal with that a8 they though fit. Mr. Isaacs Baid that the report only ui fected the Tweed-Lismore Pastures Wo ac tion Board, but once that power had been granted other boards could "ask t\>r «.milar powers if they so desired. The president said that the Minister defi nitely stated the amendment only applied to the Tweed-Lismore Pastures Protection Board. Mr. D. Clark (Numulgi) said that the committee went beyond its duty when it asked for power without consulting the people. The president said that the motion eman ated in the first place from the Tweed dis trict, which appointed a deputation to wait on the Minister. The atter stated that if the amendment was to apply to all parts of the State it would be impossible. Mr. Kennedy moved an amendment "That the matter be referred back to the branches, asking their opinion as to whether power should be given to the Tweed-Lismore Pas tures Protection Board to levy a tax. " POWER EXCEEDED M'r. Lowe seconded the •.amendment. The matter was not properly before the meeting ajid those outside had a light to sav what should .be done. At present they had onlv hail the- voice of the members attending the branch meetings. The whole question" was handed over to a sub-committee for report and it was never intended they should go as aa '!ld, having done that thev now asked the council to approve of their action. \L'r. Mason said the question resolved itself into whether they wanted a fane a or not, and present discussion did not. biintr them "Srr a S?,U1(:ment' If th£?y decided U build .i fence then it was time to ask the Minister to have the Act amended. The president defended the action of the sub-committee in doing what it thought best, und they asked for the iboard to {be clothed Btated "eccssary power for the purpose mi?*1'* rose to a point, of order. They should cat the discussion short, and the vote should have been taken an' houi Mr. Whitehead moved tliat the 'quusliuu be now jnil, which was seconded. The amendment was defeated by -17 to 40, and the motion tarried approving of the sub committee's report. FINANCIAL STATEMENT The district secretary submitted his quar terly 'financial statement from February 17 to May 17. It showed that the balance at last meeting was £57 3b 4d ; received since, subscriptions £2 549 10s, sundries £9 8s, sub scriptions to "P.P. News" £33 10s;'total £1649 lis Id. Expenditure: .Branch ac counts £54 i'js 4d, delegates' expenses £63 Is., organising £53 19s 4d, remittance to head offke £704, telephone £H) 15s 7d, district secretary'x salary £75, 'branch secretaries £31, sundries £67 J7s? lOd; credit balance £554 J.7s Sid; total £1649 lis 4d. The statement was adopted. The Lismore and District Development League asked co-operation in urging the con struction of the 'Clarence River railway bridge. The request was granted. Tli« Department of 'Agriculture wrote in roguid to experiments 'with' coffee culture on the North Coast-"at1 the Wollongbar Experi ment Favni, and s&t;'ed that the' plants had railed to gro>v" satisfactorily owing . to the severe effects of the. winds. The same depaitnient wrote regarding the installation; of a tractor at* the Wollongbar Farm, at the instance of> the Alstonville branch, for the purpose of gi ving demonstra tions. The Minister. «rouId not yrant the re quest as economical use. cotiid not be made of the tractors , V The Chief Secretary's? Department stated that an open season until: June 30 had been declared in icspect .of kangaroos ami •pos sums at Urbenville: and until Scpteniii'ir 30 for swamp and black-tailed wallabies and red-necked or scrub or brusli -wallabies for the parishes of , Donaldson, Woouenbong, Lindsay and other parts within the Pastures I rotectiCMi district of Casino'. ' • The Bungalow branch of the union sought co-operation with the fruitgrowers > Associa tion m urging hat the import dutv on ban anas be retained, also that the freight on tomatoes 111 eases be brought under the flat rate the same, as fruit, as they were classed :is vegetables at present. ., ■ : Cooperation was: granted. \r „ MPncULT.PEOBLEM AM •. Hetternan^Horseshoe Creek branch), witl.ti „ m1-be aPP<>infced to deal with the rabbit problem, with power to ob Im/h* *,l? *?'r a v^-«tt-Stock or land or imitly for the purpose of assisting in the u'.striictioii of ^rabbits on iiifestwl holdings .iiia Uown lands where' necessary " fomn Watto^°^e^ed the motion pro miHf' ^,Ciaik (^ul"ulSi>- moved an ainend ., . . ?hav no further action be taken by the union regarding the erection of a fence Sto.-'lf Rn ° 1 'I1"*1 Present titne, and the ? k ®0;i^ hr(.' "'formed of that decision." wteh the mmt' ™ved a further wn,d. V ■' ,'lle matter be defericd until such time as the Minister for Agriculture or th J A^'e" •ap,\7VC,! of tLe amendment in ]Jow,t- tn |Vin? theJPastures Protection Board ponei to levy a rate on stock and land." 'cani^'^oconded the amendment, which TJ,°ti0" of tiic Wadeville branch rela tive to the rabbit, fence being on the tick bonndarv line between Lismore and Kyogle vas-withdrawn. - , Mr; ^tferson (Ciovass-McKee's Hill) thi ' 'That it be a recommendation to' council11^lhP?VtiVe' !hr,0llSh the district that the central executive make every endeavour to improve, the sale and dis tribution of Australian butter in the Uuited vangdom so .as. to ^uard against it losing- its identity as Australian butter. " g The liiover said that nearly 90 per cen* = nf their butter waV shipped to London Sireat it" w?-soldr recentIr ha<* tUt it wa. sold to blenders, with the result t -at it was losing its identity. They wS an aware Australian butler was ci/nsidlred equal to the best Danish, and yet it was nf ti, -n°3-to 5°S beIow"'tJ,y standard price! b^t Danish commodity. - Some of their! 'pn^'f ,fd fone t0 Deiuttark,- where it was repacked and sent back and sold in England i as the best. Danish. The United Kingdom imported about 200,000 tons of buSf T which 40 per cent, came from New Zealand I «nd Australia and yet they had no organ1 ! butter the distribution of fhdr Mr. Hillvard seconded the motiou. 1 ^ Mr. Crowther, in support, pointed <fnt the great loss> the producers of Australia sus tained during the month of March bv specu lators keeping the butter in cold storage with a v1Cvv of forcing up the price. It wal n, use for their butter to be equal in mtalitv price DaUiSh if they COtW not a!< equal Mr. Pallo'i! (Ellaugowan) moved «» That steps be ifcaken to bring about the federation of all cd-operative butter factories on the Ivorth Coast, and that no less than lo fa£ tones be empowered to start the federation to be known, as the Federated North Coast '' NEED FOR ACTION Mr. Lowe seconded the motion. He con sidered that any matter which could brine 1 money mt0 the farmers' pockets was im portant. The motion-had been dealt" with at a meeting hold ia Alstonville in 1922. ami a committee was formed consisting of MpqcN Watteraon, Amos, Bartlett, and the then dis trict secretary to go into the matter. But whaft became of tbeir invc.siiaatio„s goodne3« only knew Thsv would got aa much as they stnved tor, and while fbev held 10 get.hcr stfmethino; good vvould eumo out nf it The matter should bo :5o,,in. referred to Messrs. Bartlett, Wtftterson, , \ uks, and the present district secretary, and get them to make a report. - . Mr. Alcorn thought if might be better to have a federation df the North Coast factor ies instead of amalgamating with all the but ter factories in New South Wales.' The but ter coiild all' be sold 011 the one floor and M'o. buying could be done by (he federation. I'-ap.h 1 act (fry would have its own control and bl^ 3avinS could be cf fee ted in transport freezing, etc. 1 ' »'lr. Gib-on spoke, in favour of the motion Mr. Watterson said that, he a:id Mr. Bart 'ett had put in a lot of work over the. mar t?r. and held a conference with the Bav ^;aieh laid down certaii- conditions, and he . noi k,luw whether they Jfad been altered since. If thev -were'of the same opinion '•»w as they were then they would not wo'U Mr. Lowe : If he did he wtfuld show some, results. ; Mr.\Alcorn said that if H federation was to'niied. the Xortli Coast Conipanv could still come in under its own name. Mr. Fallon jigreed. to: Vc^ept the uiotirfii in it-? amended form^ and Mfssrg, B. (Jf. Alcorn and Lowe'* -.lumca were added to the t;om UtiS.ee. •• • • • -• COMPULSORY PROCLAMATION Mr. Crowthcr (Lismore branch) moved That it be a recommendation frdm the dis trict council .to the . central executive thai t.}.ey approach the Stalte Government with a view to"'having:'?i-'proclamation issued malt ing it compulsory for all persons' hdlding but; tor • iu cold storage prior to March 3-1-, 192-1, to supply the Chief Secretary with full par ticulars of the amount so held, under a •pen alty to be fixed by 'the Government against any person failing to comply with such pro clamatioh; also that a proclamation be issue-! making it compulsory that such butter hold prior to March <51, 192*1, be .sdld at prices ruling" during storage, plus storage costs." Before discussion ensued on the motion the president said that the branch would be well advised to withdraw the motion! not know ing the effect it would have. iMY. Growther did not fall in witli tin.', suggestion, believing the time had come when they, as producers, should know a little mora about the disposal of their chief commodity. Mr. Frith seconded the motion. Mr. Kennedy moved the deletion of ilio word? "prior to March 31, 1924," ind all words after "with such proclamation. " It was absolutely necessary, he contended, that producers should know the quantity of butter held . in cold storage during the autumn months, but they should not sell it at tho price it was put in. The' mover agreed to accept Mr. Ken* iiedv's amendment. JVLY. Bond said that if the Chief Secretary obtained the information lie would not give it to tbe producers.. Mr.. R. E. Alcorn said that the Lismore brunch was stirring up a hornet's nest. Their chief trouble was that they let their butter into the controlling hands of other people. Thp motion was defeated. MOTIONS CARRIED Dobie's Bight.—That at be a recommen* datiou tc the central executive, through the district eouncil, that an effort be made to in duce all primary producers to belong to the P.P. Union. Ellangowan.—That it be a recommendation to the central executive that the minimum number of shares in the Farmers' Co-opera tive Implement Company (late Jamese Mar tin) !>e reduced from ten to five. Dunoon.—That it be a recommendation to the district council that all members of the P.P. Union who are desirous of receiving same be supplied with a copy of the consti tution and rules of the union. Rock Valley.—That the Tick Board of Control 'be asked to supply a copy of the Stock Diseases (Tick) Act to all branches, of the P.P. Union in the district for refer-:. once by the members. Whiporie.—That it be a recommendation from the district council to the central exe cutive that a fuller report of district council meetings be published in the "P.P. News. "■ Stratheden.—That it be a recommendation to the central executive, through-the district eouncil, that within tick quarantine areas where persons in charge of travelling stock have a tick permit; no Pasture Protection Board travelling statement be required for distances under 2D miles. ;..y Doubtful Creek.—That it be a recommen dation to the central executive, through the district council, that steps be taken with a view to having the Casino to Honalbo road, via Doubtful Creek, proclaimed a main read. Motions from Ellangowun branch .regard .ng margarine; froni .Horseshoe Creek rela tive to revising motions sent in in order to place themjn their order of importance; from Doubtful Creek in regard to reducing mem bers' fees; and from CIovass-iM'cKee's Hill in reference to settling Australian born on the same footing as immigrants in the select in 'r of land, were withdrawn. The motiou standing in the name of ;the Biingawalbyn branch was held over; while tin: remaiiuiiji ones on the business paper were lo?t, 