I "The Ulsterman" WHAT THEY THINK OF IT IN ULSTER. By Charles C. Bnssell, B.A. McOaw, Stevenson & Orr, Ltd., The Linon halX Press, Belfast, 2/6. We clip the following from "Tho Ulster Bulletin, March, 1924:— An Englishman's home county is de noted by his dialect, an American is > known by his drawl, a Scotsman by his excessive rolling of the eighteenth letter of the alphabet, an Irishman by his musical brogue and a Welshman by his raciness of the tongue. What axo the language characteristics, of the Ul Bterman? Mr. Russell devotes the greater part of his book to answering this question. But before discoursing on the language of Ulster he turns f back the pages of history and traces tho "building up of the people" beforo analysing the language and ascertain ing "if history is corroborated." Quite early in the book we are told that "oul ancient" Ireland was more or less peaceful when England was tho hunting ground of adventurous plun derers, possessed a culture and civili sation which did not exist in Great Bri tain and was a religious country long before the Christian era. The evolution of the Ulsterman is ] shown to have been a spirited process. No wonder he is possessed of all those attributes which have gained for him renown in the various spheres of life. He is shown to be descended from peoples who hud to fight their way and incidentally, light for their existence. The real making of the Ulsterman be gan in the reigns of Elizabeth and James I. There is nothing particularly flattering in a description of the in habitants of Ulster at that time, "wick ed, barbarous and uneivile" are the opprobrious epithets inscribed about > them in an Elizabethan document. The arrival of two Scots—Mr. Eussell credits them with a determination to "feather their nests"—no question of dialect arises from the phrase—was a prelude to. the territorial division of Ulster. Thousands and thousands of immigrants, mostly Scotch, arrived in. 1G0G and "thrift, industry and pro sperity began to tell their tale." Towns > and villages sprang up, schools aud churches were built, and bridges, roads and forts created. Ultimately the native Irish, who had been out of favor with the settlers, were rehabilitated, and just as mixed marriages were tho inevitable result, so the language of the natives and the settlers became blended. It is this language preserved "by the voice and ear of the people," which is characteristic of the Ulster vernacular to-day. Mr. Russell laments ' that it is being supplanted by "the fashionable language." His exami nation of his native language is both •thorough and comprehensive. Only an Ulsterman could give such wealth of comparative detail and clothe it with so much realism. IIo does not hesitate to use metaphor, as when ho states that there are to be found in the language 'of the Ulster people "words of the original Erse (or Irish) of Celtic, Danish, Scotch, English, Nor man, Latin and Eastern origin, all growing side by side, like /lowers from a packet of mixed seeds." Certainly the innumerable examples given would puzzlo the uninitiated did not Mr. Eussell give the translation. He has all the Ulstcrnian's admiration for his native dialect. That he knows it thor oughly will be evident to those who read his book. His treatment of Ul ster pronounciation is lucid without be ing ponderous; indeed running through the pages is a delightful vein of humor. The book had its origin in a discourse to natives of Ulster in New South Wales, where the author is now resident. With what dejight must the exiles have heard the "Ulster tongue" with its reckless use of the dipthong "th" and "its choppings, changings, shortenings, lengthenings and short comings. '' Ulstermen and Ulster women the world over will welcome Mr. Russell's short treatise on the Ul sterman and the Ulster language. 