[?] HOUSE OF KkHi^EN TATiVES- _ DEBATE ON BUDGET. NORTHERN TERRITORY DEVELOP MENT. MELBOURNE, Wednesday. The Speaker took tho ('hair at 3 pju. The Prime Minister told Mr. H. G. Nel son he had no knowledge ot', or informa tion respecting, the scheme for the settle ment of the Northern Territory alleged to have boon mentioned in London by the Postmaster-General. AGREEMENT WITH RUSSIA. The Prime Minister said the British Go vernment had lately entered into certain agreements with the Soviet Government of Hussia. . * The British Government, in recognising the Russian Government, did not consult the Donnnions, and technically was wrong, in not doing so, but as it was explainer!, tho Dominions would not be ignored as re garded general foreign policy, no action was taken. The British Government had in late negotiations acted according to agreement made at the Imperial Confer ence, and had kept the Commonwealth fully acquainted with what was being pro posed. Australian interests were not en dangered or affected by the recent treaty with KuKsia, and so no action was tajjen. As regarded the commercial treaties, a different rule prevailed, and Australia had no right to interfere, even if she desired to do so POS_AL RATES. The Prime Minister told Mr. P, E. Cole man that the resolution passed _ at the Stockholm Postal Congress reducing tran sit rates on mail matter represented some slight loss, for Australia, the extent of which had not yet been ascertained or dis cussed by Cabiiiet. BTTDGET DEBATE. The Budget debate was- resumed. Mr. G. IL Mackay congratulated the Government on tho early introduction -\f the Budget. He asked for a renewal of tbo sugar agreement and the reduction of passage money for immigrants. Mr. EL P. Lazzarini warmly advocated the appSmtoent of a Royal Commission to inquire into matters affecting the coal mdustryi Mr. E. B. Corner tirgeirl further assist ance to sugar, fruit, maize, and other northern industries. Mr. J. M. Gabb denied that taxation kopt money out of industry. He pro tested against tho reduction of tho income tax, and asked for assistance for tho fzuit industry, which was languishing. He spe cially urged assistance for grape grow ers. Mr. Gabb insisted that Murray Bridge was the proper sffo for the laboratory pro posed to bo erected in that district, instead of Morgan or Renmark. Since Murray Bridge was tho great railway centre, Mor gan would DO me worsi possime piacc ior a hospital fl.nc[ la.boratory. He read letters from ' allowance' postal officials, one of whom complained she had to find premises, provide he? own light, and work from 0 u.m. to 6 p.m. for 45s per month'. ('Oh!' and laughter) — yet the Government could afford to give millions to big, men in post* age and other reductions. Mr. T. Paterson congratulated the Trea surer on tho Budget. He claimed that the prospects of agriculturists were clouded and efforts hampered by the high duties on agricultural implements. He claimed thnt Australian butter was handicapped as compared with. Danish by 3d per 1b. Progress was reported, and tho House adjourned till nest day. 