His History and Dialect. Mr. Charles C. Russell's Book. The expressive and characteristic dia- lect of Ulster, its origins and forma tive influences, are the subject of a delightffully racy little book by Mr. Charles C. Russell, B.A. Mr. Russell was a native of Co. Down, where his people were well known in connection with journalism in Newtownards. Mr. Bussell went some years ago to New South Wales, and was some time Presi dent of the Ulster Association there. His book is the result of a "discoorse" before the Association of New South Wales, and is dedicated to his sister (Mrs. James Wilson), his wife, and to Ulsterites all over the world. A por trait of Sir James Craig, the Premier of Northern Ireland, as well as one of the author himself, prefaces the volume, which is elcarly printed and handsomely turned out by Messrs. M'Caw, Steven son, & Orr, Ltd., The Linenhall Press, Belfast. The book is more than good reading; it is delightfully and chattily written. It actually conveys tho sound and ges ture of an individual voice, and is par ticularly graphic, humorous, and ju- dicious. The theories advanced are not only scientific, but realistic and full of psychological truth. The Right Red Hand. First of all, the "Red Hand" on tho cover is heraldically right.. There are no drops of blood, and tho hand is dexter. Mr. Bussell begins by dif ferentiating right away between Ulster and the West of Ireland. Here the shillelagh and tho colleen of tho stage Irish type are not found, but a more interesting, a shrewder, and more ad mirable type of character. It trans pires in the spirit and tastes of the people, and in their dialect and atti tude of thought, which are differen tiated olf from those of not only Ire land, but Scotland and England as well. Mr. Russell tells in clear phrases, touched with native wit and sound sense, how this came about. Like all really energetic races, tho Ulsterman is a composite of various strains. And here it is as well to guard against too much Latinity, and revert to the latest researches into race origins and cul ture. These go to show that the Picts, who shared the Alban valleys and lochs with the Scots (Ulster Celts), were not savage. The word "Pict" is now not derived from tho Latin root "pingo," to paint, but is really a more ancient word, "Pecht," and referred to a people who had attained a wonder ful grade of civilisation, and built round towers far earlier than those of tho early Christian Irish. They pro bably came north over the land-bridge across the Mediterranean and the Eng lish Channel during the last glacial period in Europo. With them the Scots fought and intermarried in pre-historic times. And it is due to this strain, as well as to tho Anglo-Saxon, that tho Ulsterman differs from the Irish of tho South and West. The point to remember is that these Scots and Picts were highly civilised when tho Teutons were wild savages. The advance was due to isolation from the Continent when tho North Sea and English Chan- nel acted as a defence and a frontier against barbaric hordes. It lasted until tho coming of the Norsemen in their galleys, but it lasted so long that a type of culture and languages were more or less fixed. Gael and Gall. Gael and Gall are not synonymous, but contrasts. Gall meant the stranger, as distinct from the native Gael, and was applied to invaders from outside— Norse, Danish, and so forth—who settled in counties such as Donegal, on the sea-coast. Successively, the Phoeni cians, tho Romans, and the Normans arrived—some to trade, some to or ganise, some to stay, but few really in fluenced tho native genius until quite recent times. And, all along, Ulster was closer in affinity to Scotland than to the rest of Ireland, which was a loose agglomeration of clans with a common language, and an occasional high- king powerful enough to enforce obedience. But it was easier to go from Dalriada to Argyle in those days, and much safer than to pass the Gap of tho North into Leinster. This helped to conserve a separate character for Ulster long before the Plantation. Then, again, the Plantation and the subsequent conquests helped t. empha sise tho difference already there. Tho dialect of Ulster, Mr. Russell proves, is rich in Elizabethan words, which are survivals of the old English of the North of England and Scotland words now obsolete in that particular sense in England to-day. Then there are words from the Celtic languages, and others not in use in Scotland and England. Further, even the words common to Scots-Ulsterites have different pronunciations. Mr. Russell gives many good examples of these dif ferent sounds, and also of words in common use in Ulster which the Scots do not know, and vice versa. The Eng lish lack of logic in spelling and pho netics is further confused here by a curious distortion of the Scottish and English vowels and consonants. "Faith becomes "feth," "lane" "loan," and the English "cold," Scottish "caul, becomes "cowl" in Ulster. Thus an extra twist is imparted even to the old Scottish sounds, and extra words are invented (quite unconsciously) for the same objects. Elizabethan Language Still. Another curious fact is the local dia lect sounds, even inside Ulster itself. "Door" is pronounced both as Scots "duur" and as "dawr." The last sound is heard in County Antrim. Yet "board," which is pronounced "boord, is never "bawrd." Mr. Russell points out many other inconsistencies like these. A most interesting series of examples are those derived from the Bible and Shakespeare, where the Elizabethans' language is treasured, still in Ulster, but obsolete in modern England. To "larn" anyone is good Elizabethan, but bad English of to day. The affirmative "Ay", is pure Elizabethan, as good as "yea," and "yes" is an upstart Almost as un historic as tho Yankee "Yep,' which is half-cousin to "Yah." Mr. Russell does not think we have as many French words as the Scottish since Queen Mary's time, when the Edinburgh Court was largely French. But our dialect has a few, derived from Huguenot immigrants, who brought the linen and some other in dustries here. One most curious sample is the comical word "footer," a silly or awkward person. Is it possible that this is an ironical survival of the old French "fewtre" ("he fewtred his spear" in Mallory's "Morte d Ar thur"), the chivalry term all turned to ridicule by the Ulster mentality ? "Troth and feth" becomes on some lips "Trogs and fegs"—and how much curter and blunter are the latter sounds! Then the very characteristic terms of endearment and intimacy in Ulster—"The wee rascal," not mean ing villain, but simply intimate fond ness with a maternal touch. That maternal touch, by a burlesque use of abuse, avoids the weaker sentimen talities. Vanishing Dialect. One cannot but help agreeing with Mr. Russell in regretting that modern tendencies are fast eliminating the dia lect in Ulster.' It is a highly expressive language both for loving and hating. It denotes strong character, and is in itself unique; that is, different from its derivatives, more witty, more pungent, more redolent of its own homely sur roundings than anything else can be. One can sympathise intensely with the appeal this dialect has to natives of Ulster far away from their own land when someone turns up and the old familiar intonations are heard under the Southern Cross. It makes the heart warm at once, the world of old associa tions floods the memory with inde scribable things. This is why Mr. Rus sell's little book is a real godsend, it serves to make us treasure the heritage of the years more faithfully, and .not look with tho contempt of a super ficial elementary education on a sur vival of our past that embodies and endorses spiritual and racial traits which are worth conserving for all time. Across the seas comes this Ulster voice to remind people at home ot things they are all too liable to forget in these days of stress and progress, and changing ideals. The prosperity of the Orange Institu tion goes hand in hand with a large circulation of "The Watchman." 