FARIM AND PRODUCE RUIRAL DENMARK. Mr. Tate, the Victorian Director of Educationi, who recently returned from an extenaed tour abroad, has puvblished some highly interesting observations of Denmark, in which country rural devel opment has been c:arried on on seclenti fie and economic fines, which have led to notable results. Danish rural edu cation has realised that the humncu ele ment in rural industry is all-important, and that true education must be intim ately related to the whole of life, and not merely to that part of life concernced with wage earning. To those disposed to look askance at an idealistic scheme of rural education, Mr. Tate points out that during 1931 the value of dairy pro duce exported by Denmark to Great Bri tain alone was £3'1,469.,982; and this from a country less than one-lifth the sizo of Victoria, with a population of about 3,000,000. Denmark is unporotected from the chilly winds from: the north west in the long winter season. The soil is, on the whole, light, and in many parts distinctly poor. Moors, swamps, and peat bogs cover about 600 square miles of the little kingdom, and the climate is raw and inhospitable for a great part of the year. The wonderful record of Denmcark in farm prod uction is not due to fertility of soil or geniality of climate, but is due rather to the fine quality of her human material. Her peo ple have shown what can be don' by steady industry, reinforced by devel oped intelligence and patriotism, and di Irected by scientific and business capac ity. When in 1864 Germany wrested from her the two rich southern provinces of Schlceswig-Heoletein, Denmnrk gamely set about recovering more territory from ier sand dunes, heath lands and bogs. Soon she had reclaimed an area comparable with what she had lost to her victorious enemy. In the arrange ments for providing rural education, Denmark affords tile greatest inter ost to the educational inquirer. There is no doubt in the minds of the Danes that their agricultural prosperity has been assisted by thie work of their rural schools. and chiefly by the adult schools known as the Penole's High Schools and the People's Agricultural Schools. The agricultural population in Denmark num bers about 500,000 heads of households, of whom 172,000 are employers. There are about 70,000 farmers aund peasants,. and about 100,000 small holders, andi there are a large number of agricultural labourers wilth small holdings or allot ments. The farmers, peasants, and small hoders are members of the co-operative societies, except in the cases of the co-oPeratlve supply stores, of which many servants and labourers are also members, and the co- operative dairy so cieties, in which many agricultural la bourers with small holdings, and with one or two cows, are also interested. The genius of the Danes for wise and profitable co-operation is shown admir ably in the organisatlon of the egg in dustry, one of Denmark's great staples. In this organisation, as in general im provements in the agricultural and dairy ing work of thle people, ID'. Tate finds that school masters played an important part. The vuslue of the eggs exported, from Denmark to the United Kingdom in 1021. was £5.?452,373. The number of fowls kept on July 106. 1923, was 20,000,000. In building up this export trade two fundamental principles were kept stead ily in view-the maintenance of an ex cellent standard in the quality and ap pearance of the eggs, and full provision1 for continuous forwardings, so that the market once made should not be lost, even temporarily. These two requlie ments necessitated complete organlsa tion among the producers and firm hland ling of careless and dishonest scppllers. IMr. Tate observes that Denmark has every year a small excess of trained agricultural labourers. The movement of these migrants is invariably towards America. He urges their attraction to Australia, for he cannot imagine a bet ter class of immigrant for our rural districtfs, especially our dairying dis tricts, than tlhese practically trained, in dustrious, and thrifty Danes. 