BUTTER IN ENGLAND. ' -' . PUZZLING PRICES: - The butter ' market continues ' to be puzzling, for though the Danish price has been liaised to 210/ f .o.b., New Zea land and Australian prices have declin ed Iby about 4/ per cwt., jmd'oven. at that reduction the deinand'is'very quiet. .The advance in Danish butter is en tirely due to the demand from Germany, . which took 16.500. casks last 'week, in (idditionto the whole Swedish output of 4000 casks, and has also made large purchases in Holland and the Baltic Provinces. The result is that English retailers who sell Danish butter all the year round are paying for it to-day. 30/ per cwt. more than for the New Zea ? land article. ' ? ( , ' ' ' ' Tho London ' representative of the New Zealand Co-operative Dairy ' Company has written to the Press, point 'ing- out '-that Danish' butter is being ^retailed at 2/ per 'lb, whereas equally good Nc'w Zealand butter can bo obtain ed at 4d. a. lb. less, and urging house wives'' to take Jho latter. So far, how ever] the demand shows no' improvement and buyers- are merely taking daily i o quiremerits. , 1 ' The wbatherN in Great Britain' con tinues to' bo cold, and it is reckoned we''have lost fully one month's make thereby, but conditions on the Contin ent are favorable for production, and 'the' output is increasing. ' ' Regulations under Mr. Bavin's Mono polies Act have been gazetted.', ? It is understood that Mr. Georgo Nesbitt had n, conference with his supporters at 'Lismoro during last weok. An oloctorato council of the A.L.P. is toi be held in connection with Byron electorate, in an anticipation of an early election. The Earl of Dndloy is sellinu by auction \- 1J tons of family silver and a library of ,20,000 volumes from Himley Hall, his family seat in Staffordshire. A sensation was caused in Sydney when: tho police arrested a young man who was porfeotly dressed in fomale attire. He will ?bo ohar«ed with impersonating afemalo. Mr. John Gunn, Premier of South Aus tralia, said that boy immigration 'hud not proved a success. A number of hoys hud 'absconded, ciuht had diod, and three had 'committed suicide. Tho Treasurer (Dr. Pago) told Mr. Prat ten, in tho House of Representatives, that the total interim. cost of tho Adelaide was £127,182, of the Sydney £885,000, the Molbourno £405,000. Tho Fordsdalo was ?expected to cost £821,000, with £37,500 additional administrative expenses of tho ?construction branch. Tho Tendulo's coBt was expected to roach £790,000, with £25, 000 additional administrative costs. Tho imatoiiiils for these ships wore purohascd at ? the hoight of tho war, but if bought now the. cost would be £100,000 less for each ship. A meeting ot the local Now State .League is to bo held on the 22nd inst. at which further stops will be taken ? with regard to evideneo to bo placed ? beforo tho Royal Commission. The ap . pointment of delegates will . also bo .gone into. . * f,,. iFriday was the 23rd anniversary of the birth tff the Federal Parliament, and 'tho Prime Minister, in making. a , . rfcrence to the occasion in tho Houso of ^Representatives, mentioned that tho surviving members included Messrs. Bamford (Queensland), 0. McDonald \- ' (Queensland), and D, Watkius (New Sputh Wales), . 