GENERAL CABLEGRAMS The Secretary of State for the Colonies '(Mr. L. C. M. S. Aniery), speaking at Birmingham, said, that the Government intended to hold office as long 11s possible. Its policy of improving Imperial relations anu ue- vclopment was tho only one that could render Britain safe. It would require 10 years to carry out the programme. The Danish Lower House, by 77 votes to 24, has passed the first read ing of the Disarmament Bill, which provides for the abolition of the army and navy, except frontier guards and " coastal defence ships, the dis mantling of all fortifications, and the transforihntion of military and naval factories into .State civil enterprises. Tho majority comprised Social Demo crats and Radicals, and the minority all the Conservaticcs. The Liberal and Left parties did not vote. Mesdaines. Trapp and Sargood, of Melbourne, are presenting an immense silk Australian flag to Canterbury Cathedral, In honour of Australian sol diers. This will complete the cathe dral's international collection. A special dedication service will be held 011 December IS. General Gnndolfo, Governor of CaglL ari, lias been appointed to tlio com mand of the National Militia in Italy, in succession to General Bailie, who re signed. General Gnndolfo distinguished himself during tho war. The Mexican Senate has ratified un animously the Mexico-Japanese Trea- ! t.v. under which each Government I agrees not to hold the other respon- ! sible for damage suffered owing to ; revolutions. The pact specifics that immigration "may he limited, according 1 to tho laws and interests of tho re- ' spective countries. Mexico is at liberty ! to- study and decide to what extent , ' Japanese immigration is desirable. j ! Emanuel Bcllivy (aged 22). a few ' weeks after marrying a jireti.v girl of 20 at Vienna (Austria), locked her up . In a flat, blacked the entrance with furniture, and then set lire to the | woman's clothing, which had been saturated with pet nil. Tile lire bri- ; gade broke in and rescued tlio girl. | whose life the husband had insured , heavily a few days previously. The British and North Ireland Gov ernments have intimated that they have no desire to be represented by counsel before l lie Boundary Commis sion. Tin- Free Slate's counsel will address a private meeting of tho Commission in London. The Royal Commission on Food Prices in London includes Sir llal- l'ard Maekluder, several war-time fond control otlleials and two members of tho former Wheat Supplies Royal Commission. It is explained that Anglo-Australian experts, whose In clusion lias been discussed, will be asked to give evidence, 