Notes and News. Queensland Master Printers played the Queensland Masonic team at cricket recently. No centuries were scored on either side, and the printers lost by 42 runs. At Toowong another team of Master Printers played a team of Ironmasters at bowls, and in this match the printers were 'also defeated—byj4. The "pen may be mightier than the sword," but it is evident that its wielders are not equally expert with bat and bowl. Few people realise what a huge thing the British Empire "Exhibition at ANtfmbley is. Someone has spoken •f it as the " Shop Window of the British Empire." Looked at in this aspect the window will have a frontage of 3,500 feet and an exhibiting space of 9,000,000 square feet. To walk round the window would be a journey of two miles. The machinery area is 538,000 square feet, and the industrial hall 525,000 square feet, the grounds cover 216 acres. Everything else is on tke same colossal scale. Printing, paper making and allied industries will be well represented. Reasons for the failure of Australia's immigration policy to attract farming settlers from Scandinavian countries were given by Mr. F. Tate, Director of Education, at the luncheon of the Institute of Advertising Men While he was in Denmark, a .country whose' prosperity was founded on its wonderful dairying industry, a professor informed him that there were abont 3,000 skilled agriculturists available for immigration each year. They went to America, as the eneral opinion was that Australia had little enthusiasm for admitting even hei own kin from England. It was considered that even the " white Australia" policy was tainted with ( selfishness, and thg_ Australians had little sense of trusteeship in not, * seeing that the country was developed in the best possible way. All through northern Europe, said Mr. Tate, Canada and America were well advertised. Australia's opinion,, however, was apparently summed up in the remark of a squatter in London rearding the Danes, " We do not want a lot of 'dagoes' in the country." Such expressions of ignorance were, unfortunately, too common, and Australians should remember that many Englishmen were of Danish extraction. They were actually of the same race and should be cucouraged to settle here, a s a d 