"Home Scenery Best" Queensland's Verdant Coast A Tourists Impressions After a world tour with his wifo, Mr. H. G. Whiting, of the A.M.P, Society, Brisbane, has returned to sing the praises of Queensland's greon>clad coast, and to point out that the Southorn Rockies of Ame- rica are not to bo compared with : the Blue Mountains of New South Wales. AH. ami Mrs. Whiting left' l>y tho Orient liner Ormuz in Afiireli lust, anil enjoyed a fine tour of nil tlie Aus tralian capita!, .including Hoburt, be fore leaving for Colombo. TItey tra velled in tlie United Kingdom; Europe, U.S.A.. und in China and Japan. In I'D conversation with a "Telegraph" re porter yesterday. Mr. Whiting showed that he had. been an observant travel ler. After all . his descriptions ot scenes abroad it was fine to iteur his praise of the Queensland coast. "America, ; with its barren patches linivvpofi itu nnnlu ""'" wtiiuiui uuuui»aiL wiui It," said Air. Whiting. "Even between Los Angeles and .Sen Francisco there site stretches of desert. And the Southern Rockies, . about which we heard sq much, are not to be compared with tlie Blue Alountaius- of -our own sunny land." Mr. Whiting was insistent on the fine picture which the Queensland coast presented. In fact, he said, right from' Thursday Idland to Adelaide, the Aus tralian coast looks fine and verdant after the sun-burnt rocky coasts ot America, with its barren lands between its portal ; .-- . THE EMDEN. At C'oeos Island the passengers of tlie Ormuz- saw the remains "of the -, Etmlen. tvhtch tlie gallant Sydney en countered. "Only a framework re mains," said AH. Whiting, "only a framework,: and apportion of. the hull!" An interesting stay was made at Colombo. At Port Said,. Air. Whiting said, prices were ridiculously cheap. " A-.pnir or leather, slippers, could- be bought . for two -' shillings. On to -Naples, past Corsica, and on to' Toulon, where tlie travellers were/interested in tlie street ' markets. ; .The Spanish coast was seen, from "ir/close," ..and the Bay of Biscay was like glass. T)isf embarking at Plymouth," Air. and Airs. Vy lilting went on t ovLon tl o : i and estab lished their headquarters 'atiBi-ixton. V ; ' WICAI BLEY, O'f course, Wembley; Exhibition at tracted , the tourists, and Mr. Whiting' was impressed by a fine -model of ari- . Australian station. "The- model Avas no bigger than this- room," -said -Mr. AVhit- ing„ "but it was.. great. -. There." . were Shearing sheds, swagmenf arid every- thing .true Jo. life.'. ". Australia.. was well' -S-- .-ote.-HQ particular State being outstanding. SHOPPING IN ENGLAND. . '.. ir!\ .'missed verjvHttle that would- interest an Australian. He made a special- trip - to see the Woolwich free ferry, with vehicles "mid -ships, and. passengers at. each end. It ran ' continuously, and" . seemed always to- be; packed. - The- threepenny and- six- penny stores in L.onln'if tAnTr iiia o«a/» One could .buy a "Httl'd3 saucepan for sixpence, : but one -iiad to pav» another sixpence for tin; lid.; ;. .Everything was either threepence or sixpence. There was a prejudice "against - . Australian fruit, nnd '-this- was said to be due- to careless packing, faulty tins, &c.; The only place, at -which; ine saw -Austra lian fruit displayed ,/as- at Coven t Garden, whe'reV Australian Tapples made a brave show.-; "Lcould.not -buy-Aus tralian., mutton or . be'ef -Jn.'Bf-lxton," said AH. Wliiting.- "There was Canter bury mutton -and -Argentine ' chilled beef, but .none from Australia." Can terbury mutton' wa's sold at :13. Gd, while choice English .fetched 2s. 6d. Danish UutteV," and butter and "mar garine' mixed., were ' common'. - "IT'S A SMALL .WORLQ." Stafford, 'Manchester, -apd Glasgow were visited, and Greenock, Air.' Whit ing's home town.' At Elgin (between Aberdeen -and; Inverness) Atr. and Airs. Whiting visited the ruins' of a church, and signed- the visitors' Irook, adding "Brisbane."- As they wero leaving a local lady, who, had. seen tho book, excitedly sought them.- "Oh! do you come from Brisbane?" she -asked. And her. . excitement was understood when she explained that . she :had a sister residlng jit W.vnnum. AIr. Whit ing also "nut across" a Mr. Strachau in- Scotland.- whose brother is a chem ist in i Mackny. Queensland. -.This gentlemnnV.said Air. Whiting, was ex ceptionally good to them, and made their, stay enjoyable, indeed. AGENCY-GENERAL. Before going to Southampton to embark for America, the tourists called at the Agent-General's oftice in London. "1 should like to iV.-Uriowloilge the courtesy, ot Air. Dillon." said Alt'. Whiting. "Nothing Cos loo much trouble for hint, and the gentleman at the counter ( do 'not. know ni., name) also was courteous- and- obliging. Queensland's office is like a club at wliieli Australians gather." At South ampton they saw .three mammoth liners, tlie Leviathan, Majestic, and Berengnria; each of over 50.000 tons, side by side, in dock. The . 13,909 ton net- looked like,' a tug alongside them. THE U.S.A. Mr. and Airs. Whiting spent somo time touring tlie United States. Mr. Whiting described the immigration arrangements as most annoying. The most absurd questions were asked -of tourists, although passports already had been provided before they left England. Americans were ailowed ashore immediately, -but "aliens" (Air. and Airs. Whiting 'found -themselves so described) were subjected to annoying examinations anci tietny winch lasted from 4 o'clock in tlie- afternoon until 9.30 at night. 'One result of these tac tics had been tlie departure of tlio Aquitanla from Southampton, to New York almost passengertess. The trip had to be made to keep the .mail con tract. In Air. Whiting's opinion tho English railways were easier to; travel on than the American. They were more comfortable and ran more smoothly than tlie American, which roared and Jolted. Tlio English railways also wero free from tlie coal smut which accom panied tlie American trains and incon venienced the travellers. This trouble was absent on the Los Angeles- San -, Francisco fine, where oil was the fuel. Air. Whil ing favourably was im pressed by tlie neatly- tiled retail mar kets iii America. These, lie said, wero refreshingly clean, and . it was a pleasure to shop at the spotless stalls. 3-IIs impression of tlie Japanese pro blem in California was tlml it still was far from solved. JAPAN AND CHINA. Alt', and Atrs. Whiting came homa via Japan and China, Tokio had maila a line recovery from the eartliquaka, but Yokohama slill was n wreck. Tlio wharves there were twisted, and generally wrecked. . At Shanghai Air. C. 15. Whiting; a customs officer, was awaiting liis brother and sister-in-law, and there was a happy reunion. . Tlio war iu China had made the cost of living very fligh. anil generally trado was disorganised.. From Hongkong the tourists returned vln Manila and Thursday. Island, to lie rewarded, ns Air. Whiting pointed out, by the fino spectacle of the green clad Queensland coast. - GRAND OPERA. Air. Whiting is a lover oC music, and his account oC. the tour was not complete without references . to the feuscs which they enjoyed in London and Paris. In London they heard tho Gorman Grand Opera Company with Gota LJungberg singing the name purl in Salome. They also heard Florenco Austral as Rrunliilde to the Slegtrled of Waller Klrchhoff. nnd heard tlio British National and the Unrl Rosa companies. Iu Paris they, heard ttie great Chaliiiptii. Air. Whiting 1uul only., one word tor these treats: -superb. . 