— Summary of Important News Appearing To-day == EGYPTIAN POSITION— British troops at Khurtoum fired on mutinous Sudanese soldiers, who suf fered heavily. Two British officers were killed, and eight men were wounded. The trouble arose from the retusal of the Sudanese troops to recognise the acting-Sirdar. Latest reports indicate that all is quiet in Cairo. OTHER CABLES— In the Midland Bank case a verdict was returned that tho plaintiff was not a party to the conspiracy. Tho Russian Soviet accuses the British Government of endeavoring to evade the arbitration offer. By a largo majority, the Danish Lower House has agreed to wholesale disarmament. Do Valera has been released from prison. He Immediately left for Dublin. Eleven miners are entombed in the ilooded colliery near Swansea, England. Rescuers have been working for 24 hours in an effort t save their com rades. The House of Clergy has declined to adopt the proposal . to provide the burial service for unbaptised babes. Four Tync and four Clyde firms are subletting lenders for the construction of the Australian cruisers. The "Sunday Express" has no doubt that tho Singapore base will be com pleted to plan. . General Pershing, chief of staff of tho United. States army, recommends Increases In strength. Puccini, tho famous composer, has died suddenly in Brussels. It is stated that 850,000 Immigrants entered the United States clandestinely last fiscal year. Queer. Alexandra, the Queen mother, will be SO years of age to-duy. Russia is declared to have the high est-developed system of gas warfare. Tho Mexican Senate has ratified the Mexico-Japanese treaty. It seems certain that beam wireless for reciprocal British and Australian stations will be abundoned. GENERAL— Fr; '> allegations relating to City Council administration nro being coil- ' sldered. in all probability a new Inquiry will | be announced this week. | A woman is alleged to have "been mur dered by her husband near Albany. The City Council elections will be held to-day. There will be contests in eleven wards. Polling hour;; will be from S a.m. to 7.30 p.m.. and a heavy poll is expected. Preparations for the aero week were made at Richmond on Saturday and yesterday. A Iceally-made 'plane, piloted by Captain Moody, crashed. Moody was uninjured. A successful electric train trial was carried out oil the lllawarra lino yes terday. The train, which consisted . of two carriages, ran from Sydenham to Rock dale. ' . The Inspector-General of Police will recommend all-round increases for the force. - We must wake up if we are to de velop our American markets, says Mr, Donald Macklnnon. He adds that the United States are looking more und more to us for food and clothing. Lord Jelllcoe. hero of Jutland, arrived from New Zealand on Saturday. He left for Moss Vale, where he will be tho guest of the Governor. Tho State Parliament will sit on Fri days until the end of the session. This will enable the House to deal with the report on pony racing. The Mclljourno hank teller who was tho hero of the hold-up on Friday has died. i Ills dying words Were: "They didn't I give me a chance; they shot straight | away." . The It. M.S. Mongolia, due at Ade laide tills afternoon, lias been declared "black." I Despite efforts of the waterside , workers the atea'mer Archer has left for J Newcastle. i SPORTING— ! New South Wales Is in a strong posl- 1 tlon In tho Sheffield Shield match | against South Australia. I Tlje home State scored 610 in tho | first innings, and South Australia has l lost four for 194. I lvippax hatted brilliantly for 127, j while V, Richardson compiled a sound i century for South Australia, i Jn tho match between England and Queensland, the visitors havo lost five wickets for 391. Hendren Is 153 not out. Good scores werc made also by Chapman, Hobbs, : und Sandham. . __ _ ' In tlie KJUara golf shield on Satur day, Manly scored a brilliant win. H. Stevens, the 15-year-old Bondi boy. swam 10U yards on Saturday In a minute. Six absolute favorites were success ful ut Canterbury Park races on Satur day . Loyal Merv beat a field of smart sprinters in the Flying Handicap. At Ascot ponies, Grndilale. trained by R Skelton, wen, and paid a dividend of U 43/10/0 for 10/. The Now South Wales Tro.ting Club will hold a meeting nt Epplng to- day, b. ginning at 12.43. There was thrilling motor cycling on tho Penrith speedway on Saturday. T. Benstead established a record, covering five miles In 4min. IS 2-5sec. The surprise of the Dunn Shield athletic meeting, was the defeat of R. D. Norman, the ex-Olympic runner. W. Clark, cf Parranintta. scored II consecufivj bulls from1 £90 yards, at Rnndwick. Young, of Sydney, knocked out Locke (Queensland), at the Sydney Stadium on Saturday nlglit. dimming, the N.S.W. tennis player, defeated O'Hnra Wood in the Mel bourne championships. He will meet Peterson ill the singles filial to-day. The All Blacks beat the Welsh team by 19 points to nil. There was Intense en (husinsm, and over 50. 1)00 people attended. , The National Rifle Association has | been notified that Rnndwick range will I be closed from to-day.,. 