No Christian Vote, “ Christian Science ” Monitor Demands. BOSTON.—Israel Zangwill urged the Jews of America to unite for political action, say ing that there should be a Jewish vote, and .adding: “If there is no Jewish vote to-day it is a disgrace,” the “Christian Science Moni tor” states editorially. “If this advice of one of their racial lead ers is generally followed by the 3,000,000 Jews' to prevent the establishment of peace in cer certain that there will develop another of those race conflicts that have done so much to prevent the establishment of peace in cer tain European countries. “Coming at a time when America is being appealed to for co-operation in solving the problems of the war-swept countries of Europe, this counsel to transport across the Atlantic racial divisions that have existed for centuries will doubtless meet with a na tion-wide protest. “If there is to be a Jewish party in the United States, its advocates will incur a .grave responsibility for raising an issue in compatible with the spirit of American in stitutions. “Mr. Zangwill has specified no grounds for a Jewish vote. Why should there be a Jew ish vote any more than a Welsh, Scottish, or Danish vote? There are no national or state laws that discriminate against the Jews. They fill public positions on an equality with all other races. If there is to be an or ganised Jewish vote, as Mr. Zangwill advises, is it to be used to obtain special privileges for a race constituting about 3 per cent, of the American people? “That there is a prejudice against certain types of Jewish immigrants from Central and Eastern Europe may be admitted without conceding that this can be lessened or abol ished by political action. American politi cal life has been troubled in the past by ef forts of this or other party to secure votes by professing to be the special friend of some race or nationality. It was hoped that the attempts to divide Americans along the lines of racial groups were diminishing. Is there any good reason for reviving them on behalf of the Jewish people? the ‘Monitor1 concludes.” 