The Advertiser ADELAIDE: TUESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1924. ALIEN INFILTRATION. Although the question of alien imm-<*> gration has not assumed in the Common-<*> wealth anything like the gravity it attained in the United States till a Kilution was found in roccnt lc£rjds,rion, it is nevertheless of such importajjrj ibat it may soon comt>ol the attention of Pariiament. In sevcrid States tl:e demund has arisen for a closer eye being kept on the character of the people from Southern Europe whose ac-igracioa has been finilitated and gieatly iccrcrtffd by the cheaper means of transt?ort which modern progress has pTovidcd. Tho reason of their influx into Australia is, a' courae, very obvious. Wiilun the past. few years drastic legislation h:'S closed the door of the United States to -Jl but an infinitesimal number of aliens, coan puted at 2 per ceat. of the numerical strength, as existing in a specified year, of the several nationaliu*^. In Aus tralia there is as yet no vheck of this or Lny othrr kind en thr landing of \Uiir: ] i Jie&£-. beyond such niodest s.ti|-'ij?-"^-?r^^ :is for i^.-aay years Ai-.^-ic;i was tonefn* I with enforcing, thit tl:.; imniigraisti; j^haJl be sound in health, of good cJiarac ? ter, and shall not be in suca a JoUtu:o condition as tc render them :i burden oa the (axpayers. These not very stringoat conditions ?he emiigrating classes, in numbers yearly increasing, have no greai <iji?.culty ia satisfying, and the result is that the vari ous States have been subjecU'd lor ;.->: n time past to a small but steadily increa- inc infiltration from the r>oover roimtrii s of Europe of people vHio, tiiror.g'.i igno rance of the Ensli?h language, arc 111;: if, as they have done in America 'or ilwir mutual protection and woifare, to form ihcniselvf? into eeparau: colonies. arA. ix?rhaps. culti\\-atc- s.-parau- interots mil habit" from Uioso of Knglisl:-?;ic-:il.ii.^ inhabitants. This ; ilir-n influx ??ann'it I br ; s-aid to hav<\- roarh?i 'bf <\micu?U.us of a national problem ncirp>sit.itin: un heroic solution, and i?, js j>rol)shly f-^-ira f<£ to the future tfiiicli li&vc; [ttomyt^i a> demand for more serious restrictions j than have yet been officially proposed ">r j contemplated. During the nine months ended September 30 the foreign arrivals were—; —Italians 2,555, Greeks 1,075, Maltese 218, and other nationalities, in cluding Jugo-Slavs, French, end Swedes. 3,301. Against these figures must be eet nearly 60,000 people from Great Britain. As yet, relatively to the stream from the old country, the foreign influx is not much more.than a trickle, but it is impossible not to agree with Sir John McWhae that badly aa we are in need of population, immigration at any price might very soon become worse than no immigration at all. The hietory of America, "the world's melting pot, r in legard to this alien question is one to which it would be fatuous to be blind. For years before the eyes of our trans pacific cousins were open to the danger their territory was beinif used as a sort of waste ground, whero other nations might deposit their rubbish in the way of paupers <*ctaal or-potential), lunatics, anarchists, felons, add persons suffering from loathsome diseases. This m timo necessitated a partial closing of the Republic's too widely opened door, and legislation of the kind was enacteu similar to that by which aliens ob\iously objectionable are excluded from the Commonwealth. But even when dis crimination on moral and hygienic giqunds began to be exercised, the United States was still invaded tty a larger alien army than it could easily assimi late. For a time the immigration was mainly from countries witl* .-nnabitants not difficult for a British stock U> ai-surb —Teutonic and Celtic, but during' tWe fifteen years immediately preceding the Great War the stream changed its character; its source being Sautnern and Eastern Europe, Latins .and Slavs pre dominating, with a strong admixture of 'Hungarian and Levantine elements. It was the great rash from Italy, Austria- Hungary, and Russia* aggregating for five years about 860,000 nor annum, which first senously alarmed the Eng lish-speaking inhabitants and led t> a demand for a population "100 per cent American," which brought about that change in the immigration policy of the country which is "reacting itn the Com monwealth as a field for alien settle ment. The sitaation we have now to face concerns the future not only of Aus tralia, but of the British people. Foi with the dosing of the American door Australia hae become one of the few countries, if not, as Sir John McWhae sugceate, the only country, available aa a future home for the British rac". is not therefore, as some who have lately spoken and written' on the ' subject appear to tiunk, a mere question of (he Latin and .the Nordic- races—whether our vacant lands shall be peopled bj the Germans and Scandinaviins or by the Italians. .With evfxy sympathy' with the New Settlers' League in their prefe rence for the Nordic stock, and derrmnrt for encouragement for a Danish irrup tion—the Danes being among tbo greatest adepts at primary productk<n in the workf-HJne cannot but see *bat ihe -JffMMA BB^rl?fw^ffflJ of nJj gollltlOPlS would be the placing of British immigra tion; on ' a better, "basis wan has'yet been attempted: So far as con cerns alien immigration, - the Federal authorities have done all that need be expected for the present in limiting arrival* from Southern Europe to 100 a month and m enlisting the aid of the Governments concerned in the rigid en forcement of a passport system, and of hygienic and other regulations. Less easy of settlement is the problem we Heem to share with Canada of inducing efficient and industrious people in the motherland on a really adequate scale to try their lock overseas. General BramweU Booth, in a letter to the Lon don ?Tunes," disputes the earnestness of the Australians and Gitoaaians ,we ';**' whole on this question. Each State in Australia, he complains, masts on a separate immigration policy, and even when it has a whole-hearted policy is not always sympathetically met by the . Federal authority. The case is etill worse in Canada, where the eastern ptovioees are afraid lest a too prodigal CTpmfitare on. immigration should lead to .. the - going too , far ahead and overshadowing them in population and trade and political power. Titos, as General Sooth declares, a ?frosty-chiD has fallen on Empire de velopment," and it is with "? land of mebnehoiy satisfaction that be views Uie prospect of the waste places of the Empire being settled Jjv races poorer— and therefore likely to take their oppor tunities more seriously—than the BritisV people. General Booth's "md>airholy" one can understand. His "satisfac tion" is less intelligible,, for it is futile and absurd to make "Mrarjce Aus tralia" our national moito if Australia is onfar to advance by the brains, enterprisu, sod laDor ~?|M£i9. * No ? £ominur nity, least of all a - young and ? new nation, can ever nope to advance that way... - ,_?-.- -~...- , 