WHAT IS WRIT MASTS ABOVE THE HOUSETOPS tpIi musts that stand where tbe high ways meet, What Place for you iu a builded street? l.-or vou were born in the forest's lap, Md 'clothed in sunshine and fpd with sap, And bathed as you grew in that finer sea, Tlie dim, green air that enfolds a irpp: Till you held your heads with your ' peers at last, Ami your woven shadows below you cast. Xow you are dead. Some doom has bound you H |,v the wharf, with the house lops round you. you can never go back to the forest ways, Hut (here's still a pathway, where leaps and plays Tlie wild wave closing for ever clett Snread. spread your wings— there is one life left. Vou shall breathe again of a Salter Than the tops of Nordic headlands luiow. You shall see yourselves in a nobler pool Than ever was laid in woodlands cool. Vou shall triuitiph and toil, you shall stagger and strain; You shall live, you shall live, you shall live again. Spread your canvas, loose from the pier. Walls, windows, roofs — what place for you here? — L.F. Prisoners will now be taken to (lie court from tlie city watchhouse in cabs. Sounds lilce transportation be fore sentence. The 'limit' in the way of lecturing immigrants was surely reached by a letter in one of the Melbourne papers signed 'Danish Aussie,' the writer o£ wliich boasted of being long natural ised, and spoke in a tone of hectoring patronage to those who need no na turalisation. Doubtless there were others, as well as he, who could not pee tlie joke. That strange dislike of all new countries to new-comers is closely akin to the attitude adopted by passengers on a liner, who, when the first port is reached, always look as if they owned the ship, and make tho^; now joining her feel almost in truders. It is the fashion, at times, io speak as though life in the older lands were a very much narrower and pettier thing than it is in the new. Yet, as every traveller knows, it is iu the old countries most of all that the stranger may come and go unnoticed. The other method is that of the villages, provincial. Which is tbe more truly broadminded? 'If Winter Comes' (a book which ivould have fitted equally ill with any other title on earth) is now on the screen. Students of style may there fore hope that the next step will be to have it translated into English. Hy the side of a pool stood a poet, a philosopher, and a child. The pool mirrored the forest near at hand, and the green bank of wild flowers, and the distant hills, and the strange shapes of clouds. And the poet saw these and much more, fairy forms and magic palaces, the likeness of which he showed them. But the child thrust his stick into the pool, break ing up its mirror, and cried out, 'Why, it's only a muddy puddle, after all.' 'True,' said the poet, 'but it held whole heaven in its heart.' And the philosopher said nothing, wondering who was in the right Melbourne found its traffic quieter and easier without the cable car. When tlie tram Ceased to slam And to butt like a ram. Melbourne said, Glad 1 am. This is jam, Without a sham. Motors cram But never jamb, Running smooth as a pram, Or the gentle stream of Cam, Or an urgent telegram. Bring the Cham Of Nizam, ' Or the Nabob of Assam! Uncle Sam, Or sons of Ham, They will vow it is no flam. They will stick like a clam, Or like Tam To liis dram (Biuiis's naughty, rorty Tajn) Tjj the town without a tram . w a cable, and thus able !° be peaceful ag a iamb. Oh, twas pity for the pity . en they brought ter back the tram. T'le , aljove forms a Ijterary curiosity Probably unique. Twenty rhymes on tram,' aud we never said It. The tram strike, by the way, pro-: iced quite a new one in the way of reuses. The men, it was declared, ' stood solidly for their right to efi w|iom they would work. It on the £ace of it, a rule that ™fj-jt fall rather harshly ou any in nlS ' w'10 fe'ls, for some reason, to j.,™180- Besides being dangerous, e weapon i6 also a double-edged irnrf. If A and his mates object to wiUl B, that may be all very sihil A at 4116 time. But B, or pob iy C, may get mates around him ?nil* 0 may strenuously object to *orkmg witl, A. ' Then*' W Aper m i'fl'f lpj)i6tice pf SWlhtng, liennw Korse still from tjtie pub dlvfi Tiew' there' Will be strifes, loijs, stoppage^ of wpfk. The time was nowat hand for Mr. puny. take bis leave. For his Mid iWas to journey beyond seas, had no-. rn atresh those lands that the eni1 80 many pilgrims to PaiVJ, Vhe earth- So Cllrlstlan 001,10 wlth bun to the sttaunono ee' an(® waited there for the set 51lini|v4tii''mpch mtiflboun ^h}ipf$rof $i Sere « pass6a since life tmd they Hey pi,..* acquainted. ; Moreover, Ui let cS6 11,111 to lie watchful, and ''nail „f n°. occasion, howsoever *WenAT1jle J110 Prince and the' said »hp„ 8 dominions. Whereunto, dry sen£' ea,c' one pf us can at sun dae the ^?,lend fitJJng'eid. By this Scribe fnSi1' 001110 ' t0 haven, an'd ten bJt?*101 ¥?S0 ready to de 4t4 'Went Godspeed, 't on their way. 'fPortun?,'!1® n ' be ''continued, as , offer6' ^ d-'e form of 1ke thiM »?rs' by ono revisiting, for .Ulrica n -sacfi ' -?ase, South lent ' 1 Britain; rind the Conti 