PROGRESSIVE DENMARK Women and Men On Equal Terms DOINGS OF NATIONAL COUNCIL' "From -May 18 to 2S of tills year nem bers, bf the*.International Council of Women. met In 'conference at- Copen hagen. An account of the gathering, written by Mrs. May Ogilvie Gordon, an Englishwoman, one of the vice-presi dentis of the council, states: "As early as February 12 our pros pective hostesses in Denmark were bu;y. Every National Council of Women all over the world received from theni at that time a charmingly expressed letter in which the following paragraph cc curs:-'You will realise that in choosing for your meeting place one of the smai ;est countries in Europe you have cno-. sen a very mndde-t setting for this in ternational gathering. But we want to assure you mat we will all try to do cur best to make you feel at home among us.' "When the time came they certainly achieved a remarkable success in this respect. . Msre than 150. delegates from many countries were drawn together for the meeting, and before they left not one of them, could possibly have felt a stranger in the land. "The etficial welcome was given at the first public meeting. t3y spedal permission it took place in the handsome Auila of the University, with its Royal Dais and its qualnt single gallery perched high up, next the roof. "Froken Henni Forchhammer tpresi dent of the Danish National Council) ex tended tne greetings of her council to the president and delegates of the Interna tional Council of Women, and the Mar chioness of Aberdgen and Temair (the international president) responded to the Danish welcome in a liappy speecl, de livered with great spirit anrd warmly ap plauded. In its bourse Lady Aberde?n referred to the genuine desire on the part of Danish men to give full oppor tunitie.s to women in public life, instanc ing how Froken Fcrchhammer had led the way as the first woman whose voice was heard in the Assembly of the League of Nationis, and that the Dan ish Government nad appointed a woman, Fru Nina Bang, as Minister of Edu cation. "Short speeches were then delivered by the presidenta ef the various national councils of women. The first speaker, Prof. Marian Whitney, from U.S.A., made a fine imp-ression by delivering her speech in Eng'ish, French, and German. the three official languages ,with equal l11ency. "There were deicgates from the re cently formed States of Europe, Czecho Slovahia, Yugo- Slavia, and Latvia. For time first time ireland sent a delegate from a national council of her -own, -Miss Ffrench. a bright young Irish woman who was studying in the Inter national Peoole's College at Helsinger. in Denmar:. ()ther councils represented were tho:e of Poland. Austria. Ung-irn, Ilkra ile. NorwaVy. Swedefi, Germany, Ne.hcrla nds. France. Great-;Britain, Bel gium, Italy. and Switzerlsnd.., Subjects Discussed • "'The departments" of work of tpe s tanding committees were:-Peace and arbitration, suffrage and rights of .clti zemishjp, equal moral standard, laws con &erning; the legal position of women, pub lic health ,education, emigration and immigration, and trades and professions for women. "Two public meetings were held, the subjects discussed being, 'Opportunities for Women in the Professions, Science, Industry, and Social Work,' and Our Obligation Toward Children.' *"The de!egates visited the Deaconesses' Founda?tion, which combines some of the finest operative theatres and surgicat work in the country with the conduct of hospital wards, the training ,C£ nurses and deaconesses, a day nursery, a home for old men and women, and several other beneficent forms of acti vity. The schools and training colleges, the pceople's high schools and agricul tural schools, the percelain factory, toe principal churches, the busy port and women's institutions in the vicinity ot Copenhagen came in for their share of attontion. "In intervals between meetings groups visited the Thorwaldsen Museum, the Technical College, the municipal insti tutions for old people, a home and school for cripples, the leading hospital with its maternity wards, and the Finsen Light Institute. Pleasure Excursions "On Sunday, after a luncheon given by the Danish National Council,. the Automobi.e Club dhove the delegates 'i a lorg proce;,or, of prieate motor cars for the chief pleasure trip in the neighborhood. Along the lovely sea coast, through the wide avenues of tue 'Dyrehaven,' with its wondcrful beech woodlands, to the old -ermitage and its e::uni?.tc view of land and sea, the cars whirled, and the people cltistered on the road and in the town aod villages gave a hearty cheer for the delegates and waved a gay greeting. "The King and Queen of Denmark were in residence at their country pa lace of Sorgenfri, and honored the dele gates by receivint ;hem there dn Sun (?aY afternoon and entertaining themn at. tea in the beautiful garden. "What gemains in our hetrts as dele gates? The sure knowledge, that Dan ish women are toiling by the side of their menfolk on equal terms under Danish law for all that is best wcrth in the world-the contentment of the many, like opportunity for all, the en couragement of individual values and ca pacities, the security of right and jut- tice in the State. The lesson will not be lost on the women of other nations. It is true they accomplished as dole gates, and with signal success the busi ness of the International Council of Women, which was the the main pur pcse of their going. IBut above and i:e yond that they have garnered a mental harvest of many vivid impressions of Detunark's democratic ways, its all-lcr v'ading sense of citizenship, the generoJs and cffec(tin'e training given to its youth the good fellowship and respect exist ing between men and women, and the: have returned to their o,wn lands witih a clearer perception of what may be achieved 'without vaunt or noise, by a peace-loviuig, industrious.. and intelligent r;eople when the will is there." V 