PRIMARY PRODUCTIONS AND SECONDARY INDUSTRIES. The land is the source of wealth, and primary production the basis of progress in Australia, as the vast areas and good climate offer niany advantages not possessed by any other country; but the success of primary industries at present depends entirely upon the narrow margin between cost of production and the world market for raw material. Under present conditions the raw material has to be sent to Europe or America to be processed or prepared, and this has the ultimate effect of increasing the cost of the finished article. Freetrade is an ideal, or would be so if the whole world practised it, but while other countries have highly protective tariffs, there is very little chance for. a young and thinly populated land to build up its secondary industries without protection. It costs so much to carry Australian primary products overseas that, to compete with other countries, Australians do not receive anything like what they, would get if their products could be absorbed locally. The cry of "more people"' for Australia is one that has become stale through use; but how many whq use it. really think the problem out? . The Barwell immigration scheme was good so far as it went, and it is far-better to bring boys out here to learn farm work, than to attempt to settle on the land grown men who have been brought up in a different environment altogether; but this is a small matter when we think of the hundreds of thousands that this country require's to develop its resources, and, furthermore, for defence purposes. Had Australia a greater population the home market would be bigger, and this can only be achieved by developing the secondary industries of the Commonwealth. Strangle these and it becomes necessary to export'the surplus primary products— develop them, even at a higher present cost, and Australia will benefit in years to come. "Sufficient unto the time" seems to be the idea of .the politician who thinks only of showing'a surplus at the present moment, but the man of vision sees further. And as no business is ever built up by cheese-paring qiethods at the beginning, so no country will ever be developed if, to save a few thousands on any one contract, the goods are imported from other countries. When the soldiers returned from abroad they were "settled on the land"—many went into the fruit growing industry, and what is the result? There is any amount of fruit, but no market for it. The distance Australia is from any thickly populated country makes it necessary for her to be, to a great extent, selfsupporting. Cities absorb primary products, and the larger they become the richer the primary producers will be. There are hundreds of thousands of people in the old lands who are not adapted, either constitutionally or through training, to the outback life, but they would be quite suitable as immigrants if they could be provided with work in or near the cities. But if these men come out here at present they are merely a drug on the market, and to make a living at all they join the ranks of that unproductive class of creature, the commis- sion agent or canvasser. It is these people who are giving Australia a bad name, whereas, if experienced tradesmen could come out here and be assured of a good living, they would not only be a decided asset to the Commonwealth, but they would absorb the primary products which now have to be shipped overseas. These products are sold at, what is in very many cases, a loss, partly due to the heavy freights, but more often the result of the profits which the "middleman" wants to make on the transaction. Even in Australia the "importer" is the man who makes the biggest income, and the profiteering which went on during the war should have been a lesson to those who, having the destiny of Australia in their hands, preach "cheapness at any cost." SUNDAY SPORTS. The inability of the church to fill its edifices has provoked the Presbyterian church in Victoria into undignified proceedings. For more than three hours last week the members of their august assembly found time to discuss the action of His Excellency the Governor (Lord Stradbroke) and Lady Stradbroke in allowing a set of tennis to be played in their grounds on the previous Sunday. Following on the address of the new Moderator, whose text was "need for constructive work," the waste of valuable time in such paltry discussion was all the more reprehensible. That the church has lost its hold over a very large section of the community no one can deny, and when men who are supposed to be exponents cf moral and spiritual laws descend to such absurdly petty discussions there is no need to search further for the fundamental reason of this decline in its influence. The church has already utilised the craze for the cinema to attempt to regain the interest of the masses, and it is quite possible that organised healthy out- door sports, or even a picnic, might achieve more in de-' veloping the moral and physical well-being of the younger members of the community than a darkened building and American films w : ll ever do. The aim of every clergyman should be to teach each member of his church how to develop a clean mind in a healthy body, and if some of the members of the Victorian Presbyterian As-, sembly were compelled to lead a physically inactive existence during six days of every week they might realise that one day in the week "exempt from public haunt" might enable them to find "sermons in stones, and good in everything." Monday is generally recognised as the clergyman's day for recreation, but, unfortunately, most people have to be in their offices or workshops on that day ! Sjf A Ss MUSIC IN ADELAIDE. The season of 1924: has now begun, and the varied nature of the programmes which are being presented to the public of Adelaide, show much versatility and embrace a wide scope. The two orchestras, the South Australian and the Conservatorium Students' Orchestra, are educational, as also is Count Filippini's Opera Company; while, in lighter vein, "Healo" is coming to amuse and delight those who frankly confess to a predilection for- comic opera. In addition to these companies of artists, several South Australians are giving recitals, while overseas' stars are now beginning to be advertised as coming attractions. Music is like a language which, constantly changing, swings between the poles of tradition and fashion. As a language it has three things to do—to define, to express, and to communicate—and three parts of us to appeal to—reason, will, emotion. Our ideal of music is always altering with the state of our knowledge. Many people must really enjoy concerts of all descriptions, for, night after night, the halls are filled with enthusiastic audiences, and long paragraphs in the daily papers give indiscriminate praise to each new effort. In the face of the latter the following extract from an article in an oversea's paper might prove interesting:— "Day to day criticism collects relevant material, reports, and judges the total musical result. The reporting is chiefly a matter of taking pains and of the luck which is apt to follow on that. The quality of the judgment improves in proportion as sufficient notice of the event is given and received, as time is allowed for reflection, as the strain is not too continuous, as value is attached to the opinion in the paper in which it appears, as it is signed by the author, and as various influences which we may vaguely call social cease to count. In the case of a new composition an impartial opinion would be possible only if the composer's name were kept secret till after the event. We arc as far and no farther from satisfactory daily criticism as we are from the fulfilment * of those * conditions." * * THE HIGH PRICE OF MEAT. Some days ago a station owner was discussing the question of the distribution of meat to the employees on his property. He said that when a sheep was killed everyone wanted the best "cuts" every time. He had to explain that, unfortunately, the animal had only two hindquarters, and that each household would have put up with other parts of the sheep sometimes. The butchers evidently have the same trouble, for at a sitting of the Royal Commission, which is enquiring into the high cost of living in Melbourne, one retail butcher said that customers would pay 1/3 a lb. for leg, but would not look at forequarters at lid. Another man volunteered the opinion that high prices were due largely to the higher standard of living among all classes. The majority of people always bought the best cuts. Probably one of the reasons which prompt people to pay more for hindquarters, is that legs and chops can be prepared much more easily and quickly than other portions of a sheep. The art of cooking, such as is practised, for instance, in France, is almost unknown in Australia, and, in this country, a leg which can be put quickly into the oven whole, or chops that can be hurriedly "cooked" in a frying-pan a few minutes before the bread-winner returns from work, are the staple "dishes" upon which most families exist. A good cook requires imagination and knowledge, and she must not be afflicted with the disease of laziness. She must look upon her work as a profession, and not as a necessary evil. Many a competent housewife can evolve nourishing and palatable food from anv edible portion of an animal, but the preparation often takes time, and this might interfere with a picture show or a bridge party! # * * * Mr. E. A. FARQUHAR, Chairman of the Harbors Board. A recent popular appointment was that of Mr. E. A. Farquhar as Chairman of the Harbors Board. As Commissioner to the Board, with which he has been associated since its inception, his main work has been as financial adviser, and claims amounting to millions of pounds have been settled at a very great reduction owing largely to his firsthand knowledge of Port Adelaide wharves, business and value, which he gained during the 13 years he was with the A.U.S.N., and Manager and Secretary of the Queen's Wharf Co. The wharf owners sent him as their special representative to give evidence before the Royal Commission in 1911. Mr. Farquhar is 53 years of age, and is a P.M. of Adelaide No. 2 and Torrens Park Masonic Lodges. He is Treasurer of the Price Memorial Oval and of the Westbourne Park Methodist Trust and Building Fund. AUSTRALIAN BUTTER IN*ENG- LAND. Traders in Australia have been much exercised in their minds lately oVer the disparity between the prices of Danish and Australian butter. Many reasons were put forward for the low r prices obtained by this country, and the opinion which is -now generally accepted, is that the loss of individuality and failure to retail Australian butter in the form that it leaves the Commonwealth is at the bottom of the trouble. Australian butter is little known to the retailer, as the bulk of our shipments have been absorbed by blenders. Agents consider that the use of our butter at the Empire Exhibition will be an excellent advertisement for the Commonwealth, but it must be followed up by judicious propaganda work. From August next the use of the national (Kangaroo) brand is to be enforced, and this will be brought before British retailers. That this has not been done before is . another in-' stance of the unsatisfactory way in which our primary productions are' placed overseas. * * * * UNIONS VERSUS LAW. For years past laws have been passed with the object of preventing strikes. The loss occasioned by any strike affects the general public, the wage-earner, and the controllers of industry. The laws range over a big field, and, if the unions were serious in their desire for the settlement of MR. E, A. FARQUHAR disputes, there would be 110 necessity for any of the repeated conflicts which are still going on. The policy of the unions is, however, in most cases, directed against the policy of the law, and the utter futility of legislation is now being shown in both Melbourne and Sydney. The Melbourne tramway system is being held up because one man lost his job, and the Mcllwraith McEacharn line of steamers has been declared "black," because a seaman injured his thumb! Cunning agitators, who have to justify their salaries in some way, are at the bottom of most industrial troubles, and if the old punishment for "high treason" could be applied to some of these wreckers it would solve a great many troubles. Sjf 2fC 3j£ ^ WOMEN GARDENERS. About twenty-five years ago, at Burnley, a suburb of Melbourne, a school was opened in which girls were taught to grow flowers and vegetables. It was then quite an innovation. Since that time there has been a rapidly increasing army of women gardeners, and Miss Edna Walling, who is one of the leading professionals in Victoria, is a landscape gardener of no mean order. She is a Devonshire girl, and loves out-door life. That gardeners, like poets, are born, not made, is her firm belief, and she has certainly done wonderful things with flowers and trees and shrubs. On her three-acre block, just outside Melbourne, Miss Walling has built a stone house, the exact replica of the„.one she lived in in England, and the only assistant she had in the work, was a woman friend. Some years ago several Adelaide women tried running a garden in the hills for profit, but lately very little has been heard of this work being done by the sex in South Australia. There are many amateurs and semi-professionals who are most successful in a small way,-but' nothing has been done, so far, towards putting the profession on the same basis as it is in Melbourne or Sydney. Gardening is fine, healthy work, and if more girls became interested they would find it more congenial than tapping a typewriter all day and every day. Flowers are always in demand, and the numbers of tea rooms and hotels that have to be supplied daily, make the selling of cut flowers a very lucrative proposition. * e * * "THE PROBLEM OF THE UNFIT." Professor R. J. Berry, who occupies the Chair of Anatomy at the Melbourne University, has for years been a staunch advocate of the scientific treatment and investigation of the mental defectives, from whom so many criminals are developed. In a recent article written for the Melbourne "Herald," Professor Berry makes the following suggestions :— 1\. The creation of the necessary research laboratories for the study of the human product. 2\. The foundation of special village communities to which the less fit could be removed and made happy and self-supporting in that relatively simple environment for which nature has constructed them. Harsh though it may seem, there are still others who would be happier in a lethal chamber or allowed to pass through life in a conn pletely sterile condition. To plead the sanctity of human life is to forget the victim of the lust of the brut2, but in any case this is a matter for the State, not for the individual. ?>. The establishment of the necessary legislation. Everyone knows that the "sins of the fathers are visited upon the children," and mental defectives, imbeciles, and idiots should not be allowed to breed children. What cattle breeders would rear his animals from degenerate stock? And why should people who have diseased minds 01* bodies be allowed to propagate their species without let or hindrance? » ' * * * THIS FREEDOM. When A. S. M. Hutchison wrote "This Freedom" there was much discussion as to whether the family belonging to parents who were both in business would necessarily turn out as badly as the children of the principal characters in the book. The general verdict seemed to be that the story was somewhat far- fetched. As a matter of fact, few women, after they are married and have children, really want to get their own living, and if circumstances arise which necessitate their contributing financially to the maintenance of the home, the) 7 usually do it under protest. It may be a perfectly silent protest, and the woman may pose as a lover of independence, but, except for a few abnormal mortal-s who have a perverted idea of the ideals of womanhood, the majority, if they have true love for their husband and children, would much sooner put them first, and the products of their brains as an "also ran." An American woman at present visiting Australia is the literary editress of an American newspaper. Calling herself a "feminist," she says that she and her husband regard their marriage as a cooperative partnership. Apparently she is under the illusion that such a partnership cannot exist unless she supports herself, or makes an effort to contribute her share of the household expenses. "Tired mothers have no mental freshness to give their children," she says, but if woman holds any sort of responsible post on the staff of a newspaper her mental freshness at the end of a heavy day would most likely be a debatable quantity. When this co-operative household was bereft of domestic help, husband and wife stayed at home 011 alternate days and ran the house. Truly, some American husbands must be super-men. * * * * CONFERENCE OF THE ASSOCIATED CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE. The reception at the Town Hall of the delegates to the above conference on Monday morning, by the Lord Mayor and Mrs. Glover, opened a gathering which should prove of great importance to the development of production, industry, and trade. The Lord Mayor, in his address of welcome, said that the good the Chambers of Commerce were doing, was very often undone by the politicians. Sir Mark Sheldon, who will preside over the conference, was very complimentary to South Australia, and mentioned that although these conferences were primarily of interest to the country as a whole, they also had a bearing on the social and economic life of the Commonwealth. Men with no particular axe to grind attended, and they went away with a better knowledge of the conditions in each State. There is a very comprehensive agenda, and experts will speak on many differentsubjects during the week. Taxation, borrowing, tariff laws, the excess of imports over exports, the gold standard, Imperial preference, and other important questions will be discussed, and the various conclusions to which this body may come should prove very helpful to the members of the Government of Australia at the present time. Adelaide has, according to visitors, a great reputation for hospitality, and the programme which has been arranged for this week should not prove a disappointment. A few social gatherings and motor trips will, no doubt, lighten the more serious business of the proceedings. 