Topics of the Week. Danes as Migrants. Wo still hear the cry. "Australia need more population," but at the rate Immigrants are coming to the Commonwealth it will take many venfk for our nnmilation to he In- creased by a million m»uli. Our im migration scheme does not seem to he ! i nrruwtl-' enough and although it is j reeognijted that it is no mean Job to try a nd get the right type of person to emigrate to our country, still with n more vigorous and sympathetic policy It should he possible to at least double or t reble the present number of persons who annually settle In Australia. The suggestion for the settling of 1 >anish farmers here seems u good one and if such a scheme as a Danish settlement is j carried out in Australia great benefit should result to our agricultural In dustry. The I >aues. us a race are industrious and peace-loving and the farmers of Denmark are recognised as the leading agriculturists of the world. It was pointed out by Capt. Lyng at a meeting of the New Set tlers" League last week, that nearly all the Danes who emigrate ut the present time find their way to America or Canada. His opinion Is that it would be in the Interests of Australia to obtain a sprinkling of Danish farmers to act as a leaven to our agricultural industry. Mr. Frank Tate, Director of Education, on his return from a trip to Denmark, also suggested that the possibility of ob taining Danes as immigrants was worth considering. Australia will have to take a broad-minded view of this immigration question. With strict supervision over the selection and settling of migrants it ought to be possible to obtain some of our now population from the industrious white races of Europe. Racially we have a great deal in common with the hardy Danes, and U appears that it would be to the bene fit of Australia as a race and a na tion if Danes were induced to settle here. During the Viking age, lust ring from about 787 to the latter part , of the tlth century, large numbers of Danes settled in Mother England. | and philologists tell us that the lan- i guage spoken in England 1,000 years ago was the same as that spoken in Denmark. Owing to the slow means of communication and transport at that period England, Scotland, Den mark, Norway and Sweden developed into different political entities, just as the different colonies in Austra lia and America would have develop ed into different political entities and evolved divergent languages except for the timely invention of tele graphs. railways find steamships. It can, therefore, be seen that Danes and Britishers have many things in common and it seems that Australia would lose nothing and most likely gain much if opportunity were given Danish farmers to emigrate to our country. The suggestion of Captain Lyng is worth the serious considera tion of both the Federal Government and the New Settlers' League of Aust ralia. 