STATE'S PRODUCTS. NECESSITY FOR MARKETS STRESSED AT SEND-OFF TO MR. HUXHAM. Presentation From Citizens. „ Speeches conveying practical suggestions were made at the City Council's Chambers this morning, where a citizens send-off to Mr. John Huxham, was given. The necessity for finding markets for Queensland's produc'tB were stressed. The new Agent-General assured the gathering that he would give that matter his closest attention, and would also strive, to secure the right type of people for Queensland who would be a help in building up the great State that Queensland was destined to be. The gathering, which was prcrilde'J Mr. J. HUXHAM, Agent-General, over by the Mayor (Alderman r.I. J. Barry), represented all shades of life. The Lord Muyor of Sydney (Alde.*man Gilpin) was among those present. The Mayor, in asking the gathering to drink to the health of Mr. Huxham, stated that Queensland was saying good-bye to one who would ho a loss to the political and commercial life of the State, but it would benefit by the knowledge he would impart into the position of Agent-General. As tne position of Agent-General was tr. re main in existence, and, as somebody had to fill it, the Government could be complimented on its choice. No one could represent the Stato better ! in London than Mr. Iluxham. (Ap plause.) His party recognised his ability. During the time ho was Min ister for Public Instruction the State benefited. His administration of the department had been marked by Ills generosity and sense of justice, and ho was leaving the department much bet tor than he found it JOB NOT A SINECURE. Tho Minister for Agriculture (Mr. W. N. Gillies), who represented the Premier. (Mr. E. G. Theodore), stated that the-sterlins qualities of Mr. Hux ham wore so well known that little moro need bo said than to wish him success in the position to'which tho Government had seen lit to appoint him. He (Mr. Gillies) did not agree | with the lato Agent-General that tho position was a sinecure and that it should bo abolished. In fact, lie dif* fered with tho Promier when he said, | aftor arriving in Americn, that it was possible the ofllco of Agent-General might bo reformed or abolished alto* gether. He differed with every man who had 'that view now, because, as he said on that occasion, no State, least of all Queensland, could be out of the running and afford to closo up Its ofDco in London, because Queens* land'had more to gain by a retention of that office than any of the other States. If all the States agreed, lu the Interest of economy—and ho thought it would be evidence of ex* travagant economy, if he might use the term—to close their offices of Agent-General in London, and concern trate on Australia House, that might be worthy of consideration, but while the States were competing with each other in London, Queensland was en titled to havo there a man whose business and political training would stand him in good stead. NEED FOR MARKETS. The Government tO:day realised that the problem confronting it was not settling people on the .land .and allowing them to.produce commodities for those who wanted to buy them, but.the organisation of transport and markets for those commodities. The cry during the war was produce and produce, and money was expended settling soldiers on the land. Then they had the spectacle of the bottom falling out of the market and there was no profit from the soil.. The 'most important thing was to find markets for. the surplus products, and it was in that direction that Mr. Hux ham would be of service to the State. Ho (Mr. Gillies) was cure Mr. Hux ham would assist the State, in that respect, when he went to London. Queensland wanted to advertise its wares and place them on the market in the most practical way, "I have faith in Mr. Huxhara as ho Is the soul of honor," said Mr. Gil* lies. "He is an honest man; he has the business training; be has the political experience; lie knows Queensland and recognises its re quirements. . I know he will make good as Agent-General in Londou. (Applause). TRIBUTES FROM BUSINESS MEN. Mr. F. W. De Little (Chamber of Commerce) sold it was recognised that Mr. Huxham already had com* merclal experience. He had given conscientious service to Queensland, and as ho was a man integrity, honesty of purpose, with a good knowledge of human nature, ho should he. valuable to Queensland in his new position. '>Wc oxpect Mr. Huxham will give liis best .and en deavor to maintain the credit of Queensland' which was so happily and ably rehabilitated by his chief, Mr. Theodore," added Mr. Do Llttlo. Tho Mayor of Toowong (Alderman A. Watson), who represented the Chamber of Manufacturers, slated that Queensland needed a live wire In London, One of the Slate's great est needs was to -find market^ for Its goods. Ho had- been opposed to State meal shops In Queensland com peting with private enterprise, hut lie wished the Government would transfer the shops to Great Britain to sell' the products of the State there. That might be done to the mutual advantago of buyers and sel lers. He had been told that Queens land butter had been sold as the best Danish butter, and that Now Zealand had been given credit for Queens land's beef and mutton. The quality of Queensland goods was all right. All thoy required were competent salesmen lo put them on the markets. Ho wished Mr. Iluxham the beRt of success. He should be able 10 do good work ofr Queensland. Mr. II. A. Manuhan (prlsbane Traders' Association) stated that ho could fairly say thnt his association •was pleased when it was announced that Mr. Huxham had been appointed. He should not only be able to handle Queensland's products successfully, but should bo ablo to do good work generally that would make a name for himself. Dr. J. P. Thompson (Royal Geogra phical Association) said Mr. Huxham had been a member of an enlightened and progressive Government. Scien* title investigation- in Queensland was indebted to the present Government for its encouragement and enterprise, CHINESE' AS MEAT EATERS. The Mayor, before asking the gath, ering to drink to the tonst, handed Mr. Huxham a wallet containing a cheque, which, ho said, was a small token from the cilizens of Brisbane. Spoaklug in regard to markots, tho Mayor thought the Eastern countries should bo exploited for markctB for Queensland's goods. Tho Chlnei.e, with tho expansion of European cus toms, would drop their chopsticks just as readily as they had -cut off their pigtails, and when they ato meat ' it should be Australian meat. Instead of sending ships to the East with sand for ballast, the Commonwealth Go* vernment might well utilise the space with surplus meat and teach the Chi nese to eat It. It might ho advantage* oub not only to send men to London to opon up markets, but also fo Can* ton, Toklo, and other important Eos* tern centres as well. MR, HUXHAM'S REPLY. Mr. Huxham, In returning thanks, said he purposed laying himself out to do his utmost for Queensland. He would pot treat the position as a sideline, but would give it his whole attention. What investments he ha( made in Queensland would remain and would bo looked after by the Pub lie Curator, whole ho was away. A to what ho would do he would no boast. Ho felt that his duties \voul( not bo light, but ho would do his bos as strenuously as he could to provt, to tho people of the State that the Government did not make a mistake, in appointing him to the Agency-Gene ral. At the oud of flvo years he would como back hoping thnt Iho people would congratulate him on tho work he had done for the State as Agent General. NOT A BOLSHEVIK STATE. The people of Queensland had noth ing to ho ashamed of their State, com mercially or politically. They should recognise.its opportunities and realise what it would bo in the future. Tho people coming to Queensland were not a bad typo. At any rato this Stato was freo from tho crime that was hap pening elsewhere. The references to Queensland as a Bolshevik Stato wero undeserved. IIo was a believer in Immigration in a way, but tho State had to bo careful that it received the right typo of immigiant. America was limiting its immigration, and was get ting the best from England and Ire land. America was laying itself out to got tho best. That was what Queensland was up against, When America couJd offer high wages to skilled artisans, such as 120 dollars to 150 dollars a week—equivalent to £24 to £30 respectively— It would bo seen what an advantage it had. He would endeavor to sco that Queensland so cured people who would not bo a bur den to it The Assistant Homo Secretary (Mr. M. S. Kirwan), who proposed the health of the Major, alsoadded his tribute to Mr. Huxham. He said he would havo at his elbow In his good wife a good helpmate who would do | a groat deal to lighten his many dU' tiOB. The Mayor acknowledged the toast, I and at his request three cheers were | given for Mr. and Mre. Huxham. 