ITEMS OF INTEREST. Pope Pius XI. received in audience on December 22nd the Abbot of Finalpia, who presented to the Holy Father ten volumes of the "Rivista Liturgica." The Holy Father, in re turn, gave his blessing to the work and to the subscribers. He expressly ex cluded those who were in arrears with their subscriptions. The O'Collins family, South Mel bourne,, has given three members to the sanctuary—Rev. W. O'Collins, St. Mary's, Geelong; Rev. Jas. O'Collins, St. Augustine's, Yarraville; and the Rev? Gerald O'Collins (ordained last Saturday in Rome for the China Mis sion). Another member, Mr. Frank O'Collins, holds a prominent plaice in the legal profession. The death on Easter Sunday of Marie Corelli, the once famous novel ist, is reported by cable. She was 60 years of age, and had outlived her earlier vogue. At the Empire Exhibition opening at Wembley, the illumination, though in complete, was effective on the first night. The Dominion and Common wealth Ways and other avdnues be came long lines of suffused light, in which thousands of visitors wandered while workers were still engaged at their gigantic task. ,The clearness of the broadcast trans mission at the opening of the Empire Exhibition was such that a record was taken of the King's speech by me dium of a loud speaker. This was broadcasted late at night with their" Majesties'' permission for the benefit of those who were unable to hear the speech in the morning. The speech was also broadcasted in Esperanto for the benefit of listeners-in on the Con tinent. Lord Ashtown, the editor of "Grievances fronj Ireland," an Orange pamphlet, has been committed for trial on a charge of assaulting boys in a train, according to a cable message. Bail was granted. Signalman admits' that his error caused the railway smash at Euston, England, by which five men were killed and 50 injured. Most of the resolutions of the im perial Economic Conference have been endorsed by the MacDonald Govern ment. Twenty million Germans are doomed to starvation or immigration, according to Prof. Cassel, of Sweden. Mr. J. F. Shea has purchased 1,200 freight cars for the S.A. railways in America at a cost of £1,000,000. The Minister of Education in the new Danish Socialist Cabinet is a woman—Madame Bang. Broken Hill mining companies re jected the new log presented by the men, but offered to go to arbitration. French military airman has smashed all records in a flight from Europe to India. Mr. Lawson, ex-Premier of Victoria, beaten by Mr. Bowser, of the Country Party, with the support of Labor, for the Speakership. 