THE NEWS IN BRIEF TASMANIA. Weather forecast (issued at 9 p.m. yi* U'rday for 24 hours ensuing):-Fine in the noith and east. Some further showers in Vkc wcfct and south, but improving. Cool westerly to southerly winds chiefly. Ocean.-South-westerly winds, fresh and squally, but moderating around Tasmania. An article on the Navigation Act to-day know» how the Federal Parliament has delegated important powers to the Minu- ten- and the Marine Council, throwing re sponaibility on them for making regula . lions of a far-reaching character, instead ol' laying down the rules in the Act itself. Our article gives this as a good »sample of government by regulation, instead of by Parliament. The Premier (Hon. J. A. Lyons) yester- day interviewed the Lieutenant-Govcrnor tcgai ding the Appropriation Bill, but no information was made available beyond a prnmiüe of "something definite" to-day. A fad drowning accident occurred at Btidpoit yesterday, a boy named Jack Weavel, 13, losing bis life after a gallant attempt had been made to rescue him. The Minister for Agriculture warns cattle owners against committing breaches of the Contagious Diseases (Cattle) Act. Cablegrams have been sent to England in connection with a scheme for stabilis- ing overseas fruit sales. Strong gales and heavy seas were encoun- tered in the long distance yacht race «round Green Island over the week-end. Clutha giouuded at Roberta's Point, and there vvcie several other narrow escapes. Weene was first to cross the line, but] Redpa won on her handicap. j ' In enjoyable weather, and under excel- lent sailing conditions, yacht challenge laces and a cadet dinghy tace were held uudcr the auspices of the Royal Yacht Club of Tasmania on Saturday. The corner stone of a Mormon Church being creeled in Lcfroy-strcet was laid on Saturday afternoon. A very successful cn^;illcctB, reunion, in connection with fort duties, was held at the Masonic-hall on Saturday evening. The Lawrenny Stakes at the Tasmanian Amateur Jockey Club's meeting at Elwick was won by Oak Queen from King Diff ahd Muskdale. W. Kitchener lode three win- ners, tho trio -being trained by J. R. Abbott. There was a sensational, acci- dent at the conclusion of the Jumpers' Flat, Rosecar and her jockey, H. Stuart, were iujured. Lady Nicholls presented prizes at the annual' Girl Guide display at the Town ball on Saturday night. [NTf-R.gTATE. ' ' W. C. F. Alneida, teller of tbe Hampton (Vic.) branch of the Commercial Bank, who was held up and shot by robbers, one of whom he captured in spite of his wounds, died on Saturday morning. Two men bave been arrcstcd_. and a third is wanted by the police. ~ A graphic story of the crime is told The Port Phillip Stevedores' Associa- tion has decided to fall into line with the waterside workers in other ports in re- fusing to work overtime on overseas yes ' tels. Mr. Donald MacKinnon, who has just ro tutued fiom the United States, says that Americans are full o: goodwill towards Australia. Seveial tragedies, including an alleged murder of a-woman by her husband, are vepoitod in the-week-end news from West Australia. Some wonderful speeds were attained at a' motor-cycle gathering on the Penrith (N-S.W7.) speedway on Saturday. lu the Sheffield Shield cricket match at Sydney, I\ew South Wales scored 510, and j South Australia have five out for 196. Against Queensland, the English eric- I kolers bavo scored 391 for five wickets; Hondi'on no1 out 153. Thieves who broke into a business es- tablishment at Newcastle (N.S.W.) on Saturday got away with sill; worth £700. nnmsM AND FOREIOM. A mutiny broko out in Khartum on Friday, two platoons ol' the 11th Sudan rr-e Infantry Regiment storming the boa phil, and killing three doctors. British .troops opened on them with machine Kims, and the situation is reported 83 well in band. A colliery disaster occurred at tho TJun vant mino in the Swansea Valley, Wales, on Friday, when tbo pit barrier burel, and the water from an old working swept through the mine, entombing 11 men. The ex-Emperor of China" lias taken re- fuge in the Japanese Legation at Peking, owing, it is believed, to fears of impend- ing trouble, the result of dissension be- tween Generals Feng und Chang. An immense Australian flag of silk has bc?n presented to Canterbury Cathedral. At the London wool sales on Friday there was a good general demand, and the bulk was sold at full recent values. There lias been considerable activity in London in chartering wheat tonnage for Australia. It is understood thal the Commonwealth loan of £6,000,000 at 4% per cent, was heavily over-subscribed on the London market. The jury in the great bank case in London found for the plaintiff, and Hobbs, a solicitor mentioned during th.i trial, was airestcd. The Secretary of_ Stale for the Colonies, in a speech on Friday, said the policy OE the Government was to improve Im- perial relations. The Danish Lower House has passed the first reading of a Disarmament Bill. The Marlborough, one of the "woodea walls of Old England," sank off the coast of Essex on Saturday, and four of bor crew were drowned. It is stated that the Singapore naval base will be completed according to the oritrinal plan. The Mexican Senate has unanimously ratified a treaty with Jnpan, under which immigration may be'limited. A Royal Commission has been appoint- ed by the British Government lo inquire into food prices. It is expected that contract« for t,ho building of the two new Australian cruis- ers will be placed early next year. The Russian Soviet has replied to the British Note refusing lo ratify the Auglo RiiBsian treaty. A private of the Cameron Highlanders in Cologne was sentenced by a court martial to death for the murder of a German woman, but the sentence was subsequently commuted to 15 years' penal scivitude. 