\- TO-DAY'S NEWS IN BRIEF. . Queensland. Metropolitan weather forecast for to- day:-More or less cloudy, with few pass- ing showers, aild south-easterly to easterly winds: fresh af times. Maximum tem- perature in Brisbane yosterday, 0D.2deg.; minimum, 58.4deg. Queensland forecast: Except for scat- tered coastal showers, generally fine; tem- perature cool to moderate and increasing inland » - , . ' There was a fine display of dogs at the Queensland Kennel Association's one point championship parade on Saturday, and the judges expressed pleasure at the condition of tho various exhibits." Aldermen G, Roes and M. Baldwin and Mr. E. J. Shaw have been elected as the contributors' representatives on , the Brisbane and South Coast Hospitals' Board, and Alderman W. A. Jolly has been elected to represent "the other metropolitan councils." Bow Quong, one" of the victims of the murderous attack by another Chinaman at Innisfail on Friday, diod in the hos- pital on Saturday morning, Later in the day Choy Foon, was charged at the Innisfail Police Court with having mur- dered Quong, and was reman'ded. Alleged cattle duffing at Jundah has caused a stir in the Longreach district. Interstate. The Federal Public Works Committee has no authority to incur expense beyond the amount specifically provided for the year, and this has been ex- hausted. At the conference of the Ministeis foi Agriculture ou Saturday it was decided that necessary legislation and financial ^ hacking should be provided in each Slate for the purpose of assisting the farmers to unite themselves into a comprehensive organisation foi- tho inaikcting of their products. The contest for the "head of the river" honours amongst Victorian school eights on Saturday resulted:-Geelong Grammar School 1, Melbourne G tammar School 2, Scots follcgc 3. For a week the tramcu-s have been absent from the streets of Melbourne, but no definite end of the tramway strike is in sight. Seven persons were injured when a rear wheel of a motor car collapsed near Brookly railway station, Victoria, on Saturday night. The car somersaulted over an embankment. When a car and a motor met in n terrific head-on collision in Footscray, Melbourne, on Saturday night, three per- sons were injured. The position of the butter market in Britain still continues to be puzzling, for though Hie price of the Danish product has been raised, the prices for Australian and New Zoalaud butter have declined, and even at the reduced rates the demand is very quiet. The demand for frozen beef by Italy is increasing Btendilv.' It is under- stood that considerable purchases are being made in Australia for direct shipment. An electric passenger train crashed into tho guard's van of a goods train in Mel- bourne on Saturday. The van was tele- scoped, and Joseph O'loughlin, the guard of the goods train, had a remarkable escape from death. Wing Commander Goble, who has suc- cessfully negotiated the greater part of u flight around Australia, has arrived at \ Perth. The V.R.C. Committee has decided to remove the disqualifications of horses, owners, trainers, and jockeys for having taken part at unregistered race meetings. The removal will take effect on May 31. The Sydney police say that two men were caught red-handed in a street rob- bery on Friday night. Australia's trade for the ten months ended March 31 shows a debit balance of £12,300,603, the value of the imports, which greatly; exceeded' the exports, hav- ing been £94',5d3,140. '.'"", ".',.. At the Melbourne City Court on Satur- day a motor car salesman,, Frederick Triggs, was committed , for trial on a charge of having assaulted a young woman with intent to commit a criminal offence. Stand By won the St. Leger at the Morphettville course, Adelaide, on Satur- day, by five lengths. Steel Bronze carno second, and King of Mirth third. Leachim beat Wynette by a head in the Elder Stakes, Statton gaining third position. . Boy immigration, according to the Premier of South Australia (Mr.,Gunn), has not proved a success in that State. Sensational developments in the New Zealand trotting scandals aro expected, and charges of ringing-in aro to be heard in the Supreme Court at Christchurch shortly. Pteropod won the Auburn Handicap at the Rosehill races on Saturday, with Pagan Chief second, and Absurdum third. King- Carlos defeated Polyclctan by a length Jn the Rosehill Handicap, . Cam- ray gaining third position. The Anglican Synod, Hobart, has passed a motion strongly-disapproving of the raising of money for hospitals and charitable purposes by means of a Tat- tersall^ sweep. International. A scene of uproar occurred in the House of Commons in consequence of tho Speaker allowing the Home Rule Bill for Scotland to be talked out. _ The basis of n new scheme for migra- tion from Britain, to Australia has been laid. The plan,' which will involve the expenditure of £10,000,000, towards which Australia _ will contribute a sub tantial quota, _ will be all- embracing, providing for British artisans as well as for rural workers, It is hoped to effect a con- siderable saving in the cost of migration. The opportunity was taken at the fare- well luncheon to Senator Wilson in 7 -m don to discuss the high rates of exchange on Australia, and tho difficulty to get re- mittances to Australia. It was sug- gested that the banks should resort "o the system of treasury bills, which would ' be issued against deposits in London, to be purchased when necessary to finar ' seasonal requirements. President Coolidgo has announced that a definite settlement of the Europear re- parations should precede the calling of <i disarmament conference. He sees no prospect of such a settlement for some months to come. As the result of negotiations with the Premier in London, an American com- pany has decided to establish a factory for the manufacture of crushed sugar cane (megass) into celotex board, suitable for building purposes, at n cost of £300,000. There was a strange scene at Derby (England), where mourners had to fill in. a grave after au interment, owing to a strike of grave diggers for increased wages. Until a settlement íb reached th,e bereaved must dig tho graves for then deceased relatives. Tho British Squadron has arrived at Auckland from Wellington. Viscount Jellicoe travjlled aboard the Hood, and a dinner was given in his honour dining the voyage. As the result of the timber display in the Australian pavilion at the Empire Exhibition, the Westminster Bank has decided to use Australian wood in its new building in Threadneedle-Btreet. Mr. Albert Hickman, Leader of the Liberal Party, and Mr. P. Mier have formed a new Ministry in Newfound- land. The United States House of Represen- tatives took a finn stand on the subject of the Japanese exclusion clause, and refused to accept President Coolidge's suggestions for a postponement till 1925. The provision will become effective fi-un July 1. The State of Louisiana (United States) furnished a singularly tragic and grue ( some spectacle by banging six Italians for the killing of the owner of a restaurant in May, 1921. The British Court of_ Inquiry into miners' wages in its report suggests the resumption of negotiations with a view to the modification of the terms of the 1921 agreement, and expresses the opinion that the provision of a minimum wage should have precedence over the distrl-] bution of profite. 