The A gent- General farewelled at launceston. BY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. TASMANIA'S POSSIBILITIES. Colonel Ercles Snowden; tlio ccntly appointor Agvnt-Geiierul fof Tasmania, is busy touring the State in order to make himself conversant v.illi its needs and facilities prior to his departure for the oid land, Yesterday uittirnoon members uf tlie Launceston Chamber rtf C'tti»= | ii:i'u:e emert a hii-h: v.oioiiei oiiuwuuu :it afterjii-olj tea in tlie lounge of tlie Brisbane Hotel. Amongst -those present, .were the Mayor (Alderman C. James), president of the Launces ton Chamber, J. A. Bain, president of tlie Agricultural Society, and ?J-:sr.-v G. T. McK inlay, G. Cl'a^. 11. Vw General Martin, Messrs P. ^lcVann, L. S. Bruce, H. Smith, secretary Launceston Chamber, W- P- James and J. Gunning, 'Daily Telegraph,' S. Dryden (Examiner), and R. Smith. Afternoon tea having been dis pensed; the Mayor on rising, said they had met in order to say au revoir to Colonel Snowden, who liad heen recently appointed as Agent : General for Tasmania. They were all very pleased to meet the. Colonel, and his appointment was a popular one. (Hear, hear.) He was well known throughout the State, he having been Mayor of Hobart. Colonel Snowden, in liis new office, may or may not. be of great value to the State. It had been said that on account of Aus tralia House aud a High Commis sioner representing Australia, Agents-General were not needed, but he (Alderman James) was of the opinion tliat Tasmania certainly did need a direct representative Ln Lon don. (Hear, hear.) There were such questions as the marketing of our produce, development of our mineral resources, and ? immigration, that needed elucidation in the old coun try. We wanted the right class of immigrant in Tasmania, not the type ol men that had recently been sent here, for they were quite unfitted for the woA of developing tlie State. There was also the big question of bringing under the notice of the manufacturers 111 the old country Tasmania's facilities for the estab lishment of industries. We had a wonderful water supply and cheap hydroelectric 'power. All Agent General had opportunities of placing such information in the right quar ters, which other men possibly did not possess. Colonel Snowden was going to London as the representa tive of the whole State — (hear, hear) — and if he could induce manufaC- ( turers to instal their industries in Launceston they would naturally be better pleased. On behalf of the Chamber of Commerce he extended him a hearty welcome, and their con gratulations on his appointmnt, and wished him bon voyage. Mr. N. Smith, vice-president of tlie Launceston Chamber of Commerce, said he had great pleasure iu sup porting Alderman James' remarks. Colonel Snowden inew our possibili ties and wants, and he hoped that when he got home' he would find scope for advocating the expansion of our industries. Our wools and mineral deposits especially needed advertis ing. He would be pleased if the colonel would make it his duty to see about'; the stg.nda.rd reauired in Eng land for peas. '' On behalf of the Chamber, he wished him bon voyage and a successful mission. (Ap I plause.) Colonel Suowdeu said he gave them his most grateful tlianks for their good wishes. As business men they would realise tlie value to him of the backing of such: a bbciy as the Laun ceston Chamber of Commerce. He had visited various important centres in Tasmania, aud in each case he had received a similar welcome as he had done that day. , One of the duties of an Agent-General was to see that the State was1 properly advertised in re gard to ' immigration. if correct in formation was not given to those who intended to make their homes here, there could oniy be one result, dis aster. Their president (Alderman James) liad -stated that they wanted the right type of immigrant, and that was certainly the case. These people must understand that th'ey had to work jolly hard when they .came here, for the days of picking gbld up in the streets were past. Propaganda work should be' carried out. amongst all classes of the community. Sol diers and workmen's clubs should be given the widest information. . The people of England must be educated to the fact that Australian products were superior to others. The Argen tine was a serious rival. It was re marked that Australian meat was sold iu London as coming from the Argen tine. Danish butter was also in greater demand than Australian. Launceston did not want any teaching as to advertising; they were capable business men. There had been a proposal on loot to send a direct re presentative of Launceston to Lon don. If that gentleman came too j London during his term of office, either as a paid official or in an hon orary capacity, he (Colonel Snowden) ?vou !d be only too pleased ft? give him :-very possible assistance. (Hear, iiear.) He liad pointed out that Tas mania was ideally situated from a ilimatic, standpoint for the establish ment of industries, and the working c lasses were of an excellent type. It we had industries set up Australia would be able to take over the sur plus population of the old land. TASMANIAN immigration. There were skilled artisans in Eng land who, if brought out. would be aide io teach run' young people. Hydro electric poffi-r was to be used, ^ud no doubt it 'vv'Ould ^oOti lie utilised all over Tasmania. A good example ol j this was to be found at the zinc J works iu Hobart. The company had invented b;ra-- sums of money, aud llu-y took a keell interest in their em ployes. Welfare work was carried out on n larp;e scale, and tllat com pany would ne'.'cr have come to Tas mania but for the hydro-electric scheme. Launceston was to be con gratulated on her rising industries. He had read with interest of the golden jubilee of one of their woollen mills. Speaking of the cottou indus try, Colonel Snowdeu considered that it had a greaj, future in Australia, and no place was more suitable than Tas mania for the cotton goods manufac ture)'. The marketing of primary products was a question of great diffi culty. The people in England had : decided that preference was not t.0 be extended to Australian goods. This, however, did not affect wool, meat, or butter. Better inter-communication between the Dominions was needed, j and faster ships to speed up trans port if the difficulty of non-preference was to be overcome. It was a mat ter that could be elaborated on, and discussed by the Chamber of Com merce. We certainly would have to find an outlet for our primary pro ducts. Immigration was an important question, but in Tasmania it had to be carried out judiciously. It was no good bringing men out here to un employment, but if we were only go ing to take employable men we must ask ourselves whether It was fair to leave the other class of men on Eng land's hands. The commission which recently came to Australia from the House of Commons complained that we only required the best class of men, and that England ' needed such men as much as we did. We must develop our country and make opportunities for the newcomers if we were to be successful in our immigration. It would be of no avail to bring out train ed English farmers and put them on virgin land. The whole scheme must be caried out on sound commercial lines. He was going home with no false ideas as to the difficulties of liis position. Mr. A. II. Ashbolt, the former Agent-General, had proved a very capable gentleman, and he hoped to carry on his good work. He looked to the Launceston Chamber for advice and help if he made any suggestions for Tasmania's welfare during his term of office. He trusted that he would not he forgotten, as was often the case when officials were so far removed from their country. The Agent-General's report was often pigeon-holed and forgotten. He could assure them Launceston would not be forgotten by him, and he thanked the president for affording him an opportunity of meeting the members of the Chamber prior to his departure. (Applause.) Mr. N. Smith said that when he was speaking he liad forgotten to taentkm the gTeat opportunities of our timber industry. , . . -i ? Colouel Snowden, iu reply, said he was aware that the timber industry in Tasmania had a great future. Am bitious schemes had been put for ward, but it required an expert^to ex plain them. He had special interest in a company, starting that day, which . was going to make bobbins and shuttles for the woollen industry in Australia. Tasmanian timbers could be utilised for other work than build ing. Our Forestry Department had the whole matter well in hand, and they would do all in their power to advance the timber industry in Tas mania. Concerning the marketing of blue peas, he said Mr. Ashbolt had strongly- urged grading and picking. ?At Devonport a special machine had i been installed for grading iu an en j deavor to overcome the poor quality that the Londan markets complained of. Those present then wished Colonel I Snowden bon voyage and a successful term of office. 