SUMMARY. a says London "Daily Express" says that the McDonald Ministry is planning to confer with dominion Labour parties. * mission, headed by Mr. J. O'Grady, is to be stretched to Moscow forthwith to arrange for Spoon of diplomatic relations. a meeting of the Conservative party is to be held on February is for the discussion of future policy. u is understood that the leaders will recommend the exclusion of tariff reform from the. party programme. An official statement says that the question of proceeding with the base at Singapore has not been discussed, sneaking on loan renewals, the Queensland Agent-general said that the people of that State were not going to be blackmailed. Those who insist on talking repudiation," ' he declared, may get a real lesson In repudiation Japan has presented to the United States resist the enactment of a proposed law preventing Japanese Immigration. The protest asks whether the United States wishes to discriminate against a friendly FON er In the Japanese House of Peers the matter was the subject of an outburst by a former Minister. '.' He declared: "The Japanese cannot aub But to the humiliation of being treated like negroes " The marriage of the Regent of Japan (Prince Hirohito) and Princess Nagako, took place in Tokio on Saturday. A post-mortem examination has shown that Lenin died from arteriosclerosis of the brain, evidently inherited from his father. The Amor lean State Department has polo led to the Polish Minister at Washington for breach of diplomatic immunity. The Minister had protested against a raid by police In December on the Polish Legation. Mr Bruce left London on Saturday for the Continent, en route to Australia, via Gallipoli. In a Rugby match played at Dublin the Irish team defeated France by 6 to nil. An unprecedented drought, aggravated by a visitation of locusts, is reported from South Africa. Great losses of cattle and crops have occurred. The Government is expected to come to the farmers' rescue. Forty miners have been entombed in a mine in Pennsylvania (USA,). Hope of rescue has been abandoned. The possibilities of wireless as a means of saving life in mine disasters is being investigated in America. Experiments have proved it possible to operate a receiving set 1000ft underground. Discussion of the French Government's final day proposals has commenced in the Chamber of Deputies. W The proposals will be hotly opposed by the B Left, but defeat of the Government is in ? probable. in The Naldera, from London to Australia, has I arrived at Bombay with 32 Influenza patients K aboard. ? On the first day of the Olympic Games win in ter sports section, Finland was leading from K Norway and the United States. The Canadian field crops last year were north SOI .000,000 dollars-a decrease of 10,000,000 dollars on 1022. h picturesque ceremony, Facing the East," took place on the visiting Japanese warships Inhoiour of the Prince Regent's marriage. Had. man paid homage by bowing before huge photographs of the Emperor, the Empress, and the Prince Regent. . at a dinner on Saturday Admiral Saito said the ins would be memorable for cementing relations between Japan and Australia. As a nation, he said, Japan had never been engaged in a war of aggression, because she Tass peaceful nation Japan had fought China In 1894-5, because the Chinese had attempted to gain supreme Upon er in Korea. Lord Forster unrolled the foundation-stone of (the Manly Soldiers' Memorial Hall yester- It was stated that £3640 was in hand for the work of the building, but more was needed. At the Navy League on Saturday the "Miss Charles-Fairfax Colours" were presented to the Richmond unit of the sea cadets. The death is reported of Mr. Francis Jago Smith, M L C, at the age of 81 years. At the Kiama show Dr. Earle Page said that the Government was trying to increase the farmers' returns through the export sales. Considering Australia's favourable condl- , lions, her butter should at least be the equal of New Zealand and Danish butter In England. A policy of butter standardisation has been adopted by the Government, and will come into force next August. Through the lines becoming tangled at the Bouts Wollongong surf carnival three men got , into difficulties in the water, and were brought ashore in a serious condition. Two recovered sufficiently to be taken to the hospital; the third, a miner named King, , could not be revived. Drawings are In preparation for a building , In Phillip-street, estimated to cost £145,000, to accommodate the Commonwealth departments. According to the Federal Public Works Department the amount expended on war Ber I nee homes up to November 30 was £18,124,970. The houses provided total 22,020, of which I 274 were erected in New South Wales. v Sobral hundred people gathered round the I Maine of Robert Burns in the Domain on Sat , and to commemorate the poet's anniversary. 1 The floral Government has decided to n i s!? in?, tenders for headstones on sailors' t and soldiers' graves in the State. violent storm- which caused many thou- B **nT,ot Pounds' damage, broke over Brisbane H on Saturday afternoon.' italian motor cars were destroyed in a fire M *¿¿T SaraE9 of Naughton and Co., at Gun ? maJority ,D.°,n,aln Mr- Halliday said the Äo^igt-bÄ^ bakeR would not I Waters's into Brisbane the St- Francois I China to Nena' star 300 natives from Cochin ? 15-16 New Caledonia mines. ? <«Ua'i»îi'!dhvHmÇ?tltlon 8t thousand con s 21s scored in11Ul0Cante,rburyDl8trlct- ""W B scored In the marching competition. I Asia, IT'S tossed the brilliant Saturday. e Anniversary Day Regatta on I from. m«,*Mlce,a that it pressed him It nature "is wonderful flights of the kind ? After the past he said- no one could ? stated Australianism thy great destiny that I Asiatic? foAr.18-f<>°ter«, held in the ? *¿\«^tg£Wpn2rafterno0D ? »MrtoteíTelas;í'yachts SCratCh raCe nor did I A/heTT,^ in. the SPeed same race. hour. l speed attained was 50 miles an I Äc0raWcesntn0RAnniVersary Hn"d'<=aP as ? '^ VSyZa\Xlriy gem Note "m I w»tath«Idr".Ri mistakes were made by repre ? ketwe victory? State in the Sheffield maU I' Cattle H W South Wales ? South \\\lier8\°D an un.favo»"Wl>Ie wicket New ? ^«n^nna'Äfne'y0^»217' And, W" ^t^T^^TiTB tor is ""a ? fa*ïta&5î,n«°,ne wicket down for 42 runs, 4 team 0; rBOt cut' fine Make a set out. ? "" defeated atahen«e.rrnm the vlsIUnS squad Powell, by 6 runs to 4 a »mBjlurcnadNq^0'h ««"»«"Ser. defeated s(s.W boxinJ JH' holder- for the welter ?. forecast championship on Saturday. ?!««ihowaT..li8ns cloud and further scat s. with weir some thunder. Otherwise seawall at paws "to,. south-westerly winds! ? E. "J places on the coast. C S. Sands and PEW, sampans. 