DEATH OF MR. N.;- C. JENSEN. A very old and highly respected resident of the Gin Gin district, Mr. Nle s Christensen . Jensen, parsed away at his home shortly before 12 o'clock last night, at the age of 7 1 years." Born in Denmark, he first be gan work on a dairy .farm at the age of 14 years, the rate of puy be- 22/ per year, At tho ago of 22 he, in company with the late Mr. J. C. Jensen of St. Kllda, worked for some time on tlie Railway, In 1878 they decided to try their fortune in Queensland, having noticed an ad vertisement in the pircss inviting immigration to that, country, they obtained an assisted passage for £3, and set sail on the sai'-ing ship Horseliel, in company, with about 300 Immigrants, principally Uer- j mans, the bill or faro being chiefly i Hour krbut and dried ' herrings. The journey from Hamburg to Mary borough occupied 17. -weeks. From- I thence 11,; Jensen proceeded to I Bonrthherg. and; still In company with J. C. Jensen, began work witli Mr. AngS;s McDonald, in the Goobur- rum district, at the rate of 12/ per week,' After six months at this place ho started work on the first section ot' the Mt.- Perry Railway, at '7/ per day. and later, together with J. j C. Jensen,, got the contract of driving .the piles tor Brushy Crcelt i bridge, under the ' supervision of Inspector King, Later while work- J.ing on Splitters Creek bridge .'he I had the misfortune to fa'l some 30 ' feet, and was 'taken to the .surgery of the late" Dr. May. : suffering- from a broken wrist, and other injuries. While convalescing he worked for that gentleman as gardener, and also taught him the Danish . language. In -1382 he married Miss - J. M. Laurisen, the Rev. W. Morris, first Rector of Christ Church, performing the ceremony. Shortly after he selected a Homestead on the Cur- rajoug creek, suffering considerable loss by a flood in 1887 and later in j 1 1900 and 1903. He neverthe'ess bv , li»rd work .vud perseverance attain- I od to a' fair niedsure of success and prosperity, Always Interested in dairying lie began . at once in a , s'nall way, and continued to do- so. in - conjunction with cancgrowlng, I till about T8 months ago when iiis robust health -began to fail and in I spite of all that could be done he | passed away as stated. He leaves, a wife and 6 children, namely: Mrs. I J. Buzza of Dallarni', Mrs. L. A. t Watson of Sydney, Mrs. E. Eddies- ton, Imbil, P. H. Jensen, of Mary borough, Chls. Jensen and MIbs ChriHtihe Jensen of Gin Gin, to mourn their, less, and to whom sincere sympathy, will be extended In .their bereavement. The funeral vi'iT. take/; place to the 'Gin Gin cemetery at 3 o'clock this after- noor, the arrangements being in the hands of Mr. W. Lund. 