I CRIMINALS SENTENCED. A BIG LIST. . Several prisoners were flcntenced yester day in General Sessions hy Judge Moule. Ruined by Raw Rum and Figs- Joseph Bell, 73 years, architect, who had pleaded guilty to larceny of n pair of field glasses and other articles, declared that' he iinu been ruined when ten years of age by doctors ordering bim raw rum and figs. If given another chance he would try to re form. His Honor pointed out thnt accused had many previous convictions. Boll would go to prison for twolre months. Menace to Society. Walter Wray, 4fi years, admitted jv charge of housebreaking on 12th Decem ber. ' His Honor described accused as a menace to society. Ife had been declared nn habitual criminal in other States. Every time he was out of gaol he committed crimes of various kinds. Thai seemed to be' his principal occupation. A term of eighteen months was imposed. Miaeed th.o Laah. James Davidson and William Harring ton were found guilty of robbery in com pany in Evans-lnno on Boxing day. Mr. Bend made an appeal on the ground that the men were of good character, and had work to go to. fTis Honor said alt-hough he did not agree with the jury's strong recommenda tion to mercy lie must give effect to it. Bobbery in company was n class of crime that, must be stopped. It was not one man against another, but two men against one man under the influence of liquor. He felt that the laah should be administered, but in view of the jury's recommendation he would not order it, hut accused would go to prison for twelve months. Danish Club Forgery. Paul ClnuRcn, formerly hon. secretary of the Danish Club, Melbourne, admitted two counts of forgery and uttering. His Honor imposed a sentenee of eigh teen montfts. He said the time spent in gaol in the United States would count a« part of the term to he served hero. A Haul of Jewellery. John iSheehan admitted baring on 2"uh December, broken the window of Kd. Pnsner, jeweller, of Bourke-slrect, and taken a quantity of jewellery. Air. K. E. Bateman appealed for clemency on the ground that accused was of good character when ho abstained from drink. A sentence 6f twelve months imprison ment was imposed. Thieves Imprisoned. Thomas Conroy, 18 years, was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment for having on 10th December, stolen hnrncss, a bicycle and ring at Brunswick. Accused was re presented by Mr. W. A. Doria, who made an appeal for clemency. Thomas Hat per, 22 years, laborer, re ceived twelve months for having broken into tlie fjarkin Oil Company's premises at Tullnmarine. He admitted five prior con victions. Leslie Joseph Millar, '2.1 years, got six months for having stolen in a dwelling. Mr. Tloare pointed out thnt accused had not previously been in gaol. George Furcell, alias Douglas, was sent to prison for twelve months for having broken into a house at Murrumbeena and Rtolen a quantity of women's wearing apparel. Struck on Head with Bottle'. A -Scottish immigrant, Daniel M'Gownn, was charged in General Sessions yesterday with having on 2fiih December, assaulted George Bromcll, shopkeeper, of Church- street, "Richmond. The Crown was re presented by Mr. Read, and Mr. 1". K. Batcmnn appeared for accused, who denied the offence. I The prosecution indicated thnt Bioinell remonstrated with accused on account of his disorderly conduct. M'Oownn attacked Bromcll, who was struck on the hend with a bottle, and who was treated nt Me lbourne Hospital for n severe scalp wound. I Accused stated that ho used the bottle jin self defence. He was being severely beaten by the other man. ! Mr. Bateman maintained thnt if n man's ! life was in danger he would be entitled to iuse any weapon he had in his possession. I The jury returned n verdict of guilty of having assaulted Bromcll,' and occasioned I actual bodily harm. They made a iecom- jmendation to merry as they considered I that he was strongly under the influence of liquor at the time, and was not re- i sponsible for hid actions. ! Accused was remanded for sentence. 1 — 