APT MOTES UNO PERTINENT They are bow called Droop Settle ments. " * • • * "Give us free trade with Java and China," say the secessionists in WiA., "but give us' protection against the Aussies of the "Eastern /States." ' •. „ • • • Mitchell's Group Settlements are . al most on. a par; with Kendenup.' Both ventures haVe required Royal Com missions to ^investigate promises and performance^; |And both De Garis and Mitchell are incurable optimists—be ing almost maniacal in that respect - A musical;hall ditty of a score years, ago voiced th£ lame ntations of a bride who "waited-at the church" for the grocm who felled to 'materialise. In Adelaide the other day, .an intending bridegroom celebrated the forthcom ing event so,' plentifully that he got himself locked, up and slept it off in a cell till 7 ;I>-m., the hour fixed for the ceremony." A kindly-hearted clergyman liaSled him out-and tied the knot an hour knd a half after the ap pointed time.;In Perth a few years ago a vacillating groomsman created consternation, and incidentally sum marily ended the wedding proceedings, by answering; "Not, yet" when aske<jl whether he Wbuld "take this woman," etc. • • . 9 9 9 "Sir James Mitchell endeavored to carry the Ship of State, on his own shoulders."—Mr. Monger How, like a god, the good Sir James bent down And took the ship upon; his shoul v," ders twain,' Monger has told us, and despite his ' - vfrown" The splendid story.,we would hear again. / ' Throughout the land we'd have- the story known,. , ■ . Of. his great1- effort, and his sad eelipse; Throughout the land we'd have .the danger shown , When men' put out to sea beneath their ships. - The . following extract from the Minister for Lands's speech is here put on record tor the reason that, of a certainty, it'will at some future period be thrown up at the Labor Gov ernment that they sent raw, untrained new-oamers into the heart of- the bush: "Wh6n I first -visited the Im migration Home, on Easter Monday, I found that 14 or 15 families were wait ing to go on to groups. They had been at the institution for three, or four weeks, an^ wanted to know when they wei^ to get out. The ouly laiid in view that was suitable for settle ment Was sufficient only for seven grohj^.: I had: 160 families coming within a month, and not * a block to put them on. It was necessary to get the officers to work at once. I have been the means, unwillingly, of send ing these people out further from a railway that I would have done under normal conditoins. They had no roads and no means of communication. They are away out in the heart of the bush, and cannot get a railway for at least two years. In the circumstances, I could not help myself, the only alter native being to keep them in the im migration Home. That would have been a very bad advertisement for the State1." Picked in 1922, pecked in 1923, pact| in 1924, packed in 1925. . The Bruce-Page Election Pact would strive to- make spine of the electorates J safe for anti-democracy,—F. There is a rumor round Perth that] the "Mirror's" fortune-telling stunt is! being conducted by Isherwood under | the alias "of "Madam Ziska." The "West" (9/8/24), on a Parlia mentary party's visit to Midland Workshops: "When" the visitors saw how many parts and how much de tailed work went to the make-up of a railway train they realised how easily a train might be made unsafe for the travelling public by a little careless workmanship, and bow much the pub lic owed to those w'ho toiled at Mid land Junction." Of course this debt! of gratitude in no way includes the] 44-hour week.—N. ♦ * # The "S.T." ends a par. concerning I the building of the cruisers with j "Bosh; also Tosh." Now the old contention's over, and] it's time to disappear, All that can be said has been said.l said, now that Bosh and Tosh are j here. How can we, poor foolish creatures,] hope to win an argument When she calls on Bosh to aid her,] and when Tosh his aid has 'lent? Let us bow our heads and leave her,] for how can we make reply? Let us go, or we shall see her stamp ] her foot and shout out "Fie!" "From the day of its formation I recognised the necessity of* something being done in order to perpetuate the composite- Ministry."—Dri Page. Right from the start he saw it; from] the day Of its formation did he recognise His obligations, and men heai;d him] say: "Something is necessary, or it ] dies." Silence! ye scoffers. In his hour of] woe The keen, far-sighted statesman ye] forget; Confess with us, ere on your way you| go, He saw at once what you have not ! seen yet. * * * The following cable doesn't seem to| square with the "supply and demand" argument of the Nationalists hands off- private-enterprise policy: — "The demand for butter continues brisk, and, although the imports during July amounted to 443,413 ewt., which is 24,000 cwt. above those for July, 1923, prices continue harder. Apparently the new arrivals have been well ab sorbed. In addition to a quantity of cold-stored stocks, Germany is still buying freely Esthonian and Latvian, as well as Danish batter, enabling the Danes to raise prices. Retailers here have advanced prices to 1/10, 2/-, and 2/2 per lb., according to quality." Here we have both supply and demand in very pronounced proportions, yet prices are not stabilised for the con sumer. Looks like a repetition of th,e stunt in cheese a little while ago, when a huge consignment was put in cold j storage to force prices up/and kept) there till the cheese went bad. 