WAGGA WAGGA: — Where the Murrumbidgee Flows Splendid Wheat Lands — Rolling Hills and Fertile Valleys By Our Special Representative: Walter D. White. First impressions often count for much. Although he does not fully realise it, the average man is keenly sen- sitive to first appearances and im- pressions. One's first impressions of Wagga are wholly favourable. It is a busy, bustling centre. Its leading people are keen, alert, and filled with a most laudable civic ambition. They are proud - and justifiably so - of their fine town and its beau- tiful surroundings. They are pardonably anxious to further its prosperity. Quite con- fidently, they claim that Wagga is one of the best and most prosper- ous centres in the State, if not in the Commonwealth. Wagga means "crow," the na- tive word for crow being "Wagga." The aboriginal method of express- ing the plural is to repeat the word. Wagga Wagga, therefore, means "the place where a large number of crows congregate." The Municipality of Wagga Wagga was proclaimed on 15th March, 1870. The present Mayor is Alderman D. T. Byrnes. Mr. R. Emblen is Town Clerk. Wagga is modern and up-to-date. More, it is a pretty town, charm- ingly situated on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River, a fine stream, with immense possibilities. Fitzmaurice Street - the main thoroughfare - has some splendid public buildings, and a number of big stores and shops. The Court House, with its imposing clock tower, is one of the chief architec- tural features. There are several fine churches, good schools, and an excellent Dis- trict Hospital. Most of the streets are tree- planted, and afford a grateful shade during the summer months. Looking up and down Fitzmaur- ice Street from near the Court House, the eye catches the vivid green of the distant hills. The trees in the leading thoroughfares are delightful masses of foliage. At Hampden Bridge, which spans the river at the end of the main street, are some fine old gums and lovely willows. Glancing up stream, the spires and towers of Wagga show up picturesquely against the sky line. On the other side the flats and rich bottom lands stretch away for miles, with sleek cattle and horses grazing in the ample pastures. The Wollundry Lagoon divides the town into two portions. The Council has deepened it and improved the banks by tree plant- ing. It now presents an exceed- ingly picturesque appearance. On the banks near Bayliss Street it is intended to lay out gardens, with a large ornamental arch, as a Sol- diers' Memorial, which will add considerably to the beauty of the locality. There are several parks, the prin- cipal being Bolton Park, on which are four cricket pitches and a foot- ball ground. Twenty tennis courts are about to be constructed there. Newtown Park, which is noted for its collection of birds and animals, and the Town Hall Gardens, situ- ated on the shore of the Wollundry Lagoon, are favourite resorts. A large portion of the Town Hall grounds is utilised as a flower gar- den, which is much frequented. Bridges are a prominent feature of Wagga. Including Hampden Bridge, they number six. The population of Wagga is 9,000. In area the municipality covers about eight square miles. In an interview, Mr. Emblen (Town Clerk), furnished the follow- ing information concerning the Municipality and its various activi- ties: The unimproved capital value of ratable lands is £694,201, and the improved capital value £2,337,207. Income from all sources for 1923 was £62,000. A considerable in- crease is expected for the current year. Rates levied by the Municipality are: General, 3½d. in the £; water, 2d.; sewerage, 2d.; lighting, £d.; and electricity loan rate, 2½d. Total rate revenue, £29,000. Services: Electricity, gasworks, water supply and sewerage, and there are also municipal saleyards. Electricity works were installed in 1922, and cost £75,000. The ser- vice has proved an unqualified suc- cess, both financially and other- wise. A profit of over £2,000 was made last year, and for the current year it is anticipated the profit will exceed £5,000. The power house adjoins the waterworks' pumping plant, and is situated on the left bank of the Murrumbidgee. So great has been the demand for cur- rent that the Council is about to spend another £10,000 in extending the service. Gasworks were originally install- ed by a company. The Council purchased in 1888. The plant is valued at £29,000, and has for years been free of debt. Naturally, the installation of the electric light ad- versely affected the output, but the quantity of gas manufactured is rapidly increasing, owing to the growing demand for cooking pur- poses. The pre- electric light output will shortly be reached again. THE COURT HOUSE, WAGGA. Water supply.- All the built- upon portions of the municipality are reticulated, and, owing to the activity in building, it has been de- cided to spend a further £10,000 on extensions of mains. The water is pumped from the Murrumbidgee to two service reservoirs, each holding 1,000,000 gallons, situated on Wil- lan's Hill. The pressure in the town is 65 lbs. to the square inch. Sewerage was installed in 1916, concrete pipes being used for the mains. The sewage gravitates to the pumping station in the centre of the town, and from there it is pumped to septic tanks. The efflu- ent is made use of to irrigate the Council's land, which is partly un- der cultivation. Saleyards are also municipally owned, and are a valuable asset to the town. This service involves the ratepayers in no expense whatever, as it is supported entirely by the fees charged to vendors of stock. Last year the numbers of stock yarded were:-219,793 sheep, 16,389 cattle, 1698 horses, and 23,409 pigs. The yards are now being extended, at a cost of £6,000. Building activity is very marked, but, notwithstanding this, dwelling houses are difficult to obtain, and as a consequence rents are on the high side. Last year 228 new build- ings were erected, at a cost of £172,826. The principal industries of the town include a flour mill, chilling and butter companies, foundries, brewery, and large joinery works. There are numerous sporting bodies, viz.: The Murrumbidgee Turf Club, football, cricket, tennis, and bowling clubs. The Murrumbidgee Pastoral and Agricultural Association has an ex- tensive and well appointed show ground, and its annual show ranks among the best outside the metro- polis. The Wagga Show has always been noted for the high standard of sheep exhibits, most of the great sheep breeders of the Riverina be- ing represented. For many years the best merinos of the Common- wealth competed. For several sea- sons scouring test prizes of £100 for sheep were given, while in the year 1904 a grand sheep prize of 200 guineas for two rams was offered, being won by Mr. J. S. Horsfall, of Widgiewa. In 1909 the number of members on the roll was 482, the present membership totals 1150. The Show Ground, of an area of 43½ acres, was added to in 1922, when a further 40 acres were pur- chased at a cost of £2540. Situated on an incline, it commands an ex- tensive view of the town of Wagga, and is easily accessible for visitors and exhibitors by means of a rail- way siding. The assets of the asso- ciation, as shown by the last bal- ance sheet in the way of buildings, property, etc., amounts to £19,055. The amount offered as prize money was £1400, while the receipts at the gates amounted to £1191. At Wagga I was fortunate in meeting Mr. S. Sorensen, Agricul- tural adviser to the Danish Govern- ment, now attached to the Danish Legation at Washington (U.S.A.), and Lieut. F. Mourier-Petersen, one of the leading farmers of Denmark. Mr. Sorensen was commissioned by his Government to investigate agri- cultural methods in Australia. He arrived in Brisbane on September 1, and travelled through the South- ern part of Queensland, and then saw the fertile dairying districts of the North Coast on his way to Vic- toria, where he attended the Mel- bourne Royal Show. There he was joined by Lieut. Petersen, who had toured Tasmania and parts of Vic- toria, and they were then continu- ing, their inspection together, pay- ing particular attention to our wheat and sheep industries. The Wagga Experiment Farm vastly interested them, and they were highly pleased with all they saw at this:-well-known institution. Wheat-breeding especially attract- ed their attention. Mr. Sorensen - a keen observer and an expert - informed me he was greatly impressed with the wheat crops around Wagga. He said the land was about the best he had seen in New South Wales. Both he and Lieut. Petersen expressed themselves as being delighted with Australia, and considered that the Wagga district and the rich lands adjacent to the Murrumbidgee would produce an ever increasing volume of wealth as the years roll- ed by. Although the visitors de- F1TZMAURICE STREET, WAGGA. clined to give an opinion on the subject, it was obvious that they were astonished at the huge areas of good land in the Commonwealth practically unoccupied and unused. However, they saw the Wagga Experiment Farm and the Irriga- tion Areas at Leeton and Griffith. When they return to little - but highly educated and closely culti- tivated - Denmark, I am certain they will report very favourably of the land and the people of the Com- monwealth. Australia could well do with a few thousands of Danish farmers on some of her broad acres. They would help us to keep this land for the white race. Regarding the possibilities of in- tense culture on the Murrumbidgee, a practical farmer of the Wagga district wrote:- "For so long has it been the popular fashion to des- cribe the coastal fringe of the State as embracing the only really valu- able dairying country - and the in- land parts as merely sheep walks, with an isolated patch here and there rich enough to grow wheat that it comes as a shock to precon- ceived notions to have it laid down as a concrete fact that the Mur- rumbidgee Valley offers prospects for mixed farming unexcelled in any part of the Commonwealth. At the present day there are many in- stances of great success having been achieved from intense culture, and there is no shadow of doubt that in the next decade these rich lands will be turned over entirely to the purpose for which they are so eminently suited, namely, the production of milk and butter. Here at our door are thousands of acres of fertile river flats, enriched by the alluvial deposits brought down from the hill country in ages past. How many realise the riches wait- ing to be won when men have the courage to follow the example of that small band who pioneered the dairying possibilities of the Wagga district and are now enjoying the fruits of their industry and perse- verance. Aided by irrigation - and in some instances without this valu- able adjunct - there are numbers of men in this district who, by using proper methods of culture and the conservation of fodders to provide for the lean years, have proved conclusively that dairying is a highly profitable venture. What is more interesting is: that they have demonstrated the absolute safety of the industry. The key to safety in dairying and pig raising is the cer- tainty of continuous supplies of succulent fodders in all seasons, and the successful establishment of lucerne on the Murrumbidgee River flats gives the security without which any expansion in this field would be disastrous. The success- ful cultivation of lucerne and other crops calls for no expert knowledge and presents no difficulties that cannot be successfully overcome with the aid of a little common knowledge, and close observation. The success that can be pointed to on several farms within five miles of Wagga disposes once and for all of the old fashioned belief that dairying has no permanent niche in the scheme of things so far as the Murrumbidgee Valley is concerned. The production of butter is now playing an important part in the creation of new wealth in this dis- trict, and thanks to the advance in the standard of butter quality largely due to the activity of the dairy branch of the Department of Agriculture in standardising for export - Australian butter now holds its own in the world's markets. We possess one of the finest climates in the world. Think of Canada, and other countries - snowed in several months of the year, and with only three or four months in which to produce the fodder necessary to feed the housed and hand- fed stock through the remainder of the year. Contrast this with conditions as we know them, and of stock grazing in the open the whole year round. And then look at the volume of butter exported to Europe from Canada. Is it too fanciful a picture to depict fertile river flats dotted over with thriving farmsteads, and a rapid expansion of dairying in this dis- trict when our settlers, realising the value of fodder conservation, turn their energies in the direction of systematic methods on the lines now practised by that handful of men who pioneered dairying along the Murrumbidgee? Conservation to the successful man is the simple doctrine of saving the bulk of the surplus fodder which yearly goes to waste. On a farm within three miles of the Wagga Post Office are lucerne stands on which the mea- sured growth of lucerne reached two inches a day. Conservation of fodder does more than merely pro- vide continuous supplies - it makes possible the feeding of that bal- anced ration, a proper proportion of dry feed and concentrates to the daily green ration. It is by follow- ing this system of a balanced ration \- green feed, dry fodder and con- centrates - that a 25 per cent. in- crease; is possible in the butter fat production. This is the method ad- opted in the leading dairying cen- tres of the State - and this is the system successfully followed in re- cent years by farmers in the Wagga district." The following figures show the expansion during the past few years of the butter industry at Wagga: For the year 1921-22. lbs, October 49,003 November 30,800 December 33,566 January 25,284 February 14,434 March 9,010 April 5,305 May 5,320 June 6,039 July 2,679 August 4,663 September 9,151 Total 205,206 For the year 1922-23. lbs. October 75,770 November 71,401 December 51,402 January 41,341 February 20,055 March 20,049 April 10,005 May 13,345 June 18,102 July 21,701 August 33,104 September 40,882 Total 428,173 Total quantity of butter, manu- factured for the twelve months ended June 30, 1024: 43G,939lbs. equals 195 tons 1 cwt. 271bs. As an evidence of increased values in this progressive district, Messrs. J. Jeremy and Co., Wagga, writing in August of this year, said: First class improved agricultural land 15 years ago was obtainable at £4 to £5 per acre. To-day this same land is readily saleable at £8 to £10 per acre. Present values are not excessive, but are justified, es- pecially as applying to properties where quick and regular railway transit for the produce is assured. Naturally land values have kept pace with the general forward movement. River frontage property within two miles of Wagga 15 years ago was available at £15 to £20 per acre, and at less prices as the dis- tance from the town increases. The cutting up of that splendid estate Gobbagumbalin for closer settle- ment opened up some magnificent frontages, which were eagerly availed of. These river frontages to-day are not procurable at a les- ser price than £30 to £40 per acre. The adaptability of these lands for intense cultivation and dairying has, in a few isolated instances been amply demonstrated, and the growing of sorghum, lucerne, and maize is possible to such an extent that it is apparent that the great possibilities of our splendid river frontages have not yet been pro- perly exploited. The prospective values of these fertile lands is hard to determine. Suffice it to say that as yet they have not been put to their proper use, and hence values cannot at present be fairly visualised. In the few instances mentioned it has been clearly shown that sorghum has been grown, yielding up to 40 tons to the acre. Such a prominent lesson speaks volumes in showing what can be done with our splendid river lands. Here again is thrust upon the read- er the convincing evidence of the growing importance of the Wagga district, especially within a radius ot 50 miles of the town, where nearly all the land will produce crops, taking one season with an- other, of 20 bushels of wheat, 25 bushels of oats and two tons of hay to the acre. These figures are not inflated, but have been borne out in recent, years as statistics prove." The celebrated Tichborne claim ant - the man who said he was Ro- ger Charles Tichborne - came from Wagga, where he was locally known as Tom Castro, a butcher. The Dowager Lady Tichborne and others professed to recognise him, but his story contained many dis- crepancies, and finally he was iden- tified as Arthur Orton, the son of a Wapping butcher. His claim was nonsuited on March 6, 1872, after a cross-exam- ination lasting 22 days. The trial lasted from April, 1873, to Febru- ary, 1874, being the longest in the annals of British history. Orton was sentenced to 14 years, but was released on ticket-of-leave in 1884. He died in London in 1898. As I saw it, the Wagga district presented a panorama of great pas- toral areas, rolling hills, magnificent wheat fields, and fat river lands. It is a beautiful stretch of coun- try. Through a portion of it the Mur- rumbidgee, a fine, almost full river, was flowing down to the Murray, there to join with the greater river and so journey on and on for hun- dreds of miles to the Southern Ocean. Not for many years has the Wagga district - always a good one \- experienced such a bountiful sea- son. There is a cheery optimism about the average man you meet at Wagga. He has unbounded faith in his district. No pessimism here- abouts. Wagga has long been recognised as one of the most important towns between Sydney and Melbourne. Its commercial activity and import- ance are generally admitted. A quarter of a century hence Wagga should be one of the leading cities in the Commonwealth. It should have a Cathedral and a University of its own. Why not? With its magnificent pastoral, wheat, dairying and fruit lands and the remarkable example of Lee- ton and Griffith, as indicating what can be done by intensive culture what is there, humanly speaking, to hinder a town so favourably situated, and endowed with such great natural advantages, from hav- ing a population of anything up to 100,000 in the course of a few short years? A wave of immigration from the over-peopled centres of the Old World is even now rising. RIVER SCENE, BELOW WAGGA. Wagga Wagga (Continued.) America has barred entrance to thousands who would seek to better their fortunes on her soil. Many are turning their eyes our way. If we are wise, if we have vision, and, above all, if we are less selfish and slothful in this, to us, extremely vital matter, we shall spare no effort to attract the best of those would be migrants to those shores. Let us never forget that our forefathers were men who mi- grated to this land. They found it a good country. They made good. Well, let us invite thousands and hundreds of thousands of our kith and kin to come and settle on our fertile empty lands. Once settle the right class of far- mer on the niagniiicent Murrum bidgee lands, Wagga and other THE MURRUMBIDGEE RIVER. Riverine towns will simply bound ahead. That was the experience of the United States. It has been Can- ada's experience. It can be ours. It ought to be our experience. "Will Wagga take the lead in this matter?: [The photos of the Court House and Fitzmaurice Street, Wagga, are from the studio of Mr. Herbert McCoy, photographic-artist, Wagga; The Murrumbidgee, near Wagga, courtesy of "Bank Notes," the staff magazine of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia; the Wollundry. Lagoon, Wagga. from the "Daily Advertiser," Wagga.] 