DENMARK. ' izrf. ':'! MtfMF Farming Methods. '- . — tEGaATiON, COOPERATION AND EDUCATION BASIS OF PROSPERITY. >-, MR. FRANK TATE'S IMPRESSIONS. > . .-- "Denmark has, for years, been an object of great Interest to students by reason of its advanced social legislation, and of the steady progress of its people from a condition of ignorance and poverty to one of wide spread onltnre, comfort and prosperity. No agricultural — -- community can show greater returns from its work on the land than can these intelligent workers within a hard natural environment ; none can surpass them in adapting scientific and business methods to farm problems. The : Banes have shown a genius for eo-operation, which has . resulted in doubling and trebling their national ontpnt ; of dairy produce In a comparatively brief time, and in " securing s for them the most favorable marketing condi - .. . tions." 1 ihl« statement Is made by the Dl- £' vector of Education (Mr. Frank i«SS5w») in a foreword to a small book, entitled "Sortie Lessons from Kural ,-Bonmark," which he has recently VlUShed. Mr. Tate recently visited HWropo as a representative of Vic- fotla at the Imperial Conference on _ Education, held in London, ami the he has jost ptibliphftd friv<-,4 the i results of oliserviitions made during na official \ .sit to In nmark. — fl"o both educationists and agri- culturalists, Mr. Tate's book should of especial interest, as it contains some solid advice, and there is no doubt that were Australia but to emulate the hardy Danes In their up-to-date farming methods, their common-sense educational system, and their social legislation provided by a l'arliament composed princi pally Of farmer politicians, th«'o with our tremendous natural poi'-nliall- "tlOO Australia should become the greatest agricultural nation in the world. There are lessons, and aye, , av. etier is to be a developed man, able to think for himself, hospitable to new thought, and capable of ap plying the conclusions of his read ing, thinking and discussion to his own special problems. They have thus produced a farmer daw able to (iiuppmic inteiUgently, keen to ob» m-mc the lust modern methods of production., ami nilling and anxious to lake the advice of a corps of liirtiiiy skilled agricultural scientists who are employed as 'counsellors' by their co-operative Kocieties, aided by the Government. Those who through- en t Australia are anxious to have a Farmers' Party dominating oar leg islature should take example by Den mark. l was informed, whilst In f a'penhaged. that more than half the '..i i 'hen--, of the government were ! riners, and that all of these had W o (raile d in the People's High Schools. This has been the case for some years past .It Was, however, by the steady raising of the quality of the citizenship of the farmer class ; many lessons, which the keen Aus tralian can learn from a study of Danish agriculture, and these have been pointed out time and again by many people who have visited that country; Mr. Tate, however, goes deep into the problem of scientific farthing arid .dearly points out that the basis of Denmark's success in her farming operations, which has brought uftthought -of prosperity to the nation, lies in education, co-oper- atioh and legislation. A small coun try, with hard natural conditions, and no bigger thaft our Gtppsland 1 prdvi nee, Denmark sent out in 1921 i bacon to the value of £16, 660, 616, butler to the Value of £ 1 5,084, 60S, and eggs to the value of £5,455,373. ! These figures are the most convinc ing proof of the great prosperity of Denmark, and when it is recognised that but a few generations ago this tiny country Was practically bank rupt from repeated wars, its peas ants were just throwing off the bonds -tit serfdom, and it had practically no natural advantages but many disad vantages, the above i gures become all the more remarkable. It is sure ly a great achievement for this coun try to becbtne in such a short time otle of the richest and most prosper ous countries in Europe and the leader of, the world in methods of rural industry, and, therefore, a by the practice of team work in the co-operative societies ; by the pro gressive improvement . In their me thods of production; and. above all, by the development xvithin them of a strong national spirit founded on goodwill to the whole community that. tMw political results Were made possible." ADULT EDUCATION. A feature of the educational sys tem in Denmark is the provision of high schools and agricultural Schools i for adults. Persons between the j ages of 18 years and 25 years can ; take the five months residential . course at what is termed the Peoples i High Schools. The popularity of j these Peoples High Schools is some thing wonderful, and is a feature of Danish national life. Mr. Tatfe de votes a considerable amount of Space to a description of the educk'ional system, both primary and second ary, which is adopted in Denmark, and lays special emphasis oil the value of the adult education prac tised in that country which has rais ed the standard of the farmer class and been the means of lifting war- ravaged Denmark from a position of serfdom and stagnation to that of a I great agricultural nation. Dealing especially with the Peoples Agricul- tural School, Mr. Tate points out that j itB aim IS definitely practical. The agricultural students are young men who have left the primary school five or six years before and have been en gaged iu farm work. Tin prelimin ary High School course, which ihey generally lake, gives them not only a store of in formation ! ut, especially, iho intellectual stimulus am. the hat-it of study and discussion which ! are necessary before they can re vive profit from their techanical work. The students live In the school with their teachers as a family, the spirit of the government is demo cratic, there is the same effort to de velop the corporate spirit through the stimulus of song and literature. The main difference in organisation is the length of the courses. The Ag ricultural Schools give courses of six and nine months' duration; and, in addition to courses of a general na ture, thej' train for special and ad vanced work such as that of dairy supervisor, or of control assistant, or' of manager of a' targe farm. As tin- students are from 20-25 years of ai;.-, ahd us all' of them fguiit have had a ,. jdaotteal training of ut least iv.o years on a farm rand in Den mark this implies an excellent train ing), the instruction given In the Agricultural School is confined to theoretical principles, and there is ho Held work. The pupils, know how to do certoln farm operations. They are in these schools shown the reason wl' ihcy do them. study of her methods should un doubtedly prove both interesting and Instructive. In this achievement. Mr. Tate points out that the work of the schools has had a very import ant' and honorable place. FARMERS AND CO- OPERATION. Commenting oh the fact that leg islature power in Denmark is in the hands of the farmers themselves Mr. Tata in his introductory chapter says: — "Now, th fact is that legls- lative powers in Denmark to-day i < in the hands of its farmers, and that these farmers have learned to co operate in both production and dis tribution or their produce. There Ik no fact in D..niah life which strikes the observer more than their cu pac ify for 'team work.' It was. no doubt, th widespread practice of co operation which showed the rural, people how to make their .influence effective in the counsels of the na- ti«a m It Was no doubt the mental anw CnoHtl discipline of active co operation which fitted their leaders 'or public life. Danish rural educa tion Iras' realised that th human element in rural industry is HI i mpoi ; J.nt, and that true (fMlttek aunt be intimately raMttgd t five whole life and not merely to that part of life concerned With trace earning. The Danes have digit M| enough to reaiira that the dtwt qualification for k successful ikriuec an.' a sue, '. --slut (.'".miry Then agricultural schools, of which' there are about twenty, give a gen eral training in agriculture to young men who have had already thr, « or four yean' practical expefitnt e on a farm and have also attended cultural courses at the Ewpk't High Schools. It la in these, ntfcobta that the non commissioned Officers of the agricul tural army are trained — the dairy' supervisors, cream graders, and con trol assistants, who are employed by the local co-operative societies. PARMER COUNCILLORS. M r. Tate states that it is quite wrong to visualise the Danish farm popula tion as a body of hlghly»tiralned scien tific farmers. He pott out that while' they have a good elementary school training their co-operative societiee keep them up to the mark by bringing pressure upon them to adopt improved methods and to ob- st r\ e With scruplous exactness the rules prescribed in the interests of ail who. are engaged in the industry. But the real impulse and direction towards scientific farming and to wards efficient business methods as explained by Mr. Tate .came from the scientific "staff officer"— -the coun sellors employed by the societies and by the Btite. tB aeMBtiats ehgftged 'in the various research atld experi ment Stations, the professors of the Agricultural College, and the high-; grade business men who afe connect ed with the co-operative export as sociations. A DANISH-AUSTftAtAAX'8 , IMPRESSIONS. Mr. J. Lyng. a Dans who cams to Australia thirty-three years ago. Went balk tb Denmark tart year tor a Visit. Me thus records his impres sions:— "It was, "however, when I cams Into the country that the ceoho- mlo stability of Denmark impressed me most. In my excursions into various parte o t the lahd, I did not see a single dilapidated homestead or understocked farm. The strain of cattle through continuous select breeding had attained a high standard us milk producers farming was caVrled Oh on scientific lines, and the s>-nson gave promise of a bountiful harvest. The old-time villages were in a state of dissolution, many of the homesteads having been moved out so as to be more centrally situated on the holding, While streWn broadcast over the whole country were the neat and comfortable homes of the small holders. From the tops of every middle-sized farm rose windmills to provide cheap poWcr for the thresh ing machine, the eleawr, and the chaffcutter. The farmers' dwelling- houses were furnished like well-to-do town houses, and provided With elec tric light and telephone; while the one- time stupid peasants who dared not raise their heads or call their souls their own had become enlight ened agriculturalist conscious of th"ir own Importance, " In other chapters Mr. Tate explains the uroWth mid importance Of the co operative niovemfent wrhieh has spread right throughout the country. These co- operative companies are managed under the franchise of "one man one vote." and each local society has only one single object. That is, the farm ers in ohe particular district would Have their co-operative supply stores, dairy "control" society, bull club, horse breeding or egg collecting so ciety, Which would all be carried out under ihc co-operative principle, bu't each Would P'- a separate society. The Danes have recognised that the mar keting of their products is as import ant as production itself, and they have therefore concentrated on the dis tribution of their butter and other products so that they cbuld receive the very highest price. QUESTION OF MIGRATION. In the cm;, luffing Impter Mr Tate says: — "Denmark has. ev cry year, a slnal I excess of trained 'agricultural laborers. The movement of these migrants is invariably towards America. When I asked why they were, not attracted towards Australia. I was told (hat Australia did hot Wel come immigrants and that, " In any case, she did not want foreigners. There is no doubt that this opinion I I wide spread. I cannot itnapine a better class of immigrant for our rural districts, especially our dairy ing districts than these practically trained, industrious and thrifty Danes. Racially, we Anglo-Saxons come of the same stock. Our history touches theirs at many points. Our language shows traces of Danish in fluence, In my judgment, they would develop into excellent Australians, as Indeed have tuany Danes Who to-day occupy leading positions in our midst." A TYPICAL LANDSCAPE IN FUN EN. DANISH COWS ARE BLANK E IT ID, EXCEPT JX SIMMER. 