HERE AND THERE Silver-Lead Mines It is reported from Zeehan (Tasmania) that a larte amomunt of Victorian honey is available for investment in silver-lead propositions that may prove to be perma neut and profitable. Pillion Riding For having rid'len. on the back -b f a motdr cycle in Hlutt street, Adelaide, on Janhuar.r 5 Edward Kittel was' fined 5/, with 15/ costs. by Mrl'. E. 1. Sabine, P.M., in the Adelaide Police Court today, Charge Dismissed Tr;. T;. TIf. Flaslam, S.3M., in No. 2 Ade laide Police Court this morning dismissed the information in the adjourned case in which Richard M?arlow. licencee of the .Tolly Miller Hotel, Adam street, Hind marsh, was charged with having unlaw filly supplied liq'ior at 10.40 p.in. on December 8. Plainclothes - Constable Ifomces prosecuted, and Mr. George I, Zicesing defended. Left. Car Stationary On a charge of ihavine on Nbvember. 16 left a motor car standing in King Wil liam street, Adelaide, for longer'than 13 minutes Frederick E. Dutton-Briant. who did not anpecar, was ordered to forfeit £3 7/, including £3 2/ costs, by nIr. LJ H. 1aslam, S.M.. in No. 2 Adelaide Police Court today. Mr. E. B. Cox prosecuted on )ehlalf of the City Council. Constable Meiladue said the car had been standing stationary from 11.35 a.m. until 12.30 p.m. Constable McGee also gave evidence. Three Danish Deserters i When the Danish steamer Progress left Port Adelaide yesterday bound for the eastern States fhree members of the crew were found to be missing, they, evidently having deserted. They are young Danes and are not prohibited immigrants, as they havxe passports. No warrants for desertion were issued for their arrest. New Telephone Lines .IMr. J. \V. Kitto (Deputy .Postmaster General) is irviting tenders for the erec tion of eight separate telephone lines in various country. districts. The times at which the tenders for the above lines close are advertised. Man's Skull Fractured . It was learned from the Adelaide EHos pital authorities today that the conditioi of Jolman. 'Thomas Lees, 9f.Wfaymouth, street,.-:was unchanged. Lecs was admit-: tedil on Monday morning witih a.:'i ctured1 skull and internal injuries which he is said to have received in an assault. The same report was made regarding Roy Grenfell, who was admitted to the hospi tal yesterday after having been pinned bei..eat himo.or. cle 