1 THE AGENCYGEflERAL ABOLITION FAVOURED. . : BRISBANE, Wednesday Declaring that the necessity , for the maintenance of the office .of. Agunt-.Gerieral had disappeared en- , tlrely. Mr.- J. A. Fihelly. formerly,, Queensland ; Agen t-General in Lon don,; last: night urged that it should .be. abolished; - arid, the lease of the building :ln the Strand sold.' "The , office," lie said, "is not wanted; ; it is a f"al sinecure.".. .... . "Wliat ; the popple 'Of Queensland' want, '' /Mr. Fihelly; .added, .''is a candid statenient1 of- 'Wliat happened in Lorid'on soriie wesks ago. . .-Con- cesslbris' will liave to he given, to the financiers in Lpndonand we are en- ,ti tied to ; know that measure. ; ' : of concession, as soon, as 'possible. The ;address was. delivered before a gaUieririg. of the 'Queensland; Irish Association, over which Mr. P. Scott presided, The /Mayor . (Aidev.niari M. : J. ..Barry) . . in " welcoming Mr.' Fihel ly, said lie had endeared himself not only to the Irish people but to every man and' woman in tlie community who wanted help. His conspicuous personality arid outstanding ability had already made him the political hero of Queensland. Mr, Lewis M'Dbnald (secretary of the C.P.E.) said the gathering affor ded eloquent testimony to the fact that during his absence Mr. Fihelly. had lost none of his popularity. He had not only 'made his mark in the public of the State, but also in sport. Mr. C. Dawson said he , wished other representatives of 'Labour in the. Queensland Parliament had bee'n as conscientious and as inter ested in the .cause of the workers as Mr. Fihelly. "A SINECURE." Mr. Fihelly, on rising to spealc, was greeted with prolonged i ap plause, and the gathering rose and sang "For' He's a Jolly Good Fel low." At the outset Mr. Fihelly said members of the Labour Party had always heen very good to him both while bo: was a private mem ber and a, Cabinet. Minister. At times, however, the fight was very strenu ous. and very often tlie party was. divided on such matters as a mono poly of the workers' compensation insurance, the abolition of capital punishment, and the Money Lenders Bill. He had become tired, and per haps weary, ol' some things, which lie did not want to go into, and lie thought that a change might bo advisable. However, he came hack from London with no regrets at all. Prior to leaving he had told the Premier his opinion regarding the office of Agent-General. "I told him," he said "that the office was not wanted." It is a real sinecure, and i suggested that it should he abolish ed. and the lease of the buildings in the Strand sold. This would bring in about £20,000. We could then go \down tq Australia House. ; where they have a iot of vacant rOonis and land agents selling land at Canberra, the Federal capital. The interest on the £20.000 would amply pay the rent, we are- paying now, and to that extent it would lie straight out profit." APPOINTMENT OF BUSINESS MAN Mr. Fihelly went on to refer to the suggestion made by what he . described as "the young and middle-aged members of the Tax payers' Association" of the appolnt- ' meut of a business man as Agent- Genera!. "My experience of busi ness men,'' lie said, "leads me to. believe that it would he a tragedy to have a business man filling the position of Agent-General. It docs not necessarily follow that because n man can buy goods cheaply, an:! sell them dearly, and make a lot oi rags,, that lie will he successful in everything. I recollect saying some time ago that it was an excellent thing to have a Ministry with a business man in it, more particu larly if it were a Labour Ministry. These Ministeries are supposed to he unbusinesslike, and the inclus ion of a business man in the Cabinet inspires confidence. But when you have the business man there do not allow him to i touch any business matters. , That conclusion I have come to after a deal in wheat in which a' business man in the Cabinet lost many thousands of pounds. He was a good man in his own business about which lie knew everything.'" OUT-OF-DATE AGENTS. The agents in London handling Australian butler were out of date, continued Mr. Fihelly. and did not prevent Australian butter from be ing sent into Tooley-street, and sold there as best Danish and best Irish butter. He would quote one in stance to show how complete the bungling was. At one time the London price for butter dropped lrom 180/ to 112/ a cwt. Specula tors brought on the ruling market, price of 112/ and held stocks for several weeks, until the price again firmed. No one in Australia attemp ted lo ascertain tlie reason lor that drop, yet it was close at hand. There iweve 40.000 tons of. Australian and New Zealand butter held in - cold stores by the British .Government. Tlie co-operatives and factories here could hnve bought that butter, hut they, profered to leave the English' Government to , buy It from. £50 to £80 per ton. As-a result, big depart mental stores retniled it over the counter at about 1/ a lb. Eight ap proved dealers In. Tooley-street were able to carve out a fortune as a re sult of tliis-de.il.: - . ".UNADULTERATED NONSENSE.". "I sav emphatically.'!, added . Mr.' Fihollv, "that all this talk,, about \- tile .appointment of a business man Eolving all the problems is pure, un- Vdultcraled nonSens The:: business . .'man has got < a' good, deal .to: recom- mend him for any position, but he Is generally better off in his own particular business." Mr. Filiclly went, on to say that the office of Agent- General was originally creat ed to deal with immigration, and small loans, and to carry on nego tiations with the Colonial Office.' ' Wo do not deal with immigration now." he said, "we carry on such abstruse negotiations with the Colo nial Office that I was there once onlv,- and that was when I made a duty call- on the incoming Colonial Sec retary. With regard to loans we liaye practically nothing to do with them, because we are advised : by. our broker. If the money is avail- abo he will tell us the terms just as Mr. Theodore was told. It will be seen from these particulars that the offlc" lias disappeared entirely.. -The. Australian sellers should' have, their own agents in London. That -is all that iq wanted.it : - ' / First aid . against soughs and \- colds yrood'u Great Peppermint \- Uws. V 