| [Through our Sydney Sepre«entatives.J bYDNKY, Thursday Afternoon. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. j 'Will it Bun its Course? Mr. Marr, the Government Wlnp, does not think there will be a Federal elec tion before the present Parliament ex pires by effluxion of time in Mareli, j th-d. He emphasises the need of con tinuing the present, ^arrangements be- j tween the Nationalist and Country par ties. ■ | MOTOR SHIP SERVICE. Tenders Called. , Tenders have been invited for .the eon struction of a number of fast motor : ships for a new service b^weeu Eug laud and Australia. The movement ori ginated in England. ROWING CONTEST ON SUNDAY. Adelaide Objects. A strong protest lias been raised by the Presbytery at Adelaide against the ■ inter-State rowing contest held there last Sundav. WIRELESS CONFERENCE. i PM.G. Willing. It is understood the Postniasier^General ] is willing to have another conference i on the subject of wireless receiving j sets.' ' i 1923 MINERAL OUTPUT. Record for NJ3.V7. j The value of the output of ; minerals 1 last year in jfifi ytes £10,29^- ,:| 000, a record- fbr the'State. COAL STRIKE. Six Mines Idle. Six mines on ihe northern coal Seld were idle yesterday on account of strikes. Mr. Fitspatrick, Minister for Miues, is anxious to effect a settlement of the coke strike, because of the loss of trade , and wages. A special conciliation com mission Is still in touch with ...e par- j ties. | * IMPORT DUTY ON FLOUR. New Zealand Wants. Increase. , The New Zealand Government will ask ; Parliament to increase the import duty i on Hour 'by 2/ per tou. The existing i embargoes on the importation of wheat[ into New Zealaud will be removed at "tlie end of February, 1925. I VISIT OF FLEET. ,2 -»■ Holidays for the Schools. _ .Oh. the occasion of the fleet's visit to i5yjlney, the city schools will be closed on April 10 and" 31, and country schools will be allowed an extra holiday * 'PACKED*' MEETINGS, t WGr. MjcGirr Angry. j In a statement at Young, Mr. .Tames McGirr said the clectornl council meet- | iiig, held at Harden recently, was pack-1 cd far beyond its numbers. "T have j *proof that corruption exists, and that j leagues are packed, ahd'for that reason ; I will refuse to submit .my name tp .my J corrupt aud bogus body." S. A. ELECTIONS. - 101 Candidates for 46 Seats. (Nominations for tic. South Australian elections closed yesterday. There are 101 candidates for 46 seats. "SUP" CARR Tor the Olympiad. '' Slip" Catr stated definitely, : last night, lie would he a member of the .Australian Olympic team. He added he would go unconditionally. " , BIG CBXCKET. , In the match N .8. Wales v. Taranki put for ^30. ( and N, 8. W.:one wicket £or l37. JAPAN and ATJSTRAT.TA. Senator Pratten TalkB. '.-V Senator Pratten, addressing the/War, tional Sj^akcrs'jt Association, said i Japan Vn^vhmking a bH for!Sfeommen^ {cistl ; supremacy in . the Pacific,. .and" jsvhile Australia to, sink'fhe ,b'niy- battleship ,,shef■■■imdfj'jhe;;,ika% -|>hen told - one/ .half : ; more than £lGO,000,000 :3ras still being devoted to naval and military develop ment." ''And, continued Mr, Pratten, '*IWaut to ask the question, what is it all for? Who is our Potential enemy?. 'I■'■will not aiisw<!'ir;.?t.:M.'V. fJOMPOSITE MINISTRY. V Earlo Page'sPraise,'' Dr. Earie Page, addressing the Victo rian Farmers' Union, at Beudigo, re ferred to tlie success of the JPederal Composite, Ministry, whose; work be de clared, had been directed towards ihe. betterment of the conditions of the Commonwealth and of the Empire as a whole. Ho said decentralisation, rural de velopment, and the marketing of pro ducts of 'that development were still; vital issues, facing Australia, and, in his opinion, the need of the country movement' in the Cerumenwealth "was ; as urgent as ever. DOMESTIC QUAERE!*. Wife Stabbed. In a domestic quarrel, in a house in Abercroiubie-street, . City, last night, Mrs. Slauchc Nolan, 23, was stabbed through the chest with a long knife. Subsequently the police arrested her husband, Francis Nolan, who was charg ed with inflicting grievous bodily harm. • BEY* JOHN BURGESS. Retired After&3 Tears. Bev, John. Burgess, clerk df gcneral as sembly of the. Presbyterian Church, has retired after a iiunistiy of forty three vearsin this State. ^ ME. BRUCE AND IMMIGRATION. Quite Satisfactory. Mr. Bruce says \hat while in England lie carries out his intention to examine the methods of the Immigration Depart ment in London, and, on the whole, the work seemca to be proceeding very sa tisfactorily. He could discover no justification for the sweeping statements of inefficiency and disorganisation. TIN MARKET. Tin is quoted at 55/10. STEAMER FOUNDERS. Through Coal Shifting., . ■ Information received in Sydney states ! that the British steamer Mary Hor lock has foundered in the Pacific Ocean. The American freighter, President Taf t* picked up the Horloek's- crew, who had abandoned the sliip. It appears the coal shifted and that the vessel was making water. SEAMAN STAES HIMSELF. Attempted Suicide Alleged. Ernest- Michelsen, 25, a Danish seaman, was found at the Pacific Hotel, Bal uain, early this morning, with blood pourung from several wounds in his left breast, one of which is believed to have penetrated his lung. It is alleged by the police that Miclielsou said he had at tempted to commit suicide with a knife. MARITIME UNIONS. Big Council to be Formed. With the object of getting greater cohesion among the Maritime Unions in , dispute,; it - was decided in Mel1 bourne, yesterday, to form a transport workers' group, which it is proposed shall be the supreme body in ihandling disputes in this industry. The proposal suggests the formation of a great transport council, which, as has been shown in England, would be come one of the most powerful bodies in times of industrial crisis. INFECTION FROM FLIES. Nine Children Die. The deaths of nine children in New Zealand are set down to infection by flies. In one case death occurred within 30 hours, while in another case a child was carried home from sc'iaol uucon scious und died within five hours. "SQUIZZT" AGAIN. Tried Under Common Law. At the St. Kilda Police Court 'Squizzy' Taylor was committed for trial ou a charge of harboring Angus Hurra,*. an escaped prisoner, who is now; under sentence of death for murder. The case, which was instituted under the common law, is fhe .first of its kind for many years. NEWTOWN ALF. Politicals Defeated. A clean sweep of all the politicals was effected at the election of .officers last night by the Newtown-Erskiueville A.L.P. league. MISSING BOOKS. North Sydney Case. The .'police took 500 books, from n house in North Sydney yesterday. A large city firm had been puzzled for montlm over the disappearance of books on technical subjects, and Detective Sur ridge believed he'bad solved the puzzle wheii be found thht boys had been selling books in North Sydney to a man who paid an average price of 1/ for volumes valued tip to 5/. „ An arrest has been made. I STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE. Actor's Trunks Missing. Trunks and enefs .containing J£200 worth of outfet of bawrence Grossmith, ! comedian, have been cither mislaid i or stolen. The missing jj6od8| it iB under stood/ disappeared from jthevaults un derneath the Th eat r e Royal two weeks ago, and all efforts have ^aiiild to trace i thenir Other articles belohging to mem bers kaid to be toiss-; M*t. THEDiraE^? -jDEClilON.I ■ ^ Mr.' IbTO'djwe-'pn^a^^^to^ajwiouh.ce.^ hisloaiidecisionbn The gilt that doesn't require an oe- ; casio n—that is always timely—yoor j photograph. Make the appointment to-day. 'Phone, fiff* Solomons' Studios. TJralla Loves .a^;Eight--rA eritic in the Cralla 'News' says 'that;'"there isn't enough ^Ug«r in any of the ob jectors to the Arnudale's auxiliary dam scheme to pull three feathers out of i the tail of a eanary." J 