BUBAL TOPICS. Crops are not far enough forward to be injured by tlic boisterous weather at the beginning of the week. Sowing is still pro ceeding with all speed in the Wimmera and tioulburn Valley, and tinder yery favourable conditions. In the Mallee crops put 111 before the last rain are making good headway, and the bulk of the sowing is finished. Pastures are not likely to show much growth now till spring, as the ground is cold. A good lamb-marking is antici pated, as ewes have kept in good condi tion owing to the luxuriant autumn feed, and the" Jambs have shown vigour from birth. Foxes are reported to have killed a lot of lambs in all the early districts, where also damage from maggot-fly is widespread.-. The Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce) ex pressed surprise on June 24 at the "state ment by the Queensland director of the Council of Agriculture (Mr. MacGregor), that a telegram by him 'was couched in such terms as to lead to the belief thai the Federal stabilisation of the prices of farm and dairy products was assured." Mr. Bruce said that the telegram which he sent in reply to one from Mr. MacGregor read:-"I have made no announcement with regard to the introduction' of legisla tion for the stabilisation of butter prices, nor has the Cabinet come t^ a final deci sion in connection with the proposal." . The International Institute of Agricul ture at Rome, as a result of inquiries made in various producing countries, ascertained that on March 31 the aggregate exportable surplus .of wheat then held was about 308,000,000 centals. It considers that the probable requirements of importers for the remainder of'the cereal year'ending July 31 were not likely to exceed 143,000,000 cen tals, or 238,333,333 bushels. This would mean a carry-over into the new season of 185,000,0(k) centals, or 275,000,000 bushels compared with 71,000,000 centals, or 118,333,000 bushels, estimated to be on hand in exporting countries on August 1 last year.- In its.report of the world's crops at April 1, the institute states that in nearly all the Northern European countries winter crops were backward owiug to the long period of cold weather experienced. Frost damage was reported, particulai-ly in Bel gium and Poland, and floods also had done some injury. In Central Biid Southern Europe, conditions were somewhat better, though in many parts the growth of the plants was late iu developing. Over Europe as a whole, the position of whiter grown cereals at April 1 was below the average. Crop conditions in North. Africa and Egypt were promising. The plants were almost in ear, and prospects were for a yield of, slightly over the average. In the United States < the winter crops, though somewhat backward, had weathered the cold season well, and their condition was above the average,* and better than last year at the corresponding date. Messrs. Flack and Sewell report the sale of five Friesian cows, to Mr." A.' V. Becher, of Welshpool,- and five cows shipped to Java to the order of a Dutch buyer. These cowa are in calf to jthe stud sires," and are due to calve in October and November. Several young bulls have been placed in the Benalla and Tinamba districts., A bull calf, two months old, out of Monovale Catriona Paxton. by Alderley Segis Beets, has been sold to Mr, .J, Drummond, of Wagga. N.S/IV. The April number of the "Journal" of the Red Poll breed contains an illustration and description of Graham Masterful, a bull sold for a high price to the'.New^Zea land Government. Ho was i bred y by Lieut.-Colonel R. C. Batt, and iB^by,^ffe sham Florvs, dam (typphtun A8t^||v-liich won second prize at the Royal {jfopw in 1020\. Her dam, Leeton Mavirf^ra^gave 6,8491b. milk in 12 mont!t#;;..'<^^Bhara Florus is by Sudbourne Crimspn out of Gressenhall Flower Girl, champion Lon don Dairy Show. ^ . *Tlie London tradt review for , June 21 states that~ Australian and New Zea land butter enjoyed good prices, which were xinusually high in re lation to Danish. '" .This was due 'to a falling off 6f Germany's ' demands on Denmark, but the maripet appears to have reached the peak. Everything depends Upon whether the French Government, 4n its anxiety - to keep -down the cost of living, will extend the embargo against butter exports. As it now stands, the embargo will be lifted on July 1. When ever it is removed very heavy supplies will reach London, which, together with 10,000 casks of Siberian just arrived and expected, will increase the home and Irish supplies and will probably lead to a drop of prices within a week or two. In Perth on June 21, after 14 years' ex perience in Northern Australia, Bishop Trower, whose headquarters are at Broome, declares that the north will never be properly developed by white labour. He advocates State indenturing of Asiatic and other coloured labour, to be confined to special areas. He would bring in labour in family groups, with the proviso that children born should follow the nation ality of their parents, and be repatriated with them at the expiry of the inden tures. Bishop Trower would not confine im migration to any particular race. His per sonal experience of the natives of Southern India, he says, has shown that they are good workers. T^ere is in Northern Aus tralia a huge area simply waiting for prop erly directed labour to furnish immense production, whidi, however, would never come if the Territory were left to white labour. i In the top-dressing of pastures experi ments conducted under the auspices of the Chamber of Agriculture Aery strong growth in the cold, wet weather of August was noticed at Kyneton by Mr. T. Ciarlick. The land was black '2ft. deep on a rotten rock subsoil, and the pasture was mainly rye grass and strawberry clover. During September the growth on the manured pasture was very definite, and during a dry October the grasses on the mauured portion still developed strongly. The top dressed Beetion cut a much heavier crop, and cows fed on this hay gave a heavier yield of milk than they did from hay taken from the untreated pasture. They also showed a great predilection for the fertilised pasture. The eflicieney of sulphate of ammonia as a constituent in mixed potato fertilisers has been demonstrated in some experiments conducted near Carcoar (N.S.W.), where Mr. B. Meek is working in co-operation with the New South Wales Department of Agriculture. The mixed fertiliser with the highest yield is officially designated "P. 3.", and contains 10 parts of super phosphate, three parts of sulphate of pot ash, and three parts of sulphate of ammo nia. Application was at the rate of 4cwt. per acre. The yield obtained was 9 tons 9£cwt. (I3cwt. better than the next best, which was not a compjete manure, lacking sulphate of ammonin, and nearly three tons better tlian the no-manure check plot.) For the benefit of Yictorian potato-growers it might be pointed out that a mixture, on the lines of ''P. 3." can be put tip by mixing the following quantities of the constituents mentioned:-12Jcwt. super., 3fcwt. potash, 3Jewt. eulpli. ammonia. For those to whom home mixing does not appeal, it might be mentioned that the fertiliser trade in Victoria puts up a very good standard complete manure, analysing as follows:-11.40 per cent, phosphoric acid, 7.05 per cent.potash, 2.50 per cent, nitro gen, as sulphate of ammonia, under the name of No. 1 Complete Manure. Excel lent results have attended the use of this fertiliser over a wide range of soils. Mr. Henry Ford, the well-known motor car manufacturer, has ordered a" Sunshine harvester, which he will use at his farm at Dearbon, Michigan,'U.8.A., during the coming harvest. Mr? Ford ^desires to test whether the economical Australian method of harvesting"yheat ip applicable to liis country. * ' ». . i Particulars regarding the. classes for farmers, ^and for ; farmers' wives and daughters, to bo held.at the Dookie Agri cultural College in'August, are now adver tised. _The programme, for the farmers' class covers lectureB and demonstrations on agricultural subjects, farm machinery, live stocky &c.; At the women's class sucli sub jects as liomo hygiene, .cookery, dressmak; ing, poultry keeping, fruit and flower grow ing, fruit preserving, &c.;, ? will be dealt ifith. The college staff, assisted by'officers of the Education and Agricultural,, de portments; will give instruction at* these classes. . . , . v, ' ' - ' Mr. James Finn Kirby, whose death oc curred suddenly at' his eatatte, near Har row (V.), at the age of 72 years, had resided iii the district for 47 years. He was'the eldest son of Mr. Jamea Kirl)y (of Spring Bank, Oaster|;on, and The Aveniuj Esjtate, in South Australia), and was said to have been the first white claild bom in tlie township of Casterton. Mr. '<J. F Kirby- was educated at Bnllarat College, and Boon afterwards he .eiigaged in farm ing in the Sheep Hills, in the Minyip dis trict. Later he settled on land near Har row, where lie resided until his death. Volume I. of tlie ComYnonwealth Clydes dale Stud Book, which has just been issued, reflects credit on . theejlitor (Mr. L. Monod) and the couricil of the Common wealth Clydesdale Horse Society. It is well bound, and well'illustrated with the champions (male and female) from most of the States. .The information provided is given in a handy form, and is indexed so well that not the slightest difficulty should b4 experienced in getting particulars of any registered horse. Owners have fur nished very complete descriptions of horses, so that identification will* be possible. Reference to other. stud books lias been facilitated. Considerable value is placed upon the exhibits of Australian produce at Wembley as an advertisement for the Common wealth. When it was arranged that Aus tralian butter was to be used by the ex hibition caterers, producers' representatives expressed the opinion that il^would serve the purpose of very useful propaganda. A cable message from London has been re ceived by the Gippsland and Northern Co operative Company Limited, stating that the sole use of Australian butter at Lyons's restaurants at the Empire Exhibition is proving of value. Menu advertisements and the Australian butter pavilion displays are creating wide interest, and trade has re ceived a strong impetus. While visitors are disinclined to buy and carry butter with them, sales are "satisfactory, and in quiries are made to ascertain where Aus-_ tralian butter can be purchased near their homes. Representatives arc providing this information^ and interest in Australian but ter is greatly stimulated." Hie Tasmanian delegation which lias been visiting Maft'ra on behalf of the Tas manian Government to obtain information on beet-growing for the manufacture of sugar, returned to Melbourne on June 19. The members of the delegation are: A^essrs. F. Mcdwin, Circular Head; T. J. Burbury, Jericho; W. Rockliff, Sassafras; T. Ling, Longford; and C. E. W. Oldacre, Department of Agriculture, Ilobartl No indication of the report likely to be made as a result of the visit could be obtained, as the delegates rightly consider that they should first report to their own Govern ment; but it could be gathered that they were very favourably impressed with the present season in the Maffra district. They recognise, however, that the season is exceptionally favourable, and that allowance must be made on that account. The visitors were much impressed with" the organisation of the industry' carried out around the Mafl'ra factory as a centre: and give great credit to the manager of the factory,"Mr. Williams, whom they designate a '"live wire" for his ability iu handling both growers and factory workers. The members of the party arc practical fanners, accustomed to growing roots, and are thus well able to appreciate at full value tlie work involved in produc ing the tubers and landing them at the fac tory. Searching inquiry was made into the cost of each operation, and the cultivation methods which experience lias taughj Secures the best tubers and the highest 6ugar percentage. The most workable acreage was ascertained, and the aggregate area requisite before a factory could be warranted. The visitors were greatly impressed by the large area of rich alluvial laud in the district, and by the hwvy crops of tubers-up to 30 tons to the .tore -as well as the heavy crops of n vize (grain) and fodder crops. ' The' pi asked and paid for the land arc also in advance of those ruling iirTaamatw...^?» ? i /- | . A cattle ship is taking from Darjvjn]' (N.T.) 100 bullocks for Hong Kong. is a trial shipment by Vesteya to test tb)$g market. The vessel also carries 15 ngejfL| and indigent Chinese, who are being palliated to Hong Kong at the expense the Federal Government. The South Australian Minister Grown Lauds (Mr. Butterfield),. -**? had been accompanied by the Surv«ywj.-r r General, returned on June 20 fottb i a trip to the far northern pastoral la44?>; He reports tliat in some parts of country there have been good faUs c ramj" but "that, 'generally- speaking, f has been. none .worth mentioning.^ last three years. ; During his visit Butterfield inquired into the question ther more country could be openied increased water supplies were provided,?? Under_. gertain conditions^..tKe Fede Ministry.-ttas decided to qjlow- Ne^jB lan^TAtiatoes, " pases/ jeEiw:-lpiH A>!6tVa1fa,i«n4' "the embarfeo hsCS bt_ subject of. .much criticism by the grov and traders of New Zealand. It was . posed as a protection against the introdci tion of the "corky scab" disease. protests were, uttered. . On several. sions, indeed,.. Dominion traders visit Australia, and endeavoured to have.th&s; bargo removed. Their efforts, 'hoT were unsuccessful, and the dissatisfactm with the decision of the Commonweal^ authorities became intensified. , At the final session of the 'International Refrigeration Congress resolutions were passed favouring the standardisation ©1 international units of cold, and an lateQ national agreement on the specification o] refrigerating capacity. Other motioi urged the Governments of product] countries to introduce legislation statt® dardising the methods of inspection® of refrigerated produce intended^-'ft^l' over,seas; that certificates granted by the Governments of. producing douritrle®' . should be accepted as final in con?' - suming countries;' and that the inspecj^ tion oi' frozen produce on arrival in ccm^ sumiug countries should be confined to tha§|t, necessary to ensure that the produce wajfc-. in good marketable condition. , S i .!;; Mr. n. H. Rushton, Treasurer of Fij^* is consulting the Canadian Government ; and'the general manager, Mr. Teakl^. ; of the Canadian Government inerchanfc ' marine, regarding making Fiji a port call for its vessels for the purpose development of Canadian-Fiji trade. Rushton, stated that, being shut out ot'. her former markets in AustraliaTand New/. Zealand, due to high tariffs, the Fiji -Go.-c \ eminent inteuds to back financially the1 development of Canadian trade, fcspeurtljj.. with British Columbia, and pjans to make! extensive arrangements with private in- ^ terests in the Dominion, probably forming*!; a company for the distribution of Fiji s products in Canada. She also may erect;? ' « a canning factory for pineapples for British !tl Columbia. -| What is probably an index of tbt,- { Ministry's idea of the improved market-? ' ' iug of Dominion produce in lieu of&:J. preference was furnished at a meeting oi? £ the Commonwealth Labour group, which the Postmaster-General of Austrar;^' lia (Mr. Gibson) was vigorously questioned. Many Labour members pointed out tlw success which had attended the poolin^Sj of wheat and Bawra's handling of wool, S and asked, "Why not do the same -witlii* all your produce?" This, read in eonjuric- 5% tion with the speech in the House of ->"?> Commons of. the Chancellor ? of the Ex*?!" chequer (Mr. Snowden), is believed to forfc* shadow proposals to be submitted to the Dominions. Mr. Gibson pointed out that ".'X the Commonwealth had already laigely "J abandoned interference with commerce. Practically all the district committees of " the Tastoralists' Union of Southern Rivcf rina were represented at the meeting of . the council on June 19. A resolution' was 7/ carried to the effect that every effort should be nir.de for an amicable settlement with buyers in connection with draftagft on wool, but (hat no action be taken likeljr. to prejudice the disposal of the ensuing clip. The president (Mr. A. S. Austin) was appointed to represent the union at tl\o convention of the Graziers' Federal Council iu Sydney in August next. A pro posal from Queensland to stop the exporta tion of stud sheep from Australia was not favoured. The Federal Government was commended for the introduction of the Commonwealth Bank Bill, which it is hoped will relievo the present adverse ex change position. The pastoral award, registration of shearing contractors, and taxation questions were considered, It was decided to co-operate in a New South Wales movement to secure the allowance of Federal land tax as a deduction from - income tax in &at; State. 