WHEATMEAL V. WHITE BREAD Sir, — May I point out to J.T.B. that Dr. Jago had an axe to grind, both for the millers and the baking trade. Dr. Hindbede. director of the Danish State Laboratory for Nutrition Re- search, a keen enthusiast for the whole of wheat as a trod, says: — "The bran can replace meat and mill: — civilised nations are being starved of vitamines, in the form of the outer skin of grains of every kind, by not. being used." M. Spahlinger, the noted T.B. spec ialist, conducted a vigorous campaign in the Swiss press to mako the mak- ing of white bread illegal. He urged the public to eat wholewheat bread, and conducted tests which were all in favor of wholemeal. Dr. Robert Boll, the cancer special ist, London, recommends wholewheat bread, and considers white bread a waste of time. Mr. Ellis Barker, whose book on cancer has caused the biggest stir of recent years: — "Wholewheat bread is rich in all the essential food factors, especially In vitamines, while white bread is very unsatisfactory in this respect." Professor Graham recommended it so largely that a loaf is called "Gra ham" in U.S.A.. made from whole wheat. Alfred M'Cann, the food specialist of New York, is also one of the big gest enthusiasts in the world for wholewheat bread. I could go on and on, but these few must suffice. White bread is a poor, constipating food; in fact, it has been called, "the crutch of life," whilst the wholewheat loaf is called "the staff of life," and gives the necessary "roughage." There is no reason for Sydney people to have badly-baked wholewheat bread — because many bak ers here bake a good loaf. One baker owns to 12,000 loaves a week, and he is only ono of several hundred who have the business sense to give people what they want. I have seen thousands a year who were miserable and unhealthy, regain tholr health and vim by using raw milk and wholewheat in its various ways. Children- are a joy to look at, so healthy and strong, good limbs, and teeth, when fed on it. and I would urge mothers to give it a trial. "The proof of tho pudding, espec ially if it is a wheatineal one, is in the eating." — Yours, etc.. PORTIA , GEACH. President, Housewives' Association. November 5. Sir, — In tyj-day's "Daily Telegraph," J.T.B. quotes from Jago's "Technology of Bread-baking," to prove that white bread Is more nourishing than whole meal. I thought, perhaps, a few lines of proof were worth a column of theory. When I was at home with my parents, mother fed us on home made bread made of tho best refined flour. I am 78, and have eaten white bread so far, have nover had a day's seri- our illness since I had the measles. I have one brother (older) and two sisters (younger) ; the youngest is 70, and still active. My family (eight) and the other families (about 20 children, some grey headed), have been fed on white bread, and tho doctor is invited only when a new immigrant is expected. — Yolirs, etc,, DAD. November 4. 