RURAL DENMARK LESSONS FOR AUSTRALIA. Profits won from the Soil. The example afforded by Denmark, in farming, agricultural education and co operation, to Australia, in common .with other countries, is emphasised by Mr. Tate, Director of Education, in his pamphlet, 'Some Lessons from' Rural Denmark." This pamphlet, which is entitled to consideration and study by farmers, embodies the results of ob servations made by Mr. Tate during his visit to Europe last year. He shows how the people of Denmark, spurred" by the disaster of Schleswig-Holstein, set themselves to develop their remain ing territory— to win from the soil the highest profits; and how, by the appli cation of science, bu education, by co operation, and supremely through pat riotism, they built up the prosperity of their little country. The Danes may have seemed to have too little land. They have proved that they have a 'sufficiency under intensive cultivation — not merely to support their people, but by their exports of high-class pro ducts to win wealth from abroad.. There is no fact in Danish life, Mr. Tate observes, which strikes observer more than their capacity for team work. "When it comes to the question of a reform about which the people have thought, and have arrived at the conclusion that they need, there is no time lost in putting it into activity. To think among Danish folk is to act. It was no doubt the widespread prac tice of co-operation which showed the rural people how to make their in fluence effective in the counsels of the nation, as it Avas, no doubt, the mental and moral discipline of active co operation which ,fittc(l their leaders ..for public life. For at the root of ail true co-operation national effort must be the understanding of what tlie individual owes to the community, the feeling of confidence and trust in others, and the will to come together in common undertakings under which the whole community, and' through that the. individual also, are served. The higher education of rural workers in Denmark has been consciously directed for years toward producing the re sults achieved. Danish rural educa tion has realised that the human ele ment in rural industry is all-important, and: that true education must be Inti mately related to the whole of life, and not merely to that part of life con cerned with wage earning. To vthose disposed to' look askance at an ideal istic scheme of rural education, Mr. Tate points out that during 1921 the value of dairy produce exported by Denmark to Great Britain alone was £37,469,982; and this from a country less than one-fifth the size of Victoria, with a population of about 3,000,000. . Denmark is unprotected from the chilly winds from the north-west in tlu long winter reason. The soil is on the whole'light, and in many parts distinct ly poor. Moors, swamps, and peat bogs cover about 600 square miles of the little kingdom, and the climate is raw and inhospitable for a great part of the year. The wonderful record of (Denmark in farm production is not due to fertility of soil or geniality of clim ate, but is due rather to the fine qual ity of her human material. Her people have shown what can be dons by steady industry, reinforced by de- v,!elopjed intelligence and patriotism, and directed by science and business capacity. When iii 1864 Germany, wrested from her the two rich spur.ii- era prbvinces of SchjesAvig-HIolstein Denmark gamely set about recovering more territory from her sand dunes, heath lands and bogs. Soon she had reclaimed an area comparable with i what she had lost to her victorious enemy. In the arrangements for pro viding rural education Denmark affords the greatest interest to the educational inquirer. ' There is no doubt in the minds of the Danes that their agricul tural prosperity lias been assisted by the work of their rural sehools, and chiefly by the adult schools known as the People's High Schools and the People's Agricultural Schools. Educa tion in Denmark is compulsory for all children between seven and fourteen years of age, and the course of study in rural schools is similar in subjects to that prescribed in Victoria. The agricultural . -op ilution in. Den mark numbers abow; 600,000 heads of households, of whom 172,000 are em ployers. There are bb)ut 70,090 farm ers and peasants, and about 100,000 small holders, and there are a large number of agricultural "aborcrs with small holdings or ' allotments. The farmers, peasants and small holders are members of the eo-operative societies, except in the eases of the co-operative supply stores, of which ratny servants and laborers are also member, and the co-operative dairy societies, In witch many agricultural laborers with small holdings and with one or two cows are also interested. The genius of the Danes for wise and profitable co-opera tion is shown admirably in the organi sation of the egg industry, one of Denmark's great staples. In this or ganisation, as in general improvements in tlfc agricultural and dairying work of the people, Mr. Tate finds that schoolmasters played an important part. The value of the eggs exported from Denmark to Mm United "Kingdom in 1921 was £5,455.373. The number of fowls kept on July 16, 1923, was 20,000,000. In building up this ex port trade two- fundamental principles were kept steadily in view— lite main tenance of an excellent standard in the quality and appearance of the eggs, and full provision for continuous for-, wardings, so that tho market once mado should not be lost, even tem porarily. These two requirements necessitated complete organisation among the produesrs and lira handling of careless and iishoneM; suppliers. Mr. Tate observes that Denmark lias every year a small excess of trained agricultural laborers. The movement of these migrants is invariably towards America. He urges their attraction : to Australia, for he cannot imagine a better class of immigrant for our rural districts, especially our dairying dis- : tricts, than these, practically trained, : industrious and thrifty Danes. 