The Man on the Land. The Japanese are offering German and Danish farmers rent free leaseholds of 25 acres at Hakodadi, in the island of Yezo, in order to coax them to set the pace for the Japanese in the way of up-to-date farming. What would the Australian farmer do with a farm of 25 , acres? We hear of a farmer in the Upper North who has purchased a Cletrac Tractor, making quite a nice income by undertaking contract works when his own job is through. Known for a long period as a roadside weed in Central and Southern Europe, Subterranean Clover has in certain parts of South Australia recently proved to be a valuable fodder. It has revolutionized farming practices of some districts of the State, and has converted many farms on which it has been difficult to make profits by other means, into valuable sheep propositions. The laying of the foundation stone of freezing works at Port Lincoln marks an important stage in the development of the West Coast. It means big business. Freezing works are overdue at Tailem Bend, where some day the ocean boats will take delivery direct from the freezers. Freezers are also overdue at other good spots in South Australia. In Victoria they have them every few miles, so to s^cak. Northern New South Wales is said to be the most fertile area in the whole Commonwealth, but the least developed. Discussing the question of whether it was feasible for an enlarged county council to have a hydroelectric power scheme.^ Dr. Page said that the borrowing of on million pounds for such a work would double the unimproved value of the land in ten years. [We want electricity on the farm. Perhaps the Moorlands coal field will do the trick for South Australia.] It should be clearly understood that a good general education is just as essential for the boy who proposes to be "a farmer as for any other boy, because a broad education will make him a better farmer and a better man. And so eager ate the land-owners in America to encourage the immigration of those they consider desirable that they are asking to have the present laws forbidding the advancing of transportation costs to immigrants changed, and are even offering to send representatives to Northern Europe to get desirable families, advance the cost of their journey to America, and establish them on suitable farms under terms that would make it possible for them to pay for their farms from the crops pro- duced. — The directors of the N.S.W. Voluntary Wheat Pool want the farmers to make it a compulsory pool by guaranteeing to put in 75 per cent, of their wheat for five years. Farmers wisely hesitate. A pool properly managed (in the interests of the growers only) should require no guarantees. The fact that they have not Tjeen successful is no doubt largely due to a lot of expenses which the me chants do not have. We notice in many directions that the thorough work of the Director of Agriculture (Professor Perkins) is showing results. Herd testing will give profits on dairy farms, and help the farmer to compete in the world's markets. When the farmers make up their minds to cut out the wretched f.a.q. system the new varieties of wheat bred at Roseworthy College, which have become popular in the other States and Africa, will enable South Australia to show the world what she can do in wheat growing. Carefulness is not encouraged by the present system, while some farmers reckon they are justified in mixing in their screenings in order to bring the wheat down to f.a.q. Australian White Wheat commands about 3d. per bushel over any other wheat in the world's market. Then as we have frequently asked why grow Red Wheat? Are the executives ot the Australian Farmers' Associations too busy politically to trouble about this, and about f.a.q.. and lots of other tilings of real importance to the wheat grower? To calculate the capacity of a tractor in the case of ploughing, there are two factors which must be taken into consideration. These are the nature of the soil and the size and depth of the furrows to be turned. An average for medium soils is 64 lbs. pull per_ square inch. An ordinary furrow is 6 in. by 10 in., which, at 6i lbs. per square inch, requires a pull of 390 lbs. If a three furrow plough is being used .the total pull necessary would be 1,170 lbs- A pull of 1 *00 lbs. is developed by a ten brake horse power tractor travelling at 2i miles per hour, or 1.212 lbs. is e <=hown by the same machine travelling at 3 miles per hour. Consermently it would be capable of drawing a three-furrow plouerh, turning a furrow 6 in. by 10 in. at three miles per hour, providing the ground be level. Within limits, of course, success in farming depends more on the man than on the land. After ten years at Halidon, Mr. J. M. Braithwaite sees daylight ahead. Wherever success was possible Mr. Braithwaite would pull through. Stead's. 