DANISH MIGRANTS. Would be of Benefit to Australia. SCHEME SUGGESTED. New Settlers' League May Assist. "Australia In her own Inter est should endeavor to get a sprinkling' of Danish farmers to act as a loiren to our agricul tural industry. A prominent New Zealandcr recently told me that it was in a large measure due to the Danes settled there that New Zealand ranked so high in regard to tlie dairying industry." / - i This statement was made by Capt. I.yng. a Danish-Australian, during .the ' course of an address on Danish im migration delivered at a meeting of ; the State Council, New Settlers' League, held in the Town Hall, liel-j bourne.- on. Wednesday afternoon. The , Lord Mayor (Cr. Brunton ) presided, j Captain Lyng said he was of the ; opinion that it would he in the in terests of Victoria to make an effort at drawing some of the Danish emi grants who now go to America, to this State. His reasons for holding this opinion were — (1) The close racial kinship be tween the British and the Danes, a relationship which really embraces the Norwegians and Swedes as well. (2) Certain mental characteristics peculiar to the Danes which make them desirable colonists. (3) Their acknowledged skill in agriculture, and Victoria's need for skilled agri culturists. 173 DANES ARRIVE IN AUSTRALIA ANNUALLY. Explaining the drift of the surplus population of Denmark, Captain Lyng said: — "The rural population in Denmark increases by about 20,000 annually more than can be absorbed by the rural industry. Of the two alternatives open to thbse 20,000 peo ple, roughly 12,000 drift to the cities and 8,000 migrate. In the past Dan ish emigrants have mainly gone to the United States. During latter years an : ever-inc reasing number go to Canada, and not a few- to Argen tine. The average number of Danes who have ' ijrrived annually in Aus tralia during the last five years is 1X3. Cangda is ,at present making ' strenuous efforts at drawing Danish ' farmers there— different inducements i are offered, and a Canadian Immi- I gtifVAvwcy' Denmark 'for the sole purpose, or ' promoting Immigration of _ Ornish j farmers to Canada- Argentine lets no such , agency, hut Argentine Is, nevertheless much advertised in Den mark. Nothing 1)M been done since before the war In Denmark liy Aus tralia. towards advertising the possi bilities for Danish farmers In this j country which. In connection with the j distance and the expense of coming here, explains why hardly any are coming. Of about a dor, en Danish | farm laborers, who in 1912-14 wentj to the Maffra District half of them are) now leading sugar beet growers." "In the seventies of last century, proceeded Captain Lyng. Danes, Nor wegians and Swedes were granted a free passage to New Zealand and set tled in the Hawksbury District. Of the former about 4,000 arrived and many came later, at their own ex pense, They all made good, and a prominent New Zealander recently told me/ that it was in a large measure due to the Danes settled there that New Zea land ranked so high in regard to the dnirving Industry. During the free; immigration to Queensland from 1870 j to about 1880 another 4,000 to 5.000 | Italics settled there. These quickly j adapted themselves to the new condi- j tions and took a prominent part in | the development of the sugar Indus- | try, which now gradually is passing into the hands of the Italians, DANISH SETTLEMENT BEST ADVERTISEMENT. Captain Lyng further pointed out that Danish immigration should be iostcrpu in viuLuiiti uy dii cuvlhyc advertisement showing the possibili ties for able and thrifty farmers In Victoria. The advertisement should take the shape of a Danish settle ment of, say, 50 young farmer couples of the type most, likely to succeed when the conditions were such thitt honest and diligent effort would as sure success. The young couples he had In mind for a Danish settlement must be drawn from the sons and daughters of the small holders, and they must be placed on land that was not" hilly, but that could be ploughed, and which was suitable for dairying. The land must in time become theirs at a reasonable, and not an inflated, price. To get these people, their passage to Victoria must be paid. The money might in time be repaid by the immigrants. It would be better if that was not made a condition. The details in settling them could be worked out by a committee. The .set tlers' could pay for the land, houses. Implements, and stock on a sliding! scale. The progress of a Danish set-! tlement, as he had outlined, wftuld be followed by people In Denmark with keen interest. The press from time to time would have paragraphs about the Danish settlement in Victoria. .The fact of Victoria and Australia offer ing as good, or, perhaps, even better opportunities than Canada and Ar gentine. would gradually be recog nised. and a certain number of young farmers would arrive annually at their own risk, and pay their own passage. DANISM CONSUL'S SCHEME, Proceeding. Captain Lyng said:-- "Mr. HolUensoa. Consul lor Den mark. is I h e principal owner oi an area of between 41)00 and HM>0 acres iri the Hwari Hill district. "If the Depart ment for Irrigation and Water Supply is of opinion that it can he ¦success fully irrigated. 1 understand that Mr. tioUlensun is prepared to collalirtrute with the Government, or -as an al ternative:. with a private company formed on. -sound business lines, for the purpose of establishing a Danish settlement as described above, there. If the > land referred to is unsuitable, it should. not be difficult to And suit able land somewhere else. To share holders in a comp; ny formed f,)r t)lf> purpose of establishing a Danish I settlement fn Victoria, there should be little risk; and a service would be ; conferred . on a Slate which needs, mdrri than anything. cjge. an increase, , of her farmer population." I The laird Mayor (Cr. Brunton), in thanking Captain Lyng for his ad dress, said Australia certainly re quired a good class of people to settle here. He recognised that the Danes were good colonists, and made good settlers. He suggested that Captain i.yng's report he referred to the execu tive of the League for its considera tion. and he hoped that such a scheme as outlined by the speaker would be adopted. Colonel Merritt supported the Lord Mayor's remarks. Another member of the council considered the time was opportune for Danish migrants to he settled at Maffra. The beet sugar factory was being remodelled, and the district was being irrigated. He was certain the Danes would make good if settled there now. 