AS OTHERS SEE US In a recent leading article, "The Open Door," the Jo'ljurg "Sunday Times" says::— There is one big point about Australians. Whether they are in for a fight, a riot, or an advertising campaign, they ' enter whole-heartedly. They get a national idea, and they are out to make it a national success. Let us take, for example, their latest bid for a huge immigration invasion. They want white settlers, and so they immediately prepare a programme which will allow of a potential settler crossing from England to Australia at an absurdly low rate. They are also taking into consideration the question of faster mails, which might well be not forgotten in this country,? where we have it on record that a steamer can easily do the distance in 14 days as against the recognised standard of 17 days. But this is leading us pff our main point. The real matter at stake lies in this fact: that Australia is not ashamed to let it be known to the world that she wants immigrants—of a'good type, and with this object in view she Is doing her utmost to attract the right kind of man. We in South Africa have a very similar problem. But we have disadvantages which do not affect Australia, and which should make us realise the whole problem of immigration more earnestly. We have the blacks, and we, as a white race in temporary and very insecure possession, are faced perpetually with the ever-present fact that in a generation or two we may be wiped out. Australia, on the other hand, is a white man's country, and yet they are straining every nerve to encourage immigration, because they know that every worker brought in is a State asset. This attitude is needed in South Africa, We have a country of vast potentialities which are neglected owing to official stupidity somewhere. Little is done to "tell the world" of these potentialities, save by a few overseas advertisements of some of the many South African land companies, none of which always inspire confidence. Wfey cannot we follow the-example of Australia and make it a Government business? There is no need to bring up the question of racialism as a contra-argument, because the National Party is just as keen on getting the right type of agricultural settler, whether Dutch, British, Danish o(r German, into the Union as the most" rabid jingoist. Australia, with a live policy such as she is forwarding, promises to become a second America; but it is really South Africa .that should take the lead. 