SUMMARY.. The British Empire Exhibition was opened lights Majesty the King on Wednesday. His Majesty was welcomed by the Prince of Wales M president of the Exhibition. Both were most warmly received. The ceremonial proceedings are described as having been remarkable for their quiet dignity. The Australian pavilion is reported to have been practically completed, thus allowing of "line exhibit of Australia's resources. is Mr Lloyd George's frank criticism of the MacDonald Ministry has been replied to by Mr. Spoor, who Chief Labour Whip. Mr Snoor denied that the Labour party showed unmitigated hostility" to Liberals He declared that the Liberals were hopelessly divided, the smaller section only being friendly to Mr. Lloyd George. The "Daily Herald" (Labour) suggests that the Liberals dare not join with the Conserva- tives In order to turn the Ministry out. reports of heavy desertions in Australia from the Special Service Squadron are denied at the Admiralty. The Japanese Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs have made a statement regarding the immigration policy. Throughout Japan hope persists that President Coolidge will veto the United States exclusion law. Squadron-leader Maclaren, on his world flight has arrived at Karachi, In splendid health. This marks the completion of the first stage of the journey, a distance of 4500 miles. Sir Charles Parsons, after twenty years experimental work, declares the manufacture of a diamond to be impossible. The United States Senate approves the project already favoured by the House of Representatives, for distribution of a soldier's bonus. The city editor of a London paper indicates that the Queensland loan will be considerably over-subscribed. ' W T Tilden has declined to meet the Davis Cup committee to discuss his decision not to play. He condemns the rule regarding player writers. He will not play in the Cup competition until the rule is altered. In the third round of the men's doubles championships at Torquay, Norman Brookes and Col. Dudley were defeated. The Minister for Education in the new Danish Socialist Cabinet is a woman, Madame Bang. Two express trains collided near the St. Gothard tunnel. One was quickly in flames. There were many casualties. There has been a general resumption of work at the Southampton shipyards. Anzac Day will be commemorated to-day. Through the Governor-General, his Majesty the King has forwarded a message to the Australian people. The thoughts of the Queen and himself, says the message, are with their people in Australia, on this solemn day. The Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce) has also issued a message to the people of Australia. He said that the memory of Australian soldiers could best be enshrined by continued devotion to the ideals they upheld. The most fitting monument to their great achievements, he concluded, was a free, happy, and pro 'porous people Four of the ships of the light cruiser squadron returned to Sydney from Brisbane early yesterday morning. They will be open for inspection from 1.30 par. to 5 30 p.m. to-day. They are due to ball at 10 a.m. to-morrow for New Zealand. The Special Service Squadron arrived at wellington (N.Z.) yesterday, and was well covered by thousands of people. The Attorney-General yesterday, referred to a statement regarding the arrest of union secretaries on a charge of conspiracy. The Migscetion that the Government took: action because those men prevented British seamen being murdered in cofQn-sblps," he said, was wicked. A deputation from the A.L.P. waited upon the Premier yesterday seeking the- reprieve of Edward Williams, the Paddington murderer. The Premier promised to submit the case to the Cabinet, a special meeting of which has been convened for Monday. Provision is to be made next session of Parliament for a referendum on the question of a Greater Newcastle. The tenth annual conference of the Aflllia ted Chambers of Commerce of New South Wales took place yesterday. The resolution carried at the Brisbane conference last May urging greater Imperial preference to Australian products, was re- affirmed. The conference recommended that one of the Railway Commissioners should be a business man nominated by commercial interests. At a luncheon to the delegates, Sir Mark Sheldon issued a warning against needleSs expenditure on public works. He said he believed that Australia would, in the coming year, pass through a period of Great money stringency. Mr. Lawson has resigned the Victorian Premiership. He will be succeeded by Sir Alexander Peacock. The Town Clerk stated yesterday that he had unreservedly withdrawn the resignation which he had handed to the Lord Mayor. The Tintenbar, which is stranded on a rock at the entrance to the landing at Slnberri Island, is in a serious position. The passengers conveyed by the trams during the fortnight ended April 22 numbered 11,208,748, which constitutes a record. The revenue totalled £151,217. A private cable message from New Zealand indicates that Archbishop Wright, who went to the Dominion last month, is far from well. Yovanovitch Eratza, a Serbian violinist, who is widely known in Europe, arrived in Sydney yesterday by the Narkunda. So far no move has been made by either the men or the Government to end the New Zealand railway strike. Several trains were run from Wellington yesterday. Apart from the engine crews they were manned by officers of the department. Complaints are being made of intimidation, which has deprived the department of the services of some who remained on duty. Wing-Commander Goble, who is making a flight around Australia in a seaplane, arrived at Darwin at 2 p.m. yesterday. The annual meeting of the Swedish Chamber of Commerce for Australia and South Sea islands was held yesterday. Trade between Sweden and Australia, the report stated, had greatly improved. A deputation yesterday urged Mr. Oakes to Increase from one-third to one-half the subsidy for additions to Bombala Hospital. Mr. Oakes replied that without further evi- scene of an alleged promise by Sir George j offer of a £ for £ subsidy he could do noth- log. The cash received at the gates during the Royal Show amounted to £43,520, which is 638: greater than last year. A fleet of dredges has been purchased by the State Government from the Commonwealth for use on the N.S.W. coast. This is portion of the plant used in the con reduction of Henderson Naval Base, work on which was abandoned last year. Strikes occurred yesterday at three mines to the northern coalfields. At a similar number of idle pits work was resumed. Recently Mr, Bavin invited suggestions for 7s improvement of the existing system of .MUry-flxing in the Public Service. PlfTI">snls drawn up by the council of the Civil Service Association are to be considered at a special conference next month. day on the Stock Exchange reopened yester year after the Easter vacation a fair volume of .".P1.6 fining share market generally was Wot. with Barriers Armor. forecast. Except for a tendency to an IBO in... vor or two about the highlands and '7' Generally fine, with B cold frosty night and some coastal fogs. Variable winds, coast southerly fresh to squally on the ">. "Herald" Index appears OF page 8, 