the Dane 'Cooky.' SHOULD COME TO AUSTRALIA . Mr. Tate, the Victorian Director of. Education, who recently return ed from an extended tour abroad, has published. some highly interest ing observations of Denmark, in which country rural development has been carried on on scientific and economic lines, which have .led to notable results. Danish rural education has realised that the hu man element in rural industry is all-important, and that true educa tion must be intimately related to the whole of life, and not merely to that. part of life concerned with wage earning HUGE PRODUCTION. To those disposed to look askance at an 'idealistic scheme of liural education, fMr. Tate points out that during 1921 tho value'of dairy produce exported by Denmark to Great Britain alone was some £37,469,982; and this from a country less than one-fifth the size of Victoria, with a population of about 3,000,000. Denmark is un protected from the chilly winds from the north-west in jtlie long winter season. The soil is, on the whole, light, and in many parts distinctly poor. Moors, swamps and peat bogs cover about 600 square miles of the little kingdom, and the climate is raw and inhospitable for a great part of the year, mhe wonderful record of Denmark in farm production is not due to fer tility of soil or 'geniality of cli mate, hut is due rather to the fine quality of her human material. Her people have shown what can be done by steady industry, rein forced 'by developed intelligence and patriotism, and directed by scienti fic and business capacity. RECLAIMING U.HE DUNES. When in 1864 Germany wrested ' from her the two rich southern provinces of Schleswig-Holstein, | Denmark gamely set about recover ing more territory from her sand dunes, heath lands and bogs. Soon she had reclaimed an area compar able with What she had lost to her] vi6toriO|US enemy. In the arrange- 1 ments for providing 'rural educa-| tion, Denmark affords the ? greatest interest to the educational: ln]-\ quirer. - There is no doubt, in the minds of the Danes that, their agricultural prosperity has been assisted by the I work of their riiiral schools, and chiefly .by the adult schools known as the People's High Schools. . The argicultural population in iDen mark numbers about 500,000 heads of households, of whom 172,000 are employers. IThere are about 70,000 farmers and peasants, and about 100,000 small . holders, and there are a large number of agricultural labourers with, small holdings or al lotments. ?'.??:'?'? I CO-OPERATION. | The farmers, peasants and small, holders ajre members of |the . ico- ' operative societies, except in the cases of the co-operative supply stores, of which many servants and laborers are also members, and the co-operative dairy societies, in which many agricultural- labourers with small hu.uings, and with one or .two cows, are also interested. The genius of the Danes for wise and profitable co-operation is shown admirably in the organisation of the egg industry, one of Denmark's great stapOies. In this organisation, as in general improvements in the agricultural and dairying work of the people, Mr. Tate finds that school masters played an important part). EGGS TO ENGLAND, The value of the eggs exported from Denmark to the United Kingdom in 1922 was £5,455,373. The number of fowls kept on July 16, 1923, was 20,000,000. In building up this export trade two fundamental! principles were kept steadi|ly in view; — the maintenance of an excellent standard in the quality and. appearance of the eggs, and full provision for continuous forwardlngs, so that the market ence made should -not be lost, even temporarily. These two require ments necessitated complete organ isation among the producers and firm handling of careless ? and dis honest suppliers. Mr. Tate observes that .Denmark has every yeair a small excess of trained agricultural labourers. (The movement of these migrants is in variably towards America. , Ho urges their -attraction to Australia, for he cannot imagine a better class of immigrant for our rural diBtriidts, especially our dairying districts, than ' these practically trained, industrious, and thrifty Danes. ' * Queen Alexandria was 80 years' of age on Sunday. The Queen Mother, who is in good health, is the eldest datngihter of King Christian IX. of Denmark, and the widow of King Edward. ''';':. Further Rise in Rabbit Skins.— Winchcombe, Carson, Limited,, re port: Competition for rabbit skins was keen at Wpdriesday's Sydney sates. The catalogues totalled 255 tons. Valiues showed 'a rise of Id to 2d per 1b. Winters made 45i-l-: per lb, -mtgoirig to 52d, pelty to 6ljcl, racks' 40d to 41d, does 37d, And olhers from 27d up. 'Medium to good tore skins realised 2/9 to 5/!) dozen. ? - ' '? - l '? ?-' 