. QUEENSLAND The ' weather forecast' for Queensland readi: Vine at tirt in North Coast and Tcnitisab divisions hut beooming cloudy and lutcr un>ettlecl and showeiy ; geno lnlly fine elsewliuic, hut aomo indica tion of change favouring thutulrrshowers between .the Uulf and cetunii nigmanas l»y Mouday; chilly at night in central and southern rune and frost probable . -in south-eastern interior, but becoming ( warmer in nortli nnd west generally. Labour scored notable successes at tho municipal elections on Suturdny. Cotton plants in tho coastal area be tween Maryborough und Mnckay have been ' attacked by the pink boll worm. Tram wires collapsed at Coorparoo oa Saturday, considerably delaying traffic. At Albion Tark on Saturday lt:irtfly won tho plate, nnd Purissiuia the Purso. Two horses were disqualified at Towns- ville races on Saturday. An attractive show was held at west End on Saturday. Mr. Dtinstan. the Government geolo- <m«t. <l»r!het flit mt fvk mln/' a< won. derfuL TRADE AND PINANCJE. In March the exports of the United Kingdom were valced at £61.000000, and the Imports at £103,750,000. Australia's exports for' the first eight months of the year. 1923-24, wero valued at £s500.0ca\ of which wool , accounted for £40,715,000. . INTERSTATE. j The old battleship AcstraUa was 1 sunk on saturday with true naval j thoroughness. , a fanner at Tyadale was gored to death by a ball oa Friday. t! it believed that the rietim of the y-phting tragedy reported from TTumpv Island is Edward Fitzjamcs o'XcH, of new Zealand. At the ITawkesbury races on Satur-. day Highlander won tie Autumn Han dicap from Esme Dlghton and King Charles. Sid Godfrey and Archie Bradley fought a draw in Sydney on Saturday. overseas. Tho Empire Producers' Organisa tion is submitting suggestions to the British Government for better shp- ping, warehouse, and distributing facilities in Britain, to foster Empire trade. The chief feature of the suggestion la the proposal to form an Imperial Produce Board to eliminate inter mediate costs. The Government has definitely an nounced that it will not entertain any suggestion for fiscal preferences in Any form, and it is belloved that it is . Intended to reduce the duty on sugar by Id a lb. Twenty armed men attacked a van . in Dublin In an attempt to release an.. ex-officer charged with murder.. they\wer beaten off by police with- out any casualties, though the street ' was crowded f the Danish elections resulted in the defeat of the Liberal-Conservative Go. vernmenfcj and it is understood that a Socialist Government, with a majority f three, will bo fonnod. Chinese pirates again attacked the Fiver steamer Tailee, in a rrow part of tho river bnt were beaten off by an . armed guard. It is believed that sonm of the pirates were killed, and two of . tbo steamer's passengers were killed. Mr. Stanley Clinpman, of Brisbane, ex presses surprise at tho prices being paid in London for beef. He 'intends making inquiries while touring the country to the reasons why Queensland meat does not sell better. Arne Borg clipped eight seconds off 'Bov" Charlton's record for the 880 . yards race ot Honolulu, his time being 10.43 3-10. The Soccer match between England nnd Scotland, ployed at Wembley stadium, before 70,000 people, resulted in a draw. \- By 320 votes to 71. United States Con- grass passed tho Johnson .Immigration Bill which provides for tho virtual ex clusion .of Japanese. The bill.waj passed against the wishes of the . heads of the Government, and despite warnings that' it would cause a diplomatic quarrel. Tho Japanese Con- sul has protested in strong terms. 