Advance Tasmnania ! Australia's Industrial Hub Ageut-General' s Forecast FARIgWELLMD IN LAUNCIESTON. CHAMBERII OF COMMERCE FUNCTION. "1 feel very optimistlic :.about te fut ture of T:tlusanla. Thls state, with its .Lbuntd;lil hy'dra-tqrc'.ii.?" l' l'·. n ll"'ir ed water supply, and wondertful ctlltaste, muat becole tlhe indslrlutal centre of Aus t ralla." Trhese emphatically opt.nlistiC reinrtits waore luade by the recently-taPtIy o heI t el Agent-General for Tasaetluna (Colonel It. Eccles Snlowden) at. a frewell func tion held under the auspices of tlhe Chamber of Commenrce in the trisbitne i otel lounge yesterday nfternooal. Imbued writh the spirit that inrpired ,t.hese words, Colonel Suowtdet will leave on July 15 to take uil o firce nl London. Thllere wats i large und rcpresentativot gathering of business nmen. An apology was received from the president of thii Chamber of Mantufactures (Mr. It. Piel Sallsbury). At tile )head table were seatedt ttil Agent-General, the President of the Cltamber of Comtnlerce the Mayor (Atl dermtult Claude James), tie vice-prest dent (Mr. R. Norlnun Smith), and the secretary (Mr. II. F. Smith). iRefreshments were served. 2111tE iPRESIDEI)NT'S WtISIIEls. They were gathered that aftetrnoon to s1pY au revoir to Colonel Snowdel, wtho htIt recently been appointed Agent-General for Tasmania in EnItglunld, began tthe Mayor. All were very glad to hltve tiu, opportunitiy to meet C te Ageott-Generatl and congratulate him on the IapponItt mont. (Aplplause.) It needed few words to introduce Colonel Snlowden to an assclntbige of Lttaucestotn busintte lmen, becaCus L e wa11 e tl klown throughout the ittxttl,. Their tguest was for ueveral years Mayor of Iloblrt and hbad beelt ttsoceia.ted with other otet.ions in t.hl communlry. Colonel SnowdetU was now lteavlntg Tasmania to take up a position which might or might nota he of very great value to the state, accordlng to the wily It was thandled by the man occupy Ittg it. He hatd heard it said that as Australia had a Trade Commissioner and a staff at Austrttlla HI-o11Se a state Agoat. General was not needed. As far as Tasmanita was concerned, he was con vlincod that a diroct representative in the old land was decidedly to their adva.n tage. The Agent-General could find markets for our prloductis, ent on Mr. James. He could introduce to investors the mnineral resources of the atate, and-a very Im tportannt matter, indeed-mlake fsure that the right class of immigrant wats sent out. This responsible aoficer could do quite a numl.er of things to secure the right kind -of settler. Then there was the big question of bringing under the notice of the manufacturers the facilities land advantages that Tasmnanl offered tor the establishment of Industries. The state boasted bountiful water supplies and alnmost uulimited hydro-electrma -power. With these assets Ithe felt conli dent that Tasmania was to become a great Industrial centre, anti the Agent (eneral could hasten this most desir able end. Col. Snowden was going to England not to represent one particular part of the state, but In the interests of the wholo country, proceeded the Mayor. He felt sure that If Col. Snowden could. send an industry to Launceston he would do so; but It a manuflacturer opened up In any other part of the state they would tall reallso that it was for the benefit of tihe state, and that. this being so. Launces ton would benefit. TI? RIIGHT MAN. On behalf of the Chamber of Commerce he would extend to the Ageatt-General a cordial welcome, and wish hhIt bon voy age and every success it his office. (Applause.) Mr. Norman Smith (a pnat-tpresident of the chamber) endorsed the president's re mtarls, and added hhis congratulatlona ulpon Col. Suowden'sa pilpoilnttent. Col. Snowden was tlive to the state's advantages and needs, tidded Mr. Smith. He had been travelling the state to mttakle himself thoroughly convertsant with all parts, and all hoped that Col. Snowdon would b,e instrumental in seeding imore industries to the state. The mineral and woollen Industries ighllt with ad vantage be featured. Another ltatter which tile Clutmber would Iltit their iact;t to investigate in England was tihe stan dard required for the marketing of peas. Some difficulty this year htad been ex perienced In arriving at a standard lc ceptable to the merchants in the old country. On behalf of the Chamber lie would wich himt bon voyage and at successful mission in Engltand, concluded .Mr. Smith. AN IMPIORTANT MISSION. Upon rising to respond, Col. I.Snowden was greeted with applause. Before giv ing a complrehenlsive and interesting ad dress ott the idettr lie had before him on hiS mission, he thantked the gather ing tfor their c~ngrat,ulationtts ad warm gaood wlshco. As business men they could fully applreceato what a great a;dvanLtage it was for himnt to go to England strength entil in the knowledge that lie had the backing of the Launceston Chtumber of Commerce. The manner in which they had recoived him was both heartening and helpful. During last week he had visited vart. ous centres In Tasmnaia, the spealter went op. In eantch platt h was reoelved warmly. Thos Interoested In the state's welfare had putt bnforo him the possi h!liites and Interesting flgures concceru itg their distriats, and had Intimated their wvilllfrgc;s to assist bhim In overry way possiaol. O(e of his duties was to see taitt the state was properly advor tlsed, and the benefits of thist richt coun try plactd before the people of Englanid. It was his inteatlon while Ia London to do this, as far as It weas in his power. With regard to that important mat ter of iummuigration, bo was well aware that wrong information coacerning cou ditions and pirostpects In AustrailI?a had been distributed in Eltgland with a view to persuading pSople to come out hero. That meant disaster. The right type of new settler was essential to ear atony, and the only way to get the cor rece settlers was to supply true tfacts as to what would confront them In this state. Tlsy should be informed at the start, too, that to succeed they would have to work hIard. ADVEItrSiNG TASMANIA. Then therP was the matter of adver tsing Tasmanla, the Agent-General con tlaued. Ie was going to direct propa ganda work throughout all classes of people In England, and not restrict It to those people who could send indus tries to the state, or who were likely to come hera and muke ilomes. He would distrlbute literature in soldiers' and working men's clubs calculated to impress them with the fact that Australian Itro ducts were the best it theo world. (Ap plause.) Australia's meat was not so well Inown In England as that from the Argentine. Australian butter took second plitce to Danish because the name was not known so well: the people In the old country were not told that the Australian product was far and away the best. HIe thought that something could bhe done in this respect. He did not hlnk he could teach the people at Laun ceston anythlng with regard to adver tising, however. The manner In which this city had been boosted had alwvays aroused his admiration. Some time ago a scheme was on foot In thie city to eind a representatlv to i England in order to advertise this city's interests among aI certain type of manufacturer. HI would alvays be willing and happy to assist such an ofitcr if at any future date he .were appointed. It was hisl object to do all In his por :' to boost Tasmania, and he thought that by hisl efforts he could let the people In the old country know something more about this state. A WONDERFUL FUTURE. That Tasmania would one day become the Indusrial centre of the Common wealth he was certain, averred Colonel Snowden. Cheap and plentiful hydro electric power, an Ideal climate, and abundant water supplies were features which gave the state a decided advan tage. In addltlon, Tasmania had the most contented working people In Aus tralia, and thus Industries establlshing here could get more efliciency from theh. workers. It was of no use brlngleg 8sQEIJ kma Le alA Bsbouwtr* wao .orao oilng to wall!. tho utreet looking for \york, or of putiting thetn to toll Itt virgin forests. Blut If we Ihad industries soLt ilt Ihre Itetople eoultd Ie brought out and out to work atu once. ltany sttilled ar'tlI ono sllould he sought hor. They could lot only lope ll i nel w trades, hilt toechb our own iteople. 'The hydro-electric power tind notitut a great dtotn to the tLtate, anud waS going to nuslst tluteritlly ih Induo ng new enterprises to open ult hero.. An e!xcelloent e::ample was foittd Ii the Elec trolytlc ZInc Worltk at ltldoll. The Wotrkts ettploy It gleeat ntilnbert' of pteotlo; wvelfare work It coutducted atlolligst th)u woeorlets, Ind the output colprisel d olne thlird of tihe overseas ultipmntts front 'tatanlttlia. The Iucople of Latlllcestontt eould lool1 with great pride tupon tho itdusotrira establlihlled here. lto htad read only recottly olf the jubilee eecolnrattotts of " woollen ttlll eatabllshed i nuri nuldst. 'Ihiere were great industriesl li this clty, pa.dl It mun. be roelled thllt wloro tibeso induttrieo could ibo etn.bllal. ed others could follow. 'rHT COTTON INDUSTIlY. 'lthe cotton lindulstry wtas oi0tg to mtneti a Creat deal tot Australliu, thu speakor added, and if cotton mtills were goinr: to be eustblllihed in the Commonwealthi Tansmlanl: was the only ilace In which they could be olteeestully conducted. If that gre;at enterrprloa coutli be establish ed hiore, then 'Tntmtula could absorb nuro people from Euglhnod. MAIhlEITING PRI.IMAItY PRIODUCTS. Reforrlng to the mnurletlng of iprilnary products, Col. Snowden osaid that tills im piortant matter was going to Occupy II conlllderatlle amounlt of his attention. The Drltioh Govornnient ithd' decided that proforonce would not bo extended towardtd Australlan prlimary products. They had thereiforo to look for some (other way to get prcfrotne for Australlau goods. It wao esseontlial thlt, the prlmatry pro ducer shouTd Oeek to 'establish a matr kot In Loitdo for his goods. BOUND BSITTI4?MENT. The qluesotloll of Ilnmmigrattlon wa vital to Tasluannla, Col. Snowden declared. It. WUs all very well for peoplo to tallk onl the mlaintind of the million forms for a million peiople. l3ecoauso, there was t surplus of ipoptlulatilon in Enlglanlld ant ;a deaurth lt Australta It did not follow that the posoiton would be haptpily ind sutlfactoorily met by at hiphazard shlip moet of peoltle to this country. That would otly iltellu that the uow soettlorl wtho woro olt thlu unemployed list in tno old coulttry would he ullnelployod out here. To conduct Immtlingrntlion pro perly the l1ow settlers mlusot bho rought out to waiting worlo. Thu English ftir luor was not goillo to bho a success If duelnped oln ta trotch of roughl, Ihusky ltind. The eslabllhnlLontl of now oll tlerprirses here would tentd to tolvo tile probloel. T'O DIENIIT TASM.IANIA. It gollg to Enlglald he wat luavtlig with nio to lo dt Idel r a, to thu llleCllultle lih would be faced with, told tile Agenit Gilteral 111 collclutlolt. Ilu was fuollow Iltg at very ;blo mant i Mrl. A. hl. Ash bolt, id hopd ito that ao lt the caso of Mr. Ashbolt, the itroultutols hio lilghl, nell out would iout lie shelved, t110 hoeCdt that wtiio lit Loltdon ho might huavo the hielp of suchl orguanlsutloll a0 the ClauIl botr of Coulltorco. Alhove ll ho hlolledt that the would ltot bI forgottenl whlell ile was so lanlly thlousaultd inllons witty. T y chould ailways renonlher that hIo wts there oin thoir inlterouts; hIo was their iagetll, t?ld aIythilntg that hI couldt do to lorward the tltelrest o f the state acld enl terlrlo li he would do. Ile was ill Lou do0t to help theI oi alol mlatters; to bcurre lnforluatlloll for thole ond Ito wanted to be Iotdo Uoo of. If they did not do so, then tlhey might ia well do away with thle oilice ef AgelitGenerall oltogctnor. Ill all hlt efforts ho would not be paroclhial. oHe would wornt for Tatutallha to n whole. (Applausto). htr. Norlttnu Stltth, aslked Coloultt Sllowden if he would give attittilon to Tltgrlalmni's tUllulle Ier soul'ce and mIltakit tinowll it Lollddolt thel possibilities here. In reply. the Agetlt-Gteeraol atild tttot liho would certallty do all lit his power to advelrt·oi this nlldultry. liet would also elldeavour to clear utI the blue peia ttltndard questiotl. Tile ierclullHts In the Nrrtht-West hud taken thu lttiter uti natd att Dvonoport a soueelal plant had heotl Installed. The tihber inIdustly wos growlug. and would ba a very big thing. 