THE NEWS IN BRIEF. TASMAKIA. Weather forecast (issued at noon ou Saturday for the 4b hoiirs ensuing). Cloudy and warm willi northerly winds, followed by a southerly wind and some showers. A young man named Henry Howden, aged 22, who left Buttery I'oint in u email sailing boat lost Monday, has not boon soon or heard of sinro. It is feared that lie has been drowned. Following on n dispute ovor a projiosed reduction in wages the engineers of the National Portland Cement Co., Maria Island, have terminated their employ- ment with the company. Distinct earth . tremors were felt nil' along the North-West Coast em' Satur- day night, followed by a storm early yes- terday morning. Shocks were felt also on the West Coast. Impressive services have characterised 'the centenary festival in connection with St. David's Cathedral, at which the prin- cipal preacher has been tho- Hishop ol' Bathurst. A gardon jiarly ¡it the Dean- ery has also signalised I ho occasion. The telophono and electric lighting B,V6toms were damaged slightly by Hie severe thunderstorm which passed ovei the city yesterday morning. . Employees of tho State Shipping De- partment: have been notified thal their cervices will be dispensed willi after thi: jnonth. % Owing to tho Logi.-Juiivc Council's action in delaying the passage of the Appropriation Hill temporary ompToveo of Hie Government could not bo paid wages due on Saturday, The Public Service Associai ion i-. Mick- an g to como Hilder the Arbitration Court. Tho Statistician estimates the popula- tion of Tasmania at December lil last Sit 219,071, or a gain, (if only 150 after «leducting loss by nugra!¡nu from natural increase. ? The Sandy Bay regatta, which wa» held st Long Beach on Saturday, was a great success. Tasmania's revenue returns are oh the np grade, the collections for February of £17,100 and those for the eight months lof the year of £178,005 better than for the corresponding periods of last year. Two men who entered Mr. N. Limlus's «hop at inveresk early on Saturday morning were surprised, and ran away. iA policeman fired shots after them, hut the men escaped. INTER-STATE. Warrant-officer John Macey was fatal- ly injured yesterday at Liverpool Camp, New South Wales. MonVbers of the Victorian Parliament Isry Sports Club arc visiting Sydney. Elizabeth Walker, aged BO, was fatally shot in a street at Parramatta, her hus- band being the alleged assailant. A fire broke out on the steamer Matar sim in Sydney Harbour, but was con lined to the bunker. Mr. Angwin, Deputy-Leader of the Op- position in West Australia, has been trcnehnntly criticised for having referred to political matters at the Parliamentary luncheon to the officers of the British Special Service Squadron. Members who were expelled from the I A.L.P. over the ballot-box scandals in New South Wales are seeking to have their cases' reheard at an open Inquiry. "Australia, by no means the oldest of the Dominions, has put more mon and money into the Navy than any other British Dominion."-Vice-Admiral Sir Frederick Field, at Perth. Three persons were drowned at Innis- fail (Q.) on Saturday, when a motor- car, containing eight occupants, dashed inte» tho. Johnstone. River. Marshall Dempster, the South Sea Islands voyager, endured terrible suffer- ings owing to his little craft being blown over in Byron Bay. His experience makes' a thrilling story. It was advanced r.t a public meeting 'neld at Orange (N.S.W.) that the reason why immigrants do not come to Australia in larger numbers was because there were not sufficient secondary industries. A motoring accident occurred on fhc Windsor-road, Sydney, yesterday in which five poisons were injured. Quintus, who won the V.R.C. New- market Handicap on Saturday, estab- lished ¡1 time íocord (Imin. lljscc.) for the race. BRITISH AND FOREIGN. Larth disturbances have been felt in Spain. "' ' The rearguurd of the expedition which is to attempt the ascent ol' Mount Ever- est has left London for India. Consequent on criticisms made by th« Coroner ¡it an inquest on a drowned seaman, the Royal National Lifeboat In- stitute is demanding a public inquiry into the conduct of the Ramsgate life- boat crew. Miss Gertrude Toohey, of Sydney, has been murrien in South Africa to Cap- tain Justin Pargiter, M.C. . In consequence of labour threats, Dan- ish employers have issued lock-out no- tices affecting 40,000 workers. Arrangements are being made for an Empire University Conference in Lon- don. The Indian Budget, shows that the financial position is more satisfactory. No English money is contemplated for the loan during the year. Gopinath Sana, the Indian who mur- dered Mr'.' Day at Calcutta, has been hanged. Russia is endeavouring to obtain a loan of three milliard gold roubles from Britain. Eight Japanese officers have been ?arrested by the Russians at Vladivos- tok. As many as 1,025 children have been found frozen to death in the Moscow district in less than two months. A statement has been issued by the Marconi Wireless Co. to the effect that certain developments accruing from Sig nor Marconi's experiments made recently and intended to prevent "listening-in," would have been incorporated in their ?wireless system. The bitterest dt'batc during the pre- sent .session of the U.S. Senate has oc- curred over the oil-lands scandal. It is statcil that Presidential pros- pects have been destroyed by the recent revelations in the Senate in regard to the oil reserves and that the former Sec- retary of the Navy is now regarded as a candidate likely to bo successful. A report issued by a Women's Club Committee in .New York alleges the open sale of liquor in dance halls and "amaz- ing conditions of immorality." ^ Field-Marshal von Ludcndorff made an impassioned-speech during the course of his trial on Saturday, in which he ac eused Von Kahr and General Lossow of treachery and deceit. On conclusion he .wus complimented by the Public Prose- cutor. « A melee occurred in the French Chnm ber on Saturday, deputies coming to blows over the Daudet question, and the sitting was suspended. .It is stated from America that the reconotruction of the devastated area of Tokio, Japan, is procoeding rapidly, largely as the result of the initiative of ?the people, without Government help. 