COUNTRY NEWS. - AUBURN, May 21.— A concert in aid ot the Methodist Church was given recently by the Sable Crivell concert party. There was a -crowded audience, tht takings totalling £50. The programme was provided by Wises Gladys Perdu], Ada Wordie. Ivy and Charlotte Orlvell, Messrs. ? Sable Qrivetl, Walter Wood, and 8. Evans. BORDERTOWN. May 19.— A committee meet ing ot tbe Workers' Educational Association was I held on Wednesday to arrangt the work and lec tures for the year. . Mr. C. S.' Wylle, the Presi dent was in the chair. Tbe committee »o cepted the offer ot Mr. W. S. Hutley to give a series of lectures on 'Biology.' Th* opening ot the' session will take place on Thursday, May !2, when Mr. Gordon Wood. M.A., of Adelaide, will deliver a lecture on 'The antiquity and ancestry of man.' BURRA, May 20.— Mr. J. T. Firth, who foi 1! years has' been district foreman for the Dailn-ays Department at the Burra, is to be removed to Oawler this we«k. This afternoon the men under his charge assembled,' and. alter expressing regret at his removal, Mr. T. Keys, one ot the oldest local servants ot tiie depart ment, in behalf of the men, presented Mr. Firth with a leather suitcase, suitably inscribed, and a handbag 'or his wife. Mr. Mulconroy (loco, department), Mr. Landorf (gangers), and Mr. Hedley Fearce (other gangs) supported. Mr. Firth feelingly responded. GLADSTONE, May 20.— At a meeting ot the Oladitont School Committee it was decided to hold a picture show in order to rake funds for the school, so that additions might be made to the library, fuaygronnd, and shed for woodwork. Mr. B, E. Lines vu elected Chairman, and Mr. L. Evans Hon. Secretary and Treasurer.— The board of management ot the town bill and sol diers' memorial hall met last week and decided 0 conduct anotfter 'Gladstone uay- to wipe iff tht balance (about £480) dno on the place, he value of which Is now estimated st more :han £7,000. The necessary documents are in ' unine of preparation for binding the property ; iver to the institute committee. — At tho town tall. to-night many local residents bide farewell t0 Mr. and Mrs. Odgers (ex-Mayor and Mayoress) m their departure for Georgetown. The Mayor (Mr. O. C. Bennett) presided. The stage had been decorated by ladies. On the platform with tbe Mayor were the Mayoress and Mesdames Odgers and W. Growden, Messrs. W. Growden, C. Budge (Town Clerk), and A. Flavel. Mr. Bennett said that during 22 years Mr. Odgers had been connected with the town council, and for four and a halt years had been Mayor. Be had given his best in support of many move ments. Th- Mayor's remarks were amplified by Cr. Flavel and the Rev. P. H. Chennell, who spoke of Mr. Odgers as the friend ot every Methodist minister who had come to Gladstone. B- had occupied every lay position in the Methodist Church. Others who spoke were: — Messrs. Bergin (President of the Institute). E. A. Gale, J. Sargent, R. E. Lines, A. E. Warren, A. Davies, H. M. Pascoe (rifle club). A. J. P. Kumnick, L . Evans, J. Growden, F. E. Barclay. Mr. O. Budge made a presentation of a pair of Morris chairs and a wallet ot notes to the gutsts. Mr. Odgers responded. A musical programme was contributed by Messrs. Jeffery, Lines, Newlyn, O. Lines, and the Rev. P. H. Chennell., Mrs. Chennell wtt the accompanist. Supper was pro vided by the ladies. KANGARILLA, May 19.— In spite ot showery weather, a large crowd assembled on the recrea- tion ground on Saturday afternoon to view the fulfilment of their plans in the completed pavi- lion, grandstand, and dressing rooms. Mr. F. G. Scammell, who performed the opening cere- mony, congratulated the residents regarding the fine building. Mr. R. G. Morphett (Chairman of the recreation ground cormmittee), who intro- duced Mr. Scammell, said that the pavilion was a monument of hard work on the part of the Kangarilla Ladies' Guild. They had commenced the undertaking with their donation, and they had volunteered to make this extra effort to wipe off the deficiency. Mr. H. J. Osmond, in behalf of the committee, tendered thanks to Mr. Scammell for performing the opening cere- mony and to the donors. Miss Bell Thorpe pre- sented Mr. Scammell with a buttonhole' and a box of sweets. When Mr. Scammell loosed the ribbons Mr. R. G. Morphett cut them into souve- nir pieces, which were quickly sold. During the afternoon sweets and afternoon tea were on sale. A football match was played between Kangarilla and Scott's Creek, and resulted in a win for the visitors. The scores were: — Scott's Creek, 6 goals 14 behinds; Kangarilla, 4 goals 6 behinds. Umpire Cameron had charge of the game. After the match tea was served in the hall supper room. In the evening a concert and fete was held in the temperance hall. Mr. F. W. Thorpe presided. Those who contributed the pro- gramme were Mesdames A. C. Oakley and T. W. Thorpe, Misses D. Nicolle, E. Burley, D. Ellis, B. Guthberld, and M. Woof, and Messrs. T. Fran- cis, W. E. Bottrill, Harvey, Vince, and K. Pot ter. A sports championship competition was completed in the evening. Tennis was represen- ted by Miss Iris Nicolle, football by Msls Mary Spry, and cricket by Miss Marjorie Cock. The successful champion of football was presented by Mr. B. G. Morphett- with a box ot chocolates. The cricket champion, Miss Marjorie Cock, was second. The competition returned £30. a cake weighing competition was- won by Mrs. W. Olpin and Mr. A. C. Spry, The "lucky" fete decorations were artistic and effective. Black cats and silver horseshoes were much in evidence. The stalls were arranged in the main hall, and refreshments were served in tbe supper room. Those responsible for the stalls were: — Variety, Mesdames E. Hart (President of the guild), R. Tester, G. Thorpe, and G. Bilney; sweets, Mesdames A. Nicholle (convener), A. C. Spry, E. Holder, and. F. W. Thorpe, and Misses Mary Spry, Iris Nicolle, Madge Collins, and Hazel White; cakes, Mesdames J. White (convener), E. Barrett, and W. Nicolle; drapery, Mesdames H. Nicolle (convener), and Miss May; refresh-, ments, Mesdames W. J. Golder, F. S. Thorpe, W. Olpin. and V. Biddle, and Misses Dorothy Nicolle, Hazel Thorpe, and Laurel Osmond. The total takings amounted to more than £70. A ball yielded £6 14/ extra. KAROONDA, May 19.— A dance in lid ot the Institute Building Fond was given at the insti tute on Saturday. Kotwttktttnding the cold and Inclement weather, there was x large attendance of residents' of the town and district gene rally. Music was supplied by Mrs. Peek and Messrs. G. Nicholl . and D. Alken, while Mr. E. Peak acted as M.C. MANNUM, May 20.— Mr. O. B. Shearer, director of the firm ot David Shearer, Limited, Mannum, who Is leaving for a business trip to America, was tendered a social in the local in stitute on Friday evening by the employes of the firm, and various institutions of the town! Mr. A. G. Bolto presided. The Chairman, in sub mitting the. toast of 'Our guest,' said be bad known Mr. Shearer for 30 yean. His forth coming visit to America wai ot great Importance to himself and to the firm. Although . estab lished in Mannum. the (Inn's reputation wts Commonwealth wide, and even extended to the older countries. The speaker wished Mr. Shearer bon voyage. Mtejrs. B. Latter, P. Ingerson, and P. R. Oartrell (employes). S. B. von Dousa tnd W. Ptddon (Hoipiul Board). W. W. Gilbert (Institute committee), Dr. Sprod, H. M. Dingle, tnd H. a Wilkseh (progress com mittee), Capt. Arnold and W. Hex Porter (Man num Rowing Club), supported the toast, which was enthusiastically honoured. Mr. C. B. Shearer, in replying, thanked the speakers for their expressions of goodwill. It had been a pleasure for him «o work on the various town committees which were composed of a splendid body ct men. He Intended visiting tile indus trial centres of America, and hoped to bring back something valuable for the firm and town. The Premier (Hon. J. Gunn) had -given him an honorary commission to enquire Into welfare work and agricultural Implement manufacture. Anything he saw of benefit to the town he would bring home. The Chairman of the District Council (Cr. E. B. Baseby) submitted 'The town and industries of Mannum,' to which Messrs. David . Shearer and Capt. Arnold re sponded. . Tbe Chairman, on behalf of the employes of the. firm, presented Mr. Shearer .with a case of pipes. Mr. Shearer returned thanks. Musical and vocal items were rendered during the evening1 by the Mannum Orchestra. Menn. Par ham, R. Bock, and Ward.— The Rev. N. Craw ford, organising secretary ot- the. Church of Eng land Immigration Society, addressed, a represen tative and well- attended meeting on Thursday night on Immigration,' and advocated the form ing of a local committee for the purposes of nominating British immigrants on the group system, It was decided tq hold a pulic meeting nn. the following Wednesday evening to term a local committee. The Sev. A. L. Bui heck and Dr. Sprod are the conveners.— Mr. A. A. Walker, who has' been in charge of the. Man- num flour mill for tomt yean, left on Monday to take charge of the company's new mill at Murray Bridge. Mr. Walker's departure is much -regretted by a large circle ot friends. I has been in active member of tht cricket, foot ball, rowinp, and Hev Year's Day sports dubs, and has taken an active part la Other local In stitutions. MALLALA, May SO.— The residents of this district are gratified at the result of a request for t motor train service dstly, which will en. able children to attend Ugh school 'or college in the city. Yesterday the new timetable commenced, and the train arrived In Adelaide about three hours sooner thad. the mixed tram which ran previously,' but is now discontinued. The return journey is completed in a' corres pondingly expeditious manner, which makes travelling much more enjovable. After a considerable period ot inactivity, ihe Halltlt Littnry Society his been reformed, and the foilfnbig officer* elected:— President. Mr. A. H. .Woolcodc; Vice ''i ' . ' President, Dr. Bond; SecreUry. Mr. A. Driscollj tognmme Committee, President, Vice-PresHent, Secretary, and W. B. Williams and.W. J. Taylor. The openins meeting took place on Monday. . MOONTA, Hay 20.— A representative gather ing of townsmen met at the council chamber lut night to bid pood-bye to Mr. James Bcecl on the eve of his departure for AdeUide. The Mayor (Mr. T. H. Hooper) presided, and after the loyal toast, submitted that of 'Our guest. By the departure of Mr. Becce the town was losing a most estimable citizen, one who had identified himself with every movement for the benefit of tbe community. The family of Rcece came to town with a very high reputa tion two years ago. and were leaving altei baring made numerous friends, wbo regretted their departure. Mr. Beecc would be. missed specially by the racing club, the Western Dis trict Coursing Club, and the bowling club, with which he bad been actively associated. . The toast wu' drunk with musical honours, and supported by Dr. A. R. Clayton. Messrs. T. S. Archibald. T. H. Cock, H. J. Cadd, V. 0. Grut chttt, W. Coombe, G. H. Cook, A. B. Michel], P. L. Sullivtn, W. Williiams, C. Wellington, W. Seep, T. Shields, and.E. Mildcnhall, all of whom spoke in high praise of Mr. Recce. The Chairman, in behalf of those present,- handed tbe guest a handsome travelling bag as 1 token of esteem. Mr. Rcece, who ' wal received with cheers, thanked the Mayor and all cresent for their kind remarks and hand some gift, whidi he would always treasure. His sojourn at Moonta had been most happy, and he regretted having to leave so many genu ine friends. MOORLANDS, May 80.— A social evening was held in the institute on Saturday, and a plea sant time was spent. Mr. C. Broddwood acted as M.C. for the dancing'. Visitors were pre »nt fmm Tallem Bend. Sherlock, and Elwomple. PORT PIRIE, May n«—Tbe Mayor (Mr. Fitagerald, M.P.) opened the fair in aid of tho local hospital at the Town Hall yesterday. after- noon, The stalls and stallholders were:— Fancy, Mesdames J. A. O/Dea, Boas, and Martin, and Misses Kathleen O*Dea and Naomi Boas; flower, Mesdames Langford and 0. Jones; pro duce. Mesdames Teatman, Dickes,. Tassie, and Geddes; cake, Meidames Isaackscn, Ward, Somerset, Bees, Jones, tnd Glend|nnlng; sweets »»^.Mu CnAwtMll Ttmnmvnrui. Williams. Max Morgan, and Phyllis SnowWl; tftemoon tea, Mesdames M. L. Warren. Ramsay, Scott, and Jackson; bran pie. Masters Leitch, Goods, and Bell; ' The proceeds from the respective stalls were:— Fancy, £11 87; flower; £5; prc duc. £21 ll/S; cake. £18 18/4;nafternoon tea. £7 6/7; bran pie, £1 3/6; Hulu doll competition, £1 9/6; sweets, £12 2/. The door takings amounted to £3 5/8. By means of the ward voting competition, of which the fol lowing ire the results, the sum of £130 5/11 was raited:— Female ward, 10.2SS: children's ward, 7,958; surgical wart, 7,918 j medical ward, 2.74S; theatre ward. 2,431. The sum of £210 in all was raised. The winners of the guessing competitions were:— Sucking pig, Mm. Langford: Hulu doll. Mrs. F. V. Wiede man; coke, Mrs. Qulgley; doll's name, Nurse Harris: lucky bouquet (ticket, No. 17); fcwl, Mrs. IUthney.— A tribute to his popularity as manager was paid by the employes of the' B.H.A.S. Co-operative Store to Mr. Betchford, when a surprise visit was made to his borne at Pirie South by thirty-six of the employes, who presented him with a travelling rug. The members of the party wore masks, and Mr. Retchford was 'arrested' tnd subjected to a mock trial on a. charge of having been 'over indulgent to his stiff, tnd a jolly good fellow.*' Mr. 0. Cottell acted is 'judge,1' Mr. J. Clarke prosecuted, and Mr. J. Brackenridge was coun sel for the defence. Eulogistic speeches were made by Miss Knight and Mr. Les Hunt (who had been employed at the store since its in ception), and by Messrs. Pilgrim, Koblet, Brio kenrldn. Cottelt. md J. Evely. Mr. Xetchford thanked the donors. A pleasant eveting was epent with music, songs, and games. Supper K-»s partaken of. May JO. — Efforts are being nide to secure some recognition of the flucky ittentpt at rescue made by a young man named Edward Nelson, on the occuion of a Danish Mi lan named Mollnitt losing his life by falling avcrboard from the launch Carina. Nelson's sire it 19 years, tnd there is no doubt he risked his life In trying to save Mollnlte, for the waters of the locality are shark. Infested. Nelson was in charge of the pilot launch, tnd when Moll nltz fell overboard ne jumped in after him. Prior tn jumping overboard Kelson told a lad named HutchlnEoa, aged 18, to take the wheel. A lifebuoy was thrown to the drowning man just before Nelson went to hit assistance. It ap pears that Hutchlnton did not understand the handling of the boat, which was moving it about four knots an hour. The captaln.of the steamer Natal threw a line to the two men in the water, tnd Nelson holding it wltb one band and Moll nltz wko was unconscious, with the other, was drawn through the water tor some distance until he wu forced to let go. Then both men sank. Ktlien. eihinsted. rose to the surface, but so saw no more ot Mollnitz. .Tbe pilot launch was then a good distance away, u Hutchlnson was unable to bring* her about. Nelson, with diffi culty, reached the lifebuoy, and was able to give instructions to the boy In the boat After about 10 minutes a line waa thrown to Nelson, who was ntuled aboard in tn exhausted condition. Such conduct deserves consideration from tbe Royal Humane Society, for although young Nelson was unsuccessful in saving Molinltt's lift, he might hive lost his own any minute. Young Nelton is employed by the Pilot Boat As sociation. PETERBOROUGH, May 21.— At the half yearly meeting- ot the Peterborough Co-operative Society, Limited, on Tuesday, regret was ex pressed at the departure ot the general manager Mr.taiMatheva). . The. .Chairman (Mr. .U; leonfrd), in voielns; the sentiments of ,ih( borfni. said that the' society was deeply in dfbted- to Mr.' Mathews for the work he had done in placing the society in t sound Bnin: clal position. He thanked him, and assured him - that he had the best wishes of all the members for his future happiness. Mr. R. W. Goudie (the newly elected President) also spoke. Mr. Gunnell moved, and Mr. J. Duckford seconded, a vote of thinks to Mr. Mathews. M«nr- Wlluinn Tlndnon. Klldcrrv. and Brice supported the motion, which was carried unani mously. Mr. M. Leontrd (ex- President) an nounced that owing to departure from the dis trict h» had not sought re-election. Mr. R. W, Goudie said thtt Mr. Leonard had rendered valuable service to the society, tnd. that he would be misted very much by (he beard, who wished him success In his new sphere. Messrs. J. Duekfotd, aed F. Kilderry spoke In support. RAMCO, May 19. — On Saturday a children's fair wts held in the Ramco Institute grounds, in aid of equipment for the new school. The weather wss fine, but the attendance wai not arse. Mrs. A. W. Pitt, who was introduced it Mn. J. R. Jennison, declared the fab open. The Rameo school band, in the charge ofthe head tttcber (Mist Bertelsmeier), ren dered selections. The stalls were convened by the -following:— Garment, Mesdames J. Lewis tnd 0. B. Regen; refreshments, Mrs. J. B. Jemlson; ; sweets and produce, teacher: and children of Bamco -.school; novelty, Mrs. W. A. Perry: cheapjack, Mr*. R. Stanley; cool drinks, Mesdtmes W. Gtult, Robertson; and E. J. Woolford. Mesdtmes R. 0. J. Dunning tnd Mrs. W. G. Green conducted a cooking competition, for which Mesdames T. G. Hemrainp and RoMe tcted as judres. The successful competitors were:— Biscuits, Mrs. J. R. Jetnison, Mrs. R. 0. J. Dunning; birthday cake, Mrs. J. Lewis, Mrs. J. R. Jemison; seed cake, Mrs. W. 0. Green, Mrs. J. Lewis; sponge roll, Mrs. E. A. Perry, Mrs. J. Lewis; sconw, Mrs. W. H. Perry. Mn. J. Lewis; tponge sandweh, Mrs. J; R. Jemlson, Mrs. R.. 0. J. Dunning. Mrs. R. a J. Dunning presented a handbag to »h» nlotnnlnn Mwik. uhlch honour fell to Mrs. J. R. Jemison. In the evening dancing was Indulged te to music supplied by the Wfikerie Syncoptted Bind, under the conductorshlp of Mr. A™D. Terrell. Mr. W. H. Perry was M.C. The money raised (£43) wfll be divided be tween the school fund and the school com mittee fund, and be spent for tiie benefit of the new school. Thanks are due to Messrs. J. Lewis, A. E. Brown, W. H. Perry, J. G. Irr ganc, and B. Dunning for having erected the stalls. May 20. — On Tuesday evening a farewell social was tendered to Miss Blanche Rogers and Mr. Ham- Rogers, who are leaving Ramco to enter butlnew at Laura. Mr. J. J Odgera, In behalf of friends, handed a travel ling rug to Miss Rose*, and Mr. Rogers re ceived a suitcase from Mr. Frank Lewis in Ik half of. the Runeo people. Mr. Rogers has been a popular and enthusiastic footballer. Gene ral regrrt was expressed at his departure. Mrs. J. R. Jemfton and MIts Violet Morgtn sang. Dancing, games, and supper concluded a Jolly social. RENMARK, May 17.— The Renmtrk Irrigation Trust No. 1 held its monthly meeting on Mon day. Present:— jfcstn. W. R. Woodham (Chairman), n. R. Tittle, 0. J. Dlx, A. Jones, Major Tollty (Chief Engineer), and Mr. A. Hoper, (BccTetirr).. A, letter was receiveo from the Local Government Department, regard ing the amalgamation of -the truit tnd district council with the' town district council. It wts decided to inform the Local Government authori ties that, the board did not .view the -proposal favourably. Correspondence' was received from the Inspector-Genera) of Hospitals. . enquiring 'if the trust bad any .need for a motor ambulance at Barmera. 'U was decided to reply stating( that the trust did not require tn ambulance. apd te point 'out that it should be. stationed at No. 5 Lock works, is t Urge number of' mi* are it present employed there as well tt pn the Piringi-Renmlrk bridge. Dr. Harris (medical officer) -reported that . the sanitation at the schools was not satisfactory. — The 'Gold Dig gers' held a dance in aid ot tEe T.B. Soldiers' Eocitty in-the Memorial .Hall on Thursday. .? The floor was In good-order, and music vrns supplied by Mr. Tic Leak. The proceeds of the next uanot will be donated to' the Blind ' Soldiers Association. — Tbe ' sttamer Ellen, which sank, it Is supposed, through- striking .a snap at Hapby Valley,' neir Eutton, Victoria, on January a, passed through Renmark during the week in tow of the steamer J. G. Arnold (Capt. C. Cant well). Tbe vessel is to go into dry dock. — Mr. A. Wood ward (Acting PdiUI Inspector) visited Rehmuk last week in connection with tht establishment of * post office at Xock No. ? 5'.— Mr. Goa (pifct master), who hm been transferred to Port Pirie. will leave on Monday. Mr. L. B. Spicer will be acting postmaster.— A fete in connection with the Baby .Welfire Centre wu held at the resi dence of Mrs. Betley Waters. - The proceeds, which amounted to £18. wire considered satis factory. Mrs. W. R. Robertson, of Chowilla, won the first prise, tnd Mrs. Oibbs secured tlit second prize in the competition for best article made out of a shilling's worth ot mtterial. — The first social evening amused by the ladles' com mittee of the local B.£a., wu held in the Soldiers' Clubroom on Saturday night. There was a s-Md atfeniluuv. Mmic vas supplied by Mn, Harold .Smith. Supper was served. Mr. Doastaa was M.O. The following' com mittee wu respontiKe for the success of 'he evening:— Mesdames O. Asb; W. F. L. Taylor, H. Pittmsn. W. Cretrer. J. Cattennole, tnd T. Spirting. The monthly meeting of the Block E branch of the Agricultural Bureau was held In th* Block E HaU on Tuesdsy night.-, Mr. Kubtnk occupied the chair. - Correspondence was read from the Rosewortbly Asrricnltural Ccllege regtnJlBf sn inrtruction icSool for farmers. Reviews of the season were read by Messrs. Eaton (EuIUna), Lott (OorJS), tnd Ashendea (Ooosebeiiy-bigli Gordo). SOUTH- EASTERN BOROER. May 15.— More ttan £500 luu teen subscribed toward t monu nwnt to Hamilton boHIht who fell in the war. —A party of 14 boys had a narrow .escape from terious injury when a motor lorry, 'In' which they were riding, collided Kith a coa it Hamilton. The wheel of the vehicle locked, and the car tuned a somersault over the cow. Beyond a severe bruising, none of the occu pants was uninjured. TARLEE, May 1C. — There was a good atten dance at the annual meeting of the Tarlce Institute. The Vice-President (Mr. A. Hill) occupied the chair. The secretary (Mr. A. 1~ liolineatix) presented the balance sheet, which showed a debit of £120. '\\\ new piano, a jarrah floor for dancing and- also a new floor in the supper room had been installed, and new books and periodicals had been added to the adult and juvenile libraries. The librarian (Mr. C. Pillar) reported an Increased membership. It was proposed to bold a series 0! dances to re duce the liability. Officers elected:— President, Mr. L. Stribbling; Vicc-President, Mr. White; Secretary,' Mr. A. L. Molineaux; Treasurer, Mr. W, j Dawson; Committee, the officers, Messrs. A. Hill, T. Shannon,. D. L. Clarke, W. Bran son, D. Overall, A. Watson, and E. Luscombe. — The Tarlee Literary Society has opened ib. ses sion. Mr. ' L. Molineanx is Chairman and Mr. Eric Clarke secretary. Delegates have been debating with Alma, and a junior delate with Hamley Bridge. — The Rev. P. A. Eckersley, B.A., was tendered a farewell at the Giles Corner Methodist Church on the eve ot his de parture for Woodvfllc. Mr. Badman occupied the chair. The guest has made many fnends in his pastorate both in the church and as a cricketer in the Kapiindi club. Mr. D. L. Clarke, in behtlf ot the Methodist Churches 0! the district, presented Mr. Eckersley -rill 1 a travelling rug tnd a silver-mounted pipe. Mr. E. Kelly spoke for Finnis Point, Messrs. J. Kelly tnd G. Cornish for Giles Corner, and Mx. Angus Clarke for Tarlec. ^^^^ 