(frhe brisbane Courier. loth YEAR OP PUBLICATION. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1924. NORDIC OR LATIN? %.-» . . Is the population of Australia to remalli preeminently Anglo-Saxon or is it to bo diluted by increasing numbers of the peoples from South-. Eastern Europe? That Í3 a problem that ought to receive the immédiate and earnest attention of the Federal Government, because it is of vital im- portance to the whole Common- wealth. Using the terms Noidic and Latin in the fullest sense, the one representing tho -whole of the Anglo-Saxon and Scandinavian races, and tho other comprising the Italians, Jugo-Slavs, and other peoples of South-Eastern Europe, the question may be more definitely foenssed by asking whether the Gov- ernment intends to encourage Nordic or Latin migration? Wo have called attention previously to this* j matter, and had the statement from Mr. Bruce that an arrangement had been made by which Italian immigra- tion would be limited by tho issue of passports, nnd that tho migration of Greeks and Jugo-Slavs would be I restricted by arrangement to 100 a month for each of those nationalities, I Obviously those arrangements aro not being observed, because it is per | fectly clear that a definite migration movement has started from the countries of South-Eastern Europe. Sir John M*Whae, formerly Agent General for Victoria, tells us that a fleet of Italian ships is on the point of completion for the convey- ance of Italian immigrants to Aus- tralia at the cost of £8 per im- migrant. Ho odds that ho went through tho third-elas3 passengers on the great vessel, tho K.M.S. Orama, which is making her first trip to Australia, and he found that fully 20 per cent, of them could not speak a word of English. The position, as Sir John M'Whae says, is very serious. The Government cannot prohibit those people from coming here, so long as they ate healthy, without involving tho coun- try iii international complications which might take a very ugly shape at the League of Nations Assembly. But there is one thing it can do: It can discourage Southern Europeans from coming here, and it can en- courage British immigration. Sir John M'Whae definitely says, "Our people are debarred from migration to Australia on the slightest evuse, but tho foreigners are not subjected to such restrietiono." Hitherto the Latin races have concent ra I ed their attention on America and Canada. America has barred their entry into the United States in numbers ex- ceeding the- limited and specified quota. Australia consequently has to face tho problem of an apparently spontaneous but probably well directed mocement of Soulhern Europeans to this country; and the matter is one that needs the earefhl consideration at once of the Federal Government. To say that the Latin migration involves grave disadvantages does not imply that the people front South-Eastern. Europe aro inferior. The danger is economic, ¡ii ¡sing Irom essential differences in character and outlook. Great authorities, like the late Lord Bryce, have warned us that democratic government is apt to break down in a country where the elements are not homo- geneous and do not lend themselves to the effective working of democratic institutions. The South American republics provide a startling illus- tration of Hie proof of that state- ment. Ilero in Australia our Monroe Doctrine is White Australia; and w6 have as iriùeh right to înain: tain that principle, if wo can, ns Britain has to maintaiii , the supremacy of her sica power, or America has to safeguard the principles of her iNfoiiroo Doctrine. That principle of White Australia, we tako it, is' not merely restricted to colour. Ils intrinsic meaning is tho purity of the racial and the safety of the economic standards. We cannot permit the Anglo-Saxon standard to he swamped in a migra- tion of peoples who will not assimi- late. The White Australia princi- ple, in its racial and economic sense, depends upon the right of a civilized people lo protect itself from heina; swamped, and that principle can bo maintained without any slight on the amour propro of Japan, of Italy, of Jugo-Slavia, or any other sensitive nation. But wo must not forget that we might be called upon by the League of Nations, moro especially since the drafting of the famous Geneva Protocol which was accepted by the League in October of this year, subject to its ratification by tho different Parliaments, to show our right to monopolize one of the greatest countries of tho world WIIPII we are not utilizing it for the benoni of humanity. It is no use burking the plain fact that we will be called upon "to show cause," and to do it at no distant date. Either we jnust encourage British immigration or be compelled to throw open our doop-j to migration from countries with in- ferior economic standards. Which ia it to be? Is it to be n Latin migration, followed by a demand, mid a reasonable demand, too, for a Japanese migration, or is it to be Nordic, which includes tho British, Danish. German, and Scandinavian peoples? As Mr. M'Whao says, it is a very serious problem. It is one that ought to bo tackled without any loss of time, because it is perfectly clear that this Latin migration is not a blind erratic movement. There is direction behind it. 