SCOUT JAMBOREES .Wembley and Copenhagen ADDRESS BY TAsTlANlAN SCOUT. "A talk of my -visit to tlie Imperial. : and international scout jami/oroes at j Wembley and Copenhagen respectively," was the subject of an interesting ..a- dress by Mr. C. J. M. Cole, who was in oliargo of the Tasmaman Scouts, at the weekly luncheon of f-lio Rotary Club at tLo Brisbane Hotel loitngo yesterday, j Tl.e trip bad been n_ wonderful experi- i encc, began Air. Cole. At Worobley I there wero camped 1-1,000' scouts roin | all parts of the British Empire. On several occasions nicy wero visucu oy j royalty. The Prince of Wales spent a I' week-oml iu their camp, and the King also made an inspection. The opening of the jninboree was most impressive. Tlio rriuco of Wale;; was iu attendance. The great army oi scouts marched past liini in the Stadium, the stajidnrdbearers carrying tl.'e respcc- live Hags. The scouts tlien joined in a rush rally round the .Prince, and kneel ing sang softly the lirst verse of fiho National Anlhem as a prayer. Then standing, tlio great concourse of scouts sang the second vorse. It was inspir ing in the extreme. On Sunday, August 1!, a monster service was conducted in the Studiom by tko Archbishop of York. The Priuco of Wales and Sir Robert Baden-Powell wero in attendance. It was an experience lie would never for get. Shortly after another great ser vice was conducted in Westminster Ab bey. Tlio esteem in which Sir Robert Baden-Powell was held in London might be gathered from the fact that ns .ho walked to the Abbey almost overy man who passed him raised liis hat. AT COPENHAGEN, prom Wembley the scouts went to the international jamboree at Copenhagen, Denmark, where 31 distinct nations were represented. The camp was perfect, and ns tlio sections were divided by ropes only, a line spirit of fraternity existed. Germans and French scouts were on the best of terms, while their countries .wero prepared at a minute's notice to jump at each other's throats. This was .lust an jiLstuucc oi wuai uio seuut move ment could do. It was at this camp that he witnessed one of the most Im pressive incidents of tlio whole trip. Sir Robert Baden-Powell was proclaimed at a gigantic gathering of the assembled scouts as the chief scout of the world. All tlio scouts marched to liis stand aud dipped their lings. .During their stay in tbo camp two representatives from every nation wero invited by the Chinese scouts to after noon tea. Two members of the League of Nations wore present. In the course of ins reply to an address of welcome, ono of the British representatives Baid lio thought the League of Nations dele gates would realise that while tl.ey talk ed the boy scouts wero putting into practice the principles of the league. Great numbers of people visited tlio camps, and tlio Danish scout camp made a profit of £0000, which would bo de voted to sending the Danish scouts to the next jamboree. At Coponliagen t-licy werc visited by tlie King of Denmark. Throughout the whole tour tlie scouts experienced the warmest hospitality. He felt certain that as a result oi the Jam borees a definite step had been taken towards universal peace. A ssTKTrtff; rxmro-R a ttov On tlio return trip to London the scouts passed through Germany, France, land Belgium. Ho visited several Aus tralian cemeteries, and ho was grati fied to see that the graves of Austral ian soldiers were looked after excel lently. immigration to Australia must benefit considerably by the presence of tko Australian scouts at tlio jamborees. , They wore 'able to give first-hand in formation to numbers of people, not only in England, but in other countries they visited. Tko speaker felt sure that as a result many would make the trip to Australia. In providing the passages for the Australian scouts, which was equivalent to a gift of £5000, the Commonwealth Government had shown its practical sympathy with the great movement. Tlie Rotary Club in Melbourne had taken an active interest in the scout movement, and ha hoped that the Rotary of Laun ceston would do the some. The scout movement could assist greatly in making Tasmania a model country, as the move ment had done for Denmark, Jjaunces- ton had not had the amount of inter est it should liave liad from Hobart, with tko result that the scout movement was not so far advanced as it should be here. Rotary could do someining to help. No organisation in the world was more worthy of support and consid eration, for it took boys at their most impressionable age and instilled into them that essential — character. Rctarian Dr. .T. Hninsay, president of the club, assured Mr. Cole that the en couragement of the scout movement was one of their ideals. A conference be tween a special committee appointed by Rotary niid representatives of the Boy Scouts might be of benefit in informing them in tlie manner in which they might help tlie movement. The chairman of tlie day, Rotarinn II. P. Stewart, referred to the fact that they had with Uiem that day ns speak- ems two men who were doing their . islrnre to build- up- the British Empire. 'Tliey wero the -Railway Commissioner ('Mr. G'. JJi?c«mbc) and Mr. Cole. (Ap. plause.) 