The Week—And The Word The Sydney suggestion of the lash for scoundrels convicted of crimes with violence is- a worth while one. Garrotting in England was put dowir by the lash. There is such a thing as 100 much maudlin- sentiment for hrutal criminals. How about reserving sonic proper sentiment for their victims r * * * In view of the weather conditions as aggregate attendance of 75,000 at the Show during the five days of last week is one upon which the Society Has every reason to felicitate itself. It exceeds by more than 5000 the number • recorded last year, and is more than 15,000 ahead of the aggregate attendance 111 1922. * . * * " The Associated Banks have given the office to the new Commonwealth Bank directorate that they cannot finance the wool and wheat harvests unless guaranteed a sufficient backing of legal ; tender currency. The chairman of the Commonwealth Board is Garvan, director of the Citizens Mutual Life Assurance Co., Ltd. He was previously a member of the Australian Notes Board, whose policy of currency restriction increased the wealth of financial institutions by millions, and placed ' a heavy load upon the industrious, as distinct from the monied, interests of Australia. It will be interesting to note what policy the Board of Directors of the Bank will pursue. If it adopts the policy of the Notes Board a frightful financial and industrial catastrophe is certain. ' The-monied interests will, in this event, find that their victory over the producing elements of the community will be a Pyhrric one. * * * Lord Ernest Hamilton, on the eve .of the elections, has issued a manifesto on behalf of the British Fascisti. In it he assures the electors that in many constituencies the conduct - ol the contest is guaranteed by the readiness of the British Fascist^. Presumably, there have been recent large importations of castor oil into Britain. It has to be seen, however, how 'the British workingman - will take his medicine. Lord Ernest is the son ot a Duke. Wonderful is the love of Dukes aud such for liberty. * V * Apparently \\\ csterii"- Australia will not see the American Squadron which is to visit the Commonwealth next year. The cabled route includes only the Eastern -littoral, after visiting which the vessels will proceed to the Phillipines. Representations should be made through the Commonwealth Government in order to induce the American naval authorities to include Western Australian ports in the ambit of the cruise. Those who remember the visit of the American Squadron to the State in 1908 will not forget the great interest it excited, and the good which resulted by- stimulating friendly interest- in our "Big Brother in America." * * * Even the Tories in Britain are waking to the necessity of "doing some- thing" in regard to land problems. Baldwin, in his manifesto says the Conservative party "proposes to tackle urban problems, so that land values shall contribute to the expenses of maintaining conveniences, utilities and amenities." Of course, should the party succeed to power much will depend upon how they give effect to this large generalisation. It is improbable. however, that the Duke of Westminster will lose any sleep over the matter. * * * The English cricket team, stated to \- he one of the best combinations ever to leave the Homeland, commences the Australian series at the W.A.C.A. Grounds to-day, when they will engage a representative W.A. Eleven. The rain has. prevented our men indulging in much practice, but all arc fit and eager to match themselves against Giligan's men. Altogether the Englishmen will play three matches in Perth. 011c of which will he against the "Colts"" team. It is not often that the Perth enthusiasts have such an opportunity of seeing cricket at its best, and it augurs well for W.A. cricket that we have been given such consideration from the Board of Control. One player from this State will also be played in the Australian Eleven which will engage the Englishmen in Brisbane. These facts will be a great boost to our cricketing status, and we hope in the near future that W.A. w ill have representative teams engaged in Interstate contests. The South Australian Trades and Labour Council has passed the following motion : "That in view of the large number of unemployed in this State we call upon tlu- Government to introduce a standard 44-hour week throughout South Australia. We contend that unemployment is a growing menace to the happiness aud prosperity of the working class, and that as machinery and automatic appliances lo the means of production aud distribution arc taking the place of many labourers if becomes apparent that a shorter working week is necessary to cope with the unemployment situation." The brains of Labour arc in its feet, nowadays. * * * The action of the Albany people in organising a wool canvas of the Great Southern will, even if it fails in its immediate objective, i.e., the establishment of wool sales in Albany— serve to bring forcibly to notice the undesirably strong organisation of the wool buyers in this State. The dictatorial manner in which the .Buyers' Association, without studying the wishes cither of the growers or the woolbrokers. vetoed the proposed sales at the southern seaport where brokers have erected buildings to the value of £25.000. is causing much anxiety to .wool-growers, and the prevalent opinion is that if the buying organisation is so strong the next step will be an attempt to reduce the price of wool. One certain^effect of the buyers' action will be detrimental to producers, brokers- and buyers alike, namely the shipping for sale in London of a much jarger proportion oi W.A.'s wool clip than was the case last year. * * * The most lasting impression of the Royal Show is, to the unmotored majority, the long and dusty tramp from Claremont station to the grounds and it is with gratitude that one reads the proposal of the society's committee rewarding a special station. Ii, however, the Government cannot se-: its way clear to erecting a new sta- ".i ii U.r the sole benefit oi the Royal Ai-.-ii Lihural Society, the difficulty c ilk! Le quite easily ovc.couie by the jiii'-i. - lion of a cheap bus .md motor car service between Claremonl station end the Show Grounds. The present charge of sixpence per head for iransportal by a rickety cab is nothing less than profiteering. * * * The Federal Parliament is now enjoying a long recess after a stormy and acrimonious session, and Parliamentarians will have an opportunity to nurse their constituencies and diamine their party organisations with an eye to ne:xt elections- As far as this State is concerned there is now virtually 110 organisation in Federal politics except the A.L.P.. which confidently anticipates a sweeping victory for Labour. Curtin has earmarked Fremantle for'himself: there are three nominations for the Labour selection ballot for Perth, and over thirty fot the Senate. At present, as we have remarked, there is practically no organisation to combat -the rising tide of Labour. The Countrv Partv is now a mere shell with decimated membership, an jjnipty treasury, and no enthusiasm. The Nationalists have 110 membership whatsoever nor apparently any chance of effective recruiting:. So it looks as if the prohibitive tariff and scatter-brained socialism <if Labour, which arc foreign and antipathetic to local sentiment, will misrepresent us 111 Melbourne after next elections. The time seems ripe to organise a new W.A. party. * ' * * "Denmark has. every year, a small excess of trained agricultural labourers. 1 he movement of these migrants is invariably towards America. When I asked why they were not attracted towards Australia, I was told that Australia did not welcome immigrants. and that, in any case, she did not want foreigners. There is no doubt thai this opinion is wide spread. I cannot imagine a better class of immigrant for our rural districts, especially our dairying districts, than. these practically trained, industrious and thrifty Danes. Racially, we Anglo- Saxons come of the same stock. Our history touches theirs at jnany points. Our language shows traces of Danish influence. In my judgment, they would develop into excellent Australians, as indeed have many Danes, who to-day occupy leading positions in our midst." —Victorian Director of Education Tate in a booklet, ""Some Lessons of Rural Denmark," which he iias published as a result of a recent visit to that country. ~I was fold that Australia did not welcome immigrants!" How the news spreads. * * * A favourite argument and sneer of those in favour of Munsie's lottery for the hospitals is that those who oppose it suggest no other logical method. This is false. The only logical method to maintain our institutions is by taxation. What Munsie, abetted by - the Government, suggests is that somewhere more than twice the amount required shall be raised, and as circumstances "indicate, be raised from the least prosperous among the community. Munsie's logic it is that demands the ridicule of commonsense, and the hard and heavy boot of practkableness. The whole blame for the pernicious Lotteries Bill" cannot justly be placed on labour. The voting 011 the second reading- in the Assembly—34 to — proves that Munsie was doubtless well-informed as to the parliamentary reception it would get. But the figures do not justify the measure, nor the majority that approved it, for the country had not the slightest intimation that such a Bill would be submitted. * * * Just as the war in China is 011 the point of collapsing because some of the ahnoud-eyed Generals have gone on "strike, it is developing among the •"Tongs" iu America. The vegetable John, when he leaves his native land 10 reside among white barbarians, brings with him his traditional love ol secret societies, based on family or craft foundations. Feuds spring np between the "Tongs" abroad, usually, as in the American instance, upon differences of opinions concerning matters in dear old Jossland, and the arm of bewildered Western authoritygrows weary batoning sense into furious parties of rival Chows making mervyel! in the Chinatowns of their adopted land. * * * . The editor of " the official organ of Labour" is perforce an apologist for the policy of the Labour Govern7 nieiil, and there are times when he applies the white-wash brusli with visible repugnance. ' Such an occasion occurred last week when - he penned an' editorial in defence of State lotteries. It was headed, "That <|uai ter of a million pounds going east." Thi;, was in reference to an exaggeration of Munsie—he has since amended it and reduced it by sixty per cent. Xo attempt was made to defend gambling, but it was claimed that since so much of it is tolerated, the State might as well have a cut out of it. It also pleaded poverty as an excuse for the'State commercialising vice and popularising it, and it could conceive of no other way of financing charities. Still, he acknowledged "this paper does not enthuse oyer the expedient of a . State lottery," but it prefers that method of supporting charitable institutions to the pre-election enthusiasm of the party for tapping the couple of millions of '.'unearned increment" now being * privately » confiscated. » A careful perusal of the respective manifestoes of the Liberal. Labour and Conservative parties to the electors of England on the - eve of the hurricane campaign brings one fact into vivid relief. On all essential questions of botii domestic aud foreign policy the Liberals and Labourists are in fundamental agreement, and neither has anything in common with the Conservatives. The two former are in complete accord 011 the fiscal question—neither will sanction the slightest interference witli Britain's traditional Freetrade. policy. Both reaffirm their firm adherence to the principle of Land Values Taxation. And in their foreign policies both are sleadfastly auli-niilitaristic and eager to establish friendly intercourse, with all nations. The Tories, while averse to raising the issue of Freetrade versus Protection will whittle away Freetrade when occasion oilers; they antagonise, laud reform, and in Foreign Affairs their inclination is to prepare for war rather than for peace. These facts suggest that even if the next Parliament is constituted substantially as the last was j the Li be litis be forced lo keep Labour in power. * * * The recent Assembly of the League of Nations unanimously approved of a Protocol which was acclaimed as the most definite advance yet registered towards the ideal of "Peace 011 earth; Goodwill towards men.'' The essence of this Charter of Universal and Eternal Peace between "the many peoples, kindred, tongues, on this celestial ball" is that every question, quite without exception, which may cause conflict between nations shall, be subject lo adjudication by the League, aud all members of the League pledge themselves to insure the enforcement of the League's decrees upon any recalcitrant. As soon as this Protocol is ratified by "the Parliaments of all the peoples the necessary machinery to operate it is to be framed, and then there is to be universal disarmament, except for a skeleton army and navy under control of the League. So the delegates thought when they separated but second thoughts have somewhat damped the enthusiasm. It is morally certain that the Protocol will not be ratified by the Parliaments of Australia.. Canada, or South Africa, and it is extremely doubtful if the Imperial Parliament will dare 10 approve where lhe Dominions reject. The issue thai is raised aptly illustrates the almost insuperable obstacles which ingrown Nationalism opposes to genuine and enduring internationalism. It is evident that the ultimate value of a League of Nations is almost negligible as far as preventing wars is concerned unless it is empowered to arbitrate upon all matters which may lead to v,ar. One fruitful cause of inter-racial friction is domestic legislation in the direction of restricting immigration, particularly when it discriminates against certain races. Peace will be precarious so long as such legislation endures. Vet it is wildly unthinkable; that Dominion Parliaments in their present temper will permit a League oi Nations lo dictate to them in this matter. What the repercussions of this Protocol may be it is difficult to predict. It may drive a wedge between the Motherland and the Dominions, or it may lead to the disintegration of the League. I11 any event it will vividly illustrate the tremendous practical difficulties which confront a great ideal, and that is an essential step towards discovering a rational remedy. * * * "Boheini&n;" writes: Mr. Collier's Budget Speech will haye given keen satisfaction to vested interests and land speculators. In his pre-election policy speech at Boulder he definitely pledged himself, if returned to power t;i translate into legislation that fill*.- Cue" ion plank of the Labour platform about aiT effective tax upon land values. Later on, after his election, he made a statement about buying out the land sharks, instead of taxing them out.. 1 denounced him in your pages for a flagrant reversal of form. In reply, you published a statement from him to- the effect that an effective tax upon land values would be introduced early 111 this Parliament. Now he has given his Budget, outlining receipts and expenditure for the next year. There is 110 reduction promised in railway charges and 110 increase projected in the contemptible little apology lor land values taxation now in operation. Possibly next year, though, if his present Monte Carlo scheme for replenishing the Treasury prove disappointing, he may reconsider a land value tax. (The points made by "Bohemian" are justified by Mr. Collier's speech. We think it an extraordinary thing that the Premier and Treasurer should have omitted from his Budget any calculation of increased revenue from land values taxation and of decreased revenue from railway freights. Labour has, 011 lhe long service leave question. sold the railway workers a pup. Is Premier Collier going: to sell the State 011c on the larger matter of land values taxation and decreased railway freights: This Budget seems to supp!v aii answer in the affirmative.— Ed.) * * * Good Mussulmans are glad to turn their heads towards Mecca. Ex-King Husein 01" Hejaz must be a poor one. He ha^ turned his away. * * Significant! Interjecting on Latham's remark, during his speech 011 the Estimates, that he "regretted that with increased revenue anticipated from land (values) tax and with the Lot- 1 erics Bill the Treasurer had not been able toy forecast a balancing of the ledger." Collier said: "The amount from land tax will be very small." At selling pups the present Government has no equal. The Premier's interjection may be fairly described as an invitation to the stalwarts of the Upper House lo kick out any increased land values taxation he may propose. Taken with the fact thai the Estimates include uo additional amount 011 account of increased tax which the Labour Party swore to the people it would impose: which Mr. Collier m categorical terms, a few months since told the "Leade would be introduced "early in the session," we see another of Labour's promises gone overboard. No pretence will disguise the indifference of the Government to a great policy 011 which they secured thousands of votes. * * * City Coroner Kidson lias sent the wretched lunatic O'Gorman for Irial in connection with the killing of the unfortunate Boardmaii. Whether it was worth while to commit the State to the expenditure involved in Criminal Court proceedings may be doubted But some advantage may accrue by the public's gaining a closer knowledge of the circumstances that made such a tragedv possible iu the institution. * * * The French Acadlmy, working at its dictionary, has admitted into the French language the word "blackboule." It has thus incurred considerable criticism. "Blackboule"' is obviously derived from the English word "blackballed," but why it should be accepted in a form which is neither French nor English is puzzling. One is reminded of the French word—a word which looks as French and sounds as French as a word could— "boulingrin." This is coined out of the English "bowling-green." But lhe English language is being adopted more and more in many domains. Ill sport, for example, practically all the terms have been borrowed from England or - America. While in Englishspeaking countries it is considered more elegant to call the hairdresser the "coiffeur." in France it is the height of elegance to refer to him as the "hairdresser.'" * * * Abolition of lhe British customs duties 011 imported automobiles, which came into force 011 August 1. has been followed by the announcement of considerable reductions in the price of one of the best known British light cars. The cuts range from £23 to 55 on the different classes of the car, bringing the cost of the lowest-priced car of this make to £175. Despite the lad that the announcement of reductions lollows so closely upon the abolition ol import duties, a director,of the firm denies liit-re is any connection between the two events, and in a letter to the newspapers declares that "if these, duties had not been abolished prices would have been very much lower than they are, for we should have gone, ont 011 a considerably larger output.*' The present price scale is calculated on an output of HiOO cars weekh . Now if Australian duties 011 articles largely used by primary producers were reduced we would find that lhe "cuts" on local manufactures would quickly follow. 