Family Migration Favoured. I During: tlie course ot his remarks with regard to tho Imperial Govern ment's scheme to assist Australian Immlgrat Ion, Mr. Lunn pointed, out that if the Imperial Govern ment had to assist immigra tion It should be family migration, or groups of families. It must be conceded that this is by far and away the best form of Immi gration, more especially if tho families are primary producers. Single immi gration is all right so far as It goes, and Australia is always ready and wil ling to take individuals, but It must be obvious that families or groups of fam ilies are more acceptable. Bringing families out to Australia meeans that the ties are not severed, and the feeling of loneliness which characterises the individual method is at once done away with, while if groups of families are kept together as much as possible the result would be all the better. At least one State in Australia is not favourable to this form of immigration, as no provision has been so far made for it. In Western Australia the scheme has been a huge success, and there is no reason why it should not bo in other portions of the Continent. It is no more costly than with individ uals; as a .matter of fact, it should be cheaper. There is not the slightest doubt that Australia would get many more immigrants than is the case now but for the fact that ample provision is not made for families and group settlement. The progress made in secondary industries in this country means that more and more skilled workers will be required here. Now tho majority of these. In Great Britain are married men with families, and it Is hardly fair to expect them to come out here without their wives and families, a, apart from the cost of keeping themselves here and providing for their folks at the other end, the indefinite period which would elapse before they were able to bring tliem out is a stumbling block. The scheme outlined by the Imperial Government with regard to this par ticular class of immigration is an ex cellent one, and should be heartily welcomed by the Government of this country, and it is to be hoped that when the scheme is finalised this par ticular form will bo given the sup port it deserves. ? — :o: ? ' — Although .the inauguration of the Ade iaide-Sydney aerial mail service was somewhat inauspicious, Aerial Mail there is every reason to Services. believe that the scheme is destined to become a huge success. Not only from the point of time saved is the innovation suc cessful, but it shows that the aero piano is going to play just as big a part in J:he commercial life of a coun try as in war. Science has so perfected the aero plane that it is now as safe as human brains can .make it, and this fact, to gether with that of the great speed which can be attained, means much for the future. Australia is now blessed with numerous aerial mail services, which have proved a boon to the outback districts of the country, and tlie success which has met the en deavours of the Federal Government in this direction is a happy augury for the future. Districts which formerly had to wait for days and days for mails now get them in much quicker time, thus enab ling business people to get through their correspondence and business with much greater rapidity. The success with aerial mail ser vices In Australia and elsewhere Is but a step to similar undertakings to overseas countries. Such a service be tween Australia and Europe would be a distinct boon to both. The great' flight of the late Sir Ross Smith, Lieutenant Parer, and other famous fliers, has proved that, provided the right class of machine is used, the aeroplane as a carrier of .mails all over the world Is not at all an impos sibility. As a matter of fact a scheme is now being prepared- for a service between Australia and Europe, al though it has not yet taken definite shape. Australia is so far away from the world's centres that the present system of mail carrying is not as ad vantageous as it might be. It is readily admitted that it is only since the war that the aeroplanq has been Iragely used commercially, but the success has been so great that it may be taken for granted that the next few years will sec this method more uni versally used. It will bo a great day for Australia when mails from Europe will be landed here in half the time it now takes by steamer, as this country will be brought .much closer to Euro pean countries, a fact which cannot but be of tremendous benefit from a business point of view. ' 0-'2mm ? It is not usual for the representative of a country which is competing against another/ to tell Its op-' Marketing ponent the best way In Australasian which to Improve its Butter. trade with regard, to a certai'n commodity. Vet this is what a Mr. Moller j of Denmark has done in New Zealand anent butter. His re marks are also applicable to Austra lia. As is well known shipments of butter from this country to Great Britain are particularly heavy at one period of the year and gradually dwindle down. Mr. Moller says that producers in Australasia are at a disadvantage on account of irregular shipments. The butter from Denmark arrives frequently regularly and all the year round. The same cannot be said, however, for Australasia. Mr. Moller says that if the English market was supplied from Australasia all tho year round, It would compete on equal terms with the Danish product. Although the price of butter is de termined according to quality, there is such a thing as glutting the market and it would appear that this is the trouble with this country. The point is whether it would be better to regu late the shipments from here and send tliem forward at frequent intervals, increasing or decreasing as the oc casion may warrant, or send it along as at present and keep It In cold stor age at the other end feeding the market from there. Denmark is more favourably situ ated than is Australasia in this re gard, as shipments from there can be more frequent than from Australia, but this country should have this ad vantage that whereas the cows in Denmark are hand fed for more than half tlie year such is not necessary in this country, which should, if any thing, improve the quality of the but ter, although it must be. recognised that farmers here must apply more at tention to the question of bettering the colour, etc., of tho Australasian article. Mr. Moller went on to point out the j difference between the metliwls adop ted in his country and 11' is. In Don mark, there are no machine milkers, ' this work being done entirely by hand, ! while the separating is done in the ; factories. In his opinion, it is a draw- j back to separate on the farms, as this may have an influence on the quality of the butter, while the factory method is more sanitary. Which of the two ; methods is best for this country is a matter for the farmers to say. but ; doing the work in tho factory seems ' to be the best way, and this is a ques- i tion to be decided by thorough tests. I It cannot be said that the Australasian I commodity is the very best available, but there is no reason why it should ' not approach this standard very I closely. At the recent conference of Butter j and Cheese Factory Managers, it was , stated that Australian producers would benefit to the extent of nearly £2,030 000 if local butter brought a penney per pound more on the English market. Perhai)& Mr. Moller's /remarks ;may provide the .way to bringing this about. They are certainly worth considera tion, and if, in the opinion of farmers, the suggestions made would bring about an improvement in quality and price, ..they should be adopted. Australia has grown so used to Gov ments bungling, that the latest farce j now being acted by ' Leave it to Mr, Bruce- and Sir Governments. George Fuller with re- \ ' ference to a loan of j £500,000 to be spent in connection with i the emigration scheme entered into ' by New South Wales, will not cause I any surprise, as it is quite typical of ; Govrenment methods, or, would it' be [ better to say, those of the politician, j This money has been available for some considerable time, but for some unearthly reason or other it must come through the Commonwealth Govern- . ment. Why? Simply because Mr. Bruce offered to raise, and provide funds for the specific purpose of the j immigration agreement on behalf of ] the State. Could not the State Gov ernment have gone direct in the mat- j ter, or is its credit not good? Here we have the spectacle of money ready for an important undertaking being I hung up because of a petty squabble between two leaders. In tho mean time, the populating of the State can go hang. This is another instance of how Government methods are absolute failures, and is another case in favour of private enterprise carrying out the work. If a private concern know the money was available in a certain place there would be none of this business about getting it. The shortest way possible would be used, which, in this case, is London. The part of this immigration business which Is incomprehensible is that tho States which have to take these people and provide for them have to uO so through the Commonwealth Govern ment. It Is) a roundabout way of doing things altogether, and cannot be successful at all. It only goes to show . that there Is some truth in Sir Neville Howse's statement that the question is only being played with. Other instances could be quoted showing that were it not for this Government red tape, greater progress would be made in this, the greatest question confronting Australia. In every country where immigration' is catered for the Gov ernments have very little to do with the scheme, with the result they are a huge success. ? Until Australia adopts the same mehtods, this will never be, and the sooner this fact is realised and acted upon, the sooner will Australia get the results which will mean to the newcomers and the country itself. , 