General News. The mails despatched from Adelaide on May 1, arrived in London on June 1. The mails which were dispatched from Adelaide on April 21 arrived in London on May 27. The East-West express was delayed at Port Augusta on Sunday night, and did not reach Adelaide until 11.16 p.m. English mails by the Osterley arrived in Adelaide overland from Fremantle on May 30 and were distributed on Satur day. A proclamation has been issued that Monday, June 9, will be a public and bank holiday in lieu of June 3, in celebration of the birthday of his Majesty the King. An Alice Springs telegram states that of a mob of 400 , cattle 70 were lost when passing through' the' poison country south of Wycliffe Well. Post-mortem, examinations show that the fuchsia bush was the cause. : ' .' Three German deserters, one being from the' barque Hinchenfeldt, and two from the ?teamer Gottingent, were deported last week. The men were placed on the German steamer. Llberfeid before she de parted from Port Adelaide for Hamburg. It was announced by . Dr. Earle Page last week that the Nationalist and Coun try Partiei Had c'onie to an agreement re garding the conduct of Federal elections, ?'By which neither side would oppose the other, unless by mutual arrangement, i when there would be an exchange of pre ferences. , ' . ... The Commonwealth Football Association has succeeded in raising the £12,O0-) necessary to finance the tour of the Eiig Hsh soccer team, which has been promised for 1925. ' The association is contemplat ing sending an Australian team on a tour through the UJS.A., Britain, and the ' Continent. A Government -notice reminds motorists whose licenses expire on the last day of June, that new licenses for the year ending June 30, 1925, must be taken out if re quired. It. is wise to do this at oiice, «s if the renewal is left until later in the month delay may be caused owing to con gestion at the ofhce. At- the annual social of the Railway Officers' Association last week, the Pre mier said one of the first measures to be. introduced in the new Parliament would grant Public servants an arbitration tri bunal. Civil servants should have the same rights a« private employes, for the State should be a model employer. ^ In Junee (N.S.W.), there are 22 per ?ons living in one four-roomed house, and eight of them are over 18 years of age. The housing shortage is so serious that the Railway Oamissioners have been asked to build bouses for their employes. Their reply, towever, is that there are no funds avail able. - ?When subscribers ring up telephone ex changes telephonists have hitherto replied by naming the exchange called Tip by the subscriber. The Deputy PostmasterGene ral (Mr. J. W. Kitto) states that a new standard reply has been adopted, and, commencing from Monday last the reply, 'Number, please, was 'brought into opera-' tion throughout the Commonwealth. Mr. Joseph Puddy (36) collapsed while uinpining a ? football -match at Geraldtan (W.A.) on Saturday, and the game was continued under another umpire, but it was au . aouueed a few minutes later 'that Mr. Puddy had died, and the match was postponed. Mr. Puddy was champion fire man of Western Australia for some years. In Labor -circles in Queensland the re- ' suit of the plebiscite for the Herbert Federal Division is awaited with interest. Thfi fight will be be tween the Premier (Mr. Theodore) and ex- Senator M. A. derricks. Ths fignt will be particularly close and (there are many in the Labor movement wlio go sp far as to eay (hat the Premier is not going to have matters all his own way. ' j At a meeting last week of the Vic torian Health Commission it -;vas reported tliat a case of anthrax had occurred at Hawthorn. The case, it is considered, re- j suited from the use of a cheap shaving j ? brush. Particular attention was drawn ' by Dr. Simmons to the danger from the use cf cheap brushes. The opinion was also expressed that there''were too many cases of anthrax occurring at present. According to the Melbourne 'Herald,' Senator Crawford, Acting P.M.G., pro mised a deputation of Labor members at Federal Parliament House last week that be would reconsider the order which their :front gates before ? July 1 next. The deputtaion suggested that a slit partment's purpose; The danger of theft and destructton of 'letters in boxes vae -. mentioned as a reason why the order should bw revoked. A proposal is developing that Sir Arthur Cocks, (he New ^South \VaIes Treasurer, should, be sent to London to. modernise New South Wales' methods fo borrowing on the London .market, and to bring New South Wales and ? Eng'and into closer toutfh. A suggestion has been made that sliou'd lie be induced togo for twelve months he might be ap pointed Agent-General.. The Premier said he had not heard. of the proposal. A« a result /-? the recent increase of . the basic wage from 13/1 to 1.3/8 a .day the Executive Council has approved' of an amending regulation by which the mar ginal difference will be added to the pay of railway officers. .From July 1 all . railway officers receiving salaries ranging from £210 to £560 will receive a general increase of £10 a year, ^L'he extra pay ment will' involve an increased pay-sheet of £10,000 yearly. The first bronze meritorious award of merit of the Surf Lifesaving Association of Australia was this week presented ' to Mr. Austen DelJitt, a member of the Palm Beach Surf Club. Mr. Dellit showed extraordinary bravery some time ago by. jumping between an onruslring shark and a. 12-year-old girl in the surf at Palm Beach. Mr. Dellit 'was also presented ivjth a cheque for £76 10/ from residents and members of the Palm Beach Club. , A . woodcutter at Running Creek has fprwavded a letter to the constable in chnrge -xf -the Orbost (Vic.) police-station, seekiuj' young women for a -?wood-chopping act in A'vity i^heatrer He declares that ii the ac- i? successful it will mean a worl.l tour at a handsome salary. The conditions are thai, applicants must be able to swing an axe ana use a crosscut saw. Two Bairnsdale women; who claim- that they can swing with the average axeman, have applied for the job. ' Mr. E. T. Fisk (managing director of the Amalgamated Wireless, Limited), stated on Tuesday that the human voice had been successfully trans mitted ,by the Marconi beam from Marconi's experimental station at Poldhu, England, to his station at Vau cluse, Sydney. This was the first suc cessful experiment in wireless telephony between England and Australia,' and tho final barrier of isolation of Australia had now been removed. In his' report, dated .May 1, the Trade Commissioner in London (Mr. R. M, K. Lewis) states ihat'he ar ranged for a special disp.ay of South Aus trahiln apples ex Mcoltan at Grand How, Covent_GRrdens. This show was the moans of attracting a great deal of attention to South' Australian fruit, and the Trade Commissioner intends to exhibit special lines cf fruit from each shipment through the Government Produce Department dur ing this season' in the same' manner. - The. British ? Consul-General at Batavia has issued a warning through the Common wealth' Government to Australians against going to the East Indies -unless they have well-paid employment assured there.' The Consul- General points out 'that, many who .have gone in the h6pe ^-f securing eraploy Jnent Tiave become stranded and destitute. Britishers are unable to obtain financial as sistance from any quarter, and there ate so many local unemployed that newcomers search in vain for livelihood. As a result of .telegrams . which have passed between the Federal, and South Australian Governments, it has been ar ranged that the Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce)j the: Federal Minister of Works and Railways (Mr. Stewart), and the Com monwealth Commissioner of Railways (Mr. Bell) will leave Melbourne ' on Friday for Adelaide,. and. will arrive here on Saturday t: when . they ? will-; confer with the Premier (Mr. G-unn) regarding the ? North-Souti and Port Augusta-Hay railways. Claims aggregating £31,000 in respect of alleged libel . were simultaneously, issued this week against 'Snrth'6 Weekly' Pub lish Company,. on behalf of William Shana han. a ganger, and. 29 of his gang. .. Mr. Shanahan is in the employ of the Rail -way Department, and his individual claim is ;£2,000. Twenty-nine of his men each claim £1,000 In. respect of an alleged defamatory r article which appeared in 'Smith's Weekly' on May 31 under the heading, 'Police Capture Paddy the Gentlenian.' ? ' ? By an ordinance gazetted last week the Federal Government provide that a man riage. with a deceased brother's widow shall not be deemed to void any civil contract by reason only of that affinity ^between the contracting' parties. By a law of South Australia now in force in the Territory, a marriage between any person and the sister of Irs deceased wife is valid, and the ob ject of the present ordinance, which is to be styled 'The Deceased Brother's Widow'B Marriage Ordinance, 1924,' is to place, mar riages of this class on the same basis. : Prepared for publicity purposes by the Commonwealth Immigration Office, an in teresting film dealing- with the flight round Australia by Wing-Commander Goble and Fii^hf-Lieutenant Mclntyre, was privately screened before, the Air Force officers tbie week. The film presents important aspects of the flight in an. attractive way, and shows how the great adventure w .11 bene fit Australia ana -the- Jffimpire. Special attention baa been given to 'the enthusias tic scenes which marked the anival of the I seaplane at St. Kilda. 'By the end of this week there will be seven rail motor cars employed in the South Australian passenger traffic. On Tuesday one of the cars pro ceeded to Murray Bridge, and to wards the end of this week another car will also be sent to that depo-i. The two cars will be placed on the Loxton and Paringa lines almost immediately. So far the public has shown marked appre ciation, of the innovation, which railway authorities claim to be much more econo mical than steam trains. There are five cars yet to be placed in commission. Free railway passes were requested for country delegates to the Dairymen's Pro tection' Association, who will attend a conference in Adelaide ' shortly, 'by a de putation from . that body, introduced by Messrs. J. Collihf? and F. Staniford, M's.P., to the Minister of Agriculture (Hon. T. Biitterfield) on Tuesday. ' The deputation asked that, failing free passes, concessions should be allowed on tickets for delegates. The speakers were Messrs. Ayres (presi dent) and' Rowell (secretary). .The Min ister promised to give the matter con sideration. The. western Australian Minister for Lands (Mr. W. C. . Angwin), when inspecting one ' of the group set- ! tleinents . in the Denmark district , on Saturday , found families living in one room 12 ft. by 12 (ft. He imme diately dispatched an urgent telegram to Perth ordering that iron sufficient to pro vide additional accommodation for each, of seven families comprising the group should be sent forthwith. The Minister said* that was. the'onty unsatisfactory feature he found, and that other ivise the settlers were well satisfied. The new. Banking Bill which Dr. Page wil'l -introduce shortly in the House of -?ep-' resentatives will, it js stated .in political ? circles, contain provision for a temporary i issue of new Common weaLth notes to meet' the periodic shortages , in currency. The views of outside financial experts appear to have* prevailed with the Government in spite _oT the opposition of the Notes Board. | Private 'banks will be required to pay 5 per' cent, interest for temporary . extra ac commodation given 'by the issue of notes. The proposal, in view is, in part, the adop tion of the Canadian system. The Minister, of Immigration (Hon. -A. A. Kirkpati-ick) stated last week that «' further contingent of 47 British boy Farm apprentices are ? due 'to arrive on June 19. Farmers, pnstoralists, gardeners and other rural employers who desire to secure these lads should make early appli cation to the Director of Immigration. As soon as sufficient implications are received, the boys will be allotted, and the prospec ' . i.'i ? tive employers advised. 'After the'tirrlival of this coutingent,'-' added Mt.Kivkr»trick. r the. .Government will, as already- an nounted concentrate on 'the nominated system.' In regard to the comments by .the South Australian. Minister ' of Agriculture (Hon. T. Butterfield) on the remarks by Mr. M. F. Troy (Western Australian1 Minister of Agriculture), in connection with the letter's refusal to lift the em bargo on the importation of cattle from South Australia on account of the danger of pleuro-pneuirionia, Mr. Troy did 'not mention 14 districts in South Australia' in proximity to the Western Australian, goldfields. He said that 14 districts ot'| South' Australia in proximity to the trans Australian line were affected with pleuro pneumonia, '? . ' . ? . After being in England for some time matching the interests of Messrs. John Darling & Son ; the well-known grain mer chants, Mr. L. Darling is- travelling to Melbourne by the R.MjS: Osterley, which arrived at the- Outer Harbor on Saturday ? from .London. While in England he paid ; a -visit- to' the Empire : 'Exhibition, an^: *-as.' favorably impressed -with ? the Aus'j tralian section. He vvas: particularly . in-., terested in the exhibition affectine- the grain trade.; There, he said, bread was being made in the view, of the. public- from Australian wheat.'; , A miniature- mill was established, and the flour turned out and handed -over- to the baker'. ? -..?'?'? Mr. ' R. P. Carman, aged 19,^ a resident osE Thomae^treet, Nails worth, w);as walk ing along King Williani-stroet south about' 6 o'clock' on the night of; May' '27, Vlien' he found a Ixig, which contained cheques vahied at £1,000, and other Jxipera. He took the propeyty . to..- the '??'. Qty Watch.-: house, and had not complete: the. formali ties 'of1 lianding it .over . before ?: it : : was claimed .by . an . employe -d j the: Master' iJiitchers' Association., .The. Jaitter ; stated tliat he . was taking : the .bag and - its, .con tents to. his home, at1' Westbourhe'. Park; when it fell off a tram. -He f congratulated Mr. Carman on his- action and expriwed gratitude for h;e promptitude : in pjacing the property in the Ihands of the police.' The Automobile Association of South Australia has been; advised . that ; a' -new crossing has been made over- the ? Crys tal Brook Creek, on the road .used by motorists from Port Pirie to Adelaide via Merriton and Redhill. By going across the stream now at : right angles there should -be a, safe crossing,' even when there is a moderate : flood. The cierk of the D strict Council'' of Wi! lunga has ' advised that - part of the Kangarilla-road near McLaren. Vale; known 'as the Swamp-road, is1 in a: very bad condition. Motoriste are advised not to attempt this road at night. The. Local Government Department 'proposes 'to re construct the Swamp-road 4n the near fu ture. , ? ' - ' ' . Tenders will be called at an early data for the purchase of H.M:A.S: Taircania (formerly the Protector), the Una;, and H.MjS. Fantome. The Protector was built ibr the South Australian Navy, and -when ehe arrived from England about 40 -year* ago was .the ; most ? heavily equipped ? vessel in Australia. -She saw aetive ; service ??: in -Chinese ' waters during the ttoxer rebellion, but has no actual ; fighting recoi'd. She i» at present atta-hed- to the Flinders Naval Depot. Originally a ^German- Governor's yacht (the Komet) , the tJna ? was seized by the Australian Navy in New' Guinea, waters during the Great War.. ? Th* Fantome is a sloop' which had been doing survey work' for the Admiralty. The Customs revenue for the' 11. months ended May dhows a surplus df 456,023,397 over ? the- estimate for the 11- months. '. Qom- paring May tihis' year with -3a«t the in crease is £489^792, and comparing' the last 11 months with the corresponding term of last year the increase is £2,756,751. AH the States show- an increase but the Nor thern Territory fell from £972 to £131 for May this- year, compared.. with, the same month last year. '„ The. Nejy South Wales figures are:— May, 1923, 'jei;303J91; May, 1924, £1,482;853; for the 11 months ended May, 1923, £13,838,037, 'and for the coiTeaponding period of 1924, £14,936,829. The South Australian figures are: — May; 1923\. £234,342; May, 1924. £342 042; 11 months ended; May, 1923, £2,589:295, arid corresponding period of -1924, £2,943,3K. Sir Herbert Nicholls (Chief Jusdse of Tasmania) has been on sick leave for .'bur months. The administrator (Mr. Justice Ewing) has undergone a serious oparition, ?and is likely to remain in hospital for some time, consequently the whole of the judicial work has devolved on Mr. Justice Crisp: The result is that the Supreme Court work hns so accumulated that Mr. Justice Crisp has deamed it to be his duty to ouble to fiir Herbert NiclidKs, at the Grosvenor Hotel. Sydney, apprising him of the posl ticn:' He is luopeful : of ' receiving a reply that the Chief Justice will be able to re sume duty. It is because of pressure of work that the case of' G.. Wv Smith against the Grown for £3,200 damages has had to be further postponed : till 'August 5.' In the meantime the maintenance .allowance by the IStnte to Mr. Smith of £10 a week has to be continued. y Speaking at a social. gathering in connec tion witfli the Australaan Federated Plumbers' JJnion at the Trades Hdl on Saturday night, the Minister- of Industry (Hon. L. L.' Hill) said when he took over the control of the Department of Industry he found things in a disgftiicoful staite:; Ha had had in front of him a pile of claims relating to differences between unions and the late Government. ' The new (Jovein ment had seen that there .was an all-round recognition of fair wages .oi'-'eix&'byee in the Government service and in couhection with the basic watre that the a^waird of the ?^ouvt; applied to xorkmen in ttift 'Ciraritry as well as those in the city. -There was njready Fiiffieient difficulty in induein«'men to 'go to work in the. country,. and. if ', they we're to receive less wages' there than jn the city they would ndjturaUy remai.n in the city, and thus aR^rav.'te the ceaitraiisa^ tlon-nnd unemployment troubles, . . ? - The next meetino; df the Federal Viti-' cultural Council will be held in' Ade'aWe,' conianenoing ori- June 16, wlieii dfleiates, from each of the States -,vi_l ' be ivvesent.' The South Australian ' association h^s ar ranged -the follrtwint programme to fo'low the meetinc on the opening day:— Tues-v day. .June 17— Vit:c'ultural C.onpres«. ,«t :? which napers of interest' to vianerons wHl | be read qnd vitiiultural subjecti discussed. Wednesday. June 18— Tast'nt of Wines en. ter'-d for the wine coninotitioh at; the Royal Agricultural Society'* kic»k at the ; Jubilee Fxh'Sit\ofi Grourt'ls, ? Thursday, . June 19— Attend Royal Agricultural Society's pruning competition at. 'Mcb rs. Revnel! A Co.'r vineyards at Reynela. Friday, June 20— Visit Clare and Water vale, districts. : -The. annual- dinner 'of 'the' South, Australian, aasoeia- tion .?will be held-. on June 17; when the Visiting delegates will be present. ?'.. Although the supply of cattle at the Abattoirs market on Monday was well. over 100 less tlian last week, there was more beef in the 1,624 head submitted at Monday's sale. llie majority were derived fram the Far North, but the middle north, Queensland, New South Wales, and the Diamentina were all represented. Practically the whole of the yarding was made up of ox beef. Numerous consignments were on the heavy side, but in most cases the condi- ! tion was suitable to trade requirements. The selection of handy weights was smaller and cows 'and calves were -^career than usual. Local trade ..demand' was fairly strong, b«t owing to the heavier offering' sales' were quieter and values for suitable classes ruled slightly below those of last ?week. ? Competition later was assisted by a fairly large country enquiry, and .quotatipns for best sorts were maintained, and a hardening tendency was noticeable toS'airds the close. Heavy {bullocks and middling classes, however, were cheaper throujfhout. ' . ' ' 1- Archbishop .Ke-ly-,- in ' an address at the., annual conference of the .Catholic Kdu rational- Association, complained of dif- ' ferentiation, under the State ed.ucat-onal system between teachers in .Catholic schools and those' in .'public- ;' schools. Catholics; he said, were penalised because they had religious instruction 'in their schools. 'Why should you not be' free?' ; he said, 'to. graduate in the . University as can - teachers in. the - public instruction .depart ment? -In your love- of' God and children you want to perfect yourselvas, but you are ; penalised in that regard .; ? To tqieni these benefits are free: You -have to pay j'o'ur. feeS The,bloodof the country is .Pp. .the. souls, of 'those before 'God who minimise the opportunity df i religious training for the rising .-? generation. To that we ascribe the numbers of divorce* and the ywious symptoms of socsial decay which we know exist.' The Mercantile Trade Protection Asso ciation reports that probate has been granted in: respect to the foljo\ving wills, : the 'amounts Deing the i gross value of the estates , in each case:— Margaret Bray,; Adelaide, £500; Herbert Conyers, : St: Mom*, £2;O00;. John Eli ' Davis, Mount Barker, £1,250- E!i:za Jane Dunn, Charleston, £3,OD0; James Featherstone, j Mcningie, £2,200; William 'Mackie F.ris- ' sell ' Fothergill, Semaphore, £2,650; Anton Kitschke, Cano;vie Belt, £8,300; Terence O'Loughlin, Parkside, £4,500; Alfred! Ernest Albert Alexander ' Ross, Glenelg, ; £6,000; Annie - Mackay Thyne; -Perth, | £1,100; Hhoda Torr, Mitcham, £500; Frederick George Watkihs,' Henley Beach, £1,000. Letters of Administration:— Eliza- beth 'Cashmore, Magill, £590; Jariet Carl son, Clarence Park, £650; Isabella ' Court neyv North Adelaide, £950; Emma iSeliaa Jenkins, Queenstofrn, £600; William Joseph Willis,' Riidleyton, £1^75. Commenting on the statement by Mr. R. Polkinghorne, one ;Of ; New South Wales' delegates at the Australian Fruit | Council Conference in Melbourne,; that Mr. j Clapp (chairman' of the Victorian Rail-j ?ways^.GomniissiQnerft) -was -the only mau ; in Australia : doing something practical -to j induce pe6ple: to consume more fruit, thej ..Western Australian Director, of Agrkul- i ture (Mr. G.: L. Sutton) said that Colonel Pope (Commissioner of Railways in Wes tern Australia) had introduced a travell ing fruit' shop,- operating from siding to siding along parts of the railway system, special fares being granted to growers: travelling on the train. He afterwards enabled fruit to be sent direct by pas senger trains from grower, -to consumer at a maximum freight rate, of 1/6 per 56 lb up to 1,000 miles. Ten thousand cases were carried under this scheme in the 1923 season, and this season -there' had so far been 19,000 cases. The Commissioner also made himself responsible for de liveries. . : ' Should an aviator desire to fly from' Adelaide to Charleville, in Queensland, at ..present, it 'yould be necessary for him to travel by sray of Sydney and Brisbane. For some months, however, the prepara tion of an air route between Charleville and Cootamundra. (New South ' Wales), a .distance of 925 miles, has been in . hand, and when it . is completed nearly 600 miles ori such a journey will be saved: Aerodromes and emergency landing grounds have been selected, and the »rork of clearing, -levelling, and marking surfaces was started a month later. Beginning at the Queensland end the following land ing grounds have now been prepared:— Mangalore, Wyandra, Cuimamulla, ' Emi goina, ' Grass Hut, Bourke, Maroona, Wadell's Tank, Byrock, Girilambone, Nyngan, Nevertire, and Narromine. When these are completed, an Adelaide aviator wishing to reach Charleville . will be able to fly to Cootamundra via Mildura. Hay, and Narrandera, then direct to Charle ville, via Bourke. .Referring to the request made by jurors at the Criminal Sittings that their fees should be increased at least to; 13/8 per day, the Attorney-General (Hon. \Y. J.' Denny) stated last week:— /'It certainly is absurd that jurors who are engaged in isuch important .and responsible, worlt -should' not be paid a fee at least equal to the basic wage. Surely 'the laborer is worthy of his hire,', and it is regrettable that the Statute fixes a dennite rate. Consequently before any change can Ce made J,he Statute will have to be amended. What ought to have'- been' done .by Par liament was to .. allow the!. ..Govern ment to fix. fair and reasonable rates of remuneration , to jurors, which pro- '. bably would increase 'and possibly di-i minish as time goes on. Of course, i there are many people who argue that; jurors being summoned to take part in; the administration of justice are not ex-; pecte'd to be completely remunerated .for : their services as they arc exercising a public, duty, but if.' remuneration -is1 to be paid it ought' to be at least adequate. The Government will certainly take early steps to rectify the matter.' ^ j The City Council's traffic regulations come in for much criticism . at times, and none receives more condemnation from mo torists than' that which prescribes half an hour as the utmost time a 'vehicle may be left Btanding in a street. ; Visitors frorii the country are the chief offenders, and ' they learn of the existence of that by-law as a: result of a cordial invitation to- contribute to the city revenue. They are informed of the length of time a vehicle owned by them has been sta tionary, and are given the alternatives of contributing a stated amount to the city rates or facing a magistrate in ' the Police Court. As a contribution^ to' the rates ia cheaper and Jess inconvenient the coun- . tryman usually corriplies'-with the' demand. As one.; disgusted visitor, to- Adelaide, -who had paid jhe stated amount; said last week . that is the best way to' keep people out of the city. He 'added that ltvwbuid be a. lesson .to him not to come to Ade laide to make.' his purchases, and ] his . example would be copied by other country motorists. Motorists generally would like an extension of the time limit to an hour, I which, they say, would meet modern busi ness conditions better. They sympathise with the council's difficulties in prevent ing congestion of traffic in the principal ! streets, but suggest that every interest I needs consideration in solving the pro blem, which may be done best by a com- ' promise. Though he will be only seven years old nt the end of June, a boy. 'residing at WnyviKe. who was charged with being an uncontrollable child In the IStote Children's Court on Saturday morning, has . a bad record. Last week he wont ; to . a wa str coat by the roadside at .Way.ville, the pro perty of a Tramways.. Trust emp'oye, work-, ing on the hue,, and removed o /watch and . chain; which' he took to. .Kesjviois and at tempted, to seir at a «nop- Thei^ . he stole -a cash-bo's, containing £o, from a ehaff merchant's office at Keswiisk; tie. could not get it a\yay iminedioteiy; so Ind it. be- hind a bag,- where it was discovered. On May 30 he stole a linesiiian's : telepHone o'utiiit' on Pafk-terf'ace; Vidyvilie, 'took it'. to: KeEwiek, and was trying 'to sell 'it when ^ Constable Ghilmaii, of tihe Goodwood p_oHce; came on the , scene. : He had beeo living- i'u the: Goodwood area only d month, but in'that time the constable recovered' from him a bicycle taken- from Parkter race- ,- a, ; perambulator,' taken from the Goodwood lidilway t-tatiou; and £10, the . '.' remainder of £14; which: he stole itoia a man's pocket.' ? He' rides abdut in 'the train -arid aiwajB Appears ?. to have ? money. '. THe seems, an iritelihgent youngster, but the jaw presumes, him . to ' ?; be ' too young i. to know right from wfong. .Therefore . he cpiiid not .be. charged :'j-rjtTi;steHliug. the articles, but. only with being aii.uncon'troHabie xhild. Mi'.. L- H. 'Ha^lam, S.M., described him fts a. 'problem,' and committed ? him to the reformatory for three mouths. .' Though the manner of birth of the kan- garoo was long ago solved, to the satisfac- tion of scientists, there are still old bush- men who are at variance with them, and who cite instance which they say prove that the embryo kangaroo first makes its appearance on the teat of the doe. On Monday Mr. J. H. Cowling brought to 'The Chronicle' office an embryo kan- garoo, about an inch in length attached to the nipple of a female. The specimens were preserved in spirits, and were ob- tained by Mr. Norman Ford, of the Scenic Hotel, Norton's Summit, during a visit to Burra. Mr. Cowling took the specimen to Dr. L. J. Pellew, who communicated with Professor Wood Jones, of the ana- tomical school at the University. When asked about the matter on Tuesday, Pro- fessor Wood Jones said there was noth- ing novel in the specimen, and there were many like it at the University. The birth of the kangaroo has been thrashed out long ago,'' he said, "and no good will be , done by reopening the discussion. There are some cranks who persist in arguing that the young kangaroo forms on the nipple of the doe. Kangaroos are born in the same way as other animals, and the young are transferred to the pouch and nurtured on the breasts of the doe". The' Commissioner of Crown Lands ?( Hon. T: liutterdeid), ax:companied by the &ir-; veyo'r-General (Mr- T. E. Day), and .Mr. j; A. Fraser la member of the Pastoral. Board) leit ? on AVeduesduy. on a tour of the western' and ^northwes tern pastoral ? areas. The object of: thia trip is to see the pastoralists in: the out back .aroas, and to ascertain- if -it would be poserble to open up more of the country by providine. inCTeased '-.vater supplies.- Tbi party will ? travel ? to Oodnuda-tta liy ti-ain, which ?rill be reached on Friday^ night. They wiU carry wit their hispection by motor car and return by the East-West railway. The .trip will probably occupy1 a fortnight, ^fter leaving Oounadatta on Saturday . morning the party1 will proceed by way of liwl-uJkinna -to the Flat. Rock, at the foot of the Musgrave Ranges. Ale turniiig to Iudulkinna. they, will then move : .,. : in a southerly direction via Wintinna.and Appreetinna .to Arkaringa, and' thence to Wairina on the Great Xorthei'n railway line. . After following the. iine to the Anna Creek -station the party will strike west to the Sbuart Range opal fields, ar riving there about June. IS. ? Fr6m there they will travel southward to the East West railway, which they will join at either Tarcoola or Kingooniya, according to the state of the tracks. The Minister expects to return to Adelaide about June 18\. ...'?'? The following is an extract from the 'Tra'de iConunissioners dis)»tch, ? dated London, April 30:-- The market position for butter has undergone a great . .'change' ? since ? lost I reported, and prices have sharply advanced, ' par ticularly ?'? for ' Colonial -. supply: ? Be fore £aster: the tt-ade.'- -generally ? were taking a very ? pessimistic . view, -Bind re tailers tuliy shared this' opinion. The lat ter section of- 'the trade allowed their stocks to become very; ioiv, and have by reason of the ' present advances . found chemsplyes badJy cought. A 'good deal' --f spbt'-Xemr ZeqJund butter had been with held from ' marketing under instructions froni shipiiers, while: prices were ; ruling ; low,, and this factor coupieii wita.;the big ?? gale or consumption . of butter cAo.t'.£oi lo'iyed in :the .wuke. of the cheap retail prices, viz., approximately 1/6 o lb: cleared. up available s^)Ot stocks much more readily than' 'was figured'' tin; ~ In1 ' uddrliqn .- the cheaper- i)riees idling for'1' '.Danish'. ; oiid :Dutch butter' has ailowed of heavy Continental bujine, so that the position all. round has become muph more stable. The^- oi-inion i is beld ' that the present ad- ? yauco:wf. prices: »'iii hold' gou-d i'or some. tveeks, end' no' decline.' is looked for until the flush ,01 ; the ; Irish and Continental production comes about. The statistical position' at the moment is . quite :, sound, and goes to show that takina export from New Zealand and Australia from July last, nnd estimating fiji'.^Aiiril, May and June this year. New Zealand is down on export approximately 13jyW tons, ond \- Auctralia appruxiiiiately 10,500 tons, equal to almost 1,000,000 boxes. Hitherto the timber : gro ?m in ; the- Pinua insi'gtiJe ' plantations- in- Sc-uMj Australia, which, now cover nearly 9,O'J0 . acr -s, ? ha» been used -in a green eond.tion j'hi'. fly. ,f or boxinaking, but.it. is felt .by the Forests Department that such timber will soon command a more important place in the * State's production, . and that it ? will in time serve to s'oduce largely the impor^ tatiohs of oregon and Baltic pine. it ia pointed, out that in* the paiat ah unfair !;f' - -- ? ' ? ? ? '? '-rr- ??- — Comparison Has been, made ^etweeo the ^iipofted pine ?' timber, whuili .:is seasoned, eaad' iilie' unseasoned local iimber^ but ,ex perlpxeaiff are proving that byju5n,--lryingj md' seasoning 1&e; South Australiaifl-igrown Pihus ?insignia is Quite equal ,'to.: the Best fniiported article oiv.the marfceCfp^/buUd iitg putj-o'se3. The percentage- »f moisture extracted iii the kilns lias been' up tp. 57 per- 'cent. In a 16-day kfln-dryinjg pro cess 'fnoisture in this class of timber was reduced' by from 36 to. 51 per' cent,,. and: tliSjt elimination of 'moisture will r; bring it within the range of usefu'jiess-for buiM ing-., purposes. . The indications ' 'point . to a 'considerable quantity of softwood being made available from' the Government xilan tations, .where a large proportion of. the trees are ready for the mills. During the pointing Season aboue 2,000. acres' of Finua iiisigh!(6. will be planted by the . Forests .Peiiairtrment, under the direction., of the Conservator - (Mr. -E. Julius) . '.;-.-.. .'The Minister of Agriculture (Hon. T; Butterfiel) stated last week that hi* at tention has- been called to the statement irisde hy the .local Minister of A-gricultuie and; telegraphed from Perth, last .week* ?giving the alleged reason for refuging the request of the goMfields people for the re7 in oval of the restrictions against the im portation of cattle from South .AuscwJia. The' Acting Chief Inspector of Stock for TVe'stern Australia was reported to have mtoimed the Minister that; 14 localities in. South Australia in -proximity, to . tlie goIdfteJds. were . affected by pletiropneu mon£a,.,;inxl had expressed the : view..1 that anjr removal! of the restrictions w-qa'td-j.inr vbtve great' danger of plcuro bein^, intrp diuced into, ,; Western ^A-Qsiyaliav -.-? ?. Mr.. BiitterfieM said, he had en-iuii!,ed of tlie Chief Inspector of Stock. invrespect to iahiff statement, and was adyispd .that it was absolutely incorrect. Tbe nearest- pfoces to the Western Australian border where njiy outbreaks had .occurred- were Gordon, Wilmington and Oradock, dating back to 3923\. Thnt-faet.ntust.be well known to the Western Australian Chief Inspector, who -must also, be aware. that.notie,.of them were within .500 'miles of the W«3tern Aus tralian border, or 900 miles from the gold fields.., 2Co disinterested person could.-doubt that, uiider proper supervision fa fc' cattle frtfni ihe~tfestern' district? of Sfoaith. Aus^. tralia could be admitted witji pfcriect safety fof-itninediiate slaughter at Kolgoorlie. and that Whatever the reason of the Western Australian 'Government for prohibiting 6otith Australian entile going to '.the. gold^ fields precautions against disease could not be_ px-cepted as a legitimate ' one. Hecehtly the Minister of Souiang (Hon. W; tfl Denny) drew attention to. the de pif&bfeueSs; Of tree- plantine' oii roads, such as' -ivsjs proposed ..on the thoroughfare ' be tween . Qeelong and Melbourne, and : last week the Minister said he had received communications from the' South-East in regard to the panting of trees 'on roads'. The Gambier 'West Council had written, siajingthat its attention had heen dri.vn' to iiia remarks on tree-planting, ,aad that it was anxious to plant on aivenu&'of trdes in. '.'.memory of- fallen soldiers. '.. It; asked for ;' the 'co-operation ,of the Gofrofiinierit. The' rcoihmunication had bfeeii forwarded to tli-j Town-planner (Mr. W. Scptt Grf fithsT, who . had furnished a report' ' in' which ;he.~hg:d suggested the planting ;bi\ various' varieties .of gums, which ; should beVsupplied free of cost. ' These included. ''Rodwayi' (Tasmania) and 'MaiftartEaii'; (New South Wales) gums, very shapsly in gcowth; the Tuart.and Yate guma Qt Western' lustraliaj and the . Tssrmanian . blue gum and the; South. Australian.' ',' 'red. gwni.;. Other suitable trees were the Buh'yaBun^a pine, a Western Aiistraran. flowering gum, and the Kurragbng.. ~ ThS ?ijgjestlonB in regard to the best varieties for,planting were being forsrarded ''ip vv-e council. The Mount Gambier . .Corpora tion., had . also applied for 6,000 Remark able pinea, and the Conservator of Forests (,ifr. E. Julius) liad l-ecommended' that they be allotted, tnrough. the Tovrnplfin ner, * in . accordance %vith an approved: scheme of ' tree-planting. 'Let us hope-,' added the Minister, 'that -rtber corpota tions and district councils will take smiila? aetipii, and the Government will be xileased at all times to render all the assistance pos aib'le. 