PREFERENCE AND PROTECTION. Prime Minister Mr. Bruce is making a rather large noise in England, and if he ca.: achieve any good for Australia in particular, and the British Empire in general, so much the better for every one concerned. But when we get down to bedrock, what is it he desires for Australia ? I doubt whether there are many here who have, seriously considered what preference for Australian imports would entail for the British consumer. At the present moment, England is the most heavily taxed country • in the world, with over a; million. and a quarter unemployed. Does it seem likely; that she will be able to buy in any but the cheapest markets? And with the high cost of production in this country, and the great distance from the United Kingdom, what preference could she give Australia without penalising herself ? Certainly none oh foodstuffs, and there are only canned and dried ; fruits remaining. Australian wool retains preference without any tariff ; adjustments, and will do for years to come. Judging", however, by-Mr. Brucc's-•••latest utterances at Lincolnj it appears as if he is one.of,.those too previous people who con- . sider that the immediate role of Australia ; is that of a manufacturing country, with i primary products as a side line. "Australians," he says, "are not to be hewers of wood and drawers of water for the rest of the world." He is so far-right in. his statement if we refuse to admit that those who are engaged in agricultural pursuits are the " helots of the race. What healthy, ablebodied man would prefer to be cooped up in a flour mill or a soap factory rather than to live the open air life of a farmer or a fruit grower? And who will maintain that the town dweller is any better off at the end of a year, either in health or pocket, although he may have had a more exciting time? There is only one kind of preference in the world that will benefit this country, and that is the preference of other people for the best and cheapest goods they can find. It is of little use talking as if those things which are produced by the colored labor were beneath contempt. What the laborers in South America or the countries border- ing on the Mediterranean elect to work for is by no stretch of imagination the concern 01 people 111 this country. The Indian coolie, with his rupee and a half a day, is, according to his Own estimate, quite as well off as the worker in Australia, with his high rates of pay and the still higher prices he has to give for the commodities he needs. And the Indian is the best judge of what constitutes reasonable comfort for a native of India. All this Internationalism with which the world is infested with at the present time—British territory especially—is simply leading the various nations to anarchy and disruption. , It resolves itself into a gratuitous meddling with other people's business, when the most evident fact is that we cannot manage our own. As a rule, the Internationalist is a patriot of every country but his own. : Mr. Bruce says that Great Britain is hopelessly industrialised, and 3'et Australian Governments, the Federal in particular, by means of their extortionate and senseless tariffs, by their huge borrowings, which are spent almost entirely in the cities, and by the heavy taxation, are doing all in their power to drive men off the land for the sole benefit of the manufacturers. Great Britain is over industrialised. One only has to travel from London to York to realise the amount of agricultural country, given up to light grazing, in fact, anything but- intensive culture. You ma}^ go for miles without seeing a . single soul. • W.e ' have' the same state._.6f..affairs here ; the capital .cities with their hundreds. . of thousands, and the outback comparatively deserted. And although 'we are self supporting, so far as food goes, yet at what a price. There is hardly an article amongst primary products, with the exception of wool and wheat which have to be sold in the world's markets, which is not double the price it should be. This is the result of the high tariffs, and the consequent congestion in the coastal cities. And in spite of the additional immigration, with the exception of Western Australia, there is no expansion of primary industries, quite the reverse. What I wish to emphasise is this; What else, other than primary products, can Australia hope to export? With her excessive costs of production, and the great distance from the European markets, what chance has she with such countries as the Argentine, Canada, Denmark, and Holland? Only the other day I read that Australian butter cannot be sold in England unless it is sold as Danish. And to enable it to be sold at the same price, the consumer here has to pay sixpence to eightpence more a pound. Even the small amount of business of an Interstate nature is to a great extent curtailed by the poor quality of the work performed. Tasmania, for instance, complains that the locomotive engines obtained from South Australia have been in the workshops for repairs the best part of the time, with the result that next time she requires engines she will go to England for them, in spite of tariffs. NO TARIFFS CAN BOLSTER UP BAD WORK. Instead of looking on the other side of the world for markets, why do we not take advantage of those which lie almost at our very door? There is an unlimited market in the near East for a great many of the small lines we produce, if not for pianos and locomotives. Jams, butter, cheese, fresh and dried fruits, honey, olive oil, leather, soap and candles are all articles for which there is an increasing demand, in addition to many others. Other countries—America especially—are taking every means to secure the trade, and in the course of a few years our opportunity will be lost. Traders 'in this country should awake to the fact that any business worth having must be sought out on the spot, and the consumers' requirements studied in detail. Old fashioned conservatism must be relegated to the limbo of the past if trade is to be sccured. Methods which might please the white races are mostly taboo; with the Oriental. By alljiieans let Australia do all she can to supply her own needs. There is little sense in sending wool to England to be sent back here as made immaterial. But before she can hope to capture even the whole of the trade, the quality of the manufactures will have to go up, and thg prices will have to come down. The whole of this continent holds very few more people than does the county of Lancashire,, so that the entire market is not illimitable, but if the agricultural areas were more plentifully populated, so that the creation of provincial towns was encouraged, the volume of trade would increase by leaps and bounds. At present all the business is compelled by the various Governments to filter into the capital cities. Perhaps no great object lesson could be afforded the people of Australia as regards the enormous price they pay for protection than the difference in the contract prices for rolling stock between those for local manufacture and those from overseas. In spite of freight, insurance, and duty, it means roughly a saving of half a million in money, and about three years in time. IS THE GAME OF TARIFFS WORTH THE CANDLE? 