THE WEEK AT A GLANCE. QUEENSLAND. THURSDAY, June 25. The sixth annual conference of the Queensland Butter and Cheese Factory Managers' Association was commenced yesterday, in the Union Bank Chamoers, when the desirability of the adoption of ft system of technical education for -tac fory managers, of herd testing, and of ft uniform grade of butter, was str?Wd. • The Associated Chambers of Commerce at Rockhampton yesterday passed ft motion supporting the proposal for the establishment of a consistent Common wealth cotton policy, based upon the. pay ment of a bounty and* the elimination of Government control aa*d restrictions. ' More heads Ltd. made a net profit of #19,726/8/9 for the : past ■ year. " ' The-Commonwealth authorities have de clared Queensland to be a plague infected State. _ At the monthly meeting of the Town Planning Association of Queensland last night, his Excellency the Governor 'Sir Matthew Nathan), who presided, suggest ed that steps should be taken to 'naifttur ate a standard design of dwelling, suit able to all Queensland conditions. The English Soccer team yesterday de feated North Queensland, at '• Bundaberg, by nino -mis to nil. During the past fortnight over 14in. >f rain has fallen at Buderim, making a total of 84 infhea for the year, or Win. above the average annual rainfall for the dis trict. .Toward* the- latter end of last week torrential ruins caused considerable damage to banana plantation* at the west ern end of the mountain. Heavy losses to growers of French beam were also re ported. . . ■ H.M&. Delhi will arrive in Australia from the Mediterranean station, on or •bout January 1, IM6J and HM.AJ9. Brisbane will exchange with her, and Will leave on November 15. \- During the hearing of a case before the 7ull High Court, tt wa*. stated in •rflu jfcent that the station' from which cer tain stock came, had an area of 800' •qtarc miles. Counsel added that 1000 •payed cows had been in a paddock,' Whose area was 90 square- miles. There is very good reason for saying that the Labour Party managers are pre gtaring for an appeal to the constituencies in- November, or earlier if' an opportune aaoment present* itself. 'On Saturday last the Mount Morgan Company received notice that tho various Unidns interested had moved to vary the Arbitration Court award for an altera tion of hours from 48 to 44, and an in crease in the hourly rates of U<l. per. hour. ' The manager of the Mount Morgan ferine is seeking a compulsory conference ' to disclose to the men's representatives the gerious financial losses during the fast three years, amounting to £300,000. He cons.ders it inconceivable that the men would disturb the present position when seized of the fact?. • • A remarkable railway mishap is re ported to have occurred on the North Coast line, where a four-wheeled waggon had jumped off the Hue and on again.. About half way between Miva and Sex ton, a goods train ran into .some cattle last night, and the engine and. two trucks were derailed. Whifet shunting operations were in pro gress at Mackay railway station yester day, an empty waggon left the rails re sulting in a serious delay to passenger traffic. , The third triennial report of the ex students of the Manly Seminary, Sydney,/ disclosed that since' its inauguration 382 priests had been ordained. . An outstanding feature at the Roek hnmpton Show is the Mount Larcom dis trict exhibit, the products of which are excellent, despite the prolonged ' dry season. The quality of the farm produce and fruit in other sections was excellent. Merino Wool was'exhibited in competi tive classes, in which five Wester* stations were represented. In the poultry section there was a number of Southern competitors. . ' Representatives of Commodity- Boards met in Brisbane yesterday, when resolu tions were adopted providing that boards should have the right t> nominate their representatives to the Agricultural Coun cil from among their own selected repre sentatives, that all levies, with the excep tion of those necessary to establish a fund for administration expenses, shall cease to be collected, and that all ex penses shall be paid out of the funds of the board on a pro rota basis; that any Administration expenses required by the Council of Agriculture from Commodity Boards be fixed on a voting basil witfiiri the council on a ratio of total output of each industry. The public bodies in the Tweed River district intend holding a protest meet ing against the -issue of the new regula tion under which the duties on banana! if to be on the weight of the fruit alone, instead of on the fruit and the stalk as at present. The Cane Prices Board and representa tives of the Mulgrav'e, Babinda, Hamble don, and Mossman, yesterday, at Cairns, discussed the problem of overproduction' .of sugar, before the board proceeded to make awards. It was generally conceded that the posi tion as to surplus was not 00 serious as originally estimated, and that a prolific season, added to the stability afforded by the. Commonwe-itth Government in ex tending the embargo, had caused addi tional areas to be cultivated: Some of this, with the lower price", would' go out of crop. . Several speakers at the conference held that with a thorough investigation of .the power aicohoi selieme not ouly would the over-productiou tfclieme pass away, but ni? important new industry would be ?*• tabliflhed. - ■ . The colliery proprietors of tho West !Mpreton district have a«ked the em ployees to agree to an'alteration iv the of working to provide for starting at 8 a.m. and nnighing at 4 p.m. The rate notices of the KiHcivan Snire teerc only, issued last mouth, and already £790Q has been paid in. This is equal to 70 per ceut. of the total rate*. The timber-getters of the Kukivan dis triet hava formed a uniofi, with Mr. J H. Baxter as president. . The Northern Political Arftociation, TownsviMe, has endorsed the candidature of Dr. L. W. Nott, of Mackay, in opposi tion to Mr. . iB. G. Theodore for tho Herbert scat in the Bouse of .Represen tatives. ••■•.■•• Following the dismissal of two em }>loyees on the erection of the State wire* es# plant ill Brisbane, 20 builder*' lab ourer* ceased, work yestefday," as they. Alleged that the men were discharged without just cause. -. ' # At the Albion Park races yesterday SilMtre won the Park Plate,- with Hartfly ana Flying Mulka in the Htcond and thirl pomtions. T4ie Park Purse fell to Ear drop,-with Wahtumba second, and Evora Lass third. • At the Rockhampton racing carnival yesterday. Mystery Lad won the Rock hampton Cup from Sim Dallas, who was half a length in front of Cheveley. All Gold secured the Shorts Handicap, and Calgary the Welter Handicap. The party of New Zealand bowlers now in vQueeiuland played a- Booroodabin team ?n the local ground, and were beaten by 20 points. \ A public meeting at Mcandarra urged the further extension westward of the Tara-Surat railway, and a deputation has been appointed to wait on the Minister for Railways regarding its construction. Charles Ampher, who was being brought from Punjab to Burketown, and was missed about 3D miles from Burke town, has been found by'a teamster, in a very weak state. He is now in the Burketown Hospital. - FRIDAY, June 26. His Excellency the Governor, Bft Matthew Nathan, yesterday inspected the • progress of operation* at the New Town Hall. He remarked that he was greatly impressed with what he had seen. Giviug evidence before the' Pnblic Tribunal appointed to inquire into the North Coast .railway smash, Mr. J. H. Rees, the foeomotive engineer, mid he had arrived at the conclusion that something must havo got under on< of the wheels of the luggage van, and caused it to jump. A piece of the brake sboe had not yet been found, and it could have fallen in front of the wheel, and caused the de* railment. The Executive Council yesterday gavo its approval of 10 police magisterial ap pointments, including that of Mr, W. E. H. Fewgueon, P.M., Ipswich, to Brisbane aa the fifth city-police magistrate. The. Minister for Agriculture (Mr. For* ear. Smk)h) said yesterday tbait should the Commonwealth Government not be pre pared to provide a bonus for cotton as sought by growers, the Queensland' Gov ernment would gunjantce a price for the cotton grown in the forthcoming season. ■The^opch golf championship of Queens land-was won yesterday by Mr. a. R. Sinclair (of Moore Park Club. Sydney), whose total of 2M was eight - strokes better that 'of the second man, T. E. Howard, the Concord (Sydney) pro; fessional. • Owing to, the ' gonriow" and "irritation" tactics of the waterside workers, .the interstate. • shipping companies have de cided to close the port of Luanda Point. - -An application 6c a compulsory con ference has been made'Co the Arbitra tion Court,- and, pending a satisfactory settlement being arrived, at, ?ho .' further % Teasels will be sent to Lucinda~Pi>int. ' The whole of the output of the sugar from the Herbert Hirer district is' necessarily held up. ; ' - _r . ' " • _?In a recent report of the Public Service Board, it is mentioned that £100,000 is approximately the 'cost of. the sick leave in .the post and telegraph offices of the Commonwealth. Telegraphists have an average durait|op of sick leave per annum. J ojf 8.7 day« Anotlier table shows' the same class to have 65 absences for each' 190 officer*, with -la days'a year. These are other officer? who hue rather higher overage absence*, feat. ? surest proportion of these, are women". ■ The Executive Council ha« given, the' Council of the City of Hockhanopton per- missioa to borrow £K),000 by the' sale of dehevtureg for the installation of an eloc tvic light "and power system. ■. . .An Order in Council has been ironed approving of the application of the' A pprenticeship Act. so far-as it relates. to coach and body building, in the factories, and shop* district of Townsville, and. to far as tt relates to the. carpentry and joinery trades, in the factories district of Cairns. A. .Downs, farmer, saved his 'maize. and ■ PumpTtirw from mice by building n plat form on posts capped by inverted kero seue tin* for maize, ana by simply plac ing the platform direct on keroseue tins standing on the ground for the pump kin*. Mr. H. D. Hacroes&n; made it clear at a meeting of Merthyr elector* lost evening that he had no, aspirations to enter poli tics, either to .lead or to follow, but it the path of-duty gfcirfed in that direction he would, follow the. path, but the. finger post pointing the path-would have to bo" very clear. • - . • - „ ■ . .... ■ At a representative meeting of Towns* .ville •UDnQ^tew of the Northern Political Organisation it was rejrre'ted ihat " «.?ur-. cunistances still prevail in the ranks of. Parliamentarian* which influence Mr. ?Macrossan to decline the invitation ex-, tended to him to lead the party, and a sincere appeal was made to. those respon sible to sink personal feelings and uncondi tionally, assist to secure unity under, his leadership. , A private meeting of electors from Rockhanipton; Keppel. .'FH-zroy, '• Mount Morgan, and Normanby waa held at Rackhampton yesterday^ when a prayi sional executive o£ the Country.' Progres sive Party was- fornjed. Mr. King de livered ,an address, in which he. stated" tfeat the movement wa« - meeting '< with. every encouragement id Southern Queens* lakatd.l ' " ■''*' 'In the Ho« M.of Representatives yester day the Federal Treasurer (Dr. Patfe) said the real debt of the Commonwealth . now. wm . TTVt«™ount had been reduced, daring!.tbfe?i?t. two years ■ by £6.000.000, while £10.800,000 had been f spent in Bolp^ a?d. worlds. : A handsome solid gold. iigar ease, in- , scribed, was yesterday 'presented* to tho-. J Minister for Lands (Mr. M'Cormack) ; as; = a 'token of the gratitude of the oc4upvern; of arid approved . applicants ,• '' T.Bi". . honieji far his work in theiri m|crffitn' qs: vbeuibin of tae Queensland War Uotia-j , Cit * t ■ l -..'T: j ; '• . ■ •■'•■■-.. An extoedingly . proinipinK gold-bearing. * reefj $* been nncorthQd. «« the- CUbivbUU > goldjieltl, ; O?d (?arcd of W idn*.; treated" ?5:GyQip"e, returned £56.- Another .par-1 oej{ awaiting shipment i" estimated to go aor 6 otinces to ike too. '■ : . i •.,' i Thg txecut^vc Councl yesterfny iorra ttlsjr approved of the appointment of-Mf.1 Actinr JitfUac Brcnnan, to full judicial, rank. tlis' Honour, wbo will be the' : Central district judge, will visit Brisbane to be sworn uu Entries are pouring in for the forth* ? coming show of the Royal National Agri cultural and Industrial Association, and jt ia. thought that.additional accommoda* tion will have to be provjded. ,*..'.- The Prime Minister IMr. Bruce) has advised the Brisbane Tramway Trust that the application for a remission of duty on the 1500 tona of rails which irere or* dered prior to the alteration of the tariff could not be entertained. Mutton showed a rise in value* at th« Enogger* stock sales yesterday, primo qiiality realising from 3d. to «Jd. per lb.. Beef remained firm at recent fates, prims bullock' beef selling at 27/ per W01b?, and! cow beef at -23/, per lOOib. • A war memorial, which will take tb? form of a plain' shaft of some durablq material, sucli as marble or granite, i?, to be erected in the An*ac Park, Long*, reach. Only. the name* of those "who made the supreme sacrif ice will be in«! aertlwd on the memorial. Wogamia won rthc R. R. . Dawbarn Memorial Handicap at the Reckhampton carniaral yesterday, Agne*- Vnico being second, and Mj^tery ijni third. Yotinjc B%(? -won/.the Farewell Handicap, Poly ocratos.^he jfonith NoVice Handicap, and Th^hna'Mutotphrey tha Two year-old Han dicap. . -; •;-,.,' . : "The ?acehorse Mystery Lad, which won 'the Reokbainpton Cup and ran third in the. Dawbarti Memorial * Handicap, has •been sdldto a Sydney sportsman for 750 jguinens. i'■ . . r ' . The Associated Chjimber? of Commerce continued their conference nt Rockhamp ton yesterday, wltcu a resolution wag-^car* lied that any change in the present,sys tem of 'appointment of State Governors if inadvisable, and.would be detrimental to the Uest interostg of AiiKtrnlia. Cittus growers in alt districts whero damage has been caused by orange «uck iujt> bugs are1 strongly advised I>>' the experts of the Department of .Agriculture hot to neglect the winter treatment of those insects while they are in a dormant condition. Cane crushing commenced at the Race course Mill, Mackay, on Wednesday,. and the estimate for the WA^n is SoyMQ toes' Hi uugaiv The Cattle t.'rpek, Mill antici pate a tonnage of 60.000 for the season. Thu Prickly Pear Land {?omm?fl«ion has decided ou compulsory distribution of cochineal insects where- prickly pear -in fested land is Lcld oiibjett t.> clearing con ditions. Owiru; to dashing with the racing car nival there wa« only a meagre atteudaocc 'at th<; Rockhujupton Show yesterday. Chief interest centred round the dairy and beef cattle rings. Th,> Ayrshire* Vrero particularly good. # There was strong -competition in Jerseys, while the lllawarrart would liavc done credit to any bhow ring in the State. While Arthur Henry Richards and Herbert Harold Politt were driving a car from Twin Hill« into Clermont, the car ran into some ruts and overturned, in juring the occupants. SATURDAY, June 27. At the meeting of (he Brisbane and Sou\h Coast Hospital* Board yesterday a motion by Alderman M. J. Baldwin that applicationo'shonld be called for tie posi tion ofgcneral matron wan defeated. Miss Sofenson • was appointed deputy matron, subject to the condition that site obtainedv « certificate in midwifery. \ The Prices Comuikwioncr (Mr. Ferry) said to-day tint owing to a reduction in the prico of flour the cash price of bread per 21b. loaf in th« metropolitan acea had Wen reduced by Jd. to 6Jd. Frederick William Selley, chief engineer for Australasia of. the Westinghoune Brake Co. of Australasia, yesterday told the Public Tribunal inquiring into tho North Coast smash that ha was of the opinion that the wheel of tife waggon of the train left the road through «ouie hard «uk?sta nee getting under it. The Brisbane radio dealers propose to rstablyrii au A class broadcasting station <Jji Briobnue- within a moutl). The Hotel DaiiieH Ikih been sold by the Brisbane City Council for £564)00 net; Mr. James Hobson, of Saltcote. Mar nango, near MiteoeH, after exercising his racehorse, Red Metal, at work on Wednes day morning, collapsed, and died almost immediately. The jubilee of the Warwick Central School*, which were known 50 years ago as the Warwick West Boys' and Girls', •will ibe ceJcbraied on July 35. Much dUffioulty i« nut with iv as^eataining the addresses of many pujjiJs who were oa tLe lint roll in 1875. The Minister for Mines has refused an application foT a pr.o«pcetor'-s license for tb* foreshore rights «n the Greenmount bathing place for 900 yard« towards Kirra. Dr. Ciunbrae Stewart Itas received a letter from Mr. H. Wright, the Mitchell Librarian (Sydney), stating that the original of John Oxley's Journal of hjs second visit to Moreton Bay, iri Septem ber, 1824, has been dtarovcred among a lot of printed books kept apart ou ac count of their rarity- Mr. E. B. Swaym-, M.L.A., sUtcs that the State Government, under sections % 3\. and 4 of the Sugar Cultivation Act, has ample power to preveut aliens from being employed in the sugar industry by the application of the dictation teat. Probates have been granted in the es tate of Horace-B. B. Young, Buudaberg sugar plantar, £74,913, and William H. eMiawbler, Gynvpje, ironmonger, £12408. Seaman A. Jensen, of the Danish steamer Sierra Nevada, was washed over board in lorres Strait whHe a heavy s& we. ragiog and was rescued 4a minutes later none the woi«e for his experience. iucliard Thomas, aged about 50 years, ■who was awaiting hie trial for wilful nuirder, snatched a rwor from a baiter an the Brisbane Gaol yard yesterday and slashed his throat, and died a few minutes later. While exercising in a Brisbane gymna-- ? Um. M Sj^i Jack <17> & and fractured the base of hie skull. The Department of Agriculture ani Sto«k announced yesterday the result s**5 ** Pot) 1 V*1Iot? consequent on which the pool will cease to function after Junei?. * The figures were:—For the pool, .353: against the pool, 129; in lormal, «. A 75 per cent, majority was necessary to continue the pool "for a turther term of two years. * A shocking fatality took place at Ox ley yesterday, when « schoolboy named .Stephen Kelbridge. aged 9. was thrown irom « horse and draggad, hangfr.«by one loot from the stirrup, for over 100 yards. Xnc front of his scalp w a « torn off. and there wa? bardh/ a sound boae left in- his body. The erapioyee? of Finney'u Hill SUver- I*od Mine, Indooroopilly, were put 6ft* on •Monday, owintr to the weather ?ondtema rendering work in the open cut impofl uole, ond because rctimbering under ground-was neceaeary. On Thui«lay, the mau,a<ement undertook to place 22 men; but the men refused until they were as sured that all the men would 8e re cmploycd. . ' ' The New Zealand team of bowler* beat a Windsdr team yesterday by fld to 58. A team of 27 boy« from the Gardiner's road Junior Technical School, Sydney, ar rived in Brisbane last ni«ht, and will phy three football matches hero under Aus tralian' rules. Snowy Hill (&JZVs;\ knocked out Nipper Penkes (BJ%) iv the tenth round in a contest for the bantam championship of North Queensland at Charters Towers last night. Over 60 members of the Queensland Butter and Cheese Factory Managers' As sociation were shown over Gatton College • yesterday, particular interest beia? taken in the college butter factory and dairy stock. In \veicominv: the visitors tho principal of the College t'Mr. Murray) stressed the jieeil of young men. who wcro poinjr in tor the manufaftuvin? side of dairying, coining to. the college at J4 ywrs of age, v • ■ . .: ; ■ •■ r ■ • • • ai*l ei«y?n£ four or five years, He..also thought the-college should jn^tuto * whoit course for thorn interested in tap manufacturing, side of dairying. . Tue cax)«tal of the Pleyatowo Central Mill Co., Ltd., has been increased to £107,9:34 by the creation of 47,994 new shares at £1 each. Cane crushing will commence at the Morettm Central Sugar Company's % mill on July 0. It is anticipated that* the milling thin year will reach 00,000 tons. The retiring works manager of the North Ip?wieb railway workshops (Mr. J. Kobinoon) was yegterday presented with wallets of note*—one from employ ees within the workshops fence, and the other from the officers and foremen and representatives of private firms. Mr. Greer, electrical engineer, of the Department of Public Works, considers Netties' intended charge of lOd. per umY for bulk supply for a proposed electric lighting scheme for Toogoolawau far too high. The Shire Council has decided to approach the Nestle Co. and ascertain.if the wholesale price can be reduced. At a meeting of the Leichhavdt South Dingo Board, it was decided to co-operate with the West More ton Dingo Board in a proposal to appoint a committee of in . <]uiry in connection with the amalgama tion of certain Acts dealing with tho destruction of noxious animals. The financial statement presented at the last meeting of the Bpringsure Pastoral and Agricultural Society showed that ? profit of £38/12/ was made on the recent feUOW. Whilst working on a farm at Oilston, near Sotithport, John Hinde (adult) wan kicked in the stomach by a horse, and sustained severe internal injuries. Replying to a deputation. Mi*. Dunstan (Minister for State Enterprises) stated that the prosperity of the.South John* stone district justified the erection of a State hotel, and he would recommend the request to the Cabinet. Mrs. Robertson, of Winion, ono of the passeugera seriously injured in the recent sma«h near Taudur (and mother of Joan Robertson, who was kitted), was able to return to her home on Wednesday, under the care of her mother. Eighteen patients Lave now left -tbe Gympie Hospital, and eight remain. Perfect weather favoured tho official opening of the Roukhampton Buow yester day, and there was a very large attend ance. Keen interest was taken in the exhibit of wool, which was of splendid Quality, while there was good competition in the cotton «1-^ AY Juno " Tlie by-election to fill the vacancy on tiie Greater Brisbane Council, caused through the death of the late Alderman J. T. MacMinn, representing tbe Merthyr Ward, was held on Saturdny. and resulted in tbe return of Mr. A. M. Oxlade. By Order in" Council women railway gatekeepers again have been given-right of access to the Arbitration Court. There were mauy persons present at the dinner given on Saturday night at the Australian Hotel by the Queensland Foot ballers' Association to the English Soccer team. Presentations of walking sticks cut from Queensland woods were made to members of the team by the Acting Premier (Mr. M'Connack). Three persons were injured when1 two motor cars met in a head-on collision on the. Breakfast Creek roud ou Saturday afternoon. A motor car driven by Mr. Bond, of the Mount Crosby pumping station, struck a tree on Ffindera Parade at Sand- Snte yesterday, a passenger, Mrs. Rort Bond, receiving a fracture of tbe left leg In accordance with clause 13 of the Frnit. Marketing Organisation Act of 1923, the date of the aiuiuul conference has been fixed for Thursday. August 27, in Brisbane. Every local association has the privilege of sending a delegate • The population of Aitfttralta on March 31 last was 5.904,902 (3.014 189 males, 2 890,403 females), an increase compared with the previous year of 127.830. Of this total increase the excess of births over deaths accounted for 81,402, while the excess of arrivals over departures accounted for 45,928. Since the census of April 4, 1921, tbe population of Australia lias increased by 108,858 persons. Patrick Doyle, of Inswieh, alighted from a train in motion at Helidon on Saturday, and a wheel passed over the lower portion of bis body, death being instantaneous. Mr. Archie K«r~. of . tbo Q.A.T.8., rescued two ladies at Kirra Beach yester day, who were unable to swim, and who had got into deep* water. A little later the same man rescued May Tunbridge, age 15, who bad got into difficulties. A trjick of maize consigned from War wick to North BundabergV on being opened on Saturday, was found to bo Bwarming with mice. Tho Central . Cane Prices Board Heard the appeals against the award of ' the Mourilvau Local Cane Prices Board for tho Mourilyan Australian Sugar Com pany's mill at Innisfail on Saturday/ Both the growers and millers appealed, and after hearing argument the board reserved its decision. . A sample of surface mica, found seven miles from Kilcraggic «tafion, 30 milea wait of Kidsvold, was brought into Miin dubbera ou Friday, and has.been senjfc on to Sydney for a?say. In the Tallebudgera Summons Court on Friday. Dolan .Bros., butchers, were charged with mixing diseased meat with other meat, and E. JDolan was fined £30 and P. Dokm £5, with 7/6 costs, in de fault two months' imprisonment. Mrs. Minnie Sinn, who attempted to kill Henry Skecls at Gayndah by shoot ing at him with a revolver, has been com mitted for trial at Maryborough on July 30. Two derailments have taken place at the Cooioy railway station during the past few days, in each instance a goods waggou leaving the metals. The second day, of £he Lowood Show. which was postponed from last Saturday, -was held to-day, and proved very #ne cessful. Some IStQ peoplo were on the grouud. The juvenile cattle judging com petition attracted over 120 entries. The Foirymead mill at Bundaberg started crushing operations'on Thursday, but a breakdown in the machinery the same evening held up the crushing for 24 hour*. At the Beaudesert pig sales on Wed nesday, 450 pigs were yarded, and. 200 baconers were «old over the scale at Od. per Ib. Porkers realised 38/6 to'so/ at auction, and stores 26/ to 34/, while slips sold to 24/. Replying to an inquiry -as . to the amount ?f damage done by flying foxes in the board's area, the' chairman of the Warwick Pest Destruction Board stated that the amount was negligible. Despite the low price at present ruling, Tingooia (armera are compelled to cell their maize owing to the depredations of mice, which art getting more numerous. Instructions have been issued by the Lands Department for the construction of a crossing over Three Moon Creek, in the Upper Burnett district, and the plac ing of the road of access in a trafficable condition. There is a great falling-off in the quan tity of gems obtained per load at Sapphiretown, and forge quantities of sur faco wash are being put through the m v 'U* i? r * wna!l mar «'tf of profit. E. A. Neale and Co.'s general «tore at •Umbooya was totally destroyed by fire early on Saturday morning. The damaoe v estimated at £2000. At Albion Park races on Baturd«y. Fly ing Malkawon the Park Plate,-with Hartflyand Memcraft in the second and third positions. Paieran won the Park Purse, with Euroex second, and Romany Love Uiird. In beautiful weather, 8000 people wit nessed the unbeaten Toowoomba Rugby League team win narrowly from Ipswich at Toowoomba on Saturday by 18 to 13. In the Brisbane Rugby League comjte tittoiw on Saturday, Christian Brothers beat Cariton by 15 to 9, and Coorparoo won from Grammars by 55 to 10. A Townsrille Rugby football team play, ed at Rockhampton on Saturday, and beat the local team by 25 points to 16. The undefeated Gardiner- road (Sydney) schoolboys played a team of Queensland schoolboys under Australian Rules in Brisbane on Batordajr. The Sydney team wa* superior in combination work, and won by 78 points' to 39. The first Soccer test match between England and Australia was played at the Exhibition Grounds on Saturday, and a crowd representing £2000 watched the match. England won comfortably by 5 goals to 1. At the Brisbane Stadhrai on Saturday night, the West Australian, Eddie Butcher (10.2}). finished up a good points winner orer Harry Casey (10.3), of Rockhamu ton. ' • TUESDAY, June 30. The A Class State Radio Station is not now expected to be in operation until December, aud, in the meantime, a Gov ernment temporary broadcasting station is to be established on a power of 500 watte. A coloured boxer named Simeon Daniel Lewis was charged at the Rockbampton. P«lioe Court yesterday with being a pro-* hibited immigrant. He was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, uuless sooner deported. Councillor Charles ColKs, of the Paroo Shire Council, died in the Cuuhamulla Hospital on Saturday morning as the result vof a motor accident. The Minister for Public Instruction said yesterday that he felt there was little donbt that the movement for the exten sion .of the school- leaviag age from 14 yeans to 16 years would be given effect to in due course. ■ The bonus issue announced by Gibson and Howes, Ltd., for an additional 40,000' shares— a capitalisation of reserves—has been made, and the scrip has -been made out for issue. On June 24, Arthur Bambling (13) was seriously burned at Nonango through an explosion caused by his pouring benzine on * stove fire. The clothes were prac tically burned from his body, and he suc cumbed to his injuries on Saturday morn iug. A piece of material of a waxlike naturp, which is thought to be ambergris* was picked up on the main beach at South* port, and it has been forwarded to Bris bane for examination^ The annual report of the Postmaster- General's Department shows that the in crease of telephone lines was 28,738, and oj. stations 3*,192, these figures constitut ing a' record. The growth in the country was proportionately higher than in the capita) cities, the percentage rate being 14.4 for the country, as against 12.7 lot the cities. • • ' A shipment, of 120 bulls was booked from Brisbane to Darwin, and the owners desired that-two competent cattle men should accompany them. An ad ministrative officer intervened and order ed that if these two cattlemen travelled, the master of the ship must engage for the trip two extra wireless operators, and provide two additional lifeboats* besides extra cabin accommodation. Dissatisfaction has been in evidence in the-various Brisbane meat-works since the freezing hands failed to get all their de mands from the Arbitration Courts. A "stop-work" meeting has been called to deal with the matter. The application of the employees of the Monnt Morgan mine, for a'reduction of. hours from 48 to 44, was. before the Arbitration Court yesterday, and the matter was referred to the Full Court of the Arbitration Court for hearingvjm A meeting of Mouai Morgan, -miner* yesterday pledged themselves to stand be hind the 44-hour week, with no reduction of wages. ,- In connection with the waterside trouble at Lueiuda Point, Mr. Justico Douglas has ordered a compulsory con ference. The sugar stocks at Lucinda and at the two mills at the end ot* last week totalled 2860 toss, and as both mills are turning out 1800 tons weekly it will not uo long before there will be a completo stoppage of crushing, as there is no where to store the sugar. The off froMt wheel of a motor car collapsed near Hulbert's Creek Bridge, 30 miles from Richmond, and the occupants were thrown out. Bob Shearer sustain ed a fractured skull, Charles Bradford internal injuries, and- four others wero badly shaken. The State Government ha* written down tbo three State enterprises by £808,828, namely, State stations £674,780/3/1; State cannery, £89,959/9/1: aad State fish supply by £44,080/1/3. The ballot for the election of a member of the Public Service Superannuation Board, to represent the contributors in the professional division of the service, resulted in the return, of Mr. W. G. Hamilton, who secured 228 votes to Mr, G. T. E. Reinhold's 124. About 200 Boy Scouts from the South ern States arrived in Brisbane from Syd ney last nighi to take part in the annul eorroboree. A mysterious interruption of the ex periments of wireless enthusiast* in Bris bane, «« well a a the work of the long-dis tance station at Pinkenba, ig puzeline wireless expert* The cause is not known, but it w thought to be due to electric sparks from some unknown source Gordon and Gotch (Austraksia) Ltd. report that the profit* during the half ye *r *? March 31, after deducting Federal and State, taxation, totalled £46,215. The exhibits of cotton at tho Laidley snow were exceptionally good, being free from trash and foreign matter. The staple showed good regularity. This dis play .ot peanut* was good, compared with the imported article. A meeting of fruit growers of Bedland TO Mt« Cotton and Victoria Point wm held at Redland Bay on Friday, and those present opposed the one-floor principle un it?" * h«jkrt W as first taken. Motions that the t.O.D. prevent the marketing of green pines, and that the same body take control of pineapples for the next 12 months, were carried. Surprise has been expressed in Cairns at the restrictive clauses of the Federal Government's Power Alcohol Bill, and numerous wires of protest were sent dm> ln£ the week-end by the Northern Power Alcohol Committee to the Prime Minister, Minister for Customs, and the Cabinet 1 Barney Wiiburn, aged 37, was killed near Tenterfitdd during the week-end while droving cattle. Hi* saddle slipped, and his horse threw him violently ou to a ifhe Registrar-General has supplied a preliminary statement showing the number of live stock in the State on Janu ary 1, 1925, to be 644.615 horses, 6,378,404 cattle, and 18,342.264 sheep. This is an increase of 1J588,163 sheep compared with January 1, 1924, and a decrease of 16,978 hones and 18,050 cattle. . The New Zealand team of bowlers played an Anchenflower team at the local green, and won by 45 to 30. In beautiful weather the English Soccer team af footballers yesterday beat a Too woomba representative team by 6 goals to niL in the presence of a large gathering. A Traveston team of Rugby footballers ployed the Gympio Club, and were de feated by 85 points to 77. The Townsvillc Rugby League team reached Mackay on Sunday, a*nd played a representative toam in the afternoon, when they were beaten by 13 points to 11. Tie Department of Agriculture has de cided to close the experimental farm on Monal Creek, and is having all the acces sories removed to the Nuiton . research farm in the Prairie district. • The Laidley A. and I. Society has de cided to render every assistance to the Ipswich Agricultural Association in plac ing a district exhibit in tho forthcoming Brisbane Show. • It is stated that the New South Wales Government in taking up the linking up of the railheads at Tweed Heads and Murwil lumbah. Mr. GUly Curr, of Bolivia, in the Tenteiy field district, holds the record of having trapped, single-handed, 180 rabbits in ono night. The Ho;no Secretary (Mr. Stopford) in tends visiting Towers with the view of inspecting a site which Had been offered to him tor the establishment of an Old People's Homo in the North. •••'..' . > The Minister 'stated that his idea wus not to build a place like Dunwich with a barrack system, but that cadi old man, or old couple, should have a separate cot-, tage to carry, on their own lives in their own way, but vith a commou dining room. A former widow,, who succc?sfujly -peti tioned for divorce from her second husband in Brisbane yesterday, stated that he proposed to' her when brought to her hdme tinder guard a* a deserter. They were married the same day, and the military guards were the -witnesses. The steamer Esperance Bay brought 50 new settlers to Brisbane yesterday. Tho party comprised 39 English, 11 Scotch, and six Irish and had capital amounting to £1000. WEDNESDAY, July 1. Thomas Hood arid Henry Arthur Ken* dall pleaded guilty, in the Police Court yesterday, to a charge of having stolen a safe from M'Cartney Bros.' warehouse, Woolloongabba, and were committed for sentence. Kendall/, a youth- of 20, w*# allowed bail. ■ ... . '•..'■. \ The High Court of ' Australia ye* terday decided against tbc Committee of Direction of Fruit Marketing, which had appealed against a decision of Mr. Justice Macnaughton in favour of agents and growers, declarhig and restraining the C.O.D. from claiming to be the sole selling agent of bananas aud other fruit. The High Court, v varying hi some respects the order of the State judgu, dismissed the appeal with costs. . • ■ The result* of tbc bacteriological tests lias -led the State health authorities to the decision that the suspected caso in Brisbane is not one of plague. The freezers employed at the variotu meatve-orks in the metropolitan area in tend to return to work' to-day, but will not work overtime. Members of the Adelaide Abattoirs Commission visiting Brisbane were ex« tended a civic welcome at the Town Hall yesterday by Alderrnau M. J. Barry (Mayor of Brisbane). Arthur Miller Truudle pleaded guilty by letter to a charge brought against him by Constable Howie, of Coorau, of having ill-treated Peroival James Warren, aged. 15% years, and was fined £10 and 6/ cost* of court. 