1 f^T^lf^^ 'A Private Matter,' Iri declining to make public' itte amoiiiii of fees paici i6 Mr: W:^&: HShn&fi; .afid his junior in connection witn we NeW. ? States Commission, Mr. Ba'vffi; M& I Attorney-General, said it was '^..p^ty^m. i matter.' As the money comes out.,^. 'the Treasury, and. is practically a dirf'cj '. tapping of the taxes, there never, ^as^a matter less private, and Mr. Bavin's, attig tude is another nail in the Government's coffin. Nobody will blame Mr. Holman. for gathering all the fees he can, from the Government or anybody else, but the Cabinet cannot find a single excuse for turning the New State movement in to a barrister's holiday. If a Commission . was necessary, surely it could have got along without lawyers; but it is the poli tical custom noAvadays to turn every in quiry into a benefit for some bewigged gentleman. What the country wants is commonsense and not legal procedure, t._-- and in certain public matters it woufcHfte--' better to have the evidence presented without legal assistance. Certainly no thing could be more absurd than to ap point a K.C. and a junior member of the Bar to ask Mr, Agricola & Co, why they are against centralisation. As a mat* ter of fact, one of the greatest arguments in favor of the creation of new States is the extraordinary fashion in which the affairs of the old State are administered. No wonder country people wailt to Itjbk alter then* own business wheri they view the terrific waste and extravagance which characterise present State government. Iu connection with the New State Com mission, i'or instance) as much money has been spent on a few lawyirs as would give hundreds of farmers decent roads id ' their nearest railway station. Anyhdwj what influence has the report Of commis sions on political thought? Everybody knows that one thing only will create new States — and that is public opinion: ;-.. * * * ?'''---?: When You Scratch a Piogressivei When you scratch a menibel' of the Pf©= gressive Party you find a Nationalist , under the skin, The history of the e%- . ?piring Parliament proves that. Yet Mr. . Bruxner and his followers make a grave . pretence of being an independent party, standing for country interests and a . middle course. When next they woo the ? I electors they should be asked to explain ' why on every occasion the Fuller Cabinet *.' was in danger they came to its ° redcugj -? ' and why they stood behind it in -that ? dastardly sectarian campaign which was . too much for the decent Nationalists' iii the Upper House. The suspicion' is tHa| the Progressive Party is only a shamf and; that it maintains its independent organi sation in order to capture those voters who wouldn't tolerate a Nationalist) yet have no desire to' be represented by a Laborite. It is quite certain that thetfe would have been no Progressive Party iii Parliament had it been thought that Mr. Bruxner was to be merely a small joint in the Fuller tail— and that the Fuller programme -was to be his programnie, even to the extent of surrendering to' the fanaticism of the Orange Lodge. Coun^ try Catholics were largely attracted by the Progressive promise that it was inde pendent, broad, and clean; ahd that it was to keep Parliament free from ex tremism of every kind. Mr; firuxner himself was regarded as a mart quite as . tolerant as Dr. Page, and equally im patient of persecutory sectarianism; When he arid his followers face their country constituents again, what accbuiit will they give of their stewardship'/ Hdw will they explain the fact that Country .' — and State— interests were lost sight 6i whilst they joined in the witch-hunt against the Catholic Church? It is ru mored they now realise their mistake, and that they do not want to wallow further in the sectarian mire. But how sincere is this repentance? And how are they going to prove it? * * * Australians Are Really Clean PolL cally. The trouble in the Nationalist camp over the short final session which Sir George Fuller promised the fanatics in . connection with the proposed Ne Temere legislation arises largely from the fact that certain Ministers and a number of the rank, and file are not at all satisfied that the State will stand for another sec tarian campaign. Australians are a clean-thinking people, politically, and it is not natural for them to have a great deal of time for a sectarian issue. -AH religions work together, play together, and fought in the trenches together,' and only a small section of our population really marches to the beat of the Orange drum. .Far too much credit was given ' after the last elections to sectarian pro paganda as a factor in the Nationalist : victory,. The anti-Catholic campaign did' ' show marked results in a few ejnstituen qies— constituencies- rather famous to thfc past for sympathy with bigotry.., 6jut,j generally speaking, New South Wales did' not i\e£ect Labor because it was afraid' pX. the Pope. Had* Mr. Ness and the otner , political mannikln's* wtto* sign.ed the anti Catholic ti- 4Bt never existed, ftie Biiabor Party was sure of a term on the Opposi tion benches. There was public feeling in favor of a change. Things, politically, were considered so bad that they could not be worse. An idea got abroad that the Pullerites, representing the cautious, G&pitalifltic; class, would give us financial fefGrm, G@ttim-sreial stability, and plenty , M eiiipi&Yiiieiti; It wa« even thought I {fca't iiHsf eftuld wave* a- wizard wand over ; ffie fitiMey iftarfcei and make ©»? Old , SwS VSfcift: U wiiS tins expecisbtiOH tf , tfettei; tiiti^M fi p&Hi;& oi depression, | thai Keipe'S ffife\ NStifiSaffifte fSue'H itid?6 j iM\\...§m-&Ritt8li8; Sarttfflfig &Bd; toggS giftb'erisn.' The Swing of ttie Pendfulunri1. „„ Now the pendulum has swung. thp other, way. The Fuller Cabinet has proved all promise and no performance, like Peck sniff's horse. It has not handled any great public question ably. Its piece de resistance, immigration, has been a screaming farce. The electors have seen a Cabinet of mediocrities stultified and terrorised by illiterate fanatics whilst the State's business has gone to the demni tion bow-wows. The Nationalist politi cians who sense all this would like to see Mr. Ley in outer darkness. They are^ whispering among themselves that the people want political reform and not an attack on religious liberty. They even argue that a term of Fullerism has eon Yittced tens of thousands of Protestants that the' Catholic Church, instead of seek ing political doniifiation, has an uphill fight for bare existence ill a land that boasts of religious equality, ifldeedy tfl such an extent has the policy of Mr. Ley appalled the educated Nationalist Ola§§ that it In in danger of showing con siderable apathy if the Government can fiOt invent afl election slogan a Itttl© flidfe wheies'dmg than 'No ©athdlies ii'eed apply .' With thi§ feeliiig . ftbrOad, the Nationalist managers wouid certainly love to tell Mr. Ness to go to Hades and take the special session with him. * * * 115ir George Had Been Sensitive. If Sir George Fuller had been a sensi tive man he would not be leading his party to-day. Since Mr. Joseph Car ruthers (as he was then) was virtually hounded out of the Premiership, w^e do not know any man who has suffered more at the hands of his own party press than the present Premier. The assaults have not been personal— or frontal. The papers have not said in so many words that Sir George is only a puppet and that he re §p6iids to tiae wrong strings. But in §e§§6n and out 6f Season his Adminis tration has beeil Scdriated for blunders for' which he is Officially responsible. Mr. Dooley in his day of power did not re ceive half the castigation. iii fact, the Nationalists' 'friefidly' press has even dented the Putter Cabinet that homely virtue, good faith, which they will allow in the case Of a Socialist. But to ridi cule, as well as to abuse, Sir George is impervious. Whether it is a question of finance or the New State Commission, he flickers hot aii eyelid during the harshest 6f Criticism. Not Once has he been stung sufficiently to even talk of resignation. Mis pachyderitiatOuSness* whether real 6f assuinedj is an excellent political asset. His attitude of uiiconcern suggests that Sir GeOrge himself is not aware that he is geiieraiiy considered a political failure. Mis genial stocism even creates an im pression that he is the victim of political cireumstattce8--that he is a gifted leader loyally doing his best with a wretched combination, it is on record that his bioodieSs impassivity under the cruellest lash has mOre than once thwarted the gentlemen anxious to play the part of Brutus to his Caesar. A highly-strung man would have met them half-way, and perhaps have fallen. But the 'no savee' attitude of Sir George gave them no opening. Mr. Ley, for instance, to rea lise his ambitions would have had to come into those open political spaces which his soul detesteth. Rumor is sly enough to say that he needed his rest cure in California largely through the nervous breakdown he suffered when he finally realised that if he wanted the Pre miership he would have to out Sir George with a bottle. * * * Another Leader. The Nationalist press wants another leader, and wants him badly, but what! can it do against this Premier who will not see, who takes up the attitude that censure of his Cabinet's policy does not affect him personally, and who beatific ally assents to the friendly proposition — voiced in the banquetting hall — that it would be a national calamity if he were to retire into private life. Possibly the \ attempt to shelve Sir George would have more brutal features but for t,he fact that as far as leadership is concerned Nation- , alism is at a low ebb. Mr. Oakes might ' do — yiii Bte i# li'o fiery cross1. ' Mr. Baxv'M has been spofcett of. and found1 wanting for lack of magnetism.- Mr. Ley has sug gested' himself/ but; nbwaxla^ys Hot many are so poor as to do h'im revereircef; In the Upper House Sir Joseph1 Carrutlvers ia too old, and Mr. James Ashtoti without a desire for political worries. Outside Parliament is Mr.- Holman, who may or may not be willing, but whose hour has not yet struck agaili So1 far tile younger Nationalists have not produced: a person ality among them, and so Sir GveWge'§ political rivals can be counted on the fingers of one hand. Here is where he is lucky again, for if the Tory Press only had a big man to put in command even the Premier's Buddha-like attitude would hardly save him. Another factor also helps Sir George. The political material ifl the present House is a little l?el@w ifie Parliamentary average, and he &6e§ Sfl£ fcufief much by comparison. ?^h. te ''? fi- S ft WWena'I^ani^ E-bWri, Mr,, W. A. Holmarf is', d'owir ariti 6lfi& politically; sip' that .chivalrous organ, the1 'Daily Guardian,' kicks' hini very brave; ly. Among otfcrer thMgg,- it, asserts' that he is an invincible Jonah on the Nation alist barque, and that, as in the case of j the New States Commission, he has only I to be identified with a cause to wreck ! it. Granting that Mr. Holman's political i luck has been discouraging of recent I years, even an unfriendly paper should not forget . that^he once proved himself 'an inimitable leader of men, and that it was Nationalism that hoodooed his career instead of Mr. Holman hoodooing Nationalism or anything connected with it. Holman as a Labor leader was one of those who guided it across the desert of hopeless opposition into the Promised Land of Office, and probably but for. the war his moderation might have kept Labor in power. He was in his heyday both brilliant and fortunate and courage ous, and if he finally disappointed his old political friends it was not before he had carried a long way forward the political programme of his party; A man who championed the Boer cause at the risk of political extinction, who stood behind Ire land's claim before Englishmen recog | nised she had any wrongs at all, who in the hour of adulation and success was at the service of the friends of his struggling days, and who eventually took 'defeat in the spirit of a sportsman, might be spared the cheaper criticism^ if ill fortune still dogs his footsteps, esiDecially at a time when net few picturesque figures relieve the drabness of the political arena. However, we cTo fiot suppose Mr. Holman worries much alxmfs press opinion nowadays. His success at the Bar seems so permanent that it appears* improbable he would chance again the risks of the political profession-. * * * The War to End War. j A Danish general declares that the' prospect Gi war is greater now than' in5 1914\. It doef Hot need a military man to arrive at that conclusion. Despite all the talk of peace, Europe i& volcanic, and obviously the diplomats apprehend some untimely upheaval. The war to end war has done no more than other wars thai were to settle the world's problems. Mili tarism ami junkerism still stalk the stage, swords rattle in scabbards — if not the Kaiser's — and the masses are pre pared by carefully veiled propaganda against another bloody day. Already £Ke past sufferings are half forgotten, and a Hew generation, arriving at manhood, dreams' tfi£ sacj old rf-r earns- of martial glory. It would i-e absurd to say that the nations do not want peace because they are inclined to war. The lesson of the last conflict convinced them that there is no profit in Armageddons. But human nature and international jealousies, without the discipline of Christianity, lead to unforeseen crises, and the match is often at the powder be fore anyone dreams of the explosion. Russia and the East are a storm centre in which only summer lightning flashes Mow, but which at any moment might change to more deadly currents. Austra lia, the frontier, as it were, of the great English-speaking race, has more to think of than a base at Singapore, and it is a tragedy that our politicians will not wake up to the fact that self-help may be our only help in the hour of trial. . Whilst we talk of settling our defence by en couraging immigration, the plans, perhaps . are being prepared for our invasion. It was the late Cardinal Moran who saw what her own fleet — if small— and army — if youthful — would mean to Australia, and we want another statesman like him. We shall never be safe until we are self contained from a military point of view. Better than the Empire's fleet would be arms and munitions a-plenty for the man hood of this country. ( 