Alien Influx. \ \ -a _2 — ' CHECK URGED. \ SOLDIERS INSISTENT. " \ &" I Brisbano, Fob. 17. Tlio continuous ilow of ItaKans into Norlli Quonnslnnil was diseussod by tho iolgalcs of tlio Rottarnod Soldiers' and I Sailors' Imporisl Lcaguo, yostordny, and .1 lie opinion wns genoraily expressed that Ihoro should bo more control nvorj ,3u»i nun, .enrupcans coming into Aus tralia. aMr. T. Ala niy; (Cairns),, moving that (lie mnttor of restricting alien immigra tion' be brought before tho conforenco, I said that North Quoonsiand was in a | very peculiar poritinn so far ns nlip,... I woro concerned. ,Thero wore some voi, I good citizona among them, but Iho trouble wns that thoy woro gotting a hold ill divers wnys on somo of tho best, sugar lands in tho north. That I question had boon diseussod by ovory congress at Cniirna, nnd " thoy -could got no further with it. If they walked down tlio mniii struct of Inn is/all they I heard such remarks as "narko dn I jeo." (Laughtcrl) J A doiogate: Sigatoko, (Lauitor.) Air. n. Hoskins (Townsvillo) . second ed tlio motion, but considered that thai word aKon sliould bo deleted, and that I tlicy should altor tho tons of tho mo- 1 j lion. Ho did not want to create m. | impression that thoy were out to fight | tlio foreigner. Thoro wins ono vory I grave phnso of tho satiation, and time I I was tlio possibility of disoaso boing in- 1 troduced by aliens. Only tho provioUB I day there was a report: of tho arrival of I uuiwcun uuu nnd. 7UO Italians at Fre- muntio, with ono cnBO of snmiipox and three suspects on board. That was a vital matter .-to North. Queensland, a- I 90 per cent, of thoso Italians wore going I there.' I A telegram was read from tho Inisis- fail branch, expressing its grave con cern nt tho influx of Southern Euro- penns into Australia. OUTVOTING THE AUSTRALIAN. Air. C. S. Trudgian (Wldo Bay and Burhott) said that -in a fow years' time (linen iwinnln xvnnlrl nnltmln <( A ...i i »" "- |.»v»v »vniu vuvruiu liuv Ituabtu j linns in tho north. Could, tliey not soo I whnt would liappori if thoy did not | stand out against tho influx now? He I thought' 'the motion should bo more I strongly worded. I Air. T. J. Ford (Aloreton) pointed out that AVestorn Australia was ' as much concerned with this class of immigra tion as was Queensland. In our district in North Queensland, oit Juno 39 last, according to official figures, thoro were | flSt British farmers, and 182 lson-Bri't- 1 isli farmers, and 687 British canocuttcr, j land uuu non-British ennoeiittors. I The secretary gave tlio following de tails of tho numbor of persons' who ar rived in Queensland nnd the Common wealth during tho last fluaueial year I leaded Juno 39, 1924: — Qucenslnnd. ' C'weallli. | British 3662 ." .'33,150 Danish 10 Ef 131 I IDufch !l > s 2-m | French i r 53;; Gorman 15 " c |,)fj Crack 14 - - 102J Kalians 427 . " 2032 Mnlle.so . . ,, 2R 7 ojt ! JNorweiginu .... 0 ? fio i pusaiim 351 , '7 305 Swedish 2 " f 75 I Swiss 3 -r 332 I United States .. 14 '! 1264 I Otlior white races 8.> "7 1307 j Afghnns ...... 0 "? ' 4 I I Armenians .. ... 0 f 5 I Chinese 402 ' 3051 I Japanese ...... 37 473 Javanese i« ;r 3gg j J Natives of India «' I | and Ceylon ... 5: , 393 Malays. ... ... .... iy r 33 jSiameso .' O- V 1 . Syrians 2: 290 I Other Asiatics .. u FiKpitios 1; go Amuricuu negroes 1 ' .T" 2 I p«P«n»a 271 ' 376 Polynesians .... $ 137 | 'Othor coloured \".ir I "ices 31 y; 376 I Total. .. .. 530.T f 06,941 Tho secretary added tlinfc these figures showed that of tho 5193 who came to I Queensland last financial year, 3fi02 1 were Rritish. and 1531' forein-nors. mwi I j that nf Commonwenltii. irnrnif»raiits 83,- 159 wero British and 15,781 foreigners. THE NUMBERS O ROWING. I Afr. irophins: But T think wo havei had more Italians coming' into North! Queensland during tho last: six monl-ha than during the mst financial ycni.j I ' ",J 'h'"1'1 1UI i ll" (Jit,. W.X |nionlhs7 | Tho Chairman: No. I AH. Alanly said- that, as far as thoy could glean in Cairns, in tho last throe months 92 Kalians enmo from Southern | Queensland by trail, , 43 eamo by „„0 lioat. just before tlio shipping strike, nnd heforu he left Cairns there was another | purty of 6S. I I Air. Dark said they had hoca fighting tliu Commonwealth o„ this question, for I two years. If tho laiiguago test1 were strongly enforced, it would debar Inr per cent.; and if.thcso pooplb had to proiluec the necessary money "89 ,.. I real, would bn debarred. AN AWKWARD POSITION. Ilr. E. S. .Tnckson (vice- president) said I hat a very awkward positron wns r reated hoenusa (hey had to mnhe | serious. admission reflecting on tho Bri- lish men. They could not blntno these people for getting good lands; why did not the British d„ t|,0 snmoj TJiero waa a timo within thoir recollections I when it was the proud boast of the | British peoplo that thoy woro, tho best colonists in tho world. - What had be- comc of that reputation? He personally Idid' not want to sco foreigners gotting | the best land; ho wanted to sco Britisn- ers. Tho remedy scorned to him to be to organise British farmers nB tho aliens organised their people. ' The Chairman urged that tho Com monwealth Government should fostoi .Iho immigration of people who spoko our own language. A STRONGER RESOLUTION. I (111 tile suggostion of Air. Trudgiaii, a I motion was frnmod to cmbraco Air. .Manly 'a resolutions and others on simL inr lines from other districts. ' This 'new motion read as follows:.. That . tho Federal cxocutlvo be , annul, to noai witn tlio influx of aliens; that arrangements bo , na.lv for a oomplete statemonr on the sub. j I jeet from ovory sub-branch in '(,cj Commonwealth; that a special meet- 1 t-nu x-uuurai executive Ue Itolil nt (ho soonest possiblo moment, sa that the views of tho R.S.S.I.L.A. j may be placed before the Conimon- inwontth Govornmont, and neeessarv 1 "v.iiuii. lasisieu upon: and (hat iu the meantime the following recommenda tions from this cxccutice be seriously i considered: — I (I) That tlio lonuHgQ tost l>c j strictly enforced; I Tllflf ft<n _x , 1 .uu i»u«nuiaj scnuis re quired bo also strictly enforced; j (3) That seven years' residence within the Commonwonlth ho re- 1 quired before citizonship is granted;! (4) Thnt the quota system be in- j troduced, lis is the practice in tn. ii ii ircu urates. This wns agreed to by tho Cairns nnd AInckny delegates, nnd tlio motion I was then carried unanimously. Dr. Jackson then moved that it K an instruction to tho Fodorni offico to got a clear definition of tho language tost, nnd thnt tho immigration authori ties be urged to enforeo this test most strongly. | Mr. Trudginn soeondod tlio motion, which wns carried. I 