ALLEGED THEFT OF BOND DANISH IMMIGRANT'S v EXPERIENCE 1 Further evidence was heard In tho Police Court yesterday ' against Anker Neilson, who appeared on remand on three charges. Tho evidence on the first charge was completed at a pre- vious hearing. The charges were: (1) That between January 2S and February 13, at Bris bane, being tho servant of the Modern Player Piano Company he stole £4 10s. 7d., which had come, into his posses sion on their account; (2) that, on or about January 26, he stole £5, the pro perty of Helmet Victor Grenenlcop- Gastenskiold; and (3) that on Decem ber 11, 1024, he stole a gold wristlet watch, valued at £3, the property of Marie Lllley.. Mr. j; Stewart Bei'ge, P.M., was on the benbli. Detective Senior-Sergeant Lipp prosecuted, and Mr. T. Mclaugh lin appeared for Neilson. Giving 'evidence on the second charge Detective Moloney stated that1 on Thursday, February 12, he saw de fendant at the C.I. Branch Office. In a conversation, defendant admitted' that he was employed by the Modern Player Piano Co., on a wage and com mission. and that he had received a £5 bond from Grenenkop-Gastensklold. He said, "I will pay him back." . "Witness pointed out that be had agreed to pay the money back on the termination of the agreement. Neilson declared he had given the man an order to draw from his salary. Wit ness asked, "What did you do with tho £5?" Neilson replied, "I held it for a while, and then I spent it." Witness then informed him that the company had stated that he had left their em ploy and still held some of tlieir money. 1 Helmet Victor Grenenkop-Gastens klold said that 'lie arrived hero from Denmark in May, 1923. Defendant en gaged him to sell pianola rolls and pianolas at £2 a week salary, and 7 J per cent commission. Witness began work on January 28, taking nine pianola rolls. He had to give de fendant £5 as a deposition the rolls. Neilson gave him a receipt for that money, which. stated that his £5. was to be returned when the engagement was terminated. Witness worked a fortnight and was paid 2is. His en gagement being terminated he. asked for the return of the £5. Defendant put him off and jater gave him- an. order to draw tho amount from his (Neilsen's) salary from the company. However, he had never received his £5 back. John W. Brook, the managing director of the Modem Player Piano Company, said that he knew nothing of the £5 deposit until Gastlnskiold presented - the order. ' . Mr. McLaughlin asked , that the de fendant be- discharged- on the ground that there was no evidence that an opportunity, was afforded for the re turn of the 1 money. He asked that ,Mr.. Berge deal' summarily with the defendant. . Mr. Bei'ge reserved his decision until Friday, when the third charge also will be heard. 