GENERAL CABLES. ' ' LONDON, Sep. 9. Eugen Jaenlcks, who- 26 years ago committed a murder in Germany, but in 1818 escaped from tho asylum in which ho. had, been confined, had slnco been wandering over Europe, calling nimseit ijount van. Lorraine, ami claiming to bo a refugee from. Lor raine, whence ho had fled after kil ling a black soldier in tho French armiy. The tale procured Jaenick-- general sympathy, and at different times prominent Germans and Austrl ans, including! Cabinet Ministers, made collections on. behalf of the 'unfortunate count.' .The police ax last realise who tho 'count' really is. BOMBAY, Sept. 10. . While Sergeant Wilkinson, of the European police, was on duty at Cumbala Hill, a fashionable locality, an Indian stabbed him in tho chest. Indian constables arrested the assail ant, who shouted: 'Do away with the white skins.' The sergeant's wounds are superficial. NEW YORK, Sept. 9. The Australian Commissioner to the- United States (Sir James Elder), will bo a guest at the National Exhi bition . at Toronto . to-morrow. The appeal of Mr. John T. Scopes, the Tennessee school teacher, who was defendant in the Dayton 'evolu- tion trial,' will be heard on Septem ber '.28. The case' for the appellant Is ? that his conviction was contrary to the Fourteenth Amendment of the Federal Constitution; and, secondly, ? to' the religions provisions of the Ten nessee Constitution. VANCOUVER, Sept. 9 More than 510,000,000 foot of timber valued at 7,000,000 dollars, was burn ed at the Hawkesbury (Ontario) lumber plant to-day. — Router. NEW YORK, Sept. 9 ' Immigration officials state that Mr Oliver Herir(y Wallop, of Wyoming, Portsmouth', cannot retain his Ameri can citizenship If he accepts the title, which now devolves upon him through the death of, his brother the seventh earl. He, however, was naturalised before the law was made to provide that an alien applying for citizenship must have renounced hereditary titles. — Reutor. ???'.' ? LONDON, Sept. 10. An editorial in the 'Financial Times' says: Co-operation, not com pulsion, seems to be the Australian' graziers' motto, and little fault can be found with it. Their negative de cision on Sir John Higgins' scheme seems on the whole the best that could be reached in existing circum stances, especially as co-operation in handling this great. Empire product promises to be developed by other me^iis. LONDON, Sept. 12. Reuter's correspondent at Paris says: JM. Henriet, n Communist mem ber of the Chamber of Deputies, has been arrested at Algiers on a charge of conspiring against the internal secur ity of the State. . ? ; . A. train with six hundred passen gers was waiting at Shenlield lor tbe arrival of the second portion with 5UU passengers. Owing to tli0 failure of the brakes, the second train vas un able to stop, and came on towards the stationary express. Tlie signalman di verted it on to another. .line. Davy Stephens, a well-known iden tity of the Kingstown Pier, Dublin, lias died, aged 84 years. Hfe had sold papers there for over 70 years. His illustrious customers included kings and queens, Garibaldi, a»d Bismarck: King Edward always sent Stephens a Christmas card and a. present, and King George maintained tho custom. A message from Paris announces the death of Homer Tyrell Lane, an Ame rican citizen, who in May last was luuvwll'u iii ?.un'-aui oi oil eiictj.1* unucr. the Aliens Act/A deportatiim order was withdrawn when Lane volunteered to leave the country, never to jeturn. Regarding a reported epfdemie of plague in Marseilles, it is pointed out that a*'few isolated cases have occurred this summer, but the present situation is satisfactory. — Reuter. CAPETOWN, Sept. 12. The Standard Bank announces the notation of a loan of £1,000,000 at 5 per cent, issued at 9'J, on behalf of the Government of Southern Rhodesia — the first loan floated within the Union on behalf of another Government. As tlie result of 'further negotiations, the General Motors Corporation- (Uni ted States) lias withdrawn its offer to purchase a controlling interest in the Austin Motor Company. ? LONDON, September 10. Migrants to New Zealand iii August numbered 1073, tell highest monthly quota on record. They comprise 53 do mestics, 217 juveniles, and. the remain der farm labourers. The bodies of Captain Owen and his wife, who were drowned in a collision at the mouth of; the Thames fivo days ago, were discovered close together in ?the cabin of their vessel, the Pen nant. A strike demonstration extending over three hours was curried out at Vionna, by Austrian Civil servants, who resolved that Austria's . represen tative at Geneva should direct the at tention of the Leaguo to their intol erable situation. The demonstrators included officials of the Chief Crim inal Court; where, despite the vehem ent threats of the presiding Judge, strikers interrupted tlie trial of a burglar, who. wos forcibly removed from the, dock. — Renter. The Rev. Alexunder Heard, who is attached to the Bush Brotherhood in Australia, will succeed his faflier, the Rev. Henry Heard, as rector of St. Mary's', Ciithorlnun, Surrey., The Trudo Union Congress at Scar borough1 carried a resolution favouring efforts to' make Esperanto the inter- ' national inngiiage.— Reuter. , The International Spiritualist Con gress at Paris has decided to open a competition' offering prizes . for tho construction of instruments . to enable the shades of the departed to commu nicate easily wiili the living. The con gress also proBpses to conserve tho po\yers . Of mediums by keeping . them in spiritualist . hostels. ? ?,.- WASHINGTON, September 10. v Tho MacMillan Arctic expedition ship Bowdoin reached Godthaab (Greenland) after -weathering an Arc tie gale and rescuing a crew- of Danish navy sailors just before their boat sii'rik. , Tlio men had set out from Ship Islapd in a small power boat, .towing' a. dorv loaded with other -sailors.- It is understood in Pekin that ai ju dicial commission will inquire into the Shanghai riots. It will consist of Bri tish, Japanese, and American judges. Efforts will bo continued to induce China to nominate a judge to partici pate. — Reuter. \- , ? VANCOUVER, September 10. Again attacking the Australian trade agreement in a. speech at Bethany (On tario), Mr. Meigfien (leader of the Conservative party) said that it sacri ficed, the Canadian farmer to 'gain ? a nniiiteD ior ino vjiin»uuiii . tiJMjft:* xijuuu fcturer. — Reuter. CAPETOWN, September 10. Tho native religious fanatic who, with followers of his sect, had settled at Sakahia, arid wus reported to bo making forcible conversions, ? fled to northern Rhodesia oh the approach, of troops. Tlie district commissioner, ar rested forty, disciples, and -found seventy corpses. — Router. ? .. ? 