FEDERAL COALITION DEFENDED. The Federal TreasureB (Dr. Barle Page) wa9 at his best on Wednesday, when, at the luncheon tendered to 'him «t,-] hta oolleaeue (the Postmaster General) by the Primary Producers' Association, at the Savoy Hotel, he spoke in defence of the Coalition Government. It is but bare truth to say that his case was a strong one, and tiatle made the mostrof it The .chairman (Mr. M. T. Psdbury^, who- proposed the health of the visitors, Mr. Alex. Monger; who «econded tie toast, and Mr. A. Thomson, the Leader of Hie ParMamentary Country Party, who supported it, while' they were, all three, willing to give their guests, as representatives of that party in the Federal Government, credit for having, to some extent, tempered the wind to tie shorn famb, were careful- to impress them with the iniquities, as they are regarded by the Western Australian producers, of the Commonwealth tariff, and of other disabilities incidental to Federation, which' were operating against the progress and prosperity of the rural industries and rural population of this State. It was not a hard matter for these ? gentlemen to show that not quite everything in the garden was lovcijV It was, however; not more difficult for the Federal Treasurer and the Postmaster--3eiicral to indicate, by a recital of the practical achievements of the Bruce-Page Government that worse things might have befallen the producers of Australia, or that worse things might yet befall tiiem. if the Coalition should, through want of harmony among the par ties composing it, suffer shipwreck. Al though the present Government have done nothing, and less than nothing, to lighten the burden which the Customs im pose on primary production, they have sought by means other than tiie tariff to render that burden a little more tolerable. For the Country Party to run counter to Protection is, after all, but to kick against the pricks. If the Federal Labour Party were less, rather than, as it is, more, deeply committed to, that policy, the rural community might look in that quarter for retief. As it is, it has to choose between association' with a party which, though favouring a high protective tariff, is, otherwise, at ou-e with it in a desire topursue what the Federal Treasurer described as 'a policy of development, production, and marketing on -sound, comprehensive, and national lines,' and a party to which, in the past, it owes nothing, and from which, in the future, it 'has as little to expect. ? Dr. Earitt Page might weJl challenge, as he did, comparison between the re cord of .the present Government and that of any of its predecessors in the mat ter of political service directed to the stimulation of ? att-round pro dnctibn and in promoting coopera .tive relations between the Common wealth and State Governments. Its aim had,' he said, 'been designed: to secure by the co-operation and co ordination of the efforts of the whole community — of every cfass and every in dustry — .the progress and prosperity of Australia.' Only party antagonism would dispute this diim. Whether the means taken to the end desired have, in variably, toeen such -as could be commend ed on sound economic principles, is, of course, another matter. Much of the Bruce Government's legislation directed to assisting the marketing of Australian produce is frankly experimental. Time only win show how far it will justify itself. As -a n£e the less. State inter ference there is with industry, beyond securing a fair field for all, the better Rightly, the Government should exercise control over ihe methods and 'manner of exporters might inflict untold lesses of control ds warranted — is indeed impera tive — if that fair field is to be secured since, without it, unscrupulous private exporters would inflict untold losses on their class by shipping inferior product's and so ruining the market for sffl. The more rigid recent Commonwealth control over the standardisation and grading o( butter and of dried fruits promises to be justified fcy results. The 'Kangaroo'' brand -of butter is now realising on the -London market prices equal to, or better, 'than the New Zealand article, which had hitherto taken, next to Danish, pride of place, while our tinned fruits hto novl more than holding their own with those from California; If. however, Australia is to maintain it? hold on that market it is necessary, as Dr. Earle Page insisted, that production in. Australia should he on such a scale as will ensure continuous supplies; which is not now the case. In creased production and a perfected or ganisation arc the two desiderata to as sured success, and whether «r not what the Federal Government has done and is doing to stimulate private effort in these directions serves, it must at least be given credit for courage and acquitted of neglecting the country interests for 'those of the urban population. Whether the present Federal Govern ment is destined to a ilong or a short reign, it wifll have left a not unworthy record. Its pcCiicy of -road grants to the States, its agreement with the S tat en to establish a common income and land tax collecting authority, the fight it has put up through the agency of the Prime Minister for Imperial preference its- banking legislation, to which perhaps as much as or more than anything else history wi-X assign importance, the efforts it has made to assist 'the profitable mar keting abroad of Australian produce, to which reference has already been, made, the steps it has taken to co-ordinate Federal and State borrowing; and last but certainly not least, the part it has played, in encouraging immigration, oi which the Migration Agreement just con cluded is likely to stand as a memorial wtil, .whatever happens, all combine to give distinction: to its administration. TJn happiOy there are disruptive elements in the ranks both of the Nationalists and Country Party sections of the Coalrtior which may prove fatal to a continuance of its patriotic service, after the expira tion of the present Parliament' So 'much, however, is at stake that it may well be hoped that in the meantime 'consolidation of the Coalition' will be come the slogan of both. 