News in Brief. At a meeting of the unemployed of Albany, held last Sunday morning, a strong protest was entered against the action of the Government in bringing foreign immigrants to Aus tralia while there was so much un employment. It was decided to ask the Government for assistance either in the form of money or work. , Rioters wrecked the Asiatic Pet roleum Company's office at Taiyuan fu (China). It is understood that Marshall Chang-Tso-Lin is issuing a circular telegram advising the stud ents to refrain from acts of violence. ■ ■ ■ Three hundred Chinese seamen on board of six of the Butterfield and Swire coastal river steamers at Shanghai have gone out on strike. The Japanese lines are also meeting with difficulty, and are considering the replacing of Chinese crews with Japanese. Messages from Canton state that four Chinese gunboats appeared around Honam Island, opposite Can ton, and fired directly on the Bund with full force. The Yunnanese an swered with a heavy fire from the shore. While Mrs. T. Bennett, an elderly lady living in East Perth, was en gaged near a fire in the kitchen of her home, her clothing caught alight With a blanket her husband subdued the flames. She was removed to the Perth Hospital suffering from severe shock and burns. Advices have been received by the Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce) to the effect that the directors of the Ger man Reichsbank have called in all Reichsbank notes issued prior to Oc tober 11th, 1924. The notes thus called in will cease to be legal tend er after June 5, 1925. The Norwegians are giving up hope of Captain Amundsen returning from the Pole by air. It is officially announced that the meteorological and aeroplane representatives who have beed at Spitsbergen in connec tion with the flight have returned to Bergen. It is understood that the announce ment of the establishment of a food council in London, on the lines sug gested in the recent report of the Foou Commission," wffl toe issued shortly. The Council will endeavor to control food prices by the use of publicity. Advices from New York state that during the recent heat wave over 400 deaths were recorded as a r suit of the extraordinary climatic conditions. In Chicago the death toll for the ten days heat stood above 500. Twenty six machines have complet ed the fourth lap of the round Ger many flight, 38 machines, Including 4 "babies," have started on the fifth and last circuit of 600 miles. * • • As the result of complaints being lodged that the dialogue between two performers fit a Melbourne Theatre, was objectionable and indecent. It is now intended to censor all plays be fore they are allowed to be present ed to the public. A disastrous fire occurred at an early hour last Wednesday morning at Warrnambool (V.), when damage to the estimated extent of £50,00 was done. Ten stores situated in one block were all consumed by the flames within a very short time. The cause of the fire is a mystery and is being investigated by the police. When the Federal Loan Council meets in Melbourne next week, the Premier of Queensland (Mr. Gillies) will bring forward a proposal for ob taining Imperial consent to Austra lians being appointed as State Gov ernors. In bringing this matter for ward, Mr. Gillies will be acting In conformity with the platform of the Queensland Labour Party. For the week ended June 5, about 212 tons (8,480 boxes) of Australian sultanas were sold on the London market. It is stated that the pricee realised were most satisfactory. The Prime Minister of New Zea land (Mr. Coates) has written to the Leader of the Liberal Party, suggest ing that a meeting of the represen tatives of the Reform and Liberal Parties should be held a week before the opening of Parliament, to dis cuss how an amalgamation of the two parties could be brought about. Advices from Geneva state that the International Labour Conference has adopted a convention prohibiting the making of bread, pastry, and other flour confectionery by all persons, in cluding the proprietors as well as the workers, during the night term. It is reported from Ixmdon that the prolonged strike of the Danish transport workers is cutting off the Danish supply of butter. Austral asian supplies, which are now arriv ing in increased quantity, are fully filling the housewife's needs. THE LIVER RESPONDS. A lazy liver is responsible for more illness than tongue can tell. It the liver is not doing its work, you suffer from biliousness, dizziness, headache, and a general feeling of ill health. To stimulate your liver to normal activity, take Chamberlain's Tablets. When they are taken according to directions, the liver at once responds and the effect Is quickly felt through out ^he entire system.—Sold every where. The British Cabinet Committee has reported favouring a definite programme of navy construction spread over a number of years. It is understood the Treasurer is con vinced that a programme of replace ment is absolutely necessary. Miss Mavis Gold and Miss Isabel Gold, of Perth (W-A.), who were injured in the train smash at Mur phy's Creek (Q'land.), hatfe recov ered sufficiently to leave hospital. Miss Mavis Gold suffered internally, and Miss Isabel Gold was slightly injured. > A charabanc containing members of the York (Eng.) Municipal Offic ers picnic overturned oil a steep hill side and fell 30 feet into a moorland stream. Five men and two women were killed and many passengers injured. Mr. O'Neill, in replying to Ques tions in the House of Commons, said the Allies would order the evacua tion of the Cologne zone so soon as Germany carried out the military re quirements set out in the Note of June 4th. An agreement, subject to ratifica tion, of the Commonwealth and South Australian Parliaments, has been ar rived at by the Federal and South Australian Governments, under which the Commonwealth undertakes to build a railway northward to Alice Springs. The first line for transmitting electric current jo rural ijlstricts from the Nymboida hydro-electric scheme has been opened by the Clar ence River County Council (N.S. W).. The current will serve 36 farmers for lighting and for drivln? farm machinery. The composition of the New Par liament in Tasmania as a result of the recent general elections will be 16 Labor members and 14 anti-Labor In speaking of the unrest prevail ing throughout China, the Under Sec retary for Foreign Affairs stated in the House of Commons that law and order must be maintained in the In- j ternailonal Settlement at Shanghai, and the Government would giv« all necessary support to the British offie i ere on the spot. ! The Japanese Foreign Minister has forecasted a _ worse development in the economic phase of the Shanghai situation, and although the rioting is decreasing, no definite movement could be made until the joint investi gation committee's report had been received. It is reported that it is intended that the Security Pact shall be of an absolutely bi-lateral mutual charact- | er.» An essential preliminary to the operation of the Pact will be Ger many's entry into the League of Na tions. With the object of surveying an aerial route from Russia to China, six aeroplanes, four of which had been constructed in Russia, left Mos cow for Peking- last Thursday. Many thousands of people, including Gov ernment officials, witnessed the take off. When calls were made for crews to man the Commonwealth Line of steamers Eromanga and Dllga, no re sponse was made. Officials of the Line were given to understand that crews would be obtained if the cargo and coal from the steamer Voluma were removed from the Eromanga and the Dilga. The officials refused to listen to the suggestions. Holland and Great Britain are at present considering establishing an sir route from India to Sourabaya. Should this scheme be carried out the service will inevitably be extend ed to Australia, Enemy incursions in the Loukous (Morocco) district continue. The French advance posts at some points have fallen back in good order. The efforts of the enemy to penetrate the French lines south of Wergha were ] beaten off with heavy losses. Advices from Paris state that the French Government Is disappointed with the progress of the Moroccan campaign, as it was anticipated the * Riffs would be speedily crushed. There is some talk of changing the high command. m w m The new Orient Line steamer Ot ranto, which will in future be en gaged in the Australian mail service, was officially launched by Mrs. Am cry at the Viclcers yard at Barrow, last Wednesday. The vessel is 658-Lt. in length and has a 75-ft. beam. Her! capacity is,20,000 tons. The new addition of the German Almanach de Gotha evidently con siders; the incorporation of Germany and Austria, an accomplished t&ctt; as the latter country is included under the hiding of the German Empire, on the same footing as Bavaria and Saxony. It is semi-offlcially stated that armed bands from the interior have taken possession of the island of Samos (in the Mediterranean Seal with the object of ejecting the Greek .qfficialft^eihd securing a reduction of taxation. m • • The Senate of the Cambridge Uni versity has forbidden students to drive motor cars, also to drive in hired vehicles without insurance against third party risks. It is es timated that fifteen hundred under graduates drive cars to Gambrid-'e. Following the de-registration of the Seamen's Union, members of the management committee of the organ lsatlon are assembled in Melbourne. Representatives of all the States are attending and plans are being formu lated to meet the new situation. mm* Advices from Geneva report that Mr. Austen Chamberlain (British I Minister for Foreign Affaire) and party have arrived to attend the meeting of the Council of the League 1 of Nations. It is expected that im portant questions will be discussed with M. Briand (the French Minis ter) , with regard to the Security Pact • * • In connection with the Chinese riots it Is reported from Shanghai that the sympathetic strike of stud ents at Kai-Feng is growing In in tensity. There Is a strong feeling against foreigners and the position is regarded as most serious. • w a The Carlton (V.) Football Club In sured against rain falling during its carnival at the Motordrome. Although heavy rain ruined the carnival on Friday night, the policy expired too soon. The club was Insured against 10 points of rain falling between 5.30 p.m. and 8.30 p.m. on Friday. One point fell in that time, ahd heavy rain began to fall about 9 o'clock. • • • Following a police raid on an al leged Chinese gambing bouse in Little Bourke Street, Melbourne, 160 Chinese appeared In' the City Court House last Tuesday morning. Eight were charged with having had the care and management. of the house, and others with having been found in the common gamblng house rn m m The Queensland Public Sendee Commissioner has stated that the ex- . amination for promotion In the Tax ation Department, which the State Service Union declared "black" would be held on June 29th. If no candidates presented themselves, th3 Government will fill the positions. I A Sofia (Bulgaria) telegram states that the death sentence pronounced J upon Madame Nlcolava, in oonneo- j tion with the bomb outrage at the Cathedral, hsa been commuted to light seclusion for life. Mr. Robert Phillips, of Richmond, (V.), was beaten and kicked into in sensibility, outside the Melbourne Motordrome last Saturday night, by three footpads, who obtained only 9/- from their victim. The police ar£ searching for his assailants. A telegram from Innisfail (Q-), states that another trainload of for eigners for the Innisfail and Babin da districts has arrived, many being unable to speak a word of English. The bringing of these men Into the district under cover of darkness is bedleved to be due to a desire to avoid any hostile demonstration.^ Klans Karistensen died at the Ho bart Hospital from injuries received In the shooting on the Scow Cathkln. In a statement, the captain of the vessel explained that his revolver discharged when he was endeavour ing to dodge a blow aimed at hiB head by Karistensen. The International Cotton Confer ence, at present being held in Vienna has passed a motion urging the Gov ernments of all countries where cot ton can be produced advantageously, I to stimulate the development of the industry, on a commercial basis. Following a family quarrel a basket maker at Coburg (Germany) killed with a hatchet, while they were sleeping, his wife, rriotjer, bro ther-in-law, sister-in-law, and the latter's five children. He then hang ed himself. ■ • ■ As the Fiain is uns jltable for pa trolling floating Ice, she is being withdrawn 'rotu Spitzbergcn and an other ship whl assist the xfobby. Two aeroplanes to assist In the search for Amundsen have been despatched from Horten (Norway). • • » Neguibhel Bawi, an ex-convict, who was the chief agent employed by the police in their investigations in to the murder of the Sirdar (Sir Lee Stack), has received the reward f £10.000, which was offered by the Government for the apprehension of the murderers. LET IT BE KNOWN. The widest publicity should be given to the fact that summer diar rhoea and dysentery can be relieved by the judicious use of Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy. It never fails. When reduced with water and sweetened It Is pleasant to take, which is Important when the medicine must be given to small children.—Sold everywhere. 