Racial Differences Long Hands and Round Heads "Not long l;efore the war (lie rene gade Englishman Houslon Chamber- Iain developed for the edification o£ tlie Kaiser arid his subjects tlio theory that nearly all tho great men of his tory, including the Founder of Chris- tianity, belonged to the Nordic race, a breed of supermen represented by tlie Germans and Scandinavians, and. with soriie dilution, by the English," writes Dean Inge in the "Morning Toiil." "Anyone who knows tlie physical characteristics of the three strains which make up tlie population of Europe can seo for himself that the Germans are not Nordics, but a mixed race in which the stocky, round-headed Alpine breed predominates. "The purest Nordics arc to bo found in -Sweden: next to the Swedes in racial purity ' come the Norwegians, Dunes, Dutch. . and English. Else where the Nordics aro an aristocratic type differing markedly from tlie masses, especially in the towns. "Has the Nordic race the superiority which has been claimed for it? And are racial differences, apart from nationality, a very Important factor in European history? Race and national ity arc quite different things. The only definition of a nation is a large group of people who wish to belong together. Tlie French, for example, aro intensely national, -but racially tliey belong to three different stocks. "Mr. Lothrop Stoddard, who is well known as a prophet of racialism in tlie interpretation of history, lias lately put liis theory to the test by visiting almost every country in Europe, and lias given his experience to the world in a bril liant and extremely interesting- book called 'Racial Realities in Europe.' It is, of course, a defence of a particular theory, wlileli-may be only one of several keys for unlocking the mys teries of national life: but 1 cannot doubt thai the author has opened out a very fruitful line of study, and that tho philosophy of history will in the .future have to pay more attention to tlie factor of race than it has done hitherto. "The main facts of race distribution are well known, and there is no. longer any serious difference of opinion .among experts. . "Europe contains two long-headed races, the Nordics antl the Mediterra neans, and tlie one round-headed race, the Alpines. "The Nordic is tall and fair; tho Mediterranean shorter and more slen derly built; his hair and eyes are dark, his skin olive or swarthy. The Alpine is broad and sturdy, clumsily made, and usually dark. The Swedes, Spaniards, and Russians supply typical examples of these three types; though we must riot select an aristocratic Rus sian/who may be a purb Nordic, nor the Mongolised type, which is very comriipn, as" an impolite proverb about scratching a Russian and finding a Tartar indicates. ' . "Dfferec'es of mind and tempera ment are as well marked as' variations in. height, figure, . and colour.. The Mediterranean Is emotional; passionate, .wanting in' tenacity. . He is sociable, but undisciplined; and rarely founds a stable' of . Strong government except under Nordic leadership. He excels in the arts arid in the joy of living. From various causes, tlie Mediterraneans of to-day are racially Impoverished, and are . sometimes, as in .Portugal and Souih Irelaridi of very poor quality. "The Alpines aro the typical peas ants, sturdy, tenacious, stolid, and un imaginative. They are not warlike, l?Ut have -a gift- for peaceful, penetra tion, soqking in among Mediterranean populations and ' supplanting thom. The .Nordics have conquered them, but have' gradually been absorbed by their dogged, subjects. In Germany tho Alpines" have spread at the expense of tlie Nordics in France at the expense of the. .Mediterraneans. ' Both countries are now pretddoriiinantly routidheaded. The ruling class in an Alpine popula tion is seldom of the same breed as tho ruled'. . I "The Nordics arc essentially a northern race.. They are distinguished by a restless creative energy, which carried them far to the south and east of their homes. The Aryan conquerors of India, Homer's Achaean's, the ruling class ill ancient Rome, the Franks and Normans, were all Nordics. To-day their chief hope of racial predominance lies in the United States and in tho British Dominions. The Americans have resolved, just in time, that tliey will not allow themselves to be swamped by alien immigrants. Tlie Nordic has political ability, and Is to; sensitive of liis personal rights to tolerate tyranny, "Towards other raccp he is proutl and exclusive; he will not willingly mix his blood with theirs. He loves good living, and is therefore a high- standardd man — a doubtful advantage for his survival value. Tlie Nordic is also penalised by bis lighting qualities. In every war lie is the first to volun teer and the first to fall. Every great war has diminished the Nordic stock. Perhaps tlie three most disastrous struggles, from this point of view, were the Thirty Years' War, tho American Civil War and tlie recent Great War. "It is probable that the hatred of tho privileged class, which has, several times led to violent revolutions, has a racial origin. One of the cries against the aristocrats in the French Revolu tion was "Send them back to the Ger man marshes whence they came. And nothing delighted tho small, dark mob who gathered around the guillotine more more then when tlio exccutlonee!" hold mi the head of a lady by her long blond "luiir. In Russia the aristocracy which lias been massacred by the -Bol- . slieviks was largely of Nordic origin, and tlie same is true of Ireland. It has lieeir proved that almost every distin guished Irishman is of English or Scottish descent. "Mr. Stoddord's theory makes him a good friend to this country He con siders that we aro a very homogeneous nation, since the Alpine roundheads are not represented in our population. This is tlio more curious, because there was once a round-headed race in Britain, who buried their dead in round barrows, but tliey seem to have died out, after leaving (according to one theory) the so-called Celtic language behind them. "The British, before the English conquest, he regards as pure Mediter raneans, who made their way far north of their usual limit, tempted by the mildless of our climate. To me, how ever, it seems probable that these Medi terranean invaders amingled with an earlier Neolithic stock, of which no thing is known. Tlio island Was in habited before the coming of tlie Medi terraneans; and tlie non-Nordic parts of the population, such as the Welsh, are surely different from the pure Southerners, sturdier in build, and un like in feature. The Nordic invaders, Including tho Normans, were all of kindred race, and fused readily with each other." ."I entirely agree witli his unstinted admiration of the three Scandinavian nations. He notices tlio for-seelng wis dom which prevented the Swedes from declaring war upon seceding Norway, a war which would have left both at the mercy of Russia; tho moderation of the Danes in claiming only the purely Danish part of Schleswlg-Holstetn, and their good-natured concession of auto nomy to the 90,000 inhobitants of Ice land: anil, lastly, the prudent states manship of tlie Swedes in not taking tlie purely Swedish Alan Islands from Finland. They knew that a friendly Finland might bo very useful to them In llio future." ., 