Returned Soldiers Busy Day at Conference Alien Immigration Problem The R.S.S.I.L.A. annual conference got through a considerable amount of business at yesterday's session. Alien immigration was lengthily discussed.- BANANA DISEASE. Air. Campbell (Committee of Direc- tir.:i> pointed out that tho importa tion of Fiji bananas should be prohi bited. Professor Go.ddard hnd stated that the disease of "sigtoke" was worse than "bunchy top," and it was admitted that the banana Industry south of Xerang practically was wiped out; even at Buderlm the dreaded bunchy top had made its appearance. A delegate remarked that it was strange that Fiji successfully was ex porting bananas to New Zealand. Con ference passed a resolution to the effect ' that an embargo should be placed upon all Fijian fruits, and tlwse of any other country from which there was a danger of infectious disease. This resolution to bo conveyed to the proper author ities In the interests of-, returned soldiers engaged in the banana Indus try. POPPY APPEAL. Resolved that the district! conference emphatically protests against the appeal made on November 11, of each year for funds for despatch to Franco, more particularly in view of the desti tution amongst returned soldiers, amply evidenced by tho frequent ap peals for funds and even left oft clothing, through the columns of the metropolitan Press, and that .while this appeal is continued : for such a purpose, tho sub-branches in this district refuse to participate. . The resolutiori " was carried with one- dis sentient It was pointed . out that Aladame Guerin had sent out ten thousand popples ' which arrived -on an already overloaded market. WAR NURSES' FUND. This - matter became the centre of considerable discussion. It was pointed out by Mr.' Ford that a room was at the disposal of the nurses in the Anzac Club building, but that so far it had not been availed of. The amount to credit of this fund was £9,000. Mr. Hopkins spoke strongly in favour of the more liberal distribution of the. fund; it should be made more readily available to such nurses as -were in distress. Inquiries were pro- ceeding. SUGAR GROWING IN PAPUA. ' Air. Hopkins pointed out that New. Guinea virtually was now alt integral : part of Australia;. If. the white men here did not cultivate and develop it., some, other nation certainly, would. It was resolved that the- Federal Gov ernment Inquire, into' the. - possibilities of sugar growing' in Papua' by returned soldiers. PICTURE FILAIS.. The motion before the conference was "That the Commonwealth Govern ment be approached with a view of limiting the importation of American films, and that encouragement he given to firms producing films of Australian scenery, &c.; Also. that th"e' importation of British films be encouraged." This was carried on tlie motion of Mr. Hopkins. , ALIEN LMAIIGRATION. Mr. Alanly (Cairns) spoke strongly on the strong tide of alien " immigrants to North Queensland, though he ad mitted that a' good many .of the Italians seemed satisfactory. He moved, "That .strong endeavours bo ntado to have restriction placed upon the influx of foreign immigration." Mr. Hopkins instanced 600 or 700 indi viduals who landed at Fremantle on Saturday, with a case of smallpox in cluded. To the motion was added, "That the matter of restricting alien immigration be brought before con gress." The secretary (Mr. Simpson) read out the following table- of arrivals into Australia during the- year ended June 30, 1924:— Q'land. C'wealth. British 3,662 83,159 Italian .. ..... 427 2,032 Greek . . .... 40 3,021 U.S. A 14 . 3,264 Danish ,, 30 331 Dutch .9 222 Frencli 1 633 German ... 15 143 Norwegian .... — 54 Russian .. 351 305 Swedish .... 2 73 Swiss 3 232 Maltese .... 28 243 Other white races' 83 1,107 Totals .. 4,445 90,024 Chinese . . . . 402 3,951 Japanese .. .. 37 472 Javanese 1 360 India and Ceylon 5 x 398 Syrians .... 2 . 290 Papuans '271 326 Polynesians . . 0 187 Filipinos .... 6 SO Other coloured races 19 237 Totals .. 5,193 90,941 After discussion, _ Mr. Frazer-East (chairman) said. "After all we must ad here to our Ideas of fostering immigra tion front Britain. In U.S.A. wo seo instances of the third generation still unable to speak English We do not doubt that 'tho others' may he hard working and decently living people but they are not British, which is all that need concern us. This is peculiarly applicable to North Queensland." Ho had very great plcnsurn in supporting tho motion. Mr. Hopkins said that some of these aliens had fought with tho Allies— (interruption, "So did tho Senegaleso") — and had faithfully subscribed to tho ; Australian conditions of education and citizenship. Air Trudgeon finally moved, — "That llio Federal Executive he asked to deal with the Influx of individuals of alien origin, and that arrangements ho made for. a complete statement on tho sub ject from every sub-branch. And further, that an official meeting bo held as soon as possible, so as to place the views of the R.S.S.I.L.A. before tho Commonwealth Government, Insisting on necessary action being taken." — Carried. SOLDIERS ON UNPROFITABLE AREAS. In this connection, Becrburrum and a large portion iOf the Stnnthorpe settlements were singled out by tho president as hopeless proposi tions no matter what assistance the settler might receive. Visits made by Dr. Jackson and others confined tho fact that the settlers should ho trans ferred to localities which afforded reasonable chances of success. Mr. Trudgeon moved, "That tho State Government ho approached with tho object of enlisting its sympathy 111 the matter of allowing soldiers at Beer, buvi'um to vaeato their blooks, and remove them to localities sultahlp/fov .._H.iv ..JseUspn"., who was present, gave Instances of privation, and mentioned ihnt lie bud been informed that certain settlers wero making good, but lie, pei'sonally would like to seo the books in wbtdi such success was recorded. Tbt motion was carried unanimously. At this stage (5.30 p.m.) !i was de cided on the motion of Mr. Hopkins, that tho conference continue sitting till ,7 .n.ni. . . .... 