FARMERS' UNION RALLY. MEETING AT MOORNGAG HALL. Speaking at the combined meeting of the Swanpool, Taloug and Samaria .branches of: the VJ/.U. on Wednesday night last, MivRobt. Cook .said, iu the course of bis address, Unit he was pleased to see such' a large and repre sentative audience, us it displayed signs of interest in the V.F.U. move- H .1 I, l> <!(/., Iwk lt.k/1 JIIUlll. AUU1J JVtUO 4lt,V ML Il4l\l (ji > Vlt an ;\ddress in that hall on Co- opera tion, and lie was more convinced now I ban ever that co-operation wii., Hie vcry cornerstone of the primary pro ducers' structure.,. . He referred to what co-operation bad done l'or the Danish people, and what it could do for Australians. He spoke on the meat, wool, fruit, butler, wheat and other primary industries, and showed how shockingly they were disorganised, ani( explained what the Federal Go vernment h%d done, and were still doing to better the position of many of our industries' by giving statutory power to committees to organise and control marketing of their products by men elected by the producers them selves, such as the Dairy Produce Con trol Act and (lie Dried Fruits Act. His one long desire was to see the primary producers take complete con trol of their respective primary Indus tries on similar lines to the way in which manufacturers controlled their secondary industries, and lie was now satisfied that the day was not far dis tant when it would become an estab lished realness, with a Federal Rural Credit Bank to finance them. By or ganising their forces, (lie primary pro ducers could justly compel Liberal, Labor, or any other Government to give them a fair deal; but disunited as they were at present they were at the inei'cv (if rines and snecnbitors. He instanced the meat industry, where one firm practically controlled Mel bourne, our best market in the world. Willi unily. the beef and mutton pro ducers couRt control the Melbourne meat market, with better results lo themselves and a much cheaper joint to the consumers in Hie city. In this respect the Western and Murray Co operative Meat Works intended erect ing up-to-date abbat oirs to treat their shareholders' bullocks and sheep di rect from the fields to the works, then to the wholesale markets in the city, eliminating an army of truly untteees- t snry middlemen's , costs. . Mr. Cook I said that what could be ' done with I meal could be done with' oilier primary I industries. Greater encouragement, must lie given to country people, other wise tlieplrift to the cities would con- , Untie. Touching on Immigration, lie said wlml struck him most convinc ingly in ids travels over Australia was the need of more and more people. Wo laid an empty north — 520,6(10 square miles — wflh less than .3000 wiiiic people, u was ii unci 10 can the north a desert. He saw fat bul locks shipped I here 1100 lbs weight; for £1 per head, to be sent to Java. iMn Detention, rice, peanuts, and nu merous oilier tropical products nour ish there. Opened up, it will pasture many millions of sheep. R will cost R much money to do it. but if we fait j others may do it for us. as II is only the British navy that Is keeping while, wholesome and free our sunny Aus tralia, In conclusion, he appealed lo country people lo pull together. Their organisation was going through its baptism of Irials, (roubles and temp tation, .as all organisations have (o face in I lie early stages. But he was sure it would win through. The Coun try pnriy has come to stay, luui its ex pansion dopea/dod mainly on the eon- duet of its reprosoiitnl Ives, both in Parliament and at conference; 