PUSHING AUSTRALIAN TRADE Motto for Commercial Travellers. A high faith in Australia's future progress and - prosperity was expressed by the various speakers at the Conynercial Travellers' Club on Saturday evening, when the travellers were congratulated on pushing Australian trade. The hope was voiced that aCi would continue unabated their efforts in this desirable direction. The annual dinner of tbn Commercial Truvellerfc* and Waiohousponai'* Associa tion, in reJebration c-: 'Association Day'1 ?was held at ih-j ClubhouS'--, Vortlitcr iace, on Saturday cveninc. The i-r?»:- flr.at (Mr. Harrey J. Cook) W13 in tie chiir, and th«:re vras a, iir^ attoiviitsco. lh« principal gii-sts w.tc the Minister .it Mark-Is and Migration fScna:..r WT son), tie Prrrmier (Hon. .T. Gumn, the ??x-Agcnt-Gtnora! (Sir Edward Lucas); th» J-ord Mayor of AdoUid-j I Me O. K. J. Glover), the president of the Chambers o£ Commerce (Mr. Wallace Bruce), the pre tuicnt 01 the Chamber of Manufactures (Mr. S. Perry), the president of the Xational Roads Association (Mr. Norman II- Taylor), the Director of Education (Mr. W. T. McCoy), the Deputy Post master-General (Mr, J. ila«on), the Pub lic Service Commissioner (BrigjdiorGene raj S. Price Weir), the Commissioner oi Police (Brigadier-General K. L. Leane), the Chief Commissioner ot Railways (Mr. W. A. Webb), the Commissioner o£ Kail ?nays (Mr» Jas. McGuirc), the United President of the associatom (Mr. E. J. ? lark), the Past United President (Mr. W. 1L Shakespeare), the chairman of the Australian Steamship Owners' . Federation (Mr. J. E. llorpkett), the treasurer ot the association (Mr. W. G. Venus), Mr. A. E. Clarksou, and the president of the Adelaide Stock Exehangi: (Mr. AY*. B. t'arr). _ The chairman took the opportunity of introducing the uew secretary (Mr. C A. M. West), as this was the first jmblic gathering hcid by the association since his appointment. .Mr. West -was received with applause. He read a number 01 congratulatory messages from kin dred n«wciaiions throughout the Com monwealth. Australia. Sir Hdsrard Lucas, on rising to propose tlto toast oi 'Australia,' 'eras recurred 'nrstii applauce. He thanked them for the cor dial welcome, and said he was glad to be back among them. Commercial travel lers had contributed immensely to the in ternal trade of Australia, and also to the trade in other parts of the worjd. Travel Jera bad exercised a great influence in inspiring confidence among the people of other countries, and had done much to buSd up the trade of their beloved coun try. (Applause.) He realised in speak ing to the travellers he was addressing a gathering of hard-headed business men. ?Some critics complained of the small popu lation oi Australia, but rrhea the facts wore taken into consideration, it would be Been that there -was very little to complain about. A hundred years ago the popu lation was 22,000, and at that time the population -hi the United States was nine and a half millions. Whereas the population of the United States had in creased twelve times, that of Australia had grown 200 rimes. (Applause.) At the end of the tirst ceatnry Australia had more than double the population of Canada in the same period, in spite of the tremen dous disadvantages of distance with whicii Acftralia would always have to contend. The population of fix millions is Austra lia to-day in relation to what had taken place in other countries, answered the criticism. A. Voice — We wont more houses. (Laughter.) Sir Edward raid that i£ they possessed 'their souls in patience they would no doubt' get more houses. As an instance of the difficulties whicii had to be overcome by the early settlers be mentioned the case of a pioneer who had to pay £40 a ton for wirenetting. When all the difficulties that had been overcome '?'ere taken into consideration ' with the position Australia now enjoyed' he thought the critics should come to a more generous conclu sion. - (Applause. They had 'a mar vellous Heritage, whicli he was afraid they did not value highly enough. It was aatonishms what Austra lia had acctnnpftgncd. The external trade of Australia hit year totalled £318,000,000, ??qual to £53 per capita. The revenue from the Federal and State Department* to talled -£165,000,080 per annum. The value of production was £300,000,000. The taxa tion totalled £09,000,000. Y'ct they did not murder those who attempted to col lect it. (Lanahter.) What other country could' snow similar results? An achieve ment to tbe creict ot South Australia of which they should 'all feel proud was the construction of the overland telegraph line. This was d6ne~ when -the State had a, popu lation «f-ooly£WM»0 people. Thui would stand- Jor ?aJfctnae «s a credit to the «ni.er prw it- *he- people. (Applause.) Their forbears-uuiit have had in mind the famous motto' of ta*- CaJneronians, 'I 'will either I find a, wjy or make one.' KpSsrrin? to the position o: ihe Empire :'n tlic Pacific, 1 fr;r J-jlwarit 6a:d it was absolutely essen j tial tfut tb-* Empire shonM continue to j ponce the seas. The supremacy o; the r.mj»re jOinuJd be waint&iaed; at ail co5:s (Applause. 1 The Federal and State Parliaments. Tie Problem i.Mr. 0. J. Cxi;, in propoKiig -The Federal and State l'ariia 1 merits,' said :he association was nou poiitica!, but they etood for whit was just and rigUt. The Prime Minister could not. be present, bu: ihey had a worthy sub stitute in Senator Wilfon. The dried 11-jit industry was an important one in Austra lia, i-enator WiUon had been successful in obtaining a substantial prcterer.ee. He congratulated him i:pon brinj the first Minister of Markets and Migration. (Ap plause.l From the remarks oftJic Pre mier th»y were satisfied that tie Gov ernment, were dolnjc their utmost to make the roads of the State bcttpr for commer cial travellers and others who used them. The roads w?re fairly bad, and anything the Government could do would he (rreatly appreciated by the travellers. (Applause.) Markets and Migration. Senator Wilson responded on behalf of the Federal Government. He said he was wondering whether he would be able to attend the next annual dinner, aud thus complete the hat trick. The Prime Minis ter had risked Uim to express regret at his inability to be present. Xo depart ment was more directly eonceitod with the travellers thau that of which he had tho honor to have charge. H- could not make a sueces- of it without the loyal co operation of the community. The Govern ment had no desire to be traders, but they did desire to help the prodiicTS 10 set that to whicli they were entitled— a fair return for their product;. (Applause.) The Department of Markets aud Migration was fftabliskod on January 16 last. Its activities were: — ta) To deal wilb all mat ters connected with oversea marketing of Australian primary products; (b) the selec tion abroad of people for settlement in Australia on the request of the States; (c) the Board of Trade (inclnding Com mercial and Industrial Bureau) t (d) the Australian Meat Council; (c) the Austra lian Fruit Council; (f) the Australian Dairy Council; (g) the Dried Fruit Control Board; (h) the pair; Produce Control Board; (i) the British Empire Exhibition; (j) the New Zealand Exhibition, and (k) the Institute of Science and Industry- The department had necessitated no additional expenditure. A eavin? of abont £1,600 per annum had l-ecn effected without cur* tailing any service previously given to the public Five separate departments had 'been consolidated. If lie uol away with all the goods he mentioned, they would admit he had a fair bag of samples. (Laughter.) The economy was due to the amalgamation of work and the utilisation of existing staffs. The department was giving effect to the policy of the Govern ment that financial and other ossd&ancc; should be rendered to tho primary pro ducers to enable tlicir surplus to be effec tively marketed abroad Dried Fruit Over £'200,000 was advanced to enable the 1925 dried fruit crop to be produced. The Government had postponed the re payment, of the advencc. Half would be paid in 192G and the balance in 1927. The Dried Fruit Control Board had placed marketing arrangements abroad, particu larly in London, on a very satisfactory basis. The board expected heavy realisa tions in Great Britain during the next three or four weekp. Funds bad been pro vided by the board, and an extensive ad verti^inK campaign was started throughout the United Kingdom. In New Zealand the board arranged for two of the large&t; distributers to act exclusively for Australia and handle Australian dried fruit only. Under the former system a. large number of sellers were competing with one an other in New Zealand with the result that returns to the growers were 'unsatisfactory. Efforts were being made to have Austra lian drini fruit Drought under a. pre ference tariff. The board was' arranging to place quantities of fruit in Canada to secure advantages under the proposed tariff arrangement. Dairy Produce. On and after August .1 last all exporters of butter and cheese must obtain a. license from the Deportment of Markets and Migration: .The licenses would be for a period of twelve months on condition that cai-h exporter furnished the Control Board, within ecven days of the shipment of the produce, with full particulars of its destina tion, and also furnished the price at which the produce was wld. The butter exported last season from Australia totalled 65,000 ton=. an increase of over .Y.,000 louij on the previous ycir. L»st yir's exports j were valued at, £10^00,-X». . Dairying wat» not always 'a cow o: a game-'' (Laugh wx.) Price* were expected to remain firm for wmc time to come. An excel lent advertisement was being obtained at Wembley through the distribution of Ans tniian butter in sinill packages bearing the national ''Kangaroo' brand. The Lou- 1 don 'Grocer' in June last referred in com- j plimentary terms to the uniform high «;in- 1 daid and «iualiiy of Au!5i.ra'.i.in. butler, and j the popularity 01 the butter so:d -under the j national brand. It also stated that in! flavor and texture th* butter compared with the home or Danish products. The , boird was concentrating it* *-ffoi is on , securing a reduction on freight aud insu rance, and hoped to secure good returns for dairy farmers during the coming era son. Apples and Canned Fruit. j The app-e export season had been aa ex- ] I cellent one. The total exported was ; 2.117,782 c:res. Poutii Australia exported I 130,533 cases. Prices iroifi 10.fi to 27/ veri I case were realised. The average price J was about 16-10. The markft was un-: Umited i: they give the quality. In can- : ncd fruit a freight subsidy was arranged for on apricots and pineapples. The Go vernment were ah-o helping canners to ex- ! port about 150,000 cases of surplus fruit in } order to prevent a carry-over into the next season. In connection with the advertis ing scheme abroad, funds were being pro vided, and a scheme was being arranged in co-operation with the Dried Fruit and Dairy Produce Control Boards. The im provement of dairy herds was now under the consideration of the Government. The necessity for this should be apparent to everyone, considering some of the animals now being bred. At the British Empire Exhibition the exhibits were very satisfac tory and the attendances good. Mr. E. Lee Xeit was succeeded by Mr. Justly { Rawlings, of Anthony IIordcrTs, Limited,) Sydney. The 192i balance showed thiti the Commission -Jived within the vote of the Federal and State Parliaments. Space was secured at the Xew Zealand Exhibi tion, and arraupfment* were made for supervision by the Commonwealth. The exhibition offered a good opportunity for Austra'ii to advertise its products* and mauufai-turcs, particularly in dried fruit, canned fruit, and wine. The reorganisa tion of the Institute of Science and Indus try would bo. effected shortly. Investiga tion would be proceeded with forest, pro -'n««, liquid fuel, cold stoiago of food, stock diseases and pests, plant diseases and ! pests, and insect diseases and pcst«. The Government's object was that the insti tute might render effective service to their primary and secondary industries. He ad mitted be did not know much about the subject, but realised the necessity for mak ing the best uses of scientific research. Under British preference Australia ex pected to benefit to the extent of about £850,000 this year in connection with cur rants, sultanas, lexias, sugar, and wine. Efforts were being made to extend the New- Zealand preference to include dried fruit. Canadian preference was expected to operate shortly. The Migration Agreement. Since the Commonwealth assumed con trol overseas in March, 1921. assisted migrants to the number of 95,357 had bten brought to Australia. During last year 25,000 arrived. Under the new agreement between the British, Commonwealth, and Stale Governments, £31,000,000 would be available for land settlement and for the development of reproductive enterprises in Australia, us .in interest, payment by the States of 1 per cent, for five years and one-third of the ?effective interest for the second five yeir*. The passage money agreement operating from Mar I last was: —Children under 12 years of age, free; chil dren J2 to 17, £5 10/; children 17 10 19, domestic servants, and married couples (with one diiM under 19 years). £11; other;', 3£16 10/. This represented a con sidcrabie reduction on previous fares. The balance of the money would be fnund by the- British and Commonwealth Govern ments. Commercial travellers throughout the Commonwealth yore Iteming very con siderably in popularising the' scheme. One thing Australians bad to get rid of was prejudice. Australia, had brought out many migrants since the war, and they should not cast them aside. They fibould give iliem a word of encouragement, and help them like their forefathers had done to others many years ago. (Applause.) The North-South line. The Premier, on rising to respond on behalf of- the State Government, was loudly ebcjred, and several members of ths company eaug the chorus, 'We want Johnny Ounn.** He thanked them for the warm welcome. This was the second occasion on_ which he had the pleasure and privilege of attending their, annual din ner, which was always a. pleasant recol lection. When he £aw a representative of the Federal. Government present lie tried to think what lie should urge them to do for the States. - He coaM assure his friend, Mr. Wilson, he hid not to think very hard. There was always a good deal outstanding owing to the States on behalf -of the Commonwealth. (Laugh- j tor.) At the dinner iasi year be 'told j them that South Australia liad entered into a supplementary agreement with the Com monwealth Government by which the State hoped the long loolced for star; would be made witk the building of the Xorth South line. He truncd Senator Wilson . could give the assurance that tbe Bill giving- effect -« the agreement would be introduced daring the next month. (Ap plause.) Senator Wilson — Will the hon. member iiniJK- give notice? -Xaught-;r.t A voice — I*«ue a writ. fLaughtcr.1 Another voice — Make him apologise. (Laughter.) Tbe Premier said his opinion was that the Federal Government wore on!y wail ing for the «-ham-c to ratify the ajtrcc ment, and would urge the early construc tion of tbe line.' Diirin' the next few weeks their eyes would be on the Com monwealth Parliament, and they looked to their repn-«entative in llie Ministry (Sena tor Wilson), together with the oilier mem bers, to do their best. (Applaufe.) Good Roads. The president, had reminded him of the question of better road*.. He thought the xedera'. Government might weli help with some ot the furpiuws they bad been gather ing of late. The States were entitled to; a larper share than tlicy had hitherto re ceived. Some of the money obtained in duties on agricultural implements might well be devoted to the 'rura! arras in road construction. (Applause.) The un-j keep of ti«; roads should not fall emire.vj upon the States. He hoped Senator Wi'- ] son would crt the ear of the Federal I Treasurer (Dr. liarle 1'agc) when iram-l ing hi- Budget, and induce him 10 makoj available a larger turn fnr the roads on South Australia. (ApplirufiO Good' roads made for greater agricultural -Jcve- 'opaicnc. In this Stite they m« 'o't! particularly to rural development to :n-i n-ea«- the production 01 wealth. By that I ha did cot pjgce'l they should not build j i i;p their secondary industries*. Those in-' I dostritv were 5-oing hufit np. not the 1 ! creates! bu:k 01 wealth came from pri- j miry product i--vn. and it was necessary to I have up-to-date iransportition to farther | t5iat development. He was 'ure tiie op-| jtimistit' note wunied by Sir Kd*-ard Laoasj I was ciiirartc-ristic of his many utterances : ', in Great Britain. Tbey sh«-a!.d «iot, bow. I j ever, aiiow their optimism to blind them : j to their most urgent ner-ds. They hid i xo coEswer ihe amount of th? S;jt:e's j -kbt. T\Tien they roaiiscl tiiat the in j tonc«: biii at, present w-a« j= marh as vie; i Total revenue of the State 20 yesre ago, ; j ther would und»rsUnd the need that j rxi=tea for jrroater oevclopmcc:. J: :be ? Gavernmcr.; ?p.-Tit larpc sums on wajor ! works. rr^id«, railway?-. nni5 other dcvclor). j Tnoni.3) works they V*.-! t'ir rig'it to i-'s- ! pec: tTist ihe land safrvfti ?x-on'.i h? trit j to tlic bf.'t use. (Appia;;^.i ? The Association's Proaress. I In propos:nr '.\~vcia;ion Day,' M;-. ^T'. i G'vr?? Verm* i\\-ice-prr.-:jcnt) said :aey i v. e;e .v-hratiajr the thiitivt'; anniversary' ( c-- -Jie I'nited CT.A. ot Aj^'jIj. Tac : j association was enjoyin; ?xondeiiui T-ro^- ] peris y ihrmiglvrit Aarialia- iHrar. ? J:-*r.) On October I they ho;»d to Isur.rh I a 5vhpoie :lmr would he fcnowa a*; The ? I'r.iteii CT.A. Thrift I'ntid. Tins princ:j-s! : f'K'fet -wouli be to provide for old n^, i 5Hu it was cue ',n ihe Souih Aiistra^iaa ' members thst :i iad b-vn #:=itec. (A-- IX-issiso.) ; Tite Vn'itci p.-e«jer.f Ofr. K. .T. Caii) s-Mtr.i iliat. -..-..?- l'n:t---d CT.A. was a na t'onai l«iiiv. and was wril known a? sura. Rffen'lv he hid j'lacei- Iwfore ::«? Pr:w* Minister -!-v~stons rfached at. their u« c--:i;Vren.-e. Trade Tvitiia tj? Kmp:rp vas J one of i^:e:.r Tiioitoei, and rvory lneaVnf-r I of the TTniica V'-T.A. ?»«£ :i;i aaont in i*in ? ii-Ter'-'.s of immigration, another maf.fr ' in *.vh:»*!i tiie .i.-^*ciat iou »ia^ taken a gicat J jntrres:. He referred in the r-!nneor* -??! 1 t.*ir a-^i.*1:^::-'^.. par'.i-i^arA* to Mr. Att I d-i-a- ,1.1.};. i Forthcrinp the Interests of i Australia. i T; ? -:-!-?:?? .-? :?'?- fiTK'-':- «: On !m,-.- iMr. w., ;..,-- li-xc .?i'.wvv,--; ?:???- ; t-i- '?.A. CvTirr.n-:-i: T:.-.rc'.er*' ariJ. WarehoTts.-TYiar.V Ai.S.-».-:J::r.Ii.- TT- ,,;, j t.io a«soriat:,-in »s-= :':Rther:np :'.i--. :ati-iv-t» : «; :'ie\: :~m: On-.m.-mn-.-iJ;;,. :,n,l ?-.»-?;. I cuJ;-:-:y r:..,:,- ,.- Si:::b A:i-trai;a. T:. ^-.?.--:.-i:;.-.n .-:-i.-..: to-.iay .1= ;l a,.™,,,,,,. :,-, t:ie toro^aii; aa-i jw: :?;cn: o: i'x- ;.|«.nri-~ c: liie ('.T.A. 1 Anr-!.-»n.-r ) A- -,ir.-.,!,.... o: :'iie- Ti»m:ier.--' r.vnmt-vr- h - V,.;!: i ;;£ ir.g :.T t-:' aivtlri.- inciit ..; t-al- .:;??: ?''^':''o.*A. V. T,v,k::i .-.:,.. T,;. -:?-.?;: ;?- ''Sor^r «??:.- ...:i: .;.-;-. =-.j '..-. M. -v-. I;,.. ?:,-?: 3-;,.i. .;.»?.?.„, .!..::?». ?::'. ',,:.i J -v. A;-'.v,.- \'\i \z-. ..: ? - '. ? ?.,?- . ? e i nlr-ed Ii; M:. r:.i:-.k B-i- .:-r.'« O.- — ^. 