Europe To-day .| Influence of Race Not long before the war (writes Dean Inge in tho London "Mornins Post"), tho renegade Englishman, Houston Chamberlain, developed for the edification of the Kaiser and his subjects a theory that nearly all the great men of history, including the Founder of Christianity, belonged to the Nordic race, a breed of supermen represented by the Germans and Scandinavians, and, with some dilu tion, by the English. Anyone who , knows tho physical characteristics of thq three strains which make up the population of Europe can see for him self that the Germans' are not Nor dics, but a mixed race in which the .stocky, round-headed Alpine breed predominates. Tho purest Nordics are to ho found In Sweden; next to the Swedes In racial purity, come the Nonveginns, Danes, Dutch, and Eng- liah. Elsewhere the Nordics are an aristocratic typo, differing markedly from the masses, especially in the towns. Has tho Nordic- race, "the superiority which has been claimed for it? And are racial differences, v pnrat from nationality, a , very important factor in European. history? Race and nationality are quite . different things. The only definition 'of , a. nation 1b a largo group of people who wish to belong together. The French, for example, aro intensely national, hut racially they belong to three different StMr.S'Lothrop Stoddard,; who Is well known as a prophet - of racialism in the Interpretation of history,, has lately put his theory .to the test by visiting almost every country lrj Europe, and has given his experience to the world in a brilliant, and ex- tremely Interesting book called "Racial Realities In Europe.. It is, of course, a defence of particular theory, which may bo several keys for unlocking tho wys tcrics of national doubt that tho author has Peno,d."r a very fruitful line of study, and that tho philosophy of hlstory will athe future have to pay moro attention, to the factor of race than it has done hlthert the three races. Tho main facts of race f lis1 til bu tton avo well known, and theie Is no longer any ' serious difference of opinion among experts. tains two long-headed laces, thoNoi dies and the Medtterrapeans a-id one round-headed race, the Alpines. Th Nordic 1h tall and fair; the. Meuit erranenn shorter and moro slenderly built; his hale and eyes nredaikWs "hroTnnd sturdlv' ' clumsily made, and usually dark.- Tho Swedes, Span- larL an<l Russians supply typical examples of these three types; though wo must not select an ailstociauc Russian,' who may VioU\vMch is nor tho Mongollsod I) pe. >\ men -J? very common, as an impolite P10. - about scratching a Russian and find ofdl0mind and tempora- mcnt aro as well marked as variations in lieicht.' figure,' and coloui. in© Mediterranean is emoUcnnl, IJ8®10 founds a stable or strong government except under Nordic leadorHhip. ® excels In the arts, and Intho y living Prom various causes, in«- i'JSwi ' maawl"ntl»S J- Nnriiics liavo coiKiucreu tnem, hut havo gradually been absorbed by their dogged subjects. In Germany fho AIdIuch havo spread at tho cx- nonse of The Nordics. In Franco at ran oxnensc of tho Mediterraneans. l!l .i aro now prcdomln- Stlv round-headed. Tho ruling class in an Alplno populatjon ls aeidom of tho same breed as the i.ulca. THE NORDICS. The Nardics are essentially a nor thern race, They are distinguished by a restless creative energy, - which carried' them far to the south and east of their homes. The Aryan con querors of India, Homer's Achaens, the ruling class In the ancient Rome; the Franks and Normans, were all Nordics. To-day their chief hope of racial predominance lies in tho United States and in the British Dominions.'. The Americans have re-, solved. Just in time, that they, will not allow themselves, to. be swamped by alien Immigrants. The . Nordic has political ability, and is too sensitive of his . personal rights to _ tolerate tyranny. .Towards other race's he _is proud and exclusive; he will -not willingly mix his blood with theirs. He loves-.good living,, and is therefore a high-standard man — a' doubtful ad vantage for his survival, value. The Nordic Is'" alsof penalised by his fight ing qualities. In every war he is the first to volunteer and the first to fall. Every great war- lias diminished tho Nordic sotck. : KINDRED BRITAIN. Mr. Stoddart's . theory,' makes him a good friend to. Britain; He con- \- skiers that we are' a very homo geneous nation, since . the Alpine roundheads are not' ' represented In our population. This IS the moro curious, because there was onco a round- headed race In Britain, who buried their, dead iff round barrows; but they seem to have died out, after leaving (according to one theory) the so-called Celtic language behind them. The British, before tho. English con quest, he regards as pure - Mediter raneans, who made tlieir way for north of their usual limit, tempted by tho mildness of our climate. To me, \- however, it seems probable that those Mediterranean invaders mingled with an earlier Neolithic stock, of which nothing is known. The island was Inhabited before the coming -of the Mediterraneans; and the non- Nordic parts of the population, such as the "Welsh, are surely different from tho \- pure Southerners, sturdier in build,' and unlike in feature. The Nordic ln- ' vaders, including the Normans, were all of kindred race, and fused readily with each other, Tho homogeneity of our people is' a great safeguard against revolution. A foreigner is struck with the quiet, tem perate way In which political possi bilities are discussed hero. Nobody seriously believes that a revolution in England is probable. "Tho British working man," Mr. Stoddard thinks, "is about tho poorest material for a red revolution that can ho imagined." He also finds- abundance of coolness and common- sense, which ho regards as Nordic qualities, in tho English charac ter. "Englishmen rarely waste time spinning elaborato logical theories of what may happen in the future. In stead they look at what is happening in tho present, see what Is amiss, get after it, and keep their oyo on tho hall. This Is why in tho long run- they usually come out on top." . Our American friend noticed, when he went to Franco, the almost universal disposition to belittle England, to dony our achievements, and to predict our downfall. It is very much like what tho Germans did before the war. A German once exclaimed indignantly, "Why do you English all look such fools? You deceived us entirely; it was not fab-." The French, ought. to know us better, after fighting by our side; but It appears that they do not. Tho situation is serious, becauso wo aro grappling with gigantic difficul ties, frdm which no way, of escape 1s yet visible. But Mr. Stoddard- found that few. Englishmen doubted that wo shall will through somehow. I entirely agrco with thd author's unstinted admiration of tho three Scandinavian nations. IIo notices tho far-seeing wisdom which prevented tho Swedes from declaring war upon- seced ing Norway, a war which would have left both at tho mercy of Russia; tho moderation of tho Danes In claiming h_ _ only tho purely Danish part of Schlcswlg-I-Iolstcln, and their good- natured concession of autonomy to the 90,000 Inhabitants of Iceland; and lustly tho prndent statesmanship of tho Swedes in not taking tho purely Swed ish Aland Islands from Finland. They knew that a friendly Finland might bo very useful to Ihom in tho future. Thnt was an original bit of humour on tho part of a comedian who was Introduced to President Coolidgo ro- ccntly, at a reception given at tho Whlto House to a group of prominent actors and actresses. When tho actor In question was presented to the President, ho leaned forward, and said, inquiringly, "I didn't quite get .tlio name?."- . . . - , . 