Romance of Australian Goldfields Rush. • - t c One of the greatest romances of migration and fortune is revealed by he will of Mrs. Milliccnt Emily Salting, a rich Mayfair widow, who has left nearly £2,000,000 (says the London "Sunday News"). The foundations of this great wealth were laid by a poor Danish emigrant who went out to Australia 50 years ago. In no less romantic fashion the bulk of the fortune has passed, under two wills, to the old Scottish family of the Earl of Haddington. The present Earl inherits about £1,000,000 under the latest will. Friendless, and with little money, a young Dane went out to Australia in 1835—before the great gold rush—"to seek his fortune." How he found it and became a mil lionaire—first as sheepfarmer, then as merchant, and by taking advantage of the opening and development of the goldfields—is recalled by the death of Mrs. Millicent .Emily Salting, his daughter-in-law, whose will reveals an enormous estate of nearly £2,000,000. Fortune Doubled. Mrs. Salting lived in a spacious mansion in Berkeley square, a house famous for its art treasures. But since the death of her husband she has retired almost completely from ocial life, to live in a manner little suggestive of her vast wealth. When it was m ade known that the £991,324 left to her 19 years ago by her husband, Mr. William Severin Salting, son of the poor Danish emigrant, had been nearly doubled, even g i f 5 s B d the closest friends of Mrs. Salting were taken by surprise. Mr. Salting, sen., established himself as a sheepfarmer in Australia nearly 90 years ago, and made a success of it. When the gold rush of 1851 came and galvanised the whole country into a frenzied activity, he did what nearly able-bodied man in Australia did—he joined in the rush. And he was lucky. He found gold. In that mad stampede in the bleak wilderness, beneath which the gold waited the seeker in vast quantities, fortunes were sometimes made in a night. Men struck with a pick to find revealed to them the yellow sparklingtreasure of a King Solomon's mine. Nuggets weighing 500 ozs. and more were hacked out of the rock. One such was sold for £10,500. Land Investment. Mr. Salting extended his scope of money making. The cash he got for his gold he invested in land, and, with the enormous rises in values which followed the opening up of the country, the coming of the telegraph, railway and fresh population and capital, land proved a second gold mine for him. He joined forces with two other enterprising men, and founded the Sydney firm of Flower, Salting, Challis and Co. Salting was in on rockbottom prices. The country grew; he grew with it. When, in 1857, Mr. Salting determined to retire and settle in England with his two sons, William and George, he was reputed to be a millionaire, and he was. He bought a beautiful estate at Chertsey, Surrey, and there he lived until his death in 1865. His vast fortune he left to his two sons, each of whom inherited ove* £1,000,000. The eldest son, William, whose widow's will has just been proved, died in 1905, and left £991,324. His widow inherited this fortune intact. For 19 years she has lived quietly, never spending a tithe of her income. Waelth roiled in on her automatically, and her vast capital grew until, at her death at the age of 76, it had almost doubled itself. The gross value of her estate is £1,968,184. Mr. George Salting, the younger son of the Dani.-h immigrant, was a world-famous art connoisseur. He devoted his whole life to collecting objects of art. Society, luxury and travel did not interest him. He had only one passion—his art treasures. He lived alone in a small set of chambers in St. James-street, where his rooms were overcrowded with a unique collection of art treasures— pictures, rae books, sculptures, porcelains, enamels, bronzes, and old gold and silver. He was a well-known figure—an insignificant shabby-looking man, who rode on omnibuses and took his meals in cheap tea shops. g a t o i f His collection of Chinses porcelain was one of the finest in existence. At the spitzer art sale at Paris,, in 1893, he spent what was then considered the enormous sum of £40,000 on objects which took his fancy. On his death he bequeathed the greater part of his treasures to the National Gallery, the British Museum, and the Victoria and Albert Museum, South Kensington. His vast fortune—£1,348,083—he left to his niece (the only child of his sister-in-law, Mrs. Millicent Salting), who had married Lord Binning, eldest son of the eleventh Earl of Haddington. Rich Young Earl. The present Earl, 30 years of age, a son of Lady Binning and a grandson of Mrs. Millicent Salting on the maternal side—and therefore greatgrandson of the old Danish adventurer—won the M.C. in the war and owns about 34,000 acres of land. He married, last October, Miss Sarah Cook, daughter of Mr. C. W. Cook, of Montreal, a milliQnaire Canadian business man. Lord Haddington now receives, under the will of his grandmother, a fortune of about £1,000,000, as residuary legatee. Thus by these two giant bequests m o the Earl and his mother, the acumulations of the fortune of the emi- a m rant Dane have now passed, alpiost t ntact, to the Haddington family, a m amily whose history goes back nearly 00 years. Mrs. Salting stated in her will that he had omitted her daughter, Lady inning, from her will because aditional superfluous wealth would have been only adding responsibility to her. Other Legacies. Other bequests of the late millionaires include:— £150,000 to each of her grandchildren, Lady Helen and the Hon. Charles Baillie-Hamilton. £6000 each to her solicitor and bank manager. £10,000 in charity, and numerous smaller bequests to friends and relations. "She gave away enormous sums of money," said a lady who knew Mrs. Salting intimately, "especially during the war." She made over Hatch End, Ascot, one of her two country houses, to the Air Force in order that the soldiers might have comfortable rest quarters. She has bequeathed two cases of Battersea and Chelsea enamels to the nation. Kathleen Pearson, Mrs. Salting's maid, receives £1200, her amethysts in pfain gold setting, and her fitted dressing bag. Her butler, Albert Hawkins, receives £1000, and other servants are also "remembered." The death duties on the estate will amount to £670,000. Only four other women have left bigger fortunes than that of Mrs. Salting. 