lAOSntAUA'SRESOPRCES. aW Material. Semi Utm 1W* • wu delivered br *£. [ Taylor, at the asnsal MMfarf Patant Attorpan ol Aaag* Sbooraa, on , Friday, In (to ot wMdl U uM:- ralla unttnnate lathe _____ at each maUMal resource* tbeirtun and M i u m i -ermlly conaUerad to ta aiaeathe eatety oI a nrttoa. and jail It Is to develop a klfb of eMliaed life, ud aa boostatu amoncat tbo nmttoM. f aa to attain an7 considerable ot selfsagdsacy. ffliSKMK ' Rtwia and China, nraae that an poeatblr i • ttian oars, Bat, neeaaa u_aae ftaalc raaoaroea are —. ^oohatiT can become craat and Roe- 1 serosa, their possesion doaa not a". tlomattcallr ansae thaae renlfe Othonrlae, tbo cot prbbKblr be pre* - - others. and the leaaer territories ot England, Germany, Japan, Italy and othara, admitted great nafloM, would beot little account. Baaentlsl though tier an, purely 1 material naonrcee are of little worth .anises the people who control them -bring to bear upon them qualities ol <hlgh Intelligence and keen enterprise. iAad ao we moat flacs flret unoopt I ithe many reaoorcea of thla country "TObe people themselves. 4 Nor b thla statement the mere tra Hbm which at flrat sight It may appear. Land, labor, capital and organl- Nation an the tow tacton ot production, the great pillars that uphold Jour system of civilisation. and greatest of theae la organlaatlon. man brain developed latent In physical evolution, differentiating man ,rom the lower antmale by hie casualty for thought, ao organlaatlon 1> tue aoul of aoclal evolution, spelling ihe difference between aavagery ana civilised life. la ever Reeking progreea through i.bor and capital are practically BtA- Uc; In the main all we can do with uem we an already doing or know I ow to do. But the capacity of man to progreea In the application ot hla brain to further aystematleatlon and L^ploltatlon of tbe earth's reaourcea la The ftUate thla young nation an, thentore, Ita greateat aaaet In mctnal veal lb-making capacity, but far more eo In their potentiality (or further vealtb production through better organisation. And that meana Improvement ot the Individual type, through fcjncatlou and good condition*, and Inprovement of the national ayatem i ence ot oar people la atrDdngly nnovn In a table quoted In the Uel- l.ourne "Argua" <and reprinted In the ^.ISS.ii'S.u'jSSSSm.?-^.- tbe lmmlgranta to the United SUtnl of those of other nations. Anatrallana naturally do not appear In auch an Immigration uble, but we may (airly deduce that they would occupy at thorough blending of theae stocks—In an almosfperfoct environment—to be found In On whole world. It needs little imagination to conjectan the possibilities ahead ot thla Ufa of heredity and environment—an almost untainted etock, of high Intelllgense, an entirely favorable climate, bounteoua anpply of natural 'According to Hr. Wlckena, Common wealth Statistician, our population of leoe than six million people repreeeats a capita! value In the nation's . Of £11,600,000,000. Tbey are uahfced' l(r productive caps- . - - J. we derive much satisfaction from that statement. It certainly does look well alongside the estimates mads of the economic value of other nationals. But la It, when onr rare circumstances, the felfdty of onr land end climate, an taken country—high aa it may be by com Bat aven having regaM aolely to flu nrodaoara-Htnd In Oat category • W t t M M aU wSi oootrlbnta to Me wjffitSng of the conimmlty- " altloa leavea una to be de- If we called awa actance tor the aid nadlly avallaU^ luid iued the Innokaan we undoubtedly poaieae; ** — ' —on an overhaul of ol oar actlvMee. 1 that then would beadlfferent tale to tail. The growing comptaadtr -of modern. economic aodety wtn aitlmataly force upon 04 nliaile apUloatloc M onr mi oar material raaoanaa. Wa bate ad too long mm our natural abmua. tba atuulA age ot tbe ragged pioneer la over, and we have enteral npon a new phaae of our ^national Avelopment, that ot well-pUnnod and ayatematlc dlacovery ana exploitation of new maapa of Increasing the naUonB produSuoo. We bava ballt op a nation of magnificent phyalque 'bad keen m«nui&y; In a few fenerations oat of natan'a rich an- •t, bnt Just aa every extra sea mile di ^ *iddit£inal C rlaee in~the"atandard Of living to wMcff our people atlll pnperly aspire can only be gained by the expenditure ot aclentlflc knowledge npon oar rich reeonnea. We have deliberately choaen to be a nation ot high average comfort, and the price of the maintenance ot that I lve standard la high average cy. Ot an the natural resou coaaary lor man'a welfare the agficnltnral and mineral come first In order of importance. Obviously, I cannot ban deal with either at any length, and propose only—and that merely in paaalng—to tnooln Into the damn of utfllaatkm of oar great agricultural waaMh. I will thai enno oaaetloc wa moat . obvlouily faoe la, "An we ntlllalnx oar lands to thofnUeat wsalbleli^antr Tbe •newer must to ak eaphatlc -Not" If wa look round npon othar coontries Wboae fan •dbatlon of their agrtcAaral reeoaresi u a necessity of thelr ertatence, we Bnd a very Olfferent . situation. In Japan we nave, perhapa, the beat example of a coonbr awroadilng the fuD development of lie resources. With meagre mineral wealth, ragged tope •audi'proportion of amble a population ol about M«0 znSe ot tilled land, about ported Itatlt almoet entirely by agriculture, with an average area of about thne acree per (arm family. Upon thH OBm waouiue. the nation has maintained Its physical and Intellectual vigor and a high civilisation: bnt to 00 ao they entered almost ex clualvely -npon the ultimate stage of agriculture, namely, the garden etage of hand labor and the non-meat diet. But the experience <of Japan Is not for Australia^ copying. Such extreme exploitation la Impelled by the needs of teeming population, and la accompanied by lower standards of living, and general aoclal conditions that an not to be dreamt of for a moment In regard to onr own country. We mnat, therefore, pnnus, Instead, that degree of development, that Intenalty of utlllaatlon, which Is open to ua without any sacrifice of reasonable standards. Belgium la aald to be ahead of any other western nation In the utlllaatlon of her resources. Her factory workers live upon the land to b de- gree unknown elaewhere. With hla plot of ground then la room for production by the aid of women and chlldnn, old paraona, and the apan time of the artlaan himself. This garden product, the poultry, hares, and possibly the cows an great additions to a low wage, and they conduce to the Intenalty of culture that gives '"Tge return per unit of land. Nor Is the somewhat toilsome excatlon of labor and Implementa, and mon scientific system must supersede the somewhat can-free end far-flung —ethods we have employed ao far. Sir T. B. Mlddleton, after his recent etndy of European agricultural development, estimates thst "the British fanner feeds from forty to fifty persons by the produce of 100 scree of son,' while the German farmer feeds 70 to TS persons by the same area." Hen is his comparison of British and German agricultural ontfor Australia have been added:— AGRICULTURAL OUTPUT. Per 100 Acres of Land Cultivated. tona tons tone tone MeVt USga, 4 l 17* 28 18 hundreds) D eignflee Denmark; B, Britain; G, Germany; A, Australia. Thaae an very remarkable figures, and the contrast la ao gnat that even If a conalderable margin of error wen Involved, the comparleon would be very unfavorable to British and Anatrallan agriculture. It. la quite poaelble that tlieae mon or leaa crude comparlaona need to he aubjectef to many considerations before we accept them aa a precise measure of the value of the work done by the farmers of the Brat three coon tries. Aa la well known, all agrarian societies pass through the earlier stage of "extensive^ cultivation to "Intenalve," with the prognaalve growth and concentration of population. In only a email measure and In limited areas has Australia reached tt(S Intense phase. But what WB call closer settlement la an Indication of our growing needa. Cloaer iettlement In Australia, however, la more than a response to economic necessity; It Is In certain localities a much needed corrective to over-large and scattered holdings. In every new country, eettlera Sold far mon land than they can profitably use, and aa the country filla up, the ahrlnklng of tbe Individual holding naturally follows. We hare all witnessed that change proceeding In this country. This la generally a healthy process, yet sometimes tbe subdivision becomes too se- ven, and even In Australia examples of thla are not unknown. Such hold- Inga, too small to anpport tbe cultivator, an Inevitably merged Into another holding. The extreme example of thla reactive nrocees Is Prance, where the code Napoleon enforces family subdivision so far that lnheritora of the emallest plots are forced •• wuiBtuwsuw nmnw ui BUUS '—generally by definite legiaia- 1—to force land Into use, or at leaat to encourage Ita use. But not enough can has been taken In deterthe beat poaalble naea for hd of land. - Thus we find orand climate appropriate, and the lawover favors, aay, an early variety, he grower Mtan dalles the law, and In the and la beaten. To take another Instance, we have ess ecattend, perhaps, but Idle, and at preaent ussless, which whether Urge or email, could nevertheless be put to work growing timber. For this we have the aaaanwoa of the foresters, the men who know, and thus we could satisry oar dally commercial needa, and Incidentally, go doabt, cantribute to the regulation ot the Utmate or at leaat' sometimes knit the surface, and lastly beautify the land- "uropean countries have been torn- \-- — - - It .centnry. Germany 1440,000 acraa in tbe and aha haa by the „ bar forests Increased kfs thratUM.- .Denmark aoraaifliwonaMlaiiA, 75,000 scree in the pronation. ancient * at .npon OjjirtlJi^ • innafSi InfesUgatibn, jrSfeh rommenpeil to traction-In Britain in UM,ftaaI autthe/*wmw Of a new tmat.¥roYtted 'eavKpneat the pia (or the plantjjrr _ roa4s,'aboat' one man jer XOO'acrea. Oennany .1007, 980,000 toresters on about St millions acres ot totaat. Governments and the jrosa are aklng aome progreea In tmlr efforts to aire direction to the energies ot the people, bnt the drlvlm force of Ideas ot organisation was never more needed then to-day. In the dairying secUon of agriculture, for example, It Is still the exception, rather then the rale, systematically to teet the herds. Indeed, only a small percen tage of cows In Auatralia have ever been examined with a view to determining their value as butter-tat producers, and the reanlt Is that tbe cow-slave la still with us, and cowslavery Is as uneconomical and unprofitable as all other kinds of slavery. Strange tbougU |t may seem, dairyman ami work for many of their cows, ins Lead of having the cowa, aa they easily might, work for them. The 8tate Departments of Agriculture have, for years, been striving to bring efficiency Into this primsry Industry. In thjs 8tste the experts declsre: "There are herds (ran In tbe open all the year round, as la tbe ictlca In Australia) which are Eown to have mveraged MS lbs.-of butter-Iat per fnUy-matured cow, and there an undoubtedly herds which produce no more than ISO lbs. Denmark certainly stands out aa a dairying country, yet there la no knowledge, technical or otherwise, available to the Danish dairyman that la not equally available to the dairyman In Auatralia." Here we have a car- . but thla does not neceeearlly entail lower wagea, for the alternative la Increaaed eKIclency. The farmer who fondly bellem In the long cooUnulty of hltff prioea la Uv- of production through higher efficiency, and thus a fair maintenance ol the profit level. Theae considerations apply not only to the dairying Industry, bat to the whole held of Industry; and we must realise—better now than la ter—thst, generally speaking, one receives only what one earns, and It matters little whether one be employer or employee. Still more true Is this of s nation, whose material reward Is exacUy limited by the extent to which It utilises Ita land, capital and labor under op4o4ate organl- — " ymuii, has been evolutionary, and, on the whole, sound. We can visualise our Industries, shipping, the banks, the warehousee, the ehope—all part ot a great organic system, working more or lees In harmony, and regulated by the competitive principle, but otherwise free. This,delicate, complicated machine is like any other nieoe of mechanism—it functions only when all Ite parts are fulfilling their epedal purposes, and the lubricating ayatem Is doing its duty. Economic society is becoming more complex every day, rendering imperative the cloaest at^ teuuon to the service aspects of the system. The elasticity or man's want, eays the economist, la definite. Social evolution might, in fact, be described in those terms. Thus, modern man la constantly increasing the strain upon the service side, and this means ever Increasing .efficiency of organisation and the loading of the ovlrhead cost of our civilised life. Finally, we mtlst face ell these problems together. -The problems of the country are the problems of the Indlviduals as a-collective unity, and ,n last'snaJyBlB.^ " "»> It is a cure that is needed—not a Bot ?< ?.» ' m 1811 *t 1 "bo"' the limitless resources .of this country, but hard thinking and keen anni elation. And this means co-operation °< »« Produce the best results. If. then, Australia Is destined, aa we believe It Is, to become a great ndustrlal and commercial country, the exploltaUon of her wealth mu!t be facillated on tinea that use the latest aclentlBc knowledge, the most SKS*!* 1 " J"" 11 " 11 " 1 equipment and menui endowment of our people. •nintNG. Lucknow Pupa Co.—The manager's "J?" ffB^dlng last fortnight's work °l»™"°ns on No. 4 vein , h "y e extended drive total JSSSf 1 ol v °ln atlll making ta 1.? S?,"" , ln appearance and eiml- '"if this class of rock In the old SEJL.'L' h T he ," ln .. u 01 ll « Proper courae and trend, and ronslata of cal- cite interspersed with sine, galena and arsenical pyritea. -h6 aauy Qf 7dwt^' per ton, and 20 per «nL araenlc, reported last week, came trom drive, now In loft., following northern side of vein formation, which f" ^a width of 16ft. to 17ft. Drive following aouthern aide of vein for KJ^e samples on Saturday aaaay- «om- ltdwta. figrns gold f tn,. P ?^Ce , nL » reenlc P" ton; No. 2, Eois. lOdwu 16gms. gold, arid 20 Per cent araenlc per ton? 