ALLEGED THEFT OF BOND DANISH IMMIGRANT'S EXPERIENCE Further evidence was heard in the Police Court yesterday against Anker Neiison, who appeared on remand on three charges. The evidence on the -first charge was completed at a pre- vious hearing. The charges were: (1) That between January 28 and -February 13, at Bris bane, being the servant of the Modern Player Piano Company he stole £4 10s. 7d„ which had come into his posses sion on. their account; (2) that, on or about January 26, he stole IS, the pro perty of Helmet Victor Grenenkop- Gastenskiold; and (3) that on Decem ber 11, 1924, lie stole a gold wristlet watch, valued at £3, the property of Marie Lilley. Sir. J. Stewart Berge, P.ai., was on the bench. Detective Senior-Sergeant Lipp prosecuted, and air. T. atcLaugh- lin appeared for Neilson. Giving evidence on the second charge Detective aioloney stated that on Thursday, February 12, hq saw de fendant at the C.I. Branch Office. In a conversation, defendant admitted that he was employed by the Modern Player Piano Co., on a wage and com mission, and that he had received a £5 bond from Grenenkop-Gastenslciold. He said, "I will pay him back." Witness pointed out that he had agreed to pay the money back .on the termination of the agreement Neilson declared he had given the man an order to draw from his salary. Wit ness asked, "What did you do with tho £5?" Neilson replied, "I held it for a while, and then I spent it." Witness then informed him that the company had stated that he had left their em ploy and still held some of tlieir money. i Helmet' Victor Grenonkop-Gastens- kioid said that he arrived here from Denmark in May, 1923. Defendant en gaged him to sell pianola rolls and pianolas at £2 a week salary, apd 71 per cent commission. Witness began work on January 28, taking nine pianola rolls. He had to give de fendant £5 as a deposit on the rolls. Neilson gave him a receipt for that money, which stated that his £5 was to he returned when the engagement was terminated. ' Witness worked a fortnight and was paid 21s. His. en gagement being terminated he asked for the return of the £5. Defendunt put him off and later gave him an order to draw the amount from his (Neilsen's) salary from the company. However, he had never received his £5 back. John W. Brook, tho managing director of the Modern Player Piano Company, said that ho knew nothing of the £5 deposit until Gastlnskiold presented thy order. , Mr. McLaughlin asked that the de fendant _be discharged on the ground that there was no evidence . that an , opportunity was afforded for the re turn of . the ' money. Ho asked that Mr. Berge deal' .summarily with the. defendant. , . . ' 1 Mr. Bergo reserved his decision until Friday, when the third charge also will be heard. , _ 