RURAL DENMARK. Remarkable Progress. EDUCATION AS A FACTOR. The example affo-ded by Denmark; in farming, agricultural education and co- operation, to Australia, in common with other countries, is emphasised by Mr. Tate, Director ol" Education, in his pamplet ' 'Some Lessons from Rural Denmark." This pamplet embodies the result of observations made? by Mr. Tate during his visit to Europe last year. He shows how the people of Denmark, spurred by the disaster oi 1 Schleswig-Holstein, set themselves to develop their remaining territory—to win from the soil the highest profits; and how, by the application of science, by education, by co-operation, and supremely by patriotism, they built up the prosperity of their little country.. The Danes may have seemed to have too little land. They have proved that they have a sufficiently under extensive cultivation—not merely to support their people, but by their exports of high-class products to win wealth from abroad. There is no fact in Danish life, Mr. Tate observes, which strikes the observer more than their capacity for team work. When it comes to the question of a reform about which the people have thought, and have arrived at the conclusion that they need, there is no time lost in putting it into activity. To think among Danish Folk is to act. It was no doubt the widespread practice of co-operation which showed the rural people how to make, their influence effective in the counsels of the nation, as it was, no doubt, the mental and moral discipline of active co-operation which fitted their leaders for public life. For at the root of all true co-operation national effort must be the understanding of what the individual owes to the community, the feeling of confidence and trust in others, the will to come together in common undertakings under which the whole community, and through that the individual also, are served. The higher education of rural workers in Denmark has been consciously directed for years towards producing the results' achieved- Danish rural education has realised that the human clement in rural industry is all-important, and that true education must be intimately related to the whole of life, and not merely with that part of life concerned with wage-earning. To those disposed to look askance at an idealistic scheme of rural education. Mr. Tate points out that during 1921 the value of dairy produce exported by Denmark to Great Britain alone was £37,469.PS:?; and this from a country less than one-fifth the size of Victoria, with a population of about 3,000.000. Denmark is unprotected from the chilly winds from tiie north-west in the long winter reason. The soil is on the whole light, and in manv parts, distiiic-lly*' poor. Moor.=. swamps, prat bogs cover about 600 square miles of tho little kingdom, and the Country is raw and uuhcspitablc for a great part of the year. The wonderful record in farm production is not due to fertilitv oi soil or geniality of climate, but is due lather to the fine and j quality of her liuma- material. Her people have shown what can be done by steady industry, reinforced by developed intelligence and patriotism, and directed by scientific and business capacity- When in 1S64 Germany wrested from her her two rich southern privinceg of Schleswig-Holstein. Denmark gamely set about recovering more territory from her sand dumv, heath lands and bogs. Soon slic had reclaimed an area comparable with what she had lost to her victorious enemy. In the arrangements for providing rural education Denmark affords the greatest interest to the educational inquirer. There is no doubt in the minds of the Danes that their agricultural prosperity has been assisted by the work of their rural schools, and chiefly by the adult schools known as the People's Agricultural Schools. Education in Denmark is compulsory for all children between seven and fourteen years of age, and the course of study in rural schools is similar in subjects to that prescribed in Victoria. The agricultural population in Denmark numbers about 500,000 heads of households, of whom 172,- 000 are employers. There are about 70,000 farmers and peasants, and about 100,000 small holders, and there are a large number of agricultural labourers with small holdings or allotments. The farmers, peasants and small holders are members of the co-operative societies, except in the cases of the co-operative supply stores, of which many servants and labourers are also members, and the co-operative dairy societies, in which many agricultural labourers with small holdings and with one or two cows are also interested. The genius of the Danes for wise and profitable co-operation is shown admirably in the organisation of the egg industry, one of Denmark's great staples. In this organisation, as in general improvements in the agricultural and dairying work of the people, Mr. Tate finds that school masters played an important part. The A'alue of the eggs exported from- Denmark to the United Kingdom in 1921 was £5,455,373. The number of fowls kept on 16th July. 102o, was 20,000,000. In building up this export trade two fundamental principles were kepi steadily in view—the maintenance of an excellent standard in the quality and appearance of the eggs, and full provision l'or continuous forwardings, so that the market once made should not bo loft, even temporarily. Tlicijc (wo requirements necessitated complete organisation among tho producers and firm handling of careleso and dishonest suppliers. Mr. T;ito observes that Denmark lias every year a small oxcess of trained agricultural laborers. The movement of these migrants is invariably towards America. He urges their attraction to Australia, for lie cannot imagine a better class of immigrant for our rural districts, especially cur dairying districts, than these practically trained indus- 1 l ions and thrifty l)anen. 