A veteran of veterans was Cap-i tain W. A. B. Greaves, who died in Sydney last week, aged 95 years and 11 months. An Englishman by birth, he came to this country as ha young man, and as a surveyor was engaged on important work in New South Wales, In very old age his physical and mcrtal virility Was alike remarkable. Only a fQw years ago. he delivered ai address to the Historical Society, of which he ivas a past president, on Early Sydney. He knew his subject well, of course, and could and did recall the days when bullock drays were in the streets and public meetings in de nunciation of transportation were held; when immigrants were accom )nodated in a building near Circu lar Quay, Parkes had his shop in Hunter-street, most of the western suburbs were "dreary wastes of forest and scrub, with here and there a bark hut or two," and blackfellows and their gins camped in the Domain, W.A. Sandalwood Producers' As aociation.-A general meeting of the W.A. Sandalwood Producers' Asso ciation was hela in the Town Hall on the 25th inst. There was a good: muster of members from the outly-I ing districts, and apologies were re ceived from otners who were unable to attend. '. The president Mr. T. .Taylor, reported the result of the recent deputation to the Premier. Some discussioin took place regard-' ing the definition of the term '"san dalwooder," and it was unanimous ly decided that only genuine sandal wooders be eligible for membership. Dissatisfaction was expressed a't the delay in payments frocm licensees and the limitation of orders for six I months; also with the small ton nage that each man was author;se:1 to pull, which it was said was not sufficient to enable a man to ea.n a livlihood. It was also resolves to! arrange with the Conservator of Forests and the licensees to meet two representatives of the associa tion at an early date. "Evil Hand of Uomiiunusm." The official organ of the Victorian, Farmers' Union attributes the maritime upheaval to sinister forces of Communism behind it all. A lead nng article states that "The -evil oiandof Communism, job control, and hold- ups are the insidious means by which this menace works through cunning leaders who dupe the poor fools who follow them into the belief that there lot is an extra hard one. Communism is an international menace, and its in luence is just as much behind this hold-up as it was in the strikes in Rngland and Sweden among the ralway men and miners, and in aly among the seamen. Deporta uns of offenders when traced would help to crush the menace. Where is no more urgent duty be fore Australia to-day than that of omnipletely- stamping out Commun Houses Quickly Erected.-Con Biderable attention has been de ,yoted to the housing question inu many Counttries since the war, par-, ~touladrl in England. A shortage of; iouses in this State was respon?a pible for the present thousand rhomes schemes of the Government, Aimd its outcome is being closely1 watched, not only in this country, .but a road as wel'. In this regard, it is interesting to note experi aments being conducted in Vienna es a result of the dearth of houses, 'and money there. Two sets , boarding are fixed four or five incheq apart, the interstice being lIled with sawdust treated wit3h some chemical that makes it non nflammable. The boarding is plans- I %te'ed and similarlv marde non-in lnamuable. Houses can ie made oickly and cheaply by ·this means. .amust is pl9entiful in any large' eit~y, and shounld the Vienna scheme' prove successful it is more than possible that it will be followed in other parts of the world. Suggested Subsidy for Orec- Cart ing.-hBefore the Kalgoorlie Munici pal Council went into recess, a re solution was passed, asking the Jlinister for M?ines (Mr. M. F. 'roy., M.L.A.) to pay at the rate of I/or 6/ a ton the expense of cart 6ng prospectors' org from the north ,nd of t1h held f9i treatment at 'lice customs plants oh the Golden ilie. fonday ?he Mhinister's re ofore the undl meeting. It prb Yoked i shprit discussion. Cr, larke? took ? the posltiozs that ]hi ues t' c.u be reituerate, ani t- th r u should bit uri that the pclhil was quite aware of the fact h'??t Uder exist ing conditions the sulphide ore of the North End could no'tbe treated except at the Golden Milk. The .ob ject .i asking for the subsidy was tto demonstrate by actual treatment whvether sumicient ore eound be rais ed at the No 'th End to justify the ectio of aa Government treatment San.. ? Barnard counselle4 delay. During a.n interview the Premier (Mr. ?olier) had pr9mised t re open the question of the North End, and r. Wilson, the second in control of the mining engineering branch of the Mines Department, would be sent up to give an exhaus tive report as to the ore bodies and their values, and generally to see whether or not the erection of an up-to-date treatment plant would be justified. The Premier had stated I that if the report were favourable money would not stand in the way of the erection of the proposed plant. Cr. Barnard moved that con sideration of the Minister's letter should remain in abeyance. Cr. Wall seconded the motion.. Or. Clarke contended that no living man could give an opinion as to` ore quantities and values by mere examination of the faces. No one could express an opinion on the ore resources of the North End, unless ore bodies were opened up. The Mayor (Mr. F. W. Allsop) stated that he had recently seen the Minister in Perth, when Mr. Troy told him he could not agree to 'the request to subsidise the carting I of ore from the North End to the Golden Mile, because if he did so he would be inundated with simni ' lar requests from the Murchison and I other goldfields of the State. The motion was carried. Municipal M-atters.-Mr. A. E. Green, M.P., coziveyed to the Kal goorlie Municipal Council meeting M(onday.the information that at the desire of the sMayor he had communicated with the Deputy Postmaster-General setting forth reasons why the telephone trunk line system should be extended from Southern Cross to Kalgoor lie . so that goldfields residents would be able to enjoy the advan jtages of direct telephone communi cation with Perth. At the council meeting Monday the Mayor said _ they should press this matter very strongly, as also that the trunk line system should be extended from Salmon Gums to Kalgoorhe, seeing that telephonic commiunica tion between Esperance to Salmon Gums was being established.-Mr. T. Trenwith wrote stating that the Wilson- street terminus for the ga zetted motor 'bus route was iso lated and did not ,ive himi a fair chance, especially after niolhtfall. He asked -the council to remove the' motor 'bus stand to the Oriental Hotel corner. After a brief discus sion the letter was merely receiv ed.-Mr. Jules Rosenberg, who had been given three months' leave! of- absence, forwarded hiq resigna tion of the position of outdoor in spector of the electricity depart-! ment, and asked for the customary retirement privileges. The letter was referred to the finance comnmt tee.-Pastor miunt secretary of the Goldfields Clerical Association, sent along a cheque for £8 1217, the proceeds of a special collec tion; with a request that the money should be handed to the hospital matron for expenditure on behalf of the inmates of the children'sl ward. The communication was received with thanks.--Crs. Clack and Barnard directed attention to the advent of wandering cattle and horses in-the streets of the nor thern part of the municipality, and the town clerk was asked to instruct the ranger to impond them. -Cr. Wall spoke of the want of proper shelter for incarcerated alnimals in the pound, and at his instance tihe ouestion of protecting them from the rays of the summer sun was referred to the works com bittee.--Crs. Barnard and Clack obtained the assent of the council to their proposition that the bowl ing green fence, which had been damaged by a volent windstorm, should be restored to its nristine. condition. The council, at its ris ing adjourned till next Monday fortnight, in order to bring its meet |?gs into conformity with the usual tm? for holding them. Meanwhile i~ matters of extreme importance lhould arise, a peci1 meeting will be caJPaL Great 1outder Min1 Plant Dam aged.--Yesterdayr af-ernoon an ex plosion occurre in the economiser on the Hamilton shaft of the Great Boulder Proprietory- G.M. The economiser is the apparatus in which the feed water is given a pre pliminary heating before entering the boilers. As a result of the explo sion all vork underground will .be suspended till the end of the week, and the mill will be held up for a day or two A Statue to Judaas Iseariot Erected by Bolsheviks.-Sir Philip Gibbs, vriting in the London "Daily Mai?' of October 13, 1924. throws further light upon the atti tude of the Russian Bolsheviks towards the Christian religion. "Their Government," he writes, "is founded upon blasphemy. Not content with destroying civilisation, they have abolished God. At a Red: 'Christma' lprocession in Moscow last year a prostitute posed as the Virgin Mary, and an effigy labelled `Almighty God' was burned in a' bonfire, Bolshevik writers regarded this orgy as the beginning of a new 'era of season.' One declared 'Our Soviet young men have been the first to break the Celestial front. The Christ-loving bourge:oise per sists in its ignorance, and it felt sick on this historic day.' The Moscow Soviet has tried hard toi uplift ail Christian traditions fromi the nation it dominates by terror. It was made i'legal to put religious emublenms on Christmas trees or any-: thing recalling the sacred character of the festival. The war on the church has been waged with .nalig nant energy. Monday. instead of Sunday, was made the workerx, legal day of rest. Churches and monasteries were stripped of their treasures on .the pretence of pur chasing supplies for the victims M fanmine. In Moscow 25 convents and monasteries were turned into bar racks, students' hostels and dance halls and -emblazoned with the 'lattle cry.v' of the war against the church: 'Religion is an oplate of the pencple.' Bishops and priests were arrested in scores for :'e:ist- ing the spoliation of religious buildings. Mgr. Bulkiewicz, a Roman Catholic eceibsiastie, was executed in a cellar; tvwekxve digni-. taries were sent to remnote prisons in Siberia; the Patriarch Tikhon was sentenced to death and con fined for a year in a filthy drn geon. The 'Supreme Church So;iet,' formed to take the p'aoc aof the Patriarch Tikhon. decreed that the baptism of children was illegal. The Soviet stands by its deela ,ationi against rex'igion. Karakhan. Ass.s tant Commissar for Foreign Af-, fairs, writing to the Chaplain of. the Archbishop of Canterbury, re-I ferred insolently to 'the class s dolidarity of princes of the va jirusj chtirches. wh!ch sol?darity is known to be directed against the iabour-) ing masses.' Not content with tohe nbolition of God, the Bolsheviks sought for further expression of their hatred of Christianity. They erected a statue to Judas Iscsariot at Sviashk, near Kazan, . in the sunmmer of 1.923 and the unveilino of this 'memorial' has been de seribed by M. Halling X'oehtlr, a Danish writer, who was pre3ent<." _________________________________________________I 