ROMANCE OF GOLDFIELDS. POOE DANISH Er.;:.;3ANT. FOUNDER ' OF FORTUNE, ' WHICH PASSES TO -OLD SCOTTISH FAMILY. : Ono of the greatest romances of pmi grntion nnd fortune is revenlcd by the will of Mrs. Milliccnt Emily Snlting,! a rich Mnyfair -widow, who has left; nearly £2,000,000. . , '? Thn fnnmlnt.inna of this irront .wealth! woro laid by a poor Danish emigrant, who' went out to Austrnlia 50 ydars ago. In no less romantic fashion tho bulk of the fortune has passed, .under two. wills, to the old Scottish family of the Earl of Haddington. Tho presont carl inherits about £1,000,000 under (he latest will. Friendless, nnd with Httlo money, a young Dnnc went out .to Australia in 1835— before tho great gold rush — 'to seok his fortune.' How he found it nnd became a mil lionaire — first as sheepfarmor, then as morchant, and by taking advantage of the opening and development of tho goldilolds— is rcballed by tho death of Mxs. Milliccnt Emily Snlting, his daughter-in-law, whose will reveals an enormous estate of nearly £2,000,000. Money Makes Money. Airs. Salting lived in a spneious' mansion in Borkoloy square, a house famous for its art treasures. But sinco the denth ol her husband she has. to 'tired almost completely from social life, to live, in a manner little sugges J'tivo of her vast wealth. When it was made known that tho; ; £991,1.324 left to her J9 years ago by . her husband, Mr. William Sovorin,' ' Snlting, son of the poor' Danish emi grant, had been nearly doubled, evon tho closest friends of Mrs. Salting1 were ? taken by ? surprise Mr.- Salting, son.,-cstnblishbd -himsolf ns a sheepfarincr in -Australia ? nearly . 90 yenrs ago, and mado a success of it. When ? the gold ;rush of .' 1851 came and galvanised tho whole country into ? a f ronziod activity, ho did what nearly every nblo-bodied man -in 'Australia did— ho .joined in tho 'rush. 'And he Tvna lnp.lrv... -TTn fnniirl .rrrnlrl In that-mad stampedoin the bleak wildorness, 'boneath which the gold waited tho soeker inr vast quantities, fortunes were ? sometimes made in n night. Men struck with a pick, to find revealed to them tho yellow sparkling treasure of a King Solomon's ? mine. Nuggets weighing 500oz. and more wore hacked out of the rock. 1 Ono such was sold for £10,500. Land and Other Investments. . . Mr. Salting extended his scope of ?money making. The cash ho got for'his gold ho invested in land, and, with the enormous rises in values which fol lowed tho opening, .up of .:tho [.country, tho coming of tho telegraph, . railway . nnd fresh population and capital, land proved a second gold mine for hiin.( Ho joined forces with two othor en terprising men, and founded the Syd ney firm of Flower, Salting, Challis nnd Co. Salting was . in on rock bottom prices. The country grew; he grew with it. , When, in 1S57, Mr. /Salting deter mined to retire and settle in England with his two sons,. -William andGoorgo, ho was reputed to be a millionaire, and. ho was. IIo 'bought . a beautiful estate at Chortsey,' Surrey, and thore ho lived until his death in 18C5. His vast fortune ho left to hi? two sons, onch of whom inlterUod over £1,000,000, 'Tho eldest son William, whoso widow's will has just been proved, died in 1905, and loft £901,32-1. His widow inherited this fortuno intact. For 19 years she has lived quietly', novor spending a tithe of her iueomo. Won I th rollod in on hor automatically, and hor vast capital grow until, at hor death at the- age of 70, it hud almost doubled itself. Tho gross valuo of her cstato is £1,868,184, ??Mr. George Suiting, tho younger son of the Danish immigrant, was a world famous art' connoisseur. Ho devotod'his whole lifo.. to collecting objo'cts of art. Society, luxury *nnd travol did not interest him. Ho had.only one passion — his art treasures. Ho lived aloiio ? in. a small sot of chambers in St. Jnmes-streot, whoro his rooms woro i overcrowded with a unique collections . of art troasuros — pictures, raro books, Bculpturos, porcoluins, ouam els, bronzes, and old gold and silvor. Ho was (i wiiU-knawn ligure— an in significant,' ? shu.bby-looking man, who rodo on omnibuses and took his meals in cheap toil shops. His colloction of Ohincso ? porcelain was ono of the finest in existence. At tho spitzer art salo in Paris, in 1893, he spent what was then considered tho enormous sum of £40,000 on objects which took his fancy. On liin donth ho bequeathed the greater part of his treasures to the National Museum, and the Victoria nnd Albert Museum, South Kensington. : His vast fortune — £1 ,3-18,083— ho left to his neico( the -only child of his bis ter-in-law, Mrs. Millicont Suiting), who had marriod Lord Binning, oldest son of tho ulevonth Earl of Iladdington. Ricli Young Earl. Tho presont oiirl, 30 yours of age, a son of Lady Binning and a grandson of Mrs. Millicent Salting on tho mater nal side— and therefore groutgrand' son of the old Danish adventurer— won the M.C. in tho war and owns about. 3-1,000 acres of laud. Ho married, last October, Miss Sarah Cook, daughter of Mr. C. W. Cook, of Montreal, a million, airo Canadian business man. v Lord Haddington now reeoives, undor tlio will of his grandmother, a. fortuno of about £1,00,000, as residuary lega tee Thus by theso two giant boquosts to the curl nud his motliuv tho accumula tions of th0 fortnno of th0 .omigrnnt I Dane havo now pnssod, almost intact to I tho Hnddington family, a family whoso I history 'goes back nearly 500 years. Mrs. Salting stated in her will that .she lind omitted her daughter, Lady Binning, from her will because addition al superfluous wealth would have only ? tdded responsibility to her. Other Legacies. Other bequests of the lato million .lircs include:— , £150,000 to each of her grandchildren Uidy Helen and lion Charles Bail io-Ifninilton, E--000 each to her solicitor and bank manager. £10,000 in charity, and numerous smaller -bequests -to 'friends and iela tions. 'She gave away onormons sums of money,' said a lady who know Airs, Salting intimately, 'especially during the war.' She inade over Hatch End Ascot, one of her two country, homes o the Air Force iii order that tho sold' ieis might havo comfortable rest Kuai ters. Sho had bequeathed two cases oL' Bnttersea and Chelsea enamels to fcho nation. Wathloen Pearson. Mrs. Snlting 's .: maid receives -.£1200, : ? hor amethysts in plain gold setting and her iitteil di'fts ing bag. Her butler, Albert Hawkins, receives £1000 and other servants are ,Uso 'remembored.' The death duties on the estato will amount to £(S70,000. Only four oChor womon havo left big ger fortunes than that of Mrs. Saltim? 