THE GENERAL ELECTION.! Continued from Page 7. TASMANIAN LIBERAL PARTY. Mr. Hobbs Opens Campaign. Methods of Finance. Labour Administration " Condemned. ULVERSTONE, May 4. Mr. E. Hobbs, Leader of the Opposi- tion, delivered his policy speech at the Oddfellows'-hall this evening. Mr. A. S. Lakin presided, and there was a large attendance, several other carididatos being on the platform. In opening his speech, Mr. Hobbs said that the approaching election involved many serious issues. Personally, he believed in progress with caution, and his policy could be summed up in the two words, "common sense." In the affairs of the country economy wai most necessary at the present juncture, and he stood for economy as firmly now as in the past. He was now the leader of the Opposition, a position which was by no means easy to fill. During the past week or so all his energy had been given to on effort to bring about unity among the anti-Socialist forces, and in- this direction, he was nlcased to say, a mea- sure of success had been achieved, in that they had ndvatced as far as they could prior to the general election. Dealing with the subject of tho re- duction in the cost of government, Mr. Hobbs said that if his party should be returned to power, they would bring in a bill to amend the Constitution Act so as to reduce the number of members in the House of Assembly and the Legislative Council. The bill would wipe out the Legislative Council elec- torates, and the members of that Chamber would be elected when the Assembly elections were held.j They proposed that the' two Houses'should sit as one and debate business together, only voting separately. ' He believed also, in 'connection with the House of Assembly election, ?.»-». the single elec MPC. E. HOBBS, Loader of the Tasmanian Liberal Party. toratc system should be adopted, the present method1 being wasteful, and such as to create 'professional poli- ticians. SOLDIER SETTLEMENT. ^Soldier settlement, said Mr. Hobbs, had been an expensive business. It had cost £2,470,206, and the concessions made to the settlers up to June 30 of 1923 amounted to £400,960. The Com- monwealth had contributed £152,000 in rebate of interest on loans, so that the State had lost about £248,000. The Com- monwealth, he said, should take a great- er share of the responsibility in pro- viding for the returned men, and his party proposed, in view of- the financial position, to ask the Commonwealth to relieve the State of its heavy burdeai. The State had, he thought, a logical and strong case. ' ? PRIMARY PRODUCTS AND INDUSTRIES. In regard to the marketing of primary products, it would be his party's en- deavour to encourage better methods, preferably a co-operative principle, by ?which the heavy loss which occurred from time to time as a result of the indiscriminate forwarding of produce would be minimised. Tasmania should follow the Danish example, which not only provided for the battle against speculators, but for the development and, stabilisation of markets, the im- provement of the product and of selling methods.' It was a State.matter, and they should do all 'they could to see that the man on the land prospered, for his prosperity would bo reflected right throughout the community. He believed that Tasmanians should patronise Tasmanian producers by pur- chasing their products. If this prin- ciple were followed, the general pros- perity would increase. It was true that they could not regulate the actions of individuals, hut they could deter- mine what'should be done in regard to the State departments. Dealing with Tasmanian* industries, Mr. Hobbs said it seemed strange that, with our cheap power, abundance of raw material, and good climate, indus- tries were so slow in arriving. He be- lieved that the present Ôovernment was kecpin- the industries away. -He based that statement on the treatment which the Government had meted out to the Electrolytic Zinc Co., one of the State's most valuable industries, in pro- ceeding against ¡t in connection with a wages determination. The present Government know that the Zipc Co. was doing all possible for- the men, yet it tried to squeeze something more out of it for them, and was not,satisfied to accept the decision "of its own judges. He submitted that such companies as that which proposed to establish the wood pulp industry would not be anxi- ous to start in Tasmania till they knew what sore of men were going to control the destinies of the State for the next three years. ROADS AND MOTOR TAX. Mr. Hobbs went on to say that the maintenance of the roadb was a problem that had been sadly neglected. The capi tal expenditure on roads was about £¿5,000, 000, and this value was detni ¡oiating every day. Leven and Devonport had endeavour- ed to face the position, but the Committee on Public Accounts had turned down their proposal to borrow money, and a bill had been introduced to amend the Local Government Act so as to give councils the power to pmchahc road plant out of ie venue. Appaicntly the Government did not understand the financial position of municipalities, n* it thought they could raibo thousands of pound«, in .addition to ordinary irquircnients. His party main- tained that encouragement should be given to experimentation with different classes of inuteri.il mid propel machinery. Pre- sent (..vhlcin«, weie out of date ho far as the eountiy dintncts wcic loticoiiicd. It was. estimated that motor ear owners would -contribute this year £»27,000 bv .""»i" of tax. .and £10,000 under the Mo- tor 1 rathe Act. Last year the sums col ',^tc''under,these headings amounted to £33,000. Ihe incidence ol' this taxation was unfair in that -rar owners had to pav- ón the weight and horse- power of theiV machines, no consideration being given to the extent to which they used the road*. He advocated a tax on tyres. He con .demncd the present Government's propo , ,t0 fi.et ul' a commission of experts to deal with the roads question, on the ground that the Government alreadv had experts, and was better able to do sonic thing definite at once. DEVELOPMENT OF TASMANIA. The Tasmanian Liberal Party, Mr. Hobbs said, would co-operate with the Commonwealth Government in taking ad- vantage of the migration agreement, and would do all in its power to prépaie the country for immigrants. Mr. Hobbs said that Mr. Lyons had claimed that the Labour Government es tablished the Hydro-Electric Department. The credit was due to Messrs.\ Gillies and Co., from whom the Labour Government had taken over the work when the com- pany was in fiuanc.ial difficulties. The credit for establishing the department on .a sound commercial basis belonged to the Lee-Hayes Administration, and the former general manager, Mr. J. H. Butters. His p,»u ty would endeavour to extend the use of hydro-electricity so as to meet all de- mands, and would aim to introduce one schedule of charges tor the whole of the State. ? Mr. Hobbs, proceeding, entered into a long explanation of the trouble connected with the Welcome» Swam]) drainage scheme, defending hinibelf ¡is far as his ad- ministration was concerned. STATE FINANCES. "Speaking at Deloraine," said Mr Hobbs,'"the Premier sticssed the fact that the deficit on June 30, 1923, stood at £047,000. I have» taken the trouble to compare this deficit with the deficits of the other States at that time, and find that New South Wales had a deficit ot £2,774,000; Victoria, '£1,181,000; Queens- land, £810,000; South Australia, £1,538, 000; West Australia, £.>,900.00Ö. We re- cognise that a debit balance is inconveni- ent, but it cannot always be avoided. This deficit was not altogether the fault of the preceding Government. The Legislative Council would not agree to the taxation measures sent up :to it, members of that Chamber taking the attitude that expendi- ture should be reduced before additional taxation was imposed. 1 think the stand they took was justified to some extent. An- other' aspect to be considered is that if there had been no deficit there would have been no cascfor assistance from the Com- monwealth Government. Negotiations for assistance were pioceeding when tue Labour Government took . office, and various proposals had -been under cou sii.'eration."-. ' METHODS.OF BORROWING. Mr.-Hobbs went on to say that as Tren, surer in 1914-10, Mr. Lyons left a deficit of £68,0S7, even though he had an in- creased revenue for the two years of £144.000. "This financial hero," said the speaker, "told the people at Deloraine that ho had sent £400,000 to England, out of which tho, revenue had derived ii clear profit of £12,000, He failed to enlighten his bearers ILS to how he accomplished this phenomenal piece of financing. Per- haps 1 might be able to supply the omis- sion. Formerly it was usual to borrow à" large proportion of the money required for public works in Loudon. Instead of sending money Home to meet the interest due on previous loans the interest was paid from loan money there, and then made good from revenue here. 'Hie ex- change rate at present is about £3 17s. Cd. per cent., hut, on the other hand, money is about 5 per cent, in England, and 6% per cent, in Australia, so that if Mr. Lyons has made money in sending interest to England, ho has lost a certain amount here, owing to the increased in- terest cost. Mr. Lyons has entered into an arrangement with the Commonwealth Government to borrow through it money required for public works. I have con- demned the arrangement myself, and feel shure it' is a huge mistake. Recently ar- rangements were made to borrow' ,£10,000,000 in the Commonwealth. Our share was £233,000. The people of the State subscribed about £300,000 towards thiB loan. This means that about £67,000 ot this money will bo used in the con- struction of public works in some of the other States. That £300,060 was ' earning interest in the «State in some form or an- other, and it paid ita «hare of State taxa- tion. As soon as it was subscribed to the Commonwealth loan it was free from State taxation. This money will cost the State about 6M per cent., whereas had it been raised in London it would cost about 5 »per cent. I maintain that it is bad busi- ness for the State. It must also be re- membered »that the money is no longer available for private enterprise, having been taken out of circulation. -.This sou of business is to some extent reüponsPile for the present depression and the conse- quent unemployment." Mr. Hobbs went on to say that getting down to "tin tacks" they found that the deficiency for 1923 was £298,4151. Mr. Lyons claimed to have only increased taxation'hy £128,000. Ile ahj expected £111,000 from sweep winnings, making a total new" revenue of £239 000 The/pre- sent Government's expenditure had in- creased rapidly,, the increase being £80.000 for the last nine months. Mr. Lyons had told them that he would have a small surplus at the' end of the thuiic.i.i! "year if-his forecast carne true, as ne hoped it would. That would prove that the new taxation must be bringing into the Trea Miry considerably more than vvas> expect- ed'when the proposals wprc b fiore the House. "THE NET RESULT." "What is the ncf result of Mc. Lyms's administration"? asked Mi. . Poblw. "Chaos, stagnation, unemployment. It ¡s a significant fact that during his pre- vious term in office u<irmployincnt was rife. Their methods of dealing with the sale of the State ships is to li: condemned. It waB reported that the Attorn-iy-Gen eral waa proceeding to Sydney with full power to sell the Melbourne and Poolta. We hold that the proper way to dispose of State-property is by public tenrtcr. The ineptitude displayed iii dealing vyith the unemployment problem, except with doles and relief works, ¡R a disgrace to .any Gov- ernment in a young country like this. Mr. Lyons promises to set up an Arbitration Court if returned to power. AVe main- tain that we have had a surfeit of this class of legislation. We stand, for the wages board system as it now exists. The Premier will introduce a bill to give the people the initiative and referendum. What of the 'take and hold' Communistic planks? They are being kept in the back- ground, and arc not on show until a majority on their side is available." If they wanted Found and progressive administration and future prosperity, claimed Mr. Hobbs, they should vote for the Tasmanian Liberal party. REPLIES TO QUESTIONS. In reply to a question, Mr. Hobbs stated that he would be in favour of the reassessment of land taken up by soldiers under the Soldiers' Settlement Scheme, he also approved of preference, in the ordinary sense of the torm, being accorded soldiers. He did not think it just that because the licensee of a hotel had three convictions recorded against him that the owner should suffer hy the license being withdrawn from the hotel. In view of the fact that the people had agreed to keep C o'clock as j the closing* hour for hotels, he would ! not be prepared to extend the time un- ] less the electors reversed their decision. In his opinion, it would not be just to disrate policemen for neglect of duty in towns or cities where several con- victions were obtained against the licensees of hotels. With regard to having Municipal and Marine Board elections every three years instead of annually. Mr. Hobbs said that before giving any definite derision in the matter, he would require to consider the proposal, although it might be better to havo elections every two years instead of annually as at present. Mr. P. Kelly, a candidate for Darwin, also submitted Mr. Hobbs to a scries of cross-qu.istions regarding the administra- tion of the Lyons Government. On the motion of Mr. Hr. McFie. Mr Hobbs was accorded a vote of thanks. 