SANE FINANCE GOVERNMENT'S PLANK MR. E. H. FARRAR'S ADDRESS "Mr. JE. H. Farrar, M.L.C., Minister .for •Labour.'and- Industry, in his address at "the .Richmond Hall, Lismore, last night in sup port of the Nationalist candidates, declared that sound finance • was the first principle of the National party. Sir George Fuller; when he went before the peojilc three year. ago, had promised lesa taxation and num economy, and that pledge had been, hon oured: The-Mayor (Aid. Brewster) presided,' and the others on the platform were ; Colonel' j. A.. Youdeii, Mr. A. J. Thompson, Mr. T Healoy, and ■■Mr.', T. Blake. ' : ; Mr. Farrar said, that the first- plank in Sir George; Fuller's programme was finance which was the basis-of prosperity. The Pre mier had /promised a reduction of taxation, and the lirst act of the Ministry "when: sworn ui was to reduce their own salaries., Soon afterwards a bill was put through reducing the salaries of members, which had' been increased b.v the Labour party. He denied that the" Government had reduced the sal aries or standard of living, for while the basic wage was. £:{ 19s in the last year of the Laibour party's rule, it "was now, .and had been for two years, £4 2s, Labour ,sup pbrtei-s, referring to the income tax, had said that the income tax did not affect ,thcm, butt as- a .-matter "of fact the workers were the very people it did affect, for with' reduced taxation more money remained for trading enterprise, and employment, consequently, I was easier to . obtain. The Government" had I carried out its pledge, to reduce taxation by making the abolition of .the super tax of* 6d in''the £ one of .its first acts. ' RAILWAY FARES REDUCED The Goyernment Ivfid reduced railway fares throughout the State after tliey hacT been in creased by the Labour party. ' v When he was in England in connection with the' British Empire exhibition, lie rea lised what- a/great thing it' was for his State •to • have the confidence of the financial1 men of the .hub of the Empire. Financiers were, willing to help New South -Wales"because its government was sound. : ' The Labour Government, added. Mr. Far rar, left" tliem a legacy of unemployed greater in' numb.er. than .it had ever been since the war. Ho had been' given the task of devising a scheme to relieve', unemployment, and as a result of the Government's policy 'the list, of unemployed had been reduced consider ably. Eighty-two thousand people had been given employment by his department in the last three years. The Government had reduced taxation, and if returned to power it promised to reduce it by a further £500,000 in the year after the elections. The Labour Government in Britain under Mr. E'amsay MacDonald was crippled by its own supporters, and in the same way the iLalbour/ party in New South WrfW was dominated by the •industrialists of the1 greater cities. Labour was still in power in'Queens land, but in that State at the last election a greater number of votes was recorded against Labour than for it, but as a result of the arrangement of'.the electorates Labour was returned. Labour was dominated by the industrial unions, whose representatives, Messrs. Walsh and Johanssen, had recently tied up the ship ping of Australia, preventing the dairymen from exporting their butter and the graziers their wool. They were the autocrats who decided'whether the .working man was or wag not to be permitted to do his work. > f The'Government had rrduced taxation a«nd finished with a. surplus, but at > the same time >t "had not adopted a cheeseparing ' policy. The money spent > on education ana the hos pitals proved the Government's sincerity-in these matters. / No Government should stand in the way or the producer getting his goods to market by the brst possible means, and for this reason his party did not oppose ther farmers of the North Coast if they desired, to utilise the Brisbane market. 1 "^ans *ia(^ been prepared for the erection of the bridge on the Clarence River, and the work would be ca'n;ied out by the cheap money raised for immigration loans, 50 per cent, of which could be used for Australian development under the agreemont with the British Government. IMMIGRATION POLICY Mr. Farrar said ho wished to make the statement that those twho declared that the .National Government was bringing migrants iroin Italy either did so unwittingly or with the indention of deliberate falsehood. The Italians who. were, coming were paying their own fares, and coming to this country iii- the same free manner that Australians could go to Italy if they desired. The migrants who were being brought out by the Government were chiefly boys, who were trained at the experiment farms and were becoming good citizens » migrants who are coming out here," he declared, "are (from ths same stock as you and I. Are (you going to say to them—you who live in this free and sunny land—go back to overcrowded England and starve ? if we do that, we deserve to lose Australia to those who will make better use of it. Yet there are in this country those who call them selves Australians, and who would re fuse to their own flesh and blocll the opportunity to succeed." fi^ti!118 leueut vitit t0 England he found that there was a tremendous demand] for Aus tralian goods, of which the sslicrs could not get enough. The only lenied.y was to pro duce more by greater a-rea of land M ?r . cultivation. Australian butter—par *hat from the North Coast of New South Wales was popular, but in some quart ers .here wa-s^ a.prejudice against it because it was packed in boxes instead'of ke^s as was the Danish product. ° ' Geoi'ge Fuller's policy speech .promised .fiity works; 46 of thorn had been, or were 6in& £ainec* an(i the remaining four would be completed when the machinery airived for them. Could anyone point to a better political record ? sJd '5!Trer t0 an ill,ter<j°ctor; Mr. Farrar mm[ .hat many so-called unemployed came £ Walsh dliUOt believe in th* cr<Jed of Mr f aPPeal(*l for support for Mi. Perdnau, who for the past three year* Mi e B1.exponhent.of de** government. thJrlt ombe, in moving a- vote of thanks to Mr. Farrar, said he had some yearf ago come into contact with Mr fiSS^SLt. 5 