ALIEN INFLUX CHECK URGED SOLDIERS INSISTENT STRONG RESOLUTION The continuous flow of Italians into North Queensland was dis cussed by the delegates at the State' conference of the Returned Soldiers' and Sailors' Imperial League, yester day, and the opinion was generally expressed that there should he more control over Southern Europeans coming into Australia. Mr. T. Manly (Cairns), moving that the matter of restricting alien immigration be brought before the con ference, said that North Queensland was in a very peculiar position so far as aliens were concerned. There were some very good citizens among them, but the trouble was that they were getting a hold in divers ways on some of the best sugar lands in the north. That question had been dis cussed by every congress at Cairns, and they could get no further with it. If they walked down the main street of Innisfail they heard such remarks as "porko da sanco." (Laughter.) A delegate: Sigatoke. (Laughter.) Mr. H. Hoskins (Townsville) seconded tho motion, but considered that the word alien should be deleted, and that they should alter the tone create an impression that they were out to fight the foreigner. There was one very grave phase of the situation, and that was the possibility of dis ease being introduced by aliens. Only the previous day there was a report of the arrival of between 600 and 700 Italians at Fremantle, with one case of smallpox and three suspects, on board. That was a vital matter to North Queensland, as 80 per cent of those Italians were going there. A telegram was read from the Innis- fail branch, expressing its grave con- cern at the influx of Southern Euro peans into Australia- OUTVOTING THE AUSTRALIAN. Mr. C. S. Trudgian (Wide Bay and Burnett) said that in a few years' time those people would outvote the Australians in tho north. Could they not see what would happen if they did not stand out against tho influx now ? He thought tho motion should be more strongly worded. Mr. T. J. Ford (Morcton) pointed out that Western Australia was as much concerned with this class of immi- gration as was Queensland In our dis- trict in North Queensland, on Juno 30 last, according to official figures, there were 981 British farmers, and 182 non- British' while there were 687 British canecutter, and 1269 non-British cane- cutters. The secretary gave the following do- tails of tho number' of persons who ar rived in Queensland and the Common wealth during the last financial year ended June 30, 1924:— Queensland. C'wcalth. British » 3662 83,159 Danish 10 ' 131 Dutch O 222 French ...... 1. 033 German .. 15 < 148 Greek ...... 14 3021 Italians ... 427 2032 Maltese ' ,23 243 Norwegian . . Russian .. . \> 151 30? Swedish .. .v. .. . J3 Swiss 3. 332 United States'!;..; ,14 .1284 Other ..white races 83 r 7 1107 Afghans .. . . .. 0 v , 4 Armenians .. 0' J Chinese .. 402 39ol Japanese/. .. 37 472 Javanese ...... 1. t .0® Natives of India and Ceylon .. 5 JOB Malays .. .. 1'. 3® Siamese .. .. 0 - . Syrians ...... .'2 Other Asiatics .. 6 . . " Filipinos .. .. .. V G / rj American negroes 1 . « Papuans, ....... 2" 376 Polynesians . . 1. . & Other coloured races .. .. .. H 11 Total...-. - Sm . 36.041 Tho secretary added that these figures showed that of the 5103 who came to Queensland last ' financial year, 3002 were British, and 1531 foreigners, and that of Commonwealth immigrants 63,150 were British and 15,781 foreigners THE NUMBERS GROWING. Mr. Hopkins: But I think we have had more Italians coming into North Queensland during tho last six months than during the past financial year. Can wo get tho figures for tho last six months? Tho Chairman: No. Mr. Manly said that, as far as they could glean in' Cairns, in the last three months 92 Italians came from Southern Queensland by train, 43 came by one boat just before the shipping strike, and before he left Cairns there was another party of 68. Mr. Dark said they had been fighting the Commonwealth on this question for two years. If tho language test were strongly enforced, it would debar 100 per cent; and if these people had to produce the necessary money 80 per cent would be debarred. AN AWKWARD POSITION. Dr. E. S. Jackson (vice-president) said that a very awkward position was created because they had to make a serious admission reflecting on the British race. They could not blame these people for getting good lands; why did not the British do the same? There was a time within their recollec tions when it was tbe proud boast of the British people that they were the best colonists in tho world. What had become of that reputation? He person- ally did not want to see foreigners get ting the best land; he wanted to see Britishers. Tho remedy seemed to him to be to organise British farmers as tho aliens organised their people. Tho chairman urged that the Com monwealth Government should foster the immigration of people who spoke our own language. A STRONGER RESOLUTION. On tho suggestion of Mr. Trudgian, a motion was framed to embrace Mr. Manly's resolutions and others on simi lar lines from other districts. This new motion read as follows:— That tho Federal executive be asked to deal with the influx of aliens; that arrangements be made for a complete statement on tho sub ject from every sub-branch in the \- Commonwealth; that a special meet ing of tho Federal executive be held at the soonest possible moment, so that tho views of tho R.S.S.I.L.A. may be placed before tho Common wealth Government,' and necessary action Insisted upon; and that in the meantime tho following recommenda tions from this executive be seri ously considered:— (1) That the language test be strictly enforced; (2) That the financial status re- quired be also strictly enforced; (3) That seven years' residence within tho Commonwealth be re quired before citizenship is granted; (4) That tho quota system be in troduced, as is the practice in the United States. This was agreed to by tho Cairns and Mackay delegates', and tho motion was then carried unanimously. Dr. Jackson then moved that it be an instruction to the Federal office to get a clear definition of the language test, and that tho immigration authorities be urged to enforce this test most strongly. Mr. Trudgian seconded the motion, which was carried. 