SHIPPING STRIKE I POSITION IS SERIOUS I AT BRITISH PORTS I MORE LINERS ARE AFFECTED .; ? SOUTHAMPTON AND HULL SEE EXTENSION OF TROUBLE / AFRICAN VIEW OF LASCAR REPORT f. ? LONDON, Tuesday. 'THE STRIKE of seamen at Southampton has spread, and five liners are affected. ,' The crew of the Edinburgh Cattle, due to tail for South Africa on Friday, hu (truck, and also the crew of the Royal Mail liner, Aragua. : One hundred and sixty of the engine-room staff and 40 deck handl of the Majestic nave given notice of their withdrawal, but the White Star line official! are confident the Majestic will tail to-morrow, in spite of the diSeultiet. The strike morement of the Hull teamen is being presied vigorously to day fcy the unoBcial strike committee, and the various docks have been picketed. The steamer MeliUe, engaged in the West African trade, was unable to End a crew, and the situation generally is more threatening.— Reuter. MR. BRUCE IS TAKEN TO TASK The 'DAILY- HERALD.' In an edi torial, says:— 'Mr. Bruce lias frightened the Corti monwealth Into giving power to re cruit special police (or the purpose or deporting the strike leaders, and thin will probably oblige all who value free Institutions to take a stand along Rldo those against whom It Is direct ed. cries tlrnt will alarm the electors In to voting for them. In bo doins1, they incur a grave peril. 'They are putting dangerout ideas into the heads of unbalanced people, and they are forcing rea themselves whether it it not neces sary to be prepared to use vio lence against violence, 'They have embarked on a per foresee the 'and.' SHIPMENT OF LASCARS CAPETOWN, Tuesday Evening.' NothlnB Is known here ot tho pro posal to sliip Lascars from Bombay as Bti-ikc-ljrcukere. The P. and O. reprcwnl.itlvos disbe ollklals ray it is qnl'.e llkxly such a slep would b* taken by [he head oflicc. Public feeling here is likely to be unsympathetic with such a de velopment, particularly in view of the color prejudice. ' TALK OF MEDIATION It Is understood lli.it strong rcprc vernmciil from ul) parts of the coun try regarding the cerious menace of the strike to the export trade, and. as porters arc affecti-il. it is hoped these vldfd L'uth panics miuesl it. is received with nulu-Iutlloii. but success la only possible if both purtles arc willing to depart from tho uncompromising atti tude hitherto maintained. The fact, however, that the Durban strikers arc talking ul a coherence with the masters |x a good augury. On the other hand, tho refusal or the Kenllworth CasUe's men to sail, lnvolv inft-Uio holding up of two moll steam ers ot Capetown, in addition 10 two at Durban, Is not a hopetul factor. The cre«» of the Arundel Castle and Ballarat were called together this morn Ing, and asked If they persisted in their refusal to take the ships to sea. They reaffirmed their decision, and the Arun del Castle's passengers all left the ship. The Kenllworth Castle's pasBenpers have been requested to do AWKWARD FIX The Govcfnrocnt Is In an Awkward position, owing to the fact that the seamen are not South African citizens. Mr. Hook, Minister for Justice (and now ActlnB-Preniler), speaking at Llchtenburg. declared th.it he had ab solutely no sympathy with the aeamen, because thry struck without the sanc tion of their union. He did not know what 'he Government would do, but If the export of South African produce were affected, tho Government would have to take steps. MORE SHIPS IDLE. Beuter's representative siys that the Sophocles arrived from England to day, and anchored In the bay. Her crew Is expected to Join the strike. She has 400 Immigrants for Australia aboard. Durban's chief development in the strike to-day occurred when the men on the Sandgate Cattlo and the Balmoral Castle were de finitely ordered to get up (team to take the ships to tea. All the men refuted point blank. Six of them are to be charged at the Police Court to-morrow with refits Ing to obey ordera. Twelve, shlpB arc now Involved at Port Natal. The crew of the Bendlgo Is not unanimous on the question of Joining the strike. Borne of them think It better to ley up in a home port. The officers are fairly confident that the Bondigo will leave as though nothing haa happened. The majority of the strikers regard the reported importA tlon of Lascars from India as a plrvc or bluff, and think the shipowners will not ask for trouble in such a manner. —Reuter. ON THE CONTINENT, TOO COPENHAGEN. Tuetday Evening. Owing to the refusal of their de mand! for Increased wages, the sea men employed on a Danish sailing ahlp have struck, and the DanlBh Unskilled Workers* Union has declared a trans port blockade.— Reuter. 