FEDERAL GOVERNMENT'S RECORD. Critics Answered. TELLING SPEECH BY FEDERAL TREASURER The Butter Industry. . KYOGLE BRISBANE LINE . >1 ; ' « . ' ' : ... 7 " V . ' . . There was an overcrowded meeting at the Grafton Town Hall last, flight, ;wheh Dr. Earle Page delivered a -convincing speech upon Federal politics, and inciden tally replied to some of the critics "who have thought fit to find fault with the1' administration of the Bruce-Page Govern-, nient during the progress of the . State election. ' , Tlie Deputy Mayor (Aid. C. A. Howard) presided, r In introducing1 Dr. Page,, the. chairman , said that it? was needless for him " to 'ask for a good hearing for ,the Federal Treasurer/forhe was quite, cer. tain that- the big crowd present .would give liim " every, attention. !, ."? Dr. Page, who Va,? received with hearty applause when he rose to speak,- said : — I have come before you to-night for , a double purpose; first to give an account of my stewardship as member for Cowper, and/ secondly, to take the opportunity to support the Progressive candidates in . the Oxleyvand -Byron State electorates. -I desire to point out the amount of work that - has been dtine by tlie - Federal Gov ernment, not only in the interests of the people in the country, but in the interests of everyone in the community. We should not have been able to-do as much as we have, donfe had not Colonel-. Bruxner in the State ! Parliament kept the organisa tion together.-- TICK ERADICATION. 1 ' I notice' that an attempt lias been1 made to put the' Conimonwealth Government in the wrongt regarding its action in connec tion with the tick matter. The Cominon- Avealth Government has always bcen most anxious arid willing to support any prac tical scheme that will lead to the com plete istanjpipg out of the .tick. . It, how ever, lias always declined to put up money for the State to use in any way it liked, especially ' as the results of State action have never been to: keep the tick out, but, on the other hand, to-let it progress fur ther south. - The Commonwealth Govern ment has always desired to have -combined action. „ Last year the various bodies met and agreed to a scheme which tlie Com monwealth. Government ,knows would not appeal to the practical cattlemen, so it has called a conference, of the scientific men of Australia to meet on May 30 next to go into this question and to lay down a line of action that woulcLstainp out the tick menace and not- merely i be a scheme simply to persecute the land owners. The State "Government have not shown , them selves ... as -ready to co-operate with the Federal action as they -might. When, last year, I made available £1500 for. the study v of the question of bunchy top in bananas, I found it was over riine months before I could get concerted - action among tlie three contributing authorities to get 011 with tjie job. The Commonwealth Govern ment- was always ready to assist action that would bring ,'some . practical result. . It was not ready simply to provide money for others to spend without any: control over it by the authority which raised the sum. KYOGLE-BRISBANE RAILWAY. This Government is the; first Govern ment that has done anything more than talk about the unification of the railway 1 gauges/ and has actually brought about the beginning of the .work in this con nection, continued Dr. Page. ..Some four years ago the State Premiers and the Com monwealth Prime. Minister met and de cided that it would be a /good thing, if- unification', of . the railway gauges were brought about. As soon as this Federal Government came into office in 1923 they took this riiatter up with the States and got . them to agree as to how the work should bc carried on: But, .unfortunately, only Nevy. South Wales, Queensland, and Western Australia showed themselves at all anxious to have the scheme carried out: /and 'all the other Governments de clined to 'make contributions.. The Com monwealth Government, hoAvcver, realised the urgent necessity for' this work. It approached the New South Wales and Queensland Government, and said that if they would contribute their quotas on -the previously agreed-011 contributions, the Commonwealth Government would ;' not merely find its v own iota of oiie-fifth of the cost of the Kyogle-Brisbarie line, but also would temporarily find the whole of the 'money that the othAv States had said they would contribute at . first, and- then, in addition to that, would raise the - whole of tlie loans to-' carry out tlie work. That action resulted in the pre- i sent proposition- being . finalised. Of the cost, of £3,500,000, some £800,000 would be spoilt i'11 strengthening the line between Grafton and Kyogle, and the balance on : new construction. "Of the total amount 1 of £3, 500, p00, the Commonwealth is find- ing £1,900,000. From this it will- be seen that the Commonwealth Government is mainly responsible for the action that is being taken at the present time. Without ! its initiation and co-operation nothing 1 would yet, have been done. It-must be | remembered that in a matter like this it I is comparatively easy for the New South ! Wales or Die Queensland members to get action talcen by their respective Govern ments, but, in the case of the Common- ! wealth, Ave had to get it to put in the ' money for several of the States whose j Governments had refused to. assist. The I Federal character of the work is our justi- I fication. If an attempt had: been made J to include the Clarence bridge in this ! Avork as Avell there would have been no i possible chance of ever' gettinir it through Luc rufiidinciit, j. ins , uiiirorin gauge line will be a ' .tremeridou'asSet to-" the whole of Australia and, especially to this northern district of NewBbuthyWales, and I venture to say that AAdttiin 10 years it will be one of tlie busiest 'lines for botli freight and tourist traffic, in the Avhole of the Commoirwealth. BUTTER. ; During the last ; tAyo years - the Federal : GoA- erriment has shown -in its policy, legis lation, and administration, that it realises , that- the important part of producttion at the xiresent time is not the actual produc tion itself, but the marketing of the pro duct. The terms of the Australian c.011- slitution prevent it from dealing. with the internal distribution arid /handling of our products, except in an! indirect way, and consequently places it at:' a very serious disadvantage in connection 1 Avith all the schemes "that have been put .'"forward in connection with the stabilisation of prices in Australia. - The Coinnioinvealth Government, Iioav- ever, believes that the organisation of. the primary industries themselves, together with Commonwealth assistance and direc tion towards tlie profitable disposal of .tlie exportable surplus . of production in. these industries will solve "this, question in a better Avay than any compulsory local scheme of stabilisation. With this . ' ' end in A'ieAv it lias first of all created a, central banking system Avhieli can pro-.' Aride, as it Avere, a reservoir": of credit- for financing the jiroper handling of this liroduction, and then it has gone on -to pass u series of legislate Acts dealing Avitli handling of our meat, fruits, both canned and dried, and butter, . and has made a general provision that can deal . with any other primary industry y that or ganises itself 011 an efficient , basis./ - 1 In the case of butter, under- the proA'i- _sions of Avhat is known as the Dairy Exr port Control ' Act, a control iboard has been elected . by the industry itself to handle the surplus .production that is ex- . .ported in .such a way as to prevent cut throat competition .ibeing indulged in by .; tlie holders ?or producers .of Australian butter , on ' the', various. , export markets. . Under this scheme all butter must be ex- ? ported under license, and licenses are only granted to such . i.-agents Avho agree to i market their product in accordance with ' the desires of the Control Board." The aim of the Control Board is to work in harmony 'Avith a similar Control Board in Ncav Zealand, and if possible ' to ; preA'ent the dumping of Australian dairy -produce 011 the Loudon market, and to regulate its supply OA'er the whole year in a someivhat similar way , in Avhiqh the Danish Supply is .handled., - If this can be done there is no doubt but that, a bet ter average price, will be obtained. : What is necessary, liOAvever, in addi- .. tion to this is soine organisation' among the producers themselves in Australia to. ensure that a jiroper' proportion of butter \\- is exported, so, as to be able to prevent ; "gluts" and a' depression of prices'here! If unanimity antong the producers , and factories could be obtained this yyduld be a very simple business, and woula permit - of the butter: meii' taking, advantage - of the productive tariff ;iri the same Avay as the manufacturer' does; However, , there ' are in the butter industry, as in. every . other..- industry, certain greedy men who ' look to their OAvn individual interest first and not to . the. ultimate interest of the .community or their oavii -industry. Mr. ; Paterson, M.ILR.y , has devised a scheme , Avhereby a voluntary .levy is to be made 011 the Avhole of the butter produce, so as to giAre an export bounty 011 the butter exported, and T am glad to see that a trial is being giA'en to liis. scheme. : ' In my. ; opinion the compulsory bringing . in of such v a le'vy Avould.be a very danger ous '..tiling from' the point of view of 'the : industry . itself, as compulsory legislation j in this directioiTwoyk undoubtedly lead, in -my ppinioiiW ,!V<iilJulsory legislation/ regarding the price of Australian butter, | and in that event, AAre might find it diffi- 1 eult . to get the vieAvpo'int generally ac cepted .Avliieh 1 am ahvays trying to instil, and on which I ahvays insist, that it Avould pay the consumer of butter to pay Id. more a pound.- <f or -liis- butter, and so increase the purchasing poiver of the" dairymen for the goods that the eon- ; sumer makes, and thus secure his oivn : , regular, employment over the whole year, than to pay Id. erTb. less and decrease I the producer 's purchasing power so much ' as . to prevent , "the consumer being em- ployed in his own occupation more' than" " I 30 or 40 Aveek'd Sf t1ie'lyesir. . < | The whole 'pblicjr! 'ffiehirid the present Composite GoA'ernm'ent s ' legislation arid ' : administration is to benefit tlie coin- muiiity , 'generally, and to seerire the : regularity of employment by increasing the purchasing poiver of the farmer. ' COMMONWEALTH BANK. The CommonAvealth . Government 'e 1 set policy has been deliberately directed and ' Avill continue to be directed towards as suring continuous purchasing poAver among the producers, with its beneficial circle of regularity of employment and constant effective Avage. This tends to give a sense , of security throughout all classes. \- I)1,® first step taken by the Government 111 this direction lias been to transfer the Com meiiAvealth Bank into a Central Bank which will give that stability to finance and especially that element of confidence that markedly affects the i\Thole question of employment'.' -1 .The aim of the Goverri- nient is not to perform miracles, but to . establish' a reservoir of credit which will act in .just, the same .Avay as the reservoir ot a Avater supply, system acts in connec tion with rainfall and which will permit the. continuous and regular flow of nation al prosperity in'even- volume. The Bank has already sIioavii Avhat effect- it can have in stabilising .. the financial position, in what it Tias done in connection Avith its offer to issue £15,000,000, in notes if neces- ' s.'iry for handling 0f our huge clip of last year, thus enabling the wool sales to go 011 and good prices to be realised higher than ever before. Then last week it has shown its value again by the readiness AA'itli which it has brought- about the co- operation of the associated banks in adapt ing ifself to the neiv conditions that have arisen as a result of going bade to the gold basis.- It is very gratifying to knoiv that the : - immediate effect vof the action Avhich the ' bank strongly advjsed has been to reduce tlie cost; of telegraphic transfer , of. funds ironi Australia to- Londou from £3/10/ to : 15/ per cent, and that the turn of ex- i change Avhich before lias been from 20/-, to 25/ per cent, lias now. come doivn -.to 5/ per cent. This has been rendered pos- sible by the power given to the Common- . ' Avealth Bank to have control of our cur rency and to issue notes against' seeuri ties overseas. The Central Bank, as it groAvs stronger, will undoubtedly prove a beneficial influence which will reflect k- 1 in every nnanciai transaction; through- V? Qul the Avhole of tlie CoiiimonAvealth arid Avith other; countries arid in no sphere Avill 1 it so sIioav its ultimate effects as upon the rate of -interest here in Australia. The neAv bank will action credit as it grPws - stronger and stronger more and more like , the governor of an engine. It will help V: t stabilise prices, to . ensure regularity of eniployment. arid to check speculation. It will tend to keep the floAy of W natioriai pioduction at a steady even stream which is tlie;.,. safest possible Avay for ordinary . rank and file of humanity. MR. ANSTEY ANSWERED; ' " The contention . of Mr. Anstey that' we are taking the bank from the people can- ' not be sustained in any degree. In Avhat " way have we curtailed its activity? .We are not taking the .Common Avealth Bank from the people. On tlie contrary' we are making it more poAverf ul, more important and more able to exercise, not as it was doing before an indirect influence ori the - policy of the other trading banks,' but a real direct influence, tin influence, not in v the interests of priArate trading, but in the direct, public interest. That biflqepce. will I ' tend to stabilise ' our Avhole national 'fin-- - ances and direct > them along sound linies. ; :; There haAre been three big additions to the fl aancial "frameAvork of ; the Commonwealth brought about by this Govemnient, each of which to'7hio"ikrifiC epoch in Australian liiiancial history. Tliey are the creation of the National Dclit. Sinking Fund with its provisions for the redemption of our debt, the co- ordination, of State and Federal .borrowing iiiid 'the creation of the Central Bank of issue, re discount., exchange .and . reserve. Each one of these is of cardinal importance to our . progress, while the three combined will ; / tend to have a euinulative effect of making. ' Australian credit as good as .any in. the world. , ' WAR SERVICE HOMES. The . Goveriiinent cleaned up the War Service Homes muddle, put the, whole VVar Service Homes activity oiku satisfactory ..basis. and wiped out the excess charges for- houses over the original £800 sot down in tlife Act. . . MARINE TRANSPORT. .. With regard to our marine .trnuspprt there is no question, but that .tliis is.iip.t as good as it might be either on the qpaistal or oyer sea's service. The 'Commoii- wealth Goveriimeiit 'has recPgiiised tliis aiid- last, year appointed a' Royal- Com- piissipu "to .go ...into tlie questions ' ab . to whether there was a radical defect' 'in Tlie Navigation Act or 'what , adequate liiea- aures could . be taken jo inipfdve our coastal shipping and make our shipping service . of greater benefit to our niore re-, ujote States or to the States of small; population. ' The Comiiio'nwealtli Crovern- niept " had liopied 4P improve the overseas ppminiinication by putting tlie Cpinmeii- Wbalth Shipping" liiie on a businesslike basis. Two years ago it , cut the value df 'the siiijis down to bed-rock and put flibir 'manageiiient under 'the co'iitfol of a biisiess ' iioaril 'to givie tlie best possible ch'aiicp for the veiiture to prove of value fd, Ailsfralia. TJiifdrtunately, ./however, the various u;nidhs.wl»b 'say iliey believe iii State ;d\vnefsliip /of; enterprises liave so badly treated the": line as to rpiider it impossible to work wilipvit. ' lpss and now th'e/Goveriiiiieiit is 'attempt-. , ing ..tP: sell it , wliil'e still 'inaiiitaiiiiug Its yalue as ;an iii tegral /part of Australian Shipping, conveniences. N ; Benefits to the taxpayer. iflTlie Government, lias reduced postal charges, by 25" per ceiit.; it has wo'iider- fiilly improved the whole telephone- ser vices, bird' lias lessened trliuk chafgejs by. ppijy calculating, the ainouiit of the radial distance's of the call; ' ' Last year. SOJOOO 'telephones were ' installed; as coiiipafe"d / ypth 14,000 ill tlfe year before it took office. ' ' Tile Government has reduced, direct iii- ebine '.taxation, by oVer 10 vpef eent. iii the, geiieral inco'iiie tax, and in addition Jbifs " 'raised 'tlie "exemption to £300, " thus elieying 180,000 taxpayers from": iiicome fpx 'alfogether, 'ds well as riiisiiig the ex-' pinption for children; allping yiiiedical expenses as a deduction off iifco'ine," an'd jcmbvi'ng o'per'e'eht. dnl blip's liome. a"s aii addition to iiico'nie. ; ' //'It has fedu'eea the coSt of 'cdllecting ineome /tax ! by bringing about -the ; amal gamation witlrthe States in tlie machinery for the collection of State arid Federal income tax, resulting 'in a saving of- 000 officer's.' ' " '7 ' i . It lias brought about the' co- operation of the States a;iid. ' the " GbinmoiiwehitlT ill heciiririg 'co- ordiniitibii of borrqwiiig iii Aiisfrhiia' through .oiie hi%le. authority, 4viiicli aetion .has alfeaiiy resulted iu ie- diicfiph in /tlie Goyfe!iliriieflt . interest "rates / nhd n' rimrked 'imp ro e i 1 1 eiit ' ii i tlie market / , lne , bf .Goveriinreh't/":stc)Vkv a 'well as a icducido'ii in ' the -totUl ' bbri-oxvings of - tlie whole ',bf Australia.' ! EXPORT _ . Tlie e'ssen,tial requirenienta to get. a per- mahentr place on.'tlie iriarkets or oae Svorld iife, 'first . of all,, that cur/. goods should be of a unifprrilly high 'standard of quality; ibeondly, that tlfe'e . sliou d lie 'a// cpiitiau- o'us supply to 'permit of our custo/uiefs being /able to git iheiri througlio.ut the Whole of the year, 'a lid 'third .y.tluj't their prices "siibuld be' .edmpetit; ve. i/lie grad ing 'and' quality Of 'quT'friiit; for iristtiiice, /have so ' improved/that' -.Vi'ii. year ive_ were hbl'e to 'get-be'fter ; "prleea '/for our tiiiried fruit than ..they.cbul'fd tlie .'best ,'Cali- Torriilih. . Uirfoftuhatfely; bwirig to the eferiiialis in this country who-/ were al- Way's. talking about underproduction we JiaVe. libt been, up to the present, .able tb h/dep a iebnfiiiubus supply of our excelient products oil tlie outside markets. What we haYe,';MtfWevp'ti ;we are'Tibpiiig to use %o- tlie feeyt possible advaiitage under the Acts,' dealing, 'with biitter, dried fruits, hud /other primary products \Vhich permit bt the /'handling of -tlieir exportable 'sur plus ah a whole, andjbnly by/ageiits wlio ' are licensed as the' / result "of 'tlieir//iiiide'r; taking tb market iii ' accordance With 'tlie .wishes of the T whole 'industry. 'As' Avell the Comniohweaith Gbvernineiit has stated its willingness to financially stand behind, .not / tlie .holding ' for 'speculation, but the . holding for the orderly marketing of our prodiiets. ' .-.r ' ' , EMPLOYMENT. .-. The. . Government, has - ti-ied to 'secure' regular and profitable employment for. its peqpie by. extending tlie markets of its mjebduefs. , . The Prinie Minister and Seiihtbr Wilson went . Home in 1923 and /f biiglit a veiy stout, 'fight .for Imperial pre-' ferdiie, which has just/receiyed ,its ,re- Ayard by tlie bringirig/dbwii iii the British /Hbuse of Coiniribiis' of "a Bqdget eon'tain- irig the resolutibnS Of tlie imperial Eco- . fiomic Conference. Unfortunately, we re/not' receiving the full benefit that we might have received .if it liiid hot been for the Opposition of tlie Labor parties, both in Bfitai'n aiid iii 'Australia',. To our proposals, and of -tlie Tailrire of the Aus tralian Labor party to support tlie :Pfiirie Minister in liis .fight. . The 'general policy of the -pfesbn't Go.v- /efninent' has b'een tb endeavor to biisure the .fullest employment- for -'all 'tlie people of 'the whole of the continent by stimulat ing production and development" in -every way possible. It has tried to give the full pehefits of the local market' to our bwii gppds. In its own contracts it continu- . L ill/y. /gives Australian products 'very sub-' btatitial. pfefefeiiee over foreign goods, hiid iii tlie case of industries which it re-. gWrds'/ as beiiig vital to" our .progress and our /development,, and '.'which will 'make ihemselves efficient, it has riot 'hesitated tb give a '"preference bf over 50 per cent., his iii the case of the locomotive contract jas't year. However, in those eases iii which there is no prospect of a perman ent industry being established, 'arid in which tlie local price's are out of /all pro portion to the British 'prices, and '"further in whirili .the proportion of Australian -Ma terial incorporated in- the /job ;is ridicu- -loiiply/ "sriiall, then the Gbveriiffierit /will/ bbldly ' Ap what- it thinks to iie; 'riglit 'in I the interests of the community as a i wlioir. ; r;>v : / ADVICE TO ELECTORS, i /Tn /cbnelusion he urged the electors of Grafton to., stand behind the country caii- I , dilates. Tri Mr. J. K. Williams tliey liiid I A;' man wh.p Jliad lived all his life on tlie r C/lareiu'e River and lie should be gi\Ten l a run. Let the electors for Byron give I ''.that candidate tlieir No. .1 vote and their I next preferences to tlie other Progressive I candidates. The same for Oxley, he asked | them to give their first vote to Mr. Vin- I cent, arid their .next to the other Progres- I fiives. He only regretted that tlieir own I ..Mayor was not.' . standing 'behind the Pro- It gressive .party, but he /thought Mr. Robiii- I soil would ultimately -got. there because he I y'ould find that was his proper place. Let I them send back Col. Bruxrier as strong us I tfiey could because he had doiie excel cut l vork. lie believed that, this district, and I "Grafton, specially was just on tlie eve of j ja / fr.emeridbus evblution. He believed I they had turned the corner arid nothing I could stop their march .on to their real I -deBtiuy, even -if they wdre. delayed for 'a I year or two. . His/conviction was that the- | L . v ' proner place to 'start improving the condi- Timferh'ufc /ft be i retiricted throughout tlie laiiil, inakirig Aus- 'tralia a niagnqt" that would draw to it capital from all over the world- arid ¦immi grants with -wealth- and experience so that they would be reminded of the old days of the gold ' rushes when the place seemed to rush ahead wonderfully. This cen tury, he believed, would be Australia's century just the same, as the last century belong to Ariiericii; (Applause).' THE PATTERSON SCHEME. An invitation having been given for ques tions, Mr. T. B. Foyster, asked if Dr. Page thought, that the Patterson scheme would .'lie tlie /benpfi/t that was expected to the dairying industry? Would it have the ef fect of stabilising the'1 industry and in crease trie price by 3d. per lb. that -Mr. Pa.iterson' claimed, for it I ' ; Dr-VPage sifld the Patterson scheme .as designed to improve the price of butter ; iii A'iistralia and to make it worth the ex porter ?s while to send his produce over seas. At -i/reserit it Ava's selling iii Australia at ii 'price father less thaii it Svas sold at in Biiridb'ri a'iitl that whs "'probably diie to lac/k of '"dfgrinisatiOn ariibngst! :tlie ...producers fheriiscives. In lii's opinion if tliey hhd !a derient spirit and' uriaAiinity ariiririgst tlie dair/jmien there yoiilh 'be ho 'difficulty ;i'n secil'fing the adVari'tiiges bf 'proteetibri like , the manufacturer did and thus tliev would ( get "over tlie difficulty./. " Mr. Patterson's /scheiiie provided 'for 'a VGldiitafy TeVy of iid/. p.er- lb. on 'all biitter "prbduced in 'A'iib- tralia— that'. wjTs /the difference betweeii tlie //loca'P-Rrice iiiid tlie /pririe overseas,— so that 'they could give' the- produerir" a .bonus of 3d. -per lb/on 'the butter that 'lie sol(l ; overseas. It. wpiihl be "a 'gopd ar- raiigcmeu/f / "if it 'could be doiie /Voluntarily but. lie tlioiiglit it would" be a/caiaiiiity' if it whs riiade ebiripulsbfy. Tlie// scheme, lie thought, might be given a trial vbiiiii- tariiy aiid it ./shoiild lie cbiiniierided to the dairyiiieu. llis iiltiinh'te ideal was, to b/ing bqut A . coriditibn of affairs iii tlie primary iridustry so 'thiit the "p/rbdue'ei would- be able to ; Iffild his stuff not for speculation, but .for ordiiihry marketing. He tlioiiglit that tlie. hieetiiig: betweeii the Interstate delegates' had done more to bring a real natioiihl outlook for t/lie- liiit- ter position than anything/else during the past 30 vears. „ NEW STATES. . In reply to another, /quest'ioii by Mr. Fbyster, Dr. Page said lie lihd made the .statement wlien lie was told of /tlie report of t'h'e/'Cbiniiiis'sicin that it/ 'was. his opinion , Ijliat inside of 10 years /there : would' be three New States iii 'A'ustrhlia./; He 'still iieid that belief/ arid the report of tlie Commission, lie thought, .-would' . do more tb lihsten tlie consummation of tlie lrioye- lrieiit for a New State .-than' /ail ythiiig else. Tliat movement was founded /oil coiiinieii seiise raiid" that would 'ultimately win iii tlie, Ibiig inii iio matter how much it was blocked; . ./He thbugiit liai'.'lO .years was. a feasonabie tinie to allow for- tliat de velopment; . SIR' GEORGE BUCHANAN'S VISIT. In reply to Mr. A. Eggins, Dr. Page stated that the Federal Government had felt, that it needed expert advice .With re gard to the ports and was anxious for the developiri/eiit of the Northern Territory, so when the Prinie -Minister >va's in.England | lie apprbaclied the various leading "en gineers to see under, what . .terms tliey would come to Australia. \Vhen 4ie /re turned he asked the States whether tliey would be .prepared toy join in the expense, but 'tliey; did npt "shotv much anxiety. The Federal.. Government, however, engaged Sir George Buchanan to come .out arid when lie arrived tliey had said, to the' State Govern ments tliey they would be pleased for tliein to make use of his service's if "they /would pay: the 'expenses.' of ; any particular in- vestigation. This State/Government, how ever, "did :not see'm 'to be very kebii. " He had thought tliat it would be a ' national calamity 'if they did ribt'haVe the behefit of Sir George Buchanan's opinions with regard to these ports which really mat tered, and the Federal Government 'said they would aliow the S.tates to have his services tvith out ffny - 'expenses 'at. all. He (/Dr. Page), thought /it would . be pretty iiard if this expert went away Without see ing these -Northern -.ports, and he had. put in a strong -pica and this was .backed up by the wires from the North so ;that the Prime Minister brought .the. matter be fore .Sir George Fuller, Who decided tliat he would, be glad for him .to come along, ile (Dr. Page) /was not quite sure where Sir George Buchanan was now, but lie' ex pected, tp have a telegfain iiext day and" I he would le.t it lie/known when that gentle- j irian would be lferri. Wheri lie caiiie they j must make, sure; that Sir 'fereorge Buchanan j saw every detail frbm evCrv poiht of view ! because it would be no good if be went I away to gave tlieni hri ox>iriion; that Was iiof based on the fullest inYorriiritibii. They' sliouid not ask for 18ft;/ at the entrance, | but for 35ft., because lie thought this was ' /a harbor as-good as aiiy if tliey went about it in the right way. (Applause). ' On the motion of Air. D -;N. Maxwell, seconded, by Mr. D. ;T. "Lobban, a liearty vote of thanks ll Dr, Page for /his ad- ' dress was carried with aeelairiatipn. \- A vote of thanks to the Deputy Mayor for prejding was carried, at "tlie instance of -Dr. Page, who said tliat .'tliis beiiig flip season for the celebration of Empire Day would be fitting to close tlie meet ing with three cheers for the King arid the British Empire. These were lusti'J' given arid the proceedings were concluded. 