1 Woman 's World TOPICS OF FEMININE \ INTEREST i) t ' '? FASHION STILL | FINDS SOMETHING 7 NEW LAST MINUTE CHRISTMAS GIFTS- Mnbf ihpm Vnttrsplf Yes, but what shall. I give? The same old question Is being asked again In al most every household as tlie. Christmas season approaches. The answer Is two- folfl. fiiVA cnmniltlntf fbn ranlnlant wants. .A little tactful questioning will solve that problem, and something you can afford. Having, discovered whitt will be most' acceptable, make it your self, if possible. . To the girl who longs to be generous and has to be' economical -the coming of Christmas Is not an unmixed joy. But what pleasure . there la for the giver who puts thought and love into her gift, not because she must, but because she loves to bring forth from her store house of ideas something new. Now, at the eleventh hour, all good resolutions about starting early in the year long forgotten, some girls are still looking for suggestions. The hurry-up stage has set in. One of the best things for inexpen sive Christmas presents. Is. a; yard of linen. You can make no end of .things ;from it. Dainty collars and cuffs are all the rage just now, or a jabot. Ybu" can ornament them with hand embrdhl- . ery or trim -them with insertion and' lace. Then you 'can cut' out any number of doyleys, finish the edge, with draw- thread, or the new Danish Hedebo em broidery, or scallop and buttonhole them, either with white or a color. The colored linen sets, are most effective. No housekeeper can have too many d oyleys, and they can bo easUy sent by post — another advantage. Here is another idea, which will add a decorative touch to your friend's table. Make a ,set .of mats in net, darned with rafila. Choose cotors to tone with her china. Orange and brown, with paler yellows, look well; but for tho softer effects old rose, blue and green look most artistic. For a luncheon set you require three-quarters of a yard of net. Use an ordinary fiat bodkin for raffia, and darn in whatever pattern 3'ou like. Then charming little posies to deco rate a hat can be made from rafila, and the prettiest . hair-bands for evening wear, if the worker , has a sense of the artistic. An envelope bag is a present anyone would welcome. They are not difficult to make. Either moire or repp is suit able, and half a yard of single width silk makes two. You will require about three-quarters of a yard for the lining, as there are pockets to make. Use spar- terie to stiffen, tho silk. These bags can. be decorated in a variety of ways. Embroidered in. colored silkq, or in steel beads, or yet another pretty effect can be obtained with a painted design. Aiiturpn leaves'and berries , look well. : nTh'eh ;for the woman who goes racing : a suede cover for her race-book'makes a ' .nice gift. Another quickly, made and acceptable present is a case for eye glasses, which can bo covered in any gay- colored brocade. - , The charming dolls which have been used chiefly to cover tlie telephone can be used as a camouflage for a still more practical, purpose, and - an ornamental one, too, for the breakfast table. Dress her In taffeta, with several flannel poc kets under her boultanit" gown. They 4vill keep the eggs warm. QUEENSLAND HOSTESS Plains Happy Party Delightfully arranged was the lun cheon party civen by Mrs R. G. Bal- dock, of Ellangowan. Queensland, at Menzles' Hotel yesterday. The palest shade of blue delphiniums and pink carnations mado a charming, table'de- coratlon, and a festive touch was added by the dainty Rifts . placed at each guest's cover. They added a further decorative ..note wljen all opened out.-' Perfume, vanity cases, and 'other dainty .things were - includ ed as a remembrance from the host ess of the approach of Christinas. Gathered- round the table were Mrs Colin Frascr and' her. mother. Mrs McNamara, Mrs -Leslie Stuart and her daughter, Madame de Bavav and Miss de Bavay, Mrs' E. :P. Bevan and Miss Mayberry Bevan. Mrs , Murray Mor ton and Mlss'Uia Morton. Mrs H.. S. Gullett, Mrs Bred Krcrouse. Mrs Alec Lane, Mrs "Horace TVlmpole,. MrH Glass. Miss Mar jorio Tate Sutherland and Miss Beryl Fitts. Dr and Mrs A. E. V. Richardson have taken their passages by the An- chises, duo to leave Adelaide on De cember 30. They will break their journey at South Africa, and stay there a month. They then go on to England. Later comes a tour of . Norway and various Continental con- tres. where the doctor will engage In agricultural - research. They will come homo vial tho Eastern route, 'as Dr 'Richardson is attending the Scion'ce Congress in Japan in 192G. The committee of the Hawthorn Baby Health Centre gave a 'party at the Botanic Gardens today, with Sirs George Swinburne president, as the guest of honor. Among tlio guests were: Mesdames Pridrfiore, Lord, Sam- bell, Ward, Ceilings, Cameron, Welsh man, Long, Edgar, Chalmers. Brad- shaw, also Misses Craig. Kennon, Johnson, and Sister Allen. Housewives' Daily Interest Be In time iclth your entry this tccclc. Post it now. You viiyht hnve some luclc. Address — Editress, Housewives' Competition, Woman's Page, The Herald. red currant sweet Now that red currants are in,, a dcliciou pretty sweet can be innde. with , thein. Cut Home slices of stale bread about lialf-an-inch thick,- Cut crust off and fihe a picdlsh or basin (bottom and side). Stew some red cur rent enough to fill > the basin to overflowing. Sweeten to taste. When cocked and. boiling. hot, pour into the lined basin. . Cpvcr the top with a slice of- bread, and place a plate or dish on' It, the weight allowing the juice , to run over. Leave for 12 hours or more, then turn out. Pour the leftover juice over the pie. Serve with cream or custard. - Raspberries are nice mixed with the currant for a change. — M.P.. Arma dale. ironing blanket hint .. Hare o piece of. blanket half an Inch bigger then your board or tuble. Hern it. and run elastic through. To prevent the elastic stretch Ing too much, add tape here and there. You will And the blanket very firm. This idea is sIeo good for -a polished tabic. It prevent the hot plate staining it. — L. DcG.,' Richmond. MAKING CHRISTMAS CHEERY Tho now settler's first Christmas in Australia! " It" "doesn't sound a very cheerful prospect does It? Fortunately the Migration and Settlement Com mittee of the Victoria : League In Victoria realises tho Inevitable loneli ness of such a time. Every year its members arrange a party for. those of our overseas friends who have only been here twelve months. Many of them are those who have come out under the auspices of the League. Others have been Invited through the New Settlers' League. Others again are ex- Servlce women, old friends who have been here ror many years, while at last evening's party In the Y.W.C.A. a number , of . Toe. II. men joined the ranks. The evening. was the merriest Imag inable. There was no time for a dull moment. Tho "mixing up" process was effected almost immediately by that useful competition, the pinning of celeb rities' names on one's . back and the guessing of them through, questions. Very soon there was a happy babel of voices, and the newcomers thawed. Now , and again the talking ceased as Miss Romola Hanstein mounted the platform to sing to them, Mr T. It. Lewis to entertain them with his humor ous recitations, or Mr J. Walsh -to mystify them with his conjuring tricks. After a - delicious . supper came the thrill of the evening— the. distribution of gifts. This year I the. Christmas tree Idea was exchanged for a' fish pond. Behind a screen someone mounted guard over: a pile of pretty- pink par cels tied with colored raffia. These were "fished for" from the otlier side with big "Bo-Peep" hooks. Great was tho excitement as a pretty handkerchief, bottles of scent, bath salts, silver trays and. all sorts of dainty trifles emerged from the wrappings: In some miracu lous way the children seemed to "catch" just the very toys .they wanted. During, tho evening members of the Immigration and Settlement Committee, helped by officers of the League, repre sentatives from the New' Settlers' League and others worked untiringly to see that their guests ' were happy. Kindergarten News The Free Kindergarten . Union ap pointments for 1926 are as follows: — Burnley: During Miss . Sproule's ab- senco on a trip abroad ' Miss Noll Brownleo wilt bo acting director. Miss Elma ICilgour will bo second assistant. Yooralla: Mrs Cate has ' bcon rc-np- pointed 'director, with ,'Mlss " Lllllas Lothian as assistant director. At the following kindergartens tho assistants will be: — Brunswick, Miss E. Stephen son: Carlton, Miss Paul, Miss Martin: Colllngwood Mission,' Miss "I. Gordon; liornbrook. Miss B. Chomloy; LUllsn Cannum, Miss G. Edwards; Si. Kllda, Miss M. -Kendell; Lady Nortlicote, Miss I. Strahan: Geolong (two kinder gartens), Miss J. Brown ' at Geclong West. and- Mlss II. Elder at Chilwull. Behoving assistant. Miss M. Gregory. TODAY'S SOCIAL : DIARY Mainly About People Mrs Neville L.mgley, of Manor street, Middle -Brighton, and Mrs Patricia Coates, of Janet Clarke Hall, Trinity College, are leaving by the Chitral for England on January 5. They expect to be away about seven months. Miss Ena Twomey, of Pensliurst, who has been the guest of Miss Anne WtUls, of Denbigh road, Armadale, left yes terday with her hostess to stay with Mrs David Hopkins for tho Hamilton races. Mrs Borden, of "Linden," Acland street, St. Kllda, and Mrs W. Nott, aro leaving for Sydney on Sunday, when they will embark by the Aor- angl for a short trip to Honolulu. Miss 'Hazel Moody, a youthful dancer from Adelaide, who has been in Melbourne for a few days, return ed to South Australia today. Mrs Robert Hamilton, of Gordon street, Toorak, has undorgono an operation for, appendicitis, and Is in "Windarra" private hospital, Williams road, Toorak. Miss Minnie Gray and Miss Olive Gray, of 13 Collins street, leave for England by the s.s. Ormonde on De cember 15. Doctor and Mrs A. Wunderlicli, Lang street. Centennial Park", Syd ney. who have been staying at Mcn- zics' Hotel, returned to Sydney yes terday. Professor and Mrs "Wilfred E. Agar, Melbourne: University, with their family, leave for a trip to Eng land by the as. Persic on December 17\. ' Miss Eileen Castles Is arranging the programme for the sacred concert which will be held on Sunday In aid of St. Augustine's Church. Yarravillo. The artists wilt "Include Miss Dorothy Hulls, Mr Cecil ;.Pnrkes, and Mr C. Pyke. . Miss Marjorlo Moody, of Chelten ham, is returning to Australia on the Jervis Bay, after a nine months' trip to England and . the Continent.' The boat Is due here tomorrow. Mrs W. L. IfUssell, president, and tho council of the Methodist Ladies' College Old Collegians' Club, have Issued Invitations for tho annual garden party In tho college grounds on December 12. A, garden fete Is being held in aid of St. Anthony's Homo for Destitute Children, ICew, at tho home of Miss J(. Cody, "Range View," Mary street. Kew. on Saturday, at 2 p. m. A meeting of tho; Quarterly Club will be held In York House on De cember 19 at 3 p.m.. when Miss Piuck- noy and Miss Mary McMahon will bo tlie guests of honor. Miss Alice Hall, of 3 Love street, Black .Rock, is honorary secretary. > Miss McPhee, a missionary from Korea, on furlough, whoso health has not been good, is gradually improv ing. , Engaged The engagement is npnounccd of Miss Gertio Annie- Johnson, third daughter of Mr and Mrs B. E. John- Ron "Corra Linn," Bay View street, Northcote, to Mr, Louis Haraon, M.P.S.. of Melbourne, youngest son of Mr and Mrs P. Hamon, Mt. Eden, Auckland. Now Zealand. Tho engagement is 'nnnounccd of Miss Winnie Skinner, eldest- daughter of Mr and Mrs, A. ,C. Skinner, Snow- doh avenue, "Cdulfidhl,- to Mr Tom : Bdrosford, eldest son- of Mr and Mrs T. Beresford.jNarong road, Caulflold. The engagement > Is announced of Miss Dulclq Hosogood, only 'daughter of Mr George -Hoscgood. i. and the I late Mrs Hosegood." of Nobrlli'm,' Don.' dcnong rpml, ' Armadale, to Mr'Albert Aland, only son of Mr and Mrs 12. Aland, .Watcrdalo rqad, Ivanhoe. Tho engagement Is announced of Valerie, only daughter of Mr and Mrs / ®. II. FalrchUd, Lyndoch Park, Whittle- j sea, and . Harry, son of Mr and Mrs 1 John Matheeon, of Ivanhoe. - I 