ROMANCE OF AUSTRALIAN GOLD FIELDS RUSH One of the greatest romances of emigration and fortune is reveal ed by the will of Mrs. Millicent Emily Salting, a rich Mayfair widow, who has left nearly £2 000, 000 (ays the London "Sunday News"). The foundations of this great wealth were laid by a poor Dan ish emigrant, who went out to Australia 50 years ago. In no less romantic fashion the bulk of the fortune has gassed, un der two wills, to the old Scottish family of the Earl of Haddinaton. The present earl inherits about £1.000,000 under the latest will. Friendless, and with little money, a young Dane went out to Austra lia in 1835--before the great gold rush-"to seek his fortune." How he found it and became a millionaire-first as sheepfarmer, then as merchant, and. by taking advantage of the openmn and de velopment of the goldfields-is re called by the death of Mrs. Milli cent Emily Salting, his daughter in-law, whose will reveals an en-' ormuos estate of nearly £2,000, 000. Fortune Doubled. Mrs. Salting lived in a spacious mansion in Berkeley square, a house famous for its art treasures. But since the death of her hus band she has retired almost com pletely from social life, to live in a manner little suggestive of her vast wealth. When it was made known that the £991,324 left to her 10 years ago by her husband, Mr. Wil liam Severin Salting, son of the poor Danish emigrant, had been nearly doubled, even the closest friends of Mrs. Salting were taken by surprise. Mr. Salting, sen., established himself as a sheepfarmer in Aus tralia nearly 90 years ago, and made a success of it. When the gold rush of 1851 came and gal vanised the whole country, into a frenzied activity, he did what nearly every able-bodied . man in Australia did--he joined in the rush. And he was lucky. He found gold. In that mad stampede in the bleak wilderness, beneath which the gold .waited the seeker in vast quantities, fortunes were some times made in a night. Men struck with a. pick, to find revealed to them the yellow sparkling treasure of a King Solomon's mine. Nug gets weighing 500 oz. and more were hacked out of the rock. One such was -old for £10,500. Land Investments. Mr. Salting extended his scope of money making. The cash he got for his gold he invested in land, and, with the enormous rises in values which followed the opening up of the country, the coming of the telegraph, railway and fresh population and capital, land proved a second gold mine for him. He joined forces with two other enterprising men, and founded the Sydney firm of Flower, Salting, Challis and Co. Salting was in on rockbottom prices. The country grew; he grew with it. When, in 1857, Mr. Salting deter. mined to retire and settle nif Eng land with his two sons, Wil'iam and George, he was reputed to be a mil honaire, and he was, He bought a beautiful estate at Chertsey, Surrey, and there he lived until his death in 1865. His vast fortune he left to his two sons, each of whom inheriwed over £1,000,000. The eldest son William, whose widow's will has just been proved, died in 1905, and left £991,324. His widow inherited this fortune intact. For 19 years she has lived quietly, never spending a tithe of her in come. Wealth rolled in on her an tomatically, and her vast capital grew until, at her death at the age of 76. it had almost doubled itself. The gross value of her estate is £1, 868,184. Mr. Geoigo Salting, the younger so of the Danish immigrant, was a world-famous art connoisseur. He devoted his whole life to collecting objects of art. Society. luxury and travel did not interest him. He had only one passion-his art treasures. He lived alone in a small set of chambers in St. James-street, where his rooms were overcrowded wiTbh i a unique collection of art treasures \--pictures, rare books, sculptures, porcelains. enamels, bronzes, and old gold and silver. He was a well-known figure-an insignificant, shbabby-looking man, who rode on omnibuses and took his meals in cheap tea shops. His collection of Chinese porce. lain was one of the finest in exist-; ence. At the spitzer art sale at SParis, in 1893. he spent what was then considered the enormous sum of £40,000 on objects which took his fancy, On his death he be queathed the greater part of his tr?easures to the National Gallery, the British Museum, and the Vic toria and Albert Museum, South Kensington. His vast fortune-£1,348,083--he left to his niece (the only child of 