ON ADVERTISING. , , Mr. E. Lee - Neil ( Australian Commissioner for the British Em pire ; . Exhibition) proposes that £-50,000;should='be?spent in adver tising Australian goods in Eng- land. The Federal -Cabinet is to consider ; the suggestion- at its, meeting to-morrow, -and it is said' that the; Government is not like ly to agree to the expenditure of so much money for the purpose ; mentioned. . Exactly why the Go vernment is not disposed to, spend,- sp much money for such a, pur pose-is ;not knoivn. At all events it- "is a bit late in the day to? ques tion the wisdom? of spending money on advertising, and such an amount that , v/ould be regard ed as ridiculously small by some of the larger firms in England; - English' .fruitgrowers /have" long combined for the purpose of carrying- on national advertising campaigns. At a meeting . of the tomato growers in England- re cently it was decided, owing to a slump in the prices of the vege table, to spend £ 1 2,000 in ad vertising to' popularise, the vege-. table,- and immediately / prices jumped to more than a remuner ative level: The v ri'ie of "advertising has never bp. en appreciated by the Australian' Governments who have been , endeavouring tq push the sale of our products, overseas. While Australia House- m London squanders .£5.4,000 a yeay,. only, £9 60 goes -in advertisings the iripst of it with ' a- view to attracting, immigrants thither, and very little, of it for the purpose pr- pushing the sale of our products. And1 the pity of it is that the possibili ties for the expansion of Aus tralian trade are unlimited, did we have sufficient business acumen to make our products better known, and in addition' we should obtain bigger / prices f or the. comparatiye ly small quantities of the products we do sell. For instance;" those- who ' have sampled Danish and Australian better- declare that the Australian product is just as good, ' r.-- . ' . 1 V :.-V Kill if not better, tnan ns nv «.- in spite of this fact Danish butter,, according to latest cables, is bring ing £1 pef cwt. more on the Lon don market than Australian, i he disparity in price is due tea num ber, of reasons, one of wmcn ia the fact that the good qualities ot the Australian product are not as widely knoAvn as they should- be.- If some of the ignorance . wnich prevails were dispelled by means of a consistent >and persistent a. - vertising campaign, prices woulc. go "nearer to the Danisn leve, and the returns to dairymen would be increased. 