, RACE TYPES LONG HEADS ANd ROUND HEADS PEOPLES OF EUROPE "Not long: before, the War ' the* renegade Englishman Htfustcn Chamberlain develop ed for the edification of the Kaiser and his subjects the theory that nearly all the great men of history," including the Founder of Christianity, 'belonged to the Nordic race*, a breed of supermen represented by the Germans and Scandinavians, and, with some dilution^ by the English," writes Dean Inge in the "Morning Post." "Anyone who knows thefphysical-icharac teristics of the . three strains'..iwliich- make up the population of Europe can see for himself that the Germans are not Nordics, but a mixed race in which the stocky, round5 headed Alpine breed predominates. "The present Nordics are to- be. found in Sweden; next to the Swedes''in racial pur ity come the Norwegians, Danes, Dutch and English. Elsewhere the Nordics-are an* aris tocratic type' differing markedly •'from the masses especially in the towns. < >; .£ ?/ I "Has the Nordic race the superiority which has been claimed for it? And afe racial differences, apart from i^tiolnality, a very important factor in European his tory? Race and nationality arc quite dif ferent things. The only definition of a nation is a large group of vpeople <-wh,o wish to belong together. The 'TVcn'ch, 'for ' <bx-' ample, are intensely: national, but racially they belong to three' different stocks. "Mr. Lotlirop Stoddard, who is well known as a prophet of racialism in. the in terpretation of history, has 'lately put-'his theory to the test by visiting iilniost' every country in Europe and has given his experi rnce to the world in a brilliant and ex tremely interesting - book called 'Racial Realities in Europe ' It is, 'of course, ae defence of a particular theory, which may be only one of; several keys for unlocking the mysteries of national life; but I can not doubt that -the author has opened out a very fruitful; line , of study and that the philosophy of; history will in the future have to pay more attention to the factor of race than. has done hitherto. . DISTINCTIONS "The main facts of race distribution are well known, and tliere: is no longer any seri ous difference: tof - opinion 'among experts.. "Europe "contains two long-headed races, the Nordics and the Mediterraneans, and the one round-headed raee, the Alpines. "The Nordic is tall and fair; the Medi terranean shorter -and' more slenderly built; I his hair and eyes are dark, his skin olive, or swarthy. The Alpine is broad and sturdy, clumsily made, and usually dark. The Swedes,. Spaniards and Russians supply typ ical examples, of these three- types; though we must not select an aristocratic Russian, who may be a pure Nordic, nor the Mongol ised type, which is very common, as an im polite proverb about scratching a Russian and finding a Tartar indicates. "Differences of mind and temperament are as well marked as variations in height, figure and colour. The Mediterranean is emotional, passionate, wanting in tenacity He is sociable, but undisciplined, and rarely founds a stable or strong government ex cept Tinder Nordic leadership. -He excels in arts, and in the joy of living. From various causes, the Mediterraneans . of. to-day,are racially impoverished, and are sometimes, as in Portugal and South Ireland, of very poor quality. ''The Alpines arc the typical peasants, sturdy, tenacious,: stolid, and. unimaginative. They are not warlike, but have a gift for peaceful penetration, soaking in among .Mediterranean populations • ?.nd supplanting them. The Nordics have conquered them, but have gradually been absorbed by their j dogged subjects. In Germa.-iv the Alpines have spread at • the expense of the Nordics, in France at the expense of the Mediter raneans. Both countries ai« now predomin antly round-headed. The ruling class in an Alpine population is seldom of tho same breed as the ruled. NORDIC QUALITIES "The Nordics are essentially a northern I race. They are distinguished by a restless j creative energy, which carried them far to . the south and east of their homes. The Ar yan conquerors of India, Homer's Achaeans, the .ruling class in ancient Rome, the Franks and Normans, were all Nordics, To-day j their chief hope of racial predominance lies j in, the United States and in the British Do-' minions. The Americans have resolved, I just iii time, that they will not allow, them-j selves to be swamped by alien immigrants. The Nordic has political ability, and is too sensitive of his personal rights to tolerate tyranny.' "Towards other races he is proud and ex clusive; he will not willingly mix his blocd with theirs. He loves good living, and is therefore a high-standard man—a doubtful advantage for bft survivhH The' Nor dic is also penalised by his fighting quali ties. In. every war he is the first to Volun teer and the first to fall. Every great war has diminished the Nordic stock. Perhaps the three most disastrous struggles, from this point of view, were the Thirty Years War, the Ainerican Civil War, and the re cent great .war. "It is; probable that, the hatred of the privileged class, which has several times led. to 'violent revolutions, has a racial origin. One of the cries against the aristocrats in the French Revolution was, 'Send them back to the German marshes whence they came.' And nothing delighted the small, dark mob who gathered around the guillo tine _ more than when the executioner held up the head of a lady by her long blond hair. In Russia the aristocracy whieh has been massacred by the Bolsheviks was large ly. of Nordie origin, and the same is true' of Ireland. It has been proved that almost every distinguished Irishman is of English or Scottish descent. ANCIENT BRITISH "Mr. Scoddard's theory makes him a good friend to Great Britain. He considers that1 we are a very homogeneous nation^ since the Alpine roundheads are not represented! in our population. This is the more curious, j because there was once a round-headed race in Britain, who buried their dead in. round barrows; but they seem to have died out, after leaving (according to one theory) the so-called Celtic language behind them "The British, before the English con quest, he regards as pure Mediterraneans, who made their way fa? north 'of their usual limit, tempted by the mildness of our climate. To me, however, it seems prob able that these Mediterranean invaders amingled with an. earlier Neolithic stock, oi which nothing ia known. The island was inhabited .before the coming of the Mediter raneans; and the non-Nordic parts of the population, such as the Welsh, are surely different from the pure Southerners, sturd ier in build, and unlike in feature. The Nor i die invaders, including the Normans, were all. of kindred race, and fused readily with each other." "I entirely agree with hig unstinted ad miration. of the < three Scandinavian _ nations. He notices the far-seeing wisdom which pre vented the Swedes from declaring war upon seceding Norway, a war which would have left both at the mercy of ,,Russia; the mod eration of the Danes in claiming only the purely Danish part of Schleswig-Holstein and their good-natured concession of .mtono my to the 90,000 inhabitants of Iceland; and lastly, the prudent statesmanship of tin Swedes in not taking the purely Swedisl Aland Islands from Finland. They knev Mi at a friendly Finland might be very use t'ul'to them in the future." Jack: "Here conies father, pretending t< be Santa Claus." Bobby: "Oh, lie down j Jack—we must humour, the old- blighter.'? ^ 