AUSTRALIA'S RESOURCES HUMAN AND MATERIAL SOME THOUGHTS UPON THEIR MUTUAL RELATIONS. (Au address delivered by Mr. Stir ling Taylor at the Annual Conference oi" Patent Attorneys 01 Australia, Melbourne, 27lti February. I!t25. t Austiaii;- is fortunate in the pos session (A such material resources, both in their range ami abundance as are generally considered to be [ essential to the safety of a nation, j and necessary if it is to develop | high standard of civilised life, and an honored status amongst the'na tions, as well- as to attain any con siderable degree of self-suflicienry. 'In these respects, however. Aus tralia is not singular, for other coun tries, notably Itussia and China, pos sess resources „lhat are possibly j even greater than ours. llul. neces-j sary though these basic resources are j before any country can become great1 ! and prosperous, their possession does : j not automatically ensure these re ! suits. Otherwise. tlie countries nam ed would probably be pre-eminent above all otlieis. and the lesser ter ritories of England. Germany, Japan. Italy and others, admittedly great nations, would he of little account. Essential though they are, purely material resources are. of little worth unless the people who control them bring to bear upon them qualities of high intelligence and keen enterprise. And so we must place first amongst the many resources of this country the people themselves. Nor is tills statement the mere tru ism which at first sight it may ap pear. Land, labour, capital and or ganisation are the four factors of production, the great pillars that up-1 hold our system of civilisation, and the greatest of these is organisation. It is the brain of the organic order of modern society. And just as the human brain developed latest physical evolution, diffrentiating man from the lower animals by his capac ity for thought, so organisation is the soul of social evolution, spelling the difference between savagery and civilised life. To pursue the analogy one step further, just as man has practically completed his purely physical devel opment. and expands his personality by the improvement of his tools, so in his social life he is ever seeking progress through improvements in organisation. As mere factors of production, land, labour and capital are practic ally static; in the main ajl we can do with them we are already doing or know how to do. But the capacity of man to progress in the applica ton of his brain to further system atisation and exploitation of the garth's resources is virtually as nearly limitless as tlie resources themselves. The 6.000,000 Austra lians who constitute this young na tion are, therefore, its greatest as set in actual wealth-making capacity, but far more so in their potentiality for further wealth-production through better organisation. And that means improvement of the individual type, through education and good condi tions, and improvement of the na tional system of wealth-getting and utilisation. How high is the quality of intel ligence of our people is strikingly shown in a table quoted in the Mel buorne "Argus" for February 7th. 1925, in an article by B. G. Falk. In the psychological tests there sum marised the immigrants to the Unit ed States of purely British stock i come out far ahead, in intelligence and efficiency, of those of other na-j tions, Australians naturally do notj appear in such an immigration table.] but we may fairly deduce that they would occupy at least as high place as natives of England or Scot land, since they are the most thor ough blending of these slocks—in an almost perfect environment—to be found in the whole world. It needs little imagination to conjecture the possibilities ahead of this young Com monwealth, with such a handsome start in the two great factors of heredity and environment—an al most untainted stock, of high intel ligence, an entirely favorable cli mate, and a bounteous supply of natural wealth. According to Mr. Wick ens. Com monwealth Statistician, our popula tion of less than six million people represents a capital value in the na tion's books of £12,500,(100,000. Tliey are assessed upon their productive capacity individually at over £2. 160\. We derive much satisfaction from that statement. It certainly does look well alongside the estim ates made of the economic value of oilier national:-;. Hut is it, when our rare circumstances, lhje felicity of our land and climate, are taken into consideration, a ground for genuine satisfaction? 1 venture to say it is not. I suggest that the degree of I utilisation of the man-power of this | country—high as it may he by com parison with many other countries— is still lower (han it should he. In our circumstances. 6,(100.000 Austra lians should have a higher produc tive value than that indicated. It would appear that an undue propor tion of them make no economic con tribution to the life of the nation, (hat their energies are more or less wasted; they are not pulling their weight, while others are possibly over burdened. One may quote, not invidiously, the fact that probably well over 10.00ft persons are direct ly and fully employed in connection with horse-racing in Australia—not counting the trades that serve the occupation partially or the multitude of hangers-on. If a survey of all the non-economic occupations of the Com monwealth were made, and a list of non-productive persons were compil ed, the result would certainly prove startling. But even having regard solely to the producers—and in that category must be included all who contribute to the well-being of the community— the position leaves much to be de sired. If we called upon science for the aid readily available, and used the intelligence we undoubtedly possess, if we entered upon an over-! haul ol' every depaitment of our aut ivities, I feel sure that there would be a different (ale to tell. The growing complexity of modern econ omir society will ultim itely force upon us ihis wholesale application of our mental to our material resources. Wo have built up a nation of mag nificent physique and keen mentality in a few generations out of nature's rich endowment, but just as every extra seamile demands an ever in r.reas ing percentage of coal-consump tion. so the additional rises in the standard of living to which our people still properly aspire can only h" gained hy the expenditure of sci entific knowledge upon our rich re sources. We have deliberately chos en to be a nation of high average comfort, and the price of the main tenance of that progressive standard is high average efficiency. Of all the natural resources neces sary for man's welfare the agricul tural and mineral come lirst in order of importance. Obviously 1 cannot here deal with either at any length, and propose only— and that merely in passing—to inquire into the de gree of utilisation of our great agri-; cultural wealth. 1 will thus endeavor to give practical cogency to the; more theoretical arguments I have J used so far. The question we must obviously face is, "Are we utilising our lands to the fullest possible extent?" The answer must he an emphatic "No!" If we look round upon other coun ; tries whose full utilisation of their agricultural resources is a necessity of their existence, we find a very different situation. In Japan we have, perhaps, the best example of a coun try approaching the full development of its resources. With meagre mineral wealth, rug ged topography, a. small proportion of about 2,000 per square mile of tilled land— about three persons per acre, this country, until the recent sudden shift to commerce, support ed itself almost entirely by agricul ture with an average area of about three acres per farm family. Upon this slim resource, the nation has maintained its physical and intellectu j al vigor and a liigh civilisation: but to do so they entered almost ex clusively upon the ultimate stage of agriculture, namely, the gax-den stage of hand labour and the non meat diet. But the experience of Japan is not for Australia's copying. Such ex treme exploitation is impelled by the needs of teeming population and is accompanied by lower standards of living, and general social conditions that are not to he dreamt of for a moment in regard to our own coun try. Belgium is said to be ahead of any other western nation in the utilisa tion of her resources. Her factory workers live upou the land to a de gree unknown elsewhere. With his plot of ground there is room for pro duction by the aid of women and children, old persons, and the spare time of the artisan himself. This garden product, the poultry, hares, and possibly the cows are great ad ditions to a low wage and they con duce to the intensity of culture that gives large returns per unit of land. Nor is the somewhat toilsome ex ample of the Belgian artisan-agricul turist a perfect guide to the Austra lian. But we can and ought to learn both from Japan and Belgium that a stage must come in the development of Australian land when closer ap plication of labour and implements, and more scientific system must supersede the somewhat care-free and far-flung methods we have em ployed so far. Sir T. H. .Middleton after his re cent study of European agricultural development, estimates that "The British farmer feeds from forty to fifty persons by the produce of 100 acres of soil, while the Herman farm er feeds seventy to seventy five per sons by the same area.'' Here is his comparison of British and Herman agricultural output for the five years which immediately preceded the war. The figures for Australia have been added:— A<: It IG U LT U R A1, O U T1' U T Per 100 acres of Land Cultivated U. C3 C 3 i B 55 s m ti -at Ions Ions tons 1(5 ?,:i 21 g 11 55 8 4 41 41 371 28 181 * 23 13 Foodstuffs tons Corn -'2 Potatoes 17 Meat 41 Milk 4S Sugar ? Hoots 187 Eggs, great hmid reds . . .. 105 * Negligible. These are very remarkable figures and the contrast is so great that even if a considerable margin of error were involved, the comparison would be very unfavorable to British and Australian agriculture. It is quite possible that tiiese more or less crude comparisons need to be sub jected to many considerations before, we accept them as a precise meas ure of the value of the work done by the farmers of the first three countries. All Governments endeavor in some way—generally by definite legisla tion—to force land into use. or at least to encourage its use. But not enough care has been taken in de termining the best possible uses for every kind of land. Thus we find orchards planted on unsuitable land, and cultivation of cereals in localit ies not at all suitable for tlieir pro duction. Even when the location is right and climate appropriate and the law-giver favors, say, an early va riety, the grower often defies the law j and in the end is beaten. | To take another instance we have areas scattered, perhaps, but idle and at present useless which, whether large or small, could nevertheless lie put to work growing timber. For this we have the assurance of the foresters, the men who know, and thus wo could satisfy our daily com mercial needs, and incidentally, no doubt, contribute to (he regulation of the climate, or at least sometimes knit the surface, and lastly beautify the landscape. European countries have been compelled to utilise their idle lands. France has afforested over 8.000.000 acres in the last century, (jerniany has added over l.uou.OOO acres in the last 50 years nad she lias hy the great er care of her lorests increased the production llnvefohl. Denmark has duo.ooo acres of afforested land and a further 75.000 acres in the process of afforestation. England is at pre sent engaged upon a planting of about 15.000 acres per annum. The Agricultural Tribunal of Investigation which commenced to function in Bri tain in 1323 found that the planting of a new forest provided employment for about 12 men per 100 acres dur ing the planting season and after wards for the care of the forest, felling, replanting and the mainten ance of roads, about one man per 100 acres. Germany employed .in J 380,000 foresters on about 34 million acres of forest. Governments and the press are making some progress in their ef forts to give direction to the ener gies of the people, but the driving force of ideas of organisation was never more needed than to-day. In the dairying section of agriculture, for example, it is still the exception rather than the rule, systematically to test the herds. Indeed, only a small percentage of cows in Austra lia liave ever been examined with a view to determining their value as butter-fat producers, and the "result is that the cow-slave is still with us, and cow-slavery is as uneconomic and unprofitable as all other kinds of slavery. Strange though it may seem, dairymen still work for many of their cows, instead of having the cows, as they easily might, work for them. The State Departments of Agricul ture have for years been striving to bring efficiency into this primary in dustry. In this State the experts de clare "There are herds (run in the open all the year round, as is the practice in Australia) which are known to have averaged 466 lbs. of butter fat per fully matured cow, and there are undoubtedly herds which produce no more than. 160 lbs." "Denmark certainly stands out as a dairying country, yet there is no knowledge, technical or otherwise, available to the Danish dairyman, that is not equally available to the dairyman in Australia." Here we have a cardinal example of that want of the application of science which I have deplored throughout this address. The tendency to-day for agricul tural products is towards lower price levels; but this does not necessarily entail lower wages, for the altern ative is increased efficiency. Only hy that means can we.maintain our pre sent standards. The farmer who fondly believes in the long continu ity of high prices is living in a fool's paradise. These considerations apply not only to the dairying industry, but to the whole field of industry: and we must realise—beter now than later that generally speaking one receives only what one earns, and it matters little whether one be employer or em ployee. Still more true is this of a nation, whose material reward is ex actly limited by the extent to which it utilises its land, capital and labor under up-to-date organisation. And now let me attempt to sum up Ibe position. Our progress, up to the present, has been evolutionary, and. on the whole, sound. We can visualise our industries as one vast whole--the farms, the mines, factor ies. railways, shipping, the banks, the warehouses, the shops—all part of a great organic system, working more or less in harmony, and regulated In line competitive principle, but other wise free. This delicate, complicated machine is like any other piece of mechanism—it functions normally only when all its parts are fulfilling their special purposes, and the lubri cating system is doing its duty. Ec onomic society Is becoming more complex every day. rendering impera tive the closest attention to the ser vice aspects of the system. The elasticity of man's want, says the economist, is infinite. Social evolu ntion might, in fact, be described in thos etenns. Thus, modern man is constantly increasing the strain upon the service side, and this means ever increasing efficiency of organisation and the loading up of the overhead cost of our civilised life. Finally, we must face all these problems together. The problems of the country are the problems of the individuals as a collective unity, and yet the only solution is an individual solution in the sense that each of us must find it for himself in the last analysis. If. then. Australia is destined, as we believe it is, to become a great industrial and commercial country, the exploitation of her wealth must he facilitated on lines that use the latest scientific knowledge, the most up-to- date mechanical equipment, and employ to their fullest capacity the magnificent physical and mental en dowment of our people. mnd prietid^, /Hugh! Office, VjlFortu the state of 