THE BUTTER INDUSTRY FACTORY MANAGERS IN CONFERENCE ' s YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS The annual conference of the nut ter Factory Managers' Association re sumed its sittings at the Mechanics' yesterday morning under the chair manship of the president (Mr C. E. Armstrong). All the delegates were iiresent. and there was also in attend- 1 ance Mr S. Hartman, manager of a mainland dairy machinery firm, and who takes a deep and practical in terest in the industry. The- major portion -of the morning was taken up by an address by Mr Hartman and a discussion thereon, and a review of the past season's ex port trade by Mr E. F. Ramskill (Chief Dairy Supervisor and acting Commonwealth Butter Grader). MR HARTMAN' S ADDRESS. 'We are all servants of the cow and its products in some branch or another,' said Mr Hartman. Dealing with the industry he stated that iu all-round improvement has taken place in the various phases of dairy ing. They still had a long way to so, however, in their endeavor to. get a production worthy of the milk given by Australian cows. Some day Aus tralian dairy products would com mand a high place because of their life-giving properties. The cow that lived an indoor life, as in Holland and Denmark, was not nearly so valuable in its product as the Australian cow, and that aspect was appealing to the public more and more each year, people were becoming more careful in what they ate, and particularly since the discovery of vitamines had atten tion heen . turned towards dairy pro ducts. Butter was extremely rich in vitamines, a fact which the people were beginning to realise. The indus try was of national importance to Aus tralia and to her immigration policy, but it had a long way yet to go. They Jiad to reach their object by merit on the part of the farmer, factory mana ger, salesman, and manufacturer of the necessary appliances. The mat ters of price, and dairying being made payable, gave rise to tlie several questions. There were no doubt faults at the selling end, but there were also faults here too. He had visited New Zealand recently and had endeavored to discover why their but ter brought more than the Australian. He found for one thing that there was mnm r-/-unnpraHnn hptwppn fhp farmer r and the factory manager. They had never Investigated the cause for pre ference in England for other butters, but 'the fact was that people could not afford, to use frozen butter any more than could the Australian people themselves. Perhaps it would be better if the butter were not worked so much in the manufacture, as when it arrived in England the blenders worked it again. Instead of getting 16 per cent, water they- were sending ID per cent. Standardisation was one thing necessary but there was no doubt' that the Australian ' butter ex ported'to England was worked too much? The human being all over the ?world -demanded tile best article so that it behoved Australia to have the quality so that the salesmen could use the selling points to advantage. He believed the industry would play a big part in -the advancement of the State as well as' the rest of the Common wealth. He would suggest the mak ers having their own factories in England for working the butter, mak ing it pliable and printing it after ar rival. - They should aim at sending a pure-. fat there' wThich would then be made up and retailed to the Eng lish people as Australian butter with « national' brand. They would then; ? be abtte to market a product superior to the Danish. He hoped they would be able to carry, that out in England as it seemed a very sound proposi tion. There was no doubt the qual ity had to be improved. It was often said that the Australian butter was very goodj but the differing standards of -the various factories were a draw back and under the present methods of exportation there were so many sources of contamination to be met with from the time the milk was taken from the cow until the butter was placed on the market. The man ufacturing errors were perhaps not sc *nany as on the farm. Mr. Hartman was heartily thanked by the president for his address. -Mr A. Conlon (Chief Deputy Ex pert)^ agreed that if they could get their butter to England without so much working being given it, the re sults would be very beneficial. It was I up to the Government to see that the! farmers if they were ignorant, were I to be taught and if they were unclean they should be punished. The De partment had not the staff to carry out as much work among the farmers as. they would like and consequently they had to rely very largely upon ^he managers who, he could say, were equal to those of the mainland. As Mr. Hartman had said they had to focus all their attention to the matter of merit. If they could get the out side individuals interested it would result in closer consideration from the Government. Mr A. S. Weatherhead thought that the only way the dairyman could get on his feet permanently was by merit. The expense, would hot be great but there was nothing to be gained by spoon feeding any industry. Gfirtson £aid that while dairy men made a practice of collecting cream once or perhaps twice weekly they could never hope to compete with Denmark. 