BUBAL TOPICS. Since the break in the weather the rain fall of 2in. which farmers considered was nccessary to make the season jsafe has been nearly realised, so that there ia every likelihood of another good year. The weeds have commenced to come away, and harrows and sheep are being used to keep them in check on the fallows. Feed has been short, but with some warm weather should now grow vigorously. Shearing is beginning in northern sheds, but operations will be much hindered by the broken weather. Ensilage-making is likely to be a little later this year. Country agents associated with the wool firm of Messrs. Dennys, Lascclles Ltd., Gcelong and Melbourne, were the guests of the board of directors at dinner at Scott's Hotel last week. The managing director (Mr. D. P. C. Wilson) and another direc tor fMr. V. F. Volum) welcomed the visitors, and Mr. Wilson said that the oc casion was unique in the history of the firm, vchich was 70 years old.. - Various toasts were honoured, and a musical pro gramme was provided. A large amount of damage was done by a severe storm, which passed over Kal goorlie on September 25. Several build ings were unroofed, verandahs were torn down, and plate glass windows were broken by flying wood and iron. A heavy fall of rain damaged stocks in several shops where the windows had been broken. A large galvanised iron tank was carried 50 yards and deposited on the roof of Han nan's Club. Fortunately the gale lasted I for only two or three minutes. There were no casualties, but people deeping out had narrow escapes from flying iron. The total damage is estimated at about £5,000. ' In the mandated territory of New I Guinea there are 258 plantations which for-: mcrly belonged to German nationals. Bome time ago the Federal Ministry decided that these plantations should be sold, and pre parations are now being made to adver tise the. first lot of 47 in Australia and Great Britain, and possibly . other coun tries. Detailed information,' showing the number of trees planted and in bearing, with the yield and the condition, has been prepared in regard to each plantation. Cata logues have been printed, and the offi cials of the Crown Law department are preparing draft regulations and conditions for the sale. In spite of the competition offered by the new William street electric trams from Melbourne to the show ground the rail ways traffic carried during the Bhow was a record, and considerably exceeded the traffic last year. The official figures issued recently show that 195,262 passengers were carried as compared with 188,393 pas-, sengers last year. Good progress was made in the removal of lire. stock from this show grounds, and by-ft o'clock on Satur day. morning more than 700 .animals had been removed in 312 trucks, a record num ber to be.removed m 6 period.of 13 hours. The arrangements were under the direct control of the general superintendent of transportation (Mr. M. J. Canny). During the show the public was invited to estimate the dressed weight of a bul lock which was displayed in a special pen beside the No. 2 cattle pavilion. The bul-1 lock was slaughtered at the abattoirs on Monday morning in the presence of the secretary of the Royal Agricultural Society (Mr. H. Schwiegcr), and its weight was found to be 1,10411b. When the guesses were examined, it was found that two com petitors, Messrs. H. McRae, of RoniBey, and H. W. 8. Mctherall, of Wattle Vulley road, East Camberwell, had given the cor rect weight. The first and second prize money will be divided by these competitors. One of the estimates was as high as 9,0161b., while the lowest was llGJlb. Officials of the Migration department do not look with favour on the British plan of training migrants in the United King dom. A proposal similar to that which is shortly to be put into operation by the Ministry of Labour was submitted to the Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce) and the Minister for Markets and Migration {Senator Wilson) when they were in London towards the end Of 1923. Mr. Bruce Bud Senator Wilson thentookthe view that tttconlypUce to farai& men for work on the laud in Australia was on farinB in the Commonwealth. They argued that to give men training for a period in Groat Britain would only increase the difficulties of the migrants when they found,,"^themselves on an Australian farm, with all its different methods and machinery. The annual sheep returns show that on April 30 the number of sheep in the Do minion was 24,547.955, sin increase of nearly 1,000,000 during the year. The number of sheepovmera increase^ from 23,423 to 24,148. Leading Danish farmers, dairymen, repre sentatives of export association's, and pri vate exporters assembled at ' Copenhagen on September 24 to discuss butter exports. Speakers Emphasised the fact that the heavy increase in British butter imports from the Dominions, coupled with "the systematic agitation organised in England for the enhanced marketing of Dominions' butter in the future," was going to inten sify the competition with Danish butter. A full meeting of delegates from com panies associated with the Western Dis trict Co-operative Produce and Insurance Co. Ltd. was held in Melbourne last week to discuss the details of the plan for standardising the manufacture of butter by. certain Western district factories and the marketing of the produce under a com mon brand. After discussion of the pro pdtols an executive committee was formed, comprising Messrs. 11. Burke (director of the Warrnambool butter factory, Allans ford), W. Watson (Colac), ~W. Huffer (Grasmere), J. Powell (Kyneton), and J. Proud (Camperdown). It is reported that hundreds of unique attractions are being prepared for the New Zealand and South Seas Exhibition, which is being arranged at Dunedin. The band of the Second Argyll and Suther land Highlanders, with a history going back to beyond Waterloo, is being engaged at a cost of £30,000 for the full term of the exhibition. There will be 15 acres of exhibits gathered from all over the world, and numerous championship sports meet ings. According to the announcements there will be "a thousand and one delights to explore in the amusement zone, which covers 25 acres." Annually a special prize is given by the AusJjralasian Jersey Herd Society (Vic torian branch) to the owner of the mo6t successful sire in the Jersey section. Three points arc awarded for a first prize, two for a second, and one for a third in all Jersey classes. For the champion bull and female three additional points are awarded/ and for tho reserve champions in each class there ore two additional points. The name of the winning sire for the year and the names of the owner and breeder are recorded on the permanent honour board of the branch of the society. The winning l bull this year was Goldfinder (imp.), owned by Mr. G, Birdsall, of New South Wales. Mr. H, A. Mullett, who was formerly Victorian chief inspector of agricul ture, has been appointed superin tendent of agriculture. This positioii has been vacant Bince the resigna tion of Dr. A. . E. V. Richardson last year. ' Mr. Mullett lias a thorough knowledge of all branches of agriculture, and he has done much to induce the wheat growers of the State to improve their acreage yields by adopting more scientific methods. Before he joined the department in 1913 he was a student in agriculture at the Melbourne University, where he gained the degree of bachelor of agricultural science. The keenest indignation was expressed by pastoralists and pastoral companies re cently at the action of the Federal com missioner for taxation (Mr. R. Ewing) in revising the departmental instructions of November, 1022, with regard to the taxa tion of Bawra shares. Mr. Ewing's new order brings sumB received by holders of Bawra shares above 20/ a share within the scope of income taxation. It is. pointed out that this is in direct contravention of Mr. Ewing's own previous assurance. It was stated last week that legal advice was now being obtained on the question of contesting the decision and protecting the 70,000 holders of shares affected from taxa tion, which was not contemplated when large purchases of chares were made on the Stock Exchange Butter importers and dealers anticipate the maintenance of the firmness of tlie mar ket and high priccs, for ? there will cer tainly be a serious shortage in the next two months. According to the."Grocer," the imports from Australia, New Zealand, and Canada during September, October, and November arc estimated at only 10,428 tons, which shows a deficiency of 9,373 tons compared with the corresponding months of 1924, and the actual arrivals appear likely to be even less than the esti mate. Great Britain's weekly consumption] is about 5,000 tons, and the difficulty is to eee where the butter is coming'from to fill these requirements during the next three rears. The «.«» tin only possible solution is to advance the. retail price, and thereby check consump tion. The chief cause of the present posi tion is, of course, the shipping strike. Kerrston, the first and champion prize winning Clydesdale stallion at the Boy*} Show, bus been sold through the agency of Adamson, Strettle, and Co. Pty. Ltd, on behalf of Mr. N. Ramsay, Newbridge, at a high -figure, to E. Carroll Pty. Ltd., Col Icndina Station, Corowa (NJ3.W.). The various methods of pickling wheat before planting to eradicate ball smut were illustrated by the: Agricultural super intendent (Mr. H. A. Mullett) when lee* luiing.on wheatgrowing. Special mention was made of the'new dry pickling process, and the lecture was held in the marquee at the fihowgroundu, which was crowded. The concluding stage of the health in spectators' conference was reached on Sep tember 26, when delegates inspected the model dairy fft-m at Cranbourne. The precautions adopted on the farm to keep milk free from dirt and dust, were of great interest to the inspectors, part of whose work is to ensure cleanliness in dairies. Last year there were 52 milk-recording societies in England and Wales, comprising 4,764 members and 6,210 herds, or over 138,000 cows. -No fewer than 204 cows gavo upwards of 15,0001b. milk, from October, 1923, to October, 1824. Of these 152 were Friesians and 38 were shorthorns. Twenty three cows passed the 20,0001b. mark, l£f being Friesians and five shorthorns. Sugar beet culture in England again shows a notable increase upon the last 12 months, some 54,470 acres being now under this crop, as compared with 22,400 acres last year. .The bulk of the crop is still raised in the, Eastern counties, but the West Midlands and some south-western areas arc raising appreciable acreages this year. During the week ended September 19 40,079 boxes of butter were exported from the Commonwealth, 33,707 going to' the United Kingdom and 6,772 to other ports. Victoria was the largest exporter, sending away 16,580 boxes. Queensland sent 15,628, New South Wales 5.391. and South Australia 2,480. During the Bame period 74 crates of checse were exported-42 from Queensland and 32 from New South Wales. Volume 47 of the "Clydesdale Stud Book," just to hand, contains the pedi grees of mares having produce previous to September 30, 1924, and stallions foaled be fore January 1, 1924. Illustrations are given of the winners of the two Cawdor Cups in 1924/ Craigie McQuaid (20,724), by Bonnie Bucjilyvie; and Craigie Ella, by Craigie Litigantf It is noticeable that no fewer tliatf 20 foals by Flashdale are entered l'fa this volume, and five by The Intent. _ . .. There recently died at Ecclefechan, Scot land, a wopderful old Ayrshire cow, Dal fibble Mag2nd, aged 24 yearB and three months. Tins cpw was bred by the late John Mackie, Dalfibble, Dumfries. Her milk records from the time milk recording was commenced at Dalfibble in 1911 till her death were:-1911, 8,6101b.; 1912, 11,0401b.; 1913, 10,3001b.; 1914, 9,5001b.; 1915, 9,3101b.; 1916, 8,7301b.; 1917, 12,2301b.; 1919; 8,9301b.; 1920, 11,4101b.; 1921,7,350lb.; 1922, 10,9901b.; 1923, 10,7901b:; and 1924, 7.410lb. Special prices were recorded.at Fleming ton last weelc, when the supply of fat bul lockp proved short of requirements. Com parative averages of representative drafts frequently showed an advance of from £2 to £3. In best pens of-bullocks the im provement was exceptionally pronounced. With spirited competition, several - pens sold from £25 to £28/17/6, whereas in last week's market similar prime consignments from £19 to £24. The prize takers ex hibited at the Royal Show realised up to £43/10/. The migration conference held at Wel lington (N.Z.), lost week has concluded. It dccided that an organisation, to be called the Dominion Settlement As sociation, be formed immediately. An interim committee was appointed,with Sir Andrew. Russell as chairman. It was de cided to recommend the Ministry to ap point a Dominion immigration board of five members, representative of the primary producers, secondary industries, commerce, social, and welfare organisations, with "the Minister for Migration as a member. The plan has been approved by the Ministry. An attendance of 23,227 people was pre sent for Hie last day of the Royal Show .The railways carried 15,719, and 12,508 passed through the turnstileB. The total was an increase of 5,306 on the final Saturday of last year, when the attendance was 22,921, but was below the record for the day, which stands at 32,000. Examination of the attendances .throughout this Show shows that the aggregate of 318,457 easily year, and 18,382 greater than the ptieyijrii record u£gregate of 300,075, establie^ed ;^ 1923\. And the Show lias never been more smoothly. A telegram from New Zealand repor that Mr. L. M. Dugdate has purchased ! 250 guineas a yearling shorthorn bull, - Park Duke 2nd, winner* at the New land Royal Show. King Faisal, of Iraq, visited the' lit trafian pavilion at Wembley recently, witnessed for the first time eheep-ahearii by machinery. Speaking in French, Faisal said that he wondered'whether t process could be adapted to goats in Iraq,' The first prize "ram lamb at the offic Suffolk sheep sales (England), was Bold 300 guineas by Mr. H. E. Smith to 3$e Eagle Bros. Five rams, which, with first-mentioned one, occupied a pep ' took second prize, averaged £135 The best pen of fire lambs averaged £ra| 13/. At* the meeting of £he Dairy Prodn Export Control Board on September 23, J 0\. G, Norton, of Tasmania, was appoL a member of the London agency of., board. Mr. King, of Melbourne, was cently appointed to the agency which to comprise three members. The Gove ment nominee has yet-to be selected Although unfavourable weather cos ditions were experienced at sowing : in Great Britain, the area planted to wl there this season was only 46,000 less than in 1924, the total being 1,499,0 acres. This acreage, however, was lowest sinoa 1904. There was little change?! in the area sown to barley, the aggregate^ at 1,319,000 acres being 5,000 acres'matef than for 1924. Yields of the cereal cropaf in the United Kingdom this season .pr®^ mised to be below those of last the production of wheat being forecast ! 25,715,OOOcwt., against 27,260,000cwt.j barig| ley at 18,525,OOOcwt., against 20,280.000cwt.Y and oats at 25,076,OOOcwt. againBi! 29,980;000cwt. In speaking of his observations durinjgi the trip at the lecture marquee at thfif showgrounds last week, Mr. Lance LSI Souef, who has recently returned -^romi! Central Australia, said that lie wished to dispel ? the' popular conceptionof "Cental' Australia"- as a desert, "which -was largely gathered from textbooks at'schobl; In all his trips in - Australia"1 he had" never seen - country -which 'gave ? inore promise * than Central Australia.'^Th'e land was ideal for sheep-raising, provided that the dingo and rabbit pests were 'effectively combated. When it was considered' that "Central Australia", constituted about 75 per cent.^ of the continent its value would be realised, as there were millions of acres of excellent? sheep country available. -k Hie-first.forecast of the Indian cottons crop, for 1925-20 places the area planted at J 16,?204,000 acres, compared with 12,74liOM7 acres, the revised figure at the correspond^ ing period last year.- Sowings*were car ried out under favourable conditions, «dd>< crop prospects on August 20 on the whola were good. The first forecast ofthe sugar cane crop of India, issued at the same date, gave the area planted to cane at 2,542,000 acres, against 2,561,000 acrcs for the pre vious year. The crop outlook-wasreported to be good, According to information fur nished by the secretary to the,Stigar Bureau, at Tusa, the world's production of sugar for 1024-25, both cane and beet, was esti mated at 23,116,000 tons, compared with an actual output of 19,746,000 tons in the preceding 12 months. Official reports of the cereal crops itt Argentina issued in July show that 'th® area sown to wheat promised to exceed tint of last year by 4.4 per .cent.,' that ojt oata an increase of 7.4 per cent;, of barleyl.pec cent., and rye 9 per cent. . Practically the whole of the area devoted to wheats had been sown, andthe increased area was attributed to the active propaganda con ducted by the Minister for Agriculture with that object in view. The report of the Department of Rural Economy and Sta tistics states that the methods of preparing the soil and of sowing seed in the Argentine had undergone considerable improvement, and wheatgrowers. had become more alive to the need for thorough methods and a judicious selection of seed. The area planted to linseed this season shows a de crease of 9 per cent., due to a number of causes," which the department promised to analyse. Sowing was delayed by the heavy frosts that occurred in June, while subsequently the wort was interfered with by rains. The early sown linseed crops were good in condition. Subsequent re ports of the crop generally indicated that a larger yield an acre would be garnered this season than for 1924. Stocks of lin seed at Argentine ports in August were heavy, but offers to sell were not readily made. Sellers adopted a firm attitude, in [ the belief that Europe had still to make ex-" tensive purchases, and that the United States would need guppUar-at a nafct 