A GOVERNMENT PROCLAMATION. Melbourne.— A proclamation by the Governor-General appealing over the signature of the Minister for Home and Territories ' (Senator Pearce), was issued on August 24 by the Fede ral Executive in terms of the deportation provisions of the Immigration Act passed uy ramament last montn. it proclaims henceforth a state of serious industrial disturbance 'prejudicing or threatening the peace, order, or good government of the Commonwealth,' and its issue is the first step prescribed for putting into force the protective provisions of the Immigration Act against industrial wreckers not bora in Australia, who set themselves out tu paralyse .trade and industry. The language of the proclamation is merely formal and brief. It states that the Governor-General acting with the advice of the Federal Executive Council is of opinion that there exists in Australia a serious industrial disturbance such as fc- justify ?- iito #rodamtion. No indl Tiduala are designated. - - Federal C«urt UMannlnMI. Preceding, the issue of the proclamation Federal Cabinet Ministers at their meeting on Monday, gave imme diate consideration to the latest exhibition of the tactics of - Messrs. Walsh, Johnson, and other Communist leaders of the Seamen's Union, The posi tion was viewed as one of the utmost gravity, and although Australian seamen were not implicated it was decided that in view of the appeals by the leader of the British Seamen's Union and overseas ship owners, as well as the serious damage to Australian interests threatened by the con tinuation of the strike, strong action was called for. It was decided accordingly that the circumstances of the present trouble, involving gratuitous interference with the affairs of the British Seamen's Union by leaders of the Australian ?union, warranted the preliminary step prescribed in the recently passed Immigration Act. Tho Prime Minister and several of his col leagues thereupon went to the Federal Government House, where an Executive Council was held, and formal approval to the terms and issue of proclama tion was given. Events Jn the imme diate future will determine the Govern ment's course of action. Having acquired the protective powers of the Immigration Act, the Government are prepared to avail themselves to the fullest extent o£ its provisions. From influential quarters the Government have been urged strongly to protect British seamen against intimida tion in the performance of their duties, and to take cwift and drastic action against extremist leaders who have gone out of their way to manufacture the present ?hike. An Appeal to Mr. Bruce. The Prime Minister made available ft. copy of the following letter which had been addressed to him by the chair man of the Overseas Shipping Represen tatives' Association in Melbourne: — 'It is ?within your knowledge that the crews of the British steamers now on the Australian coast have been instigated to break their articles of service by the extremist leaders of the Australian Seamen's Union. The decision wag made at a meeting in Sydney on the 20th instant under the leadership of Mr. Walsh (president of the Australian Seamen's Union) and Mr. Johnson, at which were present the crews of steamers on British articles in Sydney, and members of the Sydney branch of the Seamen's Union, when the following was passed:— *We refuse to do any more work until we are guaranteed that there shall be no re duction of the rate we signed on at in Eng land. A guarantee must be given through the Federated Seamen's Union of Aus tralia, also a guarantee must be given that = there ; shall no'- log ;ing of men for refusing duty.' It was decided further, at this meeting that officers of the Australian Seamen's Union were to take control of this matter 'at all costs. Owners of British lines have, we are informed, already cabled you. fully on this subject, and given you details of the reduction in seamen's wages, which is alleged to be the cause of the present trouble. It is unnecessary for us to point out to you the gravity of the situation, not only in so far as the shipowners are concerned, but also from the point of view of the economic disaster to the whole com munity, threatening as it does every branch of commerce and industry in Australia. Wool sales inevitably will be stopped. All shipments of butter for which the sea son is just commencing, lamb and beef will be held tip at tremendous inconveni ence, and loss to the producing interests. Our owners in England have cabled us to make representations to your Government to ensure security for the men carrying out their articles, by affording protection to them against intimidation, and by tak ing drastic action against those who are encouraging them to break such contracts. We would urge upon you the importance of taking such action as is indicated by our owners and taking it forthwith,' British Vessels in Sydney. The overseas steamers at present in Syd ney are the Aeneas, 10,058 tons; Aorangi, 17,491 tons; Autolycus, 7,718 tons; Bel tan a, 11,167 tons; Banffshire, 6,485 tons; Cana dian Trooper, 3,180 tons; Chitral, 15,248 tons; City of Birmingham, 8,182 tons; .City of Vancouver, 5,697 tons; Orama, 19,777 tons; Otftra, 7,995 tons; Port Darwin, 8,170 tons; Port Denison, 8,191 tons; Surrey, 8,564 tons; Tairoa, 7,983 tons; and Themis tocles, 11,231 tons. These are all British ships. The foreign vessels include the Aki Marti (Japanese), Almek (Dutch), Bessa and Gisla (Norwegian), Parana (Danish), Sierra (American). The Taiyuan is also in port, but is unaffected by the trouble. The Australian Union's Position. The position of the Australian Seamen's Union in relation to the present oversea seamen's trouble was defined by Mi1. W. Hussack (secretary of the New castle branch of the union). He said the telegram alleged to have been received by Mr. Walsh from Mr. Haveloek Wil son (president of the British Seamen's Union) was not correct. In 1912 when Mr. Wilson was the guest of the Com monwealth seamen, he openly expounded on the public platforms that at all times while seamen from the Old Land were in Australia, they should be under the_ pro tection of the Seamen's Union if an industrial .upheaval should eccur. His reasons were that it would be considerably easier to communicate with - -officials rather than with every individual ship. As long as letters or cablegrams were the authority for certain actions that would be sufficient for the rank and- file to act. It was all moonshine for Mr. Wilson to nay that the seamen were noti fied of the reduction in wages, as seamen on the ships have no chance of being notified, nor have they any say in the matter, except to take the reductions aid down by Mr. Wilson or the Maritime Board. As regards transfers they had at all times in Australia transferred British seamen into unions without reservation until Mr. Wilson took up the position, when wages were higher than in Austra lia in war time, of refusing Australian members permission to join their unions. A cable was recently received from Mr. Wilson asking to transfer his members to the Australian Seamen's Union. Mr. Walsh was not able to give a decision but the committee decided, to do so. They were transferred and ' Mr. Wilson -was informed of the committee's decision. Mr. Wilson asked for the transfer, not Mr. Walsh. With all due respect to Mr. Wil son and his union, the Australian seamen's executive, as unionists having been /affi- liated with the national seamen for years, could not turn them down in their hour of need. The reduction of £1 a month was not warranted, and should not be taken from those men until they returned to Great Britain and had an opportunity to say whether they would accept or re ject the reduction. These were the rea sons why they had decided to stand by the seamen and fight the issue. None of Our Business. Melbourne. — The Prime Minister has made available the cables received from all the British lines trading to Australia, and from the pre sident and executive ot the Seamen's Union of Great Britain and Ireland. Commenting on the cables, Mr. Bruce said the position which had arisen was one of the utmost seriousness and fully justifiod the protests which had been made. It was essential that people in Australia, anil particularly trade unionists, should recog nise how the present trouble had arisen, and 'what were the issues involved in the dispute. The wages and conditions oi seamen and others engaged on British ships were determined by the National Maritime Board, constituted for determining those matters, and the interests of the men were represented before that body by the Sea men's Union of Great Britain and Ireland. The amended scale of wages, to which ex ception was being taken, and which had caused the present refusal to man the sliips, was agreed to on July 3 last, and had been confirmed by the executive coun cil of the Seamen's Union, and bv the annual general meeting, which represented sailors, firemen, cooks, and stewards, and embraced the whole of the branches of Great Britain, numbering 72. It was also approved by the Ships' Officers' Union, and representatives of the Amalgamated En gineering Union, and Shipwrights' and Joilermakei'B' Union. Notwithstanding that the present arrangement had been agreed to by a)l the responsible organised bodies, representing the men, who were now striking, the extremist leaders of the Australian Seamen's Union, Messrs. Walsh and Johnson, had induced those men to defy their leaders, and hold up the British ships trading to Australian ports. No more fatal blow could be aimed at the legitimate trades union movement than this attempt to undermine the authority of the properly appointed leaders of the union by extre mists of the type of Messrs. Walsh and Johnson. He would urge the British sea men involved in the present trouble not to allow themselves to be made the tools of the extremist leaders of this country, who would only lure them to their undoing, and would be powerless to assist them or their wives and children when they were faced with the inevitable disaster which must follow. He would remind them of the results which had flowed to them under their own trusted leaders, which had ensured for them 'a continuous period of employment for the last ten years, and peace in their industry. He would ask them to compare those conditions with' what had happened to the Australian seamen under the extremist leadership ttey had had, with their constant strikes, un employment, and industrial turmoil. He would urge the British seimen not to be misled by the specious promises of Mes-srs. Walsh and Johnson, and to recognise thnt they had no power to alter conditions pre railing in a great industry like the British mercantile marine. All that they eouM accomplish if the seamen followed thiiir guidance was to force the owners to tie up the British ships, and prosecute the men, with the result that the seamen would be stranded thousands of miles from their homes, and those who proffered such insane counsels would be powerless to help them vvrth their wives or their children. An Appeal to Union Leaders. 'To Australian unionists, and in par ticular their leaders,' Mr. Bruce continued, 'I would appeal for recognition of ths great obligation which, rests on theic shoulders to defeat the insidious attack which the extremists are now making upou the most sacred principles of unionism. In the past trades unionism has suffered much at the hands of Messrs. Walsh and John son, who have, however, always sheltered themselves behind the men, churning that their efforts were expended on behalf of labor and against capital. Whatever may have been the merits or demerits of such claims in the pssS that excuse will not suffice now. This is a fight, not betweeq capital and labor, but between leaders oi the Seamen's and allied unions of Great Britain, and the men who have been mis led by Messrs. Walsh and Johnson. Surely properly constituted trades - unionism in Australia will in their general interest of the whole movement condemn such action and use its weight and authority to defeat tho tac tics of the extremists, 'who have now clearly shown that their desire is to de stroy the movement. It is for the leaders of trade unionism to discipline their own members, and the whole country will watch with interest in the hope that they will carry out their obvious duty. If they do not the Government will tal every step in their power to prevent the results which must inevitably follow from the action of 'these men in bringing dis aster upon the whole community. Noth ing niore serious could happen to the people of Australia than the holding up of overseas shipping. Apart from the immense damage to Australian prestige abroad by the perpetuation of the slander that this is a country of continuous in dustrial turmoil, we fire literally dependent f o.r the carrying on of pur whole . com merce and industry upon the regular ex port of our surplus production. If this were prevented or seriously retarded, par ticularly in regard -to our perishable pri mary products, a most serious position would ensue. Not one industry in the country could hope to escape the effects, and not one union but would have its quota of unemployed, with consequent suf fering and misery. That legitimate trade unionists should be brought to such a con dition because of the insane counsel of a few extremists on a question which_ gives no legitimate reason for dispute is un thinkable, and Australia will look to its ri^ht-minded unionists to counteract the effect oi the pernicious advice which tsese men have given.' What the Cables Asked. The text of rthe cables dated, London, August 21, which have bSen received by Mr. Bruce, is as follows:— The first is from the shipping lines 3nd readB*. 'The following is from, ^.ll Hie British lines trading to Australia to which we invite your earnest attention. All the British lines are threatened with a strike of the crews, and some have already struck. We wish to inform you that wages have been fixed in England through the National Mari time Board, consisting of shipowners and all the unions connected; with the comple ment of crews in the customary manner, and accepted throughout England. All the articles provide for the acceptance of increases or reductions, and the present British crews all over the world are under these conditions. An increase came into operation last year, and the crews then at sea had the benefit of this. We under stand that the men are being instigated to- refuse duty by the extremist leaders of the Australian Seamen's Union unless wages are increased to the previous level. We would respectfully urge you to take steps to prevent illegal persuasion and intimidation, and generally to enable the men to carry out their contract.' The second cable reads:— 'The presi dent and executive officers of the Sea men's Union of Great Britain and Ire land desire you to know that the National Maritime Board of this country ie the constitutional channel through which wages and conditions of British seamen are regulated. The wages agreed to on July 3 were confirmed by the exe cutive council of the Seamen's Union on July 21, and by the annual general meeting, which represented sailors, fire men, cooks, and stewards, being the whole oi the branches of Great Britain, number ing 72. Our settlement was approved of by the Ships' Officers' Union, representa tives of the Amalgamated Engineering Union, and representatives of the Ship wright and Boilermakers' Union. We re pudiate the action of Walsh and any of liis colleagues interfering with the affairs of the seamen of English- « owned vessels. Since the settlement over 50,000 of our men have signed the new contract without a word of protest. The only difficulty we have had is with Red agitators, and a miserable uumberof non-unionists, who would like to get union men ^^^^S^^SS^BS^r. BXjF take them. It is imDpssjbJe. f or to to believe' -€liS^fiMf^3.nmi'm -fAuftralia ' will jdta ?-aoontaftanfent1';Jo;iioiiJia4oniite. The obfeeia^f thp ifedb ?** cefiMtoder stand. We fceg iyour^Goiwmmeia yiu give ful} protection ana support to everjf mem ber of our seamen's union in carrying out his -contract, and restrain ^ -Walsh ^and others from interfering; Tbis-w.pvcment is a menace, aid highly prejudical to. the 8yBtcm of collective bargaining, and the full recognition of our union. These are the principles for which we UaveBtruggled for forty years.- It constitutes an act treachery to the whole trades union move ment— (Signed) J. Havelock Wilson, president; Edmund Cathery, general sec retary; J. Hinston, assistant general secre tary; and J. Chambers, 'general trea surer.' 