—— ? 1 -t)1 ?? i I. n 1 1 .1, I, HOMAN ID MATERIAL SOME THOUGHTS UPON THEIR MUTUAL RELATIONS (By STIRLING TAYLOR) At the annual conference of Patent At torneys of Australia, held at Melbourne on February 27, Mr. Stirling Taylor delivered an address on ''Australia's Resources — Human and Material — Some Thoughts upon their mutual Relations. '' The text of the address was as follows: — Australia, is fortunate in the possession of such material resources, both in their ? range and abundance, as are generally con v sidered to be essential to the safety of a nation, and necessary if it is to develop a high standard of civilised life, and an honored status amongst the nations, as well as to attain any considerable degree ol! self-sufficiency. In these respects, however. Australia is not singular, for other countries, notably Russia and China, possess resqurces that are possibly even greater, than ours. But iiecessar;*7 though these basic resources are before any country can become great or prosperous, their possession does not au tomatically eDSure these results. Other wise, the countries named would probably be prominent above all others, and the les fcer territories of England, Germany, Ja pan, Italy and otbxsrs, 'admittedly great na tions, would be of little account. Essential though they are. purely ma terial resources are of little worth unless tbe people who control them bring to bear upon them qualities of high intelligence and keen enterprise. And so we must place first amongst the many resources of this country the people themselves. Nor is this statement the mere truism '*hieh at first sight it may appear. Land, labor, capital and organisation are the four factors of production, the ,^'eat pil lars that uphold our system of civilisation. and the greatest of these is organisation. Tt is the brain of the organic order of mo dern society. And just as the human brain developed latest in physical evolution,^ dif ferentiating man from the lower animals by his capacity for thought, so organisa tion is the soul of social evolution, spelling the difference between savagery and civil ised life. To pursue the analogy one step further, ftust as man has practically completed his purely physical development, and expands his personality by the improvement of his tools, so in his social life he is ever .seeking progress through improvements in organ isation. As mere factors of production, land, la ,-M bor and capital are practically static: in ▼ (he main all we can do with them we are already doing or know how to do. But the capacity of man to progress in the ap plication of his brain to further systema tisation and exploitation of the earth's re sources is virtually as nearly limitless as the resources themselves. The 6,000,000 Australians who constitute this yoimg nation are, therefore, its great est asset in actual wealth -making capacity, btit far more so in their potentiality for further wealth-production through better organisation. And that means improve ment of the individual type, through edu «ation and good conditions, and improve ment of the national system of wealth -get- tins: and utilisation. How high the quality of intelligence of «nr people is strikingly shewn in a table quoted in the Melbourne 'Argus' for Feb ruary 7, 1925, in an article bv ??. G. Falk. Jn the psychological tests there summarised the immigrants to the United States of purely British stock come out far ahead, in intelligence and efficiency, of those of other nations. Australians naturally do Juot appear in such an immigration table, but we may fairly deduce that they would occupy at Least as high a place as natives of England or Scotland, since tney are the most thorough blending of these stocks— in an almost perfect environment — to be found inthe whole world. It needs little imagination to conjecture the possibilities ahead o£ this young Commonwealth, with such a handsome start in the two great factors of heredity and environment — an almost untainted stock of high intelli gence, an entire]jfavorable climate, and a bounteous supply of natural wealth. According to Mr. Wickens, Common wealth Statistician, our population of less than six million people represents a capital ?value in the nation's books of £12,500, |000,000. They are assessed upon tbeir pro ductive capacity individually at over £2,160. 'We derive much satisfaction from that statement. It certainly does look well alongside the estimates made of the econ omic value of other nationals. But is it, ?when our rare circumstances, the felicity -of onr land and climate, are taken in con sideration, a ground for genuine satisfac tion? I venture to say it is not. I sug gest that the degree of utilisation of the man-power of this country — high as it may be by comparison with many other coun tries — is still lower than it should be. In ©ur circumstances, 6.000,000 Australians should have a higher productive value than that indicated.^ It would appear that an tmdue proportion of them make no econ omic contribution to the life of the na tion, that their energies are more or less vasted; they are not pulling their weight, ;ts-hile others are possibly overburdened. One may quote, not invidiously, the fact 1hat probably well over 10,000 persons are directly and fully employed in connection jrith horse-racing in Australia — not count ing the trades that serve the occupation partially or the multitude of hangers-on. If a. survey of all the non-economic occupa tions of the Coraonwealth were made, and a list of non-productive persona were compil ed, the result would certainlv prove start ling. But even having regard solely to the pro ducers — and in that eatejrorv must be in-, eluded all who_ contribute to the well-being of: tke community — the position leaves much to be desired. If we called upon science for the aid readily available, and used the intelligence we undoubtedly possess, if we (entered upon an overhaul of every depart ment of our activities, I feel sure that there ?wonld be a different tale to tell. The grow ing complaxity of modern economic soci ety will uf^imately force upon us this ^wholesale implication of our natural abun dance. TU) splendid age of the rugged pioneer is over, and we have entered *j' upon a new phase of our national develop ment, that of well-planned and systematic 'discovery and exploitation of new means of increasing the national production. We have Trailt up a nation of magnificent physique end keen mentality in a few generations out of Nature's rich endowment but just as «verj extra sea mile demands an everin areasing percentage of coal- consumption, so the additional rises in the standard of living to which our people still properly Aspire can only be gained by the expendi ture of scientific knowledge upon our rich ffesonrees. We have deliberately cho Jisn to be a nation of high av terage comfort- and the priee of the {maintenance of that progressive tefcandard is high average efficiency. Of all the natural resources necessary ?for man's welfare the agricultural and mineral come first in order of importance. Obviously, I eannot here deal with either ?^ fet any length, and propose only — and that n merely in passing — to inquire into the de f (free of utilisation of out great agricultur al wealth. I will thus endeavor to srive fjra«tica! cogency to the more theoretical srsnrmentB I have used so far. Tbe qnestiori we must obviously face is, ''Are we utilising: our lands to the fullest ?possible extent V- ^ The answer must be an emphatic -fNo. '? If we look _ round 'Spon other countries whose full utilisation j *f their agricultural resources is a ne cessity of their existence, we find a very different situation. In Japan we have, perhaps, the best example of a country approaching the full development of its resources. With meagre mineral wealth, rugged topography, a small proportion of arable land, and a population of about 2,000 per square mile of tilled land — about three persons per acre, this country, until the recent sudden shift to commerce, sup ported itself almost entirely by agriculture with an average area of about three acres per farm family. Upon this slim resource, the nation has maintained its physical and intellectual vigor and a high civilisation; but to do so they entered almost exclu sively upon the ultimate stage of agricul ture, namely, the garden stage of hand labor and the non-meat diet. But the experience of Japan is not for Australia's copying. Such extreme ex ploitation is impelled by the needs ^ of teeming population, and is accompanied by lower standards of living, and general social conditions that are not to be dreamt of for a moment in regard to our own country. We must therefore, pursue, in stead, that degree of development, that in tensity of utilisation which is open to us without any sacrifice of reasonable stand ards. Belgium is said to be ahead of any other western nation in the utilisation ox. her resources. Her factory workers live upon the land to a degree unknown else where. With his plot of ground there is room for production by the aid of women and children, old persons, and the spare time of tbe artisan himself. This garden product, the poultry, horses, and possibly the cows are great additions to a low wage and they conduce to the intensity oj. culture thai gives large return per unit of land. Nor is the somewhat toilsome example of the Belgian artisan-agriculturist a per- , feet guide to the Australian. But we can | and ought to learn both from Japan and1 Belgium that a stage must come in the development of Australian land_ when clos er application of labor and implements, and more scientific system must super- ; sede the somewhat care-free and far-flung j methods we have employed so far. Sir T. H. Middlcton after his recent study of European agricultural develop ment, estimates that 'The British farmer feeds from forty to fifty persons by the produce of 100 acres of soil, while the German farmer feeds seventy to seventy five persons by the same area.1' Here is his comparison of British and German agricultural output for the five years which immediately preceded the war. The figures for' Australia have been added: — AGRICULTURAL OUTPUT. Per 100 Acres of Land Cultiraied. f i j ! I ' I i s l i £ 0. M O .'- 1922, tons. tons. tons. tons. Corn .. ... .'. 32 16 33 211-3 Potatoes .... 17 11 55 2 Meat ? 4J 4 U Ji Milk .. '.. .. 46 174 28. 184 Sugar .... I Negligible 2£ If Roots ? 187 Eggs, great hundreds 105 These are very remarkable figures, and the eontrast is so great that even if a con siderable margin of error -were involved, the comparison would be very unfavorable to British and Australian agriculture, It is quite possible that these mor© or less crude comparisons need to ba sub jected to many considerations before we accept them as a precise measure of the value of the work done by the f arasers of the first three countries. , . „ As is well known, all agrarian societies pass through the earlier stage of 'exten- sive' cultivation to ' intensive,' with the progressive growth and concentration of population. In only a small measure and in limited areas has Australia reached the intensive phase. But what we eaU 'closer settlement'' is an indication of our growing needs. Closer settlement m Australia, however, is more than response to economic necessity ; it is in certain loea lities a much needed corrective to over large and scattered holdings. In every new country settlers hold far more iand than they can profitably use, and as the country fills up, the shrinking of the in dividual holding naturally follows. We have all witnessed that change proceeding in this country. This is generally a healthy process, yet sometimes the subdivi sion becomes too severe, and even in Aus tralia examples of this are not unknown. Such holdings, too small to support the cul tivator, are inevitably merged into an other holding. The extreme example ot this re-active process is France, where the Code Napoleon enforces family subdivision so far that inheritors of the smallest plots are forced to sell and depart elsewhere. All Governments endeavor in. some v?ay ? generally by definite legislation — to force land into use, or at least to encour age its use. But not enough care has been taken in determining the best pos sible uses for every kind of land. Thus we find orchards planted on unsuitable land, and cultivation of cereals in locali ties not at all suitable for their Produc tion. Even when the location is right and climate appropriate and the law-giver favors, say, an early variety, the grower often defies the law, and in the end *s beaten. To take another instance we have ar^as scattered, perhaps, but idle, and at pre sent useless which, whether large or small, could nevertheless be put to work grow ing timber. For this we have the assur ance of the foresters, the men who kno^r, and thus we could satisfy our daily com mercial needs, and incidentally, bo doubt, contribute to the regulation of the climate, or at least sometimes knit the surface, and lastly beautify the landscape European countries have been compelled to utilise their idle lands. France has af forested over 3,000,000 acres in the last cen tury. Germany has added over 1,000,000 acres in the last 50 years, and she has by, the greater care of her forests increased the production threefold. Denmark has 600,000 acres of afforested land and a further 75, 000 acres in the process of afforestation. England is at present engaged upon a planting of about 15,000 acres per amnn. The Agricultural Tribunal of Investigation which commenced to function in Britain in 1923 found that the planting of a new forest provided employment for about 12 men per 100 acres during the planting sea san and afterwards for the care of the for est, felling, replanting and the mainten ance of roads, about one man per 100 acres. Germany employed in 1907 380,000 forest ers on about 34,000,000 acres of forest. Governments and the Press are making some progress in their efforts to give di rection to the energies of the people, but the driving force of ideas of organisation was never more needed than to- day. In the dairying section of agriculture, for ex ample, it is still the exception, rather than the rule, systematically to test the herds. Indeed, only a small percentage of cows in Australia have been examined with a view to determining their value as butter fat producers, and the result is that the cow-slave is stiH with us, and cow-slavery is as uneconomic and unprofitable as all other kinds of slavery. Strange though it may seem, dairymen still work for many of their cows, instead of having the cows, as they easily might, work for them. The State Deaprtments of Agriculture have for years been striving to bring effiei ence into this primary industry. In this State the experts declare: 'There are herds (run in the open all the year round, as is the practice in Australia) which are known to have averaged 4661b. of butter-fat per fully matured cow, and there are undoubt edly herds which produce no more than 1601b.' 'Denmai'k certainly stands out as a dairying country, yet there is no know ledge, technical or otherwise, available to the Danish dairyman, that is, not equally available to the dairymen in Australia,' Here we have a cardinal example of that want of the application of science which I have deplored throughout this address. The tendency to-day for agricultural pro ducts is towards lower price levels, bu4 this does not necessarily entail lower wages, for the alternative is increased efficiency. Only by that means can we maintain our present standards. The farmer who fond ly believes in the long continuity of high prices is living in a fool's paradise. The only hope for the future is in reduced costs of production through higher efficiency, and thus a fair maintenace of the profit level. These considerations apply not only to the dairying industry, but to the whole 'field of industry, and we must realise^ — better nowthan later — that generally speaking one receives only what one earns, and it mat ters little whether one be employer or em ploye. Still, more true is this of a nation, whose material reward is exactly limited bv the_ extent^ to which it utilises its land, capital, asm. labor under up-to-date organis ation. And now let me attempt to sum irp the position. Our progress up to the present has been evolutionary, and, on the whole, sound. We can visualise our industries as one vasi whole — the farms, the mines, factories, railways, shipping, the banks, the ware houses, the shops — all part of a great or ganic system, working more or less in har mony and regulated by the competitive principle, but otherwise free. This deli cate, complicated machine is like any other pieee of mechanism — it functions normally only when all its parts are fulfilling their special purpose, and the lubricating system is doing its duty. Economic society is becoming more complex every day. render ing imperative the closest attention to 'the service aspects of the system. The elas ticity of man's wants, says the economist, js infinite. Social evolution 'might, in fact, be described in those terms. Tnus, modern man is constantly increasing the strain upon the service side, and this means ever mcr^smg efficiency of organisation and the loadfcg up of the overhead eost of our civil ised life. ! Finally, we must face all these problems together. The problems of the country are the problems of the individuals as a collective unity, and yet the orAy solution j is an individual solution in the sense that j each of us must find it for himself in the last analysis. It is a cure that is needed —not a sedative; not easy talk about the limitless resources of this country, but hard thinking and keen application.' And this means co-operation on the part of all of ns to produee the best results. If, then, Australia, is destined, as we be lieve it is, to become a great industrial and commercial country, the erploitation of her wealth must be facilitated on lines that use the latest scientific knowledge, the most up to-date mechanical equipment, and employ to their fullest capacity the magnificent physical and mental endowment 'of our people. 