Romance Of Australian Goidfields Rash. One of the greŁtsst romances of emigration and fortune is revealed by the will of Mrs. Millicent Emily Salting, a rich Mayfair widow, w6o bas left rearly £2,000,000 (s^ys the London "Sunday News"). The foundation of this great wealth were laid by a poor Danish emigrant who went out to Austraiia 50 years ago. In no less romantic fashion the bulk of the fortune has passed, under two wills, to the old Scottish family of the Earl of Haddington. The present eari inherits about £1,000,000 uuderthe latest will. Friendless, and with little money, a young Dane went out to Australia in 1835—before the great gold rush—"to seek his fortune." How he found it and became a millionaire—first as sheipfarmer, then as merchant, and by taking advantage of the opening and development of the goldfieids—is recalled by the death of Mrs. Millicent Emily Saiing, his daughter-in-law, whose will reveals an enormous estate of nearly £2,000,000. ł Ortune Doubled- Mrs. Salting lived in a spacious mansion in Berkeley square, a house famous for i*s art treasures. But since the death of her hus band she has retired almost com pletely from social life, to live in a manner little suggestive of her vast wealth. When it was made known that the £991,324 left to her 19 years ago by her husband, Mr. Will ; aro Severin Salting, son of the poor Danish emigrant, had been nearly doubled, even the closeot friends of Mrs. Salting were taken by surprised Mr. Salting sen., established himself as a sheepfarmer in Australia nearly 90 years ago, and made a success of it. When the gold rush of 8151 came and galvanisdd the whole country into a frenzied activity' he did what nearlv every able-bodied man in Australia did—he joined in the rush. And he was lucky. He found gold. In that mad stampede in the bleak wilderness beneath which the gold waited the seeker in vast quantities, fortunes were sometimes made in a night. Men struck with a pick, to firtd revealed to them the yellow sparkling treasure of a King Solomon's mine. Nuggets weighing 500oz and more were hacked out of the rock. One such was sold for £10,500. Land Investments. Mr. Salting extended his scope of monev making. The cash' h* 1 got for Irs gold he invested in land, and, with the enormous rises in values which followed the opening tup of the country, the coining of the telegraph, railway and fresh population and capital, land proved a second gold mine for hitn.J He joined forces with two other enterprising men, and founded the Sydney firm of Flower, Salt- ; ing, Challis & Co. Salting was in on rockbottom prices. The country grew ; fypgrew with it. When, in 1857, Mr. Salting determined to retire and settle in England with his two sons, William and George, he was reputed to be a millionaire, and he was. He bought a beautiful estate at Chertsey, Surrey, and there he lived until his death in 1865. His var t fortune be left to bis two son<=, each of whom inherited over £1,000,000. The eldest son William, whose widow's will has just been proved di d in 1905, and left £991,324. His widow inherited this fortune intact. For 19 years she has lived quietly, never spending a tithe of her income. Wealth rolled in on her automatically, and her vast capital grew until, at her death at the age of 76, it hal almost doubled itself. The gross value of her estate is £1,868,184. Mr. George Salting, the younger son of the Dan : Sh immigrant, was a world famous art connoisser. He devoted his whole life to collecting objects of art. society luxury and travel did not interest —him. He had only one passion his art treasures. He lived alone in a small set of chambers in St. Jame6-street, his rooms were overcrowded with a unique collection of art treausers —pictures, rare books, sculptures, porcelains, Enamels, bronzes, old gold and Silver. He was a well-known figure— an infi?nificant shabby looking man, who rode on omnibuses and took his meals in cheap teashops. His collection of Chinese porcelain was one of the finest in exis'ance. At the spitzer art sale at Paris in 1893, he spent what was then considered the enormous sum of £40,000 on objects that took his fancy. On his death he bequeathed the Greater part of his treasures to the National Gallery, the British Museum, ; and the Victoria and Albert Museum, South Kensington. His vast fortune—£1,348,083— . he left to bis niece (the only child of his sister in-law, Mrs. Millicent | Saltin=0. who had married Lord ! Binning eldest son of the eleventh i Earl of Haddington. Rfc'i Young Earl. The present earl 30 years of age a sen of Lady Binn ng end a grandson of M s. Millie-nt Salting on the maternal side—and therefore great-gran^Son of the old Dan : sh adventurer—won the M.C. in the war ana owns about 34,000 acres of land. He married, last October, M'Ss Sarah Cook daughter of Mr. C. W. Cook of Montreal, a milliDnaire Canadian business man Lord Haddington now receives, under the will of his grandmother a fortune of about £1,000, as residuary legatee. Thus by these two giant bequests to the earl and his mother the accumulations of the fortune of the emigrant Dane have now passed, almost intact to the Haddington family, a family whose history goes back nearly 500 years. Mrs. Salting stated in her will that she had omitted her daughter Lady Binning, from her will because additional superfluous wealth would have been only adadded responsibility to her. Other Legacies. Other bequests of the late millionaries include— £110,000 to each of her grand children. Lady Helen and the Hon Charles Baiilie-Hamilton. £6,000 each to her solicitor and bank manager. £10,000 in charity and numerous smaller bequests to friends and relations. "She gave away enormous sums of money," 6aid a lady who knew Mrs. Salting intimately, "especially during the war." She made Over Hatch End, Ascot, one of her two country bouse?, to the Air Force in order that the soldiers might have comfortable rest quarters. She {has bequeathed two cases of Battersea and Chelsea enamels to the nation. Kathleen Pearson, Mrs. Salting's maid, receives £1200, her ametBysiS in plain gold setting, and her fitted dressing bag. Her butler Albert Hawkins, receives £1000, and other servants are also "remembered/' The death duties on the estate will amount to £670- 000. Only four other women bave left bigger fortunes than that of Mrs. Saltinsr. 