5s& -v. * ? v ? - ?? ?'* ' ?*'?* - -. — ?-^*= Frank Brennan Resigns From Parlia ment On Tuesday, it was announced that Frank Brenaaa, who has bees ap pointed to th© peach, has handed the Speaker his resignation a^ member for Toowoomba. ? M. 'Jt M. \--m Are One' Says M& 'Western Champion,* * ill its issue of February 14: 'During the last session tbi Opposition fin the State Parliament] acted with a certain amount of coherence. . ? . . Matters .— between the Nationalists and the Coun try Party had reached such an amic able stage that they were calling one another 'Brothers' and 'Comrades, and protesting 'there was virtually no dif ference between them. In fact, said the Country Party members, if it were not for the fact that we might lose some support in our own electorates, we might just as well admit we are one.' # # * Tom Walsh's Fines In Melbourne on Monday last. Judge Stnrke. granted an order to renew the fines of £100 and £60 imposed upon Tom WaWi (president of the Seamen's Union) in the recent charges of incit ing to strike. # * # Australian 'Sweeps' The Governor of Tasmania (Sir James O'Grady) recently attended the drawing of one or Tattersall's sweepstakes. Giv ing his impression, lie said; 'I watched the proceedings with interest for an hour, seeking to make up my mind whether these sweeps do encourage gambling, and I came to the conclusion that while the people will gamble those Tattersall's draws are less harmful— if there is any harm in gambling or games of chance — than any other Form of gambling of which I know.' He would be the Inst man to pneaumcre, the type of gambling that, unfortunately, now existed in England, O'Grady added, but, human nature being what it was, Tattersall's draws seemed to him to provide no inducement for reckless speculation. Indeed, they appeared to him more in the nature of a Stock Ex change gamble, and if this is legiti mate, the poor man* s gamble should be in the same category. * * * .. . Cyclonic Storm at Clanourry . A cyclonic storm, of brief duration, occurred at Cloncurry on Saturday afternoon. The Methoaujt Church was Mown completely off its blocks, Ind col lapsed, while much damage was caused to huildings, many being unroofed. Italian immigrants The Cifcta de Geneva arrived at Fre mantle last week from Italy with 460 migrants. The passengers are Said to have between them £15,000 in the ship's safe, and the Customs officers estimate that the Italians have in their posses sion another £5000. Several of them were former agriculturists in Italy, and will have to find capital to purchase farms upon landing in Australia. Most of the women on the boat are travelling to Join their husbands, who settled pre viously in Australia. * * # Caught by Quicksands ? Separated from two companions with ? whtfm he wm duck- shooting on St. Mar garet's Island, near Corner Inlet, Vic toria, a man named Alder, of Dawgon, Gippsland, was sucked down into the ,'„.. quicksnnd in the mangroves at the end of the beach. He could not free him self, and gradually the tide came in until the water had reached his arm pits. In vain he fired shots from his gun to attract the attention of his friends. Then, with the water lapping ? his chin, he made one more desperate effijrT~afia Treed himself; He squirmed' ncrosB the morass m-on his stomach, in the pitch dark, and he wandered through the thickly-timbered island for hours until he was discovered at 6 o'clock in the morning. * # * A Tragedy Recalled A pathetic story of a tragedy in the 'Australian desert spaces was revealed in the Probate Court, Sydney, on Mon day when Solomon Steinbohm made an application to swear that his son, Harold Moses Steinbohm, had died in or about October, 1922. It was ex plained that Harold Steinbohm, with n friend, commenced to walk to the Nor thern part of Australia, towards the end of 1922. Neither he nor his com panion was over seen again. Some months later, an aboriginal came across bones, two riiles, and a re turned' soldier's badge at11 Morrell Creek, and the badge was identified as that of Harold Moses Steinbohm, Judge Harvey granted the application. *, * . * the child away to a large hole beneath a. rook. The blacks became panic stricken and bolted. Later the State rabbit inspector, who had heard of the an air, waited for the reptile to reap pear, but it failed to materialise for some days, when another watcher shot it dead. It was found to be 17ft, long, and on being opened the remains of tho child was found. The story is vouched for by Major Le Rouef, Director of the Perth Zoo. ? # ? # Mount kernbia Miners Another batch of 1136 men from Mount Kenibla appeared in the Indus trial Court at Sydney on Monday to show cause why they should not bo dealt with for aiding .in an alleged il legal strike. The action against the 104 other men was adjourned pending an application by the Miners' Federation to a higher Court against the authority of the Ar bitration Court. The action of Judge Iiolin, in sen tencing 12 men working at Mount Kernbia last week, has aroused great indignation in the northern coalfields. At a meeting on Saturday it was de cided to protest, and send fl nMiee to all miners' lodges in the district, ask ing them to call meetings, and if neces sary approach the council of the fede ration, with a view to talcing some action. ? # ? ? Scrapping the Commonwealth Line Prime Minister Bruce stated on March 6 that the Commonfwealth was prepared to receive tenders for the pur chase of the ships of thai Australian Commonwealth line of streamers, to gether with the goodwill stnd anything pertaining to the line — dockyard ex cepted — as a going concern. Tho par ticulars, together with the, conditions of tender, can be obtained by bona lido tenderers (principals only) at the office of the Australian Commonwealth line of steamers, Australia House, Strand, on and after May 1, 1925. Tenders will be received at the High Commis sioner's office in London, or at tho Prime Minister's Department in Mel bourne, up to 12 noon on Monday, June 1, 1925. ' # ? * .... De Garis Disohargod v:$e flftvfah $ae litiiMiil^^^ and discharged. The informant asked leave to withdraw the proceedings a^ he had since ascertained that De Garis had funds in a Western Australian hank sufficient to meet the cheque. De Garis pays the cost of his extradition from New Zealand, which the police stated amounted to £48. ? - ? ? Ex-Senator Chataway Dead Ex-Senator Thomas Drinkwater Chataway, who represented Queensland in the Senate from 1906 to 1913. died at his residence in Melbourne on March 5. Since Tiis defeat, Chataway has de voted his time to journalistic pursuits, except during the war period, when ho held a Government position in Syd ney. He is survived by his widow, two sons, and a daughter. « ? « The Bottle-basher Again The ugliest case in this week's list is reported in Sydney. A woman was found in a hotel bedroom with her skull battered in. By her stood a man clut ching the neck of a shattered bottle. Presently, abroad, the murderous use of the beer bottle will be accepted as a distinctive national characteristic of the Australian, as the use of the knife is in Southern Europe, or the pistol in America. * * # Adelie Uand: Australia's Claim The Australian National Research Council met at Melbourne University last week to consider the question of the possession of Adelie Land, which lies in the direction of the South Polar region, and for tho possession of which France has entered a claim. Sir D. Mattvsou indicated that its control by Australia wa« — fraught with important economic possibilities. 'Adelie Land,' he said, 'may have very important economical bearings 'upon Australia, and numerous possi bilities may arise under which it would be to tho interest of Australia to have control of the land. For instance, there is the production of power. Along the coast b'ne of Adelie Land is found the greatest wind power in the world, and with recent discoveries in the transmission of powotr, it is not without ;t]J$- |bjiU!ids; Ji^^-,-;j»o^daiiH^y. 'to have a Iliiiiiiiiil Government to urge upon them the great Jmportanoe of Australia claiming and 'being conceded a dominant position in the whole of that section of the Antarctic Continent which has' for many years been known to all scientific geographies as the Australian quad rant. * * * British Labor Attitude The British Labor Party's attitude towards tariffs is embodied in a unani mous resolution of the Parliamentary Labor Party carried last week, re affirming opposition to all tariffs^ and appointing a committee to suggest me thods of dealing with the exchange of goods made under 'sweated' conditions by other means than a tariff. H « ft Plucky Politician An infuriated cow which charged at pedestrians at a, street intersection at Ballarat, Victoria, was held up by A. Hughes, Labor M.L.A., who seized the beast by the horns and lip and held it down until a number of women and children reached safety. The stockman in charge of the mob from which the cow had broken loose ordered the Parliamentarian to release the cow, whereupon it charged a pedes trian and another man named Murfit — the latter was riding a bicycle, and his leg was injured. Ho is suffering from shock. Hughes again seized the cow, and this time held in down for 15 minutes. Finally it overpowered Hughes and chased him to shelter behind an electric light pole. It was yarded after half an hour. ? # « British Shipowners Give Orders for Vessels to Germany The London 'Morning Post' states that a firm of British shipowners has placed an order at Hamburg for five motor ships, each' of 10,000 tons, to cost between £70,000 and £100,000 less per ship than the lowest British tender. * * * Denmark Aims to Limit Profits The 'Daily Standard' European correspondent states that the Danish Socialist Government is introducing a J^Ht''t0/p}ao--«h':tibtipl-ite^;lunit'--n, all *wM^j0^m:-. ^:-v ? ?? ???? -.-.^i -:- ?;#? V- ? - examined from the point of production to the point of consumption. If at any point in the process . excess profits aro noted, the authorities ' will have tho power to interfere and limit the amount of profit. While it is certain that the Upper House will strongly^ joppose the measure, just as it is, opposing the Dis armament Bill, this attitude on the part of the Conservatives will be wel comed, as the Government is itching for a constitutional fight on the Matter at tho ballot box. German Presidency The Reichstag committee lias ap pointed Dr. Simons (President of the Leipzig High Court) to temporarily succeed Herr Khert ns President of Ger many. - The Socialists have nominated the ex-Premier (Horr Braun) for tlie Presidency. # * * Child Falls 130 Feet While picking berries on the edge of a deep quarry hole at Nqrthcote, Vic toria, a six-year-old child, Lindsay Hamilton, was pushed by ;\ playmate, and, after hanging with his hands for a few seconds, he fell 130 feet. He struck a ledge about 60 foot down, roiled off it, and then fell 70 feet to the hod of the hole. Tho boy escaped with lacera tions to the head, necessitating 30 stitches, but he did not lose conscious ness. « * ? Premier's Wife a Labor Candidate The Tasmanian Slate Labor Execu tive has endorsed the nomination of eight candidates for Dcuison for tho forthcoming elections, including Mrs. J A. Lyons, wife of the Premier. * * * French Communists Attack Socialists Says a Paris cable: 'Communists most violently broke up ti meeting ad dressed by Blum and other leading So cialists, who believed that they would exercise a most important influence on the policy of the Prime Minister. Blum, after half an hour's noisy interruption, abandoned his attempt to obtain a hearing. When Poucet, a former Com tnunist, tried to spe«k, the rowdyism became a battle. Sticks, chairs, and benches were hurled at tho speakers, and even knives were used. Finally the Communists stormed tho platform, and all tho speakers received minor in juries. Communists simultaneously broke up Socialist meetings in _olher parts of the city.' [The Socialists aro endeavoring to strengthen the Prime Ministers' hands against the militarists, and thus aid the movement for a. genuine peace with Germany. Tho Communist action, therefore, plays into the hands of tho militarists just at the moment when th« latter most require such help.] * * # Emulating Mussolini At the Halifax (England) Police Court last week Luigi Fnnlini was fined £2 for creating a disturbance by at tempting to forte an Kalian Fascist to drink a bottle of castor oil. * t M. Bulgarian Political Murders It is cabled that the list of recent political murders in Bulgaria has reached an alarming total. The latest victim was a Communist Deputy, Btejjanofl', who was killed on the eve of becoming si Minister. His murderer has been arrested. Chinese Secret Society According to the police, a Chinese secret society is operating in Sydney for the purpose of smuggling Chinese into Aus tralia, and rewards of £100 are offered to each man killing any Chinese who divulges information to the Customs authorities. The police claim to have found and translated a circular issued by tho Chinese Community Protection Asso ciation to the above effect. * * * American Fleet's Australian Cruise The Navy Department has published a revised schedule of tho visit of the United States Fleet to Australia and New Zealand. The following ships will visit Melbourne from July 20 to August 3, and Wellington from August 3 to 22: Fleet flagship Seattle ; Uattleship Divi sion No. 3. including Pennsylvania, Oklahoma, and Nevada ; four light cruisers; Divisions Nos. 11 and 12 de stroyers; Battle Fleet- Squadron, with flagship Omaha, and tenders Melville ;md Altair, with 26 destroyers. The battleships New Moxico, Mississippi, West Virginia, Colorado, . Maryland, nnd Tennessee will bo at Sydney from July 18 to August 8, and at Auckland fro?tt . 4«g'st 7 to :24. ^Others aooonv 