ROMANCE OF AUSTRALIAN GOLDFIELDS RUSH. FORTUNES FOUNDED BY DANISH EMIGRANT PASS TO FAMILY OP SCOT TISH EARL. One of tho greatest romances of emigra tion and fortune is revealed by the will oi. Mrs. Millicent Emily Salting, a rich Mayfair widow, who has left nearly £2, (300,000, says tho London' Sunday Newe.' The foundations of this great wealth v.cro laid by a poor Danish emigrant, who went out. to Australia 50 years ago. In no less romantic fashion tho bulk of the fortune has ])assed, under two wills, to tho old Scottish family of the Earl -*? Haddington. Tho present earl inherits about £1,000,000 under the latest will. Friendless, and with little money, a young Dane wont out to Australia in 1835 -— before tho great gold rush— 'to see* ms fortune.' How ho found it and became a million aire — first as sheep farmer, then as mer chant, and bv taking advantage of the opening and development of the goldfiolds —is recalled by the death of Mrs. MUli ctnt Emily Salting, his diughter-iu law, whose will reveals an enormous estate of nearly £2,000,000. FORTUNE DOUBLED. Mrs. Salting lived in a spacious man sion in Berkeley-square, a house fanvuo for its art treasures. But since the death ot her husband, she has retired, aimed completely from social life, to live in A manner} . little suggestive fet her vast vealth. When it was made known that the £991,324 left to her 19 years ago dt net husband, Mr. William Severin Baiting, son of tho poor Danish emijfrant, had Been nearly doubled, even the closest friend* or Mrs. Salting were taken by surprise. Mr. Salting, senr., established himself as a fiheop farmer in Australia nearly nwr*ty years ago, and made a so*^ss of it. When the gold rush of 1851 came and galvanised the whole eountry into a frenzied activity, he did what nearly overy able-bodied man in Australia did— he ioinec! in the loan. And he was lucky. He found cold. In that mad stampede in the bleak tr* derness, beneath which the gold waited the seeker in vast quantities, foi-tno-a were' sometimes made in a night. Men struck with a pick, to find revealed lo them tho yellow sparkling treasure of. a King Solomon's mine. Nuggets weurhuiR 500 onneos and more wore hacked ou- : oi the rock. Ono such was sold for £IO,5W. LAND INVESTMENTS. Mr. Salting extended hia seope rf money making. The cash he sot fee has srold ho invested in land, and, wun tne enormous rises in values which Toito*td the opening up of the country, the oodun* a* tJh« *Ai-wrftnh. railway, and freah popu lation and capital, land proved a Bcccnd gold mine for him. Ho joined forces with two other enter* wising men, and founded the 8ydne» firm cf Flower, Salting, Challis and Co. SalL ing wag in on rockbottom price* rhe conntry (rrew; h.e grew with it. . When in 1857 Mr. Salting determined to retire and settle in England with bis two sons, William an A George, ho was reputed to bo a millionaire, and he was. He oou»jht o beautiful estate at Chertsov, Surrey, and there ho lived until his death m 1805. His vast fortune he left to his two sons, each of whom inherited over fl.,0OU, 000. will has just beon proved, died in a305» and loft £091,324. His widow inhv- ritcl Miis fortune intact for 19 years she haa lived quietly, never spending a tithe of her income.' Wealth rolled in on hei auto matically, and her vast capital grrew until, at her death at the age of 76, it iiaa al most doubled itself. The rtoss value ox nor estate is £1,868,184. Mr. Qe'orgo Salting, the younger son of tho Danish immigrant, was a worldfam ous art connoisseur. Ho devoted hia whole life to collecting objects of art. Sociot/ luxury and travel did not interest him. Ho had only one passion— his art trea sures. Ho lived alone in a small set of cham bers in St. Janies-street, where his rounds wero overcrowded with a unique collsetiou of art trcaau res— pictures, t rare books, bronzes, and old gold and silver. He was a well-known figure — an insig nificant, shabby-looking man, who rode on omnibuses and took his meals in ehoap tea shops. His collection of Chinese porcelain was one of the finest in existence. At the Snitzer art sale at Paris, in 1893, he spent what was then considered tho enormous finm of £40.000 on objects which took his fancv. On his death he, bequeathed Uio i?roator part of his treasures to the Na tional Gallery, the British Mtisoum. «»n*l the Victoria and Albert Museum, South Kensington. His vast fortune— fl 348.083— ho left to Ms nioco Ctlip onlv crn'd of his sitttorln law. Mrs. MHlicent SnlHnsr, who had m.n ried I/-rd Bimrinc. oldest son of the '?Seventh Earl of Haddinfjton. RICH YOUNG EARL. The present earl, 30 years of age, a ton vi Lady Binning and a grandson of Mrs. Millicent Salting on tho maternal side— nnd thereforo great-grandson of the uld Danish adventurer — won tho M.C. in tho war and owns ah,out 34,000 acres of land. Ho married last October Miss Sarah Cools, daughter oi Mr. C. W. Cook, of Montro.il n millionaire Canadian business man. Lord Haddington now receives, under the will or his grammiornor, a ionuno oi nbout £1,000,000, as residuary legatee. Thus b_v these two giant bequests to tne carl and' his mother the accumulations cf tho fortune of tho emigrant Dane have iijw passed, almost intact, to the Haddingtui family, n family whose history goes back nearly 500 voare. Mrs. Salting stated in her will tqat shu had omitted her daughter. Lady Bin ning, from her will because additional su pt-rfhioufl wealth would have been only ndded responsibilitv to her. OTHER LEGACIES. Other bequests of the lato millionaire £150,000 to each of her grandohiidron, Ladv Helen and the Hon. Charles Baulie Hamiltoii. £6,000 each to her solicitor and bams manager. £10,000 in charity, and numerous smaller bequests to friends and rolfitionB. (-Sho gave away enormous sums of money,' said a lady who know Mrs. Salt* \T\a intimately, 'espeekllv during tec war.' She mado over Hatch End, Ascot, one of her two country houses, to tho Air Force, in order that the soldiers might have comfortajjjo rest quarters. She haa bequeathed two cases of Battorsea and Chelsea enamels to tho nation. Kathleen Pearson, Mrs. Salting's maid, r«ceivos £1.200. her nmothyata in plain uold setting, nnd bev fitted d-ossin^-bag. He* butler Albert Hawkins receives £1,000, and other servants aro nlso 'remembered.'' The death duties on tho estate will amount to £fi70,000. Only four ofher women have left bigger fortunes than *]'*-'* 'f ,..]\I.T«: ?iffiSllifo8'' Notnblo ad.vane«!i huve been mada in th exportation to Great Britain of' Canadian butter durinc tho pnat 12 montlis. ancoi*d insr to tra-lo fi'Mires Issued !-v tho Dominion Burean oi! Statistics. During tho pnst year 9,169.907 pounds of butter have fnne to Great Britain, as compared v.th 5,792, 248 during the nroceding 12 mrmtha. You can huv ovcrvimnt; cleaner and 'w«hw ot rntJir.M4WlR The Ugiioa wlTr'cair~fo~.your left-ott Clothing It is badlv needed for this winter. Rioj? up A1627. 