Ill the World of Books flPBOUU. TO TMS -OATNOUO ADVOMTT BY IT. I. [?] Ai Assisi Mogens Bsllin installed Jorgensen in a house, situated apposite the one in which he himself was liv ing. The window of Johannes1 room overlooked the town. The sound of its hells came up to him, morning and evening. "One single little shrill-noted bell wouldjcommence first, like a school boy anxious to shdw off. But it was not long permitted to ring alone; one after anotter, their sounds would mount up, the silver hells of Assisi, all the golden belts of Assisi, all the crystal belly of Assisi, all the happy TUfcle belfif Assisi, which seemed to firifTdeligtit in the music of their ring- iig, all the big bells of Assisi which growled and thundered; all the heaven ly belle of Aseisi, gay and dear and joyful, bubbling over with happiness. From the north to the south of Assisi, me sounu 01 -tue neus came swelling upwards like the course of a prairie fire; everywhere their clear tones vibra ted; everywhere the air seemed aflame, with the vigour of the sound. Santa Chiara rings beneath the Pincio, San Francesco answers from afar, even from the Colle del Inferno. San Pietro and Santa Maria del Veseovado ring out from the distance, and there is a wild joyousness in their sound; San Rufino's grave and reflective tolling can now be beard; Santa Maria, San Quirioo; fiant'Apollinare, Chiesa Nuova, Franc escuocio, the church of the Ga- puohins, the chapel of the Colettines, the convent of German nune, S ant' An drea, Santa Margherita — all the high towers and the little belfries, where one oan see swaying bells — they all ring, they all ring, they make joy together, they play for the Lord and sing the praises of His holy Mother." Mogens Ballin, the Francesco of Jorgensen's books, and his friend Gio vanni soon became well known to the townsfolk of Assisi. They called them "the two gentlemen who are always laughing," "ouei due signori che aem- pre ridono," because they used to go through the streets, talking loudly, disputing and laughing at each other's sallies of wit. Signor Francesco (Mo gens Ballin) was considered a saint; gaiety and lighlheartedness In the land ox oL. jrrancis ooes not prevent one from being a saint. Jorgensen Miters the homes of the townsfolk of Aseisi, be sits down around the fireside with them and listens to them singing their "stor- nelli." He follows the religious cere monies, and above all the pilgrimages, which bring peasants from every part of Italy. The first great feast at which he assisted was thai of the Portauncula Indulgence. The two companions, . Jorgensen and Ballin, go with the pil grims, right up there, to the Church of fit. 'Francis and down to the great ba silica of St. Mary of the Angels, which ; is built on the site of the old chapel of the Portiuncula — the Little Portion of fit. Francis. Sometimes they are be fore the sanctuary, where great wave 'en wave of pilgrims sweeps across the s' door, sometimes outside amongst the Ijhops, buying simple little statuettes jy% wood of the Saint and of St. Clare j'-Ajd rosaries and medals, for the Ca- I loHc friends of Ballin. "Full of won- dfr at a faith eo great I watched them I. go away, those pilgrims from £ Southern,. IUfir ; with a crucifix leading the proegBWf each with a pilgrim's | staff as oiYM they walked backwards, 1\. in order that they might have under f!; their eyes as long as possible the if. sanctuary where they had gained the li Indulgence, and they cried, "Bwiva l&ttaria;, Maria ewtva." ... A singular peace fell upon my soul. The sun was setting; above me, the church and con vent of the saint were golden yellow as though sculptured out of old ivory or as though verily dipped in gold; above . me the town of St. Francis, which the rays of the setting sun were with pink and purple, with its houses, its churches, and its cloisters, terrace on terrace like a vineyard. . . . "This is the city set on a mountain and which cannot be concealed," said I to Mogens Ballin. When, that evening, I was at lest alone in my room from which I could see the valley of Umbria, and where I could hear the Fonte Olivieri bubbling at the foot of the etreet, I wrote in my journal : "For many years 1 have not been eo happy as I felt to day. O Lord, Lord, I thank Thee and praise Thee with ell my heart.' This was the third step towards his conversion. But Giovanni was to take many a step backward in the way that he had begun to follow. His friends, Mogens Balliivand a Dutch Franciscan gave him instructions on the truths of the Catholic faith. They were not al ways given to the beet advantage. They gave him Ernest Hello to read; "Hello," said Jorgensen, "taught me to think like a Catholic;" they gave him, too, Leon Bloy, who taught him to feel like Catholic. But the influence of St. Francis, R was, that had most to do with his conversion. The Poverello seemed still to live among the hills and valleys of Umbria, eo vivid were the traditions treasured by the pious peasantry. The two friends went to live in the little Franciscan convent of La Rocca, which we know so well from "The Book of the Road.' The liturgy of the Qatholic Church, the beauty of its oeremonles, bad a great attraction for Jorgensen. On Sundays ho at tended Maae, kneeling among the peasants, seeking the secret of their faith. One thought still troubled him. Would not the poet die in him if he beoame a Catholic? Neither Mogens Ballin nor Father Felix had that tender sympathy with nature which he had. Was that the reason they bad submitted to the Church? He himself was on the thres hold of the Church yet still he hesita ted. As a matter of fact, religion de pends not on the intelligence alone. There is something deeper and more intimate than mere knowledge and hu man understanding. In conversion it is neoessary that one state of mind should replace another; the actual change goes on almost unpereeived. Here the will consents; there it re coils. The movement is In a sense a spiral one; the soul passes the same point several times but eadi time it is nearer the goal. Denmark began now to call Jorgen sen back again. From beyond the ho rizon, from beyond the blue mountains of Italy, came the call of his home and his friends, of his wife and little son. The last evening at La Rocca was signalised by an incident, trivial .enough, yet full of significance for JOflgeneeu. Francesco and Giovanni Were near the fountain of La Rocca, where they had oome ao often at the end of the warm days, mingling with the peasants, who spoke to them with that gentle, polished gaiety so pe culiar to the Italian. A singular at- traction seemed, that night, to knit their souls together. In the stillness of the evening, a sound came mount ing up from below, the sound of a vio lin. Nearer it came; the player was walking, singing as he came, like a troubadour of old, like that joculator Domini, Saint Francis himself. Deeply affected, the friends remained seated. Suddenly a figure is outlined darkly at the turning of the path : "It was Piom- bino, the fiddler of La Rocca, who was returning from a village festa. His face was turned towards the stars and he would from time to time stumble against a stone on the roadway. When be was near us, we called him; be trembled, but, soon reassured, he said: Tt is you! And, still playing, he passed before us, through the gate, entering La Rocca which slept peace ably beneath the glittering stars. We followed him. He sat down on the last step of the stairway of the Den- dina and continued to play, eadly. in a manner peculiarly touching, amid the dark shadows oast by the houses and under the brightly shining stars. The good folk of La Rocca began to stir, windows were opened, and when Piom- bino stopped, one could hear on every side: 'How well yon play! Obi how beautiful b the sound of the violin by night. ' And as Piombino again took up bis fiddle there came a voice which Mid to me: Too thought you were re nouncing poetry, Giovanni. Here it is, before you, more beautiful than ever.' " Jorgensen now returned to Copen hagen. He put himself under instruc tion and read widely in Catholic Ger man works dealing with history and apologetics. At last he was received into the Church and bia wife at once followed his example. He led for s while s quiet, studious life in Den mark. His books give us a glimpse of the little circle of Danish Catholics, composed mostly of German immi- grants and of aristocratic Danes who had eopke to know Catholicism when living abroad. Financial difficulties confronted him. His books had little appeal in a country so overwhelmingly ftiiljiUiit. His old friends simply could not be interested in his new point of view. At length his merit as a poet and -writer won him a travelling bur sary, small enough, yet sufficient for his needs. With his wife, three chil dren, and a nurse, be again set out for the romantic South. An irresistible attraction led him back to Aasisi; and there in the very apartments where Mogens Balliu bad lived, he settled down to write the story of his conver sion and the Life of St. Francis. The fifth volume of his life history, "At the Gate Called Beautiful," takes its name from that text of the Acts of the Apostles, "And they put >:im every day at the gate of the Temple, called Beautiful." The title of the sixth, 'The Mill of God" is w allusion to the German proberb, "The mill of God grinds slowly, but it grinds exceedingly small," the mill which crushes and wounds the soul of man to make him worthy of the vocation to which be is called. These two volumes tell of the struggles of a soul towards religious certainty and with the material diffi culties of life. The mystic and the miraculous which fill its pages may not please ell; hie own countrymen were in part displeased, but we must recognise that his Christian senti ments and his piety have produced in him e virtue, which rarely flourishes in these days. We must admire the fortitude of soul with which he bore the poverty that resulted from his con version. His last works— seventh volume of life story is soon to ap pear — show that the artist and the (Saristian in him have suc ceeded in bringing calm to his troubled spirit. His life of fit. Catherine of Sienna proves that be has acquired a' certitude and a hap piness that make him complete mas ter of all the great powers of his re markable genius. Of living men of letters few possess the compelling per sonal interest of Johannes Jorgensen. (Continued on page 49. > In this second instalment of the life story of the great Dan - ish convert, the reader is shotvn how Jorgensen was led into the Church by the attraction of Use gentle saint of Assisi. Jor gensen's life of St. Francis should be in every Catholic library It is a unique interpretation of the Franciscan spirit. ' ' ' V" l"-1 1 1 (btmttmh— nw bbc—. (Conttnned from page 7.) caVhoajo r—pua pom From Mr. K f; Dwyer, of Oeonge Street, Sydney, m have reoeived a copy of a sen book bp ibe Eev. X. F. WalA, MJk., (LS&R; which hears the title, "$ome Qatholie Principles for Present Day Needs." Rev. Father Walsh, who is Che pfoeeht vice-Provi no ial of the Redemptorist Order 4n Australia,' gave a series' pf jihlte lectures in LtSmore, N.S.W., some 'time ago, and now, act ing en the advice of Dr. Carroll, Bishop of Idsmore, he has mads thesa lectures available in .book form. The first lec ture deals with the- Catholic Church as a divine institution. It would br well if all Catholics had ready to hand the arguments that go to show that the Catholic Church was founded by Christ, to preserve azfid carry on His teaching. It is becoming more and more appar- ent to thinking men that there is some deep seated cause for the moral and intellectual chaos of the present day. It is not difficult to show those willing to understand/ that the trouble lies in the revolt against authority. There were many reasons inspiring the re- 1 jeciion of Christ by the scribes and Pharisees, and all these reasons may still, be seen operative, ip the rejec tion of the authority of the dnfroh by men of the world to-day. In the second ; lecture Father Walsh shows that, m very truth, tha position of the Catholic Church in the world Is the sapae as the, position of Christ. "The Catholic, Church does not imagine that she is free to #eiaoi any tenets, she may choose and propose ihSm for belief;.- she- does not think that those who. hear are free to select the tenets they ib«y choose to believe, or tp ac cept them in what sense they please.' She is bound to teach. those truths en trusted to. her; thosa - who beor are hound to aeoept. her ' teaching'. "He thai believe tfeJtot shaH be condemned. It is one of the commonest tppies of invective' against tti' Catholic Church that she is intolerant, rigid, tnsolenU! in "her assertion that she is the only ine Christianity." The Catholic Church must he intolerant of error. Thja is the point thai rather Walsh infiste on, and be does it te a why thatr should carry' eomdction. In the other tedipM he tresis of the' objeetiona commonly mads against the teaching authority of the G&taroh; ahd ffnly ahpwa that the igaark of Unity is a logieal neces sity. dJTthie is done to an easy, ffnent, yet TipycQs style that eanfiot- fail to awakan the reader's tefereat and hold his ' attention. We heartily commend the volume to \lw attention of priests and teachers in town and oountry. It forms- an admirable oorreetivo ,agatost the shallow arguments of aaaterialism, so frequently heard nowadays,' when men meet to discuss the evils of the The voluaae , concludes .with a ffme address on the' subjqot of the "Church - and the Bible" anffFhtMr Waleh con- eludss with the remarkab|# nai of Archbishop rsham: "It -4s enreky the tmgit igpff <of history ttrit whilst Prolestanto themselves are striving, with might and ntotii. to pull, to pieces the ancient objeet of their veneration, the Oatbolio Ohusoto evpr reputed its deadtiest eneimy, is alone ism of all bodies to saw It from de- stouotion. Father Walsh's poo J an exceeed- isgly valuable addition to Catootfe tontogn|tfn and it to to hy hoped thet it wilt eircutete wMsly aasongst- both Ofctholies and nohvCatholics. The ar gument dehor! in ito eighty pages us jsti Mtosa which should he most fatoilter -to AuetoaMaa- -Cathode young men. father Walsh is a dlstingulahed mesber of an Order that can claim some of the most famous theologians ' of the Church. The founder, St. Li- guori, was perhaps the most volumin ous of the doctors of the Church, and all his works are famous alike for Iheir learning and piety. Father Walsh is moreover a Master of Arts of the Na tional University of Ireland; hit book displays a wide range of scholarship as well as the happy gift of a clear and convincing style. now our mmm work. From the Convent of the Sisters of Charity, Potts Point, Sydney, we have recdhred a copy of a little book that should form an admirable introduction to psychology. It was written by Sis ter Mary Dnnstan, MA., Dip- Ed.-, one of the foremost Catholic teachers of the Mother State. "How Our Minds Work" is a very small production, but it con tains quite a lot of psychology. The province of psychology is the investi gation of the mind in much the same way as anatomy lis Concerned with the body. The tendency, however, has been for psychologists to fly off in pursuit of countless fads and theories. In the materialistic 19th century it was thought possible to stats the thought processes in formulae akin to those of ' chemistry . The phosphorous theory, 'the mind stuff theory each bad its short, inglorious career. Books on education were' almost all based on principles of psychology that were quite wrong, and it is only pf late years that the science of pedagogy has been purged of many errors due to the in fluence of English aad German oqa- , terialiets. To day theve is a tendency to run mad along the new way of psy cho-analysis. It is a good thing there fore for young Catholic teachers to make a correct start on their course in psychology and education. This little volume will introduce them in an interesting aad entertaining way to one of the most difficult of the sciences and they will not have anything afterwards to unlearn, that most difficult of men tal processes. Br. Sbaahan, the coadjutor Arch- bishop -pf Sydney, has written an ap- pxpeiative preface. He says, inter alia: "T% author deserves, and will, I am sure, receive the thanks of all Catholic teachers; hut it is only the expert in Scholastic Philosophy who can exactly measurfi .the difficulties which she has surmounted in clothing suck abstruse matter in the robe ofgebildlike sim plicity." We recommend the little book for use in convent training schools. It could well be read, too, in the senior classes of our schools; it would doubt- leas awake thq spirit of inquiry and ..encourage the habit > pf more correct thinking "rin daily life. Its price is ninepence, and it may be procured from Pellegrini and Co., Brisbane, or -direct from Potts Point. 