ROMANCE OF AUSTRALIAN GOLD- FIELDS RUSH. * One of the greatest romances of emigration and fortune is revealed by the will of Mrs. Millieent Emily Siting, a rich Mayfair widow, who has left rearly £2,000,000 (says the London ".Sunday News"). The foundation of this great wealth were laid by a poor Danish emigrant who went out to Australia 50 years ago. In no less romantic fashion the bulk of the fortune has passed, under two wills, to the old Scottish family of the Earl of Haddington. The present earl inherits about £1,000,000 under the latest will. Friendless, and with little money, a young Dane went out to Australia in 1835'—before the great gold rush—"to seek his fortune." • How he found it and became a millionaire—first as sheepfarmer, then as merchant, and by taking advantage of the opening and development of the goldflelds—is recalled by the death of Mrs. Millieent Emily Salting, his daughter-in-law, whose will reveals an enormous estate of nearly £2,000,000. Mrs. Salting lived in a* spacious mansion in Berkeley square, a house famous for its art treasures. But since the death of her husband she has retired almost completely from social life, to live in a manner little suggestive of her vast wealth. When it was made known that the £991,234 left to her 19 year ago by her husband, Mr. William Severin Salting, son of the poor Danish emigrant, had been nearly doubled, even the closest friends of Mrs. Salting were taken by surprised. Mr. Salting sen., established himself as a sheopfarmer in Australia nearly 90 years ago, and made a success of it. When the gold rnt-h of 1851 came and galvanised the whole country into a frenzied activity he did what nearly every able-bodied' man in Australia did—lie joined in the rush. And he was lucky, lie found gold. In that mad stampede in the bleak wilderness beneath which the gold waited the seeker in vast quantities, fortunes were sometimes made in a night. Men struck with a pick, to find revealed to them the yellow sparkling treasure of a King Solomon's mine. Nuggets weighing oOOoz. and more were hacked out of the rock. One such was sold for £1.0,:"00. Mr. Salting extended, his scope of money making. Thw" cash he got for his gold lie 'invested in land, and, with the enormous rises in values which followed the opening up of the country, thecoming of the telegraph railway and fresh population and capital, land proved a secon-l gold mine for him.' He joined forces with two other enterprising men, and founded the Sydney firm of Flower, Salting,.'Ciiallis & Co*., Salting was in on rockbottom prices. The country grew; he grew with it. When, in 1857, Mr. Salting determined to retire and settle in England with his two sons, William and George, he was reputed to be millionaire, and he was. lie bought a beautiful estate at Ohertsev, and thero he lived until his death m 1805. His vast fortune he left to his two sons, each of whom inherited over £1,000,000. The eldest son William, whose widow 's will lias just fjcen proved, died in 1905, and left £991,3:>4. Ilia widow inherited this fortune intact. For 19 years she has lived quietly, never spending a tithe of her income. Wealth rolled in. on her automatically, and her vast capital grew until, at her death at the age of 76, it had almost doubled itself. The gross value of her estate is £1,868,184. Mr. George Salting, the younger son of the Danish immigrant was a world famous art eonnoisser. He devoted his whole life to collecting objects of art. Society, luxury, and travel did not interest him. He had only one passion—his art treasures. He lived alone in a small set of chambers in St. James-street, his rooms were overcrowded with a unique -collection of art treasurers—pictures, rare books, sculptures, porcelains, Enamels, bronzes, old gold and Silver. He was a well-known figure—an insignificant shabby looking man, who rode on omnibuses and took his meals in cheap teashops. His collection of Chinese porcelain was one of the finest in existence. At t}\e Spitzer art sale at Paris in 1893, he spent what was then considered the enormous sum £40,000 on objects that took his fancy. On his death he bequeathed the Greater part of his treasures to the National Gallery, the British Museum, and the Victoria and. Albert Museum, South Kensington. His vast fortune—£1,348,093—he left to his niece (the only child of hia sister in- law, Mrs. Millieent Salting), who B had married Lord Binning eldest son of about £1,000, as residuary legatee. The present earl 30 years of age a son of Lady Binning and a grandson of Mrs. Millieent Salting on the maternal side—and therefore great-grandson of the old Danish adventurer—won the M.C. in the war and owns about 34,000 acres of land. He married, last October, Miss Sarah Cook daughter of Mr. O. W. Cook of Montreal, a millionaire Canadian business man. Lord Haddington now receives, under the will of his grandmother a fortune of about £1,000, as residuary legatte. Thus by these two giant bequests to the earl and his mother the accumulations of the fortune of the emigrant Dane have now passed, almost intact to the Haddington family, a family whose history goes back nearly 500 years. . Mrs. Salting stated in her will that she had omitted her daughter Lady Binning, from her will because additional superfluous Avealth would have been only added responsibility to her. Other bequests of the late millionairess include:—-£10,000 to each of her grand children. Lady Helen and the Hon. Charles Baillie Hamilton. £6,000 each to her solicitor and bank manager £10,000 in charity and numerous smaller bequests to friends and relations. She gave away enormous sums of money," said a lady who knew Mrs. Salting intimately, "especially during the war." She made over Hatch End, Ascot, one of her two country houses, to the Air Force in order that tiie sold iers might have comfortable rest quar ters. She had bequeathed two cases of Bnttersea and Chelsea enamels to the nation. .Kathleen Pearson, Mrs. Salting's maid, receives .£1200, her amethysts in plain gold setting, and her dressing bag. ller butler Albert Hawkins, re ceives £1000, and other servants are also "remembered." The death duties pn tlie estate will amount to £670,uoo. Only four other women have left bigger fortunes than that of Mrs. Salting. 