CURRENT TOPICS AUSTRALIA'S POPULATION. The population of Australia in De cember last, according to official statistics, was 5,873,503, the increase' during 1924 being 123,696, made up of an excess of births over deaths numbering 79,947, and net' immigra tion, 43,749, HfcW STATES' REPORT. Alderman Wooding, president of the Albury branch of the Riverina New State Movement, commenting on the commission's adverse finding, said the most optimistic new Stater had very little hope of getting a favourable ver dict. In the few localities -of the Riverina that he had knowledge of. In spite of the apathy shown and the canvassing for witnesses to oppose the new State idea, those in favour out numbered those who opposed by 10 to' i, and he believed that in the north the witnesses were in favour of new States by more than 20 to 1. No sin cere effort seemed to be made on. be half of the commission to find out the great disabilities suffered in Riverina, through being practically the back yard -of a great State. The commis sion's findings were pitiful and futile. Victorian money and Victorian rail ways were now opening up Western Riverina. The mother State had neg leoted its own rich territory for fifty years, and now the little State of Vic toria came to the rescue. , LABOR CAMPAIGN. A big Labor rally will take place at Gloucester on Saturday next, when the speakers will be Mr. J. J. Fitzgerald, H.L.A., and the Hon. J. P. Coates, M.L.C. They speak at Gloucester at 7 p.m. at night, and at centres through out the district as notified in the ad vertlsing eolumns. UHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY. Mi8S- Boydell, of Japan, will lec ture on missionary work amongst the Japanese at Gloucester to night and at Craven and Waukivory on Wednes day and Thursday, respectively. RIDER HAGGARD. The death is announced of Sir Ri der Haggard, the oelebrated novelist, and agricultural economist, In his 69th year. Born in Bradenham, Norfolk, uvu i j iviuci Aicts&citu; wao cuuuabcu at Ipswich Grammar School, and held various offloial positions in South Africa from 1875 to 1879. In the latter year he was called to the bar, and three years later published his first work, 'Cetawayo and His White Neighbors.' He was knighted in 1912. South Africa provided the late Sir Rider Haggard with a picturesque set-, ting for many of his novels. Alto gether he wrote more than 50. His exceptional descriptive and narrative powers enabled him tfo hold the pub lic for 43 years. Among well known books from his pen are : — 'King Solo mon's Mines,' 'She.' 'Allan Quarter main' 'Cleopatra' 'Eric,' 'Brighteyes' 'Monte Zuma's Daughter' and 'Ayesha.' He visited Australia in 1916. OVERLAND PETROL TEST. Mr. W. U. Harris has received th3 following wire from Overland Sydney Ltd., ia connection with the recent petrol consumption test, in which Mr. Harris seeured 59.3 miles per gdl'on: 'You are holding second position sc far. ADVERTIMNd IS AN ENGINE. Recently, Mr. William Wrigley, who sells chewing gum to all the wqrld, I wa» riding with some friends in a rail- ! ?way carriage. One -of the hlr, friends began to ehaff him on the immense j amount ef money he was spending ';p advertising. 'Why, Mr. Wrigley ' he Said, 'you have spent a fortune al ready en advertising. You have crea ted a splendid demand. Everybody is chewing your gum. Why do you go on wasting your money in publicity;' j 'My dear fellow,' replied Wrigley, 'If I were to stop advertising, it would be Just like taking the engine off this train. The train would run for a while, but it would slow down and step. Neither a railway train nor a dullness ean keep -on going by momen- - torn. PROHIBITION Mr. H. C. Stltt, State Superintendent of the New South Wales Alliance will visit Gloucester In connection with the prohibition movement on 7th June sext. - ' OPENING THEIR EYES. Mr. St C. Grondona, the publicity officer, !? placarding the Australian Pavilion at Wembley with statistics of i * startling nature. These draw atten .ttoa to the heavy purchases of Brit ish goods by Australia, and, at the same time, make a comparison with the foodstuffs bought by Britain from foreign suppliers, such as Argentine meat, American wheat, Spanish dried fruits, and Danish butter. WHAT PRICE K1SIBS? Shi Girls, what price kisses? A curious basis for the assessment of flamages la ft breach of promise case ' qrat adopted at Sholmyville (Ken tucky), where a. woman 50 years of age, suing her former fiance, olalmed damages proportionate to the number of kisses she bestowed on him durln? their courtship. She declared that Ihs total was 400,000, and the Court awarded her $4000, about 21d a kiss, says the 'Central News.' eunvrANTIAL DIET. Recently * bullock, killed by Mr. Denaett, MusweUbrook, was found to { fe&Te; had a taste for something not as 8Ige«tlbla as grass. The Inside of the beast vat found to contain no less than 21b of ouarta, Ironstone and \- Blatey rook. The buU'ocfc was In 6x 