(the way Of the week! I; CASUAL COMMENT — -ON MEN AN© THINGS i; Poor Old Australia. The son of tlic late comedian ' '"Billy" Williams is evidently alsp something of a comedian. This, four- \- feen -year-old' brat has been annoying the English traffic authorities, by speeding at forty in'iles an hour; and a bland magistrate is content to send him out to Australia where he ima gines that all our roadis are through the huslr and there's no such things as licenses. William Williams, juni or, and othdrs of these light-headed youngsters will find' our- traffic police just as efficient as those at the other end of the world. Candidly we don't want immigrants of this variety. Is It Right? FOUGH to that 'great authority — ' ''the man in the' street" — the po licy of the Lumpers' Unicn in restric ting their membership, savors much of- a "dog in the manger" policy, the men themselves present some appar ently good - reasons for their stand. jNevertheleise, ,t%y must evjentuajly realise that the .tirade of the Port is- increasing and that any delays .caus ed to steamers are only going to tend to make . their charterers . chary of having them call at\J?pemaintle again. The gentleman- who damaged his riqse to annpy his. other- features may well have been a lumper. ' , : -. Just as Careless COM1MJSSIONER CoimeU's warning to yachtsmen to exercise: ' the greatest care during the holiday sea son -doesn't seem to have affected the erratic, variety much. The river was the scene of the usual careless and dangerous acts, and the same risks were taken. Some of these inefficient skippers, and their feather-headed friends aye evidently waiting for the inevitable tragedy to slop their sense less capers. \- - » . Road \a11d3ls ' j THE delightful perversity of Gov- eJrnm'ertt ideiiartmeiiaLs and off- 1 cialdoip in general is in. no way more, evident than in their flair- for putting down 'and tearing np- roads. Just a few months lyack the Terrace was 'made a road to 'be proud of; to-day '.thanks to. the. road-tearing vandal, ftlie bfeautiful surface is marred, by an ugly and dangerous cut in the. bitu men carpet. How much expense and , wasted effort a little forethought would save. : ' » ' « The Asyfufii Sensation , THOl-G the hullabaloo aroused by « the attempt to murder- Dr. An- J dersnn lias long since died down, 1 there is a. rcmdrkable silence, in off- s cia-1 circles with regard tp the finding 1 of the doteotiyes , jsrho . yere inquir ing into the mystery. Rumors are , rife of a couple of unpleasant hap penings, and in fairness- to . the in- 1 uialtes and th,e .Asyiuhn iathoritjes J an official statement of the facts, is 1 needed. A. policy of secrecy with rc- 1 gard to asylum administration, has al- ways proved a ghastly failure," and it is certajnly doing so in this case. ' i Another: World fife'1' OXCE again the aerial circuit of the globe :s being undertaken, this time by an Italian, Signer Pinedo, who \yas expected to arJ lv® n at the end of this week. The latest to attack the big adventure comes here direct from Rome, and will touch at all the Australian towns qn his way round the coast. . The Easter Holiday, PASTER as an outdoor holiday spa ll Son seems to have ai: appeal big ger even' than Christmas. Whereas- the latter is the time of "getrtogether," and family re-unions and the like, the "get-away- somewhere" fever, is ram pant. in the former. This yeai all the. ri\ er seaside resorts were .well patron-, ised. and an extensive programme of -I outdoor entertainments made it a bright spell. ... - Ancient Eggs . Till,' very mention of an. that can claim the more tlian average antiquity of - six months is enough to make tiie epicure foreswear the de licacy permanently. On the London market, howeycr, Danish eggs of' that age |ire sealing while Australia is missing wonderful opportunities. London's egg bill reaches the abnor mal annual figures of £18,000,000; and there is little reason why thc:Aus tralian poultry man should not secure a big .proportion of the trade. Ger many, too, is an eager -buyer, for egg powder, and a bid for this trade would profit the growers.. more than a puny nibbling at the limited. Possi bilities of T-t -doubtful local -market.-:- . , »F ' The Day ! - P! almost, looks, a. if those who favor- Anzac Day beipgft&ft.; dgy.-of gloom are getting their way in Aus tralia. Which would be a ,pity. The obviously national way. to celebrate our National. Da,y is by. keeifing the morning for remembrance and sor row7 fdp those that are gone,- and- the afternoon: for rejoicing - over the tri umph that even in death was ' theirs. For after all the predominant note about Anzac Day ' should - not be mourning, but triumph. ' King Football ' r HOUGH tiie various other holiday attractions limited football crowds the first qf the season's try-outs last week-end promise well ..for the suc cess of. the coming season. This sea son ushers in the much- discussed, dis trict system, and- the indications from the training caumjps of the various sides promise a keen fight before ilie ocaticn of the pennant is decided. # , ' Labor Worried, LABOR is inwardly iierturbed at the t unwelcome notoriety that the ballot box scandals have brought in :hoir train, and the members of the prinking t-rald-e iiife how being 'ap pealed to to resist temptation. But sn't it a sorry business altogether? Crashed! CEXERAL BIRDWOOD as ail Aussie idol has crashed to the dust'. Now we know what he th'inks, the wonder is that he reigned so long. . . How Long? ' THE marvel is. that there were so few accidents during the Easter holiday round. Some cf -the risks we saw being taken by rohd and river seemed to be just- taunting Providence. Still it can't go on like this, for ever. Unless the police are given wider powers the crazy yachtsman and the hair-brajined motor-cyclist- will pull off a large-size disaster before long!; » As "Usual SO we're not even going, to see the, smoke of the American Fleet. As-; usual Sydney and Melbourne get all the limelight, and as usual a lot oi> Western Australians will spend good Western money, to go East to join in- the festivities. "Little wonder that we age a mighty, discontented people. - . . Tassy's Tcniper FOR a little State Ta&sy; hps. got a . T big- temper, and her. secession agi tation contains a very healthy, punch.. Nevertheless, behind it all, Tassy pro bably doesn't really want -to secede. But she knows that nothing is gpt these days from the Commonwealth by being civii. , Politick! Whirlwinds! - FOF instability commend us to the "post-war politics of France. There doesn't seem to be anything de finite. or coherent or decided; about hny of- the conflicting factions, and it seems, that with each crisis the people -just got one fdrm of unrest for' an- : other. Iffr its polities are a, relief of the character of the new France, we arte rather sorry for the Frenchman. » . Can It? CAN "Labor, which shrieked so much against asylum, administration when- it Was in opposition, delay, much longer a real inquiry into the, state of affairs at Olaremont? We hardly think sq. Anyhow, there's lots of. ku- dos to copie ito. the politician who initiates a thorough, investigation. # - . Another Phil TJ1A.T Lpndon. joivrnajjst vvjlio pitab ed Premier Collier around ijfln- don must have a vividj imagination or London has tKa-nsfortmqd' our Phijip. Phil lias never, talked, in that style, to his friends at the Celtic Club, or his supporters around Dirty. Acre. Still, travcL accomplishes some : wonderful things. , , - \- 5 To Coiuc First Melbourne has got badly the ' Yankee habit', of "wetek7'- stunts, and the latest is a "Drink- More Milk" : week. It's -a good idea, but before i Perth starts it, we've -got to "consider . whether a lot of the stuff- served1 UP ; oh the doorstep - each- 'morning is really worth drinking. 