More Settlers Contingent by the Ormuz The Orient Royal mail liner Ormuz, from London, via ports, arrived at the New Farm wharf yesterday. The vessel in the command of Captain F. R. O'Sullivan, left Tilbury. Docks on Saturday, October 31, with 224 first- class and 878 thirdrclass passengers, 356 of the latter being immigrants. Amongst the first-class passengers who left the Ormuz at Colombo were 13 adherents of the Liberal-Catholic Church, including Dr. Annie Besant, "Right Reverend Bishop Arundalo and his wife, Right" Reverend Bishop' AVedgtvood Krislinamurtl ("The AIcs- slah")/ Alessrs. D. Rajagopalacharya -.and Bengoal Rao. The party was hound! for Madras; where a congress and its attendant religious ceremonies would take place. BAD AVEATHER. . Exceptionally had weather, was ex perienced from the commencement of the Ormuz's trip. When crossing the Bay' of Biscay down to the Portuguese coast a full soutlh -westerly was en countered, this being followed by a dense fog off Lisbon, which lasted until the vessel arrived at Gibraltar. The weather continued bad to Toulon. In the Gulf of Lyons it was blowing a hurricane until the liner came under the lee of the French coast. The weather conditions were slightly better thereafter to Port Said. The captain remarked that most exceptional wea ther was experienced in the Red Sea. Violent thunderstorms and torren tial rain caused a further delay. The disturbance is said to be probably the tail end of a cyclone that had just previously passed over Southern India. Colombo was reached two days . and six hours behind scheduled time, but from that point onward the voyage was one of great pleasure. , Armistice Day was celebrated with a brief ser vice on tlio ship's deck, Flanders poppies being sold hi aid of Earl Ilaigli's Soldiers' Fund. INFLUX OF FOREIGNERS. Of tlio 120 passengers In the third class ifor Brisbane the following nationalities were represented by one or moro persons: Swedish, Italian, Greek, Dutch, Batavian, Jugo-Slavs, German, Polish; Danish, Bulgarian, French, Syrians, and Austrian. The nominated British immigrants included .36 persons, while, In addition, thero wore 14 youths designated as farm learners, a pleasing feature in connection with this happy band of people Is that the whole of the 50 per sons are about to make their homes on the land in Queensland. Alessrs. E. II. Abel and J. O'Neil-Brenan (Immigra tion Department) met the new arrivals. A PLEASANT A'OYAGE. "AVe were a happy band of travel lers," said a ' third-class passenger aboard the Ormuz to a "Telegraph" reporter in the afternoon. This new comer went on to describe the many fancy dress balls, dances, concerts, deck competitions held throughout the voyage from London to Brisbane. Another passenger related how the spirit of good fellowship existed bo-' twoen the saloon arid third-class pas sengers. The ladies and gentlemen travelling in the saloon took the hat round and collected £30, which amount they donated for prizes and other in cidentals for the benefit, of the 200 children In the third-class portion of the ship. It was learned that the prizes given to each child were greatly prized by tile youngsters, especially as the saloon passengers cnmc and assisted to make the children's out ings a success. The passengers speak In appreciative terms also of the as sistance "rendered by the master, officers, and stewardesses (Misses D. Turner and E. Small. 