CO-OPERATION IN INDUSTRY. The holding of the initial meeting of the Dairy Exports Control Board (on which the various States are re presented), and the efforts now being made to popularise the "Kangaroo" brand pf butter in the overseas markets, mark another stage in the development of the co-operative sys tem in Australia. The adoption of a single brand for the surplus butter for export is a step in a direction which already has proved a wise one, and further economics and improve ments in the rparketing conditions may be looked for now that the Federal Board has entered upon its duties. Since the war the co-opera tive principle as .applied to produc tion and marketing has received re markable impetus, not only in Aus tralia, but in the United States, Canada, South Africa, and other countries, where . the formation ( of pools for the concerted handling of .products is proving helpful in coun teracting tho effects of depression and. the higher, , costs of production brought about iargely by the co operative efforts of the consumers. A fuller development of the co-opera- jtive principle amongst the producers nas, m short, been forced uppn them as a measure of self-defence. Prior to the war, tho only illustration of successful combination in the prim ary industries of Australia was .con fined to tho dairymen, and in their case it was limited to the manufac turing stage. In Queensland to-day, and in the other States' to a certain extent, the- pooling of the products for i their more economical distribution is applied to a variety of the "rural in dustries, and it is only fitting that in | the dairying industry an "endeavor should be made/to extend the prin- | ciple of joint action from, the produc ing to the marketing' stage,. For in I no other direction lias the benefit of | combination been ' so successfully Illustrated as. in the Manufacture "of j butter and cheese. At the present time practically the whole of the companies that - manufacture dairy produce are . co-operative, and, ac cording to a report- recently pre sented to tho N.S. Wales Parlia-' ment by the Registrar of Co-opera tive Societies: in that State,- "their de velopment represents tho greatest achievement of- co-operation In N.S Wales." The same remark appjies- with equal force to Queensland. It ts interesting to note from tho repoi t that the, . first co-operative butter factory in Australia was established near Kinmn, on the South coast of N.S. Wales, in 1SS4 or 1SS5, and from that date the farmeus commenc ed to jipply co-operative principles to manufacture . In 1907 .there were in tlint State 160 factories producing 56, 000, 0001b. of butter, while in 1921- 22 the production from 126 factories niuounteil'to 05,000,0001b. The 'Com monwealth .Year Book' shows that the factories in Australia for the manufacture of butter, cheese, and condensed milk numbered 573 in 1922-23, and these were distributed tn the various States as follow: — N.S.Wales 170, Victoria 1S2, Queens land 129, South Australia- 51, West Australia S, and Tasmania 33. The proportion of proprietary companies is not mentioned, but it is infinitesi mal, tho industry, especially in N.S. Wnloc nnrl Oimpnslnnrl lipincr nractt- cally solely in the hands of tho farm ers. The progress, not only of co operation, but of the industry itself, has nowhere been more marked than In Queensland, for the first big for ward move was not made until after the drought of 1902, and up to that year the industry was mainly in the hands of proprietary "companies. Be tween the rival interests keen com petition ensued, which ultimately ended in the survival of the fittest. Meanwhile the Queensland dairymen had to demonstrate the unsoundness of the- belief, which was shared even by many experts, that the climate of this State was not favorable to the production of high-class butter. The early shipments overseas seemed to confirm this belief, for Queens land butter was carried on relatively slow steamers that followed tho Cape route, while the Southern States were served by the speedy mall liners. Tho result was a dis parity of 6/ or more a_cwt. in the London quotations, and this handicap continued until the Morgan Govern ment, about 1905, effected an arrange ment whereby the mail steamers should call at Brisbane. Since then Queensland butter has ranked on even terms with the N.S. Wales and Victorian product, and in competi tion at the annual dairy show at Islington (London) has more than held its own. The Australian but ter. however, invariably is quoted lower than that from New Zealand, whose product in turn is outclassed by the Danish. The reduction of these margins is the task that faces uie Dairy Export Control Board, ' which, according to the Minister of j Markets and Immigration (Senator Wilscn), is to make a complete sur- ! vc-y of the industry, do overythipg ; possible for the development and ex tension of overseas markets, and en deavor to secure the highest prices by improving the present methods and providing continuity of supply, '..specially under the "Kangaroo" 1 iirnnd. As an indication of the fav- ' or'ibic season now being experienced i by dairymen, it may he noted tliat j :hc overseas experts from Australia ! Cor tho past ten months amounted i to 5 To 50 tons of butter, and 4074 j tons of cheese. The shipments dur ing this month and June, when the season closes, should easily help to establish a new record, tho high- water mark in exports hitherto being in the 1921-22 season, wlieq 5G.S50 tons of butter and 565R tons of cheese :vere shipped overseas. 