FEATURES of the DAY British Skylark, la North-west: -Mr. H. .Stuart Dove\ (Devonport) writes:, 11 may be interesting to piado on record, that th!> British skylark (Al nada, Arvonsis) lins arrived in tho iJer soy district, and seems in a .'fair way to. become, established. An old resident of Devonport' drew my attention lo. this about a . month ago, since when I have myself soon some individuals. Whether it lins yet reached other parts of our Coast .1/piuinot say; probably not, or it would have been notified in "The Advocate" . For quito a iiniii bor of years this species has been ac climatised in thc Launceston district, and its "spring" songs havo-been a feature of the grassy Hats about tho .ihow ground, and' the lands adjacent. About half-a-dozen years ago I saw thc lark at Westbury, sinco when it lins no doubt been pushing its way to Ibo Const. This delightful songster is, un Uko the starling and. sparrow, n desirable immigrant,'mid it will bo in teresting to see how long it tit kos to find its way along la, the Ulverstone1, Penguin, and Burnie districts. Fertiliser Sales in France: According to a South African offi cial journal, u new law has come into fore« in'Franco-for. ¡tifo purpose of re gulating ;' tho" salo"of fertilisers. iii ftituro,. it appears,' prices will hmo to lie bused on'the results of analysis; and another important characteristic of tho law is the' lightening up of the pro visions of previous legislation, requir ing tito seller of a fertiliser, to furnish tho buyer with all necessary informa tion as to tho nature and source of tho fertiliser, tho strength mid origin of thc fertilising clement's which it contains, and their state of combina tion. Tho seller is now -'required to supply each buyer with a detailed in voice, oven if the buyer does not ask for. one. Thc'seller must also attach to tho wrappings'a label ? bearing tho required indication of the strength in fertilising elements, which must con form exactly to the composition of tho product. This label mnv not boar ¡my indications other than those prescribed by tile legislation in fore«. Dtitisli Egos: ' Eggs and their containers-export ed- from Denmark uro now stamped "fresh Danish eggs,". "Danish chipped eggs," "Danish eggs, 'second grade," or .'Danish cold-stored eggs," accord ing to thc results of gruding, Accord ing to the -American agrieultut'nl com missioner at London, the new .regula* lions governing export eggs, ; hitherto stumped either "new laid" or "cold stored" ure effective, for three years. Danish .-export eggs huvo borne, some distinguishing imirk sinco tho organisa--' timi, of tliu Danish export co- opera tives. It has. been thought, however, that tho old regulations did not classi fy the product closely enough.. Tho royal decree announcing tho new law stresses the object of raising tho qual ity and reputation ol' Danish oxport eggs, and imposes penultics upon ex porters for infringements and mis reprosontatioiis. 