RURAL TOPICS. Seldom lias a season opened more favour-1 ably for northern farmers than has the present one. Rain at the beginning of April is usually regarded as coming at the1 best time, as the sun is then not fierce1 enough to burn up the young green feed. Though delayed till May, the ground was, warm when rain fell, and no frosts have' yet occurred. Karly sown crops have made their appearance, and teams are busy turn ing under the weeds preparatory to sow ing the main cereal crop. The prospects of feed for stock are good, though where liand-feeding has been started, it will be found necessary to continue for some weeks i yet. Lambing has commenced under good conditions, nnd a good drop is antici pated. Volunfe III. of the '"Register of Stud Merino Docks of the Commonwealth" has been published by the New South Wales Sheepbreeders' Association, in co operation with the South Australian and West Australian associations of merino' breeders. In the present volume, 9.'1 of the principal Itiverina. studs are included, 9 in Queensland, 3-1 in South Australia, 1 in Tasmania, 10 in Victoria, and 68 in Western Australia. Particulars of the foundation of each flock and the latest returns are furnished. The secretary of the Aberdeen- Aligns Herd Book Society of Australia advises that Mr. Hubert Docker, Bontharambo, Wangaratta, Victoria, sold recently for ex port to Kenya Colony,Kast Africa, an Aber deen-Augns bull. Mr. Cole, the purchaser, has advised the safe arrival of the bull, and his pleasure in his quality. \>r. Cole "Says that l^e is the hcsL hull he has imported for many years. He uses Aberdeen-Angus bulls for grading up native cattle. It is interesting to know that he has to house all his cattle overnight, owing to the depre dation of lions and natives. He runs also a .flock of 12,000 sheep, mostly nierinoes, which also have to be yarded nightly. Mr. G. H. Tolley, engineer and manager of the Cnrlwaa irrigation settlement, hav ing reached the retiring age. has severed his connection with the New South Wales Water Supply department, and intends to practise »s irrigation export and engineer in Victoria. Air. Tolley has had ,'{j years of practical experience in. irrigation at Mildura and Wyuna, in Victoria, and in New South Wales, and is regarded as an authority on the laying out of irrigation areas and the application of water. Be fore lenving-Xew Smith "Wales Mr. Tolley and hia wife were 'entertained by the numerous public bodies with which they bad becu connected. Mr. Tojley aurveyed the site of tlie Lake Lonsdale reservoir, and was actively engaged in many Vic torian engineering schemes. . At a dispersal sale at Levin (N.Z.), the seven-year-old Ayrshire cow Mucsgwyn Princess, champion at the last Roy&l; Show, owned by T. Colpinnii, was sold to 0. Bailey, Huutly, for 505 guineas, which is claimed to be a record price for an Ayrshire cow. Ten Friosians in (he Btirnbank stud, Ber wick, averaged 18,2201b. milk, 0081b. fat foe nine months' lactation period. Of 20 cows with an average of over 15,000)b. milk, four have an average of over 14,0001b.; seven- have an average of over 17,0001b.; two have given over 21,000lb. each, while the whole. 20 average 5'23ll). fat in 273 days. The whole of the" milk from this befd is used for making cheese. A ease of Danish butter, shipped hy the Overseas Tanners' Federation, ' has been received by the Gippsland and Northern Co-operative (Jo. Ltd. It was reported to be in 'good condition on arrival. The case will be exhibited. - for comparison with' Australian and New Zealand butters, at" (he exhibition organised by the Australian Butter and'Cheese Factory Managers' and Secretaries' Association at the lloyal Agri | cultural Society's showgrounds on May 20. Scottish shorthorns are making good1 prices in'Fngland. At Banbury, in March, I la yearling bull, Haselor Butterscotch, sold for 1,000 guineas. • He is by Collynic Clip per Kjng. anrl was champion at the show.' |The reserve champion,'Nobold Conqueror,! .made-1,000 guineas, "Tlfcse two bulls were | bought for pxport.The average for 77 ! bulls was £8a/7/3. At the Perth shorthorn sale buyers from the Irish Free State were spirited bidders. \- Up to May 16 the Railways department had transported 12,560,500 bags of wheat to the seaboard for the current season, which commenced on December 16. This is an increase of 4,715,835 bags compared with the amount transported for the correspond ing period of the last season. The number of bags still at country stations at the close of loading operations on May 18 was 1,910,955. This shows the department to be in a much better position llian this time last year, when 2,653,713 bags had still to be transported. Wheat transported this season amounts to 43,504,950 bushels, ap proximately 12,000,000 bushels more than last year. On May 15, after a visit to the i soldier settlements on the irrigation areas, ( the Attorney-General of New South Wales (Mr. Bavin) said that the Ministry was I not able to carry out in full the recom mendations of the committee which re cently considered the indebtedness of the settlers. These recommendations would involve in many cases the Writing down of the indebtedness to an amount substan tially Jess than the present value of the improvements which had been made with money advanced by the Slate.. The settlers had assured him that lliey did not expect impossibilities. Mr. Bavin said that the leader of the Parliamentary1 ( Labour party (Mr. Lang) had promised (be soldier settlers very much, but all settlers should know that bis promises could not be fulfilled. The secretary of the Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales states that preparations for the annual sheep show, which opens on July 2 next, are well in hand. Last year's sheep show exceeded all previous shows,"and with the country enjoying such bountiful seasons it is con fidently anticipated that a new record will tye established this year. The sche dule of prizes lias been published and dis tributed amongst various breeders through out the Commonwealth and New Zealand. The sheaving classes, which were insti tuted in 1922, having failed to meet,with the support of breeders, have been struck out. Several new classes have been added, including one for pen of 10 fat merino yethers, any age. The usual sheep and cattle dog show and -sheepdog trials will be held in conjoin t ion with the sheep show. I'ntrios close for sheep oil Satur day, June 6, and for dogs and sheepdog trials oh Wednesday, June 17, . ' Wrrvibee Fancy Starbright (9255), a six vear-old Jersey ecnv in the herd of Mr. G. T. Chirnside, Lilydiile, as a heifer gave 9,5101b. milk in 302 days, and last year gave '9,6001b. in 284 da>s. She had twin calves last year, and again this year op April 17. By May -1 she was up-to 62}lh milk, 3.61b. fat in 24 hours. Her half sister, W. Starbright 9lh, won the three days' test at the Melbourne Royal .Show, in 1922, and gave in the Government herd test 10,2901l». milk, 5iH.Hl>. fat in 27.1 days. Throe of the progeny of W. Fancy Star bright. have realised 550 guineas. This is a tribute to the foundation stock used in this fitud. which included the two (anions imported bulls, Brighton King (100) and Lord Tw.vlihli 1158), both of whom have left stork of reiunrkable dairy quality. A granddaughter of Brighton King gave lH.lOPlb. tnilk, 8731b. fat in 363 days, in New South Wales; while Yivandierc Twy-| lish is a champion with 17,8201b. milk,) 1,0301b. fat in 365 days in New Zealand. A pure bred Large White sow, Cald more 'iopsie 4th, near Leeds (Kng.), has j)roduced 42 live pigs in' less than 12 months, of which she reared 35. Of the last litter of 17 her owner removed five, so that she actually feared 35 out of 37. There were 21 Russians on the Aki JIaru, which has.arrived in_Sydney from i hast. . None of these passengers are travelling to Victoria, t.They "state that on two steamers following tile Aki Maru there are many Russian refugees coming to Australia. The Italian steamer Palermo, from Genoa,! arrived at Brisbane with 31? immi grants on board. The newcomers will join their compatriots in the northern cane fields. The Palermo's cargo for Bris bane is stated to be the largest brought from Italy in any one steamer for many yea rs. ' " "The director of agriculture (l)r. Came • on), the other experts of the department, anu the producers do not consider that compulsory brine-cooling would improve the milk supply, and I do not intend to introduce the system," said the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Bdurchier) last week. During the week ended Mey 9,10,555 boxes of butter were exported from the Common wealth, 2,130 boxes being sent to the United Kingdom, and 8,525 boxejf going to other ports. Of (he total, 4,696 boxes went from New South M ales, 5,756 from Vic toria, 175 from Queensland, and 28 from Tasmania. During the same period 40 crates of cheese were exported, 33 from New South Males, and seven from Queensland. Replying in the , House of Commons to Mr. H. Day (Labour), the President of the Board of Trade (Sir P. Cuulifi'e-Lister) said that he had found no information war ranting the suggestion that a "ring" of London provision brokers was controlling imports of Australian butter and cheese. It Was understood^.thai a producers' board was being established in Australia, with representatives in London to supervise mar keting arrangements.'' " Vcstey Bros. Ltd.,' owners of the Blue Star line of steamers, have Jet a contract for the construction in Britain of eight new ships of from 12,000 to 14,000 tons at a cost of £2,000,000. The company gave substan tial preference over foreign tend era, and British shipbuilders will work at consider able loss to prevent the extension of unem ployment. The company intends to replace the steamers on the Argentine to London, chilled meat service with a modern fleet of express steamers. Mr. A. W. Jones, St. Albans, Geelong, reports having sold four young Friosian bulls, ono to Carwarp, and three to Cohuna. Two of the Cohuna sales were repeat orders. His imported American bull, Ivco Sylvia King Pontiac, lias sucb great daiiy records at the back of him that dairy farmers are attracted to the strain. The sire of his dam has 64 tested daughters to his credit, and his sire lias 36 tested daughters, one of which at two vears old gave 19,9401b. milk,-7231b. fat" in 305 days. ! At Scottish horse shows the classes for geldings attract keen competition, and a prize-winner can usually command'a high! I price. At the recent Glasgow Show, a com mentary on the administration of the j Horsebreeding Act in Victoria was offered by the prize for best three-year-old geld ing falling to a handsome brown horse named Intention, by The Inteut. The J Intent, it will be remembered, was brought out to \ ictoria, but was refused a cortiti-i eato, being" judged unsound, and likely to' beget unsound progeny. Quite a number of his progeny are already registered in i the Scottish Clydesdale Stud Book, audi this gelding which won first prize at Glas gow is described by "fanning News" as' having beautiful bone, with the finest of' feather, and "altogether an animal of the ■ best type." j At its meeting in March, the committee i of the Vietoriau branch of the Australian . Stud Pig Breeders' Society, with a view j to improving the pig- breeding indnsirv, • decided to subsidise five small agricultural'! societies- in Victoria each year, allotting' £10 to each society to be distributed in: prizes in the classes for pigs «t the Jis- < cretion of the agricultural society, provided that (he judge appointed be approved by tbe Australian Stud Pig Breeders' Society.1 At n -further meeting of the committee, i held on May 14, it was decided that as] insufficient applications had been received,,1 the time for receiving such applications; should be extended until May SO, and that l a ballot be conducted on June 1 to do-1 tennine which societies should be.sub sidised this year. Applications rikmld be Stud . Dig Breeders' Society (Victdriaa Branch), ColliiiB House, 3G0 Collins' street, Melbourne. " ' Killing was begun at Yestey's meat works, Darwin (N.T.), on May 15, skilled labour having arrived from Queensland on the previous day. . Although the works bad been idle for five years, the machinery is running sniootlily. The labour is satisfac tory. A Guernsey record has.been made by • cow, Lone Pine Mollie Cowan, with 15,928 ib. milk, 8401b. fat, at Hinsdale, Illinois (U.S.A.), She won first prize as a three year-old jit the National Show, in 1922, and sold in October for £3,000. British milk records have been broken by the Fricsian cow Findlay Clara 2nd, which lias produced 36,1101b. milk in 365 days. A year ago the same cow put up a butter record of 13711b. in 12 months. In 4J years, she has produced 93,2101b. milk, 3,8371b. butter. It has been decided" by the Country Roads Board to. declare the Melbourue Ballarat road a national highway. In many places the road-is in a bad state of repair, and it is estimated that an;expendi ture of many thousands of pounds .will be necessary to put the road in order., again. The road will probably be taken, over-at the end of the financial year. * v < ; A New Zealand Ayrshire cow, Bright Smile 4th of Greeuba.uk, owned by Mr. \V. Moore, of Masterlon, has averaged over 1121b. fat for three successive mouths. In one mouth she produced 1171b. fat, and for her first five clear months her fat pro duction was 5791b. Her milk production tor 166 days is 10,8551b. As a two-yeav old site produced 5201b. fat in 365 days, and it is anticipated that- she may -beat the record yield of 8941b. fat held by ^May. Mischief in North America. A conference of representatives.of five leading dairy breeds .'(Jersey, Guernsey, Fricsian, 'Ayrshire, and* Brown Swiss),at Washington, on February ?0, agreed to a . motion: "That the' representatives, of the dairy breed * associations here'. as sembled recognise the value of the ^05-day test with calving requirements for our breeds, and recommend' its general adop tion in the belief that the '365-day lest . will be ultimately eliminated." This is a ■ triumph for the principle advocated by - Victorian breeders of dairy cattle, and adopted in the herd tests. During the year 1924, a total of 17S head of pure-bred dairy cattle were exported from New Zealand, their entered total value being 6ome £S,635. Comparative figures for the previous year are 203 animals, and £S,C50. The values there fore remain about the same, although -the number decreased by 25. Among those'ex ported were several animals of high value, notably some Friesians from the studs of Mr. IV. D. Hunt and Mr. H. R. Green. The majority of the animals went to Aus tralia and to the Pacific Islands, and a few to South Africa and the Argentine. The Queensland Cabinet decided on May 13 to support the request of cotton growers to the Federal Ministry that: a bounty be paid iu order to establish the cotton industry on a sound looting. In making this announcement \he Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Forgan Smith) said that this, meant that if -the Commonwealth agreed — and be was given to* understand that it was favourably dis posed towards the proposal — then the State would relinquish control of the cot ton industry, and his department's activi ties would be confined to that assistant® given in geueral to agriculture. At a recent meeting of the Committee on Industry and Trade, held in London, to discuss the position of (be wire, wire net ting. and woven wire industry of Great Britain, the chairman (Sir Arthur Balfour) said that the industry had always .bee® subject to severe foreign competition. It was of long standing in the United King dom.- and had tended to develop as an in dependent industry unconnected with the suppliers 0f ntw material. In the cas® of other industrial nations, however, ukfenu faetnre of wire had developed as an'adjttnct to the , production oi steel. Funicular* were given of development iu the United States based upon the very large home demand for fencing, and in Germany, where, before the war, under the cartel system, a bonus of '20 marks a ton had boeu granted on capons. Consequently, British manufacturers had been compelled to specialise in quality and had to be content with a reiativoly small tonnage. In regard to foreign trade, in wire and wire netting, Sir Deter Ryiands. who submitted evi dence on the question to the committee, stated that , the industry in tlie United Kingdom depended upon exgttrt trade for .the disposal of itbout one-hs.j of its pro 