Racial Differences Long Hands and Round Heads "Not long before tlie war the rene gade Englishman Houston Chamber lain developed for the edification of the Kaiser and ills subjects tlio theory that nearly all tho great men of His tory. including tlie Founder of Chris- tianity, belonged to the Nordic race, a breed of supermen represented by tlie Germans and Scandinavians, and, with some dilution, by the English," writes Dean Inge in the ."Morning Post." "Anyone who knows tlie physical characteristics of the throe strains which make up the population of Europe can see for himself that tho Germans are not Nordics, but a mixed rand in which tho stocky, round-headed Alpine breed predominates. ' "Tlie purest Nordics are to be found in Sweden; next to the Swedes ,'.n racial purity come the Norwegians, Danes. Dutch, and English. Else where tlie Nordics arc an aristocratic type differing markedly from the masses, especially in the towns. "Has tlie Nordic race tlie superiority which lins been '.'laimcd for it? And are racial differences, apart from nationality, a very important factor in European history? Race and national ity are quite different things. Tlie only definition of a nation is a largo group of people who wish to belong' together. Tlio French, for example, are intensely national, but racially they belong to three different slocks. . "Mr. Lotlirop Stoddard, who is well known as a prophet of racialism ill tlie interpretation of history, has lately put his theory to the test by visiting almost every country in Europe, and lias given his experience to the world in a bril liant and extremely interesting book called 'Racial Realities in Europe.' It is, of course, a defence of a particular theory, which may be only one of several keys for unlocking tlie mys teries of national life; but I cannot doubt that tlio author has opened out a very fruitful line of study, and that the philosophy of history will in the future have to pay more attention to tlie factor of race than it lias dono hitherto. "Tlie main facts of race distribution are well known, and there is no longer any serious difference of opinion among experts. "Europe contains two long-headed racos, the Nordics and the Mediterra neans, and the one round- headed race, the Alpines. "The Nordic is tall and fair; .the Mediterranean shorter and more slen derly built; his hair and eyes are dark, his skin olive or swarthy. The Alpine is broad and sturdy, clumsily made, and usually dark. Tho Swedes, Spaniards; and Russians supply typical examples of these three types; 'though we must not select ah aristocratic Rus sian, who may be a pure Nordic,- nor the Mongolised type, . which is very common, as an impolite proverb about scratching a Russian and finding a Tartar indicates. "Dffereces of mind and tempera- merit, are" as well marked as variations in' height, figure, and colour. The Mediterranean is emotional, passionate, wanting in tenacity. He is sociable, but undisciplined, "and rarely founds a stable 'or strong government except under. Nordic leadership. He excels in the arts and in the joy of living. From various cftuses, the" Mediterraneans of to-day arc racially impoverished, and are sometimes, as in Portugal and South' Ireland, of very poor quality. "The Alpines are the typical . peas ants, sturdy, -tenacious, stolid, and un imaginative. They are not warlike, but have.a.glft -for, peaceful penetra tion, soaking in among Mediterranean populations and supplanting them. The Nordics have' conquered tliein, but have gradually been absorbed' by their dogged ' subjects. In Germany the Alpines haYc spread at the expense of the Nordics in France at the expense of the Mediterraneans. ' Both . countries are now pvetddomlriantly rorindheaded. The ruling class in an Alpine popula tion is seldom of the same breed as the ruled. I " '.'The ' Nordics ' are essentially a -riorthcrn race. They are distinguished by a restless creative energy, which carried them far to the south and east of their homes. Tlio Aryaii conquerors of India, I-Iomer's Acliafeans, the ruling class in ancient: Rome, the Franks and Normans, were all Nordics.' To-day their chief hope of racial predominance lies in the United States and in tho -British Dominions. The Americans have resolved, just in time, that they will not allow themselves to he swamped by alien immigrants. The Nortjic has political ability, and is too sensitive of his personal rights to tolerate tyranny, "Towards other races he Is proud and exclusive; he will not willingly mix. his blood with theirs. He loves good living, and is therefore a lilgh- standardd man— a doubtful advantage for his survival value. The Nordic is also penalised by Ills fighting qualities. In every war lie is the first to volun teer and the first to fall. Every great war has diminished the Nordic stock. Perhaps tlio three most disastrous struggles, from this point of view, wore the Thirty Years' War, the American Civil AVar and the recent Great AVar. "It is probable tliat the hatred of trie privileged class, which has several times led to violent revolutions, lias a racial origin. One of tho crie3 against the aristocrats in the French Revolu tion was "Sendi-them back to the Ger man marshes whence they came. And nothing delighted the small, dark mob who gathered around the guillotine more more then when the cxccutlonecr held- vin the head of a lady by lior long blond "hair. In Russia the aristocracy which has been massacred by tlio -Bol sheviks was largely of Nordic origin, and the same is true of Ireland. It has been proved that almost- every distin guished Irishman is of English or Scottish descent. "Mr. Stoddord's theory makes him a goad friend to this country He con siders that we arc a very homogeneous nation, since the Alpine roundheads are not represented in our population. Tills is tlie more curious, because there was once a round-headed race In Britain, who burled tlielr dead in round barrows, but they seem to have died out, after leaving (according to one theory) tho so-called Celtic language behind them. "The British, before the English conquest, lie regards as pure Mediter raneans, who made tlielr way far north of their usual Unfit, tempted by the nfildless of our climate. To me, how ever, It seems probable that these Medi terranean invaders amingled with an earlier Neolithic stock, of which no thing is known. Tlie island was in habited before the coming of the Medi terraneans; and tlie non-Nordic ports of the population, sueli as tlie Welsh, are surely different from tlie pure Southerners, sturdier in build, and un like in feature. Tho Nordic invaders, including tlio Normans, were all of kindred race, and fused readily with each other." "I entirely agree with Ills unstinted admiration of tlio three Scandinavian nations. He notices tlie for- soelng wis dom which prevented the Swedes from declaring war upon acceding Norway, a war which would have left botli at the mercy of Russia; the moderation of the Danes in claiming only the purely Danish part of Selffeswig- Holsleln, and tlielr good-natured concession of auto nomy to tlio 90,000 inliobitants of Ice land : and, lastly, the prudent states manship of tlie Swedes in not taking tlie purely Swedisli Alan Islands from Finland. They knew that a friendly Finland might be very useful to tliein in tlie future." , 