A Danish Immigrant's Fortune PASSES TO SCOTTISH EARL In 1835, friendless and practically without money, a young Danish lad nainedT Salting came to Australia. After a little while he started sheep farming and was successful. When the gold rush of 1851 came and galvanised the whole country, he joined in the rush. He was lucky and found gold. He then extended his scope of money-making. The cash he won from gold he investi ed in land, and with the enorm ous rises in values which followed; the opening up of the country the land proved a second gold mine for him. In 1857 he was a mil lionaire, and retired to live, on a beautiful estate which he purchased in Surrey, England,, where he lived until his death 'in 1865. He left his. vast fortune to his two sons, each of whom inherited over £1,000,000. His eldest son, William, whose widow bas just died, de parted this life in 1905, and left £991,324. His wjdow inherited this fortune intact. For 19 years she has lived quietly, and her vast capital, grew until at her death at the age of 74 the gross value of her estate is £1,868,184. George Salting, the younger son of the Danish emigrant, was a world-famous art connoisseur. He devoted his whole life to - col lecting objects of art. Society, luxury, travel, did not interest him. His art treasures were his only passion. He lived alone in a small set of chambers in St. James Street, London. He was a well-known figure-an insignificant» shabby- look ing man, who rode on omnibuses and j took his meals at cheap tea shops. - Om Ins death he beque*Mhed the greater part of his treasures to the National Gallery, the British Mus- : eum and the. Albert Museum. His ' vast fortune amounting to £1,348, 083\. he left to his 501606 (the onlyj child of his sister-in-law, Mrs. Mil-1 licent Salting) who had married Lord ? Binning, eldest son of the 11th Earl j of Haddington. The present Earl, 30 years of age, a son of Lady i Binning and grandson of Mrs. Salt ing on % the maternal side, and there fore great grandson of the old Dan ish emigrant, won the U.C. during, the war. He owns about 34,000 acres. He married, last October, Miss Sarah Cook, daughter of a Montreal (Canada) millionaire, and he now receives, under the will of his grandmother a fortune of about £1,000,000 as residiary legatee. The whole stroy, which is a True one, reads like a romance, showing as it does how the fortunes found ed by a poor Danish emigrant passed to tho family of a Scottish earl, and beat's an additional interest to the people of ¿he Gascoyne district in that we hav£, iu the person of Mr. Thomas Binning of Winderie Station, a representative of the Bin ning family above referred to. 