SUPERIOR RACE. The Fair Nordics. CONQUERORS AND RULERS. EUROPE'S THREE TYPES. ■ Not long before the war the rene gade Englishman Houston Uhnmber luln developed tor ibc- edilleation of the Kaiser and his subjects the theory that nearly all the great mtu of hia torv, Including the Foundei of Chris tianity, belonged to tbo Nordic race, a breed of superliumen represented by the Germans and Scandinavians, and, with eome dilution, by tho English," writes Dean Inge In the London "Morn lug Post." " Anyone who knows tho physical characteristics of tho three stratus which malto up tlio population of Europe'can see for himself that the Gormans aro not Nordics, but a mixed I raco In which the Btocky, round-headed | Alpine breed predominates. " Tho purest Nordics are to bo found In Sweden; next to the Swedes in racial purity come the Norwegians, Danes, Dutch, and English. Elsewhere tho Nordics are an aristocratic typo differing mnrkedly from tho masses, especially in tho towns. •' Has tho Nordic raco tho superior ity which has been claimed for iti And arc racial differences, apart from nationality, a very Important factor In European history 1 Raco and na tionality aro Quito different things. Tho only definition of a nation Is a largo group of people who wish to be long together. Tito French, for ex ample, aro Intensely national, but racl nlly they belong to three different stocks. long heads and ROUND ' HEADS. "Mr. Lotrop Stoddard, who is welt known as a prophet of racialism in tho Interpretation of history, has lately put his theory to tho lost uy visiting al most overy country in Europe,i '^! given his experience to the w'orldlna brilliant and oxtremely intcrcating book called "Racial Realities iu Eu rope." It is, of courso, a defenco of a particular theory, which ono of Boveral keys tor unlocking tho mysteries of national life; but I can not doubt that the author boB opened out a very fruitful lino of study, and mat the philosophy of history the futuro have to pay more attention to tho factor of raco than it has done h""The'maIn tncts of race distribution > nro well known, and there is no longer any aotlouB difference of opinion a,"E,fropXQPCcontainB two longheaded races, tho Nordics and the Mediterra neans, and tho one round-headed race, U'"ThoPlNordlc la tnll and rair: the Mediterranean, shorter and more slen derly, hullt; his hair and eyos nto dark,' hla skin olive or swarthy, Tho Alpine Is hroad nnd sturdy, ctumslly made, and usually dark. The Swedes, Spaniards, and Russians supply typi cal examples of these three types though wo must not select an nrlsto cratlc Russian, who may bo a pure Nordic, nor tho Mongolism type 1 which Is very common, as an Impoiue 1 proverb about scratching, a Russian and finding a Tnrtnr Indicates. ^ "Differences ot mind and tempera ment are as woll marked as vior a tions in height, figure, and coloi. The Mediterranean Is emotional, passlton ate. wanting In tenacity. I-Ic is so ciable hut undisciplined, and rarely founds a stahle or strong government except under Nordic leadership. lie excels In arts and in the Joy From various causes, the Meaner rnncans of to-dny aro racially impo verished and are sometimes, as in Portugal and South Ireland, of very | poor quality. PEASANT STOCK. "Tho Alpines aro tho typical peas aula, sturdy, tenacious, atond, and un luiag.native. Thoy ate not war-like, ' but have a gift lor peacotul penolra non, soaking in among Mediterranean populations, and supplanting them. ! The Nordics have conaucred them, : but havo gradually been absorbed by I their dogged subjects. In Germany | the Alpines have spread at tlio ox Ipenso ot tho Nordics; In Franco, at j the expense of tho Mediterraneans. I Both countries are now predominantly round beaded. The ruling class in <m Alpine population 1b seldom ot the same breed as the ruled. "TlnJ Nordics are essentially a nor thern race. They are distinguished by a restless creative energy, which carried them far to tho south and eaBt ot their homes. The Aryan conquer ors of India, Homer's Achaeans, the ruling class la ancient Rome, tho Franks and Normans, wero all Nor dics. To day their chief hope or rac ial predominance lies In the United States nnd in the British Dominions. The Americans havo resolved. Just in time, that they will, not allow them selves to he swamped by alien immi grants. The Nordic has political abil ity, and Is too sensltlvo of Ills per sonal rights to tolerate tyranny. "Towards other races he is proud nnd oxclusivo; he will not willingly mix his- blood with theirs. He loves good living, and Is therefore a high standard man—-a doubtful ndvantago for his survival valuo. Tim Nordic Is also penalised by. bis fighting quali ties. Iu .every war ho Is the first to volunteer nnd* the, first to fall. Every groat war has diminished the Nordic stock. Porhnps tho three most disas trous struggles, from tills nolnt of lew, wero the Thirty Ycnra' War, the American Civil War, and tho recent \ Great .War. j "It is probable that tho hatred of! tho privileged class, which bus several1 times led to violent revolutions, has a racial origin. One of tho erica against tho aristocrats in the French i Revolution was, "Send thorn bach, to tho German marshes, whenco they came." And nothing delighted tho small, dark mob who gathered around tho guillotine moro than when tho executioner held up the head of a lady by her long blondo hair. In Russia tho aristocracy which has been mas- > sacred by the Bolshoviks was largely of Nordic origin, and tho same is true j of Ireland. It has been proved that j almost every distinguished Irishman is of English or Scottish descent. "Mr. Stoddard's theory makes him a good friend in this country. Ho con* aiders that we are a very homogene ous nation, since the Alpino round heads arc not represented in our popu lation. This is tho more curious bo cuuso thoro was once a round-headed raco in Britain, who buried thoir dead in round borrows, but they seem to j havo died out, after leaving (accord ing to one theory) tho Bo-called Cel tic languago behind them. SCANDINAVIAN SENSE. "Tho British, before the English conquest, ho rogardo as puro Mediter raneans, who made their , way far north of their usual limit, tempted by tho mildness of our climate.' To me, however, it seems probable' that thoso Mediterranean invaders mln glod with an earlier Neolithic stock, of which nothing is known. Thd is land was Inhabited before the coming of'tho Mediterraneans; and tho rion Nordic parts of tho population, such I as tho Welsh, are surely different from ! tho pure Southerners, sturdier in build, and unlike in feature. The Nordic invaders, including tho Normnns, were all of kindred race, and fused readily with each other." "I entirely agree'with hin,unstinted admiration of tho throe Scandinavian nations. Ho notices the far-seeing wisdom which prevented the Swedes from declaring war upon seceding Nor-' way, a war which would have left both at tho mercy of Russia; the modera tion of the Danes in claiming only the purely Danish part* of Schleswig-Hol stoin, and their good-natured conccs- ( slon of autonomy to tho 90,000 inhabi tants of Iceland; and, lastly, the pru-. dent statesmanship of the .Swedes Jn not. taking the purely Swedish Alpn Islands from Finland. They knew that a friendly Finland might bo vory useful to them in the future." 