Mainly Melbourne From "Patricia™ MELBOURNE, Wednesday. Socially things are at a low ebb. It almost seems as though Toorak is reserving itself and its banking account for a wild onrush in July when the Americans will lie with us. Private hosts and hostesses iare being asked to take guests as wril as to provide entertainment, and so if Australians wish to show, hospitality in keeping with the dignity of their country, it is just possible that a little "cutting-down" is being tried. Added to which, of course,, there is a very large number of prominent Melbourne hostesses away in England. The Theatrical World. •Last week most-of the small parties were given in honor of Mrs. Guy Bates Post, who is visiting here with her. husband's company, which is now playing "The Green Goddess," which is, by the way a very cleverly composed melodrama and is certainly a decided change from dramatic fare provided by the charming Boucicaultsl On the comedy side, "So This is London," is haying an excellent reception, and is a! wholesome rest to the tired business brain. Alan Wilkie has decided to put on a few of the standard old. English plays such es "The School fo'r Scandal" . and "She Stoops to Conquer." In" this, it is said, he is considering his company by giving them a well-earned respite from their arduous Shakesperean labors. To return to Mrs. Guv Bates Post, the Austral Salon gave one party in her honor this week, at which the principal guest had a few complimentary remarks to pay. Salonites. Besides one or two private luncheons, *he was also the I guest at a delijitful afternoon party i on Sunday ,it Mrs. Louis Nelkin's house j in Toorak road. Mrs. Nelkin, by the way, is a daugiirter of the late Chit " 5 Justice of Victoria. P5r Jc.bn '!><'drr. She received her guests in a frock of black crepe-de-soie; with a tunic which was bordered with skunk, and a should- ! er posy of mauve orchids. Mrs. Bates Post wore a string colored . gown of crepe mariette. with a pleated an d flounced. skirt. She chose a large pictute hat in cocoa colored velvet with shaded plumes. The Bride Replies. The chief point of interest at the Pender- Tiiiey wedding last week was the excellent speech, in response to the clergyman's toast delivered by- the bride. Certainly the clever Westralian girl is an M.A.. but it was not on account of any educational. facilities that she undertook : this rather - unusual task, buii because her newly-made husband was almost unable to utter a sound beyond Oie essential "I wills"—as he was suffering from a severe attack of laryngitis. Still, all " the same, from the man's point of view, is not'exactly a good start. I think it might have been more discreet to have given some other "man the say. It is" so easy after this for a woman to continue "having the say," and taking the lead along the rest of life's matrimonial way, ' A Brilliant Woman. .Another brilliant - University woman, a Master' of. Science this time, has came to Melbourne with her husband. He is Professor .MacCallum, wh<S has Just been'appointed to the . Chair of Pathology at the University. She-was ;Miss Cross. of New Zealand, and her career has :been most interesting. She graduated at 22,' winning a-. Government research scholarship, when she Set forth through New Zealnd 011 ai. scientific quest, in connection with Xew Zealand flax' in an endeavor to ascertain and help to commercialise its - economic value. She -spent, three years iii that way. - She secured, years later, -her doctor's degree for a thesis written on this-subject'whic-h was sent to . England. At Cambridge University 'this clever girf did bacteriology, ^And -during 1 the war married another New '* Zealand scientist, Mr. Jennings who died, in France. Professor MacCallum .'and. herself have come recently from the Edinburgh University. There, are some little Mafes who slipuld be astounding scientists-some day. • ' They Come from N.Z. By the way, it is astonishing how many clever, women graduates come from New Zealand. A very notable one in the public 'eye- just now' is Mrs. Allen <"Vesta," of "The Argus"), who has' lust returned from representing. Australia . as a substitute delegate at the League of Nations. She is a Master of Arts at the New Zealand University as well as an LL.B., though she lias never practised law, but devoted herself .to Journalism. In Xew Zealand she was for some time reader writer for one of jfclie" dailies. She" gave an address last week before .the League. of Nations' Union. '• / _ An" Admirable Delegate." Quite candidly, I can say it was the most interesting address Patricia has ever heard from- any one delegate or substitute-delegate who has yet represented us at Geneva. Mrs. Allen must Aave studied considerably to have been in the position Jf -being able to .take up the thread as it were of the last Assemblp-sittings. -For it seems it is always difficult for a new representative to follow the proceedings with the same facility as do those delegates who have been attending every Assembly linee its inception. Australia's woman substitute delegate in last September could certainly give considerable information to more than one full. delegate on tlie male side, who has had the honor of attending on former occasions as one of Australia's chosen spokesman. One whom I can recall was, heard to lift his voice on the public platform after his visit to Geneva once I think and 1 once only. The influences that helped towards his selection originally were probably strong financial and commercial ones, and when one has listened to a delegate of Mrs. Allen's "intellectual standing one can readily understand that a "business" man, aS we know the term,' in this country, is not the type exactly that succeeds at Geneva Where men of the intellectual calibre of Lord Robert Cecil and Eart Balfour - count for eo much amongst the representative of the nations of the world. .1 Geneva Personalities. '•• A man 3i?:e Mr. Charlton, leader of the { Australian Labor Party, who is' a I genuine Pacifist, has his place 5 there: so has " Dr. Nansen, the ""'-•• idealist, i. who-at : times bccocies astonishingly practical:.! but the business mac, or most of h?s kind, knows instinctively . that Gehevi is not his millieu. - Of her women colleagues at. ilie Assieinbiy of last year, Mrs. Allen gives rather fascinating verbal vignettes—ir. which, by the way. one' sees the value of t!ie trained mind combined with the training of a successful Journalist, when she comes on to the platform to deliver, the, goods. • Jldile. Vacaresco, the Roumanian dele-gate, was attached to. the .Ttouinaniafn Embassy "in Paris for- some years. She wears most wonderful '. pearls, which were the gift of the King of Koumania before it" 'became such a distressful coujitry—he who Tvas/t-he Jiusbajid of Carmen Sylva. This . charming Mdlle. Vac-Fresco was a maid of' honor to Roumania's tjueen-poetess, asd is lierself a picturesque and versatile verse-maker. Mrs! Allen says the pearls were so large and- so -wonderful .that for some time she doubted their value. For the reEt of her fcn,i ni«e colleague? Mrs. „ remark s, "t5 lc others were ?!1 nlain d midd| e. ageiJ,» What W ;omen Delegates Do. AH the wOmeii sit on the fifth committee, which-'is concerned with the' opium traffic,-'traffic in women and children, and some .extent hygiene and refugee pr-oblenis. . Two of the otheiwomen, the Norwegian 1 and Danish I think, have the honor. of • sitting on "mixed" committees; One which deals with the mandated territories, and another on the committee which dealt -With the organisation^ of intellectual work. Most that I have -just touched upon was from the woman's .point of view, but I can assure you that her address on the broader issues and world problems was to me. at any rate.' of absorbing interest. I have heard at various times the majority of the delegates—men—who have bet® Australia's representatives at the five Assemblies, and certainly all the women, substitute delegates, and none have impressed, me as having the crip and knowledge of the work and workings as did this' lady. She sets a high standard for fhe -women, who .will have the honor to'follow her. Quality, : Not Quantity. Bather'does it seem to;be, aEter view ine the photographs of Czecho-Slovatoans and other .similar wild-lookmg men from nearby, that- it is the .quality., to. which we must take very stroiig eKeption Some that I have seen front that far-ott conntrj- have looked fit Hov "treasons, stratagems, and epoils." 5 Then, also, we" nught the Australian Women's Association" and otha: similar bodies of women complain that we are not getting more British settlers. A very live wort for. anv women's organisation in Australia would "be that of immigration. . J;iie women's section of political organisation should certainly nail it to then- procramme. This was the resoluton_earried by this particular body of Australian-born women": "That this .conference riews with-alarm the influx pf^mmigiante of foreign nationality, and urges the Government to make provision which wiU ensure that only those from- the United Kingdom or.other parts of the British Empire be allowed to settle in Australia/' Which is all very pataotic and equally conservative when heard by some of the inhabitants of European countries, with . their teeming mJlhoni3, , who are straggling for breathing space, if. really want Britishers we must show our. sincerity bv getting them quietly,. and seeing that our Governments make immi- 7Tr_ 0.1.-,-t M-r . It is.quite gration. their, dection cry. interesting to" notice similar xesol u- ^te jdenticaV coming this time from Queensland—fl'om some tu toe sugar tricts — ,, Ausfaalian T tai; ali worker* calling out gainst the Italian infius of sugnr- pane wprkere. Women in Politics. Then we come to the seventh annual conference of the women's section of the Victorian Farmers' Union. An agenda pauer, which both by its.choice, and its manner of dealing with it reflects very; great credit on the country women of Victoria. They dealt mti railway matters, child labor on-dairy farms, matcrnitv wards, and imported egg pulp in a systematic and practical way. . In fact, for use®, practical, and intelligent politics, they appear to. be able to ?ive men's apolitical organisations many lessons; " Lady Masson,. who has just re-, ttirned fi-oci Knglantl," and who 2= president of the Jfew Settlers League, addressed "the conference, and after hearing her, members, came to the conclusion that an efficient woman with, a practical knowledge of tie country should be attached to the staff at- Australia House,- in order to interview all those migrating to Australia as domestic helps. , s \ Housewives Active. • Mrs. Glencroee, on behalf of the Victorian "housewives, announced at the monthly meeting of the Ivauhoe Housewives that when the 1 ederai Parliament meets she and'her colleagues intend to hold a'campaign, against " the sugar agreement. " She-'-also means to try to 'get representation on the proposed Milk Board:. Miss Madeline Murray,, wao is senior woman inspector in Victoria for the Children's" Welfare. [Department, is on a tour of inspection in Canada and England to learn what is being done in that particular department overseas. 'Already Ehe finds that the Mothers' Maintenance Act of this State is ;.head oi any country she has yet visited. She is disgusted at the number of wealthy middie-class English -women whe . prefer to adopt dogs in preference to babies. 