My History of England: Vol. I. :: A Reply BY H>&JMRK; fl I OC In tbe courteous and friendly, but fcdverse criticisms which FatherThurs- |on has written bpon my History of England, he has brought charges fcgainst it which fall, I think, under these heads: First. It is intemperate. That is, it exaggerates a certain historical view; to wit, 'that England has, like every province, of our Roman civiliza tion, continuity with her remote past. Second. It is in conflict with the views of many famous scholars from the other side of the controversy. Third. It is, in a number of speci fic points, unhistorical : saying things which the long research of impartial men has proved untrue. May I crave some small part of your space to reply as briefly as I can to this criticism? \ It is clear that the third heading is the most important, and the only one to which direct answer can be made; but I owe it to my book to reply briefly to the first two. That the bofc is intamparate. One of the two mam theses of the origin of England is true: either England is, in the main, a place inhabited from before recorded tune by much the same stock, Mii'iected to full civilization <ilt the hands of the Roman Empire, and thereafter modified (like other pro vinces through a change of the old society during the third, fourth and fifth centuries;' or England was the one and only province of 'the Roman Empire in which there really was (what certainly never happened elsewhere) a conquest by Germans — and pagan Germans at that — who there established their race by largely exterminating the native race; and with that race, their names. Such conflicting historical theses are not like abstract truths. They deal with tbe innumerable concrete com plexities of human life and are sub ject to a manifold modification. But in the main, one or the other thesis colours all our conception of English men and their works. I have main tained the first thesis. Have I — within my limits— exaggerated it? I think not. I admit severe material destruction during the pirate raids; the obliteration of bishoprics in the East; Britain reduced (between the middle of the fifth century and the seventh, to a chaos of little shifting districts under local kinglets. I make out a much worse ease than does the average official Teutonist historian, who magnifies these petty rulers. But I point out that the disaster, grave as it was, could not have destroyed the people and did not as a fact destroy tin towns which are found again (all but two or three standing after the disaster as they stood before. I make out a much worse handling of Britain by the barbarians than ever Gaul had and with much more lasting results, but to emphasize the truth that, in spite of this, the Roman foun dation of Britain remained and is the main factor, T pur that truth strongly and emphatically as it must be put to readers unfamiliar with St: but not warped by misproportion. It is not intemperate to pu'! a point of view strongly and definitely. It is intemperate to put it mi: of proportion. If I say the recen4 war wa> "horrible," "abominable," I am not intemperate; I am accurate. But if I «ay, "upon the whole we may conclude, after a general review of the evidence, that the European war of 1914-18 was somewhat irksome" my statement is grossly intemperate. y statement are in conflict with the views of many famous aoholarc up on the other side of the oontrovorsy. Of course they are! You can always draw up a list of famous scholars upon the official side of any contro versy. But when such a list is pre sented as an argument the opponent replies: (ij No matter how laborious the work of a scholar or how famous, its value depends, as does that of the humblest man, on evidence and rea son; (ii; The scholars within any particular school conform to its fashion and hold a brief for their school — otherwise they would not be members of it. You musit determine the general soundness of a school be fore you can weigh the value of its advocates; t,iii; Even that scholarship which exhibits all the knowledge re quired and reasons justly, has author ity only in its own iield of scholarship; not outside that field. Harriack has authority when he dis cusses the Greek of a text, but not when he says that it has not the spirit of an eye-wi'; ness. On that point any man can judge as well as he. With so much said on the two general points, Jet me turn to the much more important one of specific state ment; for under this third head defin ite answers can be given and at the same time they illustrate the weakness of the Teutonic school and its official advocates. I make these specific accusations of unhistorical statement to be fourteen in number. t. 1 am wrong in saying that re venues from land were collected over gr--at distances in the transition of the dark agM. 2\. In saying that the Saxon Shore meant a strip garrisoned by Saxons. 3\. In saying that the semi-civilized west (Gaul and Britain) previous to the Roman conquest, had urban life. 4\. In saying that the numbers of the North Sea pirates must have been small compared with (the large num bers of Roman citizens in Britain (which I estimate at, aay, five or six millions) . 5\. In failing to appreciate Bede's al lusion to the desert condition of Old Anglia. 6\. In saying that the slaves of the period of the pirart.es raids were a large majority of the population. 7\. In saying that the term "gewissae" was a British and not a Teutonic term. 8\. In missing the great importance of Caedmon's language, which proves the spread of the fo-called Teutonic dialects over Britain. 9\. In saying that the early laws of East England were presumably first set down in Latin. 10\. In not seeing that place names all over England prove the universal spread of a German race from over- 11\. In not admitting that the Anglo- Saxon conquest of Britain was snmp_ thing quite different from the Frank- i-h conquest of Gaul. 1 2. In accepting Wiener on the "Co dex Argenteus" of Upsala. 13\. In using the word "jargon" of the dialects spoken by the pirates and in their settlements. 14\. In saying that the Roman villa remained the unit throughout the Dark Ages. 1\. That the property of the greatest holders of land — t.he great monasteries, the bishoprics, the royal families, etc.! was. widely scattered, and their re venues conveyed over great distances, is surely a commonplace of history. I have only to quote <the Merovingian "villae" scattered over all Northern and Eastern Gaul, the still wider dis tribution of the house of Aqpulf, the Papal estates in Sicily, the endowment of any great monastery — for instance, St. Denis, near Paris, drawing dues from Sussex. 2\. In the matter of the Saxon shore, tbe view that it means "shore garris oned by Saxons' is merely common sense. It migfot conceivably mean, of course, "A shore garrisioned against Saxons." But why should the ordinary meaning of such a phrase be rejected for so unlikely a meaning? We know that Saxons were taken into the army like other barbarians. We know that their neighbours the Franks were used in exactly this way against their fellow Franks who threatened to raid into the civilized part tiis side of the Rhine. Further, we have, on the eonrtinental Saxon shore, a little group of "lieims" and "hem's" exactly corresponding to such a settlement. Everything points towards the ordinary sense of the \v< I'd >. and nothing towards 'the strain ed sense %\\-liich the Teutonist school ha- put upon it. If Haverlield or Hodg- km can quote real evidence upon their >)de it would be another matter, but they Jo not attempt to do so; and that for the simple reason that there is none. I am referred to Stevenson in the "English Historical Review," 1899. All he says is that he doesn't like the idea and that ft is rejected by his school. But that isn't argument. What argument, what statement of fact, or inference, is there to pu't against the plain Latin, "Litus Saxonicum" mean ing "Shore with Saxons on it?" 3\. The authority of Haverlield is again quoted against there being re gular towns in Gaul and Britain pre vious to the Roman conquests. But Haverfield gives no /evidence. It is merely the refusal of a scholar with strong anti-Roman prejudices to ac-- cept contemporary evidence. I prefer documents and the witness of the people of the 'time. If there were no towns in Gaul and Britain (surely a monstrous supposition!; why does Caesar specifically speak of them over and over again? Why does he speak of Bourges in particular as a very wealthy and important town ? Why does he talk of Chartres as a religious centre? Why convene a meeting art Paris? If there were no towns before the Roman occupation in Britain, what were those mints in which the British gold coinage was struck? And how comes it that in the very days of the occupation you find Colchester in full swing and turned into a Roman colony? Or how is Chester made a base during the progress of the conquest? Or how come it that London is already a town of great importance, filled, as a con temporary says, with a "vast" con course of merchants and shipping? I should rather give the denial of urban life in pre-Roman Gaul and Britain as an extreme example of the length to which an academic school can go in the face of every fact and every pro- uatJiit iy. 4\. The small numbers of pirates and the large numbers of Roman citizens in fifth century Britain. The number of pirates cannot pos sibly have been large, because the average ship used only held anything from 'thirty to fifty fighting men. Even much later, when the barbarians had learned far more about ship building, the very largest ship only held eighty fighting men. A fleet of many hun dreds of ships did not give more than the strength of what to-day we call a division; and as for bringing over a population rto be counted by hundreds of thousands, with their provisionment, their young children, their women, their slaves — the thing is manifestly absurd. There was some immigration in one particular case, that of the Angles; irt was on a fairly large scale — some few thousands — accupying the North Eastern strip of coast. But that it was anything like a movement of millions — or quarter millions — is phy sically impossible. To this general argument — which is sufficient — I have added 'the analogy of the Danish in vasions, when there was never a ques tion of more than a few thousands. I further cite the legends in Bede and the mythological early "chronicles" which — for what they are worth — in variably speak of quite small numbers of boats; and to this we may add the lack of all intercourse between the two sides of the sea when theRirst raids were over. They were dashes for loot, soon exhausted. As to the fact of Roman Britain containing some millions of citizens (I Miouiu say irom live io six millions certainly not less than four , there is in the absence of positive statistic) in the first place the common sense of ' the tiling. It is common sense 'thaj- high civilization with a large area arable soil at its command, should HH fairly filled up. The burden of proo lies with those win. would show that it was half <l.o -tJ. We have the num ber ol' towns; the grcar network of road-: the presumable old scheme of twenty-six Bi-l.oprics; the actual se venteen Bishopries of St. Theodore; the -chenie proposed by Rome to St. Augustine: the "Tribal Hidage"; the statistics of St. Wilfrid's Grant; the analogy of Gaul; the large local le vies. AH point in the same direction and -uggest a continuous population for this island, subject to certain fluctuations, but normally more than four and less 'than six millions, when it was mainly agricultural. I am fa miliar with the argument from Domes- aay and have dealt with it at length in my forthcoming second volume. It must suffice here to say that Domes day is no more a census than Brad- sbaw is a gazetteer. What Domesday does give us, unmistakably and fully, is the land under the plough: and that is not far short of the average of the late seventeenth century. 5\. I norted Bede's allusion to the De sertion of "Old Anglia": that Bede al ludes to the fact that in his own time a small district (with a Roman name — "Angulus" — the "Angle" of the Danish Chersonese) was said to be de populated and (that the Angles (of whom he was one) had come from this little corner to Britain. I do not, of course, believe that the "Angulus" was left entirely deserted, and Bede only speaks of its depopula tion (whatever <the degree of that de population was) as rumoured; how ever, the popular story has some value as evidence of a considerable displace ment. But from how large a district was that displacement and how many came over from a district certainly not one hundredth of Britain in area and wretchedly poor in soil? They held but a narrow strip of English coast. Up to within a generation of Bede's own life, Welsh kinglets had won a victory upon the shores of the North Sea Again, within twenty years of his bush, they came right up to the North Sea for a second time. It was thought | a mighty feat when the Anglian kinglet rm 3 , mUCh lat8r t0 eaptnre : Welsh district of Leeds. The . Anglian centres were on or near the coast, notably Bamborough. Every- - I thing points to a comparatively small force (but still one more homogeneous than in othr M?\inigKetlled this strip and tha I have said in my history. Only, I must deny that it had the least chance J of getting far west and establishing 1 dominion but for the ordering power 1 of the Church. I I 6. The number of the slaves. If the | slaves were no»t a majority ofxthe popu- (lation, how is it that all antiquity -talks of them in these terms? How is it | that the great Gaulish estaites are tilled ! by slaves? Whence come the dater \ serfs or villeins? We have one definite i piece of British statistic; the grant to St. Wilfrid. Thre you have 250 adult slave- distributed o\er an area of 87 » farms 120 acres arable each — let alone their families. Mr. Chadwick is quoted a-'ainst me as an authority. He ; lia> done ewrythina possible to strain thai evidence against its natural in terpret af ion. init I find nothing con- vinrnig in what he wriies: it is mere atlinualion and a pious hope that the slaves were here exceptionally nu merous. He brings forward no other argument? The text is plain; and if one goes upon its evidence, without forcing it to fit a theory as Mr. Chad wick does, it is clear that the slaves were a very large majority of 'the po pulation: 250 adult men and women, say 700 souls, on 87 not large farms: : and after all, that is what one would g&iexpect; of farms under slave labour. -Vould not 87 such farms have on them (a "i "")ay at least 700 men,' women and w v' j/dren of the wage earning class? Gewissae. I, of course, long ago, Bread Stevenson's insufficient note on W this word in my Asser which I have in his edition) . Here, again, it is a case of a perfectly clear contemporary text as against Teutonist special plead ings, attempting 'to give the text some thing other than its natural meaning. Asser (who makes a point of giving the British names of men and places, side by side with the Teutonic names) tells us clearly that the people later called West Saxons were originally called by the Welsh "Gewissae." Ge wissae was the older Britisb name for the people of a district which later, as the Teutonic dialects spread, came to b-e called "West Saxon.' All Ste venson can bring against this strong contemporary statement that Gewissae was a British term is a late spelling of the word, in which the "G" is softened into "I." He assumes from this that the original "G" was an Aspirated Teu tonic "G," not a hard Welsh "G." Then why did Asser say that the Bri tons used the hard "G"? It is as though fifteen hundred years hence a man were to say 'that Montreal was not seventeenth century French in origin because, in 1900, it had come to be pronounced in America "Mongreawe." 8\. Caedmon used Teutonic Speech. Of course! But where did Caedmon come from? From that very narrow east coast strip of which I have spoken. If Caedmon had come from Lancashire or from the Midlands there would be something in 'the argument. But com ing from where he did, there is nothing in it. Everyone admits that this strip of coast had Teutonic speech by Caed- mon's time. My whole thesis is that the Teutonic speaking belt was narrow and would never later have spread its language over the island but for the in fluence of the Catholic Church in com munion with Rome. 9\. Liebermann and the original lan guage of the early laws. Here again we have the citation of a Teutonist who (of course) makes every effort to prove an unnatural case. But what does his assertion weigh? We have no dlreot proof whether these early laws were first written down in Latin and then translated into local dialects or firsit written down in the local dialects and then translated into Latin. What we have got is abundant analogy, and behind it the elementary social fact .that thoeople who did the writing nly people who could write: tht/Hf jlbpeaking and Latin using -oIerg£aftn was overwhelmingly the icommonest official (language until a much later date, "the formulae, in every other document we can test, are clearly Latin formulae translated into dialect: in vastly the greater part they are Latin formulae which people did not even take the trouble to translate. (In the case of all other barbaric laws we know that Latin was the common form. If we find Latin as the original of all parallel documents; if we know thai the people who drew up the docu ments were Latin using and Latin speaking; if we remember that Latin was (the civilized language, and the united language, the medium of all Western Europe at the what con- clusion can we come to, in reason, but that which I have maintained? To wit, that the laws of a tiny district like Kent were drawn Up in Latin by Latin using clerics and then put into the local "pa tois" for the benefit of those to whom thejwould apply. 10\. Place names. This is the one solid fact, and the only solid fact, on the Teutonist side of the discussion. But when one considers Europe and history as a whole it is manifect that place names follow a fashion of exist ing language, while often betraying a stratum of older language. In other words, place names are not a function of race but of tongue, as it spreads and changes. If anyone doubt this, let him consider the following list: Lewes, Hamsey; Coombe, Kingston, Iford, Swanborough, Houndean, Sou'thover, Glynde, Glyndebourne, Mount Caburn, Ranscombe, Cliff Hill. I have here taken a list of place names (names of villages, farms, woods, etc.) from a small district which a Teutonist must regard as be ing wholly settled, if no other were, by the barbarians; a maritime colony of Sussex — the Ouse valley below Lewes. Look at (these names. You may say on reading them, "Five of these names are clearly aboriginal, another six have become Teutonic, and two, or perhaps three, are a mixture of the two." A Teutonist might add, "There you have a good example of an invading race settling down and mix ing its place names wi'fh those of the conquered." Very welj. But take another mari time district, which no one has ever maintained to be settled during the Anglo-Saxon raids; I mean the distant western district of the Lower Dart valley, round Dartmouth. Look at this list. Stoke Fleming, Pound House, Warfleet, Woodbury Farm, Old Mill Creek, Fire Beacon Hill, Dittisbam, Coombe, Kingston, Lapthorne, Bugford, Norton, Ash, Milton, Wheatland, Red Lap, Downton, Blackpool. It is exactly the same as the first, except that the proportion of Teutonic names is rather larger. In some cases you have identically the same words, e.g., Kingston. The Teutonist faced by this list of place names, wholly English, but yet belonging 'to a district which was certainly aboriginal and un- conquered upon any theory, may take refuge by saying that it is near the sea and may have received some unre corded pirate settlement. Well, then, what about this list, from the immediate neighbourhood of Ta vistock, well within the old Cornish boundary: a place over which there was not even nominal West Saxon Govern ment until the eighth century. Whit church, West Down, Wringworthy, Newton, Abbotsfleld, Three Oaks, Kil- worthy, Heathfleld, Hardwick, Bushford Hazelden, Passwell: are they not Eng lish? You will find such names all over the map of England: East and West in differently. It is because the language gradually became of one kind. You find this not only in England but every where, throughout the world, wherever a language has spread. Within a short walk of one centre in a rural district of Champagne, which I know well, you have the following list, in which every name is Italian in origin. Why? Be cause the Latin language spread (Continued on Page 50). my HMTomr op ii« awn (Continued from Page 9.) throughout Gaul. Petit Loges, Grand Loges, St. Hil&ire;, Beaumont, Villers, Sept Saulx, Mont de la Croix, La Veuve, Foutane, Ejiine. Does anyone pretend on the basis of French place names nut the Gauls were exterminated and ha' Italian? took their place? J I. Chadwick says that the Anglo- Saxon conquest M Br. tain was liferent from t tie - Frank : « h conquest of Gaul. It whs: for th»»re was so:. idling like qust certain narrow str.ps of Fa-tern Britain, bu: there was nothing ot on que st in Gaul. Clovis and his father before him were Roman gene rals. and the little army of Clovis com prised, after his tussle with another General. Syagrius, not only his own few. original, troops from Tournai but those of Syagrius as well. Clovis had the whole population of Gaul on his side; his monarchy was popular; and it was with great French levies, not w:th a handful of his own Flemings, that be ousted the heretic rule from the 5outh. lit. Wiener's argument fixing a late date for the Codex of Upsala. This is a point of really first rate importance and worthy of an article to itself. I am told that I ought not to have admitted this argument, because the learned Bradley had destroyed it, and a reference was given to Bradley's article in the "English Historical Re view."' I should add that Mr. Ramsay Muir in a violently adverse criticism of my book in the "Westminster Gazette/' has used exactly the same argument (if argument it can be called;. He told me that Bradley had rejected Wie ner's thesis on the Codex and that therefore the matter was settled. I confess that I am bewildered by such statements. Bradley did not gefute Wiener; he made no attempt to meet Wiener. He wrote about one foolscap page of abuse in which there is not so much as a mention of the Codex of Upsala and left it at that. I would beg all my readers <to con sider very carefully this sort of "auth ority' 'on a point of capital importance to European history, the date of the Codex Argenteus. This Codex is the great authority for an imaginary early German tongue. On it all the main references to early German, to a pure German tongue not yet subject to Ro man influence, are based. Wiener has advanced certain definite and powerful points which should convince any im partial reader that the Codex cannot be earlier than 716, and is more probably somewhat later and of Carol ingian date. Wiener's points are as follows: t i? The ascription of an early date to the Codex has been due to a super ficial resemblance between it and the Brixianus, but a close examination of the writing shows thai it is in quite a different penning from that of the Brixianus, while it deaa closely re semble the texts of Tbeodolphus of the ninth century. The letters are what is technically called "full"; in the Brix ianus they are not. In the Theodol- phian M88. they are. (ii) The Codex of Upsala is orna mented with two cbaracterietic marks through oat, (a) the lines enclosing the canonical numbering, (b) the four round arches. Both these character istic ornamentations are Carolingian in the West (the earliest specimen, however, 716); though earlier speci mens of one of them have been found in 8yrlac M88. No one can read arguments of that hind without feeling the conviction they carry with them. If we are dis puting whether a painting on wood be of the seventeenth century or modern work, a superficial examination of the wood, finding it to be oak, would tell one nothing of the date. But a more careful examination, showing it to be what is called "three-ply" i.e., an oak veneer combined with other wood in a fashion unknown before the nineteenth century), would be conclusive. The picture could not possibly be seven teenth century, and must necessarily be a modern one. Now that is what Wiener has done with the Codex Ar genteus. How does Bradley meet this? Very simply: by not saying a word about it. There is not in Bradley's brief abuse one line or one word which e\en discusses the crushing argument of Wiener agam»t the traditional ante dating of the Codex of Upsala. Yet this discovery is of the very first mo ment to European history; for upon the Codex of Upsala reposes the whole fabric of an imaginary early German grammar and vocabulary, prior to the effect upon the German dialects of the high civilization which so greatly af fected their vocabulary later on. I repeat; Wiener not only in my judgment, but in the judgment of any one who will follow without prejudice his detailed argument, has destroyed the false date of the Codex of Upsala, and with it destroyed the huge unreal structure based upon it. Why not meet him? Why refer those who agree with him (as I do) to mere abuse of him, or to other writings of his which have nothing <to do with the matter? io. i mil uiamea ior using tne wora "jargon" of the German dialects in the fifth and sixth centuries. It seems to be exactly the word to use. A jar gon may be defined as "some current form of speech not fixed by a literature and of heterogeneous origin — floating, changeable"; and that is exactly what the dialects of the barbarians on the limits of the Empire were, as you can see by any number of evidences, of names, and of vocabulary, of differen ces in pronunciation, and the resit of it. 14\. I am told that I have disregarded Maitland's "argument" against the continuity of the villae in England; I am given the well worn reference to "Domesday Book and beyond." But the reference has no weight; it deals only — (and in two lines!) — with the argument from place names, which I have already dealt with. The phrase used by Maitland is that it is "Incred ible that the bulk 'of the population should have bean of Celtic Mood and yet the Celtic names should disappear." It was incredible to Maitland, defend ing, of course the official academic position; it is not incredible to the or dinary reader using his common sense. There is nothing incredible to me in believing that the French are not Italians, although most of their place names are Italian; in believing that the negroes 01 Georgia are not wnite men, although they use the language of white men; in believing that the Irish are not English, although they use the language of the English. Place names commonly — not always, but commonly — are modified with the modification of language. That the dialects of the East Coast belt spread westward cannoi be ac counted for by mere miraculous exter mination at any time, and not even the most extravagant would dream of talking of such conquest or exter mination, after the eighth century. Yet the Eastern languages spread, and we have to look about for some force to account for that Western diffusion of the Eastern tongues. I answer — what surely should be apparent to everyone 1 with a general knowledge of early Europe— that there was only one foroe capable of doing this: a force corres ponding in the sixth, seventh and eighth centuries to the force of indue- ' trial capitalism and banking finance , to-day. That foroe was the Catholio Church. After the voluntary isolation of the Western bishoprics by their refusal to set with the Pope, the Catholic Church 1 dearly plumped for the Eastern Courts, the Eastern laws and the Eastern lan guages; and il waaunder the influence of the Catholic Church that the rule of those courts and the use of their lan guage gradually spread. lit was mainly because Winchester was orthodox while Dumnonia was in schism that the Court of Winchester took over the pivot point of Glaston bury, advanced to the Exe, and gradu ally to the very limits of Cornwall. It was because Winchester was orthodox and North Wales schismatic that the language of the East Coast strip aifd its rule advanced at ta&L; over Lanca shire to the Western sea. If anyone can euggest another force comparable to that of th_e-£hurch in England between 650 an<| 800, its claims may be considered. But I know of none. HILAIRE BELLOC. 