The Great American Fleet — Why? (By C. A. JEFFRIES.) During the last ten years the United States has spent on naval appropria tions the colossal sum of £1,396,12S, 3S9, and, as a result, has a fleet of eighteen battleships, three aircraft car riers, two of which are not yet com pleted, ton light 'cruisers (excluding eight rated as obsolete), 103 destroyers, six mine-iayers and miscellaneous sub marines and auxilliary craft. ' . For what? The United States have practically no ocean commerce to protect and the only overseas possessions are Hawaii and Philippine Isles. These is no possible enemy on the Atlantic Coast, unless by some stretch of imagination tlie British Navy can be construed as such — which is the height of absurdity. On the Western, or Pacific coast, the only possible enemy is Japan, which is 3,400 miles away from even Hawaii. No Japanese fleet would be likely to steam that distance to give battle to an American squadron based at Hono lulu, as to do so would be to invite disaster.' If the Japanese were mad enough to do anything of the sort, any- invest ment of the elysian isles could bo made impossible' by the presence of a few score of submarines, and the chief ports could be defended by guns of position and of such weight that no wrashtp would dare to approach. Reverting to The Atlantic, it is in conceivable :that any United States politician can possible regard the Brit ish fleet as a menace. The British flatly decline to lie worried by the fact that the United States is creating an overwhelming Atlantic fleet, and, in fact, rather welcome it', on' the ground that if the United States has a strong fleet in that gloomy ocean it makes it unnecessary for Britain to have one. There is no logical reason for the Americans to have spent such tre mendous sums on a navy, as they have no genuine reasons for possessing any navy at all. Why Britain must have a Fleet. To tho British Commonwealth . of Nations a strong navy is indispensable, as the Empire depends upon its sea communications for its economic life.' That navy inust be strong enough to' cope with 'any possible combination' which might suddenly seize control of the sea, and by blockading Britain fori ten or twelve weeks, starve- the United Kingdom into ' submission to a: dis-; graceful peace. . ' All Europe recognises that'- the British Navy is .for Defence and . not Offence. The British have not had, since the days of the Plantagariets, any territorial designs on the mainland' of Europe, whilst, on the other hand, Spain, France, Holland, Denmark and Germany have, at various times, built up great navies with the intention ' of' sweeping 'the English from the seas. The fact . that ' tho Spanish, French,' Dutch, Danish, and German fleets have: all succumbed to the -British, fleets has never been followed by any attempt on tho part of the victors .to annex any: portion of the niainland of Eu'ropp, with the . solitary, exception i.of that tiny point, Gibraltar, taken by Admiral Rooke in 1704, and retained solely be cause it commands the entrance to the Mediterranean. ' In 1719 the English captured the town of Vigo, in North west Spain, but returned it .with tho cessation of hostilities. In 1801 tho English captured Copenhagen, - and occupied most of Denmark, but in stead of annexing the country the British army helped ? the - Danes to gather the harvest, and withdrew. From 1S09 to 1813 a British army was in possession of Spain, but after emptying out the French, withdrew and handed back the Spanish their country. Although for centuries the British naval power lias been overwhelming, none of the Continental nations, many of whom have extensive -mercantile marine fleets, have not, for over 100 years, had any, reason to apprehend in terference ' from tlie British navy, which as acted as the police of the seas. Portugal, Spain, Holland, Bel gium,' France, Denmark, Sweden, Nor way, Italy and Greece have all re garded the British navy as a protect ing power. ;Only Germany .regarded it as dangerous, and in 1914 challenged it, with disastrous' results' to the Ger man Navy, which finished it inglorious -career' at' the bottom of Sea pa Flow. ? ''As regards the United States, the British by Treaty subjected their es sential fleet to tho same' limitations as that which obtains with the Ameri can, but have not -made- any. effort to' keep pace with the United States ex pansion. It has ' been the British policy to 'maintain merely' a fleet that is equal to any combination of any two possibly hostile European' powers, wh'ich is the continuation of a policy that has. been consistently followed by the British for centuries, and to which they have brought the accumulated oxperience of centuries in naval archi tecture and science, factors which make the British navy, man for man, ton for ton, and gun for gtin, the most efficient -in the Yyoi-ld. ? Therefore; as the British Navy takes' ho 'cognisance of the growth of the United States Navy, but keeps its eye ' glued .upon Europe: there Is. no' earthly reason for the ' stupendous naval ex pansion of the United States in, the Atlantic. , . 1 -The Japanese- Bogey. Japan; 'like '?? Britain, {''simply must have a powerful navy for, one particular purpose. Like Britain, Dal Nippon, must .draw from overseas her - supplies of raw- material and food. Tho: Island' Empire lias long since been' unable to produce sufficient' food for its increas ing population, and as the Asiatic, mainland lias everything that Japan re quires, the Japanese Government must always have sufficient' naval force to protect' ' communications between : the Islands and the mainland ports. - . The Japanese are spending a lot of money on their fleet, an enormous pro portion of their national -revenue, in' fact. Briefly, and 'frankly, the objec tive of ' that fleet',', is to hiake Japan' ' supreme, in lier own immediate sphere, to overawe and dominate Eastern Asia, ? and, above all, keep the United States, from interfering with that domination. ?' ? '? This suspicion of the United; States is perfectly justifiable. ? For the last ten years there lias been a large sec tion of the American press, led by the 'Saturday Evening Post' of Phila delphia, with a circulation running into millions, advocating 'the rescue of Eastern' Asia from the tyranny of tho Japanese.' . To a certain dogree'the United States hostility, to Japan was justified, as in the past there was a strong tendency on the part of the Japanese Statesmen to make Eastern Asia a Japanese Close Economic' Preserve, which would supply Japan with raw material and food, and take in return Japanese manufactured goods. It is a sort of imitation of. the Monroe Doctrine,' which -insists- upon America being pre served for the Americans/ and Japan ese, very logically, argued that if it is good to preserve America for tho Americans, it'is equally right, sane, and expedient to reserve Asia, for the Asians — especially the Japanese section of the Asians. ..... This distinctly imperialistic tendency of the Japanese led to the occupation of- the Shang-Tung Province after it had - been wrested from' the Germans, the occupation of tlie Amur and Pacific Provinces of Siberia and the North portion of Sakhalin Island. Later on the Chinese were , presented with a list of 21 demands which would have made China a vassal Slate to tlie Japanese Imperial . system. Tho ? American press talked war and the 'rescue of ? China' ? more vigorously than ever, and there was angry talk of total prohibition of Japanese immigra tion in California and .other 'Western States. The Japanese imperialistic policy brought about a general boycott of Japanese goods by the Chinese people, a boycott so implacable that in order to remove it the Japanese army of oc cupation in Shang-Tung was with drawn without firing a shot, and the imperialistic policy thrown .right over board. Although the Bolsheviks had slaughtered some hundreds of her ' nationals ' at Nikolaievsk Japan has withdrawn from the Siberian rnain land,- and has now agreed to restore to. tho Russians the northern portion of the Island of Sakhalin, receiving in return most valuable oil concessions. 'All these territories' remain open to Japanese settlement, to Japanese com merce, and, of course, Japan is. their best and nearest .market. Which is all the Japanese require. Tho Japanese Government has found .out that; the Imerialistic policy is bad for trade, and that, it' arouses antagon ism \whl eh defeats' the' very end it had in view. There is; but - little doubt that the hostility displayed by the people and press, of the United States has been largely . responsible' -for the unusual Japanese naval development; but that development would - have boon very considerable had there been no Ameri can hostility. The; Japanese navy has been created to light in its own waters, . near its. numerous ;.bases, and to do .minate' that portion of the- Pacific im mediately 'around tlie shores of tlie Island . Empire. It -does it most ef fectively, and to-day Japan is the dominant power in that portion of tlie Pacific Ocean; and all over' the Eastern coast of Asia. »- Tho . conditions . of Eastern Asia are such as . call for a considerable naval and. military power . tp enforce tho Japanese domination. China, after It (Continued on page 12.) THE GREAT AMERICAN FLEET -WHY? (Continued from page 9.) became a Republic, gradually dis integrated into a collection of pro vinces, each presided over by a Mili tary Governor, who jails himself a Marshal. Eacli of these gentry lias a considerable army. Marshal Wu Pet Fu, for a while dreamed of re-unitlng all China under his own government in Pekin by the simple process of con quering all the others. He started on Chao Ti, of Honan, by sending General Feng Yu-I-Isiang and an army to empty him out. Feng did it, and as sumed the governorship. Then Wu wiped the floor with An Fu-pai, who was generally believed to be in the service of Japan. Against him came Chang Tso-lin, of Manchuria, with what was believed to be the best army in China, but Chang was beaten. Later on Chang came on again and Feng, entrusted with the protection of the capital, deserted his leader, with the result that Wu Pei Fu suffered a most disastrous defeat. Then Cluing woke up to the presence of hidden forces, and scuttled back to Manchuria, leav ing China proper to stew in its own fat. Whilst China is in this state of con fusion the Japanese havo to be in a state of constant readiness. At any moment one these military governors is liable to develop into a new Jengis Khan, and unite all China in an ag gressive imperialism. Just at pre sent there is an an'ti-forcigh move ment that seems to be general from Mukden, in Manchuria, to Canton, in ICwang Tung, which Includes all foreigners, including the Japanese, but is apparently,' aimed particularly at the British. The railways of Man churia were built with Japanese money. They are necessary for the transportation of supplies of raw ma terials and food stuffs to Japan, and the transportation of Japanese, American and British goods from the seaboard to Central Above all, they are essential to the life of Japan, and if there is any general upheaval with Chang Tso-Lin as a participant against the foreigners, the Japanese must be In a position to keep open these sources of supplies and routes to the markets for her goods. That is essseutial to Japan's very life. ' The Elements of Coastal Defence. Modern battleships cannot operate far from their bases. They cannot successfully attack properly defended fortifications — the World War proved that. British ibattlcships never dared to approach Heligoland. Guns q£ position will always dominate even the 'most powerful of battleships. Great ports can .always be defended by mine fields, submarines and aeroplancss backed up by heavy guns of position. Therefore, for the purpose of Home Defence the United States does not require a single, solitary battleship. Her ports can be made proof to -any. raiders by the means mentioned above. 