Federal Politics FEDERAL TREASURER AT WjING HAM. Dr. Earle Page, Federal Treasurer, addressed a meeting in the Memorial Town Hall, Wingbam, on Tuesday night last. The Mayor (Aid. H. E. Baines) presided, and suitably introduced the Member for Cowper in the Federal Parliament. . OPENING REMARKS. W I am glad of this opportunity of dealing with the record of the Feder al Government which has now been in office for oyer two years. During that time, it has consistently pursued a constructive policy designed to pro mote the general development and progress of Australia, to secure the closest co-operation between the State and Federal Governments, so as to reduce overlapping and duplica tion by eliminating waste, and, gener ally to improve the position of every class in the community. It will leave a very notable record of per manent constructive work done for Australia. WORK ACCOMPLISHED. To lightly mention just a few of the more Important actions. It has improved the credit of Australia by reducing the National Debt, and the creation of a Sinking Fund to ulti mately wipe out our war debt in 50 years. Federal taxation, as a wliole, both direct and indirect, has been re duced by £1 per head as from £9 13s 9d per bead at the end of 1920 to £S 13s 9d at the end of 1924. It has, for tbe first time since 1910 so impuoved the position of the old pioneers of this country by increas ing the Old Age Pension from 15/ to 17/6 a week, and by wiping out most of the anomalies that have been found to exist in the administration of the Pensions Act as to put them in a relatively better position than they have ever been in before. It has improved the position of tbe Re turned Soldier by providing jndical treatment and medicines for wives and orphans of men whose death was due to war service, by making an al lowance of £1 per week for attend ants to blind soldiers; by making an allowance to married soldiers who are temporarily totally incapacitated, and by removing many of the anomalies whose solution was obviously re quired. It has cleaned up the War Service Homes muddle, and put the whole AVar Service Homes activity on a satisfactory basis and has wiped out the excess charges for houses over the original £800 set down in the Act. The Government has reduced post al charges by 25 per cent.; it has wonderfully improved the whole telephone services, and has lessened trunk charges by only calculating the amount of the radial distance of the call. Last year 50,000 telephones were installed, as compared with 14.000 in the year before it took office. The Government has reduced direct Income Taxation by over 10 per cent, in the general Income Tax, and in addition has raised the exemption to £300, thus relieving 180,000 taxpay ers from Income Tax altogether as well as raising the exemption for children, allowing medical expenses as a deduction off income and remov ing 5 per cent, on one's home as an addition to income. It has reduced the cost of collect ing income tax by bringing about the amalgamation with the States in the machinery for the collection of State and Federal Income Tax resulting in a saving of 600 officers. By its advocacy of the policy of Imperial Preference it has finally se cured the co-operation with tbe Im perial Government in granting a very substantial preference to Aus tralian products. The policy of the Government has, in a word, been designed (o secure . the co-operation and co-ordination of the efforts of tbe whole community of every class and of every industry towards the progress and prosperity of Australia and give a sense of se curity in all classes. The availability of the necessities of life can only be assured by aiming to produce more than we need, be cause even if tlien something unto ward occurs in their production, enough will be available for local ne cessities. The absence of wide fluctuations in the price of these necessities of life can only be secured in the same way because if (he aim of the pro ducer is simply to produce enough .or the actual needs of the communi ty, then an act of God, like drought, fire, and excessive rain or other ad verse climatic condition may destroy a large part of the crop, thus pro ducing a (dearth with consequent famine prices, and in that way dimin ishing the effective value of wages. But not merely is . it necessary that these essential goods should be produced in sufficient quantity. It is also necessary that the production should be distributed in an orderly and regular manner throughout the whole year. It is then in the interest of the ?consumer that the producer of raw materials should aim at producing a surplus over and above what is consumed in any country. FULLEST EMPLOYMENT, The general policy of the present Government has been to endeavour to ensure the fullest employment for all (he people of the whole of the continent by stimulating production and development in every possible way. It has tried to give the full benefits of the local markets to our own goods. In its own contracts it continuously gives Australian pro ducts very substantial preference over foreign goods, and in tbe case of industries whiel) it regards as be ing vital to our progress and our de velopment and which will make themselves efficient, it has not hesi tated to give a preference of over 50 per cent, as in the case of the loco motive contract last year. However, in those cases in which there is no prospect of a permanent industry being established, and in which the local prices are out. of all proportion to the British prices, and further, in which tho proportion of Australian material incorporated in the job is ridiculously small, then tbe Government will boldly do what it thinks to be right in the interests of the community as a whole. I notice that certain politicians are beating the big drum over the fact that the tender for the second cruiser which would cost £818,000 more to build in Australia than in Britain, and which would only have 15 per cent, of Australian material In it, has been given to the Mother country. The attitude and policy of these very politicians has rendered this action inevitable. The policy of the politicians is to build no cruisers at all, which means that if this Government decided to build this cmiser in Australia and then these other gentlemen were to come into power1 — which God forbid — the indus tiy would automatically come to an end and some thousand or more men would be immediately thrown out of employment, because no more cruis ers would be ordered and the yards would be idle. If the Defence policy of the Labor Government was like that of the Composite Government — an efficient Naval defence for Australia and a ten years' programme could be laid down, it might be possible to induce armament firms to undertake the building of Australian cruisers in Australia with a continually increas ing proportion of local material and local workmanship being used. But when one of the great parties of the Commonwealth votes against build ing any boats at all and moves year after year to strike out the bulk of the defence items, there is no pos sibility of any continuity of policy, and no reputable firm could be in duced to undertake this class of work out here. DAIRYING. We now come to the position of dairying. At the present time this industry is the third in importance in the Commonwealth. Last year it was one of our principal exporting industries, exnorring £10,500,00 worth or product. Anything that can ensure tbe best possible price being obtain ed for a product of this magnitude is ?surely a natiomi ::iatler. When the situation rf the bu'.tpr losition in England is ^'.-.iflied. tii* outstanding feature from t'io point of view of Australia is that our biit ter is exported practically complete ly during 4 or 5 months of the year. Turing these months there will be 70.000 to 120,000 cwt. of Australian lutter put on to the English market each month. Throughout the other 7 or 8 months of the year this amount will dwindle to from 1,400 cwt. to £3,000 cwt. per month. If one com pares this with the Danish supply, one finds that Denmark takes care to regulate her supply to the Lon don market to practically a constant quantity each month. The second feature of past Aus tralian butter sales in London has b?on the constant failure of tbe Australian butter to reach New Zealand or Danish prices. When tbe causes for this are examined, one finds that the absence of a standard brand is largely responsible, together with the failure to secure a con t'nuous set of customers. The Federal Goverment has applied itself to correcting both of these lat ter defects. It has corrected the first by insisting that all butter going out of Australia since last August shall conform to a certain standard, and bns adopted a uniform brand — the 'Kangaroo' brand — for that purpose. Tbe effect of this has already become evident in the gradual improvement in the price of Australian butter, as compared with that of the other but ter on the market. In February last, instead of; Australian butter being the usual 10/- per cwt. below New Zealand in price, it was actually 4/ above it, and since that time it is gratifying to note the continual references in the London press to tins improvement, due to the stan dardisation of our product. The second defect — that of a spas modic supply — has been attempted to be dealt with by means of a Dairy Produce Export' Control Act, which was passed last session by the Federal Government. This places the control of the whole of the exportable sur plus of Australia in the hands of a Dnard, mainly elected from the in dustry itself. This Board has the power to grant Licenses to those ngents who agree to market their butter in accordance with the con ditions laid down by the Hoard, in order to ensure its most profitable handling. This Board is formed on vpry similar lilies to one which has I-sen created for the control of the New Zealand butter industry, and which has already, (luring ilia last rsason, saved the butter produc-rs ct New Zealand some £200,000 in Insurance and Frieghl. The Australian Board will start its active operations on August 1st. of this year, and should make an ap preciable difference in the return that the daily farmers of Australia will receive for their produce. MIGRATION. Regarding the nomination of Italians, the Italian Government has arranged that passports for Australia shall not be issued to intending Italian migrants unless they are nom inated by someone in Australia, or have at least £40 of capital. The arrangements made were largely due to the representations of the Italian Consul-General in Melbourne to his Government. Of his own accord, he drew up the form of nomination piper, and arranged that, after com pletion by the applicant or nomin ator, it should in every case, Irefore being transmitted to Italy for pro duction to tbe passport authorities in that country, be duly stamped and registered in an Italian consular of fice in Australia. The guarantor is required to sign (lie form in an Italian Consular Office, or before a Justice of the Peace, a Police Magis trate, or other Australian authority. These documents are not accepted as sufficient guarantee for maintenance if' an Italian is found, on arrival, to be suffering from a disease or dis ability which, In the opinion of an officer, is likely to make him a charge upon the public. The usual form of security undev the Immigration Act would be obtained in such cases. In ordinary circumstances, however, the forms serve to show that the intend ing Italian intrants named in them have some one hore to look after (hem on arrival. As the Italian CoiiKUl-General has. at nil linn's. shown himself ready to assist the Commonwealth authorities in effect ing (he repatriation of any migrant who might become a charge upon the public, it has been agreed, for I he r-'mc being, to recognise the document us equivalent to a maintenance &'j;ir- anlee for Italians who are in soun-.l hoalth at the time of arrival. These forms do not, as a rule, . remain in Italy, but urn brought back to Aus ralia by the nominees for produc tion to the Customs authorities al the port of landing. No cases have yet come to the knowledge of the Commonwealth Government in which Italian migrants nominated under this system have become a charge upon the public, and if such cases were reported a full investigation would be made into them and they would immediately be discussed with the Italian Consul-General. He has advised tbe Government that he has taken certain measures to prevent abuse of the nomination system. In view of tlie special situation existing in North Queensland, he has instruct ed his Consular Agent at Townsville to issue nomination papers only at the request of those landed propriet ors who are able to fulfil the re auired guarantees. He has also ad vised us that bis Government has agreed to his proposal to issue pass ports for Australia solely to those Italians who ;ire guaranteed employ ment and maintenance by some one residing in Australia, nnd rot to thore who intentl to rely entirely on '(.!ie production of £40 of lumlinK money. There is no w:iirnnt for the. indiscriminate. condemnation of Italian migrants. PROPER HANDLING. With regard to the provision of communications which are essential to regularity of employment and the proper handling cf our goods, the Commonwealth Government has been very busy during the last two years in doing everything that is possible. It has completely transformed the post office and telephonic systems. I ist year 50.000 telephones were in stalled as against 14,000 during the year before it took office. It has re duced the telephone rales by making the radial distance count instead of tbe distance by wire. It has re duced the postage rate by 25 per cent, and it has made the mail service more liberal and more frequent. With regard to communications by road it has attempted to cut the cost of pro duction and :ilso the cost of -lis' :-!- bulion by sudsidising a system of main roads development on which it has spent £1,000,000 during the last two years in conjunction with the States, though, I admit, that much more remains to b^ done in this connection. POPULATION. The Federal Government feels that the real defence of Australia is only to be found in .1 rapid and continual increase of population, iMid with Ibis end in view it has been seeking — in conjunction with the Slates and Im perial Governments — to frame a mi gration policy which will secure that very rapid increase in population and production. It. altogether disagrees with the belief of certain Labor Unions that an increase in the num ber of people in Australia will inter fere with the regularity of employ ment. On the other hand, it is ab solutely convinced from the experi ence of the wliole of the world, that suoli increase will make for more em ployment and more regular employ ment. As our population increases our production must increase too. It is increased product on that aloue makes possible the genera) improve ment in the standard of living. The fear of the Labor Party of inereaseil people or increased use of machinery — which at the same time increased indefinitely the possibilities of pro duction — has never been borne out in fact. If employment is cut off in one direction by invention of belter methods it will be found that the very increase in production itself opens up whole avenues of fresh oppor tunity. What we must remember is that we must give to the producer — for our own sake, as much as for his — means of cheap and efficient produc tion, means of orderly marketing his products; means to retain control of his produce till it is actually sold or reaches the consumers' hands, and thus prevent unnecessary speculation, and means to provide himself with decent methods of communication and with 20th century amenities of civilisation. There are some in Australia who wish, as in Russia, to go back to that law of the jungle. Australia, as si whole, does not. It wants to p;o forward, obeying (he law of 'work, peace and health.' Australia con sists practically altogether of work ing men. It is the freest democracy in the world with the most advanced institutions, with the most British slock and with the most British ideals of liberty. There are members of the same families engaged in every calling, brothers are in every political camp. Let us cast out the demon of class consciousness, whose foreign agitators do not know our minds and our aims. Let us get to gether and make of this country a country renowned for the sanctity of its social contracts, its industrial contracts, its monetary contracts, and its co-operation and harmony among all classes— a country that will be the most attractive, the most pro gressive and the most free in the world. VOTE OF THANKS. Mr. R. White moved a hearty vote of thanks to Dr. Earle Page for his very instructive address that even ing. I Mr. W. Easton seconded the mo t'on, which was carried by acclama tion, aud conveyed to (he speaker by the Mayor. Dr. Page suitably acknowledged the vote of thanks, and also took the opportunity of referring to the present Conversion Loan, of which particu lars are published in these columns from time to time. Mr. H. Turner also spoke on the financial aspect of things, and con sidered the Federal Government was doing the correct thing. I Dr. Page moved a vote of thanks i lo lb^ Mayor for presiding, and it j wos ranied by acclamation. The Mayor acknowledged the vole, ami the meeting terminated. 