From Everywhere. Sir Leonard Rogers in the course of a lecture on " Leprosy as an Imperial prob lem" says: "there are no fewer than 300,0.00 lepers who are British citizens." The Provisional Government of China, recently formed, has been recognised by Great Britain, the United. States, Belgium, France, Italy, Japan and the Netherlands. President Coolidge has signed the Naval Appropriation Bill, which covers the ex penses of the cruise of the United States squadron across the Pacific to Australia. A message from Geneva, under date February 19, states thatteu States, includ ing Great Britain, japan, the Netherlands, and Siam, have signed the convention pro tocol for the control of the international trafi&c; in drugs. The document will : main open for signature tiil September 30. Sir A. Steel Maitland, in the House of Commons on February 18, said the number of working days directly lost through trade disputes in Great Fritain and Ulster during 1924 was approximately 8,250,000. The American crusade against the use of tobacco is at present a movement to pre vent children from smoking. It is said that in the United States six -thousand million cigarettes are consumed monthly, a large proportion by school children. San Francisco advices, on February 13, state: A Canadian steamer, Coal Harbor, has been seized. Fourteen members of the crew were arrested by the Customs officials. It is estimated that they carried 10.000 cases of liquor, valued at 6CO.OOO dollars Indications are that the American Go vernment will shortly initiate new and energetic measures to collect some of the 2,000,000,000 dollars owed that country by European nations. According to Arthur Beverley Baxter, managing editor of the London Daily Express, prohibition will figure large'v iu the next appeal to the people made by British Liberalism. Three million women over 25 years of age, with the necessary educational re quirements, will be enfranchised under a bill the Cabinet has decided to rush through the Italian Parliament putting into effect Premier Mussolini's change of heart toward women voting By unanimous vote the British Colom bia Legislature has approved the ar.ti Oriental resolution of Hon. William Sloan, Minister of Mines. The result means < hat the Federal Government will be asked to move to see that all international treaties which prevent Canada from controlling Oriental immigration be abrogated. Hon Mr Sloan declared that Canada must be kept for Canadians ; Orientals and -whites would not mix. The government of the United States is planning to return a portion of the taxes paid in 1925-24, amounting to 137,006,225 dollars. This will be divided among 192,252 persons. The Mexican Senate ha3 unanimously ratified the Mexico-Japanese amity, com merce and uavigatiou treaty, which was signed October S, and which displaces the treaty of ISS8. Li Yen Chiug, persons! treasurer to President Tsao Kun of China, was caught stealing public money. He was taken and made to kneel down xu a Pekin-square, and then they cutoff his head. This is the Chinese way of summary justice. And some think it is a very effective wav of checking crime. Au ex-American Senator (Mr Simon Guggenheim) has auuouuced a prelimi nary gift of 3,000,u00 dollars for the foundation and endowment of fellowships for advanced study abroad. The value of each scholarship will be approximately 2,500 dollars a year, It is specifically mentioned that scholars may pursue their studies in Australia. It is reported that an important sec tion of the workers at Broken Hill has decided to accept the offer of the com pany to pay a bouus of 9s per week with the price of lead at ±"36. It is expected that all the unions will agree to the pro posal. The Irish Rh-er Shannon, famed in soBg and story, is about to be harnessed to provide electrical energy for the in dustry of New Ireland. Domestic reindeer herds in Alaska are to-day worth 1,500,000 dollars more than the United States paid to Russia in 1S67 for the entire territory. The number of words found in old Eng lish literature does not exceed 30,000, while the new dictionaries to-day have listed more than 400,000 mostly? of foreign origin It is strange to note, however, that most authors use ujaiuly English words. Shakespeare used 90 per cent., and the English Bible contains 94 per cent. A bill has been brought up in the Danish Parliament by Minister of Justice Steincke, which would authorise doctors, under certain conditions, to take the life of a person who was hopelessly ill, and who desirci it, without incurring punish ment. This, according to the old law, was designated as manslaughter or murder. What is believed to be the only troop of blind boy scouts in the -.vorld is Troop 254 of the Bronx composed cf fourteen boys. The expression "blue blood" is of Spanish origin, where the aristocracy was limited to those who traced their lineage beyond the Moorish conquest. Having whiter complexions, the veins upon their hands were bine (' blue blood") while Moorish blood showed black upon he hands and temples. The phase passed into France, where it gained vogue, and -rum there to England and America. The saying " Let loose the dogs of war," once had a meaning. In the middle ages dogs w ere sent out towards the cavalry of the enemy with kettles of burning resin on their backs, the odor, smoke and flame of which naturally ex cited the horses. A stout jacket of leather underneath the kettle protected the dogs in case hot resin was spilled. Dr Rudford Colwell, of Sydney, the surgeon of the R.M.S. Orama, durine the voyage home, wirelessly treated a mem ber of the crew of the Dutch steamer Keilhaven from a distance of a thousand miles, and the patient recovered. 