What Hampers Australiennes? DR Grace Boelke, one of Sydney's leading medicoes, who lately returned from a tour of Europe and America, is a woman of considerable sang froid, but sbe says there was one occasion in her travels ~ when she really felt small. That was when in London she was asked to address a gathering of women distinguished in England. Denmark, Prance, Finland, Roumania and America, and after discoursing rather eloquently about her country's enlightenment, a Danish Doctor of Laws wanted to know how many women members of Parliament there were in Australia, and what important administrative posts under Government were held by women. The Sydney doctor said it was terrible to have to admit in that gathering of women, who all held important positions in their various countries that, in spite of the franchise there are no women in the Australian Parliaments, and that, generally speaking, an Australian woman had as much chance of gaining an administrative post under Government as the camel had of getting through the eye of a needle. * • * Duck Season Commences. CJUNDAY being the official opening day of the duck shooting season, many well-known sportsmen will be missing from their accustomed rounds on Monday. The duck hunter waits with impatience for the hour of 12 to strike after probably lying in wait for hours in likely spots where he may sight the birds, probably quite disregarding his careful spouse's injunction "not to lie down on the damp ground." Prom all accounts there should be some good bags this season, but, as usual, Mr. Nicholson's country constabulary will be kept busy check mating the bad sports who try to "get in too early." * * >!i Truth Will Out. JOHN,, Longstaff was recently referred to in a London art journal as the Australian portraitist with the amazing peculiai-ity of bringing out the character of his sitter. Maybe it is owing to this uncanny gift that the artist refuses to allow his models to even glimpse his work until the last brush mark is limned. In one instance, a well-known Sydney man sat to Longstaff for his portrait" at the artist's request, and, although the sittings, which were many and spread over a long interval, are now at an end, the sitter has never yet seen the painted canvas. He is a little intrigued by the mysterious silence of his perpetrator, and is now under the impression that his hidden character Mr. F. W. Thrlng and Mr. W. A. Gibson. By the Ormonde on Monday Mr. Thrlng1, mannging director of Electric Thentres. and Mr. Gibson, managing director of Australasian Films nnd Union Theatres, returned from ithelr joiyyieys abroad, during which thoy have been studying the latest developments' In the motion picture industry. is not fit for publication, and that the painter, unable to control his revealing brush, has taken refuge in suppressing the finished testimony, * * * The Typlste's Doom, QTHAT versatile Australian, Mr. 'Tennyson Smith, who, with his wife waved farewells from the Jervls Bay a few weeks ago, has arrived at his destination, and is already in attendance at Wembley, where a second edition of the Empire Exhibition will shortly appear. Mr. Smith's raisin d'etre at Wembley is to demonstrate the workings of a mechanical typist, consisting of an electric attachment typewriter for transmitting dictation direct to the keys. It is claimed that this ingenious invention will completely revolutionise office work, as it only costs £39, and does away with" the necessity of a human typist. The shingled lass at the machine says she wishes Mr. Tennyson Smith would mind his own business, and not go about trying to take the cake out of the mouths of a hard-working section of the community, which already finds difficulty in supporting itself in the way that it is accustomed to, » * • Scotch Settlers, 'J'HE Scotch are a sturdy race, and, as proved in Australia, they make the finest types of settlers. Much In. terest is being focussed on the arrangements now in the hands of Mrs. McDonald, of the Domestic Immigration Society, the outaome of which will be the settling in New South Wales of twenty-five families from Scotland. Drawn from rural centres and bearing well-probed reputations for hard work and frugality, they will undoubtedly prove admirable settlers. The only regrettable part is that Victoria is not securing more of these people Instead of individuals from Southern Europe not of our race or in sympathy with it. Numerous Scotch families have immigrated to Canada during the last few years, and, if we are to do anything in serious vein to divert the flow this way, we must move quickly. • • An Artist Returns. MRS\ A. Grenbry Outhwaite—known in the world of art as Ida Rentoul—returned to Melbourne in the Ormonde on Monday after a tour of Great Britain and the European continent. Her work has always been character ised by a charming fantasy and grace of execution, and during her travels she has had further opportunities of adding to her store of ideas for further work, and incidentally has completed another of those fairy stories upon which so much of her reputation as a black and white artist rests. * • « A Distinguished Englishman. AN interesting person, both from the point of view of personal achieve, ment and of historical association, is Capt. the Hon. Henry Brougham, heir of Lord Brougham and Vaux. who arrived in Sydney by the Mooltan last week, and who intends visiting Melbourne in the course of his health recruiting trip to Australia. Capt. Brougham's father is the owner of the famous Chateau Elenore, familiar to all. visitors to Cannes, which was the gift of King Louis, Philip of Prance, to Capt, Brougham's great uncle, the first Lord Brougham, and Vaux, who was Lord Chancellor of Eng. land in 1830. Capt. Brougham was an officer in the Coldstream Guards for twenty-three yearsj, and during the last war was attached to the personal staff of Lord French both in France and in Ireland, and he took part in the retreat from Mons. *. * » The Lady of the Bridge. JTJVIDENCE of woman's loyalty to woman, an oft-disputed quality, was the complimentary lunoheon given in Sydney last week to Miss Kathleen Butler, secretary to Dr. Bradfield, of Sydney Harbor r,-i,i Hi01 note. More than 200 of the ^ l?6e hood — professional women, merit Hlc University women, nurses, publt BP vants, artists, writers, iournaltetcT !er,' RV others rallied round to break \ Hr and shake hands with one who h kF achieved an nonored nlace in thS K?f world through ability and loyal - R« vice. There wasn't a woman in thp Hi room who wouldn't have gladly chane HT ed places with the Lady of the Brides ■§ but instead of envy, malice, and all Kl1 uncharitahleness, congratulations and H: pleasant sentiments filled the air and bouquets, floral and verbal, were laid Kg at the feet of the young conqueror Hi whose attractive and "unturned" head Be maintained an admirable poise the Hi while she recounted her history from Hi the moment that the romance of iron R| first entered her soul. H| * * * Focussing Australia. H) ■y^HEN a. distinguished individual H| goes ,t.o a foreign country he ig im- H| mediately interviewed and asked his H§ opinion of the land upon which he has H|| hardly set foot. The late Sarah Bern- HI hardt used to amusingly describe her H| first experience in London. Twenty- K| seven reporters called upon her. "I Hi remembered," she said, "perfectly well H that all ■ of them began with, 'Well, H mademoiselle, what do you think of H London?" I had arrived the previousH evening at nine o'clock and the first H of these journalists asked me this H question at ten in the morning. All I H knew of London was a small square H in the midst of which was a black H statue." We are afraid that the same H thing happens here sometimes. As H soon as Mr. E. W. Scripps, a news-H paper proprietor from America, H reached the first port of call he wasR interviewed and unfolded some start- H ling statements. H 