DAIRYING PRODUCING CONDITIONS ABROAD DOMINION AUTHORITY'S VIEWS SOME INTERESTING OBSERVATIONS AUCKLAND, Thursday-—Some interest ing observations upon dairying activities abroad in comparison frith New Zealand's standard were given an interviewer by Mr. W. Claud Motion, chairman of directors of the New Zealand Co-operative Dairy Com pany Ltd., who, as a member of the over seas delegation of the New Zealand Daily Produce Export Control Board, has just returned from a nine months' world tour. '•'It was an eye-opener,'* said Mr. Mo tion, "to see. the facilities given farmers in the United States, in the shape of ex perimental farms, laboratories, and gen eral research -work, to assist the producers in scientific methods. We visited a number of these State and Government activities in both the United States and Ganada, and noted that while in some parts farmers were taking advantage of the facilities of fered, yet in others farmers were deriving very little benefit. This was due largely to the fact that many settlements of various European immigrants had been made, and tbc3e. preferred to follow their home meth ods.. 'These State establishments^ however, wene run on model., lines, and farmers and i factory, managers could take courses of in struction as desired.. A. particularly fino establishment was that. of Wisconsin Uni versity, from which Dean Russell and Pro fessor Macklin, the expert on co-operative marketing, had recently visited New Zea land in connection with co-operative de velopments. In their territory there were farm settlements of Swiss, Danes, Italians, and other Continental people, and it was very hard to get, any unity of action on a comprehensive policy such as could foe attained in New' Zealand. Thus, although the States had all the scientific equipment /for success, very little progress in up-to Idate dairying could be seen." America's main dairying activity, said My. Motion, seemed to be directed towards the production of milk for domestic use and consequently the Holstein was perhaps the most, popular cow, on account of her heavy irnlk yield. At many of the Govern ment farms visited champion cows were kept under indoor conditions, and milked by hand three times a day. The housing of cattle was general, and in many places cows would have liberty on pasture for perhaps only two months in the year. Cold prevented their exposure in the winter, and flies in the summer. This close confine ment'tended to produce tubercular trouble, against which continual care had to be taken. New Zealand farmers should derive great comfort from the knowledge that their cows, through open' air grazing the year round, possessed such outstanding good health and freedom from disease. The vitality and health of New Zealand stock, and the purity of their milk, would inevit ably have its bearing upon the reputation of our produce overseas. MITCH TO CONTEND WITH j In butter manufacture, American factory managers had a good deal to contend with, as the cream travelled long distances by rail, and developed such acidity and flavour as to practically ,prevent : the manufacture of a first- class article. .Til no place- did they see factories of the spacious, airy and bright appearance .of even the smallest New Zealand factories. So,far as cheese making was concerned; it' ',,^hs conducted in many parts as a honied industry, one farmer making the cheese for his ; five, of Fix neighbours, at. so. much per pound. This : system applied even i<j larger factor ies, where the manager was paid at so 'much per pound made and sold. One phase of American dairying activity that was impressive was the extent to which collective propaganda had been em ployed to increase the consumption of dairy products.' This duty was supervised by the National Dairy Council, and as a result of tlieir systematic propaganda they had, in the past three years, increased the con sumption of milk by five gallons per capita per annum. This increase, said Mr. Mot ion, on her vast population of 120,000,000 people absorbs the average production of 1,200,000 cows, ; which is approximately the cow population of New Zealand. The vast lecal market offered by her tremend ous: population means that America's dairy industry at .the present time can hardly meet her own needs, and some opportunity is of fered New Zealand of meeting some por tion of her requirements in high-class prod uce. The'means taken by the National j Dairy Council to increase milk consumption consisted of some general newspaper and poster advertising, but the main effort was. couceiitrated upon the school children. Special lady instructors gave regular dem. onstrations and lectures, based upon charts and pictorial displays, emphasising the value •f milk. These lessons were conveyed by the children to the homes, of the nation, with the surprising result, indicated. The aame lesson of the value of propaganda has beet' applied by other organisations handling farm products collectively—notably Californian fruit people, The Hood River apple prod ucers, aiul go op. There was undoubtedly a 'big tendency on the part of all primary producers to lake an increasing interest in the advertising arid marketing of their pro duce on a collective basis. This tendency \vas so marked that some universities had now established courses on co-operative marketing, and there had also been estab 'ished the American Institute of Agricul ture, which gave a full correspondence course on the subject. WHERE ENGibAND LAGS The beautiful, undulating countryside of England, with wgll-cultivatecl fields and trim hedges, c,ime as a surprise to the New Zealand farmers in the mission. '' Every | where I went," said Mr. Motion, "I saw nothing but up-to-date machinery and appli ances being used, and I think we in New Zea land could learn quite a lot about methods of cultivation. The only drawback to the English farmer is that he is inclined to fol low the methods of his forefathers rather than quickly changing to the class of farm ing that is most remunerative. During our stay farmers were complaining of poor re turns. One of the principal reasons for this position is the pxces§ivp individualistic ten dencies of the British formers. They are not prepared to co-opprate and work united ly so as to obtain the best results, and therefore are entirely in the hands of the purchasers of their goods. This was speci- ■ ally noticeable in the milk supply business. Formerly very little milk was produced in the winter, and consequently the buying organisations offered a premium for winter production. This had the effect of induc ing farmers to go in for winter supply and produce fflorp milk than in summer, with the result that pricos dropped t)f-lpw summer level, even though winter production cost much more. Had the farmers been organised to care for their own surplus milk their re tiirns would have been better, while the con sumer would have been givju a better and more regular service. "Although English farmers so far," said Mr. Motion, "have not made much move ment towards co-operation, an .Increasing in terest js faping shown l^y the morg fhflught ful, ajjjf tljfi pvpT^tylifcy' is tjiaf m thg course oi? tlip next fp^y ypj*r§ somp leaders will ari§e who wi}] PPinfliajicl thp Pf tJieir felow-farmers. At 'present tfoprp js q, not able lack of unity nn/l eohewn the pnp with the other, "but the desire to ee- operate is showing itself, and the farmers I met show ed great interest in pur New Zealand meth ods, and were kcten lor fuller information.1* Juite |fee beet g?»Aing ie«a out jf New Zealand was in Ireland, and one of the noticeable features of a rapid trip through that country was the fine class of iliorthorn cattle seen. It was rare to see a bad-coloured beast or an inferior animal. Much Irish stock was shipped to Liverpool, snd at one fair in Dublin the visitors saw Miree thousand head of fat cattle, all tied n stalls. . A co-oporgt.ive creamery system of but ter production was weii established in Ire and and supplied the British market, but liis did not conflict with New Zealand, be *.ause it was mainly produced in the Brit .sh summer. As. the quality and methods of manufacture would not permit of storage t was sold as made in the summer, and luring the winter much New Zealand but er was used in Ireland. Ireland eonjd very easily increase her output of dairy products reducing her beef production, but this vas not likely on current prices. VISIT. TO DENMARK Naturally great interest was taken in the /isit to Denmark, New Zealand's great ival in the dairy field. '' The intensive less and extent of cultivation on the farms nu-prised us," said'Mr, Motion. "Although lie land is comparatively poor, it is ex ceedingly well tended. It is a rare thing to ;ee a fence, and stock are rarely visible, be ng mainly housed. By their experimental ':irms the Government has determined the 'ced necessary for miximum production at I ninimum cost, and farmers almost entirely .vork on their uniform lines. Nowhere have [ seen such uniformity of action throughout i. whole community. All the farmers buy concentrates and meals to supplement farm .crops, but their system shows a profit on the leal. The butter is made almost entirely m the creamery system, and produces a r'airly uniform product. The skim-milk re ;idue is mainly fed to pigs, with corn and ioncentrates, and provides a source of re venue equal to that of butter, as Danish oork exports equal butter exports ill value. The pigs are principally of the large white type, which produces a long, lean baconer. Hie regularity of their supply and the uni formity of the product places it at a prem ium on the British market 111 comparison with other importations. It is quite obvi , ms," stated Mr. Motion, "that if New Zealand were to develop the pig industry in conjunction with her dairy industry the re turns. of the-farmer would be supplemented very largely, as the Danes get as much from the pig as from the cow. "That i>enmark constitute^ ^ vwy good example of wl^at clp§§ co-operation can at tain was thoroughly ' impressed upon us,'* concluded Mr. Motion. '' She applies co operation both in production and market ing, and her success is due almost entirely to this method of operation. They co operate in everything, and one man may be long to a dozen different co-operative organ-< xsaiions. Through one hy buys his m?a.ls, through another fertilisers,, through 3 third he sells his p}gs, 311$ tiirpflgh ljig factory he sells his fevMpYj so on. They aim to secure highly efficient managers of all tlie\r bussineses and leave all detail and supervision to them. The Government is still seeking tp assist the ftairy farmer by experimenting tp improve farm and factory methods, to give the producer the greatest possible return, but the real secret of the country's success is the business manage ment evolved in their close co-operative methods. New Zealand can learn much from ipiiit o< PiwijijV1 > 1 