I COMMONWEALTH AND NEW | ZEALAND ÎÎEWS. The Commonwealth has received £135, 475 from German}- by way of war rc^ pa ratio*). Plans for the reconstruction of the Melbourne Town Hall at a total cost of £98.600, have been approved. It is believed that the Commonwealth, fiirplos for the financial year which end- ed' on June 30, -will be over £3,000.000. It has been dwided that the Federal Loan Council shall continue to function during the coming financial j ear. The Sydney City Council la «st Tuesday agreed to the much di«cu««eiï evíew- ioj» of Martin-place to Masquarie-strect. A Labour Club Juif» been provis^onall"? formed) at the Melbourne University mid it .H also ir.'toiwîed to form a Liberal C"-ub. Jn .the Victorian Children's «Court last >car 3.32S cases were dealt .with. 70 per cent» consisting cii larceny or kindred offences. The wages lost foy the seamen refusing to man .the Chillagoe, now laid "up in Melbourne, «amount approximate*!- to £ Hi 040. A thief who stole the sum of £922 from the Treasury at Rabaul, New Guinea, on February 30. has not ,\et been detected. Of the two routes under consideration. for the construction of the north-south' 1 railway, that from Oodnadatta (S.A.) is gaining favour. A man threw hinisel«f from Prince's Bridge, Meiibourne, to fhe asphalt 30ft. below last Monday without Mis>tain'ng serious! injuries. An immigrant boy of nineteen commit- ted ¡ruieidte at Caltowie (S.A.) by hanging himself from, a tree and «.hooting him- self through the templie. A lad returning to 'his training Miip in Sydney Harbour last Tbuisduj in cus tory jumped from a fast moving train and. escaped uninjured. There is a feeling in Queensland that tile Government contemplates a <-iirpris«i general election. Parliament m ¡li not normality end till June, 1020. Sentence of death was pronontic«*! on Arthur Augustus Oakes (27), in Sydney last Tuesday, for the murder of Moma Beacher, at Toronto, on May JO. A movement is on: foot in Victoria to erect memorials to four of the .early explorers of the State.¿waine'iy .Sturt,» McMiCC'an. Strz"ieckae and ¡MeKiHoji. A prisoner in the Brisbane goal, await- ing trial for murder, committed suicide la*-t 'Friday by snatching* a razor from the gaol bat'Uer and slashing hi? throat,' The Queensland Grrernunent has written down the capitalisation of the State enterprises as foltiíñv*:-Stations, £574.189; cannery, £89,059; fish fsupplty, £44.0(30. Oin? of the densest fogs experienced, in Melbourne for years descended eve*"" the metropolitan area «last Saturday night. AM railway and road traffic was dis- organised. * ' A Country» Party member of the Vic-. torana Composite Cabinet^ Mr. t AY. 1*. Orockeit,*MX.A... Honorary Minister, re. signed last Monday, as a re.-rolt of "îbà "' CorftrameiH'a attitude -toaarda the com-1 ttuàgonr wheat pool and the reconstrue 1«m» of the ¿tried fruits iudu-rtry. Approximate South Au&traCCan; revenue fe-turnw for the year ended June 30, in- dicate a «irphis of f84,957. The revenue totalled £9,723,398, and the expenditure £».000,-441 The New Zealand Iwmigra-tion Depart- ment advises that the reduction in the Ílissage rates for assisted immigrants ia» resulted in a 40 per cent, increase of applications. An interesting Adelaide landmark, the Jiigh wall along the western border of : Ciorerntuent House ground's, is being de utoiisbed to add to the width of King V.'i'iiatn-slieet. The Queen-úaud! health authorities ibave decided that the diagnosis of bu l«vuie nidgue io the case of a young married woman «as wrong. The patient is now almost normal. Tate Tasmanian Government bag ac-1 »Ceptftd a tender for the construction of cite Shannon River extension of the Stat« hydro-electric works, involving au ex¡pen- ' íflíture ci! over £100,000. A sharp controversy has arisen in New f&outk; Wale« over the denial by .the Pre- mier (Mr. J. T. Lang) that the surplus C*t! «6500,000, which the fuller Ministry claimed to have left, exists. The architect, clerk of works, and one of the contractors of the building Ïrk- ida collapsed in Melbourne on April í4, Mung four men, have been couuuit tea tor ¿ilal for «nans-laughter. * The scheme for broadcastingTAustra îian news to vessels at sea, which' was put Into effect by the Federal Government e few weeks ago, has been de*>cribd by . VR^eßge1'** as a boneless failure. The Victorian police s.aie that there is an organised gang in Melbourne «hose «peciality is* thefts from loögers* roon-s Rt hotels. Several hundred pounds weith i of properly have been stcCit-u rccentlj. Letters cf administration have been gi anted iu the Victorian Coulls on the estate Ívalued at £839) of Alexander llitchie. who has not been heard of since July 30. 1917, and is now presumed dead. A verdict for £1,250 was» given for thi plaintiff in Sydney last week in the, case li), which (Marie Lecb (19) sued John Carlton Watson, a »astoralist of Yoimn (N.S.W.). for £5,000 for breach of pro- mise of mauiage. The trunk line telephone charge ior ft threc'iuiinute con vertu tiou between Mel-bourne and Sydney on Sundayis will \- !»e reduced firoui lOsi. to 7» Od. as from (September «8. The week-da« charge of 6*. wild remain. A» Auckland (NJ5.) message »tates that floods in the country are subeid'.ng. C-onsiderabliî damage wa** dt.iu* to roads 0.1:0 large areas were Mib:rerj»ed. One bank was doing business with the wa-'er rutrti'ing through it. The Western Aiitftral'an Government wlL Ci>-operate with -the Commonwealth iîovernuieiit ij> the forestry st hool, which i* Mug established at Canberra, and w/l no-miiiate tw<o students a year for lb* nest four year«.. A reso'ution in favour of the forma-' blon of a Federal Compulsory Wheat l*ool with Federal «Governmental financial Aid, wuk passed by the executive of the New South Wales Primary Producer«.' Union last Thursday. A permanent Austra Van home for His lkfaste-r's Voice Gramophone Co i.« be- ing prepared and' 200 Australian opera- tives* willi be employed. All íaw materia's í*i inamitactur.UR purpose** wilt be ob- tained an. the Commonwealth. , A man at Wollongong (N.S.W.) who could not get Iris motor car to start, collected it with the town itlglntiiig «up p'Jy. whidh Is of 2*12 vo>s Ile 'tried to criuk the car and' received the curren* in Iii» body, being ki *led instantfty. During a gale encountered in Torres {?»traits a seamau oî the Danish steamer Sierra Nevada was (washed overboard. Despite a raging sea. a lifeboat Avas liuiiined and the seaman saved after he Lad been in the water 40 ¡minutes. Seven!y-<ßve charges of having falsely i-e- y resent ed himself «s a collector for the Katoomba Thousand Art Union were liid agaiuf-it a man iu Sydney last week, but acventy-two .were withdrawn. He w.-is seirteaced to six months' imprison mont. The esp'oits of a gang of bey crimina'* are dlailiy becoming more serio«» in Me' bauruie.* On Saturday night they broke iuto a garage and ee¿ alight a i.-iluable motor car. Had the fire not been dis- covered 50 other cars uou'd have been , .burnt. While it is an absolute eertnintj that ' the nest Federal Pa ilia meat will be able to uíeet at Canberra, .the Federal Capi- tal Commission advises -thal the di»te of Sduiioic-traiive occupation be altered from une, 1930, as intended, to Anniversary Dar, 3927. Awakened by a stealthy tread on the Stairs, a roEidlin*; of Toorak (Vic), dis- turbed a mastked and armed burgliar. The householder grappled with the nan and ib:«»* hi"in duwn n whole night of stairs. Whereupon the burglar fled out otf the front door. .Falliówing the Riehmond-*Coliliiigiwood football iratch in Melbourne Ja*?t Satur- day, the umpire was, willi difficulty. \- es>cor-lcd from the ground. Two women were eh.ised by a crowdi of 1.000 people (liriMigh lane» uwtii they took refuge in R private house. The Federal Treasurer (Dr. Earle P«ge) last Wednesday moved the spcond j fading of a Loan Bill for £2?*S6.O00. explaining that £2.000.000 was lequired for the extension of *tolephonei3 and tele g-auhs and £86000 for works at the Feiferal Capital Territory. For the fourth time in three jears lii'iidredis* of poum}»' worth of furs'were ft. Ceri from a phop in C-olll'-ni*.-S3treet, Me-Jbourne, last Tue-tîay. The shop is oil*'? n hundred y-ardfsi froin (he Town If«J, andi Irani«' were* passing the door when the the-ft occurred'. It was announced last Thursday that (he Commonwealth delegates- to the O-wmcit of Che League of Nations at Geneva would be Senator ÏJrake-Brock iii-n, the High Commissioner (Sir Jo «eph Cook), Mr. G. A. Swinburne and a -woman «substitute delegate. FïU.y per cent, of letters handled by tlie Postal Department iu capital cities tiVf posted between 4 »pim. and 6.30 -p.ni., .«nhich .means congestion nnd difficulty in' cíi-'<cliiiie; the mails. Business people are ' *aiiie*-rh a^ked to ¡post their letters in * Iwtches .throughout the day. A riMiiarkaWe J*ecovery is reported from Invercargill (-N.-SAV.). A young man had Iii«* neck broken while playing football. ÍL'he spinal cord was not severed,, but |t was subject to pressure. The pa- tient hecame paralysed, ami on admission to the Invercargill Hospital'the neck was ,--X-rayed - and the pressure on the spinal -«ord was relieved. The neck was placed in speoially prepared splint*, and for a time the arms remained paralyse, bul the patient has now almost recovered. The Victorian and South Australian Dried) Fruitfs Boards' in conference last Friday decided to urge' State Govern- ments to enact legis"iation similar to Fbat in operation in- îheir own State?. Tkej considered diesârabie a un:form_ Austra- lian brandi and uniform regulations-. W£iam Rothery, at Condal ( X.S.W. ), was sentenced to death lasi Friday for attempting to murder his brother by put- ting poison in a kettle, from which water w>? taken to «make tea. This was the second conviction, as Rothery appealed against the decision at t4ie first trial. A gas jeakage in the kitchen, of a house ] at Queenisci'ff (Vic), caused a terrific] explosion, iviiick lifted' the roof and blew ¿town, oni» "s'de of the bous«. The exploran occurred mimcdtlately a match ivas struck and the occupa ii and his faniijy sustained severe burn* and shock. A new Fedierai organisation, the Road Transport Union, has bee» formed in Melbourne. It embraces, the Draymen, Trolley and Motor Driver*' Union of Xew i*outb Wales, the Motor Transport and Chauffeurs' Union of Victoria, andi the Federate Carters' and Drivers' Union. The New "South Wales Premier (Mr. J. T. Lang) bas agreed to allow £».000 as a supplement to the amount provided by the manufacturers and primary pro- ducers for miming a «peoial train through the State for a year to display Australian products and manufactures. It is estimated liiat 500 gallons of aleo bou from cassava eau be produced from a single acre of land. If the Power Alcohol Bounty BLI!, at present before the Federal House of Re.iireseuU.uves, comes into force, the grower of cassava will, with the bounty, net about £0 per , acre. . ^ A Latbour motion having as its .«object* the introduction of a Fedeqtí"Compul- sory W-heat Pool was rejected* by the House of Representatives last week. Mr. Stewart (C.P.. V.), supported the mo- tion. My." Gregory (C1*.. W.A.),'favour- . ed a voluntary, 'but not a compulsory, pool. Reports of the pas>t week state that the floods in «Now SoutJi Wales did extensive 1 damage over a wide area1: The Hawkes [ bury River rose to 48ft., a record for 21 years. In Hawkesbury, Goulburn and I North Coast districts much damage waa I done to stock and a heavy loss of crop* is certain. The Prime Minister (Mr. ¡S. M. Bruce), when asked in the House of Representa- tives last Friday why a Labour represen tative bad not been appointed to attend the Council of the "League of Xadous. replied that the Government considered a delegate on the lines announced more ¡satisfactory. Another buKding collapse occurred in the heart of ¡Melbourne last Wednesday, when the side of a four-storey building* fell into adjoining vacant land, on which fifteen men -were workmjg on excavation**. They escaped injury through warning being given 'by the "breaking of a glass in the window. A section of «tie South Australian Country Party bas recently felt resentful, against the F-eâeral Minister ifor Maxkets , and Migration (Senator Wüson) for failure to attend meeting« of the organ!- j «ation in (Federal Parliament House. Senator Wilson stated in (Adelaide last Saturday that <he would not leave South Airs tra lia «to seek election elsewhere and i fcCt confident that he would seek election | in Sooth Australia again, and Also that he wouid not accept any official jx>sitlon ¡ in «London. 