"ORDER OR CHAOS?" FEDERAL ELECTIONS' ISSUE. MR. JOS. FRANCIS DENOUNCES COMMUNISM. THE GOVERNMENT'S FINANCIAL RECORD. "The issue is law and order versus chaos," said Mr. Jos. Francis, M.P., in opening his campaign in the Town Hall, last night. "Communism is trying to undermine de mocratic Government in Australia and the people of Aus tralia do not stand for that as will be shown on election day." Mr. Francis was assisted by Major General Sir William Glagow and the President of the Senate (Senator Givens.) There was a fair attend ance. The Mayor (Aid. A. T. Stephenson), who presided, would not allow any disorderly heckling or Interruption and threatened one or two who per sisted in such tactics, with ejection by the police. One man was being re moved by a constable, when Senator Givens asked the constable to allow him to remain and be converted. (Laughter.) Mr. Francis said the Bruce-Page Government had, in its term of of fice,' lived within its means, and its finances were in a most satisfactory state.., In three. years it had reduced taxation and post office charges an nually by a total of £5,690,000 and had provided extra expenditure for 1925/6 including: Old age pensions, £2,356, 000; bounties, £122,000; special de fence items, £1,000,000. The Gov ernment had by sound finance, ach ieved a surplus of £4,609,529. NATIONAL DEBT. In its first session the Bruce-Page Government had established a nation al debt sinking fund supervised by a commission known as the National Debt Commission. To this Com mission a sum of £1,250,000 was paid annually out of the consolidated re venue which, at 5 per cent., would wipe out the national debt in 50 years. The war debt had been steadily and dR. JOS. FRANCIS. systematically reduced through the sinking fund and by substantial con tributions from revenue surpluses. The gross debt at June 30 last was £430,947,592. The Commonwealth to-' day owed £22,000,000 less war debt than it did three years ago. During the last financial year £5,529,467 was contributed to the sinking fund. (Ap plause.) MDr. Francis said the Post and Tele graph services had been greatly im proved and quoted figures to prove it. The position of the returned soldier had been greatly improved and the war service muddle quite cleaned up. (Applause.) Unification of railway gauges be tween Brisbane and Sydney had been provided for, and the Government had concluded an immigration agreement with the Imperial Govern ment. A national main road develop ment policy had been adopted. Special steps had been taken to secmre the orderly marketing of primary products by the provision of exports control boards. These boards were adminis tered by the producers themselves. Further to assist in the marketing of primary products a rural credits branch of the Commonwealth Bank had been established, and the bank transformed into a national one. THE M.AIN ISSUE. The Goverunent was appealing to the people of Australia for a definite mandate as to whether Parliament was to be supreme, and law and order pre vail, or whdther a small body of ex tremlists was to be allowed to force their will on the whole of Australia. A critical hour in national history had been reached. Communisem had got itself establislhed hi Australia. Its agents hac. wormted their way into positions of influence and authority over workers engaged in essential services of the country. They had "white-anted" the Labour movement. They would undermine the democratic system of Government and destroy the great principles Australia holds most dear, and these wreckers would foist on us, in place of our free insti tutions, the same form of government -or negation of government-whlich had brought ruin and disaster upon Russia and her unfortunate people. In order to understand the Dposition of Australia, it was necessary to con sider certain circumstani,.s connected witsh the revltution which toulok plac in Russia. By that revolutlon the existing formt of Government in Rus sia was comllletcly destroyed, and n new systetm of gooeernment, Lased on the doctrite.s ut ]3ois.hrsintll. was es tablished. 'The leaders . f that revo lution were fanatisis, tired with the ant Ihition to bring about ia similar up heaval througllu elt the whole world. By means ol organisation and insidi ous propaganda, and the e-pcenditure of vast sums of money, they had re lentlessly puo'rueod this objective. They recognised no distinction of nation, race, or col.,ur. They lhad their agents in all parts of the world. Troubles which had been! etxperienced inside the British Empnliire-in India .and Egypt could be traced directly toheir activi ties. Tlhey had a malign hatred of the British Empllire because it stood as a sure and stable rock in a world faced wvitl chaos. The~y were instrumental in bringing ahltt the r-ecent troubles in Chinia. They were- behind tihe troubles int Atfghamstmn; they were active in Morocco; and ;s far aIield as 3tr-xico. \\-Wh,:rlever thlelr-n was strife-n:tlional or industrial they would lind the paid agents of Biolshevlesm tihe harbingers of hate. Receenly Mru. Gartden, who, to-day, was the Secretary of the Sydney Trades and Labour Council, went to Moscow to al conference of the Thrll'd International, and at Moscow, he said: "Although the Australian Communist party Is a small party, I believe it has found the ' key note to organisation so far as the Anglo-Saxon movement is concerned. The Communist party in Australia has a membership of just close on one thousand, and yet it is able to'direct just close on 400,000 workers-that Is, including 237,000 in the State of New South Wales; all organised workels. It also directs 110,000 organised work ere in Brisbane, Queensland.",. 'The Communist party in Australia was based on the nuclei system. Every union had its nuclei from 20 down to two. but every union had its nuclel. All nuclei leaders met once a week and these leaders from . the unions discussed the problems of their organ isation, the problems of the. working class of Australia." O every burning question that affected the.. wprking class they would find that the puclel leaders were the first in the field to give' direction to the working class how to meet the situation. "LAW AND ORDEMI, . Mr. Francis said he believed that, in Australia there was no rear suippbrt for the doctrines for which these anen stood. The bulk of Austtallarl people, including an overwhelming mdjourity of trades unionists, were tftally op posed to them. Yet it was' throegh the trades unions that these 'then *whr" Working in order to attaidzf t"eir iHe farlous ends. The Government had :one to the people saying, "this Is your battle; It Is your rights, your freedom, your welfare that are in danger. You are asked to say whether you stand for the dictator ship of the Communist 'leaders in Australia or whether you stand for the rule of our own country through the Government we elect." MARKETS CUT OTF'." Every farmer was faced iwith this serious position. Australia had been almost completely cut off from tine markets of the world. Over £10, 000,000 worth of primary. products were awaiting shipping to. convey' it to the markets of the wprld, ?;.ngup in our ports at the will of ~, few. ex tremists. When space was ..gain available, our accumulated~ .pprimary Products must be offered iln a glt ted market, which would: naturq)]y mean the loss of many mill'tos to the Producers of Australia. The primary Producers must suffer. most .semvexely from these strlktes brouglt ..g)i2p . tly tihe agents. of Coimmunlisrm. alid.,their misfortune mqst be definitely:.reflecl ed in every industry. In,AVsitralia, whether In tile city or. ,colntry. This was the main issue at this .elec tlion: Was the progress and prosperity of Australia steadily to advance, along smooth constitutional paths., ipproved by the people, or was chaos.,o .indus trial unrest to rule, at the will. f' a lew foreign extremists? "A FINE RECORD.." Senator Sir William Glasgow eulo gised the work of MIr. Francls. The Government's record, lie said, was, one of which any government might well be proud. He referred to 'thie hstory of the Pact, and the great success it had proved. "I am sure' lie said, "that the Country Party has benefited by accepting the responsibillty." Australia was a vast empy ycontitn ent, vulnerable and undeveloped. An ever Increasing population was. essen tial. The Government had -arranged with the British Government for a large sum of money for extensive de velopmental works at a low rate of.in, terest. Cheap money was tipeqsary.. It was proposed to assist secondary industries by providjng effective prb tection. How could the Australian sugar industry compete with Java, with "black" laIour? ' The' primary industries were also to be 'atsisted. Imperial preference would :enablle primary products to obtain 'an ad vantage in England. The Dairy Ex port Control Board had already In creased the price of ."IKagaroo", but ter, which was now closer to that of New Zealand butter than..it had ever been. The Board should not be sat isfied, however, until it received the samo price as New Zealand and Dan ish butter. If the .White 'Australian polity and the present high standard of living were to be maintalned,; Aus tralia should he prepared. to.defend them. An efficient nucleugof., lapd forces was now being seta up. Sir Williatm concluded by stressing the need for a constitutional government and the expulsion of tile Communis tic curse. Senator Givens said the BrutceGov ernlnent was demanlding a mandate to govern the country on bbhalf :of the whole of the people-a democratic government-and not allow a govern ment by a miserable handful of usurp ers. Various State Governments were backing up these usurpser, how cver, and were refusing to carry.out constitutional government..-, .Clhaos was inevitable. No self-respecting C, mmtonwealth Government could tol erate this position. "We are in favour of unionism," the speaker continued, "and what we are going to do is to give full legal. recog nition to thile unions and to give them full legal power and authority, but at the same time, to ensure that the power shall be wielded by the mem bers of the unlons themselves, and not by self-appointed "sycophants." The men must be consulted in future anfd lave an opportunity of saying whether or not they would act. Numerous questions were answer ed. At the ronclusion of the meeting a vote of thlanls was passed to the Chmairrman. (.4. N. Yarra and . W. Lingard, Brll?atne-street, Ipswichn.) 