Death of Queen Alexandra The Dowager Queen Alexandra passed away peacefully at 5.25 o'clock on Friday evening, following upon a sev- ere heart attack the previous morn- ing. King George, Queen Mary, and other members of the Royal family were present at the beside. The Queen Mother would have at- tained her 81st birthday on Decem- ber 1 next. STORY OF HER LIFE For her kindness, her charity, her sweetness of character, her humanness, her love of and interest in people of all ranks and degrees-for all these Queen Alexandra was beloved by Bri- tish people throughout the world. As Princess, Queen and Queen Mother she endeared herself to the hearts of those who revere and pay homage to British Royalty. Children, men and women of all ages, enshrined her with in their hearts as the ideal Queen. Australia, loyal to British traditions, became intimately acquainted with her, for, though she never visited these shores, it had followed her queenly career of 60 years with deep abiding interest. Although we knew that she had advanced far into the uncertain evening of life, the Queen Mother had become so permanently sheltered within our hearts and minds that the news of her sudden illness on Thursday, and again the humbling news of her death on Friday, came with a shock that numbed the public mind. Especially was this regret manifest among the middle-aged and old, for, after all, they had lived the greater part of their lives when she was their Princess of Wales and Queen. Queen Alexandra was the eldest daughter and second child of Prince Christian of Glucksburg and Princess Louise of Hesse. At the age of six- teen Prince Christian was received as the adopted son of Frederick VI. of Denmark, and eventually came to the throne of that country. His home before his accession was the Gule Palace, Copenhagen, and here his eld- est daughter was born on December 1, 1844. She was named Alexandra, after the sister of Alexander II. of Russia. The life of the Princess and her sisters was very quiet and domes- tic, her father's income being so small that many economies had to be practised; thus the children were in the habit, when coming in from a walk, of changing their pretty frocks for less spoilable overalls; they were taught to be tidy in their own rooms, and learned how to make their own clothing. They had a resident Swiss lady as governess, and various profes- sors taught them different subjects. Alexandra received her first English lesson on January 5, 1858. During their childhood Hans Anderson, the Danish fairy tale teller, was writing his charming stories, which the child- ren read eagerly — a sure incentive to good behaviour being the promise of 'The Ugly Duckling' or 'The Marsh King's Daughter.' When the Princess was but ten years old she came to London on a visit to the Duchess of Cambridge, and went to a party given by Queen Victoria at Buckingham Palace. Though the Duchess' daughter; Mary, was some years older than the little Dane, a great affection sprang up be- tween them, and many were the visits paid by Alexandra to Rumpenheim-on- the-Maine, a long, large palace, which belonged to Mary's grandfather, the Landgrave Frederick of Hesse, and where several Royal courtships were helped forward. A FATEFUL MEETING. When Prince Albert Edward was but 19, a friend drew from his pocket a photograph, intonding to show the face of his betrothe. Instead he drew out a portrait of Princess Alex- andra of Denmark, one which greatly interested the young Prince. The next day, calling upon the Duchess of Cambridgo, he saw the same face in miniature on the table, and thus be- gan his first interest in his Princess. In the autumn of 1861 the Prince went to Germany, and there, in the cathedral at Speyer, he saw a party approaching him, in the midst of which was the fair face he so much admired. The young people were in- troduced to each other and went round the cathedral together. That this meeting and a subsequent one at Heidelberg were not altogether ac- cidental is shown by the fact that the Prince Consort entered in his diary: "We hear nothing but excellent ac- counts of the Princess Alexandra... The young people seem to have taken a warm liking to each other." The death of the Prince Consort put aside all thought of marriage, and it was not until nearly a year had passed that the Prince and Princess again met, and then at Rumpenheim. A little later an arranged meeting was made at the Belgian Court, by which time rumour had so spread that at a picnic to Villar's Abbey a number of country girls dressed in white pres- ented a bouquet to the young Prin- cess. The Prince was most lover-like, and when Alexandra made a sketch of the ruins he promptly took posses- sion of it. Queen Victoria visited Brussels in September, and the be- trothal took place at the palace at Laeken. THE WEDDING. This was the first marriage cele- brated at Windsor since that of Henry I. in 122. The ceremony was most imposing; everything was capi-- tally managed, and not a single hitch occurred. Queen Victoria was in deep mourning in the Royal Closet. Nothing could be more picturesque than the scene when, amidst the pound of drums and trumpets, the procession, with all the gorgeous hues of uniform and beautiful toilets, moved up the nave.Each Princess, on reaching the dais, made a profound obeisance to the Queen. Both Prince and Princess spoke their vows very distinctly. As soon as it was over, the Queen hurried back to the Castle and, receiving them, kissed them both, "and then", as it was said "followed them upstairs like a lttle suivanto. " From the day of her marriage to the present time no word other than good has been said of Queen Alexan- dra. Of her, as of all Sovereigns many stories are told, and all alike tend to show the kindness of her heart, the strength of her goodness and her appreciation of humour. Even the sad Queen melted under her influence. It is well known that Queen Victoria clung to all outward show of her woe, and Princess Alexandra tried often to get her to dispense with the heavy warm draperies. Once she persuaded her Majesty to let her alter a bonnet, removing a quantity of crepe and doing the necessary re= trimming. The Queen took it back with a sigh, and — to the surprise of those who knew her — wore the bonnet. THE CORONATION. The long reign of Queen Victoria closed with her lamented death on January 22, 1901. The coronation of King Edward and Queen Alexandra took place on August 9, 1902. The scene was even more brilliant than that of their wedding. The Queen, perhaps the most beautiful and digni- fied of all the queens crowned in Westminster, was anointed upon the head only, and was both crowned and anointed kneeling. At the moment of crowning, the peeresses, with a ryth- mical movement of their white arms, placed their crimson capped coronets upon their heads. When her Majesty had received the sceptre and the ivory rod, supported by the bishops, she ad- vanced from the altar, bowed rever- ently to the King, and took her place upon her own throne. The Holy Com- munion was administered by Arch- bishop Temple, who was feeble with years; and it may be because, though he had crowned the King, the Arch- bishop of York had crowned the Queen, that after administering the Communion to his Majesty he carried the cup away towards the High Altar until reminded that the Queen was awaiting his offices. ORDER OF THE GARTER. Queen Alexandra was the only lady who possessed the Order of the Gar- ter, and she was also head of the Women's Imperial Order of the Crown of India, which was instituted by the late Queen. Great as was her sorrow when the lamented death of King Edward oc- curred, the deep interest of Queen Alexandra in the many philanthropic movements which claimed her atten- tion, never for a moment abated, but rather quickened. She was a constant visitor to hospitals almost to the last. POMPOUS EX-KAISER. Alexander Carlisle, a septuagenarian who formerly was associated with the shipbuilding firm of Harland and Wolff, Ltd., and who has been a life long friend of the ex-Kaiser, spent last week-end at Doorn. He told a representative of the London 'Even- ing News ' ' that the ex-Kaiser, in a glittering uniform and wearing decora- tions and medals, with his wife mag- nificently dressed and his staff in brilliant uniforms, dined in Potsdam- like state. The ex-Kaiser told Mr. Carlisle that lawyers made the Great War, whereas honost diplomacy would have prevent- ed it. He declared that England's future was terribly insecure. Her fin- ancial burden was intolerable, and she was gravely threatened by the 'Yel- low Peril.' Lady Oxford's name being mention- ed, the ex-Kaiser recalled that he was riding in Rotten Row one day when a woman dashed up to him, and their horses collided. "The impact knocked my foot from the stirrup,' he said. 'I sent an aide-de-camp after her and she returned, blushing and apolo- gised. King Edward later said to me 'So you've met Margot Tennant ? She wagered she would introduce her- self to you.' ' ? ? ? The House of Assorribly has passed a bill to make the imposition by moneylenders of excessive rates of in- terest a criminal offence. The rate is limited to 100 per cent., and lenders charging more will render themselves liable to imprisonment for 12 months or a fine of £100. The Attorney-Gen- eral said one or two firms in Hobart had been charging their unfortunate victims as much as 1100 and 1200 per cent. for loans. ? ? ? « William Dixon, an immigrant, went stone blind on the road two miles from Inverell. He had been suffering from weak eyes. He found his way into Inverell by following the fence, and ultimately scrambled into a shop. He was taken to the hospital. 