The Export [Tracie REVIEW B¥~J. CARROLL. In ¡i review ol' tho export trade in diiir* products at a recent Melbourne conference, Mr. I'. J. Carroll, fcinjioi visor of Dairy .Exports, stated that tho present season had established au Australian record. Up to May 2, 3925, soino 00,-179 tons of butter wcro graded for export to all destinations. Ot' this quantity 05,01.'! tuns were slapped to tho United Kingdom, 7, !U t .tons of pot. .butter, to Eastern and oilier destinations, and ",827 tons of tinned butter to Hie East. Owing tu tho prolific season production was much heavier than anticipated, ¡md conse quently many factories wcro over taxed in dealing with tho extra quan tities of cream, received. Such over taxing of xdaut. and stall was not con ducive to tho best results, and tho euro which was so essential if wc were .to maintain a favorable position in tho London market was lacking. Notwithstanding this, however, there was a slight increase in thu quantity of "choicest" butter examined in tli-s Commonwealth. Australia, was a vast continent, with varying conditions of climate and pastures, representing many problems diilicult ol' solution. Concentration of effort of ¡ill engaged in tho industry was necessary therefore .to bring about a universal uplift in thu quality of dairy produce exported from thc Commonwealth. AV'hilo one or moro of tho Stales, through natural or other disabilities, lagged behind ia tho question ol' quality, thc standing of tho whole of tho Commonwealth must sutler. Continuing, Mi. Carroll declared that ho was a believer in tho boosting of our products, not only on tho other side of thc world, but in tho country ol' production. Australians were too prone, at limes, lo decry their own goods, and ho firmly be lieved that it was duo to such'.boost ing that both Banish and New Zealand butters to-day realised higher prices on tho London market than Australian. Thanks .to tho enterprise of one of the selling companies, an opportunity of comparing tho quality of Danish butter with our own make would bo given them, and bo felt suro that they would agreo with hint that (ho Vic torian butter did not suffer by Com parison. Thia saiuplo of Danish but ter was certainly of iiuo quality, and appeared to havo suffered, little in transport, and it was at no disadvant age in tho comparison for tho reason that tho local butters had been in cool storo for a period of eight weeks, which was tho equivalent of time necessary to transport butter from ono sido of tho world to tho otlier. Mr. J. Proud,..ty¡ representativo of tho association on tho Stale Dairy Advisory Board, submitted a report on tho activities of that body. Referring to tho Dairy Control Act, ho stated that ho had taken vigorous exception to that portion of tho Act which ex empted tho Eastern .trado from . its operations. In his opinion, this was a serious blemish to tho Act, and was likely to causo distrust and suspicion between different sections of tho sell ing organisation of tho industry, ¡iud was ¡i gravo reflection on tho ability and integrity of thc control board tho Act was bringing into being. All co- j (íporativo factories should vigorously protest against .tho omission, _ ¡md ' should soize tho curliest opportunity ,lo press for tho amendment of tho Act j to includo all export trade in butter and cheese. Continuing, tho . report stilted that margarine manufacture was becoming ajmonaco to tho dairy industry, and steps woro being taken 1}y tho council to" bavo margarine con trolled. It was not generally known that margarino was composed largely oir vegetable fats grown by cheap col ored labor, and tho finished article was thou allowed to competo with their industry. lie behoved that ou these fats tlioro should be imposed an excise duty that would .bring their cost to that of butler fat. It was interest ing lb uoto that in Canada tho manu facturo of margarine had boen prout-'j bitcd. i After a winter spent in tho warmth j of tho kitchen, tho parrot had boen | restored to tho bosom of his family iii ,| the dining-room. Ile showed .only, a,j scant interest in tho first meal ho was called-upon to witness, until tho bell was rung for tho second course, ¡ind liieu his oyo lightened .intelligently. "Aw,he 'croaked balefully, "lot 'um ring again!" . To löst rho theory Huit a ptrson in normal physical condition falling from o, great height loses consciousness in til« coursa o£ bis descent two Ameri can aviators plunged head-Iirst from an aeroplane at au altitude ol' 3000 feel. They did not pull thc cords which opened their parachuted unlil they bad dropped 1000 feel, or more. Both reported that, at no tinto did they feel I heir Menses leaving them. They arc convinced that they would have relaiund full possession ol' them until they struck the ground had they con tinued to fall so far. Largely as a result nf tho operation of the new restrictive ? immigration law of thc United States, emigration from Italy lo foreign countries fell off last year to 32 per cent below that of. Ibo 'preceding year. Italian emi gration reached a grand total during tho year of 401,008 persons, 08,000 of llicse going to Argentina, 30,000 lo tho United States, 10,000 to Brazil, 5000 lo. Australia, and 4,000 to Canada. , 