BRITISH OUTLOOK „ . IS GLOOMY SHIPPING STRIKE EXTENDS VESSELS ARE HELD UP IN MANY PORTS AWAITING DOCKERS' DECISION T»E SEAMEN'S DISPUTE threatens to grow into an international up heaval. THE MINISTER FOR MINES, in llie late Mac.lonald l.anor Govern ment, Mr. Emanuel Shimvcll, has noiv thrown his weight he- lund the sailors. Many porta in England are seriously olTcctcd. THE DANISH, JAPANESE, INDIAN and CHINESE SEAMEN also have taken action. It is extremely likely that other countries will join wilhin the next few days. JJEANWHILE tho striker# in Sydney have indignantly re- Jeetod tho owners' psacs offer, anil r. etandlng aotidly for tho reten tion of the £ 1 a month reduction. Watersiders' Support "That with rcgurd to tho ovcrsonii -eamrn'H dispute and the possibili ties therein, and also the possibilities of thu deportation action of the Bruce Government, the Sydney branch ot the Uatornlde Workera' Federation rocominendft that the Feflcral nuui- agement commltteo be Immediately summoned In order to deal effectively with uny devrlopmentn which may arise, and In order to Hccure uniform action by tho Federation." Tho above resolution wan carried at the meeting of tho Waterside Work- era Federation yesterday morning, after Messrs. Tom Fleming and W. Casey, officials of tho Seamen's Union, hud given addresses. Tho Federation also voted £50 to the support of the atrlkers, this being the largest amount which the rules allow lo bo voted at one meeting. The next meeting will give further con sideration to the question of support. Premier Complimented Tho action of tho Stato Lobnr Gov ernment was supported by the Fede ration In tho following resolution: "That this meeting of the Fede- ration compliments the State Labor Premier, Mr. Lang, tcr his action In refusing to allow the Bruce Federal Qovernment lo use the State of New South Wales for the purpose of deporting anyone from Australia." One speaker pointed out that the action of tho Bruce Government In waging urn upon the striking .seamen wax In contradistinction to Its policy of immigration. "TheHe men." ho an Id, "aro of a tine type. nnd thu Commonwealth almuld be only loo pleased lo welcome them iih settlers, if they dn not succeed In forcing thu Shipping Combine to pay them a living wage. It would be a good thing for fho Federal Government to Induce them tn atny lu the country, and It should offer to bring nut their depen dents nlfto. 1 "This,' he concluded, "would he a ravine on our present ImmlBrnllon policy, nnd, at thn samo time, would be an action which would result In substantial beneiU to the Common wealth." Other Unions' Aid Resolutions congratulating the Brit ish seamen upon tholr stand for a liv ing wage were passed on Tuesday night at meetings of tho Watchmakers and Jewellers Union and the Hotel, Club and Restaurant Employees Union. The State Fremlor was also congratulated for his stand for the rights of British subjects. The Hotel Employees' Union sub scribed £20 to the support of the sea men. nnd tho Jewellors' Union £2/2/. British Position Thn Kprcihl ot the ntrlkc In RnRlnnil was clearly disclosed In yesterday's cables. Mr. Emanuel Shinwell, ex-Min- Ifter for Mines and National Or- Banisor for the Amalgamated Mar ine Workers' Union, has gone to Liverpool for the purpose for or ganising the looal resistance againet the ship owners. Southampton Is the utorm centre of tho English position at present Ave liners, including the Majestic, ono of iho ihreo largest vohbcIh In tho world being hung up. Others affected Include the Edinburgh Cnatlo, Royal Mall packet Arngua. the Melllln. and others. At Avonmouth tho Cavlna and Araca- tnc.i aro hung up, nnd, dcsirtte tho fact that tho Wilson un:on is endeavoring to orgAnlso "scabs." cannot got away. t.rindnn, It lo learned from a trust worthy source. Is nfTccted to even greater extent, and the security of tho strikers Ih now assured. There the strike has broken out on the vessels of the P. nnd ft. IJne. At Hull, the colored crew of the Molvlllo have refused to nail, and the troubln h spreading to other boats. Shinwell's Entry The entry of Mr, Shinwell into the strike ia the most significant feature of the cable news which has so for reached this counry, Mr. Shinwell is a respected, mode rate leader of English tabor. Within the next few days It is Highly prob- ablo thut tho English dockers will niovo hi thn matter. The strike hue spread also to the Duulsh and Japanese seamen. At Cop enhagen a general transport strike hns ocurrod, while at Tokyo the Jap- nncHo crew of tho CP.H. liner Km- i Mi.'hH ut Russia, huvo strucK for an Increase lu pay. A crew uf Chinese ' strikebreakers hns, so far, not been 1 ablo to land, The Deportation Board will snect nt Durilnghurst Court at 10.20 this morning to decide whether the lenders of the Fonmcn's Union— -Messrs. Walsh and Johnson — should bo deported. 