Romance of Australian Goldfields Rush. One of the greatest Tomances of emigration and fortune is revealed by the will of Mrs. Millicent Emily Salt ing, 's. rich Mayfair widow, who has left nearly £2,000,000 (says the Lon don "Sunday News"). The foundations of this great wealth were laid by. a poor Danish emigrant who weht out" to Australia 50 years ago. In no less romantic fashion the bulk of the fortune has passed, under two wills, to the old Scottish family of the Earl of, Haddington. The present Earl inherits about £1,000,000 under tko latest will.' Friendless, and with little money, a young Dane went out to Australia in 1835—before the great gold rush—"to seek his fortune." . : How he found it and became a iml lionaire—first. as sheep'farmcr,.. then as merchant, and by taking advantage of the opting and development of the goldfields—is recalled by the. death of Mrs. Millicent Emily Salting, Ms. daiighter-ih-iaw," whose will re veals an enormous estate of nearly £2,000,000. - Fortune Doubled. Mrs. Salting lived in a spacious mansion in Berkeley, square, a "house famous for its art treasures. But since the death of -her husband she has retired almost completely from social -life, to live in a manner little suggestive of lifer vast wealth. \- When it was m ade known that the £991^24 left to her 19 years ago by her husband, Mr. - Wflliato -Heverin Salting, son of the' poor Danish; emi grant, had been nearly doubled, even the Closest friends of Mrs. Salting were taken by surprise. . ' Mr. Halting, sfen., established him self as -a sheepfariner m Australia; .nearly 90 years' ago, 4nd made a ■ suc cess of it. When, the gold rash of 1851 came , and galvanised the whole counfey mfe. ,a; frenzied '^ia^ty,- he hid .what neatly able-bodied man in Australia did—he joined in the' rush. A2M lie wzs lucky. He found gold. 'In 'that mad stampede in the bleak wilderness, beneath which the gold waited the seeker, in vast quantities, fortunes were sometimes made in a night. - Men struck with a pick to find revealed -fo them the yellow sparkling ; treasure of a King Solomon's mine.: Nuggets weighing 500 ozs. and more were hacked oat of the'rack. One such was sold for ££0,500. r Land Investment../ Mr. Salting extended his scopfe of money making. " The cash he got for hte^gbld he mvesfed hi land, and, with the -enormous rises in values which followed the opening up of the couh jfry, thp ^mihg pf the telegraplb rail way :and -fresh population .and capital; Mn,d 'proved a second > gold mine for iHe joined forces with two othfer en terprising-men, and founded the >Sy& aey firm of Flower, Salting, ChalHs and Co. Salting'was in on ' rockbottom prices. The country grew; he gVew with 'it. ''.-..V-' /When, |h 1857,' Mfc ; Salting deter snMed to:.fetire and settle in-England w|th MP two -sonsj;. ;i;William : and hfe was reputed tobe a roil lionaire, and 4 he was. He bought a beautiful estate at Chertsey, Surrey, and there he lived until his death in 1865. His vast fortune he left/to his two sons,- each of whom inherited bvci ^liOOO/OOO. ^ The eldest s0n, William, who^ wid «w's wilLIiaP just been praved, died in 1805, and left £931,224. His widow inherited this fertmje: infect For 18 ^ -years /she has -lived quietly, never <. ependrng a tithe of her Mcome^fraeltK railed M ori her automatically, and her vast capital grew unMl, at her death at the age. of 76, it had almost doubled itself. - ^he gross value of her estate is -£1,968,184, Mr. , George Salting, the younger Son of the Danish immigrant, WO a world-famous- art; connoisseur.. He devoted "his; whole ■ life tg .collecting objeets of art. - Society, Juxury and travel did not interest him. He had only one passion—his art treasures He liynd alone in a . small set of chambers in St. ^araes-stee^tj' Whore his rooms were overcrowded -with a unique; flection of art rtareasures-7 pictures, rae hooks, sculptures, 'porce lains, enamels, bronzes, and old gold dhd silver,' He. was a well-known figure—an in significant shabby-looking man, who j roiU.cn omnibuses and JMpk-his; ineaj ? in cheap tea shops. • . ' • ' • •Vr~* fj "His collection of Glunses porcelain of ;ihefineirt-in existence. At the .spitzer ait sale at Paris,, in 1893, he spent what was then considered iiie qaoimous sum of £49,000 on ob jects which feok his^fancy. Oh his death .he bequeathed tiie^BJBgter part of 3us treasures to the National jSal ^leijL.the^BritiEh^.lflnseuji}, an<f the Vicferia.and .AJ^ertMueeiim/ South Kensington. , ;'.. ; r.His" vast. fortune,—£1,348,083—4ie Irft te hk niece (the only child; of his slst^in-tew^MmvMijUeent eating), who had married; Lord Binning, eldest sob of tOIU . V ' . . ■ Bich Young Earl. The present Earl, 80 years of age, a. son of Lady Binning and a grand son of Mrs. .Millicent :Saltihg. on the maternal. side—^-and therefore ; great-- ■ grandson of the old. Peiilgh .adventur ers-won the M.C. iii the war nnft owns about 34,090 acres of land. ' He. mar ried, daughter/ of. Mi\ C.-Wj Coo|^ of Mop itreal, a millionaire Canadian business; jman."- \ ; j Lbrd Haddington now receives, un '■d^. the will of Ms grandmother, a us resid-' usiy l^gatee. ' ;■ Thus by these two giant bequests to the Earl and his mother, the ac cumulations of the fortune of the emi grant Dane have now passed, almost intact, to the. Haddington family, a family whose history goes back nearly "500 years. Mrs. Salting stated in her will that she had omitted her daughter, Lady Binning, from her will because ad ditional superfluous wealth would have been only adding responsibility to her. - Other Legacies. Other bequests of the late million aires include:^ £159,000 to each of her grand children, Lady Helen and the Hon. Charles Baillie-Hamilton. £6000 each to her solicitor and bank manager. £10,000 in charity, and numerous smaller bequests to friends and rela tions. "She gave away enormous sums of money," said a lady who knew Mrs. Salting intimately, ^'especially during the war." She made over Hatch End, Ascot, one of her two country houses, to the Air Force in order that the soldiers might have comfortable rest quarters- She has bequeathed two cases of Battersea and Chelsea ena mels to the natipn. Kathleen Pearson, Mrs. Salting's maid, receives £1200, her amethysts in plain gold' setting, and her fitted dressing bag. Her butler, . Albert Hawkins, receives £10G0, and other servants are also, "remembered." The death duties on the estate will amount to £670,000. Only four, other women have left bigger fortunes than that of Mrs. Salting; • 