FEOERAl ELECTIONS is 0 ENATOR PEARCE AT MOORA la a n Before a large audience on Monday U vening last at the Town Hall Senaor Pearce (Minister for Home and go a erritories) «ave an excellent address . a connexion with his candidature. ^ nd the issue upon the Federa, — ^ f f i ' S f by do.m Denton (memberJfor Moore) who iu a. ; rw— brief speech introduced the Minister to the electors. Senator Pearce said he came before them for a renewal of their confidence and to give an account of his stewardship during the reign of the Federal Parliament just ended, and -to tell them what the Government, of which he was a member, had done in the past and their intentions in the future At the outset, he desired to explain how impossible it is for a Federal Minister to visit his con stituents more often. As they knew, he was controlling one of the largest departments in the Bruce-Page Cabinet, During the recess he was not able, as other members are, to put in the whole of that time visiting his electorate, as it "was during the time | the House was not sitting that the bulk of the work of his department had to be attended to; He men tiened this, as it had been seized upon as one of the reasons why they should nob again return him. He would also like to point out to them that it was a great advantage to the State to have a member in the Federal Cabinet. . The speaker then went on to'deal with the vital questions that affected Western Australia in Federal politics. The tariff was a protective tine and in some instances a high protective one. This; he explained, did not suit our State, as our indus tries are primary, and in this regard he explained his position as a member of a Protectionist Government. He had put his position before the other W.A. representatives, ,and they had all agreed that it would be better not to get out, as the whole of the other members would be in the same position, To get out would be cutting one's nose off to spite one's face, and as it is ah advantage to the State to have Cabinet status it was agreed that, he should not get out, Commonwealth shipping an$l the strike were next referred to. The loss sustained by the strike totalled half a million, which the ratepayers had to fipd to keep the line going, and it was through this fact that they determined to sell, conditionally that the freights and fares were not raised. The unifica tion "of the railway gauge system and the air service were next dealt with and fully explained. The construction of roads under the £ for £ system was one which they intended should be continued in tfce future, and quite recently the Federal Government had granted a large snm free from any condition "whatever. This monev could be spent on main or roads other than feeder roads. . Mar- ketsforour produce and preferential f trade were questions which had been given the closest attention. Great Britain had departed for the first time in her history ia giving preference to our produce. Last_ year was the largest butter export to the home market\ Previously our butter was branded and so'd as Danish or other butter, but for the first tiine in our history Australian butter was branded and sold as Australhn Kan garoo brand In connection with this a good strory was told in which it was said that the butter was made from kangaroo milk (Laughter) Immigration they were determined to develop, but to do so they must have money Under the new immigration agreement they received money atia low rate of interest, but it was to be spent in opening up the land and not on any immigration scheme for paying passages The Commonwealth Bank and its advanlages under the scheme formulated to give rural credits were fuliy explained, which gave the directors authority to advance up to 8 j per cent ol the value of produce to be exported," and advantage would a'so be taken ot the most favourable opportunities to export In referring briefly to defence the candidate said that it would be impossible for a mere handful of people to finance the ^tfence of Australia without aid After referring to our finances and our war debt, and the gold mining industry, the speaker referred to the recent favourable report cf the Commission on our disabilities! under Federation When that Commis sion was first mooted Mr Bruce and Dr Page gave him (the speaker) the opportunity of naming the Commission, and those Commissioners have reported that W.A. had suffered from the Federal tariff and also by the war, to a greater-extent than the Eastern States by the heavy incotfie tax of one fifth in Western Australia, while in Victoria it was is 6d in the £ To overcome this the Constitution would have to be amended ; but they had decided to grant a refund of £450,000, and it is intended to bring down a bi'l to pay this for one vear, and by this means future arrangements could start on that basis Under the soldier settlement scheme every State had incurred feeayy losses, and W.A. to have no less a sum than £760,- 00 wri ten off The scheme formuted by the Federal Government to yoid indiscriminate borrowing was ow approved of by the whole States nder that sch?me the State were ble to obtaia money more advantaeously Referring to the main issue f the election—industrial peace Pearce said .that through the J ™ £wortog V wages-,hat wages—that was Mr M Walsh's ^ w S ecord for eight years No country as weilthy enough to to stand this it meant bankruptcy The whole trade had been paralysed, ths tourist traffic had been stopped'& boarding house keepers and others in Tasmania had been ruined by the stoppage - of this transport trade AU this had happened while the doors of the' Arbitration Court—the creation of the Labor party—werejstill open He went cn to show how closely allied were the Labor Party and Communism, and exhibited a photo by which he illustrated his assertion, showing our Federal members—A E Green and W E Needham— - grouped with the leader of Comtnu nism in Australia (Mr Joe Gardner) and others of the same creed The Federal authorities were now seeking the power and authority to stamp out Communism, which was the clean cut issue which the electors had to decide, so that we could work out our destiny in not in strife They must" meet organisation by organisation, and he appealed to those present to do everything possible to see that every vote was recorded They must, he reminded them, vote for the whole of the seven candidates, and again earnestly asked them to give first preference vote to the group which is standing for law and order and industrial peace—MuIIany, Lynch and Pearca—in any order of preference they pleased* In reply to a question as to the Federal road grant and the through road to Gera'.dton, via Watheroo and Coorow, the Minister said this would come under the category of a-national road, and he would da his best to secure, a grant* The question of bridges would also come under the scheme, from the unconditional grant Several other questions -having been asked and answered satisfactorily, a vote of thanks was , movedjby Mr P, D. Ferguson (chairman of the Moora Road Board), seconded; b£iMr J, Carrick. J P. Mr Ferguson taok advantage of the ~ occasion to ^bring under the notice of the Minister the unfair allocation of Federal money for road construction, for; while the South-West received a large sum of the grant the roads north of Perth were treated in a very : inggardly .fashion. •'•.'I&S; The vote was carried by4B@ama* mation, and in turn the candidate moved a vote of thanks to the chairman. Royal Show Successes.—It is^pleas* jng to note the success of one bf our local breeders (and one of theft most recent to the district) at ths Royal Show in the Jersey section. With & bull, under 2 years old, Mr J. C. Bushell, of 'Trelawney,* Watheroo, gained -1st prize and reserve champion Mr Bushel! also secured third; prize With a cow 1 years and over ; 1st and 2nd in the special prize donated by the Australian Jersey Herd Society, This pii/3 is the most sought after by breeders in the; Jersey class as was shown by the large number of entries, and makes the win a'l the more meritorious.' Mr Bushell was also suc» cessful in a pen of three heifers under 18 months, bred by exhibitor. Two of these heifers were only five months, while the heifer was '10 months. These successes are all the ; more interesting when it is known that the foundation of the Trelawney herd ia of so recent a date, and Mr Bushell is to be congratulated on gaining so much distinction in this class.' ' Convent Tennis.,—A very pleasant afternoon was spent by many Moora people on Wednesday of last week when the tennis courts belonging to," the convent were opened' for play. The opening ceremony was performed by Mrs Denton, who in a short speech appealed to. past and present pupils to join up and make the club a success. Several local players tried the new courts and great interest in the games was evinced by.the onlookers. After* noon tea was served through.;- the hospitality of the ladies committea and enjoyed by all. The sisters are to be congratulated on the splendid courts which they have provided for ha children. o • t> Clearing Sale.—-An advertisement concerning a clearing sale at Miling on October 31 is advertised in this issue 