More Settlers Contingent by the Ormuz The Orient Royal mall liner Ormuz, from London, via ports, arrived at the Now- Form wharf yesterday. The vessel, in the command of Captain F. R. O'Sulllvnn, left Tilbury Docks on biilurday, October 81, with 224 first- class and 878 tlilrd-elass passengers, 330 of the latter being immigrants. Amongst the lirsl-elass passengers who left tlio Ormuz at Colombo were 13 adherents of the Liberal-Catholic Church, including Dr. Annie Besnnt, Right Reverend Bishop Arundale and his wife, Right Reverend Bishop Wedgwood Krishnammtl ("The Mes siah"), Messrs. D. Rnjugopalaeharya and Bengeal Rao. The party was hound for Madras, where a congress and Its attendant religious ceremonies would take place. BAD WEATHER. Exceptionally bad weather was ex perienced from tlio commencement of the Ormuz's trip. AVhen crossing the Bay' of Biscay down to tho Portuguese coast a full soutii -westerly was en countered, this being followed by a dense fog ' off Lisbon, which lusted until the vessel arrived nt Gibraltar. The weather continued bad to Toulon. In the Gulf of Lyons it was blowing a hurricane until the liner came under the lee of (lie French ccast. The weather conditions were slightly better thereafter to Port Said. Tho captain remarked that most except ional wea ther was experienced in the Red Sea. Violent thunderstorms and torren tial rain caused n further delay. The disturbance is said to be probably the tall end of a cyclone that lind just previously passed over Southern India. Colombo was reached two days and six hours behind scheduled time, but from that point onward the voyage was .one of great pleasure. Armistice Day was celebrated with a brief ser vice on tho sb iji's deck, Flanders popples being sold in aid of Earl I-Iaigh's Soldiers' Fund. INFLUX OF FOREIGNERS. Or the 120 passengers in the third class ifor Brisbane tlio following nationalities were represented by one or moro persons: Swedish, Italian, Greek, Dutch. .Batavian, Jtigo-Sluvs, German, Polish, Danish, Bulgarian, French, Syrians, and Austrian. The nominated British immigrants included 30 persons, while, in addition, there wore 14 youths designated ns farm learners. A pleasing feature in connection with this happy band of people is that the whole of the GO per sons are about to make their homes on tho land in Queensland. Messrs. E. H. Abel and J. O'Neil-Breiinn (Immigra tion Department) met the new arrivals. A PLEASANT VOYAGE. "Wo were a liappy band of travel lers," said a third-class passenger aboard tlie Ormuz to a "Telegraph" reporter in the afternoon. This new- ' comer went on to describe the many fancy dress balls, dnnces, concerts, deck competitions held throughout the voyage from London to Brisbane. Another passenger related how the spirit of good fellowship existed be tween the saloon and third-class pas sengers. Tlie Indies and gentlemen travelling in tho saloon look the lull round and collected £30, which amount they donated for prizes and other in cidentals for tlie bcnelll of tho 200 children In tlie tlilrd-class portion of the ship. It was learned that tho prizes given to each child were greatly prized by tlie youngsters, especially as tlie saloon passengers came and assisted to make tlie children's out ings n success. Tlie passengers speak in appreciative terms also of tlie as sistance rendered by tlie master, ollleers, and stewardesses (.Misses D. Turner and E. Small. 