SUPERIOR RACE. The Fair Nordics. . .'.rOWiUEltOHS ANI> RULERS. EUROPE'S THREE TYPES. "Not long betore the _ war. the ;re'ne- , gatle Englishman. Houston Chamber- I lain developed for tho- e'tllficatlqn of.: the Kaiser' and ills subjects the theory that nearly all . the great; men .oLhis-: tory, including the Founder of Chris- 1 tianity, belonged to tjie . Nordic race, a 'breed of superhumen. represented 1 by the Germans and Scandinavians, and, with some dilution, by tile Eng lish," (writes Dean Inge In the Lon don "MorSfng .iostfyW ¥'""1 ' "Anyone »vhdjtoo| thcl physical tharncteV Israel oftEe tHreS. yf.i'ins which tnnke up the population of Europe can . see for himself that the Germans are not Nordics, but a mixed race" 'in which the stocky, round-headed 'Alpine breed predomi- nates. "The purest Nordics, are to be found in "Sweden; next to the Swedes in racial; purity come the Norwegians, Danhs, Dutch, and Eig- lish. Elsewhere the Nordics are an aristocratic type differing markedly from_'- the masses, especially In the towns. . "Has the Nordic race tho-:' superi- i orityj which has been claimed for it? And are racial differences, apart from nationality, a 'very important factor ina . iSuropean. history? Race and nationality , are quite different things. The- only -definition of. a nation is a largo group- of people who wish to belong together. The French, for j example," are -Intensely national, but i racially they belong to three 'differ- I ent stocks. Long Heads and Round 'Heads. i "M'r. Lotrop Stoddard, who Is well known as a prophet of racialism in ; the interpretation of history, lias lately | put hi3 tlibory to the test by visiting ' almost every country in Europe, and ! has .given his experience to tliei world's in a brilliant and extremely I interesting book called Realities in ! Europe." It' is, of 'course, a defence of i a particular theory, which may be only one of several keys for unlock ing the mysteries of national life; but I cannot doubt that the author has opened out- a very fruitful line of study, and that' the philosophy of i history will in the future hate to pay i more; attention to the factor of race! than it had done hitherto. I "The main facts of race distribu- ; tion are well .known, and there is no longer, any serious difference of opinion among experts.. , ''Europe , contains two long-headed races, the Nordics and the Mediter raneans, and the one, round-head j race,' the Alpines.: j . ..The. Nordic is full and fair; the > Mediterranean shorter and more : slenderly built; his hair and eyes are dark, lws-, skin., olive or swarthy. The Alpine -is- broad- and sturdy, clumsily made, :and usually dark. The Swedes, Spaniards, and Russians supply typi cal examples of these three types; though we must not select an aristo cratic Russian, who may be a pure Nordic, nor the Mongolised type, which is very common, as an impolite proverb about scratching a Russian and finding a Tartar indicates. "Differences of mind and tempera ment are- as vwell marked as varia tions in height, figure, and color. The Mediterranean is emotional, passion ate, wanting in tenacity. He is soci able, but undisciplined, and rarely founds , a. stable or strong gevernment except under Nordic leadership. He excels in the arts and in the joy of living. From, various causes the Mediterraneans of to-day are racially impoverished, and are v sometimes, as in Portugal and South Ireland, of very poor quality. - Peasant Stock. "The Alpines are the typical" peas ants, .sturdy, tenacious, stolid, and unimaginative. They are not war like, but have a gift for peaceful penetration, soaking in among Medi terranean populations, and supplant ing them. The Nordies have con quered 'them', but have. gradually been 1 absorbed by their dogged subjects.- In Germany the Alpines have spread at the expense of the Nordies; in France, at the expense of the Medi terraneans. Both countries are now' ' predominantly foundheaded. The rul- ' "ing class in an Alpine population is ! seldom of the same breed as the | ruled. . . . I "The Nordics are essentially a northern race. They are distinguished < by a restles.s creative energy, which ' carried them far to the south and east of tlieir ' homes. The Aryan, conquerors of India, Homer's Acti- aeans, the ruling class in .' ancient Rome, the Franks ' and Normans; were, all : Nordics. To-day their . chief hope of . racial ; predominance lies in the United States and in' vthe British . Dominions. , The ".Americans have re solved,-1 just in time; that they will not allow themselves' to..-.be./swaniped | by. alien .immigrants.' .fPlfe ,<fiqrdic j has politiflai'bjijijjgfig, .! tive -.of; his : personal, rilijiojeitate;, I tyranny. , ; . rrw » . : "Towards. otheraqps'':\mud': ami ;exclfi!fvej "he -Hvlllv not SVillingf ; mix his blood with theirs. ; He loves good living, and-.-is therefore a high- standard ;man— a doubtful advantage for his survival value. The, Nordic itf also penalised by his fighting quali ties.; In every war he is the first to volunteer and the first to fail. Every great war has dismijuished the Nordic stock. Perhaps the three most dis astrous struggles, froni this point of view, ' we're the Thirty Years' ' "War, the American Civil War, and the -re- ' cent Grea|' War. ' j "It is probable that the - hatred ' of the privileged class, which has seve ral times led to violent -revolutions, lias a .racial origln. One of the cries against the aristocrats in the Fre/.ch Revolution was, "Send thein back to . -the, German;, marshes, whence they . ! » came;" And- ,!not!hing-- i delighted - tho - i i small, dark mob who gathered around- the guillotine more than when the executioner held up the . head of a lady by her long blonde hair.' 1 In Russia the aristocracy which ; has been massacred by' the Bolsheviks was largely of Nordic origin, and the same is true of Ireland.- It has-been , proved that almost, every dis- .tinguished Irishman 'is of English; or Scottish descent. ; j "Mr. Stoddard's theory, makes him; a good friend to this; country. He; considers that we are a- very homo geneous nation, , since the Alpine ; roundheads are not. represented ; in. our population. .. This; is the niore curious, because tliere was once' a round-headed race in Britain, who buried tlieir dead in round harrows, ' hut they seem to have died out, after leaving (according to one theory) the' so-called Celtic , -language behind; them. . Scandinavian Sense. "The British, before the English . conquest, he regards as pure- Medi-- .terraneans, who made their way far norths of their usual limit tempted by' the mildness of our climate.' To me, ' however, it seems probable that these Mediterranean invaders mingled with an /earlier Neolithic stock, of which; hdthi'ng is 'known. The island wasij iihh'abited before, the coming jof the-, fniidi terraneans; and the- non-Nordic payts;iqft the -.population,- such las the;; .Jejshj are surely different from the/ .purp Southerners, sturdier in' build, and' .unlike .in feature. The Nordic' invaders, , - including the Normans,-, were all of kindred race, and - fused - readily with each other." "I' entirely agree with his unstinted admiration . of the three Scandinavian nations,.' He notices the far-seeing wisdom which prevented the Swedes from declaring; war upon seceding. Norway, a war which would have left both at the mercy of Russia;' the moderation of the Danes in claiming only the purely Danish part of Schleswig-Holstein and Mioh' gnnd- natuied concession ot autonomy to the 30,000 inhabitants of Iceland; and, lastly, the prudent statesmanship of the Swedes in not taking the purely Swodish Alan Islands from Finland." They knew that a friendly Finland might be -very useful to ..them- in- the Lituie " % kU' 1 ... . 1 — A. — > ' 