house; of assembly; The Speaker (Mr. J. Mclhncs) took the Chair at 2 pjn. Deep Drainage at Rosewater. Gardens. Mr. Condon enauired if the eight men required for extending deep drainage in Rosewater Gardens would be selected from Port Adelaide, and if any tiling could' be done- to expedite the work 'by taking oh 20 additional men. Thc Commissioner ot ~ Public Works (Horn L. L. Hill) fiaid instruction* had been issued that a proportion of the men for Government work in the Port Ade laide district must be taken from the Ioca labour exchange. The department had been short of- timber and rubber boots for use in connection with the excavation, but he would ask the Chairman of the Supply and Tender Board to do all he- possibly could to obtain those articles immediately. Wharf Improvements at Port Adelaide. Mr. Condon asked that, as the work oi building a new wharf at Ko. 2 Quay, Port Adelaide, was urgent, would the Premier get. into touch with the contractors to «ce if a start could: not be made and 60 absorb some of the local unemployed. The Premier (Hon. J. Gunn) promised to make enquiries. Railway Matters. The Premier told Mr. CHalloran that the Chief Railways Commissioner reported that it was impossible to state. at present when the reorganization of the Peter borough locomotive. depot would be com pleted. Ko complaints in connection with the matter had been received. The Premier notified Mr. Hawke that the Chief Railways Commissioner had ad viced that the wooden model 'engine m its recent run from Adelaide to Terowie travelled at an average speed of 12 miles an hour, and that the reason for that was 'safety.' Water Supplies. The Commissioner of Public Works advised Mr- O'Connor that the matter of reticulating from the Tod River Reservoir was receiving careful consideration. . Sur veys had been made, and he hoped to receive a report on the matter within a few weeks. Instructions had been given for the Hydraulic Engineer to forward all pipes available eo as to expedite the re ticulation and to push on with the manu facture of further pipe* in anticipation of requirements. Enquiries were. also being made whether there was sufficient water to warrant going on with the reticulation of Port Lincoln and extending the trunk main another 40 miles. Mr. Reidy— How is the supply in the main reservoir? The Commissioner of Public Works said the supply there was all right. It was the service reservoir that was caus ing the trouble by leaking. Careful in vestigations were being made regarding it. The Government was ti eating the whole matter as urgent. ? ... Mr. Allen enquired if water would be available from the Baroota Reservoir for Port Pirie this season, and so relieve, the pressure on the Beetaloo Reservoir. The Commissioner of Public Works said he could not say exactly what the position was at present. The Hydraulic Engineer had advised him that the Bar oota Reservoir must fil! before he could properly ascertain what to do to prevent further leakage. It had been reassuring to learn that 40 million gallons had been caught in the reservoir as a result of the recent rains. If tbe'ieservoir 'took up' it would relieve Beetaioo. ? ? ? . Motions for Polling- Places. Mr. Crosby moved in favour of declar ing Light's' Pass a polling place for the Legislative Council in the Division ot Ba rossa (Midland District). „ - ._ ?_ The Attorney-Genera! (Hon. W. J. Denny) said the official report was that only 23 electors would be benefited, and that the proposal could not, for that rea son, be recommended. ? In a division the motion -was carried, only the four Ministers voting against it. Mr. Crosby moved a similar motion re carding Long Plains (Barossa).. and said the nearest polling place to .that centre was six miles away. The Attorney-General said the ofncial report was that the nearest polling place was only four miles away, and that 12 electors wou'd be benefited if the motion were carried. Acceptance of the proposal was not recommended. . If the House, however, thought otherwise, the Govern ment was indifferent, although some action might have to be taken in such cases. Messrs.- Anthoney and McLach'an spoke in support of the motion. Mr. Fitzgerald suggested that the mat ter of mileage should be definitely settled. He desired leave to continue hi3 remarks, but the House was asainst him on the voices. Messrs. H. S. Richards anil McMillan, and the Hon. G. R. Laffer also favoured j an adjournment for further reports. j Mr. Harvey adjourned the debate, until' September 2, .. --?-??- ?' -A. similar, motion by Mr. Crosby con cerning -To witta was also deferred, at the instance of the Attorney-General, in order that a disparity of figures quoted, by the mover' .and. the. Electoral Department might be investigated. : A proposal by Mr. Cooke that Gawlcr B'oekj should be. declared a polling place for the Legislative Council (Division of. Barossa) was carried. ? ? '... - . - ' ., Immigration Bill. Mr. Laffer introduced a. Bill to ameud the Immigration Act, 1923, bo as to pro vide that all the boy farm apprentices should be included in the Act. and the) second - reading was fixed for . September - 16\. . ' . - - - ' ... ; ' ; Local Court at Kimba. '-_ ' The debate was continued on the motion | of Mr. O'Connor that, a Local Court oft full and limited jurisdiction should be established at Kimba. ? ?? The Attorney-General- said the official report, favoured the establishment of only 3\. Court of limited jurisdiction,. and he moved an amendment in that direction. The amendment was accepted by .Mr. i O'Connor, and adopted by the House. Poor Persons Legal Assistance Bill. Mr. Young, on the motion for the third reading of the measure, said that, owing to a misunderstanding, he was not able to speak on the second reading. He con sidered that the Bill had ' been wrongry named, and that it should have been called a measure to relieve lawyers, of certain obligations which they were under at pre sent. He then referred to . certain evi dence taken by the Royal Commission on Law Reform. -' That body- had'.recom:! mended that the Danish system of Con ciliation Court should be. introduced into South Australia, and he would like to see that done. Such a method would prevent much expense in litigation under the exist ing condition of affairs locally..' The Danish system had been successful wher ever it liad-been tried. It might increase litigation, but at present many people suf fered injustice rather than go to Court because of the fear of the heavy expense. They had to consider whether the Courts should be the happy hunting ground for lawyers or Courts of justice. ' Mr. Edwards— Do you say they are the happy hunting ground of lawyers? : ? \- Mr. Young replied in the negative. He moved that the Bill should be withdrawn and be redrafted on the lines of the re commendation of the' Law Reform Com mission. . ' , ? . The Speaker said the member could not move in that direction. Mr. Young then said he would oppose the Bill.. The third reading was carried on the voices, and the Bill passed. Juries Bill. ? The third reading of .the Juries Bill was carried, and the measure passed. Agricultural %nd General- Bank Bill. 3Ir. Mclntosh resumed the debate on' the second reading of the Agricultural and ? General Bank Bill. He said the measure] was not incidental to South Australia, but was the outcome of a world-wide move ment for more dequate credits for rural production. There wag a big field at .pre sent not covered by ordinary banking institutions, and other loan societies, pas Jicularly ?with regard to advances for long terms. That applied especially to the newer areas. Although the ordinary banks had done a good deal it was not their conception, nor was it. his, that ^ it was their^duty to undertake the pioneering banking of new areas. South Australia had not too many banks, as was indicatd by the fact that large business .firms were offering 7£ and 8 per cent, with cumulative benefits. Small farmers did not offer an attractive security, for banks. The banks could not get into toucb with the small farmers so easily as they could with the big trading concerns 'in the city. He be lieved that the Bill could be broadened to the benefit of the State. It was more than ever necessary now, with the high' price | of implements, that there should be rural credits.. He favoured the system of group borrowing which applied - in Germany, America, and other countries. Germany had been' able to carry on the war and remain a self-contained nation largely be cause of her system of rural credits. -The rural banks in- other parts of the world were not baaks of deposit. He did not think the South Australian Bank, if estate lished, would receive many deposits. '= Mr. Crosby— Would you favour a Select Committee? . ? . : Mr. McTntosili said he would be favour able to a Select Committee, so long as it did nothanjr np the measure. He -wanted to see the bank established, but he did not think £1000.000 would be sufficierit capital for r '-oik of that sort. By the rural bank system in America interest onjoana to farmers lad been .reduced fram 'S' per. cent, to 6 per cent: If a system'qT redemption out. of. profits was put into' operation in -South Australia, many far mers who under the present system of overdrafts, would never clear their pro perties -of debt, woulcl become the owners of freehold farms. In committee he wonld ir.JErodnce amendments that would give the Bill wider application. ' - ! Sir Henry Barwell— On the other side, th»v- want a general bank. . Mr. Mclntosh said lie wanted a rural bank, and if he could not set it without fnn general bank he would accept the Bill. . .. ? _ . ?- . . - Mr. McHugli asserted that the Com monwealth Bank had proved an unquali fied success, and it was fair to assume that there would be' no risk in 'establishing a rural bank. _'Mr. -McLachlan— What- advance has the Lc.mmonwealth Bank, ever made to the Pfimarv producers in this State or the other States? \ ? Mr. Fitzgerald— What about the Wheat Mr. McHugh said it was not formed for] that purpose. . -, - ? Mr. McLachlan— The Commonwealth Bank and the proposed Rural Bank can not be compared. . . ' , t Mr. McHugh contended that they could lie compared in regard to deposits. Bank ing was for the benefit of the people, and tlie people s-hould reap the benefit by hav ing the institutions being State or nation ally, owned. Money was. continually going away from the country- or being invested rlwTf810? ioan?- ^^ ^as dTtri mental to Industrie?. The Associated Banks periodically fcc«J the rate of inte comnetition. Many pioneer settled in the mallee or on the west coast would have The Hon. G. R. Laffer said there was no question of the benefit of rural cre dits; but, in his opinion, the Bill went too far. It was there: that he parted company with the Government on the subject. _ Something, however, should be done to improve credits so far as the rural industry. was concerned. .Mr. Birrill— Why did not your Gove'rn raent accept the recommendation of tbe Rural Commission in connection with tuat: . Mr. T-iffer said the position to-day was very different from what it was when that recommendation was made. Then the Gov ernment had to bear the strain of settling thousands of soldiers on the land. It wouM be preferable for the wnole mat ter to be fully considered by a royal commission, and a Bill be introduced to Parliament next session. It would be unwise to interfere with the State Bank m the building of homes, because the bank Jiad got together a staff of experts ^♦fi1^ £rtllit5e8 ?| t^ Advances to Settlers' Board could 'be vested in the new bank. ? 4 ^ The Premier— We cannot have two banks. ' , Sir. Laffer replied that there were the S'-?,16-31* a'«l the Savings Bank. If the Bill were passed.it would not result in the opening up of new country, because a new settler required at least £1.000. The Advances to Settlers' Board had been par ticularly, careful ond at the same time sympathetic. Yet they were told by the Premier that there had been losses of between £120,000 -and £130,000. ?2lll?renlierTSome of '-tat tos a direct gift, because the men got the money at a lower rate of interest than that paid by the Government. . ? - Mr. Laffer, said the Vermin Act had accomplished wonderful work, and was the envy of the other States. Advances for wirenetting could not be as satisfac torily carried out by the proposed bank, at at present by the local governing bodies and the inspectors of the Lands Depart ment. The farmers in South Australia were as prosperous as any other' class' of the community, and the majority of them could go to the banks with as much con fidence as most business men. - Mr. Kneebone said he would- support the Bill. Personally, he was prepared to hand the matter over to a special com mittee, if by investigation the measure could be.inproved. He hoped there was no ulterior motive in the suggestion of the Opposition to refer it to a Select i Committee. The ' Commonwealth Bank I was not now a people's bank, but a I bankers' bank controlled by a board in- 1 fluenced by the private banks. To-day - the Commonwealth Bank and thc private banks -were operating together. He'. was aranted leave to continue his remarks next day. . ^ ' ' ? The Adjournment. T ? .y. At 5.47 pjn. the House was adjourned, until 2 pjn. naefc d?jv . _ v : ???---'t- ? 