DR. EARLE PAGE FOR COWPER. i - Speech at Kempsey. Very Fine Attendance. A very fine audience greeted Dr. Page, leader of the Country Party in the House of Representatives, and alsf> Federal Treasurer, with much applause as he took his seat at the Royal Thea tre on Tuesday night prior to his address to the electors of Cowperj dur ing which he gave a fine and lucid account of the Government's steward ship during the past two-and-a-half years. Tho Mfltrnv ( A1<T TT _T S+D-nrW9Tt.\ occupied the chair. In introducing Dr. Page the Mayor stated that some six | years ago Dr. Page was only known in I this electorate as a skilful surgeon of Grafton, but since then he had had such a successful Parliamentary career that he had become known through out the length and breadth of the Commonwealth. The Bruce-Page Gov ernment in their legislation had been clean, sound and safe, and since Dr. Page took over the reins of the Trea sury old-age pensions had been in creased and . proper sinking funds had been provided for the liquidation of the national debt. The Government not only came to the country to give an account of its stewardship, but on a far more important issue, that of loyalty as against disloyalty. The question had to be decided as to whe ther they were going to swagger about as the associate of the men of Moscow, or whether they were going to stand for the upholding of peace and indus trial security. He then introduced Dr. Page. On rising Dr. Page received another ovation. Dr. Page opening his address said some three years ago they had shown their trust in him by electing him for the second time as their representative for the Federal division of Cowper, and that night he had come from the Governmena to give an account of his stewardship, to enumerate the work that had been done and to ask for a renewal of the confidence of the people of this electorate. Three years ago he came before the people as the leader of the Australian Country Party, and outlined a policy which they were to try and carry out. He had pointed out that the Country Party had come into being as a result of the economic conditions and as an automatis reaction against those influences which had destroyed the natural balance between agricultural and other industry, that was between the country and the city. Their policy was to try and re store that balance, and during the past three years they had tried to put that policy into effect, and he considered that no one who looked with an un biassed eye could fail to realise that the position of country indus tries to-day was in a much different position that it was three years ago. To-day the country had come into its right place. The speaker went on to say when the Country Party came before the peo ple it brought forward certain propo sals to make eountry life more attrac tive, and to make the profit of its industries commensurate to that ob tainable from other industries. The party did not content itself with that, but it brought forward proposals for the solution of the problem. It had brought forward a policy like the coun try 's wheat and butter, a policy des tined to reach into the homes of every one in the community. At the last elec tion they would remember that he had stated that nossiblv the Countrv Partv would not be strong enough in itself to carry out their policy, and that they would be quite prepared to co-operate with other parties of - similar opinions to secure stable government for the Commonwealth during its passage through the aftermath of war. During the last three years they had eo-opera- ted with the Nationalist party, and had taken on a full share of the responsi bility, and he considered that their record during that period would speak for itself. . His party had done much to bring the eountry right to the fore front of the public eye and helped to foeus attention on the importance of the primary industries as the only sound basis of development of the sec ondary industries. They had impress ed upon everyone the mutual depend ence as between country and city, and to show that both were as indispen- sible to each other as man and wife, therefore they had tried to arrive at terms mutually acceptable to both sides and to the community at large. In pur suance of this poliey they liad taken off the tax on entertainments, and re moved the tax on Crown leaseholds. In each instance they had made these cuts they 'were from purely revenue-produc ing items of tariff. This was done with the idea of benefiting everyone gener ally and as a whole. As a result of their co- operation they had been able to bring forward a programme to place before the people of national develop ment, framed on comprehensive lines, based on true economical ideals, which they were satisfied would be able to swell the pockets of the people of Australia However, they had not come before the public to ask them to decide upon their record, but they had come before the people of Australia to ask them to decide on a much more vital issue. He considered it perhaps the "most vital issue in the history of Australia. They were to decide whe ther they were to stand for the con tinuance of progressive effort, for the raising of the standard of- living in Australia of conditions of life and work, and the continual increase of wealth and production, or whether they were going to stand for foreign methods of dealing with Australia's troubles, whether they were going to have direction to foster discord and elass hatred. The people had really to decide where Australia would be in, say 25 years ' time. They had to make up their minds whether they were go- ing to go along proper lines," or follow these emissaries from foreign lands, who preached the foreign doctrines, these same doctrines which had brought such a huge country like Russia to the verge of ruin. They must decide whe ther Australia, was to be' brought to the same stand as Russia or whether they were going to follow along lines of progress and prosperity. That was the real issue before the people. The code ri-f5 Tl"P<a in Australia titoo n v — va o a xuau ine, a machine which had taken cen tauries to evolve and bring to its pres ent standard of perfection. Like the 1 human body with its many organs, each one doing its own part, an injury to one part would injure the whole system. If they allowed to be intro duced into the social mechanism a few bits of foreign grit then the result would be like a motor engine with grit in the cylinders. The whole machine would overheat and result finally in a complete stoppage and paralysis. The proper, thing to be done in the case of a motor was to remove that grit and that was what the Government intend ed doing with these foreign emissar ies. They would do that if they got the support of the country people, and they expected that because all these strikes and job control in connection with transport of goods it was the country people — the producers — who suffered. They would, too, he felt, sure receiver the support of the great body of unionists and working men through out the country, who were sick and tired of strikes, job control, ete., which always lessened employment, thereby lessening production, which in turn brought about degradation and the les sening of the standard of living. They could not get more out of Australia than they put into it. It was only the margin of production over consumption which enabled them to obtain that ex tra wealth in order to improve their standard of production. If they did not get that very necessary surplus then there would not be enough to go around, and' that was exactly the posi tion in Australia. It seemed a strange fact and yet it was so that a few of these foreign emissaries were able to control the whole of Australia's indus trial machinery. Mr. Garden had boasted in Moscow that a small body of these men could control over 400,000 Australian unionists. Were the people going to stand .for thatf Continuing, Dr. Page said that he felt sure the people would' therefore take the opportunity of bringing this matter to a head, and see just where they stood. When they knew where they stood they could go on improving and make their standard of living bet ter and better. The Government- there fore had come forward with different proposals, for it reeognised that all the workers in industry had to be consid ered. These things could only be brought about by constant employment and industrial peace. This country surpassed the whole world in its sys tem of arbitration, and yet they found that people jvanted to destroy that sys tem by refusing to obey its findings. Arbitration in Australia had built up the unions. In 1901 there were some thing like 1600 unionists while to-day there were something like 700,000. The men who fostered strikes and ignored the rulings of arbitration wanted to destroy it to enable them to get the power into their own hands. The Gov ernment was determined to stand by aruitraiioii uy peaeeiui mecnoas xor the settlement of disputes. That was the reason for the last war. Germany could not keep her contract because she tore up the scrap of paper which meant the neutrality of Belgium. That was direct action and no one eould say they were any better off for that war. Industrial war was just as bad, and its effects were even more devastating, because it hit the women and children more than the men. By the system of arbitration the Government had endea vored to try and encourage the work ing man to work more efficiently to benefit himself, and better the whole nation thereby. That was why the Government had come forward to look into the- whole system. They had found that there was duplication as between the Federal and State departments, and therefore the power had been given to competent judges to differentiate be tween what was a Federal industry and' what was a State industry. Continuing, the speaker said the Gov ernment found that the present method of fixing working hours was most un satisfactory. It was being made a political matter whereas it was not a political matter but purely an economic one. It was a problem which must be settled from the point of view of con ditions, health and what would' be the best for efficient work. It was a diffi cult question, for some said 48 hours, some 44 hours, some 40 hours, and some wanted none at all. (Laughter.) Then they had to look at the .question from the point of view to allow the unionist to control his own union. At the present time unions were control led by some agitators or extremists j who wanted open ballots and those who ! did not wish to vote that' way were called scabs, etc. To get over this the Government wished to make provision that where a strike was talked of that a secret ballot be taken in order to get a true indication of 'the feeling of the workers on the question. That would do away with any possibility of vic timisation by men on the other side. The Government hoped to give thereby control of unions to the unionists ' themselves. In addition to that the Government was trying to do every thing in its power to bring to the work ers a feeling of security. Three years ago they outlined a policy of national insurance against old age, infirmness, .sickness and unemployment. A Royal Commission had been investigating and ' they were now practically prepared to outline a definite seheme, and the Gov- 1 ernment intended to give full effeet to that scheme. In addition to that they wished to do something more and i make sure that the worker was secure against the anxiety of possible home- lessness. They were trying to bring this about by having the Government Savings Bank loan money on long and ; easy terms to enable the worker to 1 build his own home. To this end the Government was prepared to make available £20,000,000, for they realised that the working man with h'is own home took more interest in his work and thereby became an efficient unit in the general production. The Govern ment was endeavoring to foster the feeling of goodwill and harmony throughout the nation, that was why the Government went into co-opera tion. If they looked at the record of the Government they would find every part of their programme was a poliey of co-operation. They entered into co- operation, with the Imperial Govern ment in order, to increase the return to the producer for the goods sent overseas. They thereby obtained trade treaties. These treaties would mean a return of one million pounds increase to the producers. jlu tne case or anen uuus tne jorit- ish Empire had given a preference of £7/10/- over foreign fruits, and that one act would enable the Government to settle thousands of men on the land. Similarly they had dealt with the ques tion of immigration by a frank discus-, sion with the Home Government and they had come to an agreement where by for the next 10 years the Imperial Government will rebate something like 74 million pounds. The Imperial Gov ernment, too, was co-operating with the Commonwealth Government whereby all that money and another five mil lions would be available to enable them to carry out a seheme for the settle ment of men on the land. Continuing, he, said the Government had also co-operated with the State Government in the administration of the country. They had found that there was a duplication in income tax returns, and they had brought about a system whereby the State collected both taxes at the one time. By this means they had saved the country A fiftA -««i 4-Ti /\ A»llo/)finTi 4o va« nli a AJJ. tUC U1 VO.AVO. Government had co-operated, too, in the matter of borrowing money. It was a stupid thing for each State Gov ernment to be competing on the money market, and so making money dearer for themselves. This move had result ed in the formation of the Federal Loan Council, whereby all the Govern ments borrow from the Commonwealth. Mr. Lang stood- out of that scheme be cause it was too reasonable. The Government had also ahown its desire for co-operation in industries. The Government stated that if the in dustries were, to organise themselves in a national " way then the Govern ment would assist in the marketing of their produce. Last year it was done with the butter and the Dairy Export Control Bill brought into operation. Thirteen members of the dairymen themselves formed this Board of Con trol, and they had the say as to how the butter was to be sold in London. By this means the sum of £25,000 had been saved in insurance on the sea son 's export. It was hoped another £80,000 would be saved in freights. That was an instance of how the Gov ernment had ' stood behind the co-op eration of industries. The Govern ment considered too that the best place for the people 's money was in the peo ple 's own pockets. With that object in view they had reduced taxa'tion, making incomes of £300 and under exempt. Altogether the Government had eut off something like 47 per cent, of taxes, and also increased the old- age pensions from 15/- to £1". They were continuously taunted by the Labor party that it was the only one that had looked after the aged and in firm, but the record of that party would show that they had done nothing of the kind. The Government during the past three years , had devoted its time to increasing the wealth and goods of the country. It had taken up the ques tion of T)rofitable marketing and tried to increase the value of the local and London markets. Contiuing, speaking on marketing systems, he said to be a success there were three essentials. The first was to take some definite stand as regards /quality. The Government had done this in connection with the butter and had established the Kangaroo brand. The result of that was that the price of Australian butter on the London market was better than ever it had been. The second essential was that they must be able to sell their goods overseas at prices which could compete with prices ruling in other parts of- the world. The Government had tried "to deal with this problem also. With re gard to fruit the Government had given bounties to enable the producer to sell on the home market and establish for itself a place. They had only done that for one year, and enforced a standard quality with the result that Australian tinned fruit was more than holding its own "with Calif ornian. on the London market. However, they felt there was more in it than that. They felt that the real problem lay , in the question of production, and to get down to tin tacks, they had to have sufficient production all over Aus tralia to meet the demand. In order to do that they must have more pro ducers and they had started with a definite plan of soldier settlement. Each Government thought the same and acting separately they started to grow Doradilla grapes for spirit. The result was that vineyards all came to maturity at the same time and the market was flooded. The Government then came forward with a bounty to tide the growers over the difficulty. As a result of that lesson the Govern ments now had co-operated "with a view to ascertaining the methods of putting men on the land, the best kinds of land for certain produce, ete. When a defin ite scheme' was arrived at then they c-ould go ahead with the financing of those industries under review. The same thing applied to the transport of goods produced for market. It was no use producing if there were not good roads, and to that end the Government had established the National Main Roads and Development Roads scheme. Last year they spent half-a-million on this work and this year three-quarters of-a- million. Some years ago it was alright for the landholders to pay for the upkeep of the roads, but with the | advent of motor traffic, whereby thou sands of people travelled all over the I country, it was not fair that the land holder should pay for the upkeep of roads used by others. Therefore the Government had voted money towards this purpose. During the next ten years they could spend £20,000,000. Half of this would be spent in new roads and the other half on the up keep of the roads already laid down. During the past five years in America the travellers over roads paid 40 per cent, of the upkeep and the time had come to do something on similar lines in Australia. In connection with the Government's efforts to find, means of cheap and quick transport, Sir G. Buch anan had been to Australia examining their- harbors with the object of open ing up national ports so that goods could be got to the 'nearest port for shipment without loss in transport. There was also the question of the de velopment of cheap power by means of utilising natural resources. In Amer ica this was extensively carried out, as many as seven States being' sup plied from the one station. By this means, too, they could manufacture more finished products instead of being content with sending out their raw products. It was a poliey of national emciency wnicn tne trovernment had tried to carry out. It was imperative that they should have co-operation and goodwill in this eountry, and not be half the time striking, and have all kinds of irresponsible people ruining the industries of Australia They had a duty to he rest, of the world who were hungry for their goods. The 'Govern ment, therefore, was trying to secure a continuity of supply to enable them to supply the markets of the world' the whole year round. They did not hold the position on the London market as the Danish did for the simple reason that Australia placed the whole of her butter on the London market within four or five months, whereas the Dan ish was kept constantly coming on to the market all the year round. The speaker then went on to enumer ate the workings of the Commonwealth Bank in its transactions with produc ers to enable them to tide over the ex port seasons. He also touched upon the question of the return to the gold standard whereby the rate of exchange had been lowered to tire-war standard. He then went on to speak of the Bank 's operations in the matter of rural credits, and the good which would accrue from its operations. He made it quite clear . that there must be a kind of reservoir of goods in Austra lia to draw upon all the year round. Continuing, he said they must com bat the machinations of "the agitators j who were attacking the whole of their social mechanism. They had to have ' the power to deal with these people, but unfortunately for the first time in the history of Australia the State Gov ernments had fallen down on their re sponsibilities. An instance of this was clearly shown in the matter of disease coming into Australia via the ships rvAni Atranonfld Anflfvnlio itto « xivui . -n uo ui aiia was /ai ticularly fortunate by reason of its isolation by seas all around it. How ever, a good many ships from over seas were anchored in West Australian ports and the danger from disease was great. The Government wanted to send its health officers over there, but to their surprise the West Australian State Government refused them admit tance. Another instance of this trou ble was to be found in Queensland. The railways there were in many instances the post office and while the strike was on people could not get their mails. However, the Government refused to allow the mails to be delivered. The occurrences at Mount Morgan were go ing very close to civil war. For that reason the people would have to de cide one way or the other. They must decide whether they wanted the King's peace to be maintained" throughout the whole of the Commonwealth, or else they must say to the Government that they wanted riot, disorder and chaos to take possession of the country. That was the true position ad the question the people must decide. This concluded the address and on the Mayor asking for questions Mr. H. R. Gardem asked was Dr. Page aware that soldier settlers ' improve ments assessments had been cut down easily two-thirds, to about one-third their value on the recommendation of the District Surveyor, and this was be ing used as an excuse for withholding the loan money promised them. Dr. Page said that question would enable him to state very clearly the position with regard to soldier settle ments. When the first conference was held in 1919 the Commonwealth Gov ernment wanted to handle the posi tion, but the State Government stated they wanted to handle it as the land belonged to them, and although the Commonwealth Government found the money they had no control over it. In the course of the last year the Govern ment had made an additional conver sion of five millions to the State for that purpose, making 10 millions in all. He had asked the State to deal with individual cases and deal gener ously with them, and that was how the position stood. They were still waiting for the State to come along and get the money. Mr. Gardem then asked would Dr. Page consider the, question of allowing the soldier settlers to transfer their holdings from the Repatriation De partment to enable them to come un der the Commonwealth Bank scheme, so that they could have an opportun ity of effecting a second mortgage. Dr. Page said he would consider the question, but they must remember of course that there was a limit of the amount of money available. However, he hoped to bring into being a system of farm loan associations, which would be dependent upon the Commonwealth Bank. Of course all those things took time, and he hoped during the next three years to get something whereby men would be in a position to get their mortgages under a reasonable rate of> interest. Another questioner asked what atti tude Dr. Page took with regard to the influx of Jugo Slavs and other foreign ers into the country. Dr. Page replied that the' Govern ment had a' definite policy to keep such foreigners out. When the Ameri can trouble was on many shippers tried to land undesirables here and the Gov ernment took steps to have it stopped. At the present time there was a defin- I ite arrangement between, the Govern- | ment, Italy, Jugo Slavia and other i countries whereby no one unable to ' look after themselves could land in this country. This concluded the questions and Aid. Lane moved a hearty vote of thanks to the speaker for what he termed as a clear and lucid address on his stew ardship and the work of the Govern ment during the last term. Mr. Salmond seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. Dr. Page briefly replied, thanking his listeners for the patient hearing they had given him and appealing for their support on polling day, Novem- b?r 14th. He concluded by moving a vote of thanks to the Mayor for his chairmanship of the meeting. The motion was carried by acclama tion and the meeting then closed. 