THE TRAGEDY OF UNFrr CHILDHOOD. Address by Miss K. Ashby. At a meeting of the Blackwood branch of the W.C.T.U. Miss K. Ashby read a paper entitled "Some causes which pro duce defective children." - „ Miss Ashby said:—This subject is closely allied tb the control of alcohoL because so many of the little unfortunates we call mental defectives owe their sad condition to the effect of alcohol. It is a well-known fact that the mental and Ehysical health of the mother before the irth of her child have a definite effect on it, but it is only now being discovered that the cause of this is that certain duct less glands are not operating properly, and so fail to do their part in the development of the child; BiatinmnnniiiMiintiraumwOTwiiiwiiiHiitiiiHiiitiHiiiiiiiiMnniiiittMmiir ONE OF THE NEW WOMEN PARLIAMENTARIANS, Miss E. Wilkinson, M.P., for Middlesbrough. The tiny cells from which a human being is made must have a healthy normal medium so as to grow and develop—that is, a healthy blood condition of the mother. One would not expect a human body to thrive on bad food, much less the cells of an unborn child. Therefore, "if the blood composition of the mother contains poisons such as alcohol, certain cells, instead of feeding and growing, will develop abnormally or fail to grow at all, and another defective is born. Another cause of wrong blood balance in the mother is worry, shock, grief, or any mental strain. Here is a typical FRU NINA BANG, who has been appointed Minister for Education in the Danish Cabinet. example:—A family of Italian peasants were tempted to go to America _ to seek their, fortunes. They left their quiet farm, took with them their one healthy, normal child, and settled in New* York. Their; poverty was pitiful, and the mother was i forced into the struggle for food. Just at! this time she became pregnant with their i second child. The physical and mental! forces which should have gone to its formation were under tremendous strain; due to factory life. No Rest She began to long for her quiet home in Italy and all its old associations. The rest which all women heed for the great task of child erecting wan denied her. Thus she struggled tsrough the forming - and bearing of her second child, and later of the third. Finally die took her two little idiot, sons to the New York clinic. It was found that the mother was perfectly normal, though suffering from nervous! strain. This was not a case of heredity,'! but pre- natal chemistry. Dr. Scitiapn* of the New York clinic,; has recorded hundreds of such cases where j immigrant naolhcs coming to the new and strenuous life of New York industrial lire! have borne one, two, or even three defec- j lives. The bcmeeickness of the mother! sets up emotional disorders which affect the formation cells of the child. Unfortunately doctors have not yet dis covered just what glands of either mother or child are affected. After four or five years, when the immi "graut mother has become accustomed to her hew life, she is again able to bear healthy children. Women in Industry. \- ' We see, then, that over-strain in women is certain to result in inferior children. Women are specially adapted for the storing up of energy to be used in child creation; When this energy is used for other purposes it becomes increasingly hard for a woman to bear healthy, normal children- At the present day women are doing what used to be man's work. The constant shocks and excitements of indus trial and business life have the effect of upsetting a woman's glands and nervous system. In short,, her entrance into the industrial world is proving a more and vtmiMHimtMaraMiiiiiiiiiiituuimiuiimifitflfiiiiiiHiraiinititiitiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiii more serious menace to the future of the race. Day by day defective children are being brought to the New York Children's Court Clinic. Although some cases are quite beyond aid, wonderful results have been obtained when taken in time. As is well understood, these children are: of two types—(a) those in which the J thyroid gland iB absent; (b) those in! which it is'more or less deficient. If thej gland is absent the case is, of course, more serious, and early treatment is. imperative. If it is treated by taking thyroid substance during the first year of life, and con tinuous treatment given, a complete cure may be effected. In cases where the gland is merely deficient, good results have been obtained even when commenced after two years of age. . Let - it be emphasized here that the treatment must be continued throughout life. A marked result of lack of thyroid is that the body fails to develop especially brainj bone, and hair. Therefore, if not taken in time, parts of the brain do not form, and it is evident that such ground once lost cannot be regained. Much has been learned,' but a tremen dous distance has still to be covered. Pro bably in the future it will be proved that disturbances of the blood balance of the mother are responsible for the greater number of abnormalities, and even for faults and weaknesses of the child. 