OUR, RESOURCES , H r'r -''.r-.T.-r ,j i- =.!. .. ! Human and ..Material vffiE- MUTUAL RELATIONS MB : «TTRT-TKfl TAYLOR'S ADDRESS. Australia is - fortunate in the possession -,;oi6 sucli -material resources, both in their range and abundance, as are generally considered to be essential to itlie safety of- av nation, and 'necessary if it js. to ffevelop a high standard: of civilised, life, \- ;and : an honored status. < amongst the na- e tipns,-. as. well as to attain any . consider- : able. /degree., of sel£.-su,fliciency.? .said 'Mr. \- Stirling Taylor, Director of the Comuier- vciaJ and! Jndusttial Bureau.. , of the Board of. Trade,, in an ..addyess in Melbourne ; on : Prfdfty nighf. .. . . Band, labor, capital and organisation are the four factors of production, the great pillars that uphold our- system of civilisation, and the greatest of these is ; organisation. And just as. the. human : braim-dev eloped; latest in physical evolu- \- tipn, /differentiating man from the. lower animals by- his capacity for thought, so organisation is the soul of . social e.volu- < fipn, ., , spelling-, the. difference . between, sa- vagery and civilised life. , As mere factors of production, land, laibor and capital . are practically static; in the main all.we can do with tlieiin we are already";. doing, or know. ho!\v to do. But the capacity of man to progress in the application pf his. brain tQ further system- atisation and exploitation of the earth's resources. -is -virtually as nearly liiuitlese as the resources themselves. ' The .d,000-00.0. Australians who eonsti- \- .tut& tjiis .young- nation are, therefore its; t jgreateat r asspt in: . actual wealth-ma Ring . ' cgptei.ty,. b.ujlj - fa.?, flaore so in. their poten- , tiality for. further Ayealth. : production . thro,ugh ; better;, organisation. . "And . .that .- jpegus injpro v.emept,. of the. individual type ' -tiirqugh. education and . good ? conditions, and improvement of thq. national , system ofwealth-getting and utilisation. 'v :Mow high is the quality of intelligence of our people is strikingly shown in a table .quoted in the Melbourne "Argus" for Pbrpary 7-f 1925, in an article by D. 6\. Palk. : In tlie1 psychological .t.ests there . -summarised % the. .inimigrunts. to the United ;tates..of purely British stock come put far -.ghad, in iii.telligen.ee. and efficiency, of i tffoffp.- : of. other " motions. A,us.traluui8 ii;'i tu- (yglly.dip not .appear, in ;such ,an immigration ifai>le, but we. may- fairly deduce that they vBjrqjfld, occupy- at least as high a place ,- aaynaitiyes of:Eigland or ,Scofcl.andr. since they ''are the most thorough blending, ot' these stocks— in an almost. -perfect envir onment—to-be -found in the whole world. It needs.. little. .imagination to conjecture the possibilities-ahead- of this young Com- monwqalth, with such a ; handsome start in -the two great factors of heredity and environment — an. , almost untainted stock of high intelligence, an .entirely favorr able climate, 'and a bounteous supply of natural wealth. According to fir. Wiekens, Common, - wealth Statistic bin, our population of less -than-six million people represents a capital valiie , in the nation's hooks of :£l2jf>00j000;000. ' They are assessed upon ':beir productive capacity individually .at. oyer £2160. AVe deriye much satisfac tion 'from that statement.. ... It certainly 'does look, w.el.l ylongsi.de. the estimate? 'made ',pf the geoii'onue \a,lue of other pa - 'tionals., , B,ut is it,. ..when our race .cir cumstances, the felicity, of our . lajjd, and climate, are. tykeij into consideration, a grp.uiul for. genuine, satisfaction! . 1 t p say . if. is-ypt. 1 suggest that, ;t he ' of utilisation, ,o£ Ere ..man-power of i.thik country— high as;.it may. be by cont- P.hr|i<>n Avith many other countries-r-is still lower than it should be. in our circum stances, 6,000,000 Anstra.liigis should' have a higher productive value fh a u that, in dicated. it vvpiild .yppear,. that an un due- proportion.. of make no economic eontribptipp. tp.,tjhklife. of tJje..natiou, that their energies : sire ' 'mo're ' Or less wasted: they .are. n,qf pulling, their weight, while fhe rs, are; ipQSsibly ((yerburdeijcd, Due >P-y quote,, ai of hi viclipiisly the fact, .that 'P.r?bably Ay.ell., oy.er ,iQ.Q00 persons are di rectly and fully. .employed ,in:. connection -with.iliorse-iicing. in , Australia—not coast ing -the trades that serve the occupation partially or tlie multitude of hangers-on. TfCA.-MiEMey of all : the. iion-economic- occu pations of, the Commonwealth were made, iuicr Sa, list" o£i iifth/prdductive persons were compjledj the. result-' would certain lv jirove .Mantling. ... i;. . . Siub even having, regard- solely to the producers-— and iii that category must- be "included all -who- contribute ' to the well- being of the community— tiie position 'leaves- much to -be 'desired;' If iwe called upon science for the aid readily available and used the intelligence we undoubtedly possess, if w-e entered ;uppn/an .overha ul of every department. of our activities, I feel . ®g?ft.''thftt tbcfe. ;wqy£l..be a different tale t The: gnpwiug com(plexity, ormod- economic-, society will ultimately- force IIPQU us, this, wholesale application "of our vmewifeal tQ -our material resources.' We have lived too long upon, oar- natural abundance. The splendid age of the rugged pioneer is f oven, aqdj we have en tered upon a hevy phase of on: n;i!.iiiia! develqpmen t.?- that-vof; \yqll -piann ed an d systematic discovery .and exploitation of ,o£ jiutifsing the national pro- djqetipm;, - We' have f built up .a nation of iWaf.nikecn t ; physique; :an.d .-keen mentality -?%;$ "''eraioysqut of qa.t.ure/s rich b,uit;..just. a eyeiv extra sea. ro.U > deman.ds xai) ever-iiier.easiiig..percent- kgfe of . cqyl cQpsiunipfiiou, so the additional 'Wkk in- th.e standard: of- living, to. which our .(people, still; -properly aspire can only bk gained by tbei expenditure, of Scientific As.owledge: upoh!'oup.f-jiyh resources. We httvid. deliberately chosen, to ' be a nation of high; average, comfort, and tlie price of the maintenance of that progressive stand ard is high average efficiency. i Off all; fclje natural resources, necessary, toy man's welfare, tlie agricultural and eqnje first in- order, of importance. Obviously I cannot here deal with either length,, and- propose only — and tijatimqrely ii. passing— to inquire, into the ot utilisation, of our. u-rout qlttiral wealth,. I will thus endeavor to givov practical, cogency.. to the more the? oretieal arguments I have used so far. The question we must obviouslv face is "Are -we utjlishig. our. lands, to " the fullest possible extent! " The answer must be an, emphatic ":Np!" if -w.e look round upon other countnes whose full utilisa tion of- their agricultural resources is a qecqasity of thqir existence, we find a very different situation. ,Iji Japan we have perhaps, the 'best exaiiiple of a country' approaching the full- development of its resources.. ... ' 'ii i A . . . \- With .meagre mineral weuitli, rugged topography, a small proportion of :inibli! land, and a population of about 200Q per square. -miles of tilled land'r-about three persons per acre, this country, until the recent sudden shift' fo- com merie supported itself almost entirely, by. agriculture with an average area- of- about three acres per farm family. . Upon flu's slim resource. tb.fi, pafcion haa., maintained its physical and- inteljqctual vigor .and- a high . civilisation; kut?,to-;(Jo spj.lhe'y. entered almost-' exdlu- fiydy,: upo'u..tkil, ultimate stage of : agri- culture, namely, the gardqn ;sti|ge of hand labor and tlie. non-meat diet. But the experience of Jajpan is not for 1 Australia's: copying. Such extreme ex- I ploitation is ' impelled by the needs of teeming population, and is accompanied by lower standards of living, and general social eonditons that are not to be.- dreamt of for a moment in regard to our- own country. \Ye must, therefore, pursue, in stead, that degree of development, that-ia? tensity of utilisation which is open to us: without any sacrifice of reasonable stand-' ards. ' ' Belgium is said to be aliead of airy otlief: western- nation in the utilisation of her resources. Her factory ivorkers live upon the land to a degree unknown elsewhere. With his plot of ground there is; room fo,r: production, by tlie aid of women and child- ren, old persons, and the spare 'time : of th.e ai'jtisan, himself. This, garden pro-- duct, the poultry, hares and possibly the cows are great additions to a. low wage, ami they conduce to tlie intensity of cul ture that gives large return per unit of land.; Nor is the somewhat toilsome example : of tlie- Belgian, artisan- agriculturist a per-l feet guide to the Australian. But we. can and ought to learn both from Japan and Be ig iu in that a stage must come in tlie development of Australian land when closer application of labor and -implements, and more scientific system must super sede the somewhat care-free and far-flung t methods we haye employed so far. | Sir T. II. Middleton, after his recent I study of European agricultural develop ment, estimates that "the "British farmer feeds, from forty to. fifty persons by tlie produce of 10- aeres of soil, while the Ger- inan farmer feeds seventy to seventy -live persons by tlie same area." Here is his comparison of British and German agri cultural output for the five years which immediatdy preceded the war. Thq figures for Australia have been added: — — to ' « A e -i N t B H £ tM r— 1 < . Q 5 H 2 2 TO lO QO rvi' H U C OC If C4 < .t S -S i 6J .t: H u -r< C! - O 1-1 T-< P r\ CQ . o I m t? « J < " fc. " 2 r! ® « N J (D S o s © ' " o ....... . . VJ i i : ; = I . \- . . t .... . .Ci M b \- c s t: i! S 5 »' IP- J S O P & 02 W These are very remarkable figures, and the contrast is so great that, even if a eon- siderable umrgin of error were involved, the comparison fwould.be very -unfavorable 'to British and Australian agriculture. ' It is : quite possible that thqse more or less crude comparisons need to be subf jected .to many considerations before we accept them as a preeise measure of the value of the ..work done by the fanners of ( the first three centuries. 1 As is. well known, all agrarian societies | pass through the earlier stage of "extern I ( sive." , cultivation to "intensive" with' 1 1 —I Itlie progressive gro wtlr Trn'd" con reirfcr-thqn of population.. ... Im only-.-a small measurq,- ! and in limited, areas has. Australia reached. tlie intensive |ph.asc. But (what we e:il! '"closer settlement" is an indication qf o,u.r .-'growing -needs. Closer settlement in, Australia, howeArer, is inore. Mian a rb- sponse to ecenomie necessity; it is in eejr- tain' localities, a much-needed corrective to ( over-large and scattered holdings. In j every new. country settlers.'' hold faj; mole ' land tli.an t.Uey can profitably use, aiijd as the cp,iuitfy fill. up,, .tlie shrinking qf the individual holding liaturally follows. We have all witnessed.. that change proceed" iiig- in this country. This- is generally a healthy process, yet -sometimes the ' sub division becomes too severe, and even in Australia examples of this are -not un known. Such holdings, too' small to sup port the cultivator, are inevitably merged into another holding. .The extreme ex ample of this re-aetive process is Franee, where the Code Napoleon enforces family, subdivision so far that inheritors of the smallest plots are forced to sell and depart elsewhere. All Governments endeavor in some way — generally by definite legislation — to force land into use, or at least to fin- couarge. its us.e. But not .enough- care has- Jbeen, taken in determining, the best possible uses for every- kind of la,-n.d. Thus we .find orchards planted, on ; unsuitable land, and cultivation, of cereals in locali ties not at all suitable -for. .their produc tion. Even when the. location is- right and climate appropriate and the lahv-giver favors, say, an early variety, the grower often defies the law, and in the end is beaten. To take another instance we have areas scattered, perhaps, but idle and at present useless which, whether large or small, could nevertheless be put to work grow ing timber,. For this yve have the assui'- ance of the fox;esters, the men who know, a iid thus we. could satisfy o.ur daily com mercial needs,; and incidentally, no doubt, contribute to. the .regulation of the cli mate, or at least sometimes, knit the sur face, and. lastly, beautify: the landscape- European countries have been com- ipelled to utilise their idle lands. France, has afforested over 3, 000, 000 aeres in the. i last eentury. Germany lias added over | 1.-.1, 000,000 acres in. the last 50 years, and she has, by the greater care of her for ests, increased the/ production threefold. Behmark has 600,000 acres of afforested land and a further 75,00.0 acrei i'u the process of .afforestation England is , at present engaged upon a planting of- about, 15,000 acres per annum. .The Agricultural! Tribunal,, of Investigation 'which com menced to, function in Britain in 1923 found, jthat the. plan ting of, a new forest: provided employment for about ,12 men per 100 acres during the planting -season and afterv/avd's for the, care. of the forest, felling, replautr! iiig add- -thesmainteniuice. of roads, about ' one man per- 100 acres. Germany em- | ployed in -19.07 380,000 foresters on about 34 million aeres of forest. ; , Governments and tke press are making sonic progress in their efforts to give di rection., to the' energies cf the people, but the. driving iforee <of- ideas-. of orgayisation .was never more needed than- to-day-. In ,the .dairying- section of agriculture, for example, it -is. still the exception, rather than the rule; systematically to test the herds. Indeed, only a small percentage of cows iu Australia-have ever been examined with a view to determining their value as butter-fat -producers,- and-t-be -a-sult is that the cow-slave is still with us, and cow-slavery is as .un economic and unpro,- fitable as all, other 'kindsi of slavery;. Strange though .it. may seem; d.airyni eq still work for many of their cows, instead of having the cows, as they easily might work; .for feliein. ' Tlie State- Departments of Agriculture have for years been striving to bring effi ciency into this, primary industry. In this State the. experts declare "there are herdi | run hi the open all the year round, as; is the practice iu. Australia), which are known to have averaged 466Jb. of ;butt.er-fa.t per fully-matured co.w, arid there are.undoubc- ediy herds, .which produce ,no more, than 1601-b. Denmark certainly stands out as a dairying country, yet there, is no know ledge, technical or otherwise, avai.labie to th.q, Danish dairyman, that is not equally available to the dairyman in Australia, idere we have a cardinal:, example oJ: that want of the application- of science ".vhich I have deplored throughout this address. The tendency to-day-for_agT-lc.ulti.ra ' pro ducts is t.o.w.ar.ds. lower price levqls; but this does not necessarily entail lower ' wages, for the alternative is increased efficiency. Only by that means can we maintain our present standards. The. farmer who ir.it.-Hy-- believes in the long continuity ni 'hivi! prices is living in. a fool's par;i<;is<-. f he only, hope for tlie future is ni it 'iu- -ed costs of production, through Jiig.-ii'i- c.'iic.ciu-y.- and, thus a fair niaiiitena;n-e. of rm- proal level. ; These eo'asiiler.;, mil a j.qfiy not only to the dairying iudusn-y, b.a rhe whole field of industry; ai. i .. e .a: ?! realise — better now than iaiei — v-hat generally spea lung one receives oiiiy , i.c earns, and it- matters little .. h. r i.ac he em ployer or employee. fcj.ul uiore '.rue is this of ;a nation, vvliQse ni.a.te.iai mward is exactly limited by the extent to which it- utilises its. laud, capital and iai.-or under «pr;tO;date organisatioiii A a'd now let me attempt' to sum up tlie -position. ' '; ' ' Our progress, up to tlie present,- lias been evolutionary and, on the whole, sound. V.'e can visualise our industries as one vast w.holje — the - farms, the -mines, factories, railways;, shipping, tlie -banks, the -wa-rer houses,- -the., shops— all -part of a great organic .system, working more or less in hf.nnquy, and regula,ted by the competitive > principle,; but otherwise free. This! deli cate, complicated machine is. like anv other piece of mechanisms-it functions normally only when all its -parts arc ful filling their special purposes, and the lubri cating system is doing its duty. Economic society is becoming more complex- every day rendering imperative the closest at- tention to the -service aspects of the sys tem. The elasticity of man's iwant, says the economist, is infinite. Social evolu tion might-, in fact., be described in those .terms. Thus, modern man is 'constantly increasing the strain. upon the service side' and- this means ever-increasing efficiency or organisation and tlie loading up of the overhead cos of our civilised life Finally, we must face all these problems together. The problems of the country are the problems of the individuals as a collective' unity, and yet the oni_v solurion is an individual solution in the sense that 1 each of lis must find it for himself in the last analysis. It i»;a cure that is needed — not a seda tive; rot easy talk about the limitless re sources of this country, but hard thinking and /Keener application. And this means co-operation on the part of all of us lo pro/luce tlie best results. ,if, then, Australia is Icsi.int-d, as we bjlieve it is, to become a great industrial a/id- commercial country, the exploitation cv,'( her jveaffh- inustlbq. facilituced on- lines tiliat. use ti)e , Infest, scientific knowledge,' the most., up-to-dale mechanical- equipment, and employ to t-heir fullest capacity the mag-, ii ifi cent physical and mental eudo-.i mont of- ottr. people! o. 