[?] ('PEAWZISKA.') ' Ad interesting visitor to town a few days ago was Mrs. Fred Maley— better known to the reading public as Lewse Maley. The daughter of a distinguished Danish professor and a clever mother^ it _ is not surprising: to ft. 'id in the Western Australian authoress a writer of more than ordi nary taient. _ ^ Mi's. Maley has the face of a thinker, with beautiful compelling brown eyes, 3. broad brow, and a sensitive but firm chin. Many years have passed since she wrote her first novel, 'Influencing lalonica,' the manuscript of which lay for a Jon? time in an old disused drawer. Iu deed, bad it not been discovered quite ac cidentally by her husband the possibilities are it would have remained there. Discussing her first novel, ilrs. Maley pnid: 'I wrote it because I simply had to ^ive vent to my thoughts. I was living on a farm with my father in Victoria at the time, and I felt that children working on a dairy farm were not fairly treated. They worked long hours and were at everybody's beck and call. _ Now, how ever, legislation has stepped in, and child ten on the present-day dairy farms are not exploited as they were at the time of Hj.v writing my novel.*7 ''Chirlottendon,3' Mrs. Maley's new ro feance, so called after the name of her father's old estate in Jutland, Denmark, is a sequel to 'Solving Joan's Problems.' A charming love story runs through the book, the situations of which take place on :i cotton plantation in the Kimberleys of this State. In ' - Chiriottendon, ' ' Mrs. IMaley hasvery cleverly outlined a scheme by which it would be possible to create a group settlement for the production of cotton. She has adhered strictly to facts sud most of the information iu her book was supplied to her by the Hon. G. 'W- Miles, M.L.C. Mrs. Maley has written Ler book in the hope that she will in fluence wealthy Bradford cotton manu facturers to become sufficiently interested to take up her project and invest some of their superfluous wealth in a venture such as is defined in her book. The authoress i« full of optimism regarding the poten tialities of the Kimberleys for the grow ing of this fluffy pod of wealth. Of recent years most of Mrs. Maley 's writing has been done at the picturesque old homestead of the Maleys at Green cugh. The house is old and rambling and has been the home of the Maleys for the last eighty years. It was built by Air. John btepnen Maley, who, the author ess considers, was a man who lived a gen eration before his time. Strangely enough Mrs. Maley has for her studio the :rcom used as a study by her husband's ancestor. It is charmingly shaped, spa cious and lofty, and overlooks undulating zrieadows and valleys, with a line of silver F.ca glimmering away in the distance. Some thing of the personality of this wonderful ftld man still clings to the room, for Mrs. 3JIalcy declares that once she enters this Ijariicrlar apartment her imagination be comes more acute and the characters she ii; creating become very real. The authoress's father. Professor Niel fiou, graduated at Copenhagen, and for a Jung time was an instructor at the Copen Lsgen University. The call of travel lur ed him to Australia, and here he married rind settled on a farm named 'Sunvale,' &\- called after Mrs. Mielson?s old family Lome in Ireland. For ten veal's before }Js death the professor was stricken with blindness, during which time his daughter Luwse Maley was his devoted and patient companion. Mrs. Maley returned to_ he* fji.-.'Liiresque home on Saturday morning. Mrs. Foster Clarkson. of ''Cypress Holme'' Dongarra. arrived in Perth a few days ago to take back her little boy Douglas, who has been a patient at Miss Lowell's private hospital 'Hamel House' fo r the past seven weeks. The little chap has quite recovered from his seriuus operation. After en.ioying a vear's vacation abroad Professor P. A. Todd. of the Sydney Uai IFersiiy. is returning to Sydney by the Es perance Bay. He devoted most of his time to research work among the ancient 2-;: ins of Ttaly snd Sicily and was privil eged to witness, at close hand, many of the latest excavating activities among the lamoub iuins of Pompeii. .Mr. and Mrs. Norman Walker motored from Naballing, Cartoieticup, yesterday, to be present at to-day's wool sale. An ctber interested seller at the sale to-day T^.=; Mr. Austin Pie.&se;, of Wagin. His is a fatoous clip and the envy of the sur rounding district. The Rector of Busselton (the Rev. W If. Watson) and Mrs. Watson were holi daying in Bunbury last week, and had v.ith them a party of choir boys of St. liaryrs Church, Busselton. A telegram received m Pert a advises that Miss Thelma McCalium, of Subiaco, has received an engagement iu the musical play ''Kid Boots,' now being produced in Melbourne by J. C. Williamson Ltd. This will supplement her conservatorium studies! Mrs. Dunckiey. who has been ill for the past few weeks at Miss Anderson fs hos pital, is now convalescing, having left the hospital vesterday to stay with Mrs. Clark son, of Fremantle. Mr. and Mrs. Falconer and Mr. Walter. Kerr arrived in town on Sunday from the iVTagin district. Mr. and Mrs. Percy G. B. Davies, of iFremantle, intend leaving by train this evening1 on a holiday jaunt to Mel Bourne. Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Collett, of Pepper 2nint Grove, have been holidaying at the Esplanade Hotel, Busseiton. Perth is the centre of an argosy at the present moment. From the four points of the compass come modern Jasons, not in search of the Golden Fleece, but of the ^old which the iieeeec brings^ The mod em Jason brings his wife with him, pre sumably to help him spend his money, arjd judging by outward appearances she is quite willing. }&. and Mrs. Julo MaeMillan motored tip from Kojonup yesterday for the wool sale, and are staying at the Palace. Other country arrivals yesterday were Mr. and Mrs. Walter Stewart, of Broome Hill. They are meeting Mrs Stewart's Bister, Miss'Vida Baiilieu, who disembarks irom io-icorrow'o Great Western express. Tluv are domiciled at the Savoy. Having made fiiT use of evprv raoment cf their' eight months abroad. Mr. W. F. Lcighton Bailey aiid his vifo and son will huve many interestins* things to tell their tumfjeus .friends whea the? itiurn to their home in Waverley. Mr. Bailey is one of the best known journalists in Svdney, having been on the editorial staff of the Sydney 'Evening News' for 36 years. He devotes much of his time to the maintenance of many of Sydney's beau tiful public park lands, and while trav elling through the Old World sought all the information possible on this very im I portant} question 'of town-planning, and the piv vision of ample 'lungs' in the con gested centres of ^population. On his homeward voyage he acted as welfare superintendent of immigrants for the Com monwealth Government on the good ship Barrabool. which carried the remarkable total of eleven hundred odd pasengers, in cluding over 250 children. When visiting Belgium Mr. and Mrs. Bailey were fortu nate in meeting Mr. Philip Harris, , a Sydney journalist, who married a Belgian girl, and has since made his home in Brus sels. Mr. Harris is best known as the founder of that typical Australian monthly publication 'Aussie,' which he materi ally helped to produce under the strangest of circumstances on the western front ?when the war was at its height, and which he later successfully launched in civilian garb. Miss Lila Malloch, accompanied Ky her small twin sisters Joy and Phyl, and Miss Pat Walsh, of West Perth, left to-day for Bunbury, where she will stay at the Rose Hotel. Mr. Neil M'Kenzie, who ia a journalist belonging to the western district of Vic toria, filled the office of welfare superin tendent of immigrants during the present outward run of the Commonwealth liner Esperance Bay, which reached Fremantle on Sunday. While touring Great Britain Mr. M'Kenzie never lost an opportunity to preach the gospel on behalf of Australia, and he succeeded in interesting many Brit ishers of the right type in the possibilities ahead of anyone who cared to voyage to the land of the Southern Cross for the purpose of setting up a new home for themselves and their families. The death is announced of Mrs. Hag gard, wife of Major Edward Arthur Hag gard, after a long and pajnful illness. As a writer of soidier and other stories, Sir Heniy Rider Haggard's youngest brother has enjoyed; considerable sucssess tinder the pseudonym of 'Arthur Amyand,' which he adopted lest it be thought that he was trading on his brother's fame. As a soldier Major Haggard saw active service in the Sndan and South Africa, and has done much for the welfare of service men, and especially army veterans, for whom lie founded a club and association. It will be a great wrench for Captain Mills to turn his back on the sea generally, and leave the bridge of the popular Nor'» West trader Gascoyne in particular. Never theless, he will have countless experiences and reminiscences to recall when he set tles down to retirement on shore. On the arrival of the Gascoyne at Fremantle on Sunday he handed over his command after a service running into 30 years, and dur ing that time he has seen vast develop mental changes take place in the great north of this State on his passages to and from Singapore. Captain Mills is es sentially a Western Australia, having been born at Geraldton. During the down ward run of his vessel on this occasion the passengers assembled to tender their congratulations to Captain Mills, on the eve of his retirement, for having completed a record of which any mariner might be proud. The popular skipper was assured that he would be much missed on the coast. The Rev. T. Goy, who for the past 18 months has controlled the destinies of the St. Paul's Presbyterian Church in Nor tham, has resigned from active work in the ministry, and will relinonish his charge in Northam on the last Sunday in Feb ruary. Mr. Goy has been offered, and has accepted, a position on the permanent staff of the local Y.M.C.A. as resident hostel manager and office secretary. The appointment was ratified by the Y.M.C.A. board of directors on Tuesday last. Al though he has resigned from active pas toral work Mr. Goy will freuqently occu py the pulpit in Presbyterian Churches, as he has undertaken to 'supply' as far as is compatible with his Y.M.C.A. duties. Mr. George Hardy and Mr. Frank Mur ray are in town from Broomehill staying at the Savoy. Bv the Esperance Bay, which made Fre mantle on Sunday, there arrived a fonneu Melbourne presswoman in, Miss Alice Henry, who has been touring Britain and Europe. Child welfare and specialised branches of education have claimed much of Miss Henry's time, while she has trav elled extensively and taken an active part in tbe furtheranoe of women's interests in the political and industrial spheres. She is the author of two publications dealing with the place of the woman worker ia the trade union movement, and in this re* gard she found America far ahead of other countries. Mr. M' Donald, of Perth, motored a party of friends to Bunbury for the races, and then on to Busselton and the Caves (writes an exchange). Th« party includes Mr. and Mrs. Gibson and Mr. and Mrs. G, Kemp. They will tour the South-West, then cross to Narrogin and return to Perth via the Great Southern. 