THE WORLD OF LETTERS Books in Demand FICTION. — Love's Enemy, by Austin J. Small, 5/6; Monsalina. by Vivian Crockett, 5/6; White Monkey, by John Galsworthy, 6/6. LITERARY. — Last Essays, by Maurice Hew lett, 11/6; Selected Papers on Anthropology, by Sir Richard Burton. 19/ ; Figures in Modern Literature, by J. B. Priestley* 10/. GENERAL.— Eternal Rome, The City and Its Pcoplo from tho Earliest Time to the Pre gent Day, by urant tmowerman, itwo vols.) ; Princesses, Ladies and Adventuresses, by Therose Louis Latour, 19/ ; Human Nature Illustrated, by J. T. Miller, 6/. ? ^ Compiler of Great Dictionary Dr. Johnson described the maker of dictionaries as 'a harmless drudge. The story of Dr. Frank Vizetelly, editor of Messrs. Funk and-Wagnall's great Standard Dictionary, is told in a recent issue of the New York Herald Tribune, and it shows there is no more harmless drudge to-day. Vizetelly commenced life on a farm in Surrey, and later at a sawmill. He then crossed to America, where he offered his services to Funic and Wagnall for nothing. After a day's work his salary was fixed at twelve dollars a week, and he now became a dictionary hack and literary job ber. In his spare time he did all sorts of sub-editorial, proof-reading, and publishing work, and thus estab lished himself as an all-round literary craftsman. When Dr. Funk died in 1912, Dr. Vizetelly was given charge of the Standard Dictionary, and he is now probably, the greatest word dealer alive. Dr. Johnson worked with three or four assistants in an attic room in Gough Square, Fleet Street. Dr. Vizetelly has three hun dred word excavators under him. A quarter of a century ago the Stan dard Dictionary contained 125,000 words; to-day it has 400,000. But Dr. Vizetelly is ceaselessly looking out for new words. He finds them here, there, and everywhere. Asked what are the qualifications necessary to a lexicographer, Dr. Vizetelly replied : 'I should say just sufficient educa tion not to know it all, perseverance that will make him tireless in re search, an editorial temperament which can't be surprised by anything, a healthy optimism, and a realisation that 'all men are mortal,' even him self.' Examples of Pinero's Wit JDLE people cultivate one branch of industry assiduously, — the manufacture of excuses. '^rANITY is the cause of a great deal of virtue in men; the vainest are those who like to be thought respectable. ^pHE man who can retain the atten tion of half a dozen women for five minutes has the power of hold ing the House of Commons for one hour. Y^70MEN love men whose natures are like bright colors — the home spun of life repels them. They de light to hear their fate in the cadences of a musical voice. ]y£ARRIAGE is the beginning of a man's life. . . . No, sir, it is the end of it. What comes after is either heaven or hell. English Most Intelligent Race For some time American psycholo gists have been attempting to assess and grade the mental capacity, firstly, of school cliildren, and, secondly, of nations as a whole. Mr. Carl C. Brigham, assistant professor of psy chology in Princeton University, has just completed an analysis of a me moir published by the National Aca demy of Sciences upon 116,000 mental tests carried out in the American Army during the war. In these tests 81,000 native-born Americans, 12,000 foreign born, and 23,000 negroes, were submitted to examination, and Mr. Brigham's results are set out in the following order : — 1\. English. 10. Belgian. 2\. Scots. 11. Irish. 3\. Dutch. 12. Austrian. 4\. German. 13. Turkish. 6\. American (white). 14. Greek. 6\. Danish. .15. Russian. 7\. Canadian. 16. Italian. 8\. Swedish. 17. Polish. 9\. Norwegian. 18. American (colored)'. The tests, it is important to note, were designed to measure native intel ligence apart from educational ac quirements. Many were adapted for the completely illiterate and for others with no knowledge of English. Professor Brigham forecasts a seri ous deterioration in American intelli gence. 'We are incorporating the negro into our stock, while all Europe is comparatively free from this taint,' he says. 'According to all the avail able evidence, American intelligence is declining, and will proceed to de cline at an accelerating rate as the racial admixture becomes more and more extensive. If immigration were stopped now, the decline of American intelligence would still be inevitable.' 