PERSONAL . . j Professor Sir Edgowortli David will arrlvo In Molbourno on Saturday from Sydney, on Ills way to London to ar- rjxnira tlio nnhHrnMon nf hfn liew work on goology. Ho Will proccod to Frcmantlo tp join tho Themlstocles. Major General Sir William Glas gow has returned to Melbourne from Queensland. Mr Harold Gin pp. 'Chief Commis sioner of Railways, will bo tho guest of the Ballaret Chamber of Com- morco tonight, whon ho will lecture on Railways Management. Tho Danish Comtul (Mr Ove Lunn) and Mrs Lunn nrrivod yesterday from Sydney, and are staying at tho Hotel Windsor. Among thoso staying nt tho Hotel Windsor ' arc: — Mr Mark B. Young (Commonwenllh Bank, Sydney), tho Director of Immigration (.Mr Percy lIubLcr), Mi- .lolin Livingston (Mount Gambler), Mrs \V. F. Turnor (lrrank- st.on). Dr. and Mrs Lines (Hobart), Mrs O. B, Orboll (Now Zealand), Air and Mrs Jamos Wlllts (Chrlstchurch, New Zcalnnd), Mr nnd Mrs C. S. Charllck (Adelaide), Misses M. Ilnycs and M, Von Ruben (Adelaide), and Mr F. Harris (Colchcstor, England). Tho Rev. P. B. Clayton, of Toe II Society, visited Gcelong yesterday, and delivered an address on tho work of tho movement. ' The Rev. Father G. Pnyno, of Wnrrnnmbool, hns been appointed priest of the Sea Lnlto parish. Tho Rov. Fnther Gaffncy, of Mild urn, will go to Varrncltnubenl. Tlio commitlon which conducted tho roturn linll to the Mayor and Mayoress of Ballaret, Cr. A. Levy and Miss Zll- lnh Levy, has a balance ln hand of more than £100. It hns been de cided to purchnso suitable memen tos of their term of office for pre sentation to tho Mayor and Mayoress. Among tho pnssongers on the Sj'fl- noy to Molbourno express today wero Group Captain Williams and Squad ron Lender Drummond, of tho Air Force. Air F. C. Boavan, who has joined tho stuff of tho Victorian Co-opera tive Freezing Co. as chief engineer at Bondigo. was formerly chief engi neer with the firm of John Cooke and Co. Pty. Ltd nnd for Wallaroo-AIount Lyoll Fortlliser Ltd. Lately he hns been doing consulting work ln Syd ney and Atclbourno. 