NEWS SUMMARY I TASMANIA: Charles L. Hillier was adjudged not guilty in the Criminal Court yester day on a charge of wounding. The hearing of a shopbreaking charge against William Thomas =Rus den was opened and Vill be continued to-day. Only routine business was tran sacted by the Marine ~Board at its meeting yesterday. Mr Edward B. Jackson has Leen granted a river trading master's cer tificate, and Mr Stuart S. Mitchell a port ' enginedriver's. A successful golden fplr was held in the Invermay Methodist ; school room yesterday for the purpose of liquidating the debt on the parsonagfe. A, young woman was before Mr -E. L. Hall yesterday, charged with hav ing stolen a purse containing money. Alfred John Dobson, carter of Ho fcart, has been arrested And charged with wilfully ? murdering his Vfife. ' The retirement of Mr 1; ? R. 'Ab0-. stationmaster at Xfaunceston, wis an nounced yesterday. - Francis O. Owens (40), died in the Hobart Hospital yesterday from ' a badly fractured left jaw. In view of Mr E. L. Hail's new ap pointment, it will be necessary to re arrange the work 'of Police Magis trates. ... . Yesterday another 100 men- left Hb bart. to go to the-osmiridium fields. The Minister for Lands has agreed to lease 30,000 acres of land to a com pany ior a fur farm. ' Tlie. Premier, addressed a mass meeting of unemployed at llobart yes terday. , The Old Launcestonlans lowing 'Club at tiieir annual' meeting- la6t'i?Vt!-r night carried- a., motion in favor of T disbanding the club. ~ 1 INTER-STATE: ' J ' ' The British shipowners offer to settle the snipping strike if the men return by noon to-morrow. On behalf of ,tli,e nipn. tJie president 'of the strikers in Sydiiey (Mr John-' stone) characterised the offer aa ah insult, and statfig it will not be ac cepted. ' - '* SPORTING. ? fiP'v. Frank Dempsey will leare England on return to Australia to-day, and will v'a«8 ride at the V.R.C. and V.A.T.C. spring-3^ meetings. ' : There to .a large attenaanee 'at ' the i'arra Glen and Lilydale 1 Hufic Club races at Moonee ATalley yester day. - The Cup race at Moonee Valley was over a three mile course, and way won by Winchaldean from Ttannock and Drumbleye. . ' . i ^ In the Care Hill Handicap, Battery - man won in 1.40J from Speariset anil uiaxy. Nucko, owned by Mr H. Lidger wood, ran second to Kaolin in tli* High Weight Handicap at Moonee Valley yesterday. T ?OVERSEAS' ? In future prohibition depends on tlie succeBfe or failure of the new sys tem of federal enforcement, which tvas inaugurated ill- America on Tues day. ; . -?; German ex-officers hive been per mitted to appear in uniform. ? ? The London Missionary Society has received from China news from iwo sources that the missionaries cabled 'kidnapped ' on August -20 .-have 'been released. - , . Uiipt. Jimgeed completed a flight . from J\Iadrid, Gotunnai Pyrensse, Bar celona, Alicante, AndaiuBia, Lisfbon, and back to Madrid, a distance of 4000 kilometres, in 32 hours. The. Sophocles, which ^arrived at ' -Cape Town from England, anchored in the bay, and her crew exfteeted to join the strike. » She h6.8 400 immi grants for Australia a,t)'oard. ' A message from Fez Bays that 'news ?has been received of the linking 6f the Spanish y&Bsel; 'Esjitinaqulata, which wm conveying -troops !to' Al iueemas. .... '/s-- The new futures market of 'Empfr'e grown and miscellaneous cotton waa formally opened at4he Liverpool Cot- - ton Exchange. General Fo published- the full text of the reply to China's invitation to attend the Tariff Conference in readi ness to consider and discuss con jointly with other interested Powers apy reasonable proposal which China submits regarding the Customs tariff. Owing to the refusal of a demand . : for increased wages' the seamen fern ployed on' Danish ? sailing ships have ? 'struck. The Danish Unskilled Work- i i ers' Union declared a transport block- : ? ade, and the owners are affected.;' The International : Telegraphie Conference for revision.' Ot the ' r5''? graphic union's regulations ; has ' ' sembled at Sorbonne, €0 coiipantes ♦ and 40 cable companies being repre sented by 250 delegates, -including ; British and Australian. ' * ' Lacking support,. the New' York bJp dicate, which 'floated the Australian loan, was dissolved -on Monday. The « bnnds heretofore selling , around the toffered price of £99 10s' broke trwo points on the Exchange on Tuesday. 