WOOL MARKET RECOVERY A cablegram received by Dalgety and Co. reports that wool prices on London continue firm. Rates report ed since the opening of the July scries there are fully maintained and de mand Is active. Crossbred wools are now realising prices ranging from par to 5 per cent, higher. BULK HANDLING OF WHEAT "The recommendation of the Bulk Handling of Wheat Commission ap pears to be purely another effort for Government monopoly." That was the opinion expressed to day by Mr P. C. Pike, of G. G. Crespin and Co., jute merchants. "It means not only the expulsion of trading in sacks, but it suggests a compulsory wheat pool," said Mr Pike. "The benefits from bulk hand ling are in the air. The experience in New South Wales for the past five years has been a heavy loss to the taxpayer. If there were a benefit only one section of the community — the farmer — would gain. "Had the Commission dealt with the facts as expressed and notod by Mr 'J'.mKi VIIC ui I.IIC Illlliliucis vL (.lit; Commission, tho recommendation must surely have been against the construc tion of silos. "The adoption o£ bulk handling will not assist to open up more country nor will it cost the farmers less," con tinued Mr Pike. "Freight on bulk overseas Is heavier, insurance Is more costly, and tho marketing would be conlined to those ports that can handle bulk cargoes. "It the Government is an earnest beneficent to the community it should spend the proposed money to put set tlers on tho land free, of expense for three years. This would open up the country. Canada's old immigration policy could well be followed in this direction." JUTE GOODS j Another advance In jute prices at Calcutta was advised today. Corn- sacks reached 14/ a dozen c.l.f. at that centre yesterday, and are rising rapidly. Spot quotations in the city are un changed — corn sacks 13/3 a dozen branbags S/9, woolpacks D/6. FAT STOCK For next week's fat stock sales at Newmarket trucks were ordered up to noon today ns follow: — Tuesday, 275 for sheep and Iambs; Wednesday and Thursday, 3S8 for cattle, calves and bulls. For the nig market 4« trunk are booked. LONDON BUTTER MARKET The rising pricw of butter were chocked on the London market this week. Cubling to their Melbourne office, Sfessra W. Weddel and Co. quoted (he market as follows; — Danish butter 190/ to 102/ a cwt.; Austrulian tlrst-grade un- halted, 134/ to 183/. ' These prices represent a fall of 8/ on the week for Danish butter, (he message adds, and 2/ for Australian unsalteil. 'Die market is quieter, ami the full is duo largely to the re- lease of stored block, which holders derided to clear iM-forc the hew season's competition starts. Australian first-grade white cheese was quoted in l«nmion at 101/, and colored at 102/ to 104/. The market I quieter in sympathy with the butter market. The Australian Producer Wholesale To-opera tive Federation give the following official rate a received by cable this morning:— Australian first. ISO/ to 1S4/ n ctvh: tinnltd to 188/ New Zealand, ISO/ to 183/; Danish, 190/ to »./, A healthier tone I, ex,„:,.|e,| .horll.v, the cable state. Itu.ver nt present are nur- chining from hand to mouth, but seller gener ally are firm in view of the small arrivals tin month. There i less Inquiry for che-o, but tin- fsltion I considered sound. New Zealand, 1 («»«>.' («» "»/ i Wl., /liinu.Mluu, JI13/ ||t lilt/. The exiMjft levy of 1-lOil. a lb. ou butter and 1-32d. on cheese, introduced hv the Dnirv I'toduce Control Board, ha been ih operation, it i stated, since July 1. Some exporters were under the Impression that the levv would come Into forco on August I. 