Summary of World - Wide Cable News THE EMPIRE The Sooth African Government has appointed an economic commission, including Professor Henry -Clay, Pro fessor of Political Economy in the University of Manchester. "The People" publishes an inter view with Miss Amy Strong, who has, arrived in London from Australia to search Turkey for her Anzac fiance. Sergeant Herbert Tracy Pilditch, of " New Zealand. Pilditch was reported: killed on Gallipoli in 1916. Miss Strong became engaged to another man in 1922. Then she had five vivid dreams, showing Pilditch to be alive in an Eastern bazaar. She broke -UP OMJ 0A# llllt on engil|5«iireia aim — search for him. "Wembley's most important object is to implant in the minds of women and children the need for Empire co operation." said Lady Galway, wife of Sir Henry Galway. a former Oov-i c-rnor of South Australia, lady Gal-s way ts chairwoman of the women's" section of the exhibition, and she1 was speaking at a meeting of women, i at which Lady Henry. Lady Syden-; ham. and Lady Cowan were presents Miss Creighton-Imrie, in advocating; that ari interest be taken in Empire: shopping week, claimed that Aus tralian flour, dried fruit and wines were the world's best. She suggest ed' that some shiploads of Australian dried fruits should be specially with-i held and forwarded to England in1 time to provide a supply for Christ mas puddings. A prolonged strike of Danish trans port workers has cut off supplies of Danish dairy produce and given an in voluntary fillip to the campaign in lavor or tne consumption ot btnpire products. Australasian supplies oi butter, which are arriving in increased quantities, are filling all the needs of housewives. A prominent dairyman 1 expressed the opinion that the only! effect of the strike would be thai 3 people in the Midlands would be com pelled to forego Danish butter, foi ; which they have an unexplained pas sion, and buy the Dominion products It is noteworthy that only New Zea land butter and eggs are being served at Wembley. In a statement to The Times in connection with the Australian cruiser and submarine contracts placed in Britain, the Australian High Commissioner <Sir Joseph Cook) said it was fortunate that the contracts were placed in Britain at a time when the British shipbuilding industry was suffering so severely faoin foreign competition. This indicated Aus tralia's desire to support British in dustry. It is doubtful if the agreement be tween Canada and Australia will be submitted for ratification in the Can adian House of Commons during the present session. It is believed that certain provisions, in the treaty are opposed by the Progressive and Liberal low tariff element. The Pre mier (Mr W. L. M. King) and his colleagues are most anxious to ratify it and establish closer trade relations, but there are political difficulties in the way which at the moment cannot he ignored. Sir Robert Muirhead Collins, form erly Official Secretary in London for the Commonwealth, has returned to London from Italy, where he stayed at the Castle Florence. "Many Italians inquired about migration nrosnppts " llP c-vto "T pnncMpr tVl-lt- in view of the American ban on im- migrants.Ausl ralia should seize the op portunity, but she should take North ern Italians, in preference to the emo tional Southerners. They might do something in Australia on the lines of the extensive rice cultivation in Italy. Commenting on "the daring art" of Miss Cumlarae Stewart, the Mel bourne pastel artist, which it describes as "the nude in red slippers," the Westminster Gazette- says some of the spectators protested that such acces sories as a feathered diadem and red slippers imparted to the pictures an unnecessary grimace of naughtiness. Miss Stewart considers Australia has a healthier attilude towards the nude than Britain. "The adoption of a national trade mark for Canadian products and a national advertising campaign over a period of years," is what Canada must do if ,she is to improve or even hold her position in Britain, according to a marketing expert, whom the Govern ment of Ontario despatched to Eng land to investigate marketing condi tions. He recommends that a con ference of representatives from all parts of Canada should consider the wnore export ana margeting situa tion. According to the political corres pondent of the Westminster Gazette, the Government Intends to constitute a body analogous to the Imperial De fence Committee, including several. Ministers and heads of departments, with a staff, to advise on colonial poli tics. The committee will be on civti lines. It will co-ordinate research work on tropical diseases and similar matters. Its scope is regarded as most important. 