tttiina & Wallaran ?imt& . KADINA, WEDNESDAY, JAN. AUSTRALIA AND IMMIGRATION. Side by side with the great task o£ developing the resources of our Com monwealth stands the question of im migration. The settlement of Aus tralia by suitable men and women has : lor decades been looked upon as a I riiatter of natural eventuality, and in \ the past the increasing of . the popula tion by inducing settlers to come from overseas has not caused any great con cern. It was felt that Australia would would be populated gradually and surely just as America and Canada were populated, and that this would take place without any strenuous effort on the part of the Australian States. The process, however, has been some what slow, and after the lapse of over a century Australia can boast of but a meagre population of six millions. In the earlier days <of this State, in ducements were certainly held out by means of the Land Grant System, and as a result there was an influx of European settlers that were indeed worthy additions of the population. No distinction was made so long as they were white and respectable, willing to put their shoulders to the whel and aid in the exploiting of the splendid re sources that are available to those who have the energy and tenacity necessary for pioneering work. Scottish, Irish, German, Italian, Swedish. and Danish folk arrived at these shores, and in time were assimilated and formed good Australians. The British stock that made Australia their new home formed' the basis of the population, and the loyalty to the new country and the Em pire of which it is part remained the. outstanding feature of the settlements. But the happy-go-lucky days of immi gration have gone, and the situation has undergone, a tremendous change. Statistics revealed the fact that the na tural increase of the population was unsatisfactory, and when the "White Australia" policy was evolved the question of population became a vital problem for the Statesmen of the Commonwealth. The great distance from Europe induced many desirable emigrants to choose America rather than Australia, and during the five years before the Great War the influx to Australia from Europe amounted to very little. The war itself caused even this trickle to cease, and thus the pro blem has been much intensified. The terrible wastage in young man hood as the result of the conflict further depleted Australian population, and matters in this connection are al most at a; standstill. Of course efforts have been made to remedy this unsatis factory state of- affairs, nad Baby Bonuses, Barwell Boys schemes, etc. have, been evolved,, to counteract the downward tendency: or induce a nar Jural increase to become larger. The fact remains. &at;' these schemes aj~e Thetask before lu is-^o ^weart the great stream ol iimnigjaSon ffrom ^rpfepible of Ae|Wwie;^ropj^^^S; ; &d;^tiohaiities. ^Mte^nencehas shown .' that the ."? Swedish,. -Danish, French, Italian, German and Austrian peoples assiriiilate with those of British ; "origin in. awaiy. entirely satisfactory and America itself is proof of the utility of th^ resultant alloy: Language and School education and erivironmeiit are active forces in breaking down the bar-. Tiers of1 what is foreign and non British, and the first . and second gene rations of these immigrants know no other land than that adopted by their parents. Theybecome by birth and are by ibstinct good Australians, -de-* veloping in course of time all the characteristics of the country in which they live. Oply the names remain to tell of their origin. " It appears that the time will soon be at hand when the restrictions that were imposed dusmg the war must be re moved, a|gd||hat our doors will have to be' openea^pJthe clamoring multitudes that are "seeking new homes over the seas. For our safety's sake we cannot refuse them admission. As stated,- the situation has vastly' changed, and our rights to maintain a "White Australia" are being subtly challenged by peoples I that are unlke us in color, mode of living and sentiment. If we have any faith at all in the future of Australia we must do our utmost to make that future -secure, and the chief means to tins end . is a strong and adequately numerous population. The cry of "danger" has been heard so often, that we are likely to pay litte heed, for the danger has not.- materialised and we have grown callous to its significance.. It is time that we awakened to the reality and urgency of the position. Under the circumstances enumerated it is astonishing to find among a certain section a decided prejudice against im migration. - This section, chiefly com posed of tjie Labor element, protests against the introduction of immigrants (ftowever desirable they may be) on the grounds of accentuating the un-' employed problem. Much might be said in disputing this idea, but.it may be stated that the opponents of immi gration at the" present stage entirely, overlook the fact that each new immi grant is a potential source of revenue. Men, women and children must eat, I drink, wear clothes and obtain certain necessaries, and these wants make for employment, not for unemployment. No one willingly becomes a charge on the State, and it is a known fact that an immigrant accepts conditions as he finds them and is willing to work. The selfish attitude of the Labor' Party in some of the States is a great obstacle' to securing the right type of immi grants .of whom Australia stands so much in need. There are thousands of British unemployed that would make admirable citizens of our great Com monwealth.. .We have the land, and we need the people. We have no quarrel with the "White Australia" idea, but if we wish to preserve our land from dangers and mischances such as have visited America, we must fling prejudice on one side and .view the situation broadly and fairly. We should offer every possible arid reason able inducement to Britishers to make Australia their home, but should also be broad-minded enough to hold out the hand of friendship to kindred na tionalities, to men and women whose ideals approximate our own and who are capable of aiding us in raising Aus tralia to. the status of greatness which is assured by the potentialities of this vast land. There is room in Australia for millions of people. Let us send out the call to them across the seas. Let us itot remain the \reakest link in the chain of Empire, but a sturdy and self-reliant people, one in loyalty and endeavor, and one in faith and con fidence in the high mission of the Aus tralian Commonwealth. 