OBITUARY \------ WILLIAM DAWSON LAMB. INTERESTING REMINISCENCES. The passing of Mr. W. D. Lamb, whose funeral takes place at Yangan to-day, marks the removal of one of Warwick's oldest and most respected pioneer residents. Arriving in this dis trict in 1864 he worked his way up from a small beginning to an honored position in the community and played an important part in Warwick's development. About a year ago Mr. Lamb compiled some interesting notes concerning his strenuous life. From those we glean the following: Mr. Lamb was the youngest in a family of six sons and two daughters. He first saw the light at Kendal Hill Farm near Glasson Dock, six miles from the county town of Lancaster on March 22, 1847, and was christened at Christ Church, Glasson Dock in the following month. His school experiences are reminiscent of a Dickens' novel. The school he attended was a State Church institution as it was a considerable time before national schools came into existence. The school fees were 3d. to 4d. per week, with an extra 6d. in winter for coal for firing. The schoolmaster was minus a leg and in Mr Lamb's recollection was not too kind. The youthful scholar, being left handed, thought it cruel to be hammered into using pen and pencil with the right hand. He survived, how ever, but never forgot the cruel treatment received. The school master was apparently a gentleman who believed in looking after himself. During the winter months his desk and himself were kept close to the fire, and there was little warmth for the youngsters who brought the money to school to buy coal. Apparently little interest was taken in school affairs at that time and the only visits were from the clergy man who came along twice a week to give religious instruction. The school was situated about a quarter of a mile from the dock and as the bigger boys had a good view of the shipping there was great interest taken at high water when ships would either be com ing in or going out of port. According to Mr Lamb that was the time the school master would have his innings by sneaking up behind the boys and boxing their ears or making them stand on a form for a time where they nursed their wrath. Boxing of ears was a favorite punishment with the school master but it was a bad one and to that punishment Mr Lamb attributed the deafness from which he suffered during after years. Another form of punishment was the use of the blackboard ruler on the bare hands which, in this particular school, was used with great force. Later on Mr. Lamb went to an old fashioned school where he had a much better time. He speaks with great affection of the good old pair in charge of the school. He remembered Sunday in his school days as the hardest day in the week. There was Sunday school twice a day and church twice a day. From the time he was nine years of age, he had to work both before and after school and all day on Saturday. During hay and harvest time, and at other busy times, he was kept from school altogether so that he considered he had a hard upbringing. Being the youngest boy in the family he felt he had to submit to his elder brothers but he held very kindly recollections of a good mother who stood up for him. Being on a small farm all the family were very busy working to meet the landlord's demands for rent and claims from other creditors. When he was ten years of age his father died after an illness of about four years. The complaint which carried him off was one which with present medical knowledge could have been easily cured. At the age of 11 his mother wanted to apprentice him to a trade, but this was over-ruled, by his brothers, and this made young Lamb very dissatisfied. In 1852 his brother Thomas, who had left home for Aus tralia, wrote to his mother for him to come out. His brother nominated him for a passage in 1864 and he sailed in August of that year from Birkenhead to Queensland in the ship Queen of the South, 1800 tons burden, with 370 passengers on board. He regretted very much leaving his mother and thought that had he been a few years older he would not have done so. He was soured with hard work and no play. As the American war was on at the time, things were very bad in the cotton trade which made times particularly hard. The ship made a good passage, reaching Cape Otway in 70 days, and Moreton Bay in 90 days, which was considered very good going at that time. During the trip the miz zen mast of the vessel broke off in the night and caused some commotion. A small jury mast had to be rigged. This interfered with the speed of the ship as she would not "bout-ship" and had to wear round which meant loss of time and mileage. The passengers were landed in Brisbane from a lighter pull ed up the river by a small tug boat which arrived on the night of November 1, 1864. There Mr Lamb had his first experience of the Queensland mosquito which was far from pleasant. At that time the Brisbane River could be crossed on foot at low water, now there is a 26 feet fairway. Brisbane was then a scattered, swampy place with a population of about 8,000 people. It had no railways and no coaches. After staying in Brisbane for three days, the young immigrant left for Ipswich in a small river steamer. Ipswich was then quite a busy centre. All the produce from the country was landed there from lighters. During the day the Ipswich streets near the wharves were lined with bullock teams yoked to drays as the wagon age had not then arrived. The first section of the railway line to Grandchester was then in course of construction and the rails had been laid a few miles out of Ipswich. A tiny locomotive was on the job and the same class of engine was used for many years after. Compared with the English railway engines, Mr Lamb looked on the whole outfit as a mere toy. The inter-State telegraph line had then been newly opened to Sydney and was work ed by one wire only. From Ipswich Mr. Lamb came by team to Warwick with the original Mr. Thompson and his 2 sons whose families are now well to-do members of the community in this district. When he landed in Warwick it was harvest time and being a good hand with the reaping hook he could easily hold his own with other workers, although he was then only 17 years of age. Clark's flour mill, which stood near the west end of Fitzroy- street, was then a new building and as flour had to be imported to Aus tralia at that time to make up a short age, wheat was 10/- per bushel. There were no reaper machines or no mowing machines at that time. Wheat was threshed with small travelling machines worked by two or four horses. The machines only threshed the wheat. Men had to shake the straw with wooden forks to get the loose wheat out and then a man had to get the short straw out with a rake and kicking with his foot. Then the wheat and chaff had to be put through a winnower twice before it was ready for the mill. At this time (1864) the bulk of the wheat was grown on Deuchar's Creek, at the Pocket and in the Sandy Creek district, with a little on Campbell's Plains, Freestone and Swan Creek. These last-named districts were only just opened up at that time. Only land on the creeks was considered fit to cultivate. Wages were then from 15/- to £1 per week, the latter figure being considered a good wage. Mr. Lamb's late brother ran a thresher and for a time the new arrival used to drive the horses which he considered a nice soft job at 4/- per day and tucker (of a kind), three times a day. Later on Mr. Lamb got a machine of his own and did fairly well with it. He could see that wheat would need to be produced more cheaply or cultivation would cease. Wages began to rise and people increased their areas. In the 'sixties land was hard to get hold of, as there was no land tax and according to Mr. Lamb the squatters got all the best land available and forced the settlers on to the scrub and mountain coun try where they had to struggle against big odds owing to want of water and bad roads, or no roads at all. Mr. Lamb painted a vivid picture of the pioneer ing struggle of those sturdy men and women who went out into the wild bush to carve homes for themselves and suffered inconveniences of fire and floods and often actual hunger that people of the present day would not face. There was then no sympathetic Government to turn to for assistance and the banks would not look at a farmer even if he had good security to offer. As the number of settlers increased and the price of land went up, the big owners found it paid them better to sell and go further west to cheaper country. Mr. Lamb paid a high tribute to the early storekeepers who were liberal in their assistance to the small man in tiding over many diffi culties, without which assistance a large proportion would never have pulled through. There were no 8-hour days in those times. There was also hardly a newspaper and European news had to be telegraphed from King George's Sound. In 1868 Mr. Lamb was camped near what is now Loch Lomond, and was engaged in splitting posts and rails to fence the north side of the then new road from Murray's bridge to old Killarney, a distance of about six miles. After finishing that contract he went to Canning Downs and was employed as a rouseabout at the build ing of a new wool scour six miles up the river from Warwick. Returning to Mr. Lamb's history in the wheat industry, he did fairly well for a number of years threshing in the seasons and chaff-cutting at odd times. He then purchased a steam threshing plant, including a 6 h.p. portable engine and a 4ft. thresher, both of which had to be removed with bul locks. Wheat was then reaped by side or back delivery and bound into sheaves by hand. His first experi ence was at the late Mr. Thomas Mc Guckin's farm at Jew's Retreat where 100 acres had to be dealt with along the banks of the river. This was the beginning of the larger areas of wheat growing in the district and Mr. Lamb's first start with steam power. He threshed out 830 four-bushel bags, or about 3300 bushels, which was sold at 5/- per bushel to Horwitz's mill (late Clark's). He had a good season's run in good weather and afterwards took the engine to Hall Bros.' sawmill and put in the winter saw ing timber until the next threshing season when he had a still better run which was continued for some years until other machines came along. Then a war of prices took place, and things were not so good. In 1876, in con junction with his brother-in-law (Mr. W. Hall) he bought a W. A. Wood wire-tie reaper and binder and they both worked at it day and night and did well although the season was dry and crops were thin and short. After finishing up the season with the binder it was raffled and he and Mr. Hall pooled the proceeds with the other money earned during the season. In 1877 Mr. Lamb bought a farm at Yangan and combined agricultural pursuits with threshing and other works until 1896 when he ventured on a new plant with a 4ft. 6in. thresher and an 8 h.p. traction engine and elevator. Owing to a controversy with the then Railway Commissioner (Mr Thallon), who wanted £32 to bring the machine up from Brisbane by rail he and his brother- in-law decided to run it up by road. This was done and the machine was landed at Yangan after nine days of actual travelling. This was the first traction engine to cross the range from Brisbane under its own power. Mr. Lamb stated that the first man in Queensland to get a traction engine in this district was Mr. John Hall of Mt. Sturt, and he was followed by Mr. Canavan of Freestone, and Mr. John Kelly of Allora. As years went on Mr. Lamb added more land to his holding and when a firm built a cheese factory at Yangan he did some dairying but a price of 3d. per gallon for milk and no whey back, soon gave him enough of this class of business, especially as a little later the price dropped to 2½d. per gallon. Many suppliers then left the factory. It was at about this time that the Government brought up Mr. Mahon from Victoria to demonstrate the modern methods of making but ter. This was the start of the co- operative business in cheese and but ter making, which has since been so successfully developed. In the year 1900, in company with Mr. and Mrs. P. Mathieson, Mr. Lamb went for a trip to Europe on the P. and O. steamer "Arcadia". Their itinerary in cluded Denmark, where a great deal of experience was gained from Danish dairying methods. On returning to Queensland, however, Mr Lamb paid particular attention to wheat, and in 1901 he had two plants in operation, one run by a 10 h.p. portable engine that required 20 bullocks to haul and the other by a Buffalo traction en gine. He did very well that season as there was a big crop and good wheat. In 1902 and 1903 during the big drought, wheat was a failure, as there was no rain to give the wheat a start at sowing time. The result was a shortage of seed and he was chosen by the wheat growers to go to South Australia in company with Peter McLean, who was at that time Director of Agriculture. They bought about 12,000 bags of different kinds of seed wheat there. Some of these proved good but others were too soft and rusty. The Gluyas variety proved about the best and that wheat is be ing grown here at the present time. A little later, Mr. Lamb and his son went into partnership and engaged in the industry of sheep and fat lamb rearing. They did very well with fat lambs at a price of 11/- at yards, and wool at 1/- per pound. In 1911 Mr. Lamb and his son dissolved partner ship and he sold to each one-third of the estate of about 650 acres, all good land, as well as a third of the stock and machinery. Mr Lamb then lead a quiet life for a few years until his wife died. Mr Lamb was twice mar ried. In 1871 he married Jessie, the second daughter of the late Will iam and Mrs. Tulloch, of Glencairn, Swan Creek, and reared a family of three sons and six daughters, all of whom are still alive. A little over four years ago he married Mrs Mathie son and spent the evening of his days very happily and quietly. During his residence in this district Mr. Lamb took a considerable interest in public affairs. He played a prom inent part in the development of the Warwick Farmers Mill, and in 1895 was elected a director and held that position until the time of his death. Upon three occasions he was chair man of the company. He was a foundation member of the Rose of Warwick Oddfellows' lodge estab lished in 1873. In 1894 he became a foundation member of the Pride of Yangan Lodge, and several of his sons are Past Grands in that society. His photograph with three surviving members of the "Rose of Warwick Lodge" (W. Collins, T. Mogridge, and G. Finch) appeared in the "Queensland Oddfellows magazine" in January last. He joined the St. George Masonic Lodge in 1885 and in 1904, when the Masonic Lodge was opened at Yangan he was its first Master. He was also chairman of the Yangan school committee and occupied that position from 1884 to 1916, when the present school was opened. He was a member of the Eastern Downs Association since its formation in 1867 and in the Jubilee year of the society in 1917 was elected a life-member. In 1894 he was elected a member of the Glengallan Shire Council and held this position, for three years, but was defeated at the next election because, as he said, he was instrumental in gett ing a bridge over the creek at Yangan which he did not use. In 1870, when the Franco-Prussian war was raging, he joined a company of volunteers started in Warwick and attained the rank of lieutenant. Mr. Lamb lived a busy and hard life, and it is to men of his calibre that Queensland owes its develop ment. Presbyterian Church 