Romance of Australian Goldfields Rush. I One of the greatest romances of emigration and fortune is revealed by . the will of iirs. Millicent Emily Salt- j ing, a rich Mavfair widow, who has left nearly £2,000,000 (says the London "Sunday News"). 1 The foundations of this great wealth ' were ialu by a poor.-Danish emigrant who went out to Australia 50 years ago. In no less romantic fashion the bulk of the fortune has passed, under two wills, to the old Scottish family of the Earl of Haddington. The present Earl inherits about £1,000,000 under the latest will. Friendless, and with little money, a young' Dane went out to Australia in 1835—before the great gold rush—"to seek his foi*tune." Hot." he found it and became a millionaire—first as sheepfarmer, then as merchant, and by taking advantage of the opening and development of the goldfields—is recalled by the death of Mrs. Millicent Emily Salting, his daughter-in-law, whose will re- veals an enormous estate of nearly £2,000,000. Fortune Doubled. Mrs. Salting lived in a spacious mansion in Berkeley square, a house famous for its art treasures. But since the death of her husband she has retired almost completely from social life, to live in a manner little suggestive of her vast wealth. When it was m ade known that the £991,324 left to her 19 years ago by her husband, Mr. William Severin Salting, son of the poor Danish emigrant, had been nearly doubled, even the closest friends of Mi's. Salting were taken by surprise. Mr. Sailing, sen., established him- self as a sheepfarmer in Australia nearly 90 years ago, and made a success of it When the gold rush of 1851 came and galvanised the whole country into a frenzied activity, he did what €fearly able-bodied .man in Australia did—lie joined in the rush. And he was lucky. He found gold. In that mad stampede in the bleak ( j wilderness, beneath which the gold j talced the seeker in vast quantities, |To.rfrines were sometimes made in a ' ! night. Men struck with a pick to find j u ) them the yellow sparkling j treasure of a King Solomon's mine. •Nuggets weighing 500 ozs. and mere ; : One | ' • .'Cii hacked out of the rock. such was sold fop £10,500. « Livestmcnt. Mr. Salting extended his scope of j xs&klzg.; The cash he got for gold h.3 Iii vis Led in i and, and, with ihe enorsuyes rises in values which followed tne opening up of the coun- ; :ry, the coming of the telegraph, rail- | way and fresh population and capital, jland proved a second gold mine for him. He joined forces with two other enterprising men, and founded the Sydney firm of Slower, Salting, Challis and Co. Salting was in on rockbottom prices. The country grew; he grew with it. When, in 1857, Mr. Salting determined to retire and settle in England with his two sons, William and George, he was reputed to be a millionaire, and he was, He bought^ a beautiful estate at Chertsey, Surrey, and there he lived until his death in 1865. His vast fortune he left to his two sons* each of whom inherited ovc» £1,000,000.' The eldest son, William, whose widow's will lias just been proved, died in 1905, and left £991,324. His widow inherited this fortune intact. For 19 years she lias lived quietly, never spending a tithe of her income. Waelth roiled in on her automatically, and her vast capital grew until, at her death at the aga of 76, it had almost doubled itself. The groes valye pf her estate is £1,968,184. Mr. George Salting, the younger son of the Danish immigrant, was a world-famous art connoisseur. He devoted his whole life to collecting objects of art.. Society, luxury and travel did not interest him. He had only one passion—his art treasures. ! He lived alone in a small set of chambers in St James-street, where his rooms were overcrowded with a . unique collection of art treasures— • pictures, rae books, sculptures, porce- : enamels, bronzes, and old gold .and sil>e?. He was a well-known figu»e=^3n Insignificant shabby-looking man, who i.;. ...nnibuses and took his meals : Sea shops. '"-n of Chinses porcelain . _ -h^ iiaast in e^dstence. At asUsc* art sale at Paris,, in 1SS3, 'lie what was ihgn considered v .•• yuji.of £40,0P9 PB , which took his fancy. On his •i death he bequeathed the greater part jof his treasures to the National Galilery, the British Museum, and the Victoria and Albert Museum, South Kensington. Tils vast fortune—£1,348,083—he _ i ' o h!s nicci (the only child of his . Mii'Ownt Sailing), who h*d married Lord Binning, eldest s^n of the eleventh Earl of Haddington. Rich Young Earl. ; The present Earl, 30 years of age, a son of Lady. Binning and a grandson of Mis. Millicent Salting on the ; maternal side—and therefore greatgrandson of the old Danish adventurer—won the M.C. in the war and owns about 34,000 acres of land. He married, last October, Miss Sarah Cook, daughter of Mr. C. W. Cook, of Montreal, S. million?.ire Canadian business man. Lord Haddington now receives, uiir der the will of his grandmother, a fortune of about £1,000,000, as residunrv Jegitfpe, Thus by these two giant bequests to the Earl and his mother, the accumulations of the fortune of the emigrant Dane have new passed, almost intact, to the Haddington family, a family whose history goes back nearly 500 years. Mrs. Salting stated in her will that she had omitted her daughter, Lady Binning, from her will because additional superfluous wealth would have been enly adding responsibility to her. Other Legacies. Other bequests of the late millionaires include:— £150,000 to each of her grandchildren, Lady Helen and the Hon. Charles Baillie-Hamilton. £6000 each to her solicitor and bank manager. £10,000 in charity, and numerous smaller bequests to friends and relations. "She gave away enormous sums of money," said a lady who knew Mrs. Salting intimately, "especially during the war." She made over Hatch End, Ascot, one of her two country houses, to the Air Force in order that the soldiers might have comfortable rest quarters. She lias bequeathed two cases of Battersea and Chelsea enamels to the nation. Kathleen Pearson, Mrs. Salting's maid, receives £1200, her amethysts in plain gold setting, and her fitted dressing bag. Her butler, Albert Hawkins, receives £1000, and other sen-ants are also "remembered." The death duties on the estate will amount to £670,000. Only four other women have left bigger fortunes than that of Mrs. Salting. 