Late Cardinal Logue :: Special Memoir and Appreciation His Emlnenoe Cardinal Log us died, somewhat suddenly, on Wednesday morning, Nov. 18th, parsing peaoefulty away at 8 o'clock. He was In his 85th year, but, though burdened with the weight of years, he had carried out his customary duties to the last, and cele brated Mass as usual on Tuesday morning In Armagh Cathedral. Donegal to this day bears the mark of centuries of oppression. In the wild northern country there arc districts of mountain, moor, and lake where those who live there eke out a hare existence by a perpetual and oft-times unavail ing struggle with nature. Their little patches of farm land have been re claimed from quaking br.cr and stony mountain side by the ceaseless labour of men. women, and children. Some little additions to their narrow means of livelihood have been won from the sea by those who dwell nearest to it. These dwellers are the "mere Irish" or "movintain men," the remnant of the Catholics who were driven from their homes on the fertile plains be low. when England determined to make Ulster Protestant by settling Scotch and English immigrants on the more fertile low-lying lands. The Irish who escaped the slaughter which preceded these operations fled to the mountains and bogs, and there withstood every form of persecution for the Faith which they valued more than life itself. When Nature proved unkind and recur ring lamines took their toll of lives, they preferred death by slow starva tion to the food which was offered them by th® "Soupers" provided they would only come to Protestant church or school. YOUTH. It was from this sturdy race that; Michael Lopue. the late Cardinal Arch-| bishop of Armagh, Primate of All Ire-, land. came. He was born in the parish | of Carry-rarf. near Letterkenny, in the. Diocese cj'i Raphoe, on October 1, 1840. In his e<-ly days it was bis one arnbi-- tion me a priest. In i857 he en- ter- ' V' Patrick's Gnllcg". Mayn.mh. the Alma Mater of a 1-ng line of the, nmst eminent among the of Ire- land For seven years he s'ud.e.l there, and was dit inpuished foe .he talent whieh he displayed in his theological studies, and also for the <-inst. applica tion and diligence which h" devoted to, everything which he undertook. There, was nothing showy about him. lie eon-; cealed rather than displayed the excep-! tional powers which he possessed He was noted, too, for his kindliness, shown in the help which he was always willing to give to those of his fellow- students who were less proficient in their studies than himself. At May- nooth he won one of the coveted Dun- boyne scholarships, which entitle the holders to continue their theological studies on special lines for two years after their ordination. PARIS AND AFTER. In 1865 he entered upon his studies at Dunboyne. but his reputation at Mavnooth had preceded him, and after a little more than a year he was ap pointed to a professorship. The Irish Bishops were the governing body of the famous Irish College in Paris, where in the cruel days of persecution so many young Irishmen received that education for the priesthood which they were forbidden under pain of death to pursue in their native land. At the annual meeting of the Bishops at Maynooth in 1866 they appointed Father Logue to the chair of Dogmatic Theology at Paris. For eight years he occupied it, and his repute as a theo logian grew. Father Logue was at- | taehed to the Diocese of Raphoe, and ! the Most Rev. D. McDevitt, his Bishop, j arranged for his recall from Paris in > 1874. He was appointed parish priest of Glenswilly, a district not far from his native place. It is a coincidence that his predecessor in the See of Ar magh and the Primacy was also for some years parish priest of Glenswilly. To this poor parish came Father Logue, whose life had so far been spent with books or in the professor's chair. His flock's needs were not mere ly spiritual but often temporal. It was here that he learned the grim realities that underlay the lives of the hard working, patient. poverty-stricken flock committed to his charge. In 1876. however, he was recalled from pastoral cares to the professor's chair once more. MAYNOOTH. At Maynooth the study of the nld Gaelic language has been kept up. Thej knowledge of it was needed, as many of | (he pr'ests who were destined for the West of Ii eland required it in order to, minister to their flocks. In Donegal j the people largely snnke their native | tongue, and Father Loirue. \vhi> learned I it as a boy in actual conversation, had during his Mavnooth course made a very scientific study of it. Tie both spoke and wofp i. In <876 the pr"".'- . i..'>rship of Irish at Maynooth fell va cant. and the Bishops appointed Father Lopue to the post, at the -mm time making him Dean of the Colletre. At the end of two years he left the chair of Irish Language for that of Dogmatic Theology, the same subject which he taught with such success in Paris. He was not, however, destined ; to occupy the chair for long. In the t spring of 1879 Dr. McDevitt. the Bis- j hop of Raphoe. died, ard Father | Michael Logue was returned as "dig- jnissiinus" when the clergy of Donegal met to elect his successor. The Holy See confirmed the choice, and on July 20, 1879. in the nld Cathedra! of Letterkenny. he was consecrated Bis hop by the Primate, Dr. M'Gettigan. BISHOP OF RAPHOE. For eight years he was Bishop of Raphoe. They were years of hard work, and he took little part in public affairs outside his dioeese. He visited i repeatedly every part of his diocese, j labouring to improve the material con ditions of his flock. Every attempt, to develop local industries had hisj hearty co-operation. In one of the | periodical famines which visited Done- j gal he collected close >n £30.000 for the relief of the starving victims. Po- litical matters were much to the fore, I but the Bishop made no formal pro-| nouncements upon them. Everyone knew, however, that the national cause j had a staunch friend in the Bishop i none stauncher. Soon after his ap- j pointment he determined to replace the! humble edifice which did -t- ire for a cathedral by a stately church more fitting St. Columha< land. Donegal i< St. Columba's country, and St. Columba is one of Ireland's national glories. Dr. I.ogue's appeal to Done- ( gal men the world over and to Irish-, men in general was generously res- : ponded to and the sticcess of his design J was assured. Ere he could inaugu- 1 rate it he was called to a higher posi-j tion in the Irish Episcopate. The; venerable Primate, Dr. M'Gettigan, wa« in 1887 in failing health, and asked; the Holy Father for a coadjutor. On April 19 in that year Dr. Logue was! transferred to Armagh as coadjutor. with the right of succession to thej Primacy. CARDINAL AND PRIMATE. On December 3rd the aged Primate died, and Dr. Logue became Primate of All Ireland. In Armagh, as at Raphoe. 1 he worked unobtrusively. Whenever | there was need, however, for a lead in national or h'Cal matters he never! hesitated to voice the sentiments of Catholic Ireland. little .lul he court i publicity that hi- elevation M the Cardinulate in 1 893 name as a -iivori-e to many pen!-. The solid me.-o- of the crent Arrhbishon of the North were known in Rome, and Pope T.eo XT1I. desiring to show a special mark of favour to the faithful Irish people, selected the successor of Pt. Patrick for a dignity never before attained in the line nf the 108 Primates who pre ceded him. St. Patrick was the fir-t Bishop of Armagh, and it is worth no tice that, while the See of Dublin had during centuries qf Danish or Anglo- Norman prelates, those of Armagh have always been a thoroughly Irish lui?. One, the Venerable Oliver Plun- ket, martyred at Tyburn, was '.ne la>i Catholic to suffer death for conscience sake under English law. ARMAGH CATHEDRAL. The Cardinal's memorial at Armagh is the Cathedral. When he came there he found that, though started uearly fifty years before, it was unfinished. He determined to complete the work. Money was scarce. Population was dwindling, and so some doubted even the necessity for building a great ca thedral. With passionate fervour he took up the work, determined that the glories of the ancient Irish Church should be revived once more in the Cathedral of the Primatial See of Ar magh. To-day it stands a monument not alone of the Cardinal, but of de voted poverty. To God alone is known how many thousands of workers gave their mites to build it. It is the gift of a race, out of money won by hard toil not only in Ireland but in the furthest ends of the world. Where, less than two hundred years ago, Mass was heard by stealth on the hillsides St. Patrick's Cathedral witnesses to the failure of persecution. It was a proud moment for the Cardinal when, in 1904, the Ca thedral was consecrated by Cardinal Vannutelli. the Papal Legate. Will Ar magh in happier days become once again a university for Western Europe. ANCIENT GLORIES. "So great." :-ays Archbishop Healy, "was the number of students flocking to Armagh in the sixth and seventh centuries that the city ceni" to be di vided. for peace sake, we pre:;nie. .r.to three wards or third-, named respec tively the Trian Mir. the Trian M.i-sin. -.nd the Tnan 8axon. the iat tak.i,- rs name from the ,-rowd of s»ud-nts f . m Saxon-land who took up their ah-..; . therein, where, according to the t.-s».- m o : y of the Yenerab.e Bede. they w.-re supplied gratuitously with hooks, education, and sustenance." To Cardi nal Logue these traditions were an in spiration during his long career. Born but thirty-nine years after the pas.-:: a of the Act of Union. h-> lived to ee ;t abrogated. The peasant boy from Don egal became a Prince of the Church. At his death he was the 'doyen' of the Cardinal Priests. He attended three Conclaves. He was a notable figure at the Eucharistic Congresses in London and Montreal, ond in 1908 was received with extraorcinary honour in New York, when he attended the centenary celebration of the New York Diocese. Throughout his many years he pre served his early love for the open life of the country, and an astonishing vigour of body. The story is that up to the last he enjoyed his morning plunge in Carlingford Lough, on the shores -f which he had a summer residence. He was an expert yachtsman too. OF THE PEOPLE AND FOR THE PEOPLE. He loved his people. To them tie preached charitv. and practised it. He inculcated temperance and encouraged education, knowing that thev w uld prove a twn_edged sword in IrDh hands to i'u ' a way through the difficulties which beset his native land. cieties he abominated, knowing what a curse thev are and always ha\\. he-? In polities he never interfered -iv ' when some moral oue'irm or vi'a: na tional rau-e was at stake, and th— he spoke out wifh a clearness H- d d -wr.- rightness that showed h:« «tr.-ng:h of character. Some time must elapse h»- fo'-e we Shall be able to estimate justly (Continued on page 37. > CARDINAL LOGUE'S SUCCESSOR as Arcb£ahop of Armagh and Primal® of All Ireland will be the Moat Rev. Dr. PATRICK O'DONNELL, the late Oardi- nal's Coadjutor. < CARDINAL LOGUE lylng-in-state at Armagh — vested in mitre and cope and with crucifix in the folded hands. LATE CARDINAL. LOGUE. (Continued from page 11.) the whole of the part he played in Ire land's national life. When it is known it will be found that Cardinal Logue was an even greater Churchman than the world thought him to be. His death on the 17th November, 1924, is mourn ed as a national loss. A great Church man, a great Irishman, has passed to his reward. — RAP. AN APPRECIATION. "Michael Cardinal Logue, Archbish op of Armagh and Primate of All Ire land, is a fine title," once wrote a med- ern publicist. It truly rolls of the tongue with a sonorous Irish flavour, but ever sounded like a paradox to those able to visualise the undistin guished-looking man who bore it. Plain, without ascetism, might be the hasty judgment of the casual observer of the irregular features, but those who know how much the absolute fear lessness of the set mouth was redeem ed by the eyes — deep set wells of kind ness — will understand bow really the loss of the shy, shrewd saint is mourned to-day, not only all over Ire land, but throughout the wide world of Irish exile. Nor is sorrow at hie passing confined to the Irish race. His hard and crystal- clear common sense had become in re cent years a proverb in the public opinion of two hemispheres, while his passionate interest in the progress of the Faith amongst us, and the defence and protection of our schools must ever endear his memory to the Cath olics of Great Britain. The shyness which never left him from youth to age made publicity dis tasteful to him, yet who amongst us will forget how promptly it was swept out of sight when a trumpet-call was necessary for the nation? The pastor als of his long episcopate, rich with the homely rhetoric and ringing sin cerity of Doyle, MacHale and Butler, are bracing literature, while the youth of the playing fields where he was a "playboy" ever, was not readier for a game than the venerable prelate was for a tussle with an adversary in re cent years. UNDEVIATING COURAGE was the fine contrast to his love for a quiet life; let there be but a whisper o f disobedience to the voice of the Church and his hand was stretched out for a weapon, while those who doubted the depth of his patriotism confessed themselves confuted by his lead of the Irish Hierarchy against the application of Conscription to Ireland in 1918. Comparatively few people were aware of his solid learning; fewer, that he filled the chairs of Theology and Belles Lettres in the Irish College, Paris, before his ordination; but bis intense sense of humour was a gift which could noi be concealed. The smile which lurked at the corner of the stern mouth as he quietly stroked a dark eyebrow was no evanescent sym bol; the raciness of a bright soul even stole into his pastorals and he gave it play, well knowing it would wing home the word he wanted into the hearts of the people, who, in his own words, he loved as he loved his life. Love of study and the great ecclesi astical cares never quenched in him the love of nature and outdoor life. IN HIS LEISURE HE EVER SOUGHT THE SEA. and on his Carlingford Lough, where he took his daily dip up to four sum mers ago, his small yacht was for years a familiar sight from the Mourne mountains. The scholar on whom Oxford con ferred the honorary degree of DXitt, was not often happier than when, on visitation in some mountain village, he could speak with homely power to ! those who truly loved him; but his Cel- 1 tic idiom was not more assured than1 the aplomb' which marked bis pre sence at the court of Queen Victoria. His desire for the return of England to the Faith was of the passionate order. His frequent presence at func tions in London and provincial cities testified to this. His addresses on these occasions are remembered not less for their flashing wit than for their pro found dignity. Of peasant stock, born at Carrygart, in the mountain solitudes of Ulster, he was nevertheless THE CHILD OF AMBITION. His parents prayed that he should be a priest, and when he began to serve Mass in the village chapel pious eyes watched eagerly for the dawning of the vocation as he moved round the altar. How fully /those prayers have been answered! From the chair of Theology in Paris he returned to his native land to assume the mitre of Rsphoe, and in time to ascend to the throne of Ar magh, where he reigned as the first Cardinal in the long line of 108 Pri mates dating from St. Patrick. One striking episode after another marked the course of s long life. As a young Bishop he raised £30,000 for famine- stricken Donegal; as Archbishop of Armagh he completed a gaunt and half-finished Cathedral, and saw it consecrated in the presence of a Papal Legate. .But his achievements will not be remembered more vividly and grate fully than the note of hope which ever rang through his words in his coun try's darkest hours. They came as an inspiration to a scattered race, and must ever keep his memory bright and abiding. 