Bp? In tlie World of Books MSg: :. IKOIAL TO THE "OATHOUO ADVOCATE" RY «T. B. — 1 | Ofl B "EROLARD ' gmi-'-v 'He appearance of the first volume | Hilatre Belloc's "History of Eng- (Methuen and Co., Ltd., London) , |Mg?Vj;.hAn been bailed on all sides as an 5B&< \- ,%vent of the utmost importance in the gsE&f;' sorld of modern literature and his- apfcr- , . Dorical enquiry. Belloc is already well fenow-n as an able historian. He is at -his best when be has a thesis to ex- ' qpund and defend, and in this ''History of England" he has. set out to combine, considerable detail in narrative with the exposition of several theses; as V'4' that religion is the determining force' .of society; that the inhabitants of Eng- ' land were never very greatly changed V| 7 -in stock by any invasion; that English khk institutions derive not from any imag- LjLmary barbaric German ancestry but Btfrom known and recorded Roman ci- JjQfiliz&tion.; In almost . every case he counter to the accepted traditions of English history. The influence of <j Roman institutions on the course of ' European history has been generally recognised: never has it been treated \- . ' so luminously as in our author's "Europe and the Faith." In the case of England, however, it has long been the fashion to discount the effects of the Roman occupation. Most historical manuals give the impression that the English invasions completely wiped out the bid Roman-British civilization. More important still is Mr. Belloc's insistence on the importance of reli gion as a determining factor in the course of English history. Karl Marx .set tbe example of interpreting history from the purely materialistic and economic point of view, - and he has been slavishly followed by most modern historians. The result has been that the "dreary science" of eoonomics has cast its blight on the records of his tory and made them dull, flat and un profitable. Mr. Belloc's first volume covers the ground from B.C. 55 to A.D. 1056; in the second volnme he is to describe the Catholic N England of the Middle Ages as continental in culture and / ' French in tbe language of the govern ing classes until tl|e Black Death, "from which may be fixed— and not earlier — the English language." He will record in the -third volume the Re formation "as a process beginning with Anne Boleyn's refusal of her per son to the King, and certainly not end- . ing until the Dutch invasion of 1688, only after which date was the large i? remnant of Catholicism in England Anally stamped out." In the fourth volume he will deal with "the fortunes of aristocracy in England until the par tial decline of that principle in the nineteenth century as a consequence of the very commercial and political ' greatness which aristocracy had estab lished for England." His story con- , oludes with the nineteenth century. The first volume opens with the statement that the stock of the inhabi tants of England has been much the some throughout all recorded time. . There has been some influx of new strains, but ail were easily absorbed; Gallic chieftains and their followers; Romans, German slaves, colonists and soldiers brought over by the Roman armies;, pirates settling on the roasts or along inland rivers; immigrants ffom Denmark, Norway and Lower JC "fjtermany: th« more minvr- -w French $ Kf the Middie .Wns. The in' itnfirvis "jf the poonle — 'hoi" monarch5" and councils, their lew. their i-mlement > and manner of hnild:n"- . eiV writing, ' all derive from tbe Roman Empire, ' h into which they began to be drawn from the beginning of their known history. Rome, in fact, ruled the island for 360 years, giving it in that long period all !he seeds of that culture which it has since retained and de veloped. After AJD. 600 Catholic missionaries from France and Italy began to found schools gmong the Teutonic speaking settlements in the East and South. The isolated Christians of the West held aloof, and thus it was that the new Roman civilization spread through the influence of the Anglo-Saxon courts. .The most striking part of this study ife the period from 410 to 597. During this time, England was cut off from civilization for nearly 200 years, and Mr. Belloc terms it the "Gap." In 410 there were still skeleton Roman gar risons left, but they received no further reinforcements and were gradually merged with the people around them. Raids of Irish and other pirates shook and finally dissolved the old-established Roman civilization; local dialects be came the speech ard official Latin died out. The interlude of Danish rule is treated fully and then Mr. Belloc reaches the period of Edward the Con fessor, which ended with the Norman invasion. William, Duke of _Normandy. tbe greatest leader of Christian culture and order in that period, the true type of Europe, made good bis claim by the battle of Hastings and was crowned king. Henceforth, England is one realm framed in a unifying dynasty that endures, and is possessed of a strong, coherent administration that binds the Commonwealth together. This new "History" reveals Hilaire Belloc's genius in its maturity, com bining ripeness of knowledge, sound ness of judgment and a vividness of style that enables us to visualise the splendid pictures of the great actors in . the drama of English history. A FAMMIf HVRMER AMD WAR The following "extract from the Honolulu "Star-Bulletin" for June 40th will interest readers of the "Catholic Advocate," who are already well ac quainted with Captain McCullagh : — Coming to Hawaii to join the fleet for the trip to Australia, Capt. Francis McCullagh, famous war correspondent, who was requested to leave Russia in i923 because of certain articles he had written for the "New York Herald," arrived from Canada on the motorship Aorangi on Tuesday afternoon. Captain McCullagh, who is connected with the "Chicago Tribune," will join the fleet at Honolulu and will make the trip to Australia. He will write a series of articles for the "Tribune" and other mainland newspapers. Fan! sstlo Parser. Captain McCullagh, who is a knight commander of the Royal Order of St. Sava, was born in Omagh, Co. Tyrone, Ireland. He was educated in the Chris tian Brothers' schools and began his journalistic career in Glasgow. Since that time he has had a varied career. He was representative of the "New York Herald" throughout the Russo-Japanese war. During this war he fell into the hands of the Japanese and was sent to Japan as a prisoner of war. Frlaonsr of Bulflar. He was taken prisoner by the Bul gers during the Balkan war, being at- tached at that time to the Turkish army. He was decorated by King Pe ter of Servia. He served as a war cor respondent during i,be last war. For a while he served in the . intelligence corps of the British forces. He was captured by the Bolsheviks and brought to Moscow, where he was imprisoned. He was released in 1920. He has written several books, in cluding "With the Cossacks," "The Fall of Abd-uI-Hamid," "Italy's War for a Desert," and "A Prisoner with the Reds." "THE LURE OF THE WEST." "The Lure of the West" is a story which grips the reader from the begin ning and holds him to the end. It is brimful of thrilling incidents told in breezy fashion. It brings the reader back amongst the Franciscan Friars labouring amongst the Mexicans and Indians in Arizona and although not exactly a Catholic story there is a Catholic setting and a Catholic atmos phere permeating the whole piece. Our copy is from Wm. P. Linehan and the price 9/6. 