[?] THE NEW CHIEF JUSTICE OF QUEENSLAND. The Queensland Government lost xno time in filling the vacancy caused by the death of Chief Justice McCawley. Mr. Jus tice Blair has been appointed Chief Jus tice, and Mr. W. F. Webb (SolicitorGene ral) has been made President of the Arbi tration Court. The Hon. James William Blair is a native of Ipswich, and is 54 years of age. He was called to the Bar in 1894, and was M.L.A. for Ipswich from 1002 till 1915. He was Attorney-General in the Morgan and Kidston Ministries (1903 f), and Minister for Public Instruction in the Denham Cabinet (1912-15). During this later period he introduced amend ments in the Education Act which were of great assistance to Catholic students, es pecially to teachers under University train ing. Mr. Justice Blair earned the reputa tion of being a sound lawyer and a broad minded public man. On Irish matters he ?was on the side of liberty. When it was decided to pay a national tribute to the lote T. J. Kyan, it was Mr. Blair, though not a political party colleague, who was chosen to deliver the opening oration. Mr. \- Blair declined a Supreme Court Judgeship 16 or 17 years ago, but accepted a seat on . the Bench in 1922. * # ? ? His Lordship the Vicar-Apostolic of Kimberley (Eight Rev. Dr. Coppo) arrived in Sydney from Melbourno on Tuesday, en route to Queensland. Dr. Coppo is for .'i few days a guest of his Grace the Arch bishop of Sydney at St. Mary's Cathedral presbytery. He informed a representative of tho 'Catholic Press' that the Aposto . lie Delegate had advised him to make a visitation to the Italians in the Northern State. His Lordship stated that he would in tho first instance be a guest of his Grace the Archbishop of Brisbane, and would conduct a mission for the Italians of that city. Thence he will go to Eock hampton and Cooktown. On his return journey he will give a mission for the Ita lian residents of Sydney. Eev. Father Edmund Bond, of St. Mary's Cathedral, has received a letter from Eev. Father F. Lloyd, of Moree, whose many friends will be pleased to hear that the sea voyage which he under took abroad has been greatly beneficial to his health. Father Lloyd travelled by the Italian steamer Re d 'Italia, and speaks enthusiastically of the considerate treat ment he received from the entire crew. He mentions the convenience afforded on board by the company for the celebration of Mass, everything necessary being pro vided. ? ? * « Another member of the community of Sisters of Mercy, Goulburn, has just se cured her Degree of Bachelor of Arts at the Melbourne University. Her record is: 1st Year: Latin I., English I., British his tory I.; 2nd Year; Latin II., English II., Psychology, Logic and Ethics; 3rd Year: Latin III., English III., Ancient History I., Chemistry I. For science only was at tendance at the University compulsory. There is no doubt that the Fuller. Go vernment would smite the City Council if it had the pluck. But the Lord Mayor is a candidate for Goulburn, and it is afraid of a reaction against what all mu nicipal councillors would consider high handed tyranny. '''?H;A'' ntfw^&iHtery; \--practice called 'MisoiaBe-.' : i&utfatff; tha 'King'ei .colour?1! ?I dsabecpmuig n * f ashidn&ble; ' lu. ??'?. the 'Commonwealth. '?= It ? is. ? invariably, performed by. a dignitary . .q£ the . Anglican body; Clergymen of other Pro teBtant denominations have protested ? against it, on the ground that it is a Bubtle attempt 'to insinuate that, there is a State roligion in Australia. They are. quite jus tified in their objection; ; and there is an other f eaBon why this silly practice should be dropped. To consecrate .an object is to. make it sacred; to devote it to the service., -of God; to. withdraw it from common use. A- church is; consecrated, and so 'fore certain vessels used in the Church. Laxity of terms is quite characteristic of the class . of people who profess to consecrate a military ensign, but to reasonable people ' it is an absurdity. The Defence Depart- . ment should put a stop to it. ? # « ? In the recent honours list published by the University, it is announced that Dr. J. . P. Hardie obtained third place in the Final . Degree examination of the Faculty of. Medicine. The winner of this high scho lastic distinction is one of the five young doctors from St. Joseph's College, Hun tor's Hill, who completed their course in medicine. Tfie others are Drs. Kevin Tar linton, B. Cook, E. J. Egan and E. le Cappelaine- Taylor, who are now licensed ?Wilfully, and . with malice aforethought, to kill, slay, or maim ' — the germs which menace mankind. MR. EDWARD L. LAMONT. One of the selected Labour candidates for Eydo electorate is Mr. Edward L. Lamoiit. A vigorous advocate of 'Aus- tralia First,' and in his early thirties, he has taken a prominent interest in Labour affairs for many years, being for a term president of Eyde A.L.P., and. many times delegate to State Council and Annual Con ference. Ryde shows signs of a swing over to Labour on account cf some of the reactionary politicians who now represent it, and a' second Labour member is. a strong probability. He lived for many years in Burwood, where be took an active part in athletics* besides being a regular member of the choir of St. Mary-'s, Con cord. He now assists in tlm choir :it St. Charles', Eyde. His sincerity, openmind edness and' keen Australian sentiments have achieved for him a popularity which shows promise of being reflected in the early preferences next election. ♦ ? ? ? A Baptist parson named Whittle has been telling the peoplo of Tamworth that the admittance of Italians into the Com monwealth is objectionable because 'it was general knowledge that the standard of morals in Southern Europe is lower than that accepted in Australia.' He added that 'certain districts of Northern Queensland were becoming hot beds of low morals, owing mainly to the introduction of these immigrants.'' It is by no means a matter of general knowledge that such is the caso. The Eev. Whittle might have learned by recent cablegrams that Italy does not recognise 'tandem polygamy' '(divorce) as Australia does. The birth-rate of Italy is 3 per cent, higher than that of Australia, though Australia has a living wage, which Italy has not. It is freely con ceded in America and in Australia that the Italian is a hard, honest, steady worker, and that thrift is one of his gen eral attributes. No doubt ho has his draw backs, like everybody else, and is quick in anger; but who in Australia can throw a stone at him for that? The daily papers teem with reports of murders, thefts, bur glaries, outrages, and so forth, and there is no evidence that Southern Europeans nre conspicuous in these crimes. If special statistics are made out of the vf-tues and vices of recent immigrants, the Eev. Whit tle might not be pleased .with the re velation. ? f TheriGabinet h,&# stolen; putting-, .jthe/.com- -,i : fnas aridKapQafcrophofy ; the, prorniBes^ami the : ?denunciations 'into the: .: speech-1 whicfi .'\ Sir; George Fuller ik- to; stand and deliver at Mobs Vale on Monday night. The: 'Daily; Telegraph' says that -Mr, -Lang, is 'lying ii- wait'; for the Premier, but it will be hard for. him tos parry . the thrust given by the Premier 's promise. ' ' The public is hOp ir.g that they will both cut their speeches Bhort, and drop the- forecasted 'newspaper battledore and shuttlecock afterwards. For: Liko the brdok to .the riv.er, lh-ey?d igo on for- ever, ? though- nobody worries a. hapf .;....'.?? .'..''. For tho. onily tilings duller' tfia'n Lartg* upon Fuller, ' Are the'-tirndes of Fuller on Larigv' ' Mr. J. S.';Marks-' after five or six years, in 'tlve State. .Public Service; at a ftigh salary, is retiring on a four, figure pension. Kis' appqiritnjeht wsts one of1 the fruits of extfavagaht' Holmanism. ^he reform of the Public Service was the 'pretext, but, although a. claim is put up ttiat the service ... has been reformed, and 'many; thousands . of pounds paved, . a layman would 'need a microscope and a ; fair dose of- optimism to perceive it. . ? . .'' ? .* . . ** ' . . ? /'. . ? . A few weeks, ago the Sisters of the Good Samaritan, Queanbeyan, were noti fied by thel Education Department that one of their pupils, Earle Tankey, had secured a State Bursary. This clever young pupil is now pursuing his studies at St. Patrick's^ College, Goulburn. MR. J. M. TULLY. Jack Tully (president of St. Patrick's College, Goulburn, Old Boys' Union, Syd ney branch), is the selected and endorsed Labour candidate for Goulburn at the next election. He has held every of fice in the Old Boys' Union since its in ception. He is a native of the Gunning district, where his father and grandfather were on the land for GO years. He has had 18 years' experience in the ad ministration of the Lands Acts, being em ployed in the professional division of the public .service. Consequently his experi ence and knowledge of laud matters must be a recommendation in contesting a coun try seat, apart altogether from the large personal vote he will command. In the Labour movement for several years he has held the position of president of his league, delegate to electoral councils, and annual A.L.P. Conferences. He has always taken an active part; in sport, particularly football, athletics, boxing and tonnis, was captain, and played five years for Western Suburbs First Grade Club, besides win ning many amateur and professional han dicaps on the running track, including St. Patrick's College Old Boys' Cup three years in succession from scratch. He is an ardent and virile Australian, of progres sive and sound ideas, and can be depend ed upon to uphold the principles of Ca tholicism. According to a special cablegram, specially displayed, a Canadian wheat seller, named Smith, has startled Canada with the sensational discovery that the old theory of supply and demand has nothing ,to do with the prices quoted in the Chicago wheat pit? The real sensa tion that startled Canada was to find that there was still one wheatseller who had re tained his pristine innocence until 1925. His name, Smith, is worthy of commemora tion. t During the week the New South Wales Police Association has been holding a con ference. The police are game to the heels. They have been giving the public a list of their multifarious duties, which is calculated to give the ordinary 44hoursa week workers a headache. And on top of it all quite a number of superhuman police, men want permission to take part in poli tics. ?.1.T;'..-l.'-{i'.l.V.:V-?;-i2{-:jt -;' ri-.1: b'-rT- .?».-; V. '? .:..?..?..- '^.^^p,^.s«*3.'^;;r:?-il?9^9S?Pll*!{13?:?: .-.^ _*;,??..! :8omm7hwre:.;bn GslUpoU'oJblood'red. ooUs^-1 ?; Supermen- aro .sleeping . \bovo- the mirror' d bay; Free from b warring world and all its tolls, Freedom so ddarly bought on tfcat eventful day. Such Sorolc bravery turnod tho fate of all, ? When Asian hordes were blazing earth and sky; They heard and. answered Britain's lusty' call. So fought and foil where comrades dared to die. Somewhere in Franco, released from war's red toil. Heroes are resting beneath the popples' flame; Each .with numbered cross' above a shattered soil, None better than his neighbour in pomp or '?'?? ..'fiame;- ?.'.? ''.''?'?[ '' ???'?-? ' .Their ? leroic -bravory :' turriod the. f,ate.^of .all, When alien hordes, were sweeping sea and sky : They heard and answered Belgium's strangled ' . -.??MsallJ .-.- .:.-?. ?....-.;!.: :L'-- .:':- - - ??? ?;- ? So fought- and fell whore, the bravest only d|e. Somewhere' 'beneath the ocean's surging* roll, Comrades in blue are watching there below; Numbered -nqw.alaa. in war,* a red toll — . They've, gone where the ocean's ^currents' flow. While' cannon spit and belch ' their fiery '. flame, While graves of comrades lie beneath the sky, While ? history through ages speaks their fame, Mem'ries of those heroic deeds will never die. 6\. J. WILLIAMSON, Ponshurst, 'Anzac Day,' 1925. a ' ? ?' ? ' ?? ? T The Very Eev. Father P. O'Dounell, of Gore, and the Eev. Father P. J. O'Neill, of South Duncdin, are at present in Syd ney, on their return voyage to New Zea land. They have had a pleasant 12 months' holiday abroad, despite the fact that they experienced unusually wet weather conditions. They were met on the arrival of the Orama by a number of friends, in cluding Father O'Donnell's brother, the Very Eev. Father E. P. O'Donnell, P.P., V.F., of Dubbo. . ? o ? o Mr. Bavin says that the Government 'hopes to make further reductions in rail way fares.' These little titbits to make everybody happy are pleasant features of the pre-election season. Why can't we have elections oftener, if only to drive dull care away? ? ? ? ? It is characteristic of the State Govern ment that when it substituted Anzac Day for Prince of Wales Birthday in the list c* public holidays it forgot all about tho industrial awards. It seems to be nobody 's business to notice trifles like that. The second ballot for the German Presi dency will take place on Sunday next, -Cth inst. The conditions will be different from those of the first ballot, which was held on March 29, and proved futile. The first ballot requires an absolute majority of the votes cast. The highest on the poll wins the second ballot. Fresh nominations have been made, and old Hindenburg will carry the Conservative flag. It is believed that the decision will be between him and Dr. Marx, the Catholic Centre Party can didate. ? ? ? ? Mr. G. Elliott Napier is publishing in the 'Sydney Morning Herald' a pleasant ac count of his tour in Southern Ireland. A keen and well-read observer, Mr. Napier handles delicate points cleverly. The most humorous item in his latest article appears in his note on Cashol. 'Not only is there an Anglican Bishop here,' he says, 'but a Eomau Catholic Archbishop as well.' Whether consciously or not, Mr. Napier makes his comment reminiscent of the late George Augustus Sala's famous article on the Melbourne Cup. After spreading over three columns of the 'Argus' a delightful description of the fashions, personalities, and scenery at Flemington. Sala ended up by stating in ono line, 'I understand there was also some racing in the vicinity.' ? ? ? ? We understand that the Cabinet is con sidering the advisability of providing Min isters with a gold button .marked 'states- man.' The object of this'proposal is to prevent accidents to persons who do not look tho_ part. It is stated that Mr. Far ror, Minister for Labour, had an argument with a law student as to who should leave an overcrowded lift at University Cham bers. As the law student was a heftylook ing fellow, the lift attendant ejected Mr. Farrar. His defence was 'didn't know thfi bloke.' And little Ernie might have had a title, too, but for Sir George Cairn's resolution in Parliament. ? ? ? ? We are losing count of the Australian globe-trotters who step off tho steamer at Tilbury, and straightway discover new Jind wonderful markets for Australian pro duce. Mr. Cramsie is the latest subject of the cable booster. Everywhere he went he was welcomed like a visitor from Mars, ^ew markets were flung violently open to the newly- discovered source of ' supplv 1 eople who mixed up Joe Cook with Cap tain Cook tumbled to Cramsie at once. How would it do to string Australians nround the world at a week's distance from each other. Set them all going, sing uig 'Now we go Round the Mulberry Bush whenever they pass a cable office. -It might boost the fruit trade. On March ii,when'an eiectidiTwaa ta|c- ''''' ing place in the Irish Frpe State for nine j constituencies, much amusement waa ,6aua-| 3 ed in North Dublin by an ingenious form ] of propaganda for the Government candv ^ dates. It consisted of a donkey which par- -j aded the constituency 'bearing boards with 'j the inscription, ^'Everybody but me is vot- ' , yig for Leonard and O'Connor.' Amid alt 1 her troubjes, Ireland breaks out into hum- ] our. The results of the elections had not -, been announced when last week's mail ] closed. ' ? - t » » » ? The first beatification during Holy Year j at Borne waB that of Antonio Maria Gianelli, Bishop of Bobbio. The ceremony was im pressively carried, out at St. Peter's, the windows of which were darkened, while 10,000 lights illuminated the Cathedral. , The Venerable Antonio Gianelli presided : over the diocese established in 1014, in the place where St. Columbarfus founded his f amouB monastery four centuries earlier. He established in 1839 a congregation of priests, under the title of Oblates of St. AlphonsuB Liguori. They devote themselves especially to hearing confessions in prisons and hospitals, as well as to spreading good literature among the people. Bobbio also , possesses a Congregation of Daughters of Mary, popularly known as Giarielliane. ? ♦ » « The declaration of the Premier that the Government will take steps to cancel any contracts the City Council may make for the construction of a Power House i« characterised as 'Plain Talk' by the Nationalist press. It is much more than that. It is very foolish talk. The City Council, and all municipal councils, func tion under Acts of Parliament. The Pre mier may, if he has the power, repeal or amend the governing acts; but it is sheer Bolshevism to talk about prohibiting airy action of a properly constituted council within its legal rights. Such a threat is , more indecent when it is used to force the council to purchase its electric power from the Government. Sir George Fuller does not look beyond his nose. He docs not see that he is opening the gate to anarchy. In the ordinary course of politics, other men and other parties will sit on the Govern . ment benches. It is a very dangerous thing to establish precedents which may begin a practice fraught with disaster to constitu tional Government. While a City Council exists, it must not be robbed of its legal powers by a partisan Government. In say JDg this we are not expressing any opinion at out the merits of this case. Even if it is arguable that the City Council scheme was wasteful, the head of a competing business is not the right man to judge it. ? ? ? ? Elections took place on March 11 for the nine seats in Dail Eireann vacated by Joseph McGrath and his 'Nationalist' party. The Ministerialists won seven, and the Republicans two. Owing to the intri cacy of the proportional representation system of voting there was some delay in the counting of the votes and in the offi cial publication of the results. The Repub lican victories were won in the North Dublin and the Sligo-Leitrim constituen cies. In these, as in most of tho other con - teets, the polling was close. Though these by-elections were regarded as of vital im portance, no very great percentage of the electors made use of the opportunity to register their votes. Among the defeated candidates was Mr. J. J. O 'Kelly, our re cent visitor, who stood for Roscommon. Of special moment is the defeat of Sean Mil roy, independent 'Nationalist' candidate, in County Cavan. Mr. Milroy was tho only Nationalist who stood for re-election. With his defeat and tho retirement of the other 'Nationalists,' whose resignations from the- Dail had made the bye-elections neces sary, the 'Nationalists' disappear as a political factor in tho Free State. » ? ? ? Prior to the 1923 election iu England, the Independent Labour Party was a per fect solid. English pooplo believed that if it acquired power it would proceed to its objectivo steadily and relentlessly. Writ ing from Australian experience, we ex pressed the opinion that Labour's greatest troubles would be in its own house. The event proved the truth of the forecast. La bour 'solidarity' is a myth. Labour -'horus.es it, on the principle that the boy in the story whistled as he was passing the cemetery — to show that he was not afraid. Before the Labour movement can succeed, this failure to consolidate its arms must be studied. The party must ascertain whe ther tho disturbing element is personal am bition, wrong organisation, or treachery. Tho same symptoms appear in Britain as in Australia. Ramsay Macdonald is suffer ing the same experience as Labour leaders here. Other heads, notably Mr. Wheat ley, are aspiring to the leadership, just as we have our Willises, Baileys, Cattses, and others. Mr. Frank Hodges, ex-secretary of the Miners' Federation, is calling Mr. Cook, his successor, a 'humble follower of Lenin,' in tones of disdain. The Tories do not quarrel in that way. Perhaps centuries of political experience make them realise that it is fatal to display even the most microscopical rift in the party lute to an opposition press. Or perhaps they really put the party before the individual, which Labour leaders invariably fail to do. These are questions which the Labour movement must face, and it must face them honestly. Not the Willis policy or tho Eailey policy or tho Garden policy will be . the issue, but tho policy which will benefit the whole community, employers as well as employees. In this world there must be bosses', legitimate or illegitimate, and the people, not the agitators, should ehoose them. A cablegram' aboifit 'MrV.Tiii^&isrW;'wW' I tublished in Australia at the beginning of c klarch. It was. baae^ on statements in the . t Brussels newspapers ;that. Mr. De! Valera 1 vas to have gone to Brussels to lecture un- ? 1 ler the auspices of tho Belgian 'Activiot 1 Movement,' but that the Government had i refused to allow him to- enter Belgian ter- e ritory. When interviewed by an 'Irish ? 1 [ndependent' representative, in connection j with this message, Mr. De Valera said he ; knew nothing whatever of any such lecture. - 'I have received no invitation,' he stat ed, 'and do not know what the whole thing is about.' ? 1 » . o ? ? 1 Reports which smack of disloyalty are being circulated regarding the King and : Queen and their cruise in tho Mediter ranean. The Royal Yacht got into difficul ties during a storm on the way to Genoa. Instead of fantastic stories of gallantry by the royal passengers, the cable chron icle, with brutal frankness, that their Majesties deserted the ship. It is not quite clear yet whether the cablemen have con spired to reduce their Majesties to public ridicule, or whether they simply missed an excellent chance for sensational copy.' One thing seems certain; had Prince Ted die been on board, the stories would have been far more picturesque. It has been de cided to scrap the Royal Yacht, as a re sult of its rude behaviour. What a splendid chance for Mr. Bruce! Ho might offer their Majesites the use of one of tho 'bar- nacle' boats. ? ? » » Hiliaire Belloc, Ln an article iu the 'Irish Independent,' entitled 'The Basis of Marriages,' deals in a most engaging manner with a subject of prime import ance and immediate interest. His aim, in his article, is to establish the absolute per manence of marriage. His three main points, which he ably elaborates, are as follow: Firstly, that human beings are in a normal condition when the bond between a man and a woman is permanent. Sec ondly, the liberty of the individual is not only rightly, but necessarily, limited by his organic connection with society; and, thirdly, the consideration of relation, up wards, towards ancestry. ? ? ? ? Cross-word puzzles have been suggested, in non-Catholic quarters, as possible agen cies for augmenting church attendances and church collections. For years cross word puzzles have been quite the order in many non-Catholic churches, where the few constant attenders have been puzzled as to why the parson should pick on them for the backsliding of their fellowreli gionists. The latest idea is something en tirely different. It is the introduction of cross-word windows, which might save the cost of installing proposed 'wireless' and cinematograph plants. ? ? ? ? 'Granny' Herald offers a. tonic for 'nervous folk,' who are apt to be upset through fear of the effect of the U.S.A. fleet cruise upon Japanese public opinion. After analysing possible causes of a Paci fic upheaval, the 'Herald' assures the nervy that Japan can hardly be regarded aa a potential disturber of the Pacific's tranquility. She explains that Japanese unwillingness to go abroad (a statement that in itself will be news to Californians particularly), is due to Japaneso ancestor worship. With the 'Herald' on ancestor worship, surely no one will presume to' argue. ? ? ? ? It is very gratifying to read in a recent issue of the 'Irish Statesman,' a word of praise for Australian and New Zealand butter. 'This butter shows wonderful value,' according to tho commentary, 'against the more expensive Danish pro duct, and is worthy of increased atten tion on the part of buyers.' At the time it was estimated that there were 530,000 boxes of Australian and 600,000 boxes of New Zealand butter afloat. That tho Australian butter should compare so fr.vourably in value to the Continental product is only advantageous from the Irishman 's or the Englishman 's view point. It is good that our customers abroad should realise that they get good value from Australia for their money; but from the Australian producers' point of view there seems to be a fly in the ointment. Why should Danish butter, which appar ently has no great advantage in quality, be more expensive? And, above all, why should it be irecessary, with our plethora of Agents-General and glorified general agents in London, to get the tip from an independent. source? ? ? ? ? 'The policeman's lot is not a happy one.' This catchy line from the popular operatic song of a few years ago was reit erated in more forceful, if not more elo quent, language at the Police Conference on Monday. It cannot be lack of variety that has brought tho New South Welsh policeman 'a life down to the hum-drum and uninteresting. With city duty most art familiar, but it is in the country that the long arm of the law is kept busy with the execution of a miscellaneous pro gramme. Apart altogether from the very ordinary duties of preserving the peace, lie at different times appears as electoral roll collector (when it suits the Govern ment to give a little attention to the State rolh)), as inspector of slaughter houses, licensing inspector, agent for the Taxation Department, and Inspector of Weights and Measures. He must not only keep records and issue licenses under the Motor Traffic Act; but ho must also test tho driving ability of new applicants for invSirtf*' licenVesv He ''rav&i; :vina-fee' ' ' 'many'*' ielicate. and personal inquiries in regard ;o the 'poor of the district. He must -'[%e t ready and willing ? to help, officially aiijlr .in officially, every section ' of the commu nity in practically every welfare or char itable movement. He must be ..a walking incyclopaedia, a genial 'bloke,' and a dip omat, a reformer, a good sport, and always perfectly impartial. Pooh-Bah is a one job specialist compared with the country constable. ? w ? O Of all 'authorities' on Australia to quote, the 'Sun' has chosen Foster Fra Ber. Surely the 'Sun' must be more flippant than usual. In apparent serious -Mbs| Sir 'John -Foster ??'Eraser,- ' the ?'- man whose display of ignorance- on matters i Australian is now proverbial, was quoted In Monday's 'Sun' in connection with the proposed Migration agreement between the British and Commonwealth Govern ment?.^ Fqster Fraser laments tho limited miration - tof^stralik, '.And gives, with characteristic '? pTeSunrption; two reasons for the slump. 'One is the distance from England; the other is that the Australian ; working man, who is doing well, is not en thusiastic over newcomers, whom he re gards as rivals.' Evidently Foster Fraser considers English migrants a spineless let of worms, whose only turn is to sneak back home with sickly stories of failure. 