Returned Soldiers Busy Day at Conference Alien Immigration Problem Tile R.S.S.I.L.A. annual conference got through a considerable amount of business at yesterday's session. Alien immigration was lengthily discussed. BANANA DISEASE. ' Mr. Campbell (Committee of Direc tion) pointed out that the- importa tion of Fiji bananas should be prohi bited. Professor Goddard had stated that the disease of "sigtoko" was worse than "bunchy top," and It was admitted that tho ba'nana industry south of Nerang practically was wiped out; even at Buderim the dreaded bunchy top had made its appearance. A delegate remarked that it was strange that Fiji successfully was ex porting bananas to New Zealand. Cons ferenee passed a resolution to the effect that an embargo should be placed upon all Fijian fruits, and those of any other country from which there was. a danger of infectious disease. This resolution to he conveyed to the proper author ities in the interests of returned soldiers engaged in the banana indus try. POPPY APPEAL. Resolved that the district conference emphatically protests against the appeal made on November 11, of each year for funds for despatch to France, more particularly in view of the desti-- tution amongst returned soldiers, amply evidenced by the frequent ap peals for funds and even left off clothing, through the columns of the metropolitan Press, and that while this appeal is continued for _ such a purpose,' the sub-branches in this district refuse to participate. The resolution was carried with one dis sentient. It was pointed out that Madame Guerin had sent out ten thousand poppies which arrived on an already overloaded market. AVAR NURSES' FUND. This matter became the centre of .considerable discussion. It was pointed out by Mr. Ford that a -room was at- the disposal of the nurses .in the Anzac Club building, but that so far it had not been availed of. The amount to credit of this fund was .£9,000. Mr. Hopkins spoke strongly in favour of the more liberal distribution of the fund; it should he made more readily available to such nurses as were in distress. Inquiries were pro-; ,'ceeding.' . .- SUGAR GROWING. IN. J1AFU A. ' Mr. Hopkins pointed , out that New Guinea virtually was nowj .jm-.-Jntegrai- part - of Australia ; „ jL thg„ ,wj>iter,me« . here did not cuHiv/ttejind dfiyplqp, it., some other nation cer.tamly .would.' It Avas resolved, that 'the Vpoy-' ernment inquire into., tije bpssifelTlties'- of sugar growing in 'Papua by 'returned ' soldiers. . ' ' ' . . PICTURE FILMS. . .. J ' The motion /before tlm conference! was "That the Commonwealth .Govern ment he approached.. Avith a view of limiting the importation of American films, and that encouragement be giyen. to firms producing films of Australian scenery, &c.; Also that the importation of British films be encouraged." This was carried on the motion of Mr. Hopkins. . ALIEN IMMIGRATION. Mr. Manly (Cairns) spoke strongly (in the strong tide of alien immigrants to North Queen'sland, though he ad mitted that a good- many of the Italians seemed satisfactory. He moved, "That strong endeavours be made to have restriction placed upon the influx of foreign immigration;" Mr. Hopkins instanced 600 or 700 indi viduals who landed at Frcmantle on Saturday, with a case of smallpox in cluded. To the motion was added, "That the matter of restricting alien immigration be brought before con gress." The secretary (Mr. Simpson) read out the following- table' of arrivals into Australia during the year ended June 30, 1924:— Q'land. C'wcalth. British 3.662 83,159 Italian .... ... 427 2,032 Greek .. .. 40' 1,021 U.S.A.' 14 3,264 Danish .. .. 10 131 Dutch 9' 222 French 1 633 German 15 148 Norwegian .... — 54 Russian .. 151 305 Swedish .... 2 73 Swiss ...... 3 232 Maltese .... 28 243 . Other white races 83 1,107 , Totals .. 4,445 90,624 Chinese . . ... 402 3,951 Japanese .... 37 472 Javanese- .... 1 360 India and Ceylon 5 398 Syrians .... 2 . 290 Papuans .-. "271 » . ' 320 Polynesians .. 5 .187 Filipinos . . . . 8 90 Other coloured races 19 237 Totals . .' 5,193 96,9'41 After discussion, ' Mr. Frazer-East (chairman) said. "After all we must ad here to our ideas of fostering immigra tion from Britain. In U.S.A. Ave see instances of the third generation still unable to speak English AVe do not doubt that 'the others' may lie hard'- working and decently living people but they are not- British, which is all that need concern us. This is peculiarly applicable to North Queensland." He , had very great pleasure in stippov'.ing the motion. Mr. Hopkins Sil id that some of these aliens had fought with tlic Allies— (interruption. "So did tho Senegalese") — and had faithfully subscribed to the i Australian conditions of education and citizenship. Mr "Trudgoon finally moved, — "That , tho Federal Executive be asked to deal with the influx of individuals of alien origin, and that arrangements he made for a complete statement on the sub ject from every, sub -branch. Atid further, that an official meeting be held as soon as possible, so as to place the views of the R.S.S.I.L.A. beforo the Commonwealth Government, insisting on necessary action being taken." — Carried. SOLDIERS ON UNPROFITABLE AREAS. In this connection, Beerburrum and a large portion .of tlic Stantliorpe settlements wore singled out by the president as hopeless proposi tions no matter what assistance the settlor might receive. Arisits made by Dr. Jackson and others confined tho face that the settlers should ho trans ferred to localities which afforded reasonable chances of success. Mi'. Trudgeon moved, "That" tho State Government ho approached with the object of enlisting its sympathy in tlic matter of. allowing soldiers 'at Beer- burrum to vacato their blocks, - itu«l remove theft!' lb totalities suitabljyfogi, making titlU'Jng upon." Dr— Jeel5liy who was present, gave instances of privation, anil mentioned that lie had been informed that certain settlers were making good, but -he, personally Avould like to see the hooks in which such success was recorded. The : motion tvns -carried -unanimously. At this.stago (5.30 p.m.),::ii was lie- . . eided oil-, the mqtlan of Mr- .Hopkins, uhat.tho conference continue sitting till P-ffi' . . 