\- SOPERÍOR RACE. y THE FAIR NORDICS, CONQUERORS; AND RULERS. ' , '-'Not long before the war the rene gádev EngHsluiuvn Houston Chamber- lain developed for the edification hf the» Kaiser and his subjects ¿he theory that nearly all the great men of his- tory, including the Founder of Chris- tianity, belonged to thc Nordic, race, a breed of eupcrhumen represented ,by the- Germans and Scandinavians, and, with- sonic dilution, by the Eng- lish," writes Dean Inge In thc London "Morning Post") "Anyone who knows the physical clmracterí/ííics of the three strains .which make up. the population '.*>/ Europe can sue-fon,.himself that ! the. Germans are nof Nordics, but a. mixr' ed race in: which; the Stocky,/ round- headed' Alpineribreed. predominates. . "The purest-Nordics art to be found in Sweden: next io-ithe SWdes in racial purity.«onie the^)Norwegians, Danes, Dutch, and 'English* I.Else-, where the Nordics are an aristocratic type-- differing markedly from thc masses, especially in-the towns. "Has thc, Nordic race the superior- ity which has been claimed for it? And nre racial ^differences, apart from nationality,, a very important factor in European history? Race and na-: tionahty are quttî different Uttings, The only definition of a nation is a large group of people who wish to belong together. The French, for ex- ample, are intensely national, but ra- cially they belong to three different «tocks. LONG HEADS AND ROUND .... HEADS. . ¡"Mr. Lptrop Stoddard, who is well known as a prophet of racialism in the-, interpretation-.of histpry, has late- ly put his theory to the test by visit- ing almost every country in Europe, a.,a. has given ais experience .'to thc world jn a brilliant and extremely in-, tcrcsting bopk called 'Racial Realities in Europe," dt ts, of course, a defence ot a particular theory, which may be only one of several keys for (th; locking the mysteries of national, hie; but I cannot doubt that the author has opened out a very, fruitful! line of study, and that the philosophy of his? tory will in the future have to pay more attention to the factor of race than it has done hitherto. "The main facts of race distribution arc well known, and there is no long- er any serious' differences of opinion among experts. "Europe contains two long-ueaueu races, the Nordics and the Mediterra- neans, and thc one round-headed race, thc Alpines. "The iSordic is tall and fair; the Mediterranean shorter and more slen- derly built; his hair and eyes are dark, his skin olive or swarthy. The Alpine is brpqd and sturdy, clumsy made and usually dark. The Swedes, Span- iards and ? Russians supply typical ex- amples of-these three types; though we must'not-select an aristocratic Rus- sian, who- may be a pure Nordic, nor the Mongolised type,'which is very common, as an impolite proverb about. BC ra tching a Russian and. finding a Tartar indicates, ?fDifferences i of mjnd 'and ' tempera* Dient are as.Wfcl) marked" as variations in height, figure, and color. The Med« itcrranean is emotional, passionate, wanting in (cnacity. He is sociable, but undisciplined, aiid rarely founds a stable or strong government except undor Nordic leadership. He excels in thc arts and lu thc joy of living, From various causes, the Mediterraneans of to-day are racially impoverished, and are sometimes, as in Portugal and South Ireland, of verv Door nualitv. PEASANT STOCK,' "The Alpines are tile typical peas- ants, sturdy, tenacious, stolid, and un- imaginative. They are not warlike, hut have, a gift for peaceful penetra- tion, soaking in among Mediterranean populations, and supplanting them! The Nordics, have conquered them, hut have gradually been absorbed by their dogged subjects. In Germany the Alpines have spread at thc expense of 'the Nordics; in France, at thc expense .of the Mediterraneans. Both countries are ' now predominantly roundheaded. The ruling class in an Alpjnc popula- tion is seldom of the same breed a.* the ruled. "The Nordics are essentially a , northern race. They are distinguished by a restless creative energy, which carried them far to the south and east of their homes. The Aryan conquerors of India, Homer's Achaeaus, the ruling elass in ancient Rome, the Franks and Normans, we're all . Nordics, To-day their chief hope of racial predomin- ance lies in the United States and in the British Dominions. The Americans ¡ have resolved, just in time, that they ¡ will not àllow themselves to be swamped by alien immigrants. The Nordic-has politjcal qWIity. and,ts too, sensitive of lil's persona) rights tq tolerate tvrannv. >. ' "Towards other races' he is proud and. exclusive; he (will not willingly mix, Iiis; blood with theirs.i He.. lqves good living, and is, therefore a, high» standard man-a doubtful advantage for his survival value. Tlie. Nordic isajsp penalised by his, righting, qual- ities,. In, every war"hc, is the, first.to volunteer ana, t fie first to ..'frill. Every, gr.cal war. rias^' .diminished.' the Nordic; , stock. .Perhaps the,.tnr.ec'most disas- trous struggles from, this point of. view, \yevp thc Thirty- Years' War, thc Atnerlcatv Civil War; and the recent Great War. "It is probable that the hatred of the privileged class, which has several times led to violent, revolutions, has a racial origin. One, of the cries against the aristocrats in the French Revolution was, "Send them back to the German marshes, whence they came.' And nothing .delighted the small, dark mob who gathered around the guillotine more than when the ex- ecutioner held up the head of a lady by her long blonde hair. In Russia thc' aristocracy which ha»'been massacred ;byi i ?thc.f'Bolsbeviktertiwas "bfgely ? of :Nordiç origin, and thc same is true :of Irelafid, has boen proved, that ?almost tívery ~ distinguished Irishman is of English on Scottish descent. "Mr. Stoddard's 'theory!.makes him a good friend to this country. He con , siders .that we are a very homogene- ous nàtiçn, sume, the . Alpine round-1 heads are, not represented in our popr uiation.; This is the more curious, be- cause,-, there .was once- a roundhead- ed race in. Britain, iwho' buried their dead In round barrows, but they seem to .have, died out. 'after leaving (ac- cording to one theory) the so-called . . Celtic language behind them. SCANDINAVIAN SENSE. "Th« British, before the English conquest, he regareis as pure Mcditer ' iiyneans, who made their, way fat . north of their 'usual -limit, tempted* by . the'mildness, of ¿ur* climate, To me, however, it seems probable that these Mediterranean .invaders aminglcd with fyi earlier Neolithic stock, of which nçthing is known. T^iç, island was in -habited before thc . ,cqm!iiK of thc Mediterraneans! and, ,tl)e non-Nordic parts of the population,, such as the j Welsh, are surely different from the J pure Southerner's, sturdier in build apd , unlike in feature. The: Nordic, invaders . including. the ÑQrt"a¡ns. were all . of 'kindred race, and fused readily with each other.'/ , , ; J,,. .J .',!.? "1 entirely'-agree'with''his''unstinted admiration of the three Scandinavian nations. He notices thc' for-seemg wis- dom which prevented the Swedes from declaring war upon seceding Norway a war which Would.have left both at the mercy of-Russia;, the moderation i of the ' Danes in claiming only the I purely Danish part, of Jjchlcswig-Hol I stein, and their good-natured, conces- sion of autonomy to the 90,000, inhabit- ants of Iceland; and, lastly,..thc pru- dent ? statesmanship of thc Swedes in not taking thc purely Swedish Alan Islands from'F'niaiid.J'Thèy.vkticw that a [fricndlv /Finland imight .lie' very usç fuîjto them'in th%il[ffuWV. -j 