The Queenslander. BRISBANE, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1925. THE FEDERAL SESSION. Lord Forster, on the 10th. inst[?], opened the Federal Parliament with all becoming pomp and circumstance. For his Excellency it is the last time this ceremony will fall to be performed by him, and^ of course, it' i* also the hurt time that the present Commonwealth Parliament meets befoit lacing the electors. The Governor-Gene* ral's speech disclosed more than the 'pro gramme of measures which the Govern ment intended to enact before the end of the session—a bill- of-fare which political chefs can always draw up with attractive titles—but, what if more to the' point, he announced the very satisfactory news that the financial year terminating with June would close with a substantial surplus. T* alone is a satisfactory achievement* and demonstrates the good management of the present guardians of the Federal Treasury chest. It is so easy when revenue is known to be buoyant for Minis* ten to slacken their band on expenditure. This, temptation has been successfully re sisted notwithstanding several clamant voices, and Mr. Bruce and Dr. Page are to be congratulated on having accomplished the feat of squaring the ledger. There are some Governments in Australia which we could name that seem to have lost thin elementary art for years. Jcs Is well knows, the Federal Govern ment has this year to meet its obligations to the holders of War Bonds dated 1095. These total the huge sum of £08,000,000. It is very gratifying, therefore, to learn that this amount is to be provided for without any disturbance practically to the finances of the country. No doubt the general response to the offer of renewal has; brought about this result, a response which eloquently demonstrates the con fi<l«fi*ce of Australians in the present Ad ministration. One hardly likes to think what would hay happened had the reins of government been in the hands of a party which has been frequently stupid enough at tbe hustings to denominate :11 bond holders as "bloated capitalist*." It is, indeed, very fortunate for the country that the renewal has been made by a Treasurer who has never committed that folly or threatened his fellow-citiiens with confiscatory legislation. The whole -£08,000,900 will be provided for, it is con fidently forecast, before the due date on the 31st of December next.* It is also satisfactory to note that the Government intends to push on with civil aviation in country districts. We hope that this clause in the Speech is not mere window-dressing, but a promise that will be implemented without delay. Again and again we have called attention to the fact that there is no country in the world more suited for the. extension of aviatiou services than our own. . The regular ser vices .running in West Australia and in our Western Queensland prove that such a form ot transport can.be both regular and developmental.' Perth and Wyndham, Cloncurry and Charleville, have been brought together in a way that could nor otherwLse.be accomplished; There is ample room for these skeleton services being ex* tended so that' many other remote ports may be brought into contact with the life of the people. Iv Queensland alome the aviation routes that claim consideration are several, among the chief of thorn being that from Brisbane to Darwin. There i« abundant material for constructing aero plane*, and if the conntry gets the benefit of thi* equipment, and of the service* of airmen who have not forgotten their cun ning, it should not be long before the«o aerial transport services come into actual being. Civil aviation in Australia is 'can able of almost indefinite expansion, and the Federal Government in doing weH in inviting University .students to take a vacation course to Sualify for air pilots at Point Cook, .n air-mail between ~ Melbourne and Xauncestoni for instance, would be an immense boon to Tasmania! letters being conveyed from one capital to another in the course of a very.few hours. v Mr. Bruce and his colleagues, in for* -casting the appointment of a North Aus tralia Commission, shojr their awareness of the danger zone of the Commonwealth ■being left any further to take care of itr ■self. Experience has taught M that while Commissions can sprout op like mush* rooms, there are some of them that are actually justifiable, and are not merely -billet-makers for politicians. 'North Aus tralia has been for far too lone a neglected Cinderella. Federal members have gone on motor parties to Danrin, but there it has ended. The Northern gate needs warding, and anything that will assist in the de velopment of this part of "our national heritage deserves support. But it must hot end with another report and Blue Book. It most lead to something concrete and prac tical. Otherwise the white elephant* of the Northern Territory will remain a by word and a menace. • Among the items in the Governor-Gene* ral's Speech is tt?e proposal to construct a railway northward to Alice Spring*. This penetration into the Northern Territory, to the very heart -of Australia, by means of the iron horse cannot be regarded by the most optimistic as a payable proposi tion. It will probably commit the Com* .monwealth to the North-South railway, upon which the people of Adelaide have let their heart*—a line that should not be undertaken till the Eaat-West railway ap proximates a paying proposition. No doubt the Bonth Australians will welcome this proposal for another and more completely desert railway, but the other Statesman hardly be enthusiastic about it. That the tariff needs amending in some particulars n only too evident to the business community, which has been worried by unnecessary anomalies and officious Customs officers. The further assistance which the Commonwealth Gov ernment m to give to the export of butter and cheese is a continuation of the policy which Mr. Bruce has made his own. A re cent strike in Denmark, according to the cables, has' given, a distinct fillip in the Midland* of England to the purchase of Australian butter. Wembley has been ' using Dominion foodstuffs only. Mr. Bald win's Government has set aside % 1,000,000 annually to encourage the consumption of Dominion products. Surely this new step in Imperial co-operation will assist the export of our dairy products. The Danish strike has turned /the eyes of distributors to Australian supplies. Usually it is strikes in Australia that hinder British consumers from giving orders, lest they night not be filled. Some reference has been made In the Speech to alien immigration and its re striction. Mr. Bruce.is perfectly well aware that a considerable amount of political capital is being manufactured in North Queensland against the Government on this account. Mr. Ferry's report has not impressed the people of Queensland very much. At the saute time w have to be careful that unsuitable migrants do &ot; reach our Bhores from Naples or. the Piraeus, as well as. from London. Bui it will not do to complain in the same breath that Greeks and Italians are undesirables, and that they work too hard. Amendments to the Federal Arbitration and Conciliation Act are probably- neces' sary. The Court that was so flonted by the seamen has been always in the humili ating position of giving commands the performance of which it is utterly power less to enforce. As long as this anomaly continues, bo long will the Federal Arbi * tration Court bo the laughing stock of Walsh, Johannsen, and Co. Mr. Bruce hopes to bring the Federal Court more into line, with the 8-Urte Arbitration Courts. Further, the Government intends to arrange for the construction of wireless stations m the Northern' Territory and in Western Queensland. These modes of communication, like the aeroplanes, help to neutralise our irtnfcnificent distances'. 