FEDERAL ELECTIONS SENATOR PEARCE AT MOOR A Before a largo audience on Monday evening last at the Town Hall Senator Pearce (Minister for Home and Territories) save an excellent address in connection with his candidature, and the issue upon which the Federal elections are being fought. Tho chair was occupied by Col. Denton (member for *3oore) who in a brief speech introduced the Minister to the electors. Senator Pearce said he came before them for a renewal of their confidence and to give an account of his stewardship during the reign of the Federal Parliament just ended, and to tell them what the Government, of which he was a member, had done in the past and their intentions in the future At the outset he desired to explain how impossible it is for a Federal Minister to visit his con stituents more often. As they knew, he was controlling one of the largest departments in the Bruce- Page Cabinet, During the recess he was not able, as other members are, to put in the whole of that time visiting his electorate, as it was . during the time the House was not sitting that the bulk of the work of his department had to be attended to. He men , tiened this, a,s it had been seizsd upon as one of the reasons why they should not again return him. He would also like to point out to them that it was a great advantage to the State to haVe a member in the Federal Cabinet. The speaker then went On to*deal with the vital questions that affected Western Australia in Federal politics. The tariff was a protective one and in some instances a high protective one. This, he explained, did not suit our Sta^e, as our indus tries are primary,. and in this regard he explained his position as a member of a Protectionist Government. He had put his position before the other W.A. representatives, and they/had all agreed that it would be better not to get out, as the whole of the other members would be in the same position. To get out would be cutting one's nose off to spite one's face, and as it is an advantage to the Stste to have Cabinet status it was agreed that he should not get out, Commonwealth shipping and the strike were next referred to. The loss sustained by the strike totalled half a million, which the ratepayers had to find to keep the line going, and it was through this fact that they determined to sell, conditionally that the freights- and fares were not raised. The unifica tion of the railway gauge system and the air service were next dealt with and fully explained. The construction of roads under the £ for jQ system was one which they intended shou'.d be continued in the future, and quite recently the Federal Government had granted a large sum free from any condition whatever. This money could be spent on main or roads other than feeder roads. Markets for our produce and preferential trade were questions which had been given the closest attention. Great Britain had departed for the first time, in her history in giving preference to our produce. Last year was the largest butter export to the home market. Previously our butter was branded and so'd as Danish or other butter, but for the first time in our history Australian butter was branded and sold as Australian Kan gacoo brand In connection with this a good strpry was told in which it was said that the butter was made from kangaroo milk (Laughter) Immigration they were determined to develop, but to do so they must have money Under the new immigration agreement they received money at a low rate of interest but it was to be spent in opening up the land and not on any immigration schem? for paying I passages The Commonwealth Bank and its advanSages under the scheme formulated to give rural credits weie fcully explained, which gave the ^directors authority to advance up to 8 3 per cent ol the value of produce to be exported, and advantage would a*so be taken ot the most favourable opportunities to export In referring briefly to defence the candidate said that it , would be impossible for a mere handful of people to finance the defence of Australia without aid After referring to our finances and our war debt, and the gold mining industry, the speaker referred to the recent favourable report of the Commission on our disabilities under Federation When that Commis sion was iirst mooted Mr Bruce and Dr Page gave him (the speaker) the opportunity of naming the Commis • sion, and those Commissioners have reported that W.A. had suffered from the Federal tariff and also by the war, to a greater extent than the Eastern States by the heavy income tax of one fifth in Western Australia, while in Victoria it was is 6d in the £, To overcome this the Constitution would have to be amended ; but they had decided to grant a refund of £450,000, and it is intended to bring down a bill to pay this for one year, and by this means future, arrangements could start on that basis Under the soldier settlement scheme every State had incurred heavy losses, and W.A. is to have no less a sum than £760,- ooo-wriiten off The scheme formulated by the Federal .Government to ayoid indiscriminate borrowing was now approved of by the whole States Under that- sch me the State 4 were able to obtaia money mare advantageously Referring to the main issue of. the election—industrial peaces- Mr Pearce said that through the seamen's strike a million working days had been lost, and million in w-iges—that was Mr Walsh's record for eight years No country 'was wealthy enough to to stand this —it meant bankruptcy The whole trade had been paralysed, the tourist traffic had been stopped*& boarding house keepers and others in Tasmania had been ruined by the stoppage of this fransport trade All this had happened while the doors of the Arbitration Court—the creation of the Labor party—were|still open He went cn to show how closely allied were the Labor Party and Commu nism, and exhibited a photo by which he illustrated his assertion, sh owing our Federal members —A E Green and W E Needham— grouped with the leader of Coiiimu hism in Australia (Mr Joe Gardner) and others of the same erted The Federal authorities were now seeking the power and authority to stamp out Communism, which was the clean cut issue which the electors had to decide, so that we could work out our destiny in peace and pot in strife .They ..must meet organisation by organisation, and he appealed to those present to do everything possible to see that every vote was recorded They must, he reminded them, vote for the.who!e ot the seven candidates; and again earnestly asked them to give first preference vote to the group which is standing for law and order and industrial peace—Mullany, Lynch and Pearce—in any order of preference they pleased. In reply to a question as to the Federal road grant and the through road to Gera'dton, via Watheroo and Coorow, the Minister said this", would come under the category of a national road, and lie would do his best to •secure a grant. The-question of bridges "would. a'so come under the scheme from the unconditional grant Several other questions having been asked and answered satisfactorily, a vole of thanks was moved by Mr P. D. Ferguson (chairman of the Moora Road Board), seconded by -Mr W. J, Carrick. J P Mr Ferguson took advantage of the occasion to-bring under the notice of the Minister the unfair -allocation of Federal,, money for road construction, for while the South-West received a large isum of the grant the roads north of Perth were treated in a very niggardly fashion. The vote was carried by aeclamamation, and in turn the candidate moved a vote of thanks to the chairman. [E. L, Green, Moora. j ' Herald' Office, 