Nfcw "Colonies" of Settlers Australia iB appreciated ns a country of opportunity by foreigners, even if it is derided by some of the nativeborn and slandered by them as a place where the capitalistic system grinds the masses under its iron hfeel. Within the last few months "Sunraysia Dally" has contained several anbouncements of the establishment of foreign "colonies" in various parts of - Australia, the latest refer- ring to the arrival of ten Danes— eight men and two women—who intend to takfe up farniltiK in Queensland. "Farming" is a rather vague description of a person's occupation, but as it conveys the tneaning of production from the land it may be acceptcd that the Danish immigrants intend to enter one of the forms of rural industry. Which branch they take up does not matter; it is of interest, however, to study their methods. As Australians we are apt to pride ourselves on doing things in the way that suits us, and to boast of our standard of living. In far too many cases the comforts are enjoyed before they are earned, and in that respect we might take to heart the lesson thnt some of our foreign mi grants can teach. Perhaps it would be more accurate to describe it as re-learning from them of the forgotten lessons taught by the pioneers of this country, and it would be very useful to remember that the idea of the young men starting where their fathers left otT has done its 6hare toward creating economical unsoundness in some of our industries, boUl primary and secondary. Of course, this cannot be applied except in the broadest general terms to any particular industry; individual cases can be found in all directions, and in the aggregate they are numerous. How these Danes intend to work remains to be seen. It is not probable, however, that for some years at least they will work together. Following the example Of ttie Italians in the Queensland sugargrowing districts, they are likely to acquire a small property and run -Jt as a community undertaking, each drawing a bare living allowance return for the work donfe, attd Allowing the profits to accumulate for the purchase of a second property from iU Australian owners; the process is repeated, and in & tew years each- member of the grofap hoids a prbperty ot his own, free o( dfebt, betatise it has been paid for as it has been acquired. It is easy ' U> diidehStand how, working on such a system, foreigners have been steadily ousting the Australian from proprietary ibterest lti iiugar- growlhg latid; it is easy, also; to understand •Miy thfe uon-Savinfe. Atibtralian. cane- Cutter Is still Sii etb&loyae.; years Mtler a foreigner stalling.at the faille tinifc beebme iii. tiwner ot land, ji iria^ -be unpl^asant iiut it is A tact •that SBomia nol Ue iggs&&,:tiiat the Jbttustrions • fotei&ner.t; -is • }tt many direction! iftltfclng&Sbd; "bv . reti&taiiot; Sis industryst4faa .ttbritti while mpn better and iitorfa ^Imtflfi id otUer respects Srei'UbillJJ -ileh behind nbetAuse iiey M tSMl&k; the 4eSd felghtbt a t^Wj^df Ihkt fheytUn llbt liBre out ol.i^V jw&ltiiltr; ^bli tiian '{hey put inio->it. JUis. tfwfen wlfiu lb have "A withfcis cheqde. be does il. thd |$ee back it, wortt, ilife jotejftn«r save fhis mohhf 60 thai fn rvari^e Sj hmm othettCs , While he hamAfi.fflita- time, *n*£ tmiL Botfi have Uferfr to I themselves, to ebfepteta But^teh ifaf&g; t4ki inM* is' endeavors to improve his position all the time, and the Australian who, always accustomed to good living and with little ambition io better himself, resents the intrusion of the more industrious and thrifty foreigner, is providing the Queensland Labor Government with the most difficult problem it has yet had to handle. Its genesis may be traced to the time when this country began to bitild up on the false assumption that it would always be our very own, to work or loaf iu, to spend or save in, just as we pleased. The tact that foreiehers are coming here in increasing numbers, and that they are practising the gospel of hard work and thrift by which our forefathers laid the foundations for the prosperity of this British country, should serve as a warning that we ought to recast our ideas in several directions. AVe have no legitimate excuse for refusing admittance to most of these foreigners; if they are decent, law-abiding men, able to show that they will not be a burden oil the country, we cannot re&soualily; d£ anything more than fix quotns Hint will prevent the flooding of the labor market. If they establish themselves in rural industries without nfd from the State, if they abide by the laws of the country, and if they demonstrate by hard work and thrift that Australia presents good opportunities for their friends at home, what are we gotng to do about it? Are we going-Ao adopt exclusion laws that may immediately involve us in the deep waters of international complications, or are we going to tell our own people candidly that they ought to settle down and beat the foreigner at his own game? 