PERSONAL Our Port Esperance correspondent writer The passing away of Mr. Killingback at the ripe old age of 90 years, removes one more of our earliest settlers. Mr. Killing back came to this country in 1857 as an immigrant in the sailing vessel Sir W F Williams. On arrival he served a short period as gardener to Sir Robert Officer at New Norfolk, afterwards coming into the Huon and eventually settling here for nearly 40 years. He afterwards removed to Sandy Bay, where he spent the remain ing years of his life. Mr. Killingback had as fellow-passengers many other fami lies who settled here of whom there are only one or two of the old people left but are well and creditably represented by relatives to the second and third genera tion, among them being the Browns, Drys dales, Davis's, Reeves, and Mr. Robert Sawers. In those daye there was an im migration system in vogue called the bounty system, by which married people could come out to the colonies assisted by the Government on very easy terms, pro vided they could produce certificates as to craftsmanship and good character. The Sir W. F. Williams was engaged in this connection for three trips from Liverpool -1856, 1857 and 1858- carrying a good com plement of passengers, and accomplished the run from liverpool to Hobart on aver- age time of 95 days. She was a clipper barque of 870 ton, built of wood in Nova Scotia in 1856. After these trips she was sold by the Black Ball Line, to which she belonged, to a Danish firm and abandoned at sea in a sinking condition in 1894. Delighted to return to Australia after an absence of about six months, Mand Fane is bound for Melbourne on the nag steamer Orama, which reached FremaaDo yesterday. Sho will be "eadine lady in the production of tho American rauekal comedy, "Tip Toes." Also travelling on the vessel are Miss Sibyl Jane, lua O'Connor, Mr.. M. Dainon, and Mr. B. JJ, Livesy, who will take parts in therérot. "Is Za.t So?" T" Journeying to Melbourne on the mail steamer Orama, which reached Fremantlg yesterday, is Mr. W. E. Nockinghaa, su- perintendent of thc Pacific Cable Board, who is returning to take charge of toa Melbourne station. He left Melboona in 1921 for Halifax, Nova Scotia, whoa he was placed in charge of the station at that centre. For two years he snperin tended work in connection with the Be» ; Wost Indian schiVne, which compris» eight wireless stations and three cabio stations. Operations were started con- ; jointly by thc Imperial, Canadian, and West Indian Governments, and thc Pao- ', fie Cable Board wa6 asked to take over rad manage the system on behalf of Ha owners. The Chainnan of the Hobart Firj Brigade Board (Mc. CJydo Hamil- ton), at the meeting of thc boari yesterday, moved that the board express its deep sympathy with Mr. H. M. Low, a member of thc board, Mn\ Low, and family in the bereavement enf- ierecí by the death at Ocean Island, fol« lowing an operation, of Mr. and Mrs, Low's son, Mr. Kenneth D. Low. Thi motion was carried in silence, members standing, and aa a further token of aym. patby and respect the board adjourned for a period. 'The Roman. Catholic Arcmmshop of Melbourne (Dr. Mannix), who led the Australian delegation to tho recent Eucharistic Congress in Chicago, reached Melbourne yesterday by the Sydney ex- presa. Ho was accompanied by thc Bhßh'op oí Bendigo (Dr. McCarthy) and tho Archbishop of Hobart (Dr. Barry). The Archbisnop of Perth (Dr. Creme) joined the R.M.S. Osterley at Meíbourn» yesterday to return to West Australis. The estate left by Mr. F. B, Kpofforfh will astonish all who knew him in his cricketing days in Australia, and not a few of his London friends, though they wens aware of his association with a prosperous trading company (writes tho London cor- respondent of tho "Argus"). He left nd personality of £104.000. When be came to England in 1878, Mr. Spofforth met tho daughter of a London tea merchant, who later became his wife. The marriage led to the cricketer joining his fathcr-in-hvr"a business, and in proceas of time ho bocana managing director of the Star Tea Co, which was the source of his fortnnc. Mr. Spofforth was also a director of Eidgeway's Limited. To his widow, Mr. Spofforth has left £60,000 upon trust for life, to- gether with his household and personal effects and motor-cars. Subject to this trust, his property is divided canally be- tween his sons, Messrs. Rex and Ralph Spofforth, and his daughter Mrs. Vera Youle. His daughter MÍES Dorothy Spofforth receives £15,000 at once, and the other three children £10,000 apiece. To the London Hospital and the MidcDo sex Hospital, Mr. Spofforth bequeathed £500 each, and to his gardener and home maid £100 each. DAIRY EXPERT. MR. T. H. ATKINSON APPOINTED. At a meeting of tho Executive Council yesterday,. Mr. T. H. Atkinson, of tho New South Wales Department of Agricurtare, was appointed Tasmanian Dairy Expert in succession to Mr. A. Conlon, who has retired. Tho appointment dates from October 1. There were 18 applicants for the position, six being from within Tas- mania, five from Victoria, six from Nco South Wales, and ono from South Ans traliai Mr. AUdnson, who is 34 yeans of 35a is the senior dairy supervisor in Ken South Wales. He bolds the agricnîtimt diploma of the Hawkesbury College, aw also the full dairy certificate of the eami institution, covering the subjects of birt ter and cheese making, milk and crean testing, and general farming. He als holds the national diploma of Grta Britain, 101!), embracing tho science ani practice of chemistry, bacteriology, chea and butter making, and general dairyinî During tho war he served two^ years a assistant in the laboratory at No. 1 Ao tralian General Hospital in France, ai» after the Armistice ho travelled exta sivcly in Great Britain, Denmark, an New Zealand in pursuit of dairying BOT ledge. 