NORSE DISCOVERY OF AMERICA » First European to Cross Atlantic In Cmmmmwoallh Avenue, Bf.slon. Mass., stands a statue. of Leif Eu-ikssoii, n Norseman,, who was the first Euro pean to si.il a ship across the Atlantic and reach continental America (writes Uttlvdan Koftf Professor of History, University of Norway, in the "Nor wegian Trade Review"). This event happened in or about the year 1000. Half a millenary was to elapse before Christopher Columbus rediscovered America. When we read about all the difficulties he had to surmount in order to accomplish his plan, and seeing how daring and remarkable his contem poraries found his deed, we may well be templed to doubt the reality of the reported voyage of Leif EIriksson. In deed, we may ask was it possible. " No doubt it was. The Scandinavians at that time were the best sailors . in tho world, und they possessed excellent sea-going ships. We, have good evi dence that, just about -tlio year 1000, Norwegian and Danish kings crossed the North Sea with navies of ' ships each carrying a hundred men. Further more, in the royal burial mounds of Norway, some specimens of old -ships dating from the 9th century have been found in good preservation. These ships do not belong to the biggest type of the age, and do not seem to have been built for really long voyages... In the year 1893, how ever, a. true copy was built from such a chance model, and 12 Norwegian seafarers sailed it across the Atlentlc, thus providing the practical proof of the possibility of crossing the ocean in the ships of the Viking age. The ship used on that occasion may still be seen at Chicago. A MEMORABLE DEED. As a matter of fact, history records as the great memorable deed of the Scandinavian Vikings, the Norsemen, and the Danes, that they opened ocean traffic to European navigation. Until that time, the merchants of Europe did not venture out on- the' high seas, but kept to the coast. The Vikings boldly set out on the, open sea, they crossed the North Sea,- they sailed round the British Islands or through the Channel, they crossed the Bay of Biscay,- they rounded Spain and went Into the Mediterranean. The Norwegians did better still by- sailing to the . Faroe Islands, to Ice land, and even to Greenland discover ing all those islands in the course of the 9th and ,10th centuries. At.,Jhe same time: they sailed as far east as the White Sea. In the llth century, we are told thdt one of the Norwegian kings set out for the Arctic Ocean just to see what there was to be found, and in the 12th century . the Spitzbergen Islands (Svalbard) were discovered from Iceland. It Is somewhat puzzling to under stand how these men were able to find their way in midrocean; They -did not know the mariner's .compass, and they had no nautical instrument for deter mining the position of their' ships. But they were, able and practical astron omers, they knew by experience the art of meteorology, and they had a wonderful sailor's instinct that told them where they sailed. They .could not -exactly preordain their landing P ace in a distant country ,_ yet they did not go far astray1, and they were able to keep up a regular traffic be tween Great Britain, the Faroes, Ice land, and even Greenland, on one hand and Norway -and Denmark 'on the other. . To such, experienced sailors the Sbnity. JimeHca <?ou,a be no . i"1- Leif Eiriksson, the man who first ofSNnieX! : Amfn'ca- was an Icelander. thera r -„f n SCnt' and his Veins. -,an explorer's blood. Hi's hein,T''i the ned- was a Norwegian lelonging to a noble Rogaland family in south-western Norway. This Eirik- ohiirLw111 nhiS fa£I,e'' Thorvald, was obliged to flee the country owing to a o£ manslaughter, and they went to Iceland. . y The colonising of Iceland bv v,- .wegians had. begun a hundred years before, and at that time was in s,?b® .comPleled. The fugitives ITflUr 11, Jure re' flnd some r their land but btrei" ,EiHlc mai'rled in Ice- batfve min t r a ''estIess and.com- ci-,,X® mind, he committed -man- nftm? !" sfveral occasions, and .. moving from one district to Ia"d too flnalIj' t0 flee, from Ice- „he,n h,e salled westward to find a new land, and discovered Greenland. That was about, the year 980. _/AN ADVERTISING PUFFER. Seeing .that Greenland Is . virtually w? n UeriS?n 's'anfli"the Norwegian, Eirik the Red, may be called the first discovered .of America, and something American may even be discerned Jn his maimer of thought. It is said that he gave the name of Greenland to th" new land with the object of iriaking.it mrf alluring to immigrants,- He was .a kind of advertising puffer,, and bo- adopted the role of an emigration agent. He returned to Iceland in this capacity, and led the first colony to Greenland, This colony, the first European settlement in America, re mained in existence for five centuries uri'il the end of the 15th century, and \--when Greenland was recognised early in the 1th century, it naturally became a colony" of Norway. In Iceland, about 975, Kli-lk the Red had a son, who was called Leif. As a hoy, Leif was -taken to Greenland with his father, and here he grew up, be coming a kind of Norwegian-Ameri can. Leif Eiriksson proved hlmselC a liiudy sailor. lie undertook the long voyage direct from Greenland to Nor way. This voyage gives a .starting- point for the' dating of his discovery of continental America. For, Norway was , then tinder the sway of Olaf Tryggvason (995-100), and this king, the first Christian king of Norway, sent 'Lief buck to Greenland, nlim-gleg him with tho task of christianising the Utile Icelandic colony there, just as he had sent one of his priests to christianise Iceland itself, , . Leif is reported to havo left Nor-, way in the year .1000, and, either quite accidentally in returning or on a voyage immediately after, lie crime lo unknown" countries In tlio west. Finding here wild yines he named the land Vlnland, thus pursuing tho adver tising policy of his father. It is Impossible to tell exactly where this Vlnland was situated, . states Halvdan ICoft, Professor .of History, University of Norway, Oslo, in the "Norweiglan Trade Review." Two Ice landic sagas give the account of the discovery of Leif; but 'they wiftter wicLely as to details. They only agree in staling that he found such a fertile land of a distinctly southern nature, and the discovery of this "hew land beyond the sea ensured to the daring commander the name of Happy Leif.. His report about what he had seen ccull not but incite the exploring spirit of his fellow-countrymen In. Greenland, and after some years they went out to re-find Viriland. The leader of the new expedition was an Icelander of the name Ka.rlsefn'i, and he was- really planning ' to lead a colony out to Vlnland. KARLSEFN'I'S LANDING From his expedition, probably some- where between 1010 arid 1020, we pos- sess a description of a truly geogliaphi- cal character. He certainly meant to arrive at the same landing places as Leif, but we have got no trustworthy testimony that he actually, did so. It. would be safer to presume that tradi tion has transferred the details of Karlsefni's voyage to the first dis covery made by Leif. , Karlsefni first landed at Helluland, that is, Stoneland, then at Markland, that is Woodland, lastly at the very Vlnland where he settled. It proved impossible to keep up the colony, because of the- hostility 5.e al>orteInes, and the Norsemen oc Greenland had to return. But' Karlsefni is noted as being the first European who attempted to colonise America. In recent' times a hot'discusslon lias been waged as to the location of the places where Karlsefni and, presum ably, Leif landed in America. - Re search-has had to avail itself of -de tailed geographical descriptions as well -as of statements about distances, and even of astronomic observations. No -agreement on this point has, however, been arrived at, arid Vlnland in par ticular has been located at widely dif ferent parts of the. American coast, almost everywhere from the' St. Law rence to Chesapeake Bay. This geographic question is really not so overwhelmingly important; for, assuming the discovery of Vlnland to be an established historical fact, there is no doubt that this land is in America, ana- so the t first European discovery or America must be accredited to the Norsemen. The fundamental question, then, is this: Are the Vinland voy- aK,n? to accepted as historical ? The Icelandic sagas reporting the voyages of Leif Eiriksson and of Karlsefni were not composed until two hundred years after the events them selves, arid in those sagas many legen dary elements lib ve crept in. We are , therefore not bound to believe everything they narrate. But, for the main question, we are not confined to the testimony of these late sagas. Already the, German chronicler, Adam of Bremen, who - wrote about / 1075, using as his source the Danish King, Svein Estridson, notes the dis covery of Vinland, which he defines as a far-off islrind in .the ocean. Tlien .Vinland is mentioned by the great Ice landic- historian, Ari the Learned, ; in his work' on Iceland, . written about .1007,. and as he belonged to the: family of ICat- lsefnivhe ought to know. \- Further, we ' know with certainty that the first.- Bishop of Greenland, Eirik Gnupsson, set out for Vinland in tho year 1121, undoubtedly on mis sionary work. At the time, then, there was no doubt of the existence of Vin land. either in. Greenland or in Iceland. I think thesa statements are fully convincing as', to ' the reality of the Vinland voyages and thus, also of the discovery of -America by the Norse men. Furthermore, it is a noteworthy -fact that the Icelandic annals from the year 13-17 tell of Greenlanders who had gone .to Markland, but who in -re turning ".were driven away to Iceland. This. record gives evidence of a certain amount of traffic between Greenland and continental America. Thus we see that the Norse discov ery of America about the year 1000 has a secure place' in history frrini which it cannot be dislodged. - 