HELPING OURSELVES (By G.C.) Tlie annual conference of tlie British Con servative Party lias passed notable resolu tions—important to tlie Dominions ns well as in Rrifnin herself. It was decided that "in view of tlie success of the policies of safeguarding industries and Imperial prefer ence in limited application, n call be made for the widest possible extension of them as tlio most hopeful solution of unemployment, re lief of tlie taxpayer, and development of the markets of the Empire." Mr. Baldwin ami Mr. Ainery, who have consistently advocated Dominion preference,, have thus tlie undivided support of thciri party, nnd there are more favorable pros pects for the success of an important feature of Mr. Bruce's mission to the Imperial Con ference. It may renonahly lie expected in tlie circumstances, that Australian Free traders will not, ns on Hie last occasion, nt- tcmpt to weaken their representatives' hands by depicting tlie Comuiiiiiwenilh as a species of national impostor, trying to overreach the Mother Country by sellisli tariff huckstering. I'l'lie unsounil old Freetrade argument about liaising a wall against British products, for ; which Australia is tlie best customer outside jof India, ought by this lime to have been silenced. w I CONSERVATISM AND DEMOCRACY. The ideals of British Conservatism do not in important respects square witli those of the Australian democracy. In this country we want no social grades and classes, except those that arise naturally from sound merit. We have no room for an hereditary caste, and we resent the remnant of the feudal spirit Unit lingers in Old-world Conservative thought. While that is so, every unbiassed mind has to admit that tlio British Conser vative party lias a superior record in foreign policy, aud that in external policy it 1ms often proved itself .to be tlie sturdiest and most trustworthy representation of national feeling. Particularly do tlie overseas Domin ions recognise its broad Imperial outlook. Consistent changes in the world's in dustrial progress throw eacli country within' tlie Empire more and more upon its own re sources and demand that the British Empire look more and more to itself. The resolutions of tlie Conservative Conference indicate that Britain is realising the necessity of protect ing not only the Empire's markets, but Hie home mnrket of Britain. Freetraders, whose numbers have been diminishing through tlio logic of national experience, point to tlie marvellous prosperity of tlio Old Country ' in the second half of the nineteenth century, 1 when her ports were open to tlie world's com- I merce, when the British mercantile marine | swept every sea. and British capita! financed I enterprise .almost everywhere. Circumstances have changed. In those days Great Britain came very near to what Cobdcn regarded ns tlie national ambition — she was almost the workshop of the world. vShe had gained so great a start in national industry, ! and hnd attained sp great an efficiency, that it was impossible for any other country to sell almost any kind of manufacture in Great Britain, although tlie ports were wide open. Sending manufactured goods to Britain was equivalent to sending coals to Newcastle. DECLINING THE LEAD. Other countries refused to follow tlie Brit ish Freetrade example. Disraeli's prophecy that it was impossible to light hostile tariffs witli free ports steadily approached actual fulfilment. Starting with the protection of .their own markets, and to that extent guaran teeing their own industries, other nations gra dually developed their manufactures, often by cheaper labor than was nt Britain's com mand, nnd soon began to undersell British goods whore formerly competition was impos sible. Sometimes tlic competition gained a significant fillip from tlie state of tlie ex changes. Not long after tlie war thousands of lace-makers at Nottingham— men who had fought bravely for their country — found them selves idle through tlie flooding of tlie British market by cheap laces from France. While tlie terms of peace were still under discussion many thousands of British workers were out of employment through tlie free importation of shiploads of toys aud fancy goods l'or the Christmas trade from tlie old enemy, Ger many. The British working-man had been taught for generations that Protection would make him pay more for his food and clothes. He believed it, and found himself without the wages to buy anything. Freetrade had strangled his rural industries, as it strangles them everywhere, and lind either driven his fine, manly agricultural laborers overseas or left them oppressed by perpetual poverty. PREFERENTIAL AGREEMENTS. In a commercial world, where unrestricted competition has been to a large extent aban doned, adherence to the old Freetrade theory of buying in the cheapest foreign market — although manhood might decay and nation and Empire fall — has led to many facts re grettable even to Freetraders themselves. Those who have opposed preferential trade agreements between the nations of the Em pire have endorsed a trade agreement with Soviet Russia, which tries by fair means or l'otil to encompass the Empiro's downfall.. Contracts l'or building British ships have been placed, to tlie amount of scores of mil lions, with German shipyards, although the incomparable shipbuilders of Britain were either idle or seeking means of livelihood in other lands. Argentine beef nnd Dutch and Danish dairy produce were bought in preference to the products of the Domin ions. Each fact of this kind intensified Im perial thought. Why not buy within the Em pire under preferential agreements to the mutual advantage? Not long since American Freetraders were shouting that, as they were compelled to export the bulk of their raw cotton and. take the world's price, Protection wns of no value to them. Unless there were Impor tations, they asked, how were they to be paid for their cotton ? Tlie question was as foolish as that which inquires how, under Protec tion, we are to he paid for our wheat and wool. Protection developed the cotton manu factures so rapidly that American factories now use about four-fifths of the cotton pro duced, aud soon tliey will consume all., Seri ous market fluctuations like those now re ported are mainly due to local conditions. This growth of American manufacture ied Manchester — Freetrade Manchester itself — to look more eagerly to tlie development of raw materials within the Empire. During the last few years many British millions have been spent in Egypt, in building vast water storage on tlie Nile in the Soudan, and in cultivation in India, ill order that in the production of raw cotton Grent Britain may be self-sufficing. ADVANTAGE TO PRIMARY PRODUCERS. Tlie progress of the national policy of Pro- tion, concurrent with preferential agreements between tlie Protectionist countries of tlie Empire, represents tlie Imperial hope for tlie future. In Australia preference for . Austra lian goods conies first, and preference for British goods comes second. "What Freetrader is blind enough to the truth to deny that Imperial preference, which is impossible without l'rotection, lias not been an immense advantage to British goods in this market, and, ill less degree, an advantage to our prim ary products in the markets of Britain? A glance nt the trading statistics will supply tlie answer. Yet along the Protectionist and Preferential road we have still a long way to travel. Tlie preference given to our dried fruits and wines in the British markets is valuable, but it can bo extended to almost all our foodstuff staind raw materials. When the demand for them is thus given a decided impetus tlie lniuls of tills country will be made jnore productive by British immigra tion. / When tlie coal strike is over tlie unem ployed army will remain considerably more than a million strong. What loyal Australian, with, his belief in Australian goods for Aus tralian people, will not admit that the British Conservatives are right? years would be considered n ridiculously short price. But while the future programme of Mr. Chalfey's horse wns uncertain, liber ties were taken with liini, both in a straight- out nnd a doubles sense. Those who took the liberties are not happy. They have in curred liabilities running, in the aggregate, into six figures. Their only hope is that ; something will come "out of the blue" to i save the situation. It very often does. j 