SUMMARY. In the Commons Mr. Amery reforrcd to tlio £500,000 subvention for the promotion England of the sale of Empire produce. He announced that the full amount of £1,000,000 would be provided in 1927-28. The subvention, he added, would be admin- istered by a commission of Parliamentary secretaries and others. Mr. Amery also stated that Home agricul- tural produce would bo included in the grant. The British Treasury announces that the year's account show a deficit of more than £14,000,000. Had it not been for the mining subsidy, which involved £10,000,000, there would have been a surplus of £5,000,000. Mr. Winston Churchill will deliver lils second Budget on April 26. Three men and three women were killed in a mysterious fire at a mansion in Ireland on Wednesday. The doors of the blazing house were found locked. The victims were two brothers, two sisters, a gardener, and a maid servant. The police believe that one of the brothers lost his reason, and having set the premises on fire, attacked the other occupants. There was an all-night sitting in the Com- mons on the Electricity Bill. The opposition by Labour and the Liberals was persistent. Further questions were asked in the House regarding the Australian zinc concentrates contract. In one reply, the opinion was expressed that it would be impossible to arrange a cancella- tion of the contract. Mr. Clem Hill considers that it would be an advantage to crlckot if the Board of Control was vested with wider powers. Preparations are being made to welcome the Australian cricketers to England at a per- formance at the Alhambra Theatre. A strong indictment against a storage com- pany is contained lu the report of a South African Government commission. The commission had Inquired into the cause of the tainting of eggs exported from South Africa, involving the loss of £80,000. The crew of a British steamer which was in distress in the North Atlantic was rescued by another British ship. The Cnnadlan Mlnlster for Agriculture has commended the working of the trade treaty with Australia. Captain Wilkins, the Australian explorer, left Fairbanks (Alaska) by aeroplane for the exploration base at Point Barrow. It Is reported that the correspandent of "The Times" at Constantinople has been ex- pelled from Turkey. A measure imposing the Australian system of local taxation on land values has been pas- sed by the Danish Parliament. The South African Government proposes to reduce the existing dumping duty on Aus- tralian flour. In England a once-famous runner, now 62 years old, ran 180 miles in 28 hours. The uncertain weather did not deter an- other vast crowd of people from attending the Royal Show yesterday. The chief attractions were again the mag- nificent district exhibits and the ring pro- grammes during the day and at night. Interested spectators included a number of farm apprentice immigrants, who arrived in Sydney by the Oronsay. The principal judging event yesterday was at the dog rings, where all breeds of terriers were paraded. Yorkshire terriers were the main attraction, but Airedales also made a splendid display. A steam tram, while travelling at a fast rate betweon Kogarah and Sans Souci, became derailed early yesterday morning. The engine left the rails, ,and after crash- ing into a post overturned, pinning the driver beneath it. He was severely crushed and scalded, and died before he could be extricated. When the engine left the rails, the coupling broke, and three cars ran on the rails for some distance until the foremoBt left tbo rails. It crashed into a polo, which almost cut the vehicle through. The other cars telescoped and remained on the line. Two conductors were on the tram. One was critically injured, and tho other recoived minor injuries. The passengers escaped injury. The Sydney branch of the Seamen's Union decided last night to suspend Mr. T. Walsh (president) from membership of the union. It was alleged that Mr. Walsh had grossly neglected his duty, and had wilfully disobeyed instructions and resolutions. About 400 members of the union attended the meeting, and only about 20 or 30 opposed his suspension. State revenue for March totalled £30,003,720, a decrease of £295,763 compared with March, 1925. One of the most bitter faction fights in the history of the Labour movement will be waged at the A.L.P. conference. It is two years since a conference was held, and much has happened since then to intensify the bitter relations between the factions. As a result of dissension and intrigue, new factions have arisen, each adopting any means to gain control of the conference. Mr. Bavin repeated the charge yesterday that Mr. Lang had attempted to mislead the Go- vernor respecting Upper House appointments. The postal authorities intend laying a cable telegraph line from Sydney lo Newcastle, when the route of the new road is known. This cable, it is slated, will provide for at least 100 direct lines between the two cities, and will cost £250,000. Telephone subscribers In New'South Wales now number 114,182, compared with 92,329 two years ago. The executlve of the Engine Drivers' Asso- ciation has decided to ask branches to carry motions giving notice of a cessation of work. This action follows on the colliery owners' refusal of a conference to discuss objections to the operation of the Hibble award. The City Council has agreed that careful consideration shall be given to proposals for orecting workmen's homes. It is proposed to let the homes at a routai which will be within the means of city workers. The death occurred yostorday of Mr. Peroy Hordern. M.L.C. Mr. H. Giles Shaw, chairman of the Metro- politan Bench of Stipendiary Magistrates, is to enter upon leave on April 10 prior to re- tirement. The Performing Rights Association has de- manded that councils shall register their public halls with the association. The reason given for the demand, it is stated, is to permit of the performance of music without the infringement of copyright. At a meeting of the executive of the Local Government Association, a member said he considered it "nothing but blackmail." It was decided to forward correspondence to the Federal Attorney-General to show what use was being made of the Act. Rain was reported yesterday over most of the eastern half of New South Wales. Some heavy falls occurred on the North Coast, ranging up to 479 points at Coffs Har- bour. Several stations In the Central Western Plains received more than an inch. Most in- land falls, however, were light. No settlement has been reached at the compulsory conference between the shipowners and waterside workers. The Premier of Victoria Bays tbat the con eonT '"^ regarding the Federal road grant of ¿20,000,000 are not satisfactory to his Go- vernment. He has indicated that If the basis of alloca- tion is not changed Victoria may decline to take part in the scheme. Forecast:-Cloudy and unsettled in north east Lqu!lrtcr' wlth 'uriner rain and Borne scat r«n^.i.° TerB on the central coast, and in central inland areas. Mostly fine elsewhere. Si,;.Jr08t llke,y on «cuthern tablelands, coast t0 6aSt wln'tresh on north coast. The "Herald" Index appears on page 8. I 