NOTES AND COMMENTS ON MATTERS TOPICAL : The 'Nautical Gazette,' of New York, tells a, story of an American lawyer, who was consulted as to the application of the United States immigration laws to aliens arriving under contract to labor. He dic tated to his stonographcr, 'The Act pro vides for the. exclusion at the port of en try of all aliens coming under, the above circumstances.' The typist made a mis take in respect of the crucial, word 'ex- clusion,', and when the typed letter .ar rived for signature the lawyer.' found him self expressing the opinion .that the Aai; provides x for the 'cxec.uj.ion' ut the port of entry 'of all alien contract labor. With an appropriateness, one' might think was studied, in ,view of the ap proaching centenary. of the State's founda tion, public references at Fremantle are being made constantly to historical events.. At the reception to 'the 'British boys last week Mr. Angwin, Minister for Lands, took a -homely method of emphasising on the impressionable minds of the lads how rapid has been the progress of Fremantle by telling a' story of how; even during Jiis. residence, Fremantle lias extended. Soon- after his arrival, he went to the town hall with a request for a street light ?in a comparatively, near-by thoroughfare,, and was disconcerted with the reply that people who 'lived iu the bush' could : not reasonably, expect to enjoy, the* privileges of street lighting. Then, when HisvExcel lcncy lihe Governor- General was being welcomed at Fremantle, Mr. McCalluin, Minister for Works— to stress the rapid sulvanee oi! FreniautleV-told bow the girls in Mr. MeCallum's youthful 'days used' to paddle in the shallow, waters where now 20,000-lon mail liners berth at 'Victoria Quay. At the last .meeting of the Fic mautle Council, another: interesting link with the past was in evidence, in a let ter from Mr; J. W. Batcinan asking the council's acceptance- oi' a framed photo graph of the 'Old Barrack Field,' whicii is* now the Fremantle Oval. . '??' There is somewhere in the hills district near Perth a potential Picrpont Morgan. On a recent Sunday. afternoon, oiic of those rare occasions at. the week-end in recenD month! Avhen the- wpatber has permitted of motoring, to the hills, a' motoring party espied, apparently abandoned on a road side log, a bunclV of very desirable kan garoo paws. 'To stop the car and hasten to the treasure was a matter of seconds onlyj but the 'discoverer' had . scarcely placed his hand on his 'find' when a voice called 'They're a shilling :i Jmncb. sir,' and a bright you tli bobbed, up scr oiiely from behind the log— aud duly col lected his shilling. ?';?'. ' '. The.-, remarkable rescue at sea off the West Af ricaii coas t. of ' a trimnier who f el I overboard from the, UnioiirCasUc Line steamer : Ripley, Jias been reported. Shortly : after ' luiduight, the trim merj .feeling faint, ? eamert' on deck to go to the fresh . water : pumpj aiid the'v neit thing lie.kiiew was that ho was overboard. . Jsro one saw him go or heard- his cries, nor .was he' missed until 1 a.m. .,- r At 1 .10 it ? was'- Vei)b.rtc'd to 'the' bridge, the second ? officer- being ou .» watch,- who, immediately called the eaptaiis. The vessel was at once searched, and at 1.15 it was reported., that /Madison could 'hot 'bo found. The order, was . thoii: given to tuni the ? v.cssol ? .16 ;. . points, 'and she went ; back on bci'. course. ; At 1.53 a.m., cries .were heard and, two lifebuoys with. JJarcs were let go, the lifeboat manned under tehargc of the. chief, officer,' the yessel stopped and lifeboat let. go. which picked the man up at : approximately^ ^2.10 h.m, '.The boat then pulled .'back .to the vesfel which, o\vr ing to the heavy swell and fl being a dark night,' was stopped until the. lifeboat was housed and the crew safely on board. : Upon examining the man it was found that he bad beeii; bitten in two places by. lish,'.- .one', bite .on the right leg, and 'the 'other ; on. the left leg. ;? .The man. who was nauied Madison, was given restoratives and a hoi batl\\. aiid his wouiids were, dressed. It iiardl.y seems.' possible that Madison could, 'have been saved .after ;lb.e length ? of tiiue\ he was in Hie water, and ,in such «#i shark ? infested.' part of the ocqan, -as. it is' esti mated tJiattlie'yess.el must liave'; covered ;at least 16.': miles steaming— thatU is, \eight miles on her course and eigbb-'tmles back,' to get to the position where he went iovcr lj'oard;-. '-??; ? ?: ?''' ? ?? ? ; .?'...' ? ' .'? ?'?'??' ? The admission' of Germany to a'perman cnt seat on tl^e League of Nations directs attention to the rapid rehabilitation of her commercial interests. -.. One indication of Ibis is the proinineuce .which, is being given to the /question; '. of 'Greater 'Hamburg, which will, ? before long, again . bdcoiiie aii important ijroblcm. It ? will be. remember-, ed that this . matter., was mucli discussed some years ago. ; Hamburg^ as a German'. Federal State, has a somewhat small terri tory of its own and is surrounded by Prus sia. ' All the land on the banks of the Kibe' is now taken ui).by harbor, basins and thoroughfares, and there is no possi bility, of extension. Therefore, jiegotia^ tions were entered into, . soon after the war. 'with Prussia, with the object of ex tending Hamburg's' territory.--' .'In prin ciple, Prussia is ready to meet, to a lihiit od extent,, th'i^' demands , of-' Hanihurgi but the negotiations are. rendered, difficult' by the aspirations of -. neighboring Prussian places, especially by Harburg, -which 'de- mand excessive ..indemnification^ in the event of an enlargement of ??? Hamburg's territory. ? , ?'..?? ?? - Reeently^ublished statistics are inter esting in this connnection. Traffic at Ham burg in .'April of this year include -the arrival of 1,072,, vessels' of 1.349,939 tons net (as compared with 1,291 ships of 1,200.301 tons -net in -1913). The German l!ag ..accounted .for 558.235 tons, the Brit ish for 187- ships, the Dutch for 87 ships, the Norwegian for; 38' ships, the Danish, for 53 ships, while the balance flew vari ous flacs. : In the same period there sail ed 1,275 seagoing vessels of 1,375,605 tons net, as compared with 1,436 ships of i;3S9. 623 tons.net in 1913. The distribution of -flags was' about the same as in the case of the vess&ls; inwards. 