INTERNATIONAL. LONDON, March 17. In introducing the Economy Bill in the House of Commons on Tuesday, the Chancellor of the Exchequer said that the next Budget expenditure would total £799,000,000. This included new expendi ture of £31,000,000, to neutralise which economies were necessary Overseas settlement in the coming British financial year will cost £500,000, a forward move after a long period, dur ing which much leas has been spent than was estimated. Practically without exception the British newspapers ridicule Countess Cathcart's play, "Ashes." Two Danish airmen left Copenhagen on Tuesday morning in an attempt to fly to Tokio, viu Bagdad, Calcutta, and Bang kok. The trial of five men, Dumini, Viola, Volpi, Poveromo, and Malacria, who aro accused of killing signor Mateotti in July, 1924, has been commenced at Chieti (Italy). The famous Connemarra pony, Cannon Ball, died in 'his 38th year, and was ac corded the honour of an Irish wake. No reply being recognised to a cable* gram to the Australian Government, the British Fruit Traders' Federation nas de cided to proceed with its own advertising campaign to the extent of £7500, th« amount of levies from the growers, brok ers, and talesmen. Fifteen vessels of the Canadian Govern* ment, costing originally £1,600,000, have been sold for £120,000. Owing to the Imperial Conference, tha Secretary of State for the Dominions and Colonies will not be able to visit Aus tralia this year. Two Territorial air force officers were killed and an aerodrome employee injur ed in an aeroplane crash at Christchurch, New Zealand. The barriers preventing the admission of Germany to the League of Nations proved insurmountable owing to the un compromising attitude adopted by Brazil, who threatened to veto the application unless Brazil wa# also granted a perma nent seat on the Council of the League. Sir Austen Chamberlain announced that he could not at present propcoe tlat the Assembly should Admit Germany. Seagrave, in a new Sunbeam speedster, broke the world's record- on Southport sands, doing a flying kilometre (about 1100 yards) at an average in two tests of 14.6385ec., an equivalent of 152.308 miles per hour. The Soviet steamer Oleg, which re cently arrived at Taku, was seized by the Fengtien warships at Taku. A search of the ship revealed enormous quantities of rifles and ammunition, valued about 2,900,000 dollars. The Soviet Vice-Consul at Tientsin went to Taku in an effort to secure the release of the vessel, but was not successful. LONDON, March 18. According to the British Ambassador for America the next world war will be a struggle for markets. The great change that had come over the world had been the conviction that economic causes could dominate history. Dr. Mitchell, senior surgeon to the Liverpool Cancer Hospital, believes that a great discovery bas been made in cancer research that will bring comfort to anxious thousands. An eminent scien* tiat claims to have an invention Cor the de tection of cancer in its earliest stages by a blood test. The South African Senate rejected the Mine Works Act Amendment Bill, popu larly known as the Colour Bar Bill, on the ground that it would inflict a grave injustice on natives. The steamer Largs Bay is held up at Port Said owing to the loss of a pro* peller blade. The opposite blade is being removed to balance the proDcller. A fire broke out c i the steam. Paparoa, which was bound for Brisbane from Liver pool, on Wednesday night, 600 miles out at- sea from Capetown. The vessel was abandoned at 11 o clock at night, the passengers and crew heing taken aboard the Barrabool. The British Overseas Settlement Com* mittee's Estimates for 1926 are double th« amount for 1925. The increases include £264.000 for land settlement, principally (or Canada and Australia. Mr. Alan Cobham has been awarded the Cross* of the Royal Air Force, in re cognition of his services in flying from London to Capetown and back. Further details of the aeroplane acci dent at Christchnrch, New Zealand, show that the killed were:—Captain F. J. Horrell and L. T. Reid, an aerodrome employee, while Lieutenant Turner was seriously injured, but may recover. • The housing shortage necessitated the eviction of a mother and daughter from rooms in Montmartre by means of tear gas. The landlord wanted the rooms for his own son. The women pleaded thit the daughter was born in the flat, and it was impossible to find shelter elsewhere. As they continued to ignore the law, the police were called in. Gas was poured in until the women were compelled to open the door, with tears streaming over their faces. The momentous session of the Leaguo of Nations was closed on Wednesday, when Viscount I&bii; declared that the League must now retrieve its lost position. The extent of the set- back to European settle ment is shown by the crop of issues raised, the most important of which concerns the fade of the Locarno Treaty. The tingolved mystery of the obduracy of Brazil is the centre of much speculation. LONDON, March 19. At tlie London wool markets on Thurs day 10,544 bales were offered. Competi tion remained good, and the bulk sold at firm prices. The Chinese Foreign Office has replied to the ultimatum of the Powers m regnid to the attack on the Japanese warships at Taku. The reply is considered to be natis factory. Therefore the threatened action will not be taken. Colonel John C. Coolidge (father of the President of the United States) died on Thursday night, after a long illness. Mr. Justice M'Cardie, giving judgment in a London breach of promise case, de cided that a girl was entitled to retain the engagement ring. He said he con sidered it curious that after centuries, during which thousands of engagements had been made in hope and dissolved in disillusion, the question of the possession of the ring had uever been determined by direct decision. The Cambridge crew for the boat race had a full-course trial on Thursday from Putney tp Mortlake, taking lUmin. 18sec. The conditions were not so good as for the Oxford trial. Phil, Scott knocked out Frank Goddard in the third round of a contest in I*ondon, and the New Zealand boxer. T. Heeney, defeated Smith, who wns disqualified in the sixth round. Nearly 2000 Europeans—immigrants and settlers for the Western provinces—arrived in Canada in two days, establishing a record in the history of the colonisation of Canada Mias Violet Cordery, the British motorist, has now established ten record* for various distances on the Monica (Milan) track. Crowds are awaiting the completion of her run. whereby she hopes to create a record of 20.000 kilometres. The executive of the League of Nations Union, in London, unanimously carried a motion regretting that Germany was not immediately admitted to the League, and expressing astonishment that Germany's admission was made the subject of secre'. bargains, utterly at variance with the spirit of the League. The feeling is strengthening among mem bers of the House of Commons and the British brnuch of the Empire Parliamen tary Association, favouring a postpone ment of the delegation to Australia till 1927. A fire broke out yesterday in Sugamo, a suburb of Tokio, and destroyed 800 houses. It is estimated that 4000 people are homeless. Chinese guards fired on 1000 student* who were demonstrating before the Cub* met office against the Taku reply. Seven teen Btudenta were killed, and 16 wer* wounded. LONDON, March 19. Hugh Daly (aged 24 years, hotel porter). speaking~~with an Iru?h brogue, was charged at Bow-street with having thrown an ex plosive missile, with intent to do bodily harm at a dinner at the Four Provinces of Ireland Club on March 17. A priest seized him by the shoulder, and took him down* stairs. The magistrate in adjourning the case, refused to grant bail. He «aid it migfcit have been a very serious case indeed. LONDON, March 20. An explosion of a furnace occurred at the Woodward Iron Co.'s works, Bir* mingham (Alabama), on Saturday* per mitting 100 tons of molten metal to es cape. Sixteen men were killed, and 17 were severely injured. The President of Greece (M. Condourio t<s) has resigned. Although confidence was expressed in the new French Ministry by the Cham ber of Deputies on Thursday, it is ques tioned whether the Government will last until Easter. The franc hoc reached the new low record of 137.75 to the £. Following on their refusal to obey the orders of the Government, nine members of the Board of the Bar Association in Spain have been exiled to different pro riuces. The trial of three Hungarians, Janko vitch, Martovszky, and Mankovitch, who were charged at The Hague with at tempting to past forged French 1000 -franc notes, nas ended. Jankovitch was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, ano the others each to two years' im prisonment. Dramatic stories are told of the burn ing of the steamer Paparoa, 500 miles ou«, from Capetown. The captain, with a party of picked eight men, stayed on the blazing ship, their very last act being to go below and open the seacocks to ensure the ship sinking so that it wculd not become a danger to naviga tion. The last of the three aeroplanes be longing to Cuptain George Wilkins' Poiar expedition was wrecked at Fair banks (Alaska) on Friday. This will mean a temporary delay. A terrible discovery was made at Nant wicb (Cheshire, England) oa Thursday, when the Sheriff's officers forcibly en tered the house of three sisters named Nixon. They found the body of tho mother, obviously long dead, and appar ently mummified. Ihe three listens were declared insane, and were removed to an asylum. The report of the Haig British Legion Appeal lund shows that £395,000 was raved by the sale of poppies last Armis tice Day. It has been decided by the Fellowship oL the British Empire Exhibition to its existence, its new sphere of activity being to promote the "Buy Empire Goods" campaign in Britain. In a hockey match on Saturday Eng land defeated Scotland by two goals to oue. In a Rngby match at Twickenham, Scotland defeated England by 17 points to 9. Mr. E. J. Carroll lms purchased the play, "The Best People," wliich was pro duced with unusual success on Wednes day, also the "Ghost Train.'' He has ar ranged for the presentation in London of tlic Australian film, "The Moth of Moon bi." LONDON. March 22. Automatic Totalizators. Ltd., of Sydney, has contracted to inwtall at Longchamps totnliHHtoiw 01 tl?e type used in Sydney. The first machine will be operated by Australians till a French staff has been trained. This, together with the con tract let to Bethcll, Ltd., h the largest commercial transaction yet effected be tween Australia and France. Post Office engineers continued trans- Atlantic wireless telephone experiments to-day. They simply raug from a privute house, and were connected by the usuul trunk-call method to the New York officials' homes. It is expected that a con versation between his Majesty the King, at Buckingham Palace, and PreaidenS Coolidge, at the White Hou?e. will pre cede the openiug of the service to the public. Commenting on the advertising of the prospectus for the New South Wales loan of £4,000,000, the "Financial News" de scribes the issue us an attractive trustee investment, giving a flat rate yield of 102/ per ceut. The "Financial Times" states fchat in view of recent results of 6 per cent, issues the financial advisers of Now South Wales acted wisely in fixing the issue at a di?? count of 2 per cent. At that figure the stock is attractive. According to the London "Daily Ex press" Viscount Cecil has fallen out with M. Paul Bonconr, the French delegate 'at the League of Nations, on the question of disarmaments The paper conclude*: "Apparently France is scared by the growth of the German population, and is seeing nightmares." The Washington correspondent of the New York "Times" states that an errone ous impression appears to prevail in Europe concerning the gloomy representa tions said to have been made to the Washington Government of the conditions Affecting the League and the general European political situation. The Ameri can Government denies that anything Mr. Houghton communicates to it woo dis closed to any unofficial person. Commenting on toe advertising of the prospectus of the New South Wales loan of £4,000,000, the. London "Financial News" describes the issue as an attractive trustee investment, giving a flat rate of 102/ per cent. A public service of Transatlantic wire less telephonic communication between Britain and the United States will be opened shortly. North America is suffering from an out break of a mild form of influenza, and the number of cases is increasing rapidly each day. LONDON, March 23. The London "Daily Chronic;?" says in the quiet village churchyard >f Ripple (Kent) is an insignificant grass-covered mouud, surmounted by a few withered, leafless twigs. This uadly neglected spot is no other than the grave of Karl i'rench of Ypree, the resting place of one of England's greatest warriors. M. Venizelos has telegraphed ?rom Nice (France) to Athens declin:ug to be a candidate for the Presidency of Greece. Speaking in the Reichstag the German Minister ior Forcigu Affairs declared that Germany miMt strive to enter the ijeague of Nations on equal terms with the Great Powers. He said:—"We could not snub the League. Our precipitate return to Berlin would have won us laurel* st home, but would have endangered Germany* world position." A doctorsuip of philosophy has been awarded the Cambridge student, Karrnp, formerly of Canterbury College, New Zea land, for research into the earliest rela tions betweeu England and New Zealand. A cheque for £1200 has been received by the British 8a r*' nud Firemen's Union from ship owners on the National Maritime Board as a first contribution to alleviate distress in families of sea men owing to the recent strike in Aus tralia and South Africa. The law prohibiting the wearing of skirts in Greece more than 14in. from the ground has been brought into force. On Monday a girl of 20 years of age was sentenced to gnol for 24 hours for disobeying the regulations. In view of the feeling in Au'trarlic, the Empire Parliamentary Association in Britain has decided not to suggest a post ponement of the visit of politician* to Australia this year. 