AMUSEMENTS STRAND-VAUDEVILLE AND PIC- TURES. Besides the pictorial programme an- nounced for presentation at tile Strand Theatre to-day, commencing with thc matinee performance, which will be shown for a three days' run only, the programme will be strengthened at thc evening performances by thc appearance throughout the week of the Carlrenos. a clever team of musical entertainers, mind readers, and illusionists, who have just terminated a highly successful seaBon of the Fuller circuit of theatres. Their act, besides being very mystifying, is said to be unusually entertaining, as the use of any old sort of article-even to a gum- leaf-is made to produce thc most melo- dious music. The main pictorial attrac- tion will be the clever and popular Polish emotional actress, Miss Pola Negri, in her latest Paramount dramatic production. "The Crown of Lies," an enthralling dra- matic story of a beautiful young girl im- migrant, and her thrilling adventures in a big city. "Thc Crown of Lies" is credited with being Miss Negri's biggest success, even surpassing her performance in "Bella Donna." The other attrac- tions will bc Pete Morrison and his clever horse ."Lightning," in a stirring comedy dramatic romance, "Chasing Trouble." On Thursday there will be a complete chango with the exception of the Carlrenos, the principal new attractions being Lewis Stone in First National's "Too Much Money," and Hoot Gibson in "The Phan- tom Bullet." "THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA." It can bc safely assumed that few mo- tion pictures of late years have created more widespread interest and amazements than Universals wonderful production of Gaston' Lcroux's celebrated novel, "The Phantom of the Opera," which is to open a season of one week next Monday at the Strand Theatre. The success of tho pro- duction on thc mainland has been phen- omenal. In Sydney its season extended over three months at thc one theatre, while at thc present time it is playing to capacity business at the Auditorium. Mel- bourne, and has been doing so for thc past six weeks. During the Hobart season the production at both the matinee and evening performances will have thc same brilliant musical setting that it has been accotded ii. the other States, aa Mr. Ben Corrick will direct the augmented operatic orchestra in the playing of the original musical score. "Tile Phantom of the Opera" took over two years to make, and thc main section of thc story showing thc famous Paris Opera House is photo- graphed in natural colours. The cast of over 5,000 players is headed by Lon Chaney, Mary Philbin, and Norman Kerry Lon Chancy playB the Phantom, a strange creature of darkness, with the gifts of a god and the face of a monster -and a hate-warped soul. Mary Philbin is the opera singer for whom thc Phantom launches a reign of terror that shakes all Paris, and Norman Kerry is seen as her lover and rescuer. Weird shadows, and thc breathless terror of the unknown, surcharge the drama, contrasted with the brilliance of great fetes and balls, photo- graphed in original colour, and thc ballet and opera produced in a vast replica of thc Paris opera. Thc -Btory shifts to the dim lake five stories below the surface of th> earth. Its twists and ramifications bring gasp after gasp of amazement. Several thousand people take part in thc crowd scenes and spectacles and the settings arc described as gorgeous. CIVIC ORGAN RECITAL. Mr. J. Scott-Power's organ recital at the Town-hall to-day will include, by roquest. the Toccata from WIdor's Fifth Sym- phony. This superb composition was re- ceived with the greatest enthusiasm at the last zeehaL O.H.A. BALL. Thc Old Hobartian Association conclud ed a most successful dancing season on | Saturday, when the 12th anniversary ball was held. The City-hall bad been deco- rated, and there was a large attendance of members of the association and their friends. Among those present were the Mayor (Alderman E. J. Hogers) and Mrs. Rogers, who were the guests of the presi- dent of the association (Mr. P. H. Mit- chell). The arrangements for tho func- tion were capably carried out by the gene- ral secretary, Mr. A. W. Potter. HIS MAJESTY'S. Following upon the success they achiev- ed in "He Who Gets Slapped," Metxo Goldwyn decided to combine thc histrionic talents of Lon Chaney, the character actor, and Norma Shearer in "The Tower of Lies," which will commence a three days' season at His Majesty's to-day. It was adapted from Selina Lagcrloff's prize- winning Swedish novel, "The Emperor of Portmgallia." The picture is unusual also, as it was made by the Europear. director, Victor Saestrom, who is said to have portrayed a story ol extraordinary interest and heart appeal. Norma Shearer takes thc part of Goldy. When thc story opens the child has just been born, hei parents being Jan and Katrina, two hard- working agriculturists whose land is own- ed by kind-hearted Eric Gunnerson. As the years pass, Goldy'grows into a most beautiful girl. She is idolised by Jan, her existence having wrought a wonderful change in tho man's otherwise warped soul. Goldy greatly dislikes the attentions of Gunnerson's nephew, Lars. Ultimately her parents pay the landowner their hoarded cash for the holding, but on the way homo a falling tree kills tho old man. Thc property then reverted to Lars, who repudiates the payment. Faced with ruin, Goldy, to have her parents, decides to go to the city. A few years pass, with no nowa of Goldy and her ultimate return, a sophisticated woman of thc world, in whom, however, Jan can see nothing but the innocent girl who went away, gives both principals wonderful opportunities in i the emotional scenes. Showing also on to-day's programme will be Peter B. Kyne's drama of Mexico, "Bustling for Cupid," featuring George O'Brien and Anita Stewart. An amusing comcdy-cav toon, together with interesting gazettes, will complete the programme. PERCY GRAINGER. Mr. Grainger's chamber music concert on Wednesday night at the Theatre Royal , will comprise the following ¡teína:-Fugue 1 in four parts, A minor by Bach (four pianists ait tiwo pianos). Love Song by the Danish octopoeer, Herman Sandby (two violins, viola, two 'cellos, bass, and har- monium), Dance Rhapsody by Delius (two pianos, four hands), a solo group by Mr. Grainger, including (a) Huraoresquc and (b) Prelude "De Profundis" by Balfour Gardincr; and thc Toccata in C sharp minor by Debussy. Four concerted works, "omposcd by Mr. Grainger, namely, "Thc Two Sisters" ('celia and harmonium), and "Thc Power of Love" (one soprano, violin, 'cello, harmonium, and piano), Zanzibar Boatsong (six hands at one piano), and Children's March (four hands at two pianos). THE CONTINENTAL. I Tn consequence of private bookings thc [ Continental tea dansant on Wednefdny afternoon and the mid-week evening ses- sion will not be held. The Derwent Row- ing Club ball is to be held on Thursday evening, and on Friday afternoon a tea dansant is to take place. There will be a gala function on Saturday night. CHARLESTON EXHIBITION. Special arrangements have been made by thc Palais management with Air. Franco and partner to give an exhibition of thc waltz, fox-trot, and modified or correct Charleston at thc City-hail next Wednesday night. As thc Charleston 's one of the tesl dances in the forthcoming Tasmanian dancing championship, tho winners representing this State in thc Australian championship at thc Wattle Path Palais, Melbourne, those interested will doubtless avail thomscives of this . opportunity and see this exhibition. A special mus eal programme will be render- ed by tho Pavilion dance band. MEMORIAL PIERROTS. The Memorial Picnwts received « fine welcome at Mountain River on Saturday uight Thc crowded attendance were agreeably surprised at thc standard and dressing of the performers, each artist ap- pearing in full Pierrot costume. The pro coeds arc to be devoted to « fund ojwncd by the Returned Soldiers' Protective Asso- ciation for a Memorial-hall to bc erected at Moonah. The next show is at Sorell, on Saturday, October 16. Mr. Robert Steele notifies by advertise- ment that particulars of Jiis £10 Paso Dobie competition will bo announced to- morrow evening at his studio. RIVER TRIPS. The s.s. Dolphin (under charter) is to moke trips to Brown's River and Chan- nel ports on Saturday and Sunday. Re- duced faros arc announced. I The report that an attempt on the life of the Ring of Spain was to have been made while he was passing through Paris en route to London recaÜB the gruesome fact that he has rstablshed a museum which contains a collection of relics of the various attempts made to cut short his career. These grim souvenirs range from thc teat of a feeding bottle used in on attempt to poison him at the age ol eight months, to pieces of thc Barcelona bomb ami the skeleton of a horse killed in an- other bomb outrage. Thc collection also includes a fragment of the landan in which ho was riding with President Lou bct at tho time of the attempt on his liU in th« Hoe do Rivoli, Pari». 