SLEEPING SICKNESS. Is Ii Prevalent in Australia? TASSrIANIAN TRAVELLER'S INDICTMENT. Interc.'tiuc comparisons between Aus Iriilia nnd other countries were made yes le.-d.iy by Mw'A.'W. Montis, who re- - turned by U.M.S. Maloja, after a trip round the world with his wife and daugl,. tcr. -Mr. Monds. who is a leading flour miller m 'J.itninniii. is a member ot the city council of l.auuceslon. and nu ex mayor, n-ni In is n keen student of civic and ccoiuiiuii! matters. HiiiphnsiKiug Australia's isolation from tho old world, Mr. Monds said Hint was a gient factor, loo often overlooked in im migration. People were not w;iliiis („ take n chnncc of travelling ,s,, fal. nfjc|,i ?' when there were other inducement! ?. licnrcr Kii(?lnnil. For instance, it was pos sible for a migrant, to go Troin Grout lliit ain to Canada for the sum of Jt;i, nnd to the \vi stern pniviiuws of the Dominion for i'li. It was not much money to risli anil it was not far to return if things 'ilitl not turn out successfully. People com ing to Australia felt Hint they were buns- - ing, their boats behind theui, and many pi: rents- were loth to let their sons como, here, while they hud small objection to . allowing than to go to Canada. While' thin prejudice' existed, immigration would nlwn.vts lie diiiicult. 'There in too much dependence on tl.u Kovuriiiiu-nt in Australia,'1 .- B;iid Jlr, Aloud.--, '.hi America, both in the Stales and in Cunnda, the people are willing to ilc- things tor themscivcs, without nhvay.i j dying on Government aid. Hero we help with thousands of pounds of public; money the meat industry, the' fruit industry',' tliV' ?' , sugar ? industry— in fact, nearly every con-, tern that wishes --to do foine exporting clamors for n bounty. Yet 1 found that Ausl.rnlian mciil and dried . f mils were ?.dually i-hciipcr in London than they aiv 1» ro. It is the same with other tiling. When Ihe Cnimdiau-Piicilic railway wai started the company was given great toii ecssiutis of land, ami to-day it is settling Hint laud with immigrant.'. I was at » bii; show in one of the Canadian towns, i'lid there Was a huge marquee tout erected by the Cnnndinn-l'neilie railway, in which were displayed all the best esiiiii pics of the produce of. tho laud wliinh . they were settling. I\lcn wore there sell ing land for the company, nnd altogether ; there wns a'. spirit of enterprise that onu no much misses in Australia. That Mine ? spirit was missed at the different Aus tralian ports we called al. Al evciy overseas port, there were numerous veil dors of nil kinds of wares on the wharvc.-i placing their goods at our service, mill anxious to do business. What a contrast in Australia ! At Fi'cinnnllo a few taxi drivers leisurely offered to drive us to Perth and back for i'.'i, and did not miuii to care a tinker's curse whether wo went or not. In any ovei-feiiH povt we wnnkl have been sin rounded w-ith people offer ing every imaginable kind of service. Tlio Australian cither hn.s loo much money, or hi.' is too lazy to bother about making After disembarking, Mr. Mo mis went U' .; Iho post otlico to send a telegram to Liiuu- ; ccston. To his astonishment he was in formed that ns yesterday was a public ? i holiday in Launceston, il was no use : sending a telegram, an it would not, he de livered there. , ; 'In America, where the telegram busi ness is viiii by private companies,' he said, 'everything possible is done for the pub- ' lie. For insj.auccc, I was in California last Easier, nnd at the beginning of tliu holiday.-! special telegram forius, for tho sending of JCaster greetings, were placed iu our rooms by the Union-Pacific Co., nnd we '.vcre allowed special rates for the ! holidin- wire?. Again, what a contrast! At. all the big hotels there the telegraph' companion have established offices, and tlie convenience is largely availed of. Many people Ronil telegrams when: they would ii: Australia, for want of better facilities, . be compelled to send letters.' f Mr. Monds travelled extensively on tli« ' ? Continent, nnd was particularly impressoil ?- with the efficiency of tho Danish people in ?- their organisation of the dairying indu' try. Seventy-live per cent, of the butter produced is sent to Britain. Very stri.-t .-? attenion is paid to the standard of Hie stock. Xc one is nllowed to sell cows -. without a. Government permit to do so. Intensive culture is gone in for, most ol the holdings beinif less than 200 ncres in. extent, while ensilage is. so largely use'l Hint in the wnitcr the output of butler h actually slightly in excess of the summer '?_:.;. output. ? ? 