EVERYDAY . . . AND . . . EVERYBODY 1 By the Roadside Ki:.<II»i:NTf %t orange ami Hath- 111-1 .H-trl'hi .IP- Miffrred ai pre- ; ..it: i.. .in an t<\ t-plu.-' of e.srilemcnt. The re.i.-oa 1- I he big blue 'bus Willfil ' make.- ;k t.di.iMt nl-wcek1y attempt hi I.'.eii Fkdocy ami Orallgc alter - ! f'M.iii hie.s Wave adieu in the s«or- ! t'lt'-i il |.-:tv»s itx Starling Iiolnt to mi i tie (heat Dividing Ibnige. . Ilui titiivj h manage lo achieve . |i> doi i t : i leo wiihetu meeting >olilc !eh>i:i.1e to reiard Its progress. , |.:,s| ert'k on the down Journey the 1 'bus m.tu.igcil to gather In ii broken 'ovie. (in the up Jeiiniey. h»wever. : things grew worse. All records were ; 1 sinashe.i when tlie passengers, hav-j | Ing alighted to watch events, shoal j calmly by while tlm great chariot iIksIo'iI two hundred yards across the roiolwav and claudiered up an Aus tralian gum tree. ! Tlo r» It lies en the Great Western | lltoad: Three thuusaiid pounds worth; ' ef shiny mechanism. Four men audi !n moioe cycle am) side. car stand j 'guard ovtM' its corpse. M<»o«"t smash- j i ed. gears twisted! Si>uve»tlr hunters arc about. In days to come such me-1 moiitues may prove of historic ln-i rtom. Meantlino— well, there's alwayw! ibe chance of a spare part being Milusblc to a traveller on the road. Winning Slogans PPIIK winner of the slogan contpp- x tillon proi.uued by the Umllo U road cast lhircuu Is Mrs. K, Dent, of 131 Hussex Ftreet. Fydtiey, whqse slogan. "Itadlo mukes your leisure pleasure," was adjudged by u special committee to he the best of IMIU! received. The tlrst prize was live guineas, a cheque for which amount has been sent to Mrs. Dent. Tho second prize of two guineas was awarded to Krttt II. I'ldltlps. Imdon Chambers, »! uxford Street. Sydney, who sent In the slogan. "Danish Icdium-v- radio's the nwdlum." A cheque for two guineas has been posted lo Mr. Phillips. The Judges were Messrs. Albert Mit chell, president, Australian Journal ists' Association: W. F. l.elghton Itallry, treasurer, Institute of Jour- nit lists; and W. A. Watt, editor. "Wire- less Weekly." Plucky Youngster VVilll.); driving tome h..i>«-s into a paddock, a Ityroii Day lad. Itoy Itrown. received u kick on the leg. which was broken below the lener. Without waiting for assistance he set out to rid" to Mullumhimhy, where he urrlvcd In an exhausted condition. Smilingly tho hoy told of Ills plight. Willing hands assisted him off his mount and carried him to a private hospital, where his Injured limb was set. and where he now lies Impatient ly waiting lo be up nnd doing again. $ # v Popular Cleric YTI8 forty years since ltev. Fr. Wil- Hums, of Muliumhimby. put on tho order of Mnlchlzednk. The peo- plo of the town, of all denomination, did not let the event go by unheeded. They gathered £100 and presented H lo hiin. $ Father Williams w:in one of the ear liest priests of (he district, and Ids name Is honored far and wide because of his many Christian acts and charlt- ubleness, irrespective of all denomina tions. » Voices in the Air TpOR the flrst time the voices of the King, tho Queen, nnd the I'rinco of Wales were heard in Australia yester day by radio. The Jtoynl family were not speaking personally, but record of their voices were broadcast by station 'JFC at 2.30 In tho afternoon, simultaneously with the opening of the record factory of the flrunmphono Co. Ltd. by the Premier, Tho re marks of the King am) Queen took the form of un Umpire IMy niessuge to hoys and girls, and the Prince of Wales' record wim an address on sportsmanship. The records were the llrst made by the Grumnplmnc ! Ships of Yesterday I A I'TLit a \\..vago m 20 days irmu Uls- ,Ji borne ( New X-ahinih. the »rmv | Moioro arrived here shortly before A she beal up slowly from the cast, the white of In i sails and the dark color of her hull formed a glnrlutlH contrast to the sparkling blue of the sea. Il L- not ofte,, that sailing ships come I lo Sydney hi these days of steam and ' motor- propelled vessel, but perhaps I ho romantic glamor thai has always surrounded them is belter appreciated . when they <lo happen along. There Is lit tin doubt, too. that the bailors ure fast disappearing from the ( Not no many year ago any amount j of their kind was to be een lying about ' the pretty little buys and inlets of j rivdney Harbor.. i la thus days they were proud nnd j stately ships, with brlghtly-palntcd i bulls ami grnrcful tnnts that stretched far up into the sky. Hut nuc by one they nailed their Inst voyage, and to-day ninny of them are dill to he seen In the harbor. They are. however, no longer the "tall ships" of the poet's dream. Their glory has departed. Hlaek- onrd with the dirt and grime of yours, their proud masts sawn off on a level with the decks or chopped out alto gether. they nre towbd hither nnd thither by greasy lugs belching forth smutty smoke. To-day they are merely hulks — plain Utilitarian hulks— broken and battered ghosts of their former stntellnes. In the upper reaches of the harbor many a ouo-tlmo smart clipper Hp In decay, the barnacles and creon weed thick on the bottoms that once slid so easily through tile mean rollers. To tlmse of » romantic turn of mind. It L a pity Indeed; but the steamer or inntorshlp has proved n hotter proposi tion from n commercial standpoint, and romance nnd commercialism have no thing nt all in common. He Likes Sydney CYDNI2V to Lord Allenhy always had a kindly feeling, he sold at yes terday's uivlo reception, because of IiIh association with the N.S.W. J.nn- cers In Durban during tho ltoer Wur. deferring to the remarks uf the political speakers, Lord Allcnby ob served that soldiers In a sense must Interest ihemselvvs In politics; that was In Imperial politics, "I don't touch tho lower politics," he drily add ed, a remark which ruused hearty laughter, in which he joined, as he suw the directness of his words. Tim CUy of Sydney, the visitor re minded his hearers, whs only 74 yearn older than himself. It had mado ab normal progress in that short time, and we had hem the nucleus of a grout Umpire. The two great need were population and enterprise. The latter, lie admitted, we alreudy bad. nnd In immigration the other could he stimu lated. Futile Firing 1>ANGIN< and roaring, belching lurid llame and Jet-black Mnuke many guns boomed along the Har bor front ycstcrdny. The gun spoke to celebrate the de parture of the French sloop of war, i.'usHlopee, nnd the arrival of the Bri tish cruiser Delhi. The i.'asHlopec sailed away after having had an overhaul and clean-up. and the Delhi arrived to take the plum .of ILM.A.H. Melbourne, under an exchange agreement. It was all very picturesque and awesome— but oh, how futile' » if A few hundred ferry passengers and llarborslde resident appreciated It as something unusual. But the millions of taxpayers— most of thetn In Hrltou or France, hut qutto u number in Australia — never even heard their money going up in smoke and flame. And another sad phase of it was that millions of them novcr knew that it wus happening. uourt interludes a rc\iT.duii to i.u'inc'i "..c,, «l »hc <-cil- 'l-.u Mi. ice (..oiiil >VMW'»i.iy, mo il »»»'. licMl' rs, ot toe Ci won Law U'.icv, rc- lusvu iv ivnoi i a uvcumciit tor iu> "''i'hi'ivu II II <:«url." o.Nlll.-iilicil li.»l,cra. "bul I in" »'« lu R''"lu' Hilt I ileiimli.l ul'b'i'il Ml'- I don't turf- I doii'l tuiwUlcr It ivl. wiiit." I-I'I'IU-'I Mr. IbumW!. rulnily. "Tho I'nlirl will drrl'l" l"? the rojolnil.-r tr.'i" Mr. Mark. r>u » rrjirearitlallva "Itl. rr ahatllil IJJ t ' « ii|iun hlnmcir tu ilirbl" m 1" wlKll'or a . ilonnnral l„ rrlcvual ur "ul I" « gross Impertinence!" Mr. Uodgers gave the bag containing the document In an ofllcer, who U,®'rc upon departed from the court with It. Mr. Mn«k sprang to his feet. That Is contempt of court. 1, be exclaimed, drumallcnlly. 'If that document I not banded I" Immedi ately 1 will nsk for un adjournment ho that 1 may consult the Attorney- General." The F.M. looked distressed. "Is the paper relevnnt?" he a»keo. Mr. Mack was dednite. "H> win he able lo answer thai : que Htm after v" have seen It. he sain. A tense silence rebrned In .r,,L for two minutes. Mr. Mack nnd .jr. Nlierldun wnlte.1 tar Mr. move. He motioned for the "urn "Verv well." ne eubn.lt ted quietly. Calm wae restored. _ The "Good Oil" AT h certain Jewish ceremony last Sunday, held In the vicinity of Centennial Fork, the "g«'>;t ul1 na freely a the milk and honey of the l'rnmlacd Land. ts V Hev. Flnfchl. the Hebrew pastor, at the conclusion of the meeting, raised IiIn bands and blessed those present, ending his oration with the wuitl, "MozzletofT' (Good luck). These words seemed to Inspire ime of the congregation— M. Hosen— who. Jumping u> hi feet, exclaimed earn estly. 'Thank you. pastor, and don t forget Vnrttt Muzzle on luesduy. Yurta Mozzle is In two races at Kninbki to-day. Aid to British Sailors rpitK total sum collected by the varl- ous X.F.W. unions and other or ganisations exclusive of the wom en's committee on behalf of the hng- lish seamen during their recent, strike was £9342/17/6. . . _ , At present ofllciuls of the Trades and Igtbor Council nre compiling a statement of the collection and dis tribution of the funds, and In the course of a few days this will be made public. "Jingler's" Soliloquy KI2LLKWAY niust go to England.— All the Kxperts. If Shakespeare were alive to- day He'd surely write l»out Kellaway, "To go, or not lo go!" he'd surely »>'» Rre L'olllns' men do sail away. The question Is of great concern. It's given some folk qutto n turn: It really made their anger burn Mnvbe things will not he quite so a Ah. well-u-Uay! Alas! Alack! Maybe thinks will not he quite so black. And Herble. Clem and also Jack Will say to Charlie. "Go and pack. <t Then will the public laugh. "IIo. ho! "Tliov hpp It now, lies' got to go. "If he did not 'twould bust the fihow, "It's come nil right. We told you «o." Imported Pests TMUDH from elsewhere have proved more destructive to Australian or chards and farms than natives. Or- talnly the magpie and nllvrreye will take fruit Juice In hot weather, but only when they cannot get water or Julcv Insert. The sparrow and starling the heat even more than indigenous Urdu and their ravages nre much greater. Now. the Indian bulbul Is added to the list. He 1 worse than any, accord ing to ncrount. The'blrd-lover went to great pain to Inquire Into his conduct before de claring him "out of bounds." It tip- pears, however, that he will pull up young vegetable. destroying much more than he est — like an npnunum 1n on npplo tree, L ho been stated that all the tribe of bulbiils to be beard cheerfully chir ruping around Sydney are defended from a single pair that escaped from Sydney Botanic Gardens. 