King Island Agricultural Producers' Association. A representative meeting of above body was held at the town hall on Monday; evehing, 20 persons being present. Mr T. Graham occupied the chair, and; in bis opening remarks, said the object of the assocjatipiijwas' to assist agricultural production hn. King -Island in any wa y, particularly the cultivation of potatoes, onionkarid other root crops. Cultivation meant more steamer freights and increased carrying capacity of the land. With this it. was : hoped in the, next thn yeara'to show /greater -advancement than in the past period. Interchange of ideas was good, as what benefited one was also beneficial to' the other. Their secretary, Mr -P. Woods ( whose- absence he apologised for) had rec ently. interviewed the Director of Ag riculture, who was'sympathetic to the movement, but stated he could dp nothing at present, as he had no of ficers available to send over ; however, he promised that the Island would get a fair share of the officers of the department in future. Hethe speak er) considered shipping should be their first plank, while important matters were afforestation, "immigration - pro posals and experimental plots - As regards the latter, he had interviewed the deDartment re their establishment two years ago, but there had not been sufficient "kick" from the Island to materialise the movement. The de partmental officers assured him that whoever made the most "noise,"- got the most attention. - .. Mr E. -Johnstone . considered., that the present shipping debarred produc tion- for- export ; .it. was impossible to pay up to £2 5/ per ton ih charges. What was desired was cheap freight fpr- export of products. The ohairman considered they first should show they had something to export; freight 'equal ...to that from Burnie should suffice. Thev should battle for the State to-, oontiriue to maintain the service. He moved, Mr Jobuscone seconded, that the mem bers of Parliament be communicated with in the endeavor to assure a suit able service to King Island — Carried. Messrs J. Attrill and T. A. Hola- han moved, that Immigration Com mission be got in touch with with, a view ,to settlement of: migrants oh the Islaud.— Carried. Messrs- J; Bishop and E. Milsom moved, that a visit of the Government potato expert he .requested, also the establishment of\ experimental plots of various kinds and conduction of manure tests.— Carried. Mr Milsom said he approached the Government re experiments-a couple of years ago, and they referred him on to the Federal Bureau of Science, which had sent samples of imported- grain seeds ; however, these proved no better than ordinary varieties. Mr Johnstone - said the effects of top- dressing was very marked- with cattle', which seemed to graze - about half '.the. time they did .on land not top dressed, The difference in production was- also marked. Mr J. E. Hooker raised the question us to whether a better rale for man ure could not be secured from Tas- manian manufacturers, and the chair man explained that such had been endeavored, but without avail, "Vic torian firms being cheaper, and would be cheaper still if requirements were bulked into about 50- ton lots. Messrs Hooker and Johnstone mov ed, that the sheepbreeders' associa tion be co-operated with in the move ment for reduction in sheep freights. —Carried. Mr Lowsby, of the Gippsland and Northern Co-op. Co., who has been visiting the Island siuce Sunday, then addressed the gathering. '-- He said he was pleased to see they.,, were taking an active interest in organisation! He had been concerned with co-operation for 26 years, and could assure them of its value. The farmer was back ward in organisation, which went a long way towards why he was the poorest paid member of the commun ity. Though he considered the same end could have been secured (through the present co- operative bodies in each State) without its passing, he .eulogised the effects'; secured by. the recently passed "Dairy Control Act. Concessions in insurance had meant £40,000 and in freight £120,000 to the butter and cheese industry. The better handling had brought . Austral ian butter up in the market. The best Australian . and "New- Zealand were about equal, with Danish slight- ly better in quality, largely due to. a nearer market. ; Last year Australian, butter was 9/ cwt behind N.Z. . and 36/ behind Danish ;. now it was.5/10 and 15/10. The 'products' publicity campaign, which was to spend £50, 000, should make a further difference. The Patterson stabilisation scheme meant close on' £2.000,000 to the Australian dairymen this season. Forty per cent, of the butter was ex ported. The strike in England re duced the purchasing power and also prices. - . Iu Victoria they were keen on unity movements, particularly as regards dairy products, and nothing but good could result, provided every aobion was followed up strougly — and they must keep hammering away. . In reply to questions, Mr Lowsby regarded high prices for butter a thing of the past (Argentine and Russia had increased their pre-war figures by 50%.- to 300,000 ton's) ; herd-teBt- ing was increasing,- as any means whereby efficiency in cpst.of. produc-. tion.was obtained should be availed of; and 'that, the margin between dairy butter and. that in the. scheme was Widening. A- vote of; thanks to the ' speaker, carried by acclamation, closed the meeting;, 