SUMMARY. It is revealed that the man who threw a bomb at Mussolini had been living at Mar- seilles. Investigations indicate that it was not the isolated deed of an anarchist, but an elabor- ately hatched plot. Other arrests have been made, but the identity of those persons has not yet been disclosed. A Paris newspaper comments on Signor Mussolini's declaration against tolerance to the guilty across the border. Action cannot be taken against foreigners in France, it says, simply because they dis- approve of their home Government's policy. No news has been received at Rangoon from Mr. Alan Cobham since Friday, when he telegraphed from Victoria Point. It is suggested in London that Mr. Cobham's delay may mean that his seaplane has been damaged. General Primo de Rivera, the Spanish dicta- tor, is seeking to establish a new type of Parliament in Spain. As a preliminary, he is seeking a vote of confidence by national plebiscite. In a country where women are not en- franchised, he has given plebiscite votes to all over 18 years of age. Organisation of the poll has been left to the Union Patriotica, the Spanish equivalent of Mussolini's Black Shirts. The British cruiser H.M.S. Hawkins, aboard which is Prince George, has arrived at Han- kow. Already, it is stated, its presence has had a moderating effect on the tension of the past few days. A statement has been issued by the Premier of Greece regarding the conduct of the com- ing elections. He is ready to resign and allow some Cabinet to conduct the elections, he says, on certain conditions. These include the party leaders accepting the proportional representation system of voting. A British firm has received an order from the Danish Government for a seaplane for the Danish naval air service. The order was secured against keen com- petition of many foreign firms. Extraordinary enthusiasm marked the initia- tion at Waterford of a new Opposition party in Irish Free State politics. At a crowded meeting, Captain Redmond declared that the time had come for Ireland to make a fresh start. British imports of foreign coal in August were valued at £7,500,000, as against only £1700 in August last year. The general election to be held in Canada is described as the most unusual political campaign in the dominion's history. Members of the St. Barnabas war graves pilgrimage have returned to London after visiting Gallipoli and Salonika. The Maori Rugby Union football team de- feated a team at Marseilles by 87 points to nil. In a two miles race at Berlin, Wide, a Swedish runner, beat Paavo Nurmi, the Fin- nish champion, by 20 yards. Mr. P. V. Loughlin, Minister for Lands, forwarded his resignation as Minister to the secretary of the Labour party last night. He announces that he has done this in order to contest the party leadership to-day. Mr. Loughlin, in a statement, refers to the failure to institute an inquiry into the brib- ery charges made against caucus members. He also mentions the failure to call a special A.L.P. conference after a requisition had been lodged asking for it. Arrangements are practically complete for the reception of the Empire Parliamentary delegation after they reach Sydney on Fri- day. Members of the Federal Government or Par- liament will act as conductors of the members during their tour of the Commonwealth. In Auckland yesterday the Marquis of Salis- bury said the delegation wished to create an Empire union of hearts and sympathies. "If we can do that," said he, "we need have no fear for the future of the British Empire." Mr. Arthur Henderson said the primary question was how population might more scientifically be distributed. Lady Cecil, wife of a delegate, will remain some weeks in New Zealand investigating the position of women migrants. Sir Robert Gibson was yesterday elected chairman of directors of the Commonwealth Bank in place of Mr. J. J. Garran, resigned. He has been a member of the board of direc- tors since the bank's reconstitution in the year 1921. Since January last he has been acting chair- man of the board during Mr. Garvan's absence from Australia. Dr. Earle Page, Acting Prime Minister, said yesterday that Sir Robert has rendered sig- nal service to the Federal Government. At Friday's meeting of the Federal Cabinet several appointments will be considered, in- cluding that of governor of the Commonwealth Bank. The choice of members of the Canned Fruits Expert Control Board will also be considered. Lieutenant-General Sir Harry Chauvel said yesterday that the Australian people should consider their dependence on outside oil sup- plies. The present stage of our industrial civilisa- tion, he said, might be termed the oil era. The nation which is deficient in oil resources will be handicapped in the acute economic competition looming ahead. Mr. W. A. Holman, K.C., outlined a scheme yesterday for settling surplus population from Britain in Australia. He assumed that New South Wales should absorb about 20,000 immigrants every year. Australia, as a whole, might take 75,000 migrants each year, Queensland taking 50 per cent. of this number. Yesterday's count of the referendum figures showed a majority of 369,743 votes against the Government's industry and com- merce proposal. The majority against the essential services proposal was 398,464. The New South Wales figures show a slight decrease in the majority on the industry and commerce question. On the essential services question the ma- jority in favour was reduced to 8586 in the New South Wales vote. It is expected in Labour circles that the next Eight-hours demonstration will receive Labour's full support. Both the Labour Council and the Austra- lian Labour party have agreed to co- operate. A breakdown at the vehicle ferry ramp at Fort Macquarie has caused a suspension of that service. All traffic has consequently been diverted to the Dawes Point-Blue's Point service, and traffic has been delayed. Four persons were injured by the overturn- ing of a motor car at Black Hill, Newcastle, early yesterday morning. An agreement respecting wages and condi- tions of work for wool and basil workers has been filed in the Arbitration Court, Melbourne. The late Mr. F. W. Osborne, of Wollon- gong, in his will bequeathed several thou sand pounds to metropolitan hospitals. He also left £2000 to the Wollongong Dis- trict Hospital, as well as bequests to religious institutions. Subscriptions promised towards the Univer- sity's £100,000 Cancer Research Fund have now reached the sum of £60,684. Business in investment stocks was quiet yesterday on the stock Exchange, but prices as a rule were unchanged. Commonwealth loans were a shade firmer, but State loans were without alteration. In the mining share market there was a strong demand for scrip of base metal inter- ests. Forecast.—Generally fine, except for a ten- dency to some isolated showers about the coast and northern tablelands; moderate day temperatures, and rather cold night, with some frosts. Westerly to south-westerly winds, becoming fresh and squally at times on the coast. The "Herald" index appears on page 10. 