Women at Work The life of an Immigrant. An interesjing .experiment was made by Iiord-.add :-Lady Agsley, who, it wiii be remembered, topic up a block in -Western Australia, in order IA finrf out fnr toem. ielves exactly waati.tue iite or ; the imm; praut warlike. Lady Apsley has written 1- series of particles for English Tyomen, ;n which she tells what her own impres sions wereA.She writes in thd first' 'oi these:— 'Jiy- husband satisfied! himseJf.; ihat 'tHere' is a good chancd .for vail' rqung men willing to work on toe -land R'ith a desire to succed. Australia,- seeina ible to take '.as '.HiHay. .^oung. \^o'mcn'aS Jomestic helps in' the country, districts 'as' ire can send her, with varying pay, good conditions, and a status similar to that of the family.'' Referring to settling men oil the land, she says that many ;men are inxious tb go on the land, butiithey-vdid. not seenv able to get enough women o[ the right .type to share a settler's. - litf. with them. ' It is sometimes said/lipe '.cofie. tinues, that tlie life ia too hard -or ioo. lonely for a woman, but the fjict remains that there are hundreds of - healthy, happy, contented settler wives*. .She sug gests as the, ideal, for * young'- man . to make a stall, and save as ipuchr- -au ?- he can for a fewj years, then start on his own, marry; and' settle down on nis pvru land. Careers .ajt Sea. ? ' \\. \J Until fecekt years the only occupation^ that a wo'mjin could find at sea was that of stewardess. With the development of ocean transport, however, other, and, more attractive, pdsts have been opened up. ,'-A matrofi-of a ship has an interesting position, which only a capable, tactful, aftd' intelligent woman can occupy satis factorily: There are many important andt'difficult duties to fulfil, and any iiAOMin who undertakes such a task must b^jjrepared to submit herself to routine ind 'iliscipline as rigorous as that in hoa pitalv!or office. ' j^j'e have become familiar with the Tv-brnsjn! matron who accompanies . parrtics of imnjigrant girls to Australia-. -It is in their .-tower' materially to afreet ? the -mt- Id6b'.«f- thdse girls, who eoiiie to ninko theit7home&;in a new country,- .; -. v, ?. ?? --';-.:? ?.'?. ? .' ? ? -! All Cunidiant passenger ships are bound by law to carry a.coiiductress. The Cana dian Government has decreed that no unaccompanied woman going to thu. dominions 'to' enter the field of domestic ?service shalj' travel by a boat tnat does not contain^ such an official. ; While there are as yet comparative!}1 few- of what' might bo called 'higher grade' -posts 'open to women at sea, 'there ark opportunities on some liners for qualU fied. stenographers and typists. American-- Colleges. Jliss S. . J. Williams, principal of . t !-e . Woman's College, Sydney University, who has .just ^returned from a nine months' holiday ..trip to England and America, giveV an Interesting account of many of tho most important of the American women's colleges, including Bryu Mawr, Vassar, Smith, Cornell, Wellesley, and Radcliffe. Luxurious-: accommodation and facilities for sport'- and outdoor -exercises, arc pro v;9ed rh tlie colleges, SIisb Williams says. E|ich' college has a natural lake iu thf grounds, wliere the students can row in summer and ekate in winter. Swim ljiiing. pools are provided in n sepiiratc Jiuilduig.- There is a perpetual flow oi water into the pool, and in winter the atmosphere is heated to 'Q deg. Tho ?pools are also fitted with automatic steri lizers: which clear the water each day. Compulsory use of the fresh watel shrfwers* before and after the dip is re quired of the bathers: and in some of th'j colleges. Miss Williams said, she saw elec tric hot air machines for drying the girls' hair. .'. Bryn 'Mawr is now offering an annual scholarship for foreign women. There are eight vacancies to be filled, and tho scholarship includes free board, residence, and tuition for an academic year. Appli cants must have a B_A.. degree. The scholarship is valued at 720 dollars. Bryn Mawr owes much of its fame to this resident scholarship for foreigners, and its cosmopolitan roll call of students in cludes British, French, German, Dutch, Scandinavian, Danish, Italian, Spanish) Hungarian, Swiss, and Czccho-Slovakian; women graduates. 