Novelty in Neivs and Views (By PETER. B. KYNE.) (All Rights Reserved.) 6^T^iiOlU time to-lime.:' Cuppv Kicks |~i announced u> Mie Bilgewater Club one clay at Jnac'ieon, '"as I toddle i h rough lii'e. I read in the m 'gazines repeated references to tlie Nordic race. I have never met a member of the Nordic race. What do they look, like? 3 don't tliinlc we kue\v anything- about" the Nordics when 1 \va> ,t hoy in school—although," the <>1(1 gentleman added, "so many things have happened in tlie hist hundred years that I sup pose 1 might he pardoned for overlooking some of t hem." "Why. you've seen and talked to ien thousand Nordics," J. Augustus Redell answered the old gentleman. '"I daresay you nave a thousand of them on your payroll right now." "I, don't keep in very close Touch with the business since I retired ten years ago, and I suppose the class of labor we employ changes with the years. Gns, what is a Nordic?" "A Nordic.'' 3.1 r. Kedell re plied. "is a Squarehead. Any thing that stumbles over the letter J. is a Nordic. When ever you hear a man say: 'Aye lank aye shall go to vork for tie Nordern Pacific, that man's a Nordic." "You mean he's a Swede?" "Or a Norwegian." , "Or a Dane." Ulysses Grubb added. , "Or a Finn." said young AI Hayes, who. having lately en tered into a partnership with Eddie, had been duly admitted to the Bilgewater Club. "Fin surprised at your ig norance, young feller."' Oappy reproved Mr. Hayes. "A Finn's a Mongolian, and any professor of entomology will tell vou he is." "A professor of entomology.'' .Mr. Hayes replied, stung at Happy's rebuff, "is one who pro fesses to know all about bugs." •'Well." Gappy retorted. "siren t an Finns bug-bouse? Ail those who work 011 Pacific Coast steam schooners are. They've crazy enough to fight .1 band-saw." "Well, if they're Mongolians, the immi^ra lion authorities do not lcnow it. sir. A Finn can come into this country anil remain here without putting up a bond—like a Chinaman or a Jap, or a Korean." "He gets by on his eyes, lmt some one of ihese bright days they'll tag him for his • •hoek bones," Gappy retorted. •'Germans are Nordics, too," Mr. Redell .'uided. in the interest of diversion. "They're Teutons," Cappy challenged. "Well, aren't the other Nordics Scandin avians 7 Anything with blue eyes and fair hair is a Nordic." Cappy declared he knew a mulatto who had both, and wanted to know where the Scotch, English, and Irish came in. He informed rhe company that lie had quite a, number of red-headed and blue-eyed Irish and Scotch in his employ, with the same color-scheme predominating in the Swedish elemeut. There upon Mr. Redell explained that these little forget-ine-uots of race hail''been' presented to i:he Eiiglfel), Irlsli, and Scotch' free gratis J )y,:, t'he''''Norsenit>h:/.o:r'''';'^'N"ordicsV'':who'vc6nqnevecl;' Every Swedish, Danish, or Norwegian Nordic I have ever krowi could hide me in one leg cf his trousers. those countries centuries ago. "Why, even you are a Nordic, Cappy." lie added. "By golly. I have never acted like one.' Cappy protested, remembering hazily the high lights in his fifty-odd years of experience with lusty , Scandinavian woodsmen and sailors. "I'm a half portion, too, whereas every Nordic—that is, every Swedish. Danish, or Norwegian Nordic I have ever known— could hide me iu one leg of his trousers. I have never been able to drink to excess, and on the few occasions when I did get slightly jingled, I found it impossible to turn to in the morning. I never knew a Nor dic on the Ricks payroll who couldn't get sirunk, licked, and arrested Saturday night and Sunday, and turn up on the job cheerful and happy Monday moriiing, provided I bailed him out." "The Nordics are the dominant race. Your argument proves it. In the old days they conquered everything, including Ireland, the unconquerable." "Then they didn't make it stick. Gus. be cause every long-shore gang of pure Nordics lias a little Irishman telling it where to beiul hi. (itis. if you roll down a map of the world ;ujd ask me to point ro the f-pot where tlx* dominant rnoo hails from, I'll <Ijow run Palestine! You present a Nordic with a good swift Ici<-ic calculated to dislodge a kidney ...-stone; and You've got to whip hiuj to got away with if. Therefore, the price you pay f«>r. t" tl»e privilege is much too high. Kick :ni ox lie from Palestine, however, juni he'll back away ami iook .it yon pained and mi n rrised—ma ybo. A nyitow. you know in :<dvanoe lie's either going t>» do Hint or romemher he's descended from Piivid and Goliath and knock you for throe miles of sau sage." "Or else he'll blow a police whistle, and haw yon arrested and sue you for damages—and collect them, of part of them.'* Jir. lledell interposed. "'Which proves he's the dominant race—at least in lilt: head. Why should he as Miriiiate swift kicks when a policeman is paid to assimi late them I'm- him? The Nor die makes you pay his way. for the privilege of kicking him. so why shouldn't' Isaac make you pay his way also. However, to got back to what I was going in say: If this member of the dominant race from Palestine backs away and looks hurt when you kick him. you will not kick him again. A Nordic or an al leged Nordic is just so built radically that he loses interest, in kicking his neighbor unless he sets a ■■■■kick out of it too. So. having failed to start some thing with Isaac, he picks on 01 e. and while he and Ole are going to it with all the en thusiasm of a pair of town hoys killing a snake. Isaac is busy selling suspenders and near jewellery to the boobs who have gathered to witnos the festivities. "You're begging the question. (■Jappy. What we need in this country is the immigration oi' Nordics; nevertheless w<-> havo them under the fool quota system of our recent foolish immigration law. They being desirable material for the future citi zenry ot' this country, are graciously per mitted to .spare us only a hundred of their excess population. ""Well, I must admit you're right. Gus—if you can get a thousand Nordics who will jii'" ceed to learn our language, in spite of the j*.« in ir. give us some real sailors, and farmer-*. :ind dairymen, and at least, make a bluff tlmt they know the difference between the Demo crats and Republicans. "Speaking of Nordics and their reputation for being the dominant race, reminds me of the case of Iians Peterson, who used to be bosun on our steamer Tillicum. Hans got lired for neglect of duty. and. for some reason not quite clear to auybody except Hans, lie blamed the first assistant engineer for it. He didn't know the first assistant engineer (Nordic engineers never stay on the same ship long enough to get acquuhited with the engines), so lie watched 011 the dock all clay until he saw a greasy individual hurrying down tlie dock to buy a beer across the street. "Hans hailed him. saying: "Bane you de first assist;uit engineer? The man happened to be Terence P. lieardon. our present port engineer, and at that time he was second assistant on the Tillicum. However, being Irish and- contrary, he saw no reason why lie should belittle himself, so, in all innocence, he told Hans he was the first assistant, and inquired politely what he could do for him. •Veil.' Hans replied, if you can lick me das all right.' and he made a pass at Terence. Terence dodged and replied: 'Well, bad cess to ye. I can do that nicely.' and he did. knocking all the dominance out of Hans, while you'd be counting ten over him. By the way," Cappy concluded, ''all of the chief engineers of the Blue Star Navigation Company are Irish." "Why. Cappy? Do you think they're dom inant?"' "Ulysses Grubb asked. "No, but they're mighty domineering,"' Cappy replied. "They're the only people I know of vrliu can get work out of a Nordic." 