Sleeping Sickness Is It Prevalent in Australia? : Travellers Indictment , Interesting comparisons between Australia and other countries were ,'made by Mr. A. IV. Monds, who re turned by R.M.S. Mnloja, after a trip round tho world with his wife and daughter (says the Melbourno "Age"). Mr. Monds, who is a leading flour miller in Tasmania, Is a member of the City Council of Launccston, . and an ex-mayor, -and he is- a iccen student of civic und economic matters. Emphasising Australia's isolation from the old world, Mr. Monds said that was a great factor, too often over looked in immigration. People were not willing to take a- chance of travelling so far afield when there were oilier in ducements nearer England. For in stance,. It was possible for a migrant to go from Great Britain to , Candda for the sum of £3, and to tho western provinces of the Dominion for £6. It was not much money to risk, nnd it was not far to l-oturn if things did not turn out successfully. Peoplo coming to Australia felt that they were burn ing their boats behind thom, and many pnrents wero loth to lot their sons come here, while they had small objec tion to allowing them to go to Canada. IVliile this prejudice existed, immigra tion would always bo dllHcult. . '"There is too much dependence on tho Government in Australia," said Mr. Monds. "In America, both In tho States and' in Canada, tho people aro willing to do things for themselves, without always relying on Government aid. Hero we help with thousands of pounds of public money the meat In dustry, the fruit industry, tho sugar Industry — in fact, nearly every, concern that wishes to do some exporting clamours for a bounty. Yet I: found that Australian meat and dried fruits were actually cheaper in London than they are here. It -is the same with other things. "When the Canadla'n- ' Pacific railway was, started tho com- "pany was given , great concessions of land; and to-day it is settling that land -with lirimlgrants. I was at a big show In- one of tho Canadian towns, and there was a hugo marquco tent erected by the Canadian-Pacific rail way, In which were displayed all the best examples of tho produce of tho land which they wero settling. Men were there selling land for tho com pany, and altogether there was a spirit of enterprise that one .so much misses in Australia. That same spirit was missed at the different Australian ports wo called at. At every overseas port, there were numerous vendors of all kinds of wares on the wharves placing their goods at our service, and anxious to do business. "What a contrast In Australia! At Fremantle a few taxi drivers leisurely offered to drive us to Perth and back for £3, and did not seem to care': a tinker's curse whether tfe went or not. In any overseas port we would have been surrounded with people offering every imaginable, kind of service. The Australian either has too much money, or he is too lazy to bother ahout' maklng any." After disembarking, Mr. Monds wont to tho post office to send a telegram to Ijaunceston. . To liis astonishment ho was informed that as yesterday wa3 a public holiday in Launceston, It was no use sending a telegram, as It would not ho delivered there. "In America, where the telegram business is run by private companies,'" he said, "everything possible '-3 done for the public. For Instance, I was In California last Easter, and at the be ginning of the- holidays special tele gram forms, for the sending of Easter greetings, were placed In our rooms by the Union Pacific Co., and we were allowed special rates for the holiday wires. Again, what a contrast! At all the big hotels there the telegraph companies have established offices, and the convenience is largely , availed of. Many.' people send telegrams where they, would in Australia, for wai.t of better .'facilities' be coriipelled to send letters." Mr. Monds travelled extensively on tho ' Continent, arid was particularly impressed with' the efficiency of the Danish people in their organisation of the dairying' industry. Seventy-five per cent of the butter pro'duced is sent; to Britain. Very strict atteritlon' is. paid toi. the.' standard of the 'stock. No one is allowed to sell cows without, a Gov ernment permit' to do so. Intensive bul- ture 1b gone ' in for, most of the holdings being less than 200 acres in extent, while ensilage Is so largely used that in the winter the output of, butter 1c actually ' slightly iri excess of the summer output, y 