.immiiiimmminmmmmmiiimmHimmmimmimmmimiimi]minmmmmmmmmiimiimmmimimiimimmmimm^ iiMMUHUiiiiiMuuiiMiMMniNniiiimiiMuniiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittiiiii ? niniiiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiihiiiuiiiMii I The Church in Denmark. i _ / The Story of a Fall from Grace! : BY BEN HURST. :__ 'HE revival of Catholicism in the I Scandinavian countries is more ?*? marked in Denmark than in Nor way, Sweden, or even Finland. Appar ently eradicated when the scourge of the misnamed 'Reform' swept through Northern Europe, there is evidence to day that the Faith survived in isolated corners, and was handed down from parents to children. Certain Catholic iicqcoq nnri rfili'jrions terms were never ousted from the people's hearts and tongues. Sunday worship is called 'Mass'; the public act of contrition re cited before Communion is called 'con- fession.'' There is a quaint ceremony of extending hands over the heads of cleri cal aspirants, which is a semblance of or dination by the 'supeinntendents,' or bishops. Denmark's fall from grace may be as signed to the same causes as Germany's and England's, namely, the tyranny of princes^ and the laxity of the higher clergy. Christian I., like Henry VIII., Philip of Hesse, arid so many other un controlled rulers, by a stroke erf the pen severed the Church in his dominions from Rome, abolished the celibacy of the clergy; and himself performed the first revised act of worship, such as was henceforth to replace the Mass. He seized the sacred vessels as his booty, and distributed church property to his minions after the usual manner of 'Re- formation' monarchs. In spite of the 'simplification' ol! religion, the Sign of the Cross, although forbidden, survived among the people, many of whom still practise it. Nor did the honor paid to a Woman — particularly abhorrent to au tocrat 'Reformers' — die out among the Danes. A Traditional Custom. A convert, Baroness Rosenorm-L.ehn, relates that in a certain village church the congregation on entering always bowed towards a side v/all, though they could not explain the reason for this traditional custom. When the church was renovated and the whitewash wholly scraped ofiV an old painting of the , Blessed' Virgin and Child came to view on this spot.. One is surprised to hear the Angelus rung three times a day in Protestant Denmark. This is another ?'? survival of Catholic days, though it no longer bears the name of Angelus, and is not connected with any religious prac tice. , , ? - Persistent devotion to two saints, both of whom bear the name of Knut or Canute, has not been without effect on the religious life of the Danes. Canute Lavard was slain in 1131 by his wicked brother Magnus, in the forest of Harald sted, near Roeskilde, which was once the capital of. Denmark. Roeskilde is but thirty miles from Copenhagen, and is a place of much interest to antiquarians. The cathedral there, as well as those of Viborg, Kallundborg, and Ribe, testify to piety and prosperity in the ages of Faith, _ when religious Orders flourished, and the cult of the Blessed Virgin resulted in a multiplicity of shrines. The Monks of the North. St. Ansgar, a French monk, was the first to bring the glad tidings of vChristi anity to the pagan Danes, and other Northmen, or. Normans; therefore, he is styled. the Apostle of the North.' His labors were continued by St. Rembert, who founded churches and monasteries in Schleswig. The Christian faith was finally _ established by 'good King Can ute,' whose martyrdom at Oden see, by his rebellious subjects, won the land to the cause for which he died. Denmark would have remained true to the teaching of Ansgar but f or corruption among her kings and ecclesiastics in high places. A partisan of Luther, named Buckenhagen, was allowed to work his will in church matters ; and Denmark's hereditary rulers arrogated to themselves the right to control the consciences of their subjects. King Christian III. issued an edict affirming the new 'Reformed' creed, and threatening objectors with lifelong imprisonment. Bishop Gyldens tierne of Odense bears the odium of hav ing been the first seceder; but, sad to say, he was followed by his colleagues, with one exception. The name of Bishop Roennow of Roeskilde deserves to be handed down through; the ages; for this noble prelate remained faithful to Rome and ended, his days in prison. Catholi cism seemed to perish until 1606, when an altar was built in the town of Altona; and later- on, the French Legation ob tained permission to keep an open chapel for foreigners professing the- Catholic faith. ? : . ? After 300 Years. Two distinguished Danes, the convert pastor, Cypreus, and Dr. Steuv, who took Orders and was raised to episcopal rank, worked for tolerance; but in spite of their efforts and those of zealous Jesuits attached - to various Catholic Legations, there was no permanent progress for two centuries. Only in 1849 was a law enact ed removing the penalties for conver sion. The first Catholic sermon in the Danish tongue for three hundred years was pi'eached about this time by a Ger man, the Bishop of Osnabruck. It is likewise to a German prelate, Mgr. von Euch, that Denmark owes its splendid Catholic revival. There were only two parishes to start with: Kopena, with seven hundred, and Fredericia, with eighty souls. But Mgr. yon Euch trav elled through Jutland, seeking and find ing little groups of five, four, three, Catholics of alien race who- had all but forgotten their spiritual inheritance. Practical help came to the devoted mis sionary from Countess Ida Hahn-Hahn, and from Baroness Pauline von Ketteler. Small stations were founded to be visited periodically by priests;' and their suc cess was marvellous. In Aaarhus, for example, where a Jesuit Father had' begun with two parishioners, there are now a thousand; and there is a fine church and a school. Thus, since the abolition of anti-Catho-' lie legislation, under the wise rule of King Frederic VII., the Church has taken fresh root in Denmark. It is true that she has no more than 25,000 adherents, but the number is steadilyj increasing; and, thanks to the constant influx of poor Polish immigrants, her ministrations are earnestly demanded. Gradually, the Danes are awakening to a knowledge of the. power and benignity of the Catholic appeal to mankind. At the death of the great Pope of Peace, Benedict XV., the en ;tire Danish press gave due appreciation of his work and aims. Again, on the oc casion of the funeral of Bishop von Euch, the procession to his grave was joined by' notabilities of the State, dignitaries of the Lutheran- creed, and a host of non Catholic mourners. When the Dutch Cardinal, Mgr. van Rossum, was refused entrance to the vault where reposes the body 'of St. Can ute of Odensee, by the Protestant clergy man in charge of the vault, such a storm . of protest was raised at this churlishness and discourtesy, that it is certain not to be repeated. Public opinion demanded the dismissal of the culprit, who had dis graced the hospitality and urbanity that Denmark prides itself on ..showing to strangers; and the generous attitude of the Vatican in matters of the kind was commented upon by Danish savants to whom Rome's priceless treasures had al ways been open. ? ? Catholic J-iterature. ? There are 'already two Danish Catholic ? weeklies, and .Catholic literature is en riched by the talent of the illustrious convert, Johann Jorgensen. A -clergy-, man convert has translated the New Testament into current Danish. The Jesuits and the R.edemptovists have each- three houses in Denmark; the Marist. have four. There are also Fran ciscans, Premonstratensians, Camillans, and Lazarists. %Of women's Orders there are seven, anYl the history of the first foundation is a record of courage, sacri fice, and perseverance that deserves no tice. Four Sisters of St. Joseph from Chambery came to Copenhagen where nothing but a miserable subterranean dwelling awaited them. In order to es cape remark they wore ordinary clothes, which proved much too flimsy to be a sufficient protection aaginst the rigorous northern climate. Every morning they attended Mass in St. Ansgar's Church at five o'clock. After some time the priest reluctantly gave them permission, to wear the habits they had brought with them, hoping that at such an early hour this would not excite observation. Thus emboldened, the Sisters took a step further, and appeared one Sunday at the ten o'clock High Mass in their religious garb. A. crowd gather ed outside the church door, but was kept in check by a chivalrous guard of young men belonging to the Catholic Legations, who formed an escort for the Sisters till they reached their abode. This mani festation of esteem and respect by for eign notabilities was not lost on the public. Henceforward the Sisters of St. Joseph were free to pursue their work of relieving^ the poor, nursing the sick, tending the crippled, while wearing the habit of their Order.' Finally they were allowed to open a school and, later on, a hospital, which, with its-- hundreds of beds, is the pride of Copenhagen. The Community of four has been centupled. Catholic schools, whose first pupils were stoned in the streets, just as Irish con vent pupils were stoned in London fifty years ago, are now frequented by Prot estants desirous of the sound and re fined culture to be obtained therein. The Church has, indeed, gained a footing in the little kingdom of Denmark, and looks forward to a fair prospect. An Ordination. The first ordination of a Catholic Dane in modern times took place on July 13, 1924, at Copenhagen. Father Cay de Benzon, whose theological studies were made at the Sorbonne in Paris, was raised to the priesthood by Bishop Brems of Roeskilde, in the Church of St. Ans gar. It was crowded with people, Pro testants kneeling among Catholics. The first to receive the new priest's blessing was Johann Jorgensen. Some days later Bishop Brems dedicated to St. Norbert a new church at Velje, . where he had said the first Mass twenty years before in a disused stable. The high altar of red marble is a fine piece of art by the Belgian sculptor, Gustav Gothyn. A secular paper referred in a friendly tone to. this latest CatholiC achievement, and commended the zeal of the Catholic pastor, who is a brother of Bishop Brems. It must not be forgotten that the de ceased wife of Prince Valdemai* of Den mark, brother of the reigning King and of Queen Alexandra of England, was a French princess of the House of Bour bon-Orleans, and that by her exemplary life, her many works of charity, and her strict observance of her religion, Danish society was made familiar with the forms of worship and teaching of the Old Church. ~ , 