:notes and queries. wbbDSiDE iiain: road. '' rrinj,' -F; 'REILY:-ilsst' -Sunday J Raited Woodaide and. - surrounding dis tricts, anij. must congratulate Mr, H, G. 'nlmcr -ptiV] fNo r'niVniVillrtrHftf f.rw*' rlistrict on -.the . splendid condition oi ?tneir main road frornf-yei'duii to^Mount Torrens, and liOBfi thatrtbe-.adioJMSJS-^ilt-ricfs will talw aii. object lesson iri-.thjere. matters. ' 'Theia rB.1but'6n.e;.^ripps.1qptnrjlaiiit to be inadc— excessive .'srice3- of ^iptorists on thia road. IVp^eeiflents occurred ilie same day a few 'milef ?.from W^.ds'.de * 'Hotel, and almost ended in shocking ' tragedies. It ia time: the authorities toot 'drastic action to minimise the danger' to' ' tlie public. Motorists. should pass » -lriver'(s test before baips allQw^d qn tlie.xosds. ? : ;. W£, H^m,mjX JUBILEE. '-From.:P.- ' \V7 EARBEElf; Registrar:— [. have; -been .-directed to convey; t» you felie thanks of' the University for the valu ible and interesting reports -which you have publigbed from day to day of the [-voc,eeding8 jn conneuUon with the jubilee celebrations. ? The) portraits and the blocks in The Register illustrating the buildings added greatly to the value of the letterpress agd the series of articles con stitute an important record of the cere iHonies. ' (We much, appreciate thia testi mony to the excellence of. onr reports of i great and memorable celebration.— Ed.) .,'.'..../. THE WI5TE BOOTS. rFroni the REV. FRANK JjADE:^-1Ii. Hoskins, M-.P. for Barossa. will ask 'whether the Goverrrment will endeavpui to. induce tbe Commonwealth Government to continue the wine bonus for another five years.' Thin is ? ajj, item of business sdje'dnled ior,tHe Stat« Parliament- for. this V.'eek. -There Are. -.two1 or three questions which Blionld be »nswere4 in xegar4 to fliia bonua 'policy;— 1/ Who is ^deriving most, benefit from this fiiiariciiil assistance —the big wine and spirit makers or the small grape grower? I have read dis quieting stateirienti in this regard. . 2. To what estent do the producers of dried fruit— a, really wholesome commodity— share in tha advantage of the bonus? Is it wise to vote money to a business which on account of its inherently pernicious character is doomed to extinction? Mr. j. N. Salt&T;, who represents, some of the business- interests that are behind this demand, ? said' last 'week in Sydney, 'Aiisr tralia does :not drink nearly enough, wine. Wine should be . the whpjesome daily leverage for men, women, and children,' Surely uo State ? Government will ally itself with men capable of uttering such antiquated' hygienic ' doctrine. Has Mr. Salter the courage to engage in' a houia tq-house canvas to induce Soutl- Augr tralian rnothers, tp - give their children more wius? . / -. . \- ^S^L^CROSSjia.SSOCIATION.-t. Prom' Ay BE.HTliaM;ippX, hoij. s«re; tary I-acrbsse Asaociatioii:— I Jiavo b?erj instructed by my comniitteo to extend to you my . association'^ liearty ppprecifttjpn of your assistance- in publishing news during the progress of our. carnival. Thii has been a great success, and a consider able measure of the success has been dus to your assistance. (Many thanks.— bu.}' ;.' .,'. TffE. PpOISLEM OF AFRICA/ ? Brora 'MAJ£: 1IOTO':— Recently TKe Register had a leading article wjtl) thig title that appealed strongly to me, as one who spent two. an-J a halt years, before and durinj; the war, . in the highlands of East Africa, ^ The problems- that arose then were those outlined in your article, and. since the war -they saem to have Kioivn graver. The African' aborigine, like big Australian brother, is little upderstaod, eyts? by that liero of the average newsr naiiar, 'the man oh the spot.' As an SJng. lishman, I defy anj: thoughtful person, to controvert, or even modify The Register's remark,- that- 'a survey of the relation! o.f black- and vhite- in Africa engender* ft: ciirjou? miPiiling pf shame and pride.' I» the heart of tropical ^friea one feels sliftme for the unlovely; cbmmercialiinn that soils so. much of bur .dealings', with tlie child races ,pf .the Part Continent, Rarely it takes a' deliberately brutal, form, more fre. qcently it-jreavns for disguised slavery on the specious plfif .efniBking the Jazy ''nig-r Ker''ivprk, and, incidentally reaping a fat harve$: frorji fpreeiji»boiir. G. K. Chesr terton in a famous hymn, sums up the African eituatioo in the Iine9 — i'S'roin, all -that terror, teaches ? ' ' If ronj'lifls pf to?j(?ue and^peii. From ,fl\l tha .easy upeeehcs ' ' 'jCb'at e'oirif pf t cruel men.' '.'. The' greatest living English essayist prays that from- these, and similarly subtle sins, we may be delivered, and, load he evep ived in East Africa, in all humiui probijk bility he would have written, even, more strongly. Fprtuaiitelr, there is a brighter jide.. -.A' Tyhite;;mjm caij ..take (iecenfc pride in^bttier. aspects 'of qur African rule. T'q quote youp. a.rticle agajn— ''Great . ad» vantages have, foUowe4 the intFOductiua pf railways,, medieaj services, trade, and education, Christian missions have aecqm* plished a vast amount of, good.' What in*: pressed me most about tlia njiseionarj wpFk waa its virility and imquenc!iab!t optimism. The industrial missions, mostly toman Catholic, were models pf organize, ion, ajiij t&eir; fervpur usually- tempers^ by homely '?* ^monsense. Their ^Pathem and Brethers led noble lives of sublimt aelfTSurrejuJer, fpr ttod, CbUFcl), ap.4 nft» Jiva African. The Prptes.ta.nfc rnjssipng vme, many of them, manned, by heroes, Aa an Anifjican, I was proud of some of pur J'0.M.S.' raep there, particularly .the veteran Jf cGregoV,'' of Kiktiyu, an Africa,}? St. Francis, beloved of settlers and Affix cauB alike. The. late. Bishop of Zanzibar, vfh.rtte.VPF one. thought of his crcdal views, claimed respect for hiji GQUTageous cUarjv pionship of Iiis lislovpd Africans against cniel, calcalatinR exploitation by most Keiiflemanly and weglthy Epflisft finanr cierg. My conclusion ' agrees with that af your leader. As on_e who wag a '-'man on the spot,'. I. ^treiis^.the i need of 'men to| gopd willr.'.Jietttef-s, njfesiaijaries, African^) who will get' together; . and, in tha clear, white light of 'the? Christian evangel, work together for Afjicfi and the Africaner f ? SU?ERA?fI-njATipN Bft-L. 1'rom 'P. T. S.':— I am a firm believer in the priijcjplfi enunciated by 3Ir. Henry Ford, who is Absolutely opposed to tfoe granting 'of pensions. Jlis poljcy is %q pay » man thq; highest Bt3&aib;[e wage fpr Iiis services, -srf that &e; will ba able to make not only his own provision, in bjs own wjiy, but wfirpe gble to own $ home (4 iis qurn-, bripg yp few family in the pe«t ffbsajple way, Jivy^s a maji e'tpyW live, in deeency and comfort, arjd have enough to enjoy the sopiaj amenities of life, H a man is given the opportunities to make hie own arrangements so $ha$ ho can live 1»3 later- ? years in coinfort. thera ? are \\-ery few who trill fail to da eq. If he fails to make, provision, well the Commonwealth is... at his back and provides'- h»»* with ft pensipp. -Why should the civil servant be called upon io- compuisorily pay a su perannuation I8vj-, ? from his wages, when itB'ii! alfead^- fqljy prQyiile.d. for by his owp' nriyate a^TangemeriJts,' and the CommQH wealtli?. Xiis B[U. befpre tlje House, pn tji* present pay roll pf the State: wjll cost the . country eventually £400,000 annij. ftlly-ni wholly unneceasary expenditure, undr- a duplication of Commonwealth lyif ajtesdy in operatibn. ' The State has at present iittipjj a commission of tmreg civil servants ,who are asked to review theip own salaries, and it is natural that they should do the )o\\- Jo t)?eir own. satisfae* tion. : So the prospects are that the tax payer ia in i&e; $ njee little extra bill, which, wjl|j intreage4 s^aries, will rUT- tha State iota heavy expenditure, thai the fesaurces of tlie State can jJJ acqrej. To JegJaJatprg' bf tji^ type that are pushing ttfisRill tjie question pf'b.eaviej- 'tawis through tlfc ludiscrijijinate 'gpsiidfiig of n)04ey, ibes poi appear to enter into their- calculations. If ye are to have insurance against old age Pn a greater scjile than now provided, by the Common^ wealth., Igt us have it on a national basjs, so that tlie whole community may bene fit, jtfd ijot - a particular iiectipn. favoured aB iu th|s Bill. ;. ' ELECTRIC LIGHT, V 7tm ?^LECT|IICITYI'^-In ' reply tq 3fr, Saunders's query,, the Private §leetrjc Supply Act °f JW pmpgiyers the Ggvcnjot to .make regulations fOr securips a regular supply p£ electripity »fid-fer ti?tipg tha t)re8sure.- I am unaware if such regulation hm eVer been made, but'jf so they are pretty sure to be 911 the liaes of those o the pritishi Boaf d pf f rade. However, ^ tlje efficacy of electricity iqr fighting piirr goses' with pasUeuIar' Tanipg 'depenifs practically entrrely upon j$j oragsijre, aiic se this, of necessity, varies from house tp apuie. and -ftfom Ijoiir to hour, the cfSjt of any Eystemattc inspeetipn or testing by Governroont or corporation would be out of all prpportion to its value. The tasif of sucb^ an inspection would be apalogom .to that of ong appointed -.to test tbe ade flu&ey; of the p«ssur« m4i?taine4 in the water mains and,.. services. From Mr, Saijfijjers's reference t-) electricity 'of some jqrt'. sppplied W t% 'company from its new statjpn, and to 'the testing of tba iSswmstwr vrtw ef 'iw/it '-mm tb»t fee imagines ibat different varieties of slectricity have different illuminating properties. Otherwise- w« should hardly lave bis priceless suggestion that the erec tion of a transformer and additional wires in Ms neighbourhood wag an indication that the supply company's officials .'are just learning their business, or just ex perimenting.''' Can one not imagine a picture in Punch of a suburban thorough fare well up for the laying of a new water Main, the night watchman placidly smoking his piEe» and a sweet old lady of aeatific espressipn remarking . to him, 'Does this work mean that the dear Water Board officials are just learning the busi aess, or are they just experimenting?' INDUSTRIAL PEACE. 1'rom 'K.H.':— The flooding of .the narket with cheap impprted goods under 'ree trade would not bring about industrial peace. Putting all tasatipn_ on the land sill not do it either. Reducing the work ing, hours to 44 a week while the cost of iiving is so high would accentuate our ndustrial troubles. It would be as well For all Governments ' to express their willingness to uphold the 44-hour week when the cost of living is much lower than it is at present. This, I think, would en :ourage folk to get a more on, and in this way increase production, and in so dping make the cost of living arid hours of labour less. If the workers do not hustle more than they do 8t present it may be jecessary to increase the workjng hours to more than they are at present, as other :ountries .are inclined to do. Where it :an be done satisfactorily, workers should be allowed, to share in the profits of the business in which they are employed. SlUXICIPAl. ORGAN RECITALS. From A. B. MOFvTBtERt— Permit me through The Register to express apprecia tion of three items at the municipal orgav recital on Sunday afternoon last. I desire to congratulate Mr. W. R. Knox, LL.C.M., the City Organist, on his in clusion of W. T. Best** exquisite pa-eluae 'Stabst Slater,' and the effective registra tion, phrasing, and pedalling that cjiarac terizEd his rendering. Further than that, Elgar's 'Pomp and circumstance, No. 3' (though technically orchestral), has always appealed to organists. The last time I beard it was ou the Hope- Jones organ at 3t. Michael's, Chester square, London, erhere the successor of Sullivan is organist and choirmaster. The third Item, last bat not ' least, was the 'Lost chord.' Miss Elsie Woolley'g singing of this was superb, ind alone, more than worth a seven-mile journey to. the Town Hall. This musical [east of fat things, of organ and vocal artistry well refined deserved a bigger md more liberal audience, for the benefit 3f tU&t; noble work for 'certain men who matter'— The T.B. Soldiers' Aid Society. HR. GUNN'S APPOINTMENT.- _, From ''TAXPAYER':— I notico thjt our ?worthy Premier, like all the ragt of tfie SocieliatB, who preach equality and brotherhood of man. has slipped into the grist fo% Wllet he got the chanco tp fill. It eeema funny to appoint to A Jfjfjratiap Commission a Premier whesa Govern ment has been desd. against immigration. Will the commission justify its existence * T doubt it, at the figure it is goinfrto cpet the taxpayer in salarie&-^more than £72,000 for the term of commission. GaTHEDBAL PREaCTOS AND ABORIGINES. From 'JOB JUDSON':— The attend ances at this month's special social ser vices, St. Peter's Cathedral, coijtjnue to be excellent. Apparently, the pen, who fp?nx the majority of the large congrega tions, ere unperturbed, though laymen some non-Anglican) '-}ai;ecrate the Cathedral pulpit! Last Sunday the two speakers dealt with ''The church's duty to the aborigines.' Capt, S, A- White, in . simple, restrained, _ yet f orDefiil language, gave his impresmpns of aborigi nals a* (hey were and w. ami cprreewa many P9Plwr errors about these sadly misunderstood people, TJw mom speaker, Rev. W. B. Cooker, dealt with them from other but equally sympathetic angles. Jlifl remark concerning tha aboriginal weakness for magic is not' unknown in highly emliiwii and even jn. Christian churches. The sum pf human knowledge wag perceptibly uferpfujed ft* % ^JtBT and ethep wpr ghippra-s at thf Cathedral on Sunday, ani appreciative thanks are due to both MPfi \Vhite an4 his Anglican supporter. NEW jgEBRIDEg CONPOMIKIUM. Frpjn J. ''?' -Jt. : - LYALL:— 411 who have had cspericpcc o£ the effects of dual CPlltrol in tlie -iew Jebridas, - dEnpun.ce itf prac- tical working in no measured terms- AM Rev, F. J. Paton. from -IaleJiu-» a large island in the north of the Rrpqp, 1ms \\)em JlpJdlBg a geries of meetings in Adelaide and suburbs for the lost two weeks. Pfi say» that a land commission was ap pointed 13 years ajsp. presided ovep py « Frepch pnd an English Judge, ths compoair t}pn of the 'remainder of the commiwn being epgniopolitan enoush to please \he rnoet exactiim internationalist, incmoing njen pf French, Dutch, Danish, German, arid. Italian nationality, the interpreter to Aw polyglot conglomeration, bring a Jersey islander. They are salaried officials, »nd the drBwlns of their iialary on pay dw is the sola duty they have hitherto performed, This is perhaps more their misfortune than their fault} the, commis sion not havinft met bo far,-, though ap pointed a decade and a half ago. It. ijiust uot be supposed, however, that the iaV has b£en. in operation all these ycavu. If f. Frenchman take land fronj the natiyea, the officials 6ay*'wajt' (tor tjio comnjiptiDn prpbably). Yet, if a,»at|va take land which a Jfrfnchnifin filsims as his, the officials decide in his favour with out any. delay. Mr. Paton is very strong in his praice pf the impartial manlier in which justice' is daslt out by the comman ders of the British nmirof-war. He points out that the Frenelf are freely plying the illegal trade af liquor selling ta tlje native, and the Jfrejich authorities, though fully cojtnisajjt of the fast, take no notice. Tlie QnlJ' eommonsenee remecjy for the present abuses would be for Great Britain to declare the condominium 'off,' and forthwith to antjei the islands to the British, Crown. ' ? SUJJDA¥ CLOSING. From -'STDPPtT':t-I Jjava read with much interest in The Register the account of the Sunday eio^ipg moveineut at Unley. The motives m^eFlyjpu this moveraent ?re pbyjou?'}- sincere, in the sense that tl;ose active jp it, beyond a doiiljt. bBl}BVC tljat the Brorjosed Sunday law« will botl lionpur God «nd benept men. It ought, however, to be apparent tP the most /ftdi* cal and zealous, that the promotion Qf the pljtward forms of religious observances, ijnder tTjoT 'coercion pf ciyjl ]nvf,~ dqep pot make Chri&jian;* or approve them as citi iens.,. : THpy have md (ha history of the past, jn its relation to religious life and national development, tp very little PurPPJfi who. have not learned that any system which compels, the outward forms of religion, must jn so far as it has in? fluenee. supplant the divinely appointed agencies and* methods, and be in results potli dishonourable tp God and harmful to men. . Pcfw Jonu will -n-atchmen ill pott, to whptn are committed the' lively oracles of Qod. insist ijpcn eommittinf to Ceasar the things which belong to God? Jt is the prerogative and duty of civil government to protect the rights and liberties of all i'« citizens. It cannot create these personal rights and liberties, por can it abrpeate them even through the perversion of its delegated/ powers pnd legitimate functions. If must guaran tee personal liberty, and can restrain it pnly nt that point . where its eserciee violates the rights pf otherg and works injury to' them. THE PREMIER AND ECONOMICS. From 'A. L..'i-rSo Mr. LyaJI, tt)io, after tellmE me on August 20, that if I 'will ?'say straigiit out' I don't know 'what the product of a man's labour is,' ho wfll tell 'me quick and lively (or in some eucli manner), now declines, because I at tacked him under a ppm,--je-pjume! ? Tho tunusinE part U that it was he who at tacked me when I had replied to Mr. J. A. Hodason's diatribe 'abput* our workers petting Ipwer wages than horses (or was jt asses?). Mr. Lyall knew he was dealing with anonymity when he wrote. He can't now ijleaj jRorance of that fact pn Batur4ay inorpinK I received »a en velope, ei|C)psipg appther pne wjtJj ''A li.. e/o Register' on i^. tjpon qpenjng jt I found (i poem (sayp the Muses' p&iv; don) of about six or eight verses, signed 'J. _K. L.' I read ^ verge or two, but as it iras becoming offensively personal I consigned it to the wagtejjsjjer basket, witK apoljsies \o Calliope dp Eratq for callinu it verie. ' Perhaps the work did pot ?proce'ed from tbe author tJie initials would denote: if so. I very humbly apolp liise for thintiH? his avoidance «f prose facts Jeads him to write doggerel.' - THE NORTHERN TERRITORY GOM .' MISSION AND THE RAILWAY. ; From ALFRED GJItE5:-A letter, which took more than two months to reach -nje, from a friend at tboOrd River Station, far north-west Australia, fully corroborates the general opinion of the residents of the tropical end of the Terri tory with regard to -the general adminis tration of that neglected area and especi ally of the railway. Ke gays inter alia: — [ notict th«re le a Hill goifl? tmauirli tlie Ftfla ral House to hniM a light railway line to Alice Spring!. Politic*! plotjra, I call thtm, an it is only a' eop to South Australia to step i« ? clatter 'ml cuunourinir for her '.right*. Dace they get this light, narrow- eaugt line, to ilics Sfrinifs, u stipulated, they will, let it 19 imin. the dead-end, aiid ihen continue with th?ir Jeviatlon' policy from New South Wales through Jueenskr-d on tlie i Jt. 8 in. gauge; which is n ate in New South Wales to-duy. Central VustrslU vill thrp be Jorgotten and uolatid. \ cruel plot is all it is. to l*ne.rit Queensland indKew Houth WiilcB, at the expense ol South \iuitralia and also Western Amtnilia. - I notice :hat tenders for the extension' from Katherino to Oaly 'Writers hav* been called. See if they ion t choct oS to Cammoweal, and' J*avc a Rap Mtween there and Alice Bpringa. That Is what Strati. Australia must cloaelr 'wstcil, and 1 have mt much faith in the Gunn Gcn-emment to prevent it, if they happen then to he in power; :hey liad no right to ognw to any ttop at Alice Springs, and, u-o.-se still,- a light line— prepos- terous!' ? ? ..: - ? And now it soems we are to have still another highly paid commigwion for the Northern Territory and, according to that sxcellent leader in Fridny'g Register, the Federal scheme is to include the 'lopping off of s uenerous half of Western Aus tralia/' and eo bring it under tha adniini. atration of the Northern Territory. It must be apparent to every one who lifts my knowledge of the Jforthcni Territory that the past deplorable and wasteful mis* management of the Territory has shown that the Federal Government, in taking over that part of the continent bit off more than it could chew, and now, without any qualms of . conscience, desires to take an other bite, this' time at our western neigh bour.' TliQse y:\iO have lived in the Terri tory for many year* 'are- too - well ao q-jainted with being ' governed by ordi nances and we know too well that only one Government resident* over possessed 'large powers' and wq have ample evi dence that the exercise of those powers resulted in disastrous expcvhncnU £u-'h as the Daly River 'farmo,' the bachelor 'farm,' and tho Jietaranka attempt at 'sheep fanning,' all total failures,- The result of these disastrous experiments '''as to make a radical change by granting i~-ie next Administrators no powers at all whether they were practical men or, not, and'tfr govern, the Territory direct from Melbourne through ordinances and local1 land boards!' But- now, again, tho pchenft i* to revert to the grantine of ''large powers' to a highly paid commissipn, «nd if the Northern Territory is not of sufficbDt scope to exercise these . 'largo powers' they .ask their neighbour on the west to .h nnd ever her rich north-west erritory pn4 they would institute a %'rowjj Colony' Goyerament' and provide a. poyernment. -^Bclidant - with -, 'large ppwars.' It Is Wgrfifiiiniit,- however, that at'the fo'rmat%»: of';this.n*w','c6minJpsi6n the salsry of the Parwin Administrator is to be reduced frpm about £1,500 a year to jCDOO » year, with an allowance only of £75, although the prpppsed Administrator at Alice Springs will be pnly £700, -with £15 for oUoirances. Jt is clear from this, theKforn. that any 'powijrs' he may be Efatltcd will be abput en hr;e as thoec of-g. dhg on .the cJjainV It is . regrettable that the periiounel of the' copimisslon does not inelude' a, BoutU Australian, because this State hag always hid, s-nd still hss, lie most fPterest in the Terrltprj', ell her telegraph «nd postal csfiiciali ani al«0 the police are recruited from South Australia. '. also thoroughly agree with tho Hon. R. W. Foster's regret that 'there was not an important position reserved for a. man pf outsandinjt ejipprionce- in pastoral jnat tsrs.' While at present the Northern Territory is purely a pastoral proposition, it seems iqcredible that §uch a position should be left yaeant. 'Though I quite be lieve the division of the Northern Terri tory into two States 'is justified, I cannot conceive of any reason for making the headquarters pf the commission at New castle Waters- What is tb.9 matter with Parwin? MOUKT BRECKAN AS A GOVERN MENT HOSTEL. From FBANJv REED, Hotel Grosveoor, Victor Ijarbour. — As a. resident of Victor Harbour I rpceived a bombshell when reading in ? The Regieter on WcdneBday that a deputation of the Corporation of factor Harbour had waited on the Minister for Local Government {Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrlck), who is jn charge of the Government Tourist Bureau re the pur chasing of Mount Jireekan as ^ hostel. At the present tinje in Victor HolbpUr thqre arc several large buildings in the couree of erection, and several of. tha existing establjshrapnta are adding qa to provide additional actiomniodatjon {pr visiCpr?. I do pgt gee the point of t»e Government stepping in,-,a» they wonlj not bo prpvid mg additional accopimpdation, but simply entering ipto_ opposition with ' private en terprise, which gecms most 'unfair, com sidering what private enterprise has a[. ready done and jg doing to provide ade quate accommodation, Xs all the im provements ot Victor Harbour, such aa tennis cpurts, bowjing greenB, croquet clubs, recreation gVQunw, &£; I'ave been carried out with n)Qr«y vplmitarily given by residents, sr.4 the generous publia with out he(f) frptR the Government wbatepevor. I arn et a logs to under^tind $ln- action ot the Victor Harbour' Corporation in bnnging the matter before the Govern ment. ' '' '? '';? ? s ?? CAPITALISTS AND pUBAP MBQUE. Frpm 'WOKKER':— As one who can not go abroad to see how fallow-workers are treated. I am interested to read tjje opinion of those mpre fortunate. Mrs. ?Edward Beeves, ii( describing her visit to Ceylon, said ''All manual toil wa» done by natives, irho earned . a mare pittance, equivalent \o 5d. per day. Witlj this y-e»P }i3«our ai)4 njodern rfliJQhinery jn drying, -tc, some tea companies paid a dividend- p£. 45 ;per cent!'1. Surely- this is e»ou|h to spoil a good cup of tpa:-flecentf» a lajtly miwionary from Calcutta was in Adelaide, and in an address, pleaded for the unfprtunata women, pf Jn.Iia, She said that U) tho Calcutta distj-iflt fiiere -vera 70,000 wompn who worked under ground )n rninei*, many ef them rnBthcrs, wjio h«a to tsfee their babka it; work with them, and opium was given, tlie babies eo -that they would not' intorfere witji the mot hem' work. Thig js the stale of things forced on wprker* -a-httro Uiera are no nrapna or Arbjtratipp Coiirtj?. * Jha same thins can be sun in Fiji, under tl.e ir.dentured 'abour scheme. Let tlie workers pf Australia see that they dy nat lnsa y/hat they have gained. 'COLD FACTS.' From 'HELP THE MOTHER COUNr TRY': — I cannot understand the willing^ ness of our State Government and raany well-to-do South Australians to ' place orders for manufactures in- the United State?, when they/know' that, tho Mother Country, which is the best customer for our primarv products, besides being our protecting shield against invasion, can supply all such requirements and is in sore need of remunerative work fpr her industrial population. The following exr tract, headfid 'Cold Fa*t«,' ' from The liondpn Daily Mail o£ July 19, is an un answerable argument in favour pf our help |ng Great Britain jjj trade and commerce so far as we can:r British debt to the U.S.. £935,753.000: Allies' debts to Preat Britain, £2,052,450,000,' 'Our liabilities were in curred fpr. others aiid not f(?r pursclvcs' to enable the Alltfs to continue the war. —Lord BaltPMr's Note. The British debt to the United {Jfateg and the,Allies' debts to Britain 'ware incurred not for the sepa rate advantage of particular States,- but to'' the great purpose common to thpm all. —Lord Balfotir's Note. Of the £935,000,000 .which/- Grept Britain is now repaying the United Stales in gold at the rate of over £37^JOS,OQO a year— Every penny was spent in buying American pods; prices fwhjch were high) -n-ere fired by the American Government; income fas and other taief were collected on those prices, and h»d tp be paid by the British; profits on tha mfa went:into American pockets: a British proposal to repay American wqdj iWUh British goods w»s rejected. . The Amerifon Joss in life jn action m the war WMWMi. Tlie British Iobb was 908,000 m t$w Array. 800,000 Bri tish casualties were incurred in 1917-1818. in the Denod when the.Uni.ted Sates was '? the war bufc not aBt{yslj- fighting. The British Governmenf; in J92£ propoeed tp ^f^nited Statts tci. cancel an the var 4ebts. The United State* declined. WAQE8 AUO LABOUR. ((From J. A. HODGSON:— I answer A. T.- in the affirmative. I certainly do wan f, the' full product pf my- labour, nhp has a greater right tlmn I! Xo man has a jiBht to a$k for moie (ligii- Jlis OHfl Br-Kl\jction, nor should lie be satisfied with leas. , To give nje tho full prpduct oi ray Ubouu in no way infrinjjeson the law of rent ^and {'ijterest, .because 'the Cmtor has provme4 fop ffee amounts due, to rent, vfigea, and interest. $[tnt fiiht|y a seloiiRS to the Crown; wages belongs to tho labourer, anil the intercut belongs to the much-abused capitalist to meet the joart of the installation and maintenance -f . 'buildings and machinery that go towards making prolific production pos sible. There seems to be a general ims understanding concerning what, is really, meant by the words 'the full earnings ot labour.' 'A. h.' tilfg certain indus tries, including the production o£ The Reaister. and rung away with thn erro nepug idea that we think The Ke«i»ter staff have a right to the full amount of money received by that journal in sales md advertisements. -To advance such »' theory-ia to walk down a. Wind alley. Member* of The Register staff have uo moral right even' to know the amount' of money received by the proprietary of that paper, and if they did know they would be very little wiser and perhaps mote discontented. Still, the staff are morally bound to ask for the full earning* of their own labour. Wo have legal hik ehinery for fixing wages, and all it doe« i» to put Rood mon on the wage payable to comparative inefficiency;, it is called ? living, wa?e, and provides, in the mse of a man with, a wife and »ix chSldron, much less' than what is neeewury to their wellbeiiiK. ' This idea of fisine wages by Arbitration Court awards and minimum wnses is only a costly meatis of kwping men from isoeint! the wage oueHion in its true litrbt. When men learn to lire in stead, of merely vesetntinj; they will sweep aw«y the legalized, restrictions jn proaa tion that now force wages down io the irrfiducible minimum, and will demand eight hour*1 real wage* for e'lRht hours' actual work, in1'-'1 of tlie present rats of pay. 'CONFESSIONS OF A CAPITALIST.' From A. T, SAUNPERS:— Although npt entirely agreeing wjtb the eonclK gions of the author. 3Jr. E. J. P. Benn, I think his 'confessions' we of value and worth reading.. On page 136 lie writes:— 'By excessive iirofits in a limited market, sue.li as those made by a trust or trade union, tlie consumer js driven to alterna tives. This is clearly shown by tlip history of printing in the lost 10 years.' I recently read that TJie Melbpiirue Argus had installed a photuiiraphic printing plant in its new hom». In nbout 18fl3, when the linotype aud monoline were cominK into use it was feared that theue machines would throw hundreds or thousands, of the compositors out pf emplpyment, T« reality, the cheapcniiiR of printing ha» ?^suited in more mi larger newsiwpers and n-Pre and more bppks, and »o ou, and Derjips thia new proceos will have the a«me effect. Mr, Benn - write* tfm ai a publifiliiiitr firm his business n&s; . to arrange with lf- trade unions, or 15 unions, in one way or another 'affect his busluees. THE SEA BEAST. From A. T. SAUNDEB8;~As a Port Adelaide friend telephoned advising me tp sea 'Tha Sea Benst,' it only fpr pie nhinpinj: pictures and the storm effects,' I went to viev it. and was well pleased. The play itielf is good and clean, and the marine effects are good, though no Aovht nn old sailor could criticise, but? for the landsman, puck as myself, thai* is little to complain; of, thouith four-malted iron baraviea, double topsails, end irire-rope rijt Kln(! are not of the same date by many years as the bonnet and dresses of the heroine. ? THE PETKOL, TAX. From C. BARTON, Port I'iiie^Jfnw about this for sharp practice? I am the owner of a motor bo»t. I bought i0 gallons of petrol on IJacember 28 last, I iijd not peud an application for refund on Japuary 1, as I had not used the petrol. I used the petrol in J»nu jJry,'' rebrnary, anil ^larch, ? a»i-l applied for rebatle »» Jub*. No* t''1 Commissioner «f T^^s jnfovros me that tho motor spirit must be purchased enn used in the period from Januery 1 to Juno 30. ? Therefore, n« I purchased it on December 2S, and bad not usai* it all in throe days, 1 cannot pbtsin a lefuno! JJISCELliASEQUB, QliEBN OP TORT ADEfMIUE OKSTPV ' In The Besii(er «f 10/S/iG Maceriiiiig 'Queens pf r*rt Adtliido Ccntril Sohool,' th« qqc«n o! th» inhnU' tchool mt» Ooril hW«, with 7,360 'yotw — iJO 6/ bavins b**» cPlUti'fl for thi queen of blutbclls, and not tht qn«f» of rosCT. as (stated on the 18t)i Inst. 'BONO.'— You mljlit »OTly direct to -'O, O.' for the two oonifnictiarn tlwt roulij he vvt n-f the sentence you refer to. Wp iJe)et^4 ♦«8N- from h-- Ijst lettir. 'SpSPKI8ED.'-~TUii f««U you mtntlon eon csrninff the Mountain engines and }he cbumttcr oj thf cur-«» en tin rjpli Pal|w«y (-»'?« »lr-;'i» been Eft out in The BtB'«t«r- , , ' 'MEI)lCW(!.-'-»-Wli»t is ihf Au'Ualiiin -UuiV bilU^-Tlie Ute.tt fip«ri?» »**H»M« i» for 1923- 1, when the bill a £3D,2Va,S»S. 'STICKY BEAK.'— J, We do not underaUnd the purpoit of the owstion. 3. What is (he ocl- lrr-« -of t!ie Begi|tr*r-P--iieral. of Birtlit Tor this Northern Territory! Falnieriton, Kprthum Tarritory. 3. Hai »ny re«ion to he given wliew ajfeing for anotiifr ptnim'K age* Any person can have a search fnoile of the racoittt '' P».v' ing %\\]$ leareh fc» 'I'd »-Jpl»l}'iPF Hit rilfCfsiry pirticulan. 'ETIQUCTTI-~'--^!n til* fvfnt iif a gentleman presiding over i (-i|blic function, lie is aiiilrcisfd ii ''Mr. aisirroan,' In (li« event of a Ud.r ('?owpiinir t dimilqr iwitton, ?'bat cofutitufsi (lie cofrtrt form t-f nidxcwl^vtbe, p*|i]ro»* 1' -'M»dam« Ciialmjan;'* - ''NO1* A GRAmiATE.'r-Tin teer»l*r}' nf tli* ?l*«r- Society cnmmsuU on j-our mttintrt as toU-w.s:— A|ip»iently tlia lawjreh Tittfrrrd to are tlio:c Vlio Imve cbttineil thp fiiill C-rtlnci te W law, and not th» I,ti,B. itgnt, I hau fu- knpwle,(]B» cl pny holder oi thta ntvt\trttt wear inff in M...B- hood it d nuwlc fiinrtion- It »»emfl to ra» tb»t thin would be tbi cnly vtj »f 'IhxIi:;' ai n gradual'' 