Morse Discovery of America Ia Commonwealth Avenue, . tun, tsiundtt u statu© 'of JLaIt £jrik^i*n, a Norseman, who V4* the first European to sail & ship across the Atlantic lin<] reach ccm* iineotal America {writes THalvdaft JCwft, /Tofetwor of Hltuorr,-UaiY*t~ «fty of -Norway, J a ibo "Norwegian Trado Ucview'.'). ThU .cveat hap pened in or about the year 2000* Half u millenary WAS to clapeo b%* lure CljflstiQpUcr CofiumbuB rodla cohered Amoricu. \Vb<«n vn read about all the difiVnltles be bad to .urmou&t; in order to acoompli&b; hln plan, and fieefng bow daring and remarkable tila contempoririea i found bis deed, wo may well b« ' tempted to doubt tho reality of tfcf reported voyage of Leif Elrlksson. lmlucd. wo mny n«k wafl it possible?. No uouK St w-ts. Tho £co&dl;&» avians at that time frefo the beat Bailor* in the world and they poe sessvetf cscelU-nt sea-going ships. W« have good evidence that, Just about the your 1000, Norwegian and .!?*». lsh kiugs crosscd the North Se* with navies of 8bJp& each carrying a hundred men. Furthermore, In Ibo royal burial mounds of Nonray, uomo spec I mens of old fihlpa dating from the 9th century have beta i found In good preservation, . These shfpg do not belong to tt# biggest typo of the ago, and do not soota to hare* been built for .really long1 voyages. In the year 189S, however, a true copy was bnllt from such a chance model, and 12 Kof* woglan eebf&rerB; sailed it acroai the Atlantic, thu* providing. the practical proof of tb& possibility of crossing the ocean in tbe 'ships o| the Viking ago. The Rhlp used on (hat occasion may still he ©eea at Chicago, As a mfittor of fart, history re* cords ur the (treat memorable deed* of tho Scandinavian VlklngR, ,th« Kortamcfi, and tho Danes, that they opened ocean traffic to European navigation. .Until ihnt time, -the nerchants ot Europe did not venture lout, on tho high bnt.hopt to | Ibo coast. Tho Viking* boldly. aet i out on the oppQ pea, they crossed ; the North R'ea, they sailed round i the UrltiFh Islands or through th« ! Chdnnelr they crossed- the Bay ot [ Biscay, they rounded 6paia . and I went into the Mediterranean,. Tho Norwegians did better -etllt by'Sailing to tile Faroe Islands, to Iceland, and even to Greenland, dis covering all those Islands In - the courflo of tho 9th and 10th conturies. At tho pamo tlmo they aalloji as fat ae tho White Sea. In tho J }th .coil* turv, tto tire told that one of lbs Norwegian kings set out for .' the Arctic Ocean just to seo what then was to be found, and in the 12Lh century the Spli».borg«n Inlands (Svalbard) were dlwovorcd ; from Iceland. r ?? It Is .somewhat pnwllng to under stand how thOBe men were able to find their way In mid-ocean..They did not know tho mariner's compass, end they had no nautical Instrument for determining the positional thelt. ships. But they were able and prae-. tloal astronomers, they knew by'ex perience the art of meteorology, .and they $ad a wonderful eMlor's in* stlnct that told them whero.tliey sailed. They could not exactly-pre ordain tbelr landing place in'^ 41* -. tant country, yet they did notso ostray, nod they were able to keep up Ji regular traffic between Great Britain, tho Faroes, Iceland, and even Greenland, on one hand $nd Norway and Denmark on the other. To snoh experienced sailors U>'< voyage to America could be no Im possibility. ? . ? Lelf Elrlksson, the man who lint discovered America, was an Ice lander ot Norwegian descent,.- and in bis veins there ran an explQrer'e blood. His father. Elrlk the : Red. was Si Norwegian, belonging ^o . . noble llogaland family in south western Norwiy. This Elrlk,, hlong with his father Tohrvald, wa£ oblig ed to flee the country owing to ? charge ot manslaughter, and- they Went to Iceland. ." ? The colonising of Iceland Sy Nor wegians had begtin fa hundred year* before and at that time waB lb-, anh-' stance' completed. The fugitive*, might therefore find somo of tbalr kinsfolk there. Elrlk murrjedi .In IeelAnd butiaa ho had a restless and' combative mind he committed > man slaughter on several occasions, and' after moving from ono district to another had finally to flee from Iceland too. ? Then be sailed westward to finfl a new lbnd and discovered -Green land. That was ab6ut the year 980, Seeing that Greenland Is virtually, an American Island the Norwegian, Elrlk the Red, may be cnlled', the first discoverer of America, -and. something American may even, be discerned in his manner of thought. It Is eald that he ghve the'naIM| of Greenland to tho new landJwJ^f the object of making It more iSJut tng to Immigrants, fle was a Jdnd of advertising puffer, And he adopt; ed the role of an emigration ngipt He returned to Iceland in tills cap acity, and led the first «eIofcf> »C; Greenland. Thla colony, fhAfflrst European settlement in America, remained In existence lor flve.cen turies until the end of the 15 th/cen tury. and when Greenland wa#--re> cognised early In the ll'li cent'i^Ti It naturally became a colony icf Norway. '? In Iceland, nhont 97B, Elrlk Hod had a son, who was callSd iWlt 1 As a boy. I-cIf was takon to,<Jrso» land with his rather and therein* provr up becoming 5i kind tit, Nor. «reglan-Atnorican. - - 1-elt Elrlksson prowd hlrtitleM' . hardy sailor. He undertook the Jong vbifege direct from ?Greenland to Norway. Tills voyage gives A 6tnrt lnr-polnt for tlie dating of his dls .covery of conllnenlal America.' Foi "Norway was then under this *w®1 of Olnl Tryggvason (99B-1000), and this king, the first Christian kin* «1 ' | Norway,, pent Lelf back to .'flreen i lnnd. chntplng him with tho tasl .t <!hrlittU>lrtn# tk« little Icelanji colony there, just no lie hart sent one. of his priests to christianise Iceland itself. ? Lelt Is reported to have left Nor way In the arear 1000, and, cither quite accidentally In returning or on iv voyage Immediately after, he came to unknown countries in the west. Finding here wild vinos be named the land Vlnland thus t>nr snlng the advertising policy of his tether. It la Impossible to tell exactly Where this vlnland was situated, atates Halvdaa Koft Professor of History University of Norway, Oslo, in the "Norwegian Trado Review." two Icelandic eagas glvn the ac eoanl of tbe discovery of Loir; but they . differ widely" as to-details. They only agree lo stating that he fonnd such a fertile land of a dis tinctly southern nature, and the dis covery ot this new land beyond the sea ensured to the daring command ler the name of Happy Lelt. Ills re-' port-about what ho had Been could not 'hut Incite the exploring spirit of bis fellow-countrymen in Green land, and after some years they went out to re-find Vlnland. The leader of the new expedition was att Icelander of the name Karlaefnl, and ho was really planning to lead a colony out to Vlnland. .Frpm his expedition, probably eom'owhero between into and 1020, we.'pbssess a description of a truly geographical character. Ho certainly meant to arrive at tho same land ing places as Lolf, hut we have got no trustworthy testimony that he tatua^ly did so. It would be cafer to.presume that tradition has trans ferred the details of Karlsefnl's voy age to the first discover? mode by lislf. .'Karlsefnl first landed at HellnUind, that Is, Stoneland, then atVtrkland, that la Woodland, last ly at the very Vlnland where b» set tled.'It proved Impossible to Keep up the colony, because of tlie hos tility of the aborigines, and' the Nprp^meo -of Greenland had to' re turn. But Karlsefnl Is noted as be ing the first European wbo at tempted to colonise America. In, recent times a hot discussion Ui bfeen waged as to the location of the places where Kttrlsefnl and, presumably, Lett landed In America. Research has had to avail itself , of detailed geographical descriptions aa, Will as ot statements about dis fanMB, and even of astronomic tob aervfctlons. No agreement on this pAlfet'has, however, been arrived at, ahd Vlnland In particular has been located at widely different parts ot the American coast, almost every where from the St. Lawrence to I Chesapeake Bay. ?hts geographic question 1; real ly not so overwhelmingly import ant; for, assuming the discovery of Vlniond to be an established historl. eat Mot, there Is no doubt tbiit tbla land Is In America,, and so tbe first European discovery of America ?ipst be accredited to tbe Norse men. The fundamental question, then,. is this: Are tbe Vlnland voy. ages to be Accepted as historical? Tbo Icelandic sagos reporting tbe voyagta of Leif ElrlksBOn and of Karlnefhl were not composed until two' hundred years After tbe events ,thcrns6lvel, ona In those gagas man; legendary elements have crept in, We are therefore not bound to be' Here everything they narrate. But, tor the main question, we arc not cotlfincd to the testimony of these tate-EDgas. . Already the German chronicler, Afiem of Bremen, who wrote about ; lOIti, using as his source tbe Danish Klpg> Sveln UstrldEon, notes tbe die- 1 : to very of Vlnland, which hn defines ' as a fur-off island In tbe ocean. Tliea \- Vlnlhnd' Is mentioned by tlie great l&felandic; historian, Ari the Lcurn .d,,in his work on Iceland, written 1 about' 1067, and as he belonged to . ,the family of Karlsefnl. he ought to \ kn'oisv \ Further, we know with certainty That the first Bishop of Greenland, ElMk.Gnupsson, set out for Vlnland In tfcfe year 1121, undoubtedly on missionary work. At tbe time, then, Mitre was no doubt of tbe existence cf ^yipland either in Greenland or In Iceland. I think these statements are full; -ooferlndnf: as to the reality of 11ts VlBtahd voyages and thus also of the discovery of America by the Norsemen, Furthermore* It is n note worthy fact that the Icelandic nn halt from the year 1347 tell of Greehjandern who hart gone to Mark land. but who in returning wore driven away to Iceland. This record tfves1 evldenco of a certain amount ef." trktFIc between Greenland and «6fat!AenUl America. 'Thp* we see that the Kom# ais eftVery of America about the year ltlOOihas a secure place In hlitory 1 troat wklek It Mnntt h» AMnl' 