i t I B B ^ BIIDe. TWEASORER'S ANNUAL REVIEW. DETAILS OF REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE. PENSION PAYMENTS WERE WOtEASED. ASSISTANCE FOR PRIMARY INDUSTRIES. ALLOCATION OF GRANTS FOR ROADS. •«• a -I,' ^btaib^g^i^Q^ .iritrodtitiiig. Wb etateffca&d;"M.t liad beeii Ms .aim Mway* l>B«it ibe Budget &s; early as pos- ] gi v O. Parliament fall control i!iMriie«B. 1 HGoing on to deal l^f he increases In the 1925-26 oyer the eelollow:—Interest and Nm,WarIjoans,War PenljindVOld-ege : Pensions, P^ipiiim^id otter Special j£l»5^48;; Ordinary 'rent*; ^£350,752; other jT^BmaSed interest on war loans irlpehsionB wiu based on the asonitkat. Ott deconversion of the [6,000 W^ Jjoin in December j^yone-hilf year's Interest at iije idtreased ratewould fall due for \- ia® 'Sea-. was floated |= ^^VT^' right if contributors of new r^^a^ey^MoeiviB . interest from the date ^^^jtt^'iHfibaptibto War Pensions sJjijoSded the estimate by £143,664. ^j^pii^Tie^ Invalid atad . Olfrage expenditure was calculated on ith&tthe; increased pension of vwsek would come intoopera- January,' Increased payments ' i'JtefJW September.::: .. , "" DUB IJKJRYEAR. the expenditure-.set lie -following moneys not In.the, Budget of 1925-26 ~|I®(ist cFWd in anticipaus in the accounts of the vt^nittruceon, £1,000,- prbyision forAir Services, cienee- and "Industry .invespayment There £28&S44;, whieh. it is pro- m-W^jf^i for:-^Prt>spectii>g * ' metals, .£190/K>0; age .Pensions and Na- ,,£186,944. increases ; ;in . the, revenue fPSj^Vjtftii Jittue.. £1,998,583 1,1>64,1}S4 207,036 90,062, <il,feytj £3,422,001 Sliereceipts 'and expenditure of hnsinras undertakings do not show any considerable variation from the estimate! The actual expenditure of the Post Office was £ 10,645,880, being £38,445' in excess of the estimate, |^!^t tiie Tevenne was £105,251 in ; the actual receipts p-^i^gpip^l^BBL' The costof work. .was beio^r the estimate, I £20,345 theamount estimated. ^ &3SHMT fQr coming year. forl&26-.27 is framed > ; - 'jsr^iGcbrdance *wiUi the Government's |>tt>posal8 -for the : re-adjustment , of th&linances;"•• as between Common-. When conaider- 'V 'infe the expenditure, to be provided tor ^ffW^^P^^Pi.'fy to divide the amount \- ca.plt^l expenditure which; is geaole>galost Jjoanandaiuiual- • f'lfetlinated e^ndlttarefor works out i was • £ expenditure ' and buildings Si^Pie'ft^ma^ViGe'neral's Departme^^and /ranstxuetion and extension ; --jUtiegiraphs " and telephones, r ,£5;000,000; Commonwealth Bail- \- £1,4*74,500; Grafton-South BijBbaiie Kallway, ,£1,000,000; Naval Bases, Floating Dock, Aviation Buildings, Munitions Supply Build- '; ingB and other, Defence Works, £587,500; Advances for purchase of Wire and wire-netting, £500,300; Immigration, advances of passage money, £348,380; Biver Murray Waters Act, £252,500; subscription to capital of Amalgamated Wireless Liipited, £ 250,001; .sundry works of various. Departments, £117,331; subscription to capital of Commonwealth Oil Refineries, £50,000; Loan to Territory of New Guinea for Works, £42,085; total expenditure out of loans for Works, £9,622,- 297; the expenditure on War and Repatriation Services, mainly War Service Homes, is estimated at £938,202, making a total Loan provision for Commonwealth Expenditure of £10,560,499. It is anticipated that not more than £10,000,- 000 of this total will be required, j dProvision — < „ is Bis„ also maHt made f/»r for f £3,400,- S inn - ' 000 for loans for the States for Immigration and £ 2,000,000 for loans for the Federal Capital Commission. SOLDIER LAND SETTLEMENT. In the Budget Speech of last year 1 made a general statement Indicating the part the Commonwealth had taken in the matter of Soldier Land Settlement. The Commonwealth had undertaken to lend the required moneys to the States, at rates of interest corresponding to the cost to the Commonwealth. For the first five years of; each loan to a State, the Commonwealth granted a rebate of interest at the rate of 21 per cent, per annum. The Interest concession made on the Commonwealth Loans, and on certain moneys raised by the States themselves, amounted to £4,740,099. In addition the Commonwealth paid sustenance allowances, amounting to over £500,000, pending productivity of farms. In view of the fact that the losses by the States would be greater than was at first anticipated, the Government decided to write off from the loans to the States the sum of £5,000,000, to enable the States to deal fairly with the settlers. The total contribution by the Commonwealth towards loeses amounted to more than £10.900,000. In addition it was decided to reduce the rate of interest payable by the States to 5 per cent, after 3 let December, 1930\. Formal agreements have now been signed by the Treasurer of the Commonwealth and the Treasurers of the several States covering the whole of the arrangements between the Governments in regard to Soldier Land Settlement. The agreements are subject to ratification by the several Parliaments, and will shortly be submitted to Parliament. WIRE' NETTING. With a .view to increasing the carrying capacity of our pastoral areas, and aastetlnjg the State Governments to extend their schemes for providing settfetp with material for 'vermin-proof fences, the Commonwealth Government last year under- took to lend £3,000,000 at the rate of £ 500,000* a year for six years, at concession,rate8 of interest. The proposals of "the. Commonwealth having recently been Agreed to by several States, the Government will shortly brine down a Bill to give effect to its promise.. REDUCTION OF WAR DEBT. The outstanding feature of the National Debt operations in recent years is the systematic reduction of the War Debt. Though new borrow is increasing the amount of the gross debt, the Commonwealth has, since the war, practically limited Its loan expenditure to developmental and reproductive works which provide re venue-producing assets to off-set the ;new debt created. Australia £28,509,000 less war debt tq-day than four years ago. In the eame period the |iet debt fell by £16i0,00l despite the fact that the Post Offic* created oyer £16,000,000 of new assets during that time and many other necessary public works were provided. SINKING i FUND AND DEBT REDEMPTION. Substantial contributions'were again made last year for the ledemption of the public debt of the Commonwealth. The contributions from revenue were:— For payment to the sinking fund, including special contribution of £1,000,- 000, £2,796,722; for payment to the British Government, £1,231,723; total from revenue, £4,028,445; repayments of moneys lent by the Commonwealth, £777,706; half of Commonwealth Bank profits, £226,176; reparation moneys received under the treaty of peace with Germany, £302,921; interest on invest mens, £83,950; contributions by States in respect of loans raised on their behalf by Commonwealth, £76,711; total made available during 1925-26 for the redemption of debt, £5,495,909. Since the establishment of the National Debt Sinking Fnnd, less than three years ago, a total- of £20,067,046 has been ap plied to the redemption of debt. COMMONWEALTH BANK. The Commonwealth Bank, which was bounded in 191^ and given central banking functions and a Board of Directors in 1924, is intimately associated with the loan operations of the Commonwealth Government. During 'the first two apd a.half yeara of the Bank's working it earned no profit. The transactions undertaken by the -Bank for the Government during the war'and the immediate post-war periods enabled great profits to be made, which amounted^ one/year to as much as £847,000. Since that time, Treasury balances have jftojn® back to normal, with a consequent decline in the earnings of the Bank. The profits of the test three years, namely:— %923 .. £328,000 1924 .. .. •• 261,000 1925 ' \- - . • 452,000 show that the Bank is making progress under normal conditions and under the new management. BUBAL CREDITS DEPARTMENT.. The Rural Credits Department of the Commonwealth Bank is passing safely through its initial stages. Already^ it is handling wheat, frozen eggs, dried fruits, wines and osmiridium. Allegations that ths Rural Credits Department has been unable to function in particular cases on investigation have been found t~ be based upon instances in which no proper security for advances could be given. The Act requires that the produce on which advances may be made shall be placed under the legal control of "the" Bank. This legal control may be given either by way of debenture or by placing the produce in a store or on a slup, and by handing the covering documents to the Bank. In every case there must, of course, be a sufficient margin between the value of t".e produce and'the advance. No good purpose would be served in taking uncommercial risks. It is in the interests of the primary producers themselves that the rural credits business shall be conducted on a sound basis. HOUSING. The question of the housing of the people affects the comfort -tud wellbeing of the individual, and the efficiency of the individual is necessary to the national welfare and progress. In accordance with the policy announced prj or to t jj e last election, the Govern menf. j n consultation with the Board of the Commonwealth Bank is preparing the details of a scheme to be submitted to Parliament to enable the Commonwealth Savings Bank to assist in the provision of homes for the people, both by new construction and by purchase. For this purpose iv-nds up to £20,000,000 in all will be provided. The intention is that advances shall be made by the Commonwealth Savings Bank up to amounts which, consistent with safety, shall be a high percentage of the total cost. It is desired also to keep interest rates down to a minimum. The Commonwealth has already provided 28,813 war service homes, and this has assisted to meet the acute shortage of houses. It might here be mentioned that since the War Service Homes Department was reorganised in 1922 no losses have oecur- Tcd. There is immense work yet to l>e done to meet the demand for good housing and the desire for individual ownership. The Government's intention is to assist and supplement tiic existing activities, both State and private. Since the Commonwealth Government's housing scheme was announced notable changes have occurred in the liberality with which the existing institutions are viewing the demands of home-seekers. DEFENCE. The five-year programme announced in the Budget of 1924 to improve the Army, the Navy, and the Air Services, and to enlarge the organisation of a munitions supply, is being active-y pursued. The building of two 10,000- ! Ion cruisers, two submarines, and a j seaplane-carrier is prof-cediag. The Government has agreed to make a payment to the New South Wales Govern- ment of £135,000 a6 a subsidy towards the cost of a floating dock at New- 1 castle, on the understanding that the dock will be capable of accommodating the new cruisers. During the past financial year a satisfactory advance was made with the developmental services, including the enlistment of personnel for the cruisers and submarines, the extension of oil fuel facilities, training of Boyal Australian Naval Beserves, purchase of munitions, artillery equipment, etc. There has been substantial progress in the building of munition factories, and in Air Force buildings, at Point Cook, Laverton, and Bichmond. Additional personnel will be enlisted during 1926-27 to provide for the manning of the submarines, the cruisers and the seaplane-carrier, and" for the establishment of a new Air Graft Squadron. The training of an additional quota of Boyal Australian Naval Beserves and Citizen Air Force training will continue. Provision is being made for the building and filling of an oil tank. . INVALID AND OLD-AGE PENSIONS. ' The hope that the researches of the Boyal Commission on National Insur ance would be sufficiently advanced to enable the Government to bring down, during last financial year, a national insurance scheme in connection wito old age and sickness, unfortunately, has not been realised. Accordingly in September the Government obtained legislative authority for an increase in the rate of pensions from 17/6 to 20/ a week in anticipation of the adoption of national ins.ra^ce. In addition n o statutory limit of income plus pension waB increased from 30/ to 32/6 week. This increase was additional to the previous increase of 5/ a fortnight made nndec the present Government in September, 1923. The large number of new claims which have been received shows that the increase of pensions to £1 per week has been greatly appreciated by the old and infirm. In the nine months from October, 1925, when the increase to £1 per week began to operate, more than 21,000 new pensions have been granted. This slightly exceeds the total number of grants for the whole of the preceding twelve months. The number of pen sions at ^present in force is approximately 176,000, an increase of more than 13,000 during the year after allowing fcr deaths. The amount paid in pensions during 1925-26 was £8,252,382. It is estimated that an amount of £9,000,000 will be required for pension purposes during 1926-27. These figures afford a convincing proof that the Commonwealth realises its oh ligations to, the aged and invalid members of the community. The Govern ment is still of opinion that the present method of providing relief does not fulfil all requirements. It i6 looking •forward to the time when, as a result of the inquiries of the National In surance Commission, it will be in position to present to Parliament national scheme fcr old age, sickness and unemployment. COTTON. For some years the Commonwealth Government has joined with the cot ton-growing States in guaranteeing prifees' for seed cotton. This method of assisting the growing of Australian cotton, however, has not been wholly satisfactory, and the Commonwealth Government, after full consideration, has come to the conclusion that this industry can best be assisted by means Of-a bounty. The Government believes it to be a sound economic policy not only to encourage the growing of cot ton, but also the spinning of cotton yarn and manufacture of cotton goods in Australia. There does not appear to be any reason why eventually the whole of the Australian crop should not be manufactured into cotton goods in Australia. The Government, accordingly, proposes, to ask Parliament to grant, as a first step towards this objective, a bounty on seed cotton and on the spinning of cotton yarns. The bounties are estimated to total £150,000. WOOL. After the suspension of wool sales in March, 1925, selling was resumed in July, and continued without interruption thereafter. The whole of the 1925-1926 clip has now been disposed of and the "carry over" from the previous season of about 500,000 bales has been sold. Competition, chiefly from French buyers, raised prices slightly till November, when the demand from that quarter fell off to some extent, with the result that slight fall marked later, sales. The market seems to have steadied at prices that may be considered fairly remu nerative to growers and, as far as they can be estimated, the prospects for the new season, which will open in August next, are encouraging. The recent general strike in England had the effect of reducing the consumption of wool, and the continuance cf the coal strike must retard the operations of manufacturers resuming normal proportions. The financial disorders the ccntinent of Europe may also have an adverse effect on the market. Stocks are believed to be light in all consum ing centres, so that it is not an unreasonable expectation that a ready outlet will be found for the growing clip at fair prices. WHEAT. Owing to a rather dry winter and spring, the wheat harvest was not up to expectations. Prices, howeverwere satisfactory. It is forecasted that the area under wheat in the present season will constitute a vec ord and, as early rains have enabled seeding operations to be conducted under the best conditions, there every possibility that a big harvest will result. I am advised that good prices are likely to be realised for the new wheat. DAIRY PRODUCE. During the year the Export Con trol Board has saved, the industry nearly £ 20,000 per annum by ob taining a reduction in marine surance, and regulated the export of butter to Great Britain, and, in co- operation with its London agency has been able to prevent violent fluctuations in prices. The improvement in quality brought about by pasteurisation, the stan dardisation of the produce under the national "Kangaroo" brand, and orderly marketing 1 , have resulted in bringing the London prices of Aus tralian butter to the New Zealand level and almost to the Danish. The Paterson scheme at the same time assisted to maintain local prices, Trade with the East in butter, cheese and other dairy produce has expand ed. The Government lias approached the States with a view to the en cour&gement; of fodder production and conservation, to the better education of butter and cheese factor managers and employees, and to the establishment of dairy colleges. BOUNTIES. During the year 1925-26 bounties totalling £498,582 were paid on primary and secondary product: £242,005 were paid on galvanised sheets, fencing wire, wire netting and tractors. The bounties on wine totalled £217,109. £ 38,549 was paid under the Sulphur Bounty Act 1923 and £10,962 under llie Canned Fruity Bounty Act 1924. During the year the payments under the Export Guara nlee. Act, which was passed lo assist, the oversea marketing of primary produce, amounted lo £53,000. This assistance included £ 2 4.510 to t he hop inclii -i ry I ot Tasmania, £ 17.117 to dor;u!iUi> grape growers and £ 8,927 to exporters of canned fruits. MAIN ROADS. With the modern development of internal combustion engines, road transportation has become an essential factor in the commercial and social life of the community. These interests demand a systematic development of Australian roads of a standard suitable for motor traffic, which should specially contribute in some measure to the facilities it needs. The State Governments, lacking the power to impose Customs duties, are unable to effectively reach all road users. The Commonwealth, therefore, is co-operating with the States in a national roads policy, and will impose special Customs duties which will be hypothecated for road construction. By imposing these duties at the source, the ordinary trade process of passing on costs will ultimately result In the road users paying this special tax proportionate, ly to their use of the roads. In 1923, the Commonwealth Government granted £ 500,000 to the States on a pound-for-pound basis for the construction of main developmental roads, and in the subsequent years, sums of £500,000 and £750,000 were provided on a similar basis. The results of these expenditures have been so satisfactory that the Govern ment, in conference with the States, recently evolved a scheme of national road development contemplating an expenditure of £35,000,000 in a period of ten years. Of this sum, £20,000,000 will be contributed by the Commonwealth, £5,000,000 be- ing from existing sources of its revenue, and £15,000,000 will be obtained from additional collections of revenue from road users through the Customs. FEDERAL GRANT. The Commonwealth will distribute its contribution on a basis of area and population, threefifths according to population and two-fifths on area. The States' contribution of £ 15,000, 000 may be derived either from revenus or from loan. When the State contribution is from loan, a per cent, sinking fund is being arranged to ensure that at the end of twenty years after completion of road it will be free from debt. Brovision is made for the permanent maintenance and upkeep of roads constructed or reconstructed under the scheme. The roads included in the scheme are:—(1) main roads which open up and develop new country; (2) trunk roads between main towns; (3) arterial roads to carry concentrated traffic from developmental, main trunk, and other roads. This will in effect be the first instalment and from the basis of a national roads scheme. When completed it will be capable of ex tension in such a,manner that the whole of our future roads construc tion will 'dovetail into the works now proposed. In taking this step Australia is putting herself into line with what has been done in America and. Britain where road users for many years have contributed a very substantial part of the cost of road upkeep and construction. Only height. man in ivcr <ift. in 