DEVELOPMENT OF AUSTRALIA AND MIGRATION :o: A few days ago the Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce) moved in the House of Representatives the second reading of the Development and Migration Bill, a measure which is of some in terest to the South-East, as it is stat ed that our Government is about to take advantage of its provisions to develop the South-East in afforesta tion and increased settlement. The Imperial Government wants an outlet for its surplus population in the Old Land, and Australia wants more people to develop its resources, and we are anxious for people of the right sort, who will be animated with en ergy and enterprise to better them selves, and if they have some capi tal all the better. We do nojb know if there are any of the stamp of the early pioneers left in the Old Land, who did not come to a new land to calculate minutely the number of hours they should work in the week. Those early settlers lived wonder fully useful lives in this land, and if thiey did have to do hard work and overcome many obstacles, they lived long and happy. Doubtless there are many still in the Old Land who will make good settlers, and be happy in being busy. This Bill for develop ment and migration is the outcome of an offer from the Imperial Govern ment to the Dominions with unde veloped land that required population to provide money by way of a loan at a cheap rate of interest for works of development, which will give employment fio the migrants that will come from Britain. The colonies of Australia, when in their infancy, had a similar policy to develop their lands. The various col onial Governments before Federation had policies of immigration for de veloping their states, and they bor rowed money for public works to de velop iheir country. It was this po Ilicy that gave the Australian colonies a solid foundation, and a fine class of immigrants came from the home 1 land under it, who in most cases had J little or no capital, but they made capital for themselves and for others to build upon. The Imperial Government is acting through the Federal Government in this matter, and the States have to sign an agreement if they wish to take advantage of this scheme of de velopment. The Federal Government is responsible to the Imperial Govern ment for the working of the agree ment. A number of the States' Go vernments have signed the agree ment, including the South Australian Governments. Some of the Govern ments, being in a measure under the control of the industrial unions, who do not favor immigration, were tardy in signing the agreement to get a share of this money for development purposes, and we believe that the New South Wales Government has not yet signed the agreement, being under the impression that they could borrow money themselves as much as they like without haying its ex penditure controlled by an agreement, but they have found that it is not so easy to borrow in the London mar ket. The Prime Minister explained the provisions of the Bill in ?. clear con cise manner. The Federal Govern ment has decided to appoint a Com mission to control the affairs of liiis agreement. All the seh-jf.i»s si'twit ted by the States must be recom mended by the Migration Cciiimission, which would exhaustively investigate them. It would comprise the best persons possible, and would see that the schemes were the best possible from a business point of view. Toh commission, he believed, would be a great power inasmuch as it touM provide the necessary personal fom-h between the Commonwealth and State Governments. He thought the State Governments would welcome the co operation of that commission. It would control the migration staff, and would, in fact, handle the whole mi gration matters. The Commission, Mr. Bruce continued, would fill a grave want in Australia. Its expenditure would go before Parliament in the ordinary way, and would be voted by the Legislature. The plan of the Bill is as follows: -It makes a provision for a Com-1 mission of four persons, a Chairman, a Vice-Chairman, and two ordinary members, on whose shoulders the en tire administration of the Act is to be placed. The functions of the Com mission will be first to carry out the development policy of the Act, both by co-ordinating schemes of develop ment now in existence, and by inves tigating and extending existing in dustries and promoting new ones ; and secondly, to superintend migra tion. It is interesting to note that sub-sections (5) and (6) of section 13a of the Bill contemplate the con trol and supervision of development works by the Commission. In regard to migration, the function of the Com mission will be that of a guiding hand over any state schemes that may be undertaken in pursuance of the migration agreement, or any fur ther agreement of the kind, or other, schemes which may seem necessary as a result of the inflow of migrants. Unveiling and 'Dedication Service. This (Tuesday) evening in St. Paul's Church of England the Archdeacon of Adelaide, the Very Eev. John Moyes, M.A., will unveil and dedicate the Girr bacli memorial window. The service will commence at 7.45 o'clock. Oddfellows' Social. - The annual dance social in connection with the Mos qnito Plains Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U., will be held in the Institute Hall, Narra ooorte, on Wednesday (to-morrow) even ing, and there is every prospect ot tfae gathering being a large and enjoyable one. The admission will be 7/6 for doable ticket, 61 single ticket, and 2/6 lady's ticket, in cluding taxes. Mr. C. Berry's jazz band will provide the dance mnsio.J District Council Nominations.-On Satnrday next, June 12, nominations are due at noon (or candidates to fill the annual vacancies for councillors and audi tors in the District Councils throughout the state. The retiring candidates are in every instance eligible for re-election, and in all cases where more than tbe required number of candidates are nominated to fill the vacancies an election by ballot will be held on Saturday, July 3, The retiring councillors in the Narracooite District Council are:-Kybybolite Ward, S. Shep herd; Robertson Ward, H. C. Mclnnea; Hynam Ward, J. B. Nolan; Lochaber Ward, M. E. Wardle; auditor, A. J. AttiwilJ. For the Kobe District Council one councillor will be required for each of tha Central, South, North, and Smith Wards, and one auditor. For the Lncin dale District Council, two councillors for each ot the Joyce and Conmurra Wards, one for tbe Fox Ward, and one for auditor. For the Penola Distriot Council, two councillors for the Penola Ward, one each for tbe North, Central, and South Wards, and one auditor. For the Lace pede District Council, two councillors for the Central and East Wards, one for the North Ward, and one auditor; and for the Tatiara District Council, one councillor each for tbe Border Town, Mundalla, Stirling, and Buckingham wards, and one auditor. Wives! If yon have trouble with your husband's relations see Virginia Valli with her dramatic battle in the great picture *' Siege," with Mary Alden and Eugene O'Brien at Saturday's Pictures.-Ad. 6187o Saturday's Pictures.-A woman of iron againBt a girl of steel; a strong willed, hide-bound Puritan in mortal strife with the young wife of her weak-willed son. This is the situation dealt with in the Universal-Jewel production, "Siege," from the famous novel by Samuel Hopkins Adams, whiqh will be soreened at the Austral Pictures on Saturday evening in the Institute Hall, Narraooorte. The battle eternal-between the yonng wife and her husband's relatives, who are bent on rnling her home and her very existence; this epic straggle for the right to life and liberty formB a tremendous drama, grip ping m the extreme, with a climax that is thrilling beyond words in the soreen ver sion directed by Svend Gade, the noted Danish director, referred to by many critics as the greatest drama of the year. Virginia Valii and Eugene O'Brien are co starred in this produetioH, in which Mary Alden plays a distinguished characteri zation in the role of "Annt Anguata," dominant and cruel, whose unbending will clashes with the unyielding personality of the clear-eyed girl ot today. Other notei players in the all-star oast are Marc Mao Dermott, Harry Lorraine, Baa trie o Born ham and Helen Dunbar. The other pic ture on the programme is a photoplay giving the story of the tragedy that lurked behind honeymoon dreams of a growing indifference that swept a wife and child into the abyss of despair; it is an answer to the question "Can love really die." Alice Joyce and Peroy Marmont appear in the lending parts, Why did Daddy go a hunting ? and where did he wander to ? See Saturday's Pictures.-Ad. 51870 Adelaide Sheep Market.-Both sheep and lambs were considerably scarcer at the Adelaide abattoirs market on Wednes day June 2, and the bulk comprised light j and heavy weights in only killable to use ful order, Competition throughout was of a more buoyant nature, and values from the start showed a decided advance on late rates, especially towards the close. The somber of lambs penned was short of trade requirements, and, in consequence, com petition was excited at values much in advance of last week's high rates. The king onto his jester spake "I oonnsel seek from thee, wise olown. Pray tell me, what's the best to take When oongh and oold shall get me down?" The jester answered with a grin "O, sire, the best of all, be sure, For coughs and colds awaits within, A bottle of Woods' Great Peppermint Cure." Special Optical Notice.-Mr. S. B. Abotomey, F.S.O.I., F.Y.O.A. the well known' Melbonrne optician, will personally visit Narracoorte, on Monday, June 14, from 11 a.m. to 6 Ip.m., when he may be consulted at the Narracoorte Hotel, on all matters pertaining to the eyes and glasses. What happens after the honeymoon P Hera is an outstanding motion-pioture which deals with real people, and un flinchingly exposes the problems of modern day marriage. See " Siege" at Saturday's Pictures.--Ad. 6187o King's Birthday Holiday. - Monday was observed as s public holiday in honor of the 61st birthday of King George V. whioh fell on Thursday last. There wero no local fixtures and several of the sporting clubs were represented in matches away from home. A party of golf playeie went to Mount Gambier, a team from the local Girls' Hockey Association visited Border town to play the annual game with the Tatiara representatives there. A team of rifle shooters from the Narracoorte Rifle Club left here on Saturday morning early to fire matches at Port MacDonnell on Saturday and Mount Qambier on Monday. A team of B. tirade footballers from here went to Kingston by the rail way motor to play a match with the sea side representatives. There were no pub lic fixtures in NaTracoorte, but the busin ess places were closed. The weather was bright, with a crisp atmosphere following on a severe frost in the morning. There are no picturea on Wednesday this week. But don't forget to oome on Saturday sight and yon will see two fine photo-plays.-Ad. 5187o To Our Readers.- Oar report of the last monthly meeting of the Narracoorta Corporation will be found on onr fourth page. We would call the attention of oar subscribers and readers to the fact that interesting local and district news as well bb other items of information will nearly always now be found on the fourth and extra pages, ofoar issaes as well as on the inside pages which places adver tisements in these parts of the paper in an equal position to those on the other pages. Any part of the paper can now be reckoned a good position for advertisements. Railway Requirements at Mount Gambler.-Happy must be the community that have suob abuudant facilities in rail way communication that it ia perplexed about which of them should be made moBt efficient (or the development of the trade of the place. Oar Mount Gambier friends are in that happy position, bat in their happiness tbey are a bit ^ worried. They have a railway to a port on the weat of them, and a railway to a port on the east side of them, and in addition they have railway communication with Melbourne and Adelaide. Some might call it an em barrassment of riches. The worry is aboat the two railway lines connecting them with Melbourne and Adelaide ; the ports are back numbers. They want improved railway communication with Adelaide by the removal of the break of gauge at AVoleeley, and broadening the gange to Mount Gambier, which they urge would givo them greater facilities for trading with Adelaide, the capital aity of their own state, and it might be said alBO greater facilities for trading with Mel bourne, as our southara friends can also get to Melbourne via Wolseley. Last week Victorian railway officials visited Monnt Gambier, and a deputation waited upon them pleadiDg for better passenger and traffic facilities between Melbourne and Mount Gambier. In respect to pas sengers, they wanted to reach Melbourne in one day on two occasions daring the week. Via Wolseley they can reach Mel bourne six days in the week. It was stated that the Wednesday train was the only link between Mount Gambier and Portland. The original advocates of this line prophesied more business for it than a link one day in the week. A special motor service was suggested to be run on the line. The deputation also wanted the prefer ential freight rateB on railwayB running towards the Border of the State so much cherished by Viotorians in the past ex tended to their town. That would be taking trade from the line to Adelaide, and would not give muoh encouragement tor our Government broadening the gauge from Wolseley to Mount Gambier. When we read all this, we are constrained to look back into other years. They were then pregnant with bright hopes, which have sinoe become disappointments. During the month of May 4.92 inches o' rain were registered at Minimay, 34r points of which fell between Saturday May 29 and Tuesday June 1. At the Maryborough (Q) show One More cleared 7ft. 6$in. in the high jump> breaking the Queensland record. The horse is owned by Mrs. Laidlaw, of the Western district of Victoria. Fine Weather.-During the last few "days "we have had fine weather, and the burst of wajjm sunshine has been appreciated. Heavy clouds about on Saturday looked as if they would give a fall of rain, but there was only a light shower in the afternoon. Sun day and Monday were beautiful days. 