GEELONG. Early on Saturday, morning Robert Jones, aged 24 years, an immigrant, was found by the watchman between two trucks in the Gecloiig railway yard. The' man 'was not employed in the railway service, and as .his conduct v.-ns dee'nied- to be suspicious he was arrested.' Jones was brought before Gcelong police court on Saturday on a charge of having been, found by night .011 the railway premises without lawful excuse. He was remanded. The Danish' steamer Bolivia, which had brought 'oil ' and timber from America to this port,, sailed on Saturday evening for Port Kembla. She waB in ballast. In . connection with ; the , celebration of- the 84th anniversary of Yarra-street Methodist Church,- a reunion . of old scholars was held in the -Sunday school hall 011 Sulurday evening. Yarra-street church is the pioneer Methodist church of Gcploug district. . Mcmbei-s of Geelong branch of the South African, Glimu and other war veterans' association, and representatives of Gee- long branch of the R.S.b.I.L.A., journeyed to Inveileigh on. Sunday to take part in the annual service held at tlio base of the. Invorleigh war memorial. ; : .'The Hedcmptorist Fathers inaugurated a fortnight's mission at St. Mary's Church on Sunday. ; Mr. P. Blcasdidc, who has . been trans- fcned from the staff of Geelong telephone exchange to take charge of the telephone service at Yea, -has been presented bv Iiir Geelong colleagues with- an inscribed gold watch and travelling bag. .- Geelong branch of. 'the Taxpayers'. As sociation of Victoria is much concerned nt- the state of .Victoria's . finances recently disclosed by the Auditor-Generals' report. It. lias carried n resolution "tslrongly urg ing thnt. before committing the country to increased taxation searching inquiries be made regarding ; the conduct of the various departments with a view to a stungent policy of. ... retrenchment -being immediately put. into- force." Sir. H. F- Richardson, Minister of .l'oreste, stated on Saturday thnt the Chnri- ties Board had approved of' the- plans for a new ' morgue, ,to be creeled in the grounds at the roar of the Kitchener Me morial Hospital. They have- to be -en-' noised by. the Crown Law department, and bv the lime that , has been done a bill will have- been prepared to bring' before Parliament, with the object of clos ing Liltlo Ryric-street. at the rear, of the hospital. The new morgue, .with furni ture, is - estimated to cost £2000, and when it is ready for use the present pulv lic morgue on the bcaeh will be demol ished. ' The funeral of the late Rebecca Rosen berg, wife of Mr. Benjamin Rosenberg, of Geelong West, took place on Sunday morning." (Those present included all the members of the Jewish community in Gee long, and several residents of Melbourne. The service at the graveside was con ducted by Rev. S. M. Solomon, of Bourke- street Synagogue, and there was another service at the home of the bereaved family on Sunday evening. The late Mrs. Rosen berg was a former mayoress of Geelong West, and a sister of Mr. Henry Marks, of.Fiji. A. week ago she was apparently in robust health but a few days ago she became ill, and was removed to a private hospital on Friday evening to be operated upon, but it was of no avail. She leaves a widower and four children. The.war ships in the bay made a fine display -with searchlights on. Satnrday evemng, and on Sunday they were visited by a'large iiumber of .civilians. : 