RURAL TOPICS. The rainfall in Victoria during the past week lias been moderate and of general distribution. The wheat-growing areas have again received refreshing showers, while in the dairying districts light rain and rising temperatures have combined to promote the rapid growth of pasture grasses. Cream supply to the factories is increasing, and in some cases the butter output is above the average for this time of the j-ear. Preliminary estimate? indi cate that a larger area has been sown with wheat, and as, with few exceptions the crops are looking particularly well, n record harvest should result. Useful rains have been recorded in the pastoral areas of New South Wales, South Australia, and Western Australia. Indications are that the Railways do partuient will handle a record wheat hai vest this year. The preliminary inquiry j into harvest prospects has already begun, and Mr. T. B. Moloinby, one of the Hail ways Commissioners, has returned from a tour of inspection in the wheat belt. Mi Moloinby, who visited the Rainbow, Hope turn, and Rupauyup districts, said yester day that at every place at which he stop ped the crops were in a splendid condition, and it was freely stated that they had nevei been better. Most farmers in the district expected that a record harvest would be obtained. This year it is likely that con siderable quantities of wheat will be re ceived from stations along the new border railway line to Balranald. The line passes through a belt of first-class land, and it is believed that many of the landholders in the district are planting wheat this season for the first time. Several young Ayrshires by Bellboy of Oakbank, in the Scotswood herd of Air ! A. H. Schier, at Kernot, give promise of developing icto dairy cows of outstanding merit. Two of the heifers that commenced their Government test periods as two-year olds have completed the nine months' term with a record of 3231b. and 3231b. butter fat, and are due to calve again within 12 months of the beginning of the test. One of these heifers, Scotswood Mitre produced 201b. of milk, testing 5.1, on the last days of the test. Her dam, Scotswood Mistress, was by Warwick of Sparrovale. from Mitre of Balvoruiie. The other heifer, Scotswood Adoration, is a daughter of Adella of Inverloigh, whose dam, Adella 3rd of Raith. was a full sister to the Mel bourne Show champion, Adella 2nd of Oakbank. Her dam was also by War wick of Sparrovale. Her production at the close of her test was 201b. milk, testing 5.65 per cent, butter-fat. The two heifcrp and their dams were bred by Mr. A. H. Schier. In the Legislative Assembly last week, Mr. Frost (Lab., Maryborough) referred to the question of wheat supplies. The price of wheat had increased enormously, he eaid, in the last fortnight. Ministers had pro mised to see that sufficient wheat would be retained in Victoria for home consump tion, but the position threatened to be very serious. He believed that there was only a small surplus of wheat in three States-South Australia, Western Aus tralia, and Victoria. For this surplus New Zealand and New South Wales were com peting. He was not sure that there was a real shortage, but if there was, the Minis try was responsible. The priec of wheat at present was 7/ a bushel, but if wheat liad to be imported from overseas the price would be 0/ a bushel, or more, lie stronglj suspected that a shortage existed, and thai speculators had "corneicd"' the market j Ho asked the Ministry (o ascertain what supplies there wore in Victoria, and for an assurance that sufficient supplies would tie retained. The value of 1 lie district ex hibits to Queensland cannot he calculated in money; their national helpfulness is inestimable." 6aid Air J. P IJoUomley, at the presentation of prizes to district exhibit dinners at the Brisbane show last week. The marked advance in the quality of the products displayed from tropical Queensland had shown that it was not true that the north was not a white man's country. Cable advices received by the Dairy Pro duce Control Board from its London ngenc" slates that the market for butter is slightly j firmer. Danish is quoted at 173/ a cut! New Zealand at 174/ to 176, salted "lvan'i garoo" 109/ to 170/, Continent of Uuropel 1G0/ to 170/, and Siberian butter at 140/' to ]«/ a cwt. The agency stales that, the butter position is steady, but it sees no reason why prices should advance ! I here is no alteration iu the cheese mar-[ kct. I A report on the operations at the sew age farm of the Melbourne and Metro politan Board of Works at U'erribee foi tlie financial year shows that there was a trading profit for the year of £33,315. 1'lie re\enue from the sale of eheep and woo) was £28,930, that from cattle sales £IS,4iO, returns from grazing fees were £8,305, and the revenue from the sale of lucerne hay was £3,344 The amount oi money receired as rent was £2,279 In the year 21.444 sheep were purchased and I9,u>0 were sold. There were 9,359 ghcep on the farm at the end of the quartet, and l''e,,°',e,!!.t,i0ns 6lloucd « «'<\--t profit of ' . _ 11,e nilD,bcr oi cattle purchased was 3,<01, and the numbei sold was 5,9113 ihe profit from the sale of cattle was £29,003, which was more than one-third sold for "',lidl twists were Kkperiencc in the Victorian Immigration Bureau shows that migrants who are given work ou farms as a rule fake heartily to the life. Surprising as it may seem, some of the most enthusiastic farm workers are men and women from the heart of such cities as London and Birmingham. They like the country life and the free atmos phere, and most of all, the opportunity to make money. They are great savers, but when they have accumulated a little money the first instinct of manv is to send for relatives and friends at home. What particularly appeals to them is the relatively much higher wages than can be I earned here in both town and country.! 1 rcvauing rates of wages iu the agricul- I tural and pastoral industries in 1924-25, ac-! cording to the Victorian Year Book, were j as follow Ploughmen 5()/ a Ke"k !. arm Labourers 42/G a week Threshing.machine Hand* . 15d. an lioui Harvest Hands 33/ fl dil" _ 37/6 a week. p-T*1 Couples CO/ i week. I emale Servants 27/6 a week t.neyard Hands «"/ a wcp|. Orchard Gardeners <0/ a week Kepresentatives of various public bodies in the Western district waited on the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Bourchicr) last week with a request that the proposed dairy college should be established at Colae. The deputation was introduced by Mr. McDonald, M.L.A. (honorary Minister), and was accompanied by the Minister lor Forests (Mr. Richardson) and Mr. Oman, M.L.A. It was claimed by the deputation that Colac. being the centre of a prosperous dairying district, was most suit able for the establishment of a dairy college. In reply Mr. Bourehier said that the Cabinet had approved a recommendation which he had made favouring the estab lishment of a dairy college. A site had not been selected, but a sub-committee, consisting of Mr. McDonald, Mr. McGre gor, M.L.C-, .Mr. Mackrell, M.L.A. (honor ary Minister), and himself, had been ap pointed to consider the question. The first college would be established in a cen tral position. If it ".cre established at \Yerribee, where the Ministry owned land, the cost would be about £Ar>,000, whereas it would cost about £50,000 to build a col lege elsewhere. Among the more recent sales of «tock from Messrs. Flack and Gamble's Friesian stud at Berwick is the young bull Burn bank Bain field Beets, bought by Mr. Hal ley, of Bena. This is the second calf from Burnbank Bain field Patch, the three-year old which has this year given the top vield of her age over all cattle under Govern ment test in her record of 1.559 gallons of iniik testing 3.81 per cent., and a total of 6001b. of butter-fat in 273 days. This young cow lias particularly good dairy records behind lier. Her sire is Hock Patch 189 the champion show bull of the Melbourne Royal, whose dam, tested as a three-year old, gave 4771b. of butlcr-fat in 273 days, and his sire had a 7001b. daughter. The dam of Burnbank Bainfield Patch wa? I Haiufie'd 40th, which in last .year's Govern ment test gave 6021b. of butter-fat in 273 tlajs. The sire i«f Mr. llarlcy's purchase is from a Xetv Zealand cow, with a 52511). of '.Hitter-fat record. and his eirc has seven daughters with records averaging 2,ITS gal lons of milk and 70tlb. of butter- fat a cow iu tlic year's lost. This young bull if used to best advantage should breed up Mr. liar ley's herd into one of the highest produc ing in bis district. A South African report plates- that farmers arc badly hit by the failure ol the maize crops nnd the shortage of citrus fruit. No maize is available for export this year, although there is sufficient for local requirements. '-Hie citrus exports will be barely equal lo those of last year, and at present arc suspended. The short age is due to unseasonably cold and wot weather. The West Australian ollice of the Colon-, ial Sugar l'etining Co., at Freinantle, an nounced last week that it had received the following telegram from its head ollice at Sydney: tinder llie directiun of the Govern ment ol (.'ucuiiflaiid llie Colonial Sugar Itefinrng Company. as agents (or the (<ovviiini<,nt, tierrhv announces lliat un less tlie Itetailere' Association will undertake to sec tliat the mail pric-e of A1 sugar is reduced in I'ertli and t'leniimtle to 4i<i. a lb., as in tlic capital ritic? of (lie pastern States, by Auguist 1G, the Cui'ernniciit will take such steps as will in its opiniuii help (o bring about this result. A message from Murwillutubah (N.S.W.) states that iibout 1,000 toua of Eugar- canc was damaged by a serious eaue Gre at Cudgen. Fanned by a strong north- easterly breeze, the (lames made headway before the fire was seen, and several houses were threatened.After a strenuous light, in which cutters, farmers, and others participated, the flames were controlled. The Colonial Sugar liefiniug Co. Ltd. has made arrange ments to have the burned cane harvested as scion as possible. The chairman of Un1 Victorian Dried Fruits Heard "(Mr. .1. XI. Hall'our) said yes terday that it had been decided to increase to CO per cent., the proportion of the lesia crop which could be sold upon the Com monwealth market. Tlie quotas for cur rants and suUxims would remain the same as at present, namely '20 per cent, and 30 per rent, respectively. This decision hail been reached after consultation with the South Australian Dried Fruits Board, and tlie quotas would therefore lie the same ill each State. The Co-operative Wheat l'ool of Victoria Ltd. has decided upon a third advance of lOd. a bushel, available on Friday, August 13, which brings the total payments up to 5/10. The management states that further payments will be made later. Com pared with other Australian pools, the Vic torian Co-operative Pool has made the same payments as the New South Wales Co operative l'ool. The Victorian Wheat growers' Corporation has paid 0/9, the. West Australian Co-operative Pool 0/6, j and the South Australian Co-operative Pool, 5/3. Arrangements have been com pleted for the co-operative handling and marketing of wheal in the coming sea son. The two I'rie.-iaii cows which are at tlie top of the list of all breeds in the Govern ment test this year are owned by Mr. James Plattfuss, of Tougala. These are Westmere Oakwood Piebe and Westmere Oakwood Duchess, and they are half-sisters, being daughters of the bull Dominion Oakwood. As four year-olds last year Piebe gave 635 lb. of ? butter-fa' in 273 dav>- and Duchess gave C38lb. This year at five years! old they are both in the senior eow class, and Piebe has given 7261b. of butter-fat in the nine months and Duchess has given 7021b. They are both very regular breeders also. I11 1924 Duchess calved on August 3 and in 1025 on September 21. This year she has conic in with twin calves 011 August 5\. These arc a fine pair, the bull weigh ing S3lb. at birth and the heifer weighing 811b. This is four calves in two years and two days. Piebe bad her 1921 calf on An gust 2!J, ;ind she had a twin pair then. She had a heifer 011 August 10 of last year, and a bull (all' weighing 1011b at birth on August (i this year. In her case this is four calves in 23 days under the two years. It is evidence of strong constitution in dairy stock when two young cows, breeding so regularly and vciy prolific, each give over 12 cwt. of lnitiei fat in two tests of nine months each. Proposals for the appointment of advisory boards iu irrigation districts have been ap proved by the Water Supply Commission. Tlie chairman of the commission (Mr \V Cattanac-h) last season made a suggestion that in each irrigation district an advisory board, consisting of not fewer than thrct nor more than seveu irrigators, should be elected annually to advise and assist the commission's oflicer in charge of each dis trict in determining dates and periods of irrigations, arranging number of rota tions, regulating irrigation supplies along the various channels, advisiug as to the appointment, selection, and oversight of i casual labour on maintenance and repair work, and advising on any other mattcid concern in? water distribution in the dis trict. Each of these boards would, under the cliaij uianship ol the commission's local ofli ccr in charge, meet at least once a month in tlic irrigation season. Tlie commission has agreed that as far as practicable it will Hive elect to resolutions passed and advice given by the hoards. Ollicrrs iu charge of irrigation districts have been asked to convenc meetings of irrgators and to lake action to elect advisory boards. The High Commissioner for New Zealand (Sir James l'arr) has arranged with tlic War Ollicc overseas settlement committee to extend the benefits of the? Empire Settle ment Act to British soldiers serving over seas. The New Zealand Government has approved, of proposals which will enable assistance to be granted to soldiers in India, Africa, and Kgypt, the same as at present is granted soldiers from the United King dom, in order that they may proceed direct to New Zealand. Tlic plan will bo in opera tion at a very early date. Captain Wilkins, the Australian exploier. who recently flew in the Arctic, near I'oint Harrow, predicts the possibility of foretelling far in advance when certain parts of the world will be subject to drought. He said:-"The consequent famine, death, and disease can be avoided. The world path of storms will also be mapped out long before they make them selves felt. The science of meteorology will be an exact science dealing with ad vance information wliicli will make pos sible a world wide adjustment ol weather conditions." In reviewing the operations of the Tatnra butter factory at the annual meeting of shareholders the chairman (Mr. A. 15. Had win) referred to the l'ater.sou stabilisa tion plan. He was inclined to be sceptical iu icgard to the permanent benefit to derived from it. Any system by which a section of the community was penalised to benefit another added no new weal'li to the Stale. It would be found that only along tlie lines of an increase in the pio dnetivity of the herds and the production of the higher "juality butter would (htf standard of the industry be raised. The levy paid to the stabilisation committee for six mouths amounted to ill.-OOO. Ararat is the centrc of a distril-l noted for its carefully bred flocks and high-quality merino wool, and its reputation was main tained by the success of graziers at the Australian Sheepbreedcrs' Association .Show last week, wlieti Mr. £>. L. Calvert, of Kalymna. who was represented by four | of his stud, pained three lirst priws, in the section for those owning not more than .'1.000 sheep. Mr. J. H. Murray, of Brie Brie, Glenthoinpson. penned the champion l'ol wartb lam, and Mr. T. S. Austin, of Lake Bolac, the Dorset Horn champion and re serve* champion rams. Yalla-1-Poora sheep gained several first and second prizes, as well as a reserve champion rani and cham pion- ewe. Mr. H. N. Beggs was also a very successful competitor. The season in tlie Alhury (X.S.W.) dis trict has been a splendid one lor pastures. Grass is growing abundantly everywhere, and there is every indication of splendid green feed in the spring, which promises to be early this year. Stock aie looking well, but excessive moisture and the general absence of frosts have been conducive to foot rot, which is prevalent in some parts of the district. Lambing, though later than usual, is very satisfactory, averages of 80 per cent, being obtained generally. Sheaving will commence shortly, and good clips are expected. Land in the district has been selling well, prices obtained for properties during the last few months ranging from £9 to £15 an acre. Mr. W. KIlis has disposed of his property. Avenue Karm. Brookleshy, where he has lived for 21 years. The holding comprises 700 acres, and it is understood the purchase price'was £12 an acre. The purchaser is Mr. A. C. Soverin. who owns an adjoin ing property. At a meeting of the Hume Shire Conucil. j Aibury (X.SAY.t. a report was received of the business transacted at the St. .lolui's Wort Conference held at Wagga (N.S.W.). The matter was fully discussed by the con ference, which was circulating the councils, urging the liececssity for the t-o-operation of all of the shires. A table of assess ments had been drawn up whereby the councils forming the county c»tuuci) would 'subscribe towards the fund to he i.sed in eradicating St. John's wort. The follow ing is the list of assessments oil each shire, based on the valuations for the year 1^24: C'oolanion. £158/1.'4; Coreen. Culcairn. £160/8/11: Gadara, £<H:!.'14/11: I Gundngai, £140'0/7: Holbrook. £ 111/l.V ; llun\e, £254 .-'2/8; lllabo. -£173:13/1: ^ Kye.'itiib;). £ i48 10 , ; Lockhart, £212,.t-<. Mitchell. £100/2.-8.': Tunibarumba, £1.1#S 1/2: Urans. £182.T2/3: Yaneo. £180*16/9: total, about £4,000. The council decided to communicate with the Bright Shire Council asking it if it would receive a dele gation from the llume Shire, whose object would he to obtain rs much information as possible about the wceA before the Tteit meeting of the conference. 