Tor Country, Faith and Justice, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 15)26. LOCAL & GENERAL. 1 - '? ? _f . Open #Air Con/aact.-i^l'fic band wii] conduct another of its popular concerts on the Esplanade lawns on Sunday evening after church. Geraldton Tomato Prices.— Produc- ers Markets Limited report that Ger aldton tomatoes Cprime) niad-- IP/- to 27/-, and others to 17/6 at the Perth markets to-day. Gazetted Holidays. — Public Servi-e holidays to be observed at Cliristm.-ip time and the New Year are gazetted sis under: — Saturday, December 25; Afon day, December 27; and Tuesday. De cember 2S; Saturday, January 1, and Monday, Janury 3. To-Day's Forecast. — Some further light showers over coastal arena south ward from Perth, and in southern agri cultural districts, with north-west t«- south-west winds; otherwise fine, with south-west to south-cast winds; jnodei ate. temperatures eouth tropics. Ocean. Continued squally north-west to south west weather off south-west coast an«l across the Bight. The Case of Mir. I. Craweour.^ — Asked on Thursday regarding' the position of affairs in connection with the case of Mr. I. Crawcour, chief officer of the Immigration Department, Mr. C. G. Morris, Under-Sccretary for Lands, stated that the matter had been refer red to the Publie Service Commissioner (Mr. Simpson) for any action consider ed necessary. Licensing Offences. — At Northampton Police Court on Wednesday, John Ran dall, of the Nabawa Hotel, was fined ±io ana iu/- costs tor naving, on ms premises on Sunday, Oetober 17. per sons who were not bonafide travellers, whilst Walter Cowan was fined 40/ and 10/- costs, and Albert Moore anJ Felix McDonnell were each fined 8/ and 10/- costs for being unlawfully on the premises.. Picture That Won 10,000 Dollars. — Last year the newspapers featured the story of the search for the fino.st filmed story of the year. The prize for the winning picture was 10,000 dol lars, awarded by Adolph Zukor, Presi dent of Famous Players-Lasky Corpora tion. A committee pf international au thors and judges was entrusted with the selection of the picture, after lhe choice had been narrowed down to ninteeu possibilities. Unanimously they selected 'Scaramouche, ' and Ifofa-?] Sabatini, its author, became the Tk-her by the amount of the prize. When the picture is screened here shortly the reason for the selection will become most apparent. Artificial Milk. — Artificial miik. which is claimed to po.ssess all the qual ities of fresh milk, is sbout to bo manufactured in Denmark, according to the 'Xew York Journal of Commerce.' The machinery is in course of construc tion, and a factory will be started in the near future by a company, wbieh has been formed with a capital of a million kroner. This product is stated to be not merely a substitute for jniJk. the real butterfat is replaced by vego tablo fats, and the addition of vita mins is claimed to give it the character of fresh milk. It is expected of th-- factor in Danish animal husbandry, in which very largo quantities of frosh milk are consumed annually, anil its use will leave more cows' miik for buttc making. A Musical Treat. — It is unfortunately seldom that the music-lovers of Ger aldton have sn opportunity of hearing a programme of mu.sic like that sub mitted at the Town Hall on Thursday and Friday evening last, by such tal ented artists. The vocalists, Miss Clare Solly, a golden-voiced contralto, ami Miss Clelia Geuoni, lyric soprano, capi tivated the audiences at both concerts with songs of every description, rend ered with sweetness and expression an-l were greeted with rounds of applause after each item. Miss Marjorie Edwards, A.T.C.L., at tho piano, also merit^il the applause bestowed, for she also, is an artist, her items being cleverly ex ecuted, and the accompaniments ex ceedingly sympathetic. The audiences were nothing like a.f large as tliey should have been, and thus many people missed an evening of pure delight. An other programme will, however, be sub mitted at the Town Hall to-raorrow (Sunday) evening, admission being by7 silver coin. ?— «— — i Solar Report.— Mr. H. B. Cuilor.i*. I Government Astronomer, in his sol's r j report for the week ending, Wodncs- j day, November 17 states another wok I with the sun's surface remarkably fiv« j -of spots has to be recorded. The- solo survivor of the. five largo groups of a month ago completed its journey r.t-ross jiic -u-c, uui nau -iwin-iip-i to a group of faint spots ::n-l spores. The sni:;'! spot, noted on the eastern edge on X1 veuiber 31, uVvclnpvd as it ncaivd tin centre into a medium-sized spot, but by Tuesday had quite disappeared. In the southern latitudes a group of very min or spots, noted on November 0. persist ed till the 15th. On tbo 10th the suo V surface was free c-f r.pots with tin* ex ception of a ft'iv .small faint spots about mid- longtitu-le. The sun 's limb w:is generally steady during the wock. but on the 16th excessive 'boiling' \\\a* ob served, and in the evening st::r inK»ses were very unsteady ;:«-] very blurred, proving that tin' atmosphere wjis in i very disturbed ?and ek'ctiilie-l condition. Very strong atmospherics were also notii-oi.l when taking the Saigon time signals, in connection with the wornj longtitude scheme — one could almost imagine that tho crackle of iijilitiiing and the muttering of distant thunder could be heard in the 'phones. Kound the edge of the sun, faculae could gen erally be seen, but no extensive areas. t Advertisers are reminded that there are still a few pages avr-ilablo for the'r use, and that as the work i.s now rao'.!- ly nearing completion, they shcul.l make their arrangements forthwith. The advertisement mans:ger will be pleased to call by appointment. Business Extensions. — Having Becenr ly purchased the premises which they at present occupy in Marine-terrace, Messrs. C. and H. Locke intend carry ing out extensive alterations and addi tions to their already large showrooms. Mr. C. J. Loeko, is expected in Ger aldton on Tuesday next in connection with the improvements. Geraldton Croquet Club.— The members of the club were entertained on Thurs day l»3r the president and vie«-pr-?.sident (Mesdames Trigg and Kelson). Owing to the weather, the prizes provided by the hostesses could not be competed for, though several attempts were made. A delicious afternoon tea was partaken oi. and the ladies made the best of a wet afternoon at bridge. The prizes will be playcil for at a later date. Sunday Night Entertainment. — A musical treat is in store for Gerald toninns at the Town Hall to-morrow mgnt, wnen jmiss tjiare r^ony ana .suss Clelia Genoni, two talented youna ar tists, will render a complete new musi cal programme. Those who have not al ready heard theso young ladies should not miss this opportunity, and we can assure all readers they will not rt-gr^t attendance to-morrow night. The ad mission on this occasion is by silver coin, and the concert will commence at 9 p.m. Death of Mr. Thomas Critch. — A large circle of friends will hear with regret of the death of Mr. Thomas Critch, of WaWcck-street, third san of Air. t. a., untcii, wno was rr? ninny years a resident of Geraldton. Deceas ed, who was 35 years of ag;, and lived in Waldcck-street, Geraidton, hud not enjoyed good health for some months, nn-l about jy fortnight ago entered the Victoria Hospital. His cor.ditiin be came steadily worse, an/I be !;:od late last night. Great sympithy will be extended to his widow ;mj «-w. T-.e funeral takes place to-morwr ?J the Roman Catholic Cenutery. Geraldton Hospital Appeal. — The Chief Secretary has advised the Ger aldton Hospital Appeal Committee thnt approval has been arranged for art un jons to be held in laid of the appeal. Mr. Chris. Rowan has generously donar ed the sheep for the weight guessing couijH'tition in aid of the appeaL The committee desire to remind residents of the town and district that gifts of flowers will he very thankfully receiv ed for the button and flower day to bo held next Friday, November 26. Flow ers may T-c sent to, or left at Daw son's ntuilio on the 'Guardian' office, j Mr. Shepherd, representing Carroll's, Ltd., Perth, has kindly donated a BanK shia jewel box- as a. trophy. Girls* Club Social. — A very pleasa.it evening was spent in the Parish HaJl on Thursday evening, when, at the in vitation of the. Christ Church Girls' Club, a number of young people gath ered to wish every happiness to Miss Webb, who is to be married shortly. During the evening the Bcv. H. Vine, oiy behalf of the Girls' Club, presented the guest with a silver mounted oak tray, as a token of esteem. Dancing occupied most of the evening, and vocal stems rendered by Mrs. Slee and Misses Rilvwlnplr: -\nH XV»lsnn nml Mr. TTr^n. were well received. A guessing com petition was won by Mr. Jat-k Aekland, and a dainty supper was handed round. The dance music was supplied by Misses L. Marsh, L». Armstrong and Mrs. Slee. 