The Mainland Day by Day From Our Special Correspondents. iMELBOURNE. Friday. Settling Neto Farmers. The first plans of the Victorian Gov- ernment for land settlement under the migration scheme of the Imperial Government are now known. Mr. Richardson^ the Minister for Forests, appears to haye the host chance of success with Mr. Amery with his plan for settling farmers within easy dis- tance of some of our State forests, so that they may be employed for from six to nine months of the year work- ing under the officers of the Forestry Department. This wili bring them in some ready money to pay the grocer and draper while they are improving their new holdings, and give them a standing in the district, not always possible to an "immigrant without any ready cash. Whether the plans for settlement in the Childers district and around Sale (Gippsland) will make any impression on the Imperial emis- sary we do not know, but it is to be hoped that our Government is mind- ful of what the Danish Consul said about some parts of Gippsland a few years back. The idea that all one has to do in Gippsland is to sit down and watch the crops growing dies very hard. * * * » Infant Welfare. If Dre. Scantlebury and Henrietta Main manage to get Dr. Argyle not only to read their report 'on infant welfare, but act on it, too, then we will all have to eat the words which we occasionally utter against lovely woman. So many people have in the past been commissioned by the Victor- ian Government to report on some- thing, and then been forgotten, along with their reports, that we naturally expected tha£ infant welfare had "passed on" as if it were a topic of little interest, but Dr. Argyle has now intimated that he is much impressed, and will ask the State Parliament to approve of some changes in the Vic- torian Health and Infant Protection Acts lo bring us into line with New Zealand, and also for power to ap- point a director of infant welfare, pre- sumably a medical man or woman, who will have more time than a Min- ister for Health to see that our pro- posed new laws are carried out. * * » * Points of View. If the Aero Club achieves its ambi- tion, and flying becomes our national pastime, we.should be able to get some wonderful photographs from the air of future citizens of our own and other lands, but until some one invents coloured photography the wharf I scenes on which tho Aero Club sets such '. store will be sadly lacking in local colour. , To-day about three quarters of the local Chinese went to j Port Melbourne to welcome back our ¡ .Chinese "oldest inhabitants," who ¡ have. just returned from their native j land. From the air it would bo mere- ! Jy an assemblage of persons in black ? felt hats, . but from a not too close proximity it was a joyous medley of oriental faces, hopelessly mixed with. the Chinese language, and much lug- j gage. In fact, the ship unloaded more luggage than cargo, and all for 20 { elderly men. We may have lots of ; immigration restrictions, but they do i not appear .to be working overtime. ' Only on Monday last Spencer-street resounded to Italian joyfulness over : Toti dal Monte. On such occasions as these one realises how cosmopolitan Australian ports are becoming.,, * * * . _i , ; :.» Li Motor War. , ' - If all is peace on the surface, there is a refreshing war going on under the surface of the motor world The Americans, are determined to fight the British over every inch of the ground. The latest move is to establish plants for assembling cars all through the Commonwealth. We Australians may have sentimental reasons for wanting one, rather than the other, to win, but we cannot close our eyes to the advan- tages which the high bidding for our trade is bringing us. The motor in- dustry is now employing thousands of high-class artisans, and it will be all to the good if it brings more of their kind to this country, for skilled labour is slow to emigrate without it has a secure future. Of course, the peak will be reached in time, but there are indications that the motor people are rising up and calling Mr. Clapp and his, high fares blessed, for they are turning the farmers' mind definitely toward motor traffic. SYDNEY. Friday. Defiant Engineers, Tho minc owners are definite in their attitude that the Hibble award must be obeyed, and it is stated they will take no steps whatever to bring about a settlement of the dispute. .That is to say, they will not budge an inch from the stand they have already taken up. When it became known this afternoon that all attempts by Mr.. Baddeley, Minister for Mines, to pour oil on the troubled waters had failed, it was generally accepted that nothing could stop the coal strike, and that New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania would all be affected. The owners have resolutely turned their faces against a private conference, ¡and, although a special meeting of the Cabinet was held, and lasted until late, .it brought little light in the darkness. It was officially announced: that en ginedrivers and firemen would cease work on Saturday. This means that .1,000 defiant engineers will throw idle about 30,000 miners. The union pre- dicts a long strike. From comments that have been made by owners, it would seem that the latter believe the trouble will be of short duration. However, both sides are adamant, and determined not to give way, and under the circumstances it is difficult to share the owners' optimism. The only hope at all lies in possible satisfactory arbitration by Mr. Piddington, the re- cently-appointed Industrial Commis- sioner. . * * » King's Cup. ' The eyes of rowing men are centred on Brisbane, where tho great race for the King's Cup, which carries with it tho eight-oared championship of Aus- tralia, is being contested to-morrow. High hopes are held here for tho New .South Wales crew, and it seems a pity that better support is not given in Sydney to_ amateur rowing, for the news has just been made public that there is a shortage of £100 in the amount necessary to defray the gen- eral expenses of the contest as far as we are concerned. Unfortunately it is much tho same every year. Our Rowing Association is in poor circum- stances, and unless generous helpers come forward there may be the danger that wo shall lose the privilege of holding the event in Sydney when our I turn comes round. When the race is j held in West Australia it costs New ¡ South Wales over £700 for its crew. ! When the race is rowed at Adelaide ! our expenses are about £400. The I contest in Tasmania means an outlay ' of £350 for New South Wales, and even to compete in Melbourne runs . into about £240. All this, of course, 1 is clear expenses, as there.is no allow» j ance whatever for any of the crew. . Finest Specimens. ! Our Minister for Education (Mt. Tom Mutch) is, of course, a good Aus- tralian. He. is imbued with the faith that Australians are the best people physically and intellectually in th( whole world, and,although he has not seen very much of this world himseL' ' he nurses .this conviction indefatig- ably, and loses no opportunity oí proving to an already convinced pub- lic the truth of his axioms. For in- stance, he has just had carried out in .schools certain tests and comparisons . of children born of Australian parents, and those born of overseas parents, and also of children who readi- ed here during their infancy.' The result, he declares, reveals, that the first-mentioned class are overwhelm- ingly superior to either of the other two. In height, weight, general phy- sical development, as well as intelli- gence, real Australians lead all others, which is highly flattering and satisfy- . ir.g-in fact, we have suspected it for a long time. 