Advertising Australia. WE hear from time to time much about the need of advertising Austra lia, and the means which the Commonwealth and State Govern ments propose (and sometimes adopt) to this end. But all these proposals treat the subject from one point of view only—the official view point, which is almost invariably an artifi cial, cut-and-dried system, which yields but little fruit. At the same time, there is a certain type of news agency which takes every opportuni ty of decrying Australia, by publish ing only such items of news as relate to strikes, droughts, etc. It is regret table that these are the main channels through which the rest of the world obtains information about Australia, and it is time that the people insisted upon other and more commonsense methods being adopted for the adver tising of this great Commonwealth. In the first place, Australia has, over a very large area, a climate un equalled anywhere else in the world. The year gives months of sunshine, compared with weeks in many places which are advertised the world over as health and pleasure resorts; and what is equally to the purpose, from the point of view of health, the air is dry and health-giving, humidity and enveloping fogs being far less in evi dence than in Europe and America. Further, the great variety of climate, ranging from a coolness which is typi cal of the counties of Northern England to the heat of the tropics, makes possible the production of prac tically everything which man requires for his needs. The products of our Commonwealth, also, are of the highest quality. Aus tralian wool is the standard for the world, Australian flour yields more bread than any other flour, Australian butter is so good that it eclipses en tirely the American product, and is all too frequently sold in Great Britain by unscrupulous people as the finest Danish—than which no higher compliment could be paid this particular product. It is also being borne in upon the world that Australian fruits, both fresh and dried, are equal to the very best in the world, and the enormous quantities of apples sent from Tasmania sug gests that England may shortly get all she needs from this side during certain periods of the year, and will no longer look to America. Our citrus fruits, with care in picking and pack ing, could also control the British mar ket for several months in the year. There has been complaint from time to time of the quality of some of our products; but careful supervision and inspection should remove this cause of complaint. While a good product, well marketed, is one of the best advertising mediums, a poor pro duct, or a good one badly packed and badly presented to the customers, will do us much harm. In their own in terests, and in the interests of the great body of Australian producers, those who may have been guilty in this respect—and the many com plaints from the Eastern markets, as well as from Great Britain, suggest that there is ground for them — should not be permitted to any longer infringe the canons of good business. This is a duty for the Government, but it is also one for the collective body of producers, and they can do much to eliminate this bad practice by making it clear to the offendern that they will not tolerate it. If all these factors in life in Aus tralia—good climate, wide spaces, high- class products, opportunties for all, and a freedom which is unknown in any other country—were made known to people in Great Britain and America, there would be no need of special agencies for the recruiting of immigrants. People would strongly desire to come to this favoured land, and their coming would make more work for all, not less, as is sometimes foolishly stated. In the great State of Queensland, on the Atherton Table land, there are hundreds of thousands of acres of splendid soil, and fruits grow in abundance, without cultiva tion. People who know the conditions existing there, wonder that this gold mine has not been exploited. If people overseas were but made aware of what they could possess with little effort, they would come in their thou sands, and Australia would have an advertisement such as it will never get through official channels. 