CURRENT TOPICS 4 Dt H E Olnrke bas been appointed a justice of Iho peace for the Mt Mar garet Magisterial District, The total rainfall recorded at the local post offioe up - to dato this year, is 209 paints, as against 771 points for a similar period last year. The many friends of Mrs V Hogarth, of Ida Valley Station, will be pleased to learn that she is progressing favour ably after the serious operation she reoently underwent. Tho owner of Meiita Station, Malcolm notifies in this issue that shooters found trespassing in the pastoral leases will be proBecnted without further notice. The retiring members (caused by the effluxion of timo) in tbo Leonora- Malcolm Road Board, are Messrs R B Millar, D W Stock, and D C F- Taylor, In onr report of the meeting, published lest issue, we inadventantly stated that Mr Obisbolm (Gwalia Ward) was one of those retiring. Up to tho present there is no talk of the retiring members being opposed. Mr A E Johnson, auctioneer, adver tises in this issne that he has been instructed by Mr N Soltoggio to dispose by public auction tho whole of the furniture and fffeota of the Exohange Hotel (reoently delicensed) ; also a large quantity of galvanised iron (all longths). doors, windows, timber, floors and a host of Bnndties. Owing to the large amonnt to be sold tbo sale will bo exten ded over two deys (April 6 end 7 next). On Tueeday oil the iron, timber, eto, will be sold and on the following day the fnrnilnre, eto, Full particulars will be set ont on the handbills, which will be circulated later. Thanks to the energy of- the Rev W R Forbes a Boy Scdnts Association has been formed in Leonora, and an opening night will teke place in the Alexandra Hail, Leonora, on the 14th .prox, when the Gwalia Roy ScontB will pnt on an entertainment for the evening, consist ing of songs, rreitations, drill, eto, wbioli will prove highly interesting. The MqsoDio Lodge has kindly given the nse of the hall grotaitonsly for drill etc, which is maoh appreciated. It is antici pated that the local Sconts will be about SO in number, and, no doubt, when the movement gets fairly going (here will bo more, A nnmber of Leonora's citizens are also assisting the Rev W R Forbes From time to time. daring tbe past few years there have been snggsstions for the .appointment of an Australian ambassador in LondoD, and now it is proposed that a Trade Commissioner should aleo be appointed. At present the High Commissioner repeires a salary of £8000 a year, and an allowance of £2000, and the total oost of main taining Anstralian House is £110.000 per annnm. It is said that IhoHigh Commissioner, owing to his diversified funotions and tbe numerous sooial duties wbiob attach to the office cannot properly handle snob matters as immi gration and tbe marketing of Australian products, and attend to the international questions whioh arise. The foot is that the office of High dotpmiseibner 'jiaii come to bo regarded as a prise for superannuated politicians, with the result. that the' interests of Australia are forgotten in the desire for limelight. When the High Commissioner's post is filled, as it rpnst bo at an early date, tho Commonwealth Government should see to it that the jnan appointed is mnoh more interesting ill securing the right type of citizens for Australia, and in discovering and developing markets for Australian products than in banquets and other sooial functions. .Australia wants a litre and practical representative n London, not a flgnro head who imagines that his solo duty is th stmt about about in Windsor uniform aud hob- nob with the aerial lights. The question of a pablic hall for ;Leonora will receive consideration at a speoial meeting of the Road Board to beheld next week. It ia understood that tho Board has in view two halls to deoide upon, and no doubt the host in the interests of tbe district will be ohosen by the members. Mr Brace Anderson, mauager.of the Maloolm Pastoral Co, Malcolm, met with a painful acoident at Murrin on Thursday Last. Whilst cranking np a motor car it bank fired and tho handle hit him a severe blow jnst above the right wrist, causing a compound frac- turo. Mr A Rhymer, of Murrin bronght bim into Leonora whore ho was promptly attended to by Dr H E Clarke. Tho acoident will inoapaoitnte him from bis duties for some time. The large' aud oo.mmodioas Union Hell, Gwalia, was filled to overflowing on Thursday evening last, when a enobro party and dance was held in hononr of St Patricks Day. The euohre party proved very interesting and -somo close games resulted. Dancing was indulged in till abont 1 30 a m, and the splendid mnsio provided by Mcsdames Levitsske and John was relished by the dancors. In the absence of Mr J P Hill, Mr E Fowler had oharge of tho floor arrange ments. . Mr E Hogan Taylor, who succeeded Mr G W Barrows in 1908, and was succeeded by Mr Ernest WilliamB in 1909, as manager of the Boulder Per- serverance, has been appointed manager of the Burmah Corporation, owner of one of the largest lead, zino, and copper mines in the world. Hie predecessor was Mr P E Marmon, a former resident of the goldfields. Mr S Gilbert, erst while accountant of the Sons of Gwalia Ltd is accountant on the property. A farewell concert and danoe will be tendered Mr and Mrs A H Carfcbew at the Union Hall, Gwalia, on tho 29 tb inst. Both proved themsolvee estimable citizens in every way and did mnoh for tbe welfare of the district duriDg their residence here. Mr Carthow, as stationmaster, was exceedingly popular and his courteous manner in fulfilling his duties earned for bim the reBpeot and good will of all, and it is to be regretted owing to failing health he is compelled to leave the service after many years faithful attention to the duties, His many friends hope that a change will reBtoro bim to health and strength. The public do not intend to lot them take their departure without showing in a practical manner the high esteem iu whiob they are hold, henco the enter tainment in their hononr. It may be mentioned that- Mr J F Denoh will have oharge of the concert arrangements, whioh is sufficient guarantee that it will bo a bright and entertaining one, Proteotion has a habit of hitting baok. Australia, wbiob is dominated by the polioy at present, Is in danger of having her market for butter disputed by Den mark beoauso the United States has increased tho duty on tho Danish product. It seems most likely that, deprived of her Amorican purchasers by tbe higher dnty imposed tbore, Denmark will seek to undersell na in Great Britain, and thns oust the Australian article. This is ono of the inevitable incidences of Proteotion. It is unfort unately not realised bepause the effects are not felt immedibtely. The Americans themselves will not esoape, of course. They already have to pay 4d a pound than is necessary for their batter because of the nation's particular fiscal policy, and will now have to pay a farther twopenos. Concurrently, an effort is being made to induoe Congress to vote £50,000,000 for the creation of an association to forward the interests of farmers who, having been placed at an eoonomio disadvantage in relation to producers in other parts of the world, ore forced tb seek proteotion against Proteotion. This will paean another to$ on tbe American oonsnmer. Apd so it goes oil, and those who suffer have their senses made dull by having it. dinned into their ears that it means Protection. 