RACIAL COMPOSITION OF' THE AUSTRALIAN PEOPLE. J. LYNG. F.R.G.S. We are told by tho Commonwealth tatisticiau that, exclusive of Australian aboriginals, 98 per cent, of Australia's population are born under tho British flag. This plain statistical fact is by mnny people taken to mean that 98 per cent are of British stock. There aro even instances of publicists having interpreted the information given us by the Sta istician as indicating that 98 per cent, of the Australians are Nordics. ?If wo diride tho Australian people ae Mrdiug to color, and examine tho ceu ju remits of 1921, we find that about BS CT cent, were white, 1.3 black, .45 yellow, ;nd .25 brown. This shows that from the color point of view tho Australians are fast becoming a homogeneous people. The reasons for this are the decline of the aboriginals, the fact that the nume rous Chinese who came here between 1854 and 1891 did not bring their women' folk with them, and the 'white-Austra- lia' policy. In allocating the white population be tween the three branches of the white race—the Nordic, tho Alpine and the Mediterranean — we are confronted with considerable difficulties, nnd only a rough estimnte can be arrived at. The diffi culty commences with the 'British.' These hail from England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland, whence they have migrated to many lands and multiplied. It is easy enough to calculate, according to birth place, tho percentage of English blood, of Scotch blood, and so forth, flowing in the veins of the composite Australian body; but owing to insufficient data we can scarcely make more than intelligent guess when it comes to determine how such of the English or Scotch blood is Nordic, and how much something else. Looking at the flgures relating to place of birth at the census of 1801 and count ing the heads of those born in tho various mother countries; and then distributing amongst them, pro rata, those born in Australia, New Zealand and other British Dominions, we get this result, that of the white population the English represented 13 per cent., the Scots 13, the Irish 23, the Welsh 1.5, and other Europeans 8.5. Of the latter, the Germans accounted for about 3 per cent., and the Scandinavians for close on 2 per cent. The figures from 1921 show a consider- able falling off in migration from Ireland to Australia, and an increase from Eng land, but the number of immigrants are now too small compared with the num ber of native-born persons to greatly modify the proportional figures of ' thirty to forty years ago. At tho best they can illy indicate the trend of racial move uent. Taking the results from 1891 as tho oost reliable guide, it is interesting to lamine the following Jigures for the dif eient States: — Ui»3. Eh?. Scot, frisli. Wei. (Jer. Scan. O.E. TIL j ' ' I 1 I T ~lr— c I.SX las IJS.O 120.3 I 1.8 I 8.3 ] 1.6 | 1.S pOO ?j - ?' - - ifc-- S ' 1 -1-5 I 1-r' I '8 I 300 li . |Uj.|m.1 1.3 il.l S.I I 1..J I ino . A!ii,sS.J Jll.ll Iis.5 I l.s 9.0 1.2 I l.L' I 100 '?*??11111 I !«1) .151.0 111.3 121.0 I 1.7 | 3.2 S.l I 0.7. 100 a. ..[W.O [18.5 I W.O ( 1.3 | H.3 1.3 1 O.S I 100 toc. ?[»Ai';'''jM.LL^jj^U-^^rnoo Iwiug to the heavy migration to Western brtralia in the nineties, wjiich tended 0 largely influence the racial' make up 1 the population there, tho figures from 901 are applied to that Stato. It iu interesting to notice that the Eng isli clement is particularly strong in Tas ania and South Australia, the Scots iu 'icloria, and tho Irish in Victoriu, 2^ow kwth Wales and Queensland. Tlie Ger nan element is strongest in Queensland id South Australia, and tho Scandi avian in Queensland and Western Aus ralia. Having determined as near ns possible low much of the blood flowing in tho veins of the Australian nation is English, Scotch, Irish and so forth, the next- step' is to analyse the blood of each of these groups. The white race, while representing even so many nationalities, only constitutes, as already stated, three sub-races— the Nordic or Aryan race:- the Alpine or Slav race- and the Mediterranean, which is often wrongfully called the Latin race. Whethen these three racial groups have branched off from a common root or have originated separatcly is an unsolved riddle. According to Dr. Lothrop Stoddard vocally the true Nordic is tall and blonde, with a long head, blue or grey eyes and fair skin. The pure-blooded Alpine is dark complexioned, with a round skull of medium height and heavy, stocky build. The true Mediterranean is short statured, slenderly built, long headed like the Nordic, but with black hair and eyes, and a skin inclined lo be more or less sWirthy, To visualise these race types,' call to nmid a typical Scandinavian for, the Nordl'c- a peasant of central or east ern Europe for the Alpine and a southern Italian or Spaniard for the Mediter ranean. The outstanding mental characteristic of the Nordics is their restless, creative energy. In this peculiar quality they sur pass not only the other European stocks, ijit also all the other branches of raan M. For thousands of years they have powred forth from their northland homes around the Baltic, in conquering waves over Europe and many parts of Asia. Always the Nordics have been a race of warriors, sailors, pioneers and explorers. Extremely race-conscious and politically ficient, they settled down as a ruling aristocracy in many lands. Gradu ally they have been out-bred, and only where thy have thoroughly occupied a country, expelling or overwhelming the previous inhabitants as was tho case in England and Scotland, has the racial con- quest been permanent. The Alpines are emphatically a Conti nental stock, taking naturally to highlands and to inland plains, and showing little liking for the sea. They are a sturdy, nacious race, very stable, but apt to be unimaginative. They have a strong sense of group solliarity. and they cling to the and wherever they settle. The Alpines Icditwr-, m ' y 60 warlike aa the rrn a.ud far iess t,ia» «--= MtoHn i ' , advnnces we slow and r!f' ™iar' Ut lwl.'si£teut- ' is a kind otral f pcnetration- and regions in 2J?C\ralld Nortllem Italy once '?N V'S™'™8 t0-d3^ The Mediterranean temperament is emo tional. Mediterraneans are passionate, ex citable,-loving and hating intensely. They are inclined to lack stability and tenacity, and neither in politics nor in war do they possess a high sense of discipline For this reason they have difficulty in -holding their own, both against Nordics and Alpines Strong, magnetic leaders can do great things with them, but the personal element is necessary. They have a keen sense of beauty, form, color and the joy of life are quick witted, but are prone to be super ficial. feh^0'!'' °Ut,linc(I tbe characteri se whit. . branelles constituting « ,7Ce'lt.i? dc9!rab'oto examine in detail the racial composition of tho English, the Scots, the Irish and the Welsh, who together form about 91 per cent. of the white population of this ith the'^nf1''5 ,resPec'' n°t concerned lie: tl p p,le v,'1-0 'lived in the British and°T' f tUld thousands of years It'dowu L°JrL; becomo known as the Piltdown people from a fossilised skull and some bones found at Piltdown some ** hu^S St ?fflerenl tnfftli,. . ? ? iiwng to-day, and became totally extinct. Nor are we con cerned with the so-called Beaker people, whose burial mounds are common enough in certain parts of England, but who have not in any noticeable degree entered into the composition of the present-day Brit ishers. We commence with the so-called Celts, a Mediterranean people, who settled in England and Ireland at a very early date, and were in undisputed possession when at about the time of Christ a Ro man legion crossed the Channel, and the Romans made themselves masters of Britain. Thu Romans who remained there some 400 years did not racially influence the British population. Theirs was a military despotism, and they were mainly occu pied by collecting taxes and drafting the youth of Britain to Italy, where they were sold as slaves. 'When the Romans departed, they did so with bag and bag- gage. But during Roman occupation Nor- dics commenced to visit Britain as tra- ders, and to form trailing settlements, Later on they came in great number and took possession of the land, absorb- ing the -native population, or forcing them westwards. The earliest of these inva- ders are- known in English history as Saxons, and until recently were believed to have come from Germany at the re quest of the Britons to help them against the Picts and Scots. Evidences are, however, accumulating to prove that they were not Germans. They may have been Frisians; but in all probability they were Scandinavians. According to John Daw son in his valuable book, 'England and the Nordic Race.' they came from Viken in Norway. He suggests that they got the name Saxons from a particular kind of sword used by them, called a 'sax.' Ac cording to tho same authority the Angles, who arrived slightly later, were originally Scandinavian fishermen, from Norway and Denmark, who sold much of the fish they caught in the North Sea to the Roman garrisons in Britain, and gradually formed settlements there, eventually invading the country after the departure of the Roman soldiery. Anglers is the old Scandinavian name for fishermen. From the racial point of view it is of little importance whether the Saxons, the Angles and tho Jutes came from Germany or Scandinavia, as in both cases they would be Nordics. But in regard to gene- ral history and cultural development it makes a difference, in as far as the Ger mans at that time were still barbarians, and tlie Scandinavians had attained to a high degree of culture. The Roman his torian Tacitus, who visited Germauy in the latter part of the first century, wrote about the people there that they were steeped in utter barbarism, were wretchedly poor, lived in hovels shared with their cattle, and that they were completely ignorant of writing. On the other hand, he had heard that there ex isted, a long way to the north, a people who knew how to write in Greek charac ters. We know from runic inscriptions that the Scandinavians at that early age possessed a written alphabet, and from the Icelandic Sagas that they had a highly developed religious system, and were ex pert navigators. Tho Scandinavians are believed to have originally lived to the north of the Black Sea and the Sea of Azoff. They embodied traders, seafarers, and agriculturists, and had attained a civilisation beyond their contemporaries. As in similar instances in hittory, their prosperity brought down upon them savage hordes from Asia, aud, being unable to beat the invaders back, those who could embarked on their ships and sailed away through the Bosphorus and became the very celebrated ancient Greeks. Others, who were unable to find shiproom, trekked with their cattle and agricultural implements towards the Bal tic, the bulk of them not stopping until, after touching the island of Gothland, they settled in Sweden. From there they grad ually spread to Norway and Denmark, and later, as has been pointed out, to Eng land. In the interval between the invasion of England by the Saxons, Angles and Jutes, aud the arrival of the Vikings— more than three centuries—there is a blank in Eng lish history; but it is almost certain that trade relations existed between the Nor dics on the two shores of the North Sea. Divergences in languages and customs would naturally develop, and in one rc spect particularly did the parting become absolute and far reaching in its conse quences— the Nordics in England embraced Christianity, while those in Scandinavia still believed in Odhin and Thor, and in Valalla for the brave who fell in battle. The second invasion of England, that of the Vikings, which lasted from the middle of the eighth century till the first half of the eleventh, falls in three distinct per iods—that of plunder, of settlement, and of political conquests. Of the three phases wo are here concerned only with that of settlement. Considering that the Scandinavian peo ple all belong to the same stock, it does not signify much which parts of the Brit ish Isles were settled by Danes and which by Norwegians, and it will suffice briefly to mention that the Danes mainly kept to England, and the Norwegians to Scot land and adjacent islands, and to Ireland. The Swedes, by the way, played their greatest role in Russia, where they founded dynasties and laid the foundation of the Russian Empire. Their descendants in a large measure constituted the Russian aristocracy, right down to the revolution in 1917. Apart from historical records the chiuf sources throwing light on Scandinavian settlement in England are place names and personal names. Any village or' town whose name ends in by, dale, thorpc, wall, ford, gard, holm, and so forth, was ori ginally a Scandinavian settlement, and every person whose name ends in son is of Viking descent. By these means it has been ascertained that the Scandinavians settled' permanently in large numbers in the part of England which, in the ninth century, was ceded to the Danish chief tains Gutlirun and Alfdene. The territory has become known as Danelagh, or Dane law, through Danish law having been in troduced ' there. The boundary o£ Danelagh was the Thames estuary to the mouth of the Lea (a few miles east of London), then up the Lea to near its source, then due north to Bedford, then north-westerly along Watling-street. Thus Danelagh embraced Northern Mercia, East Anglia, the. greater part of Essex and Northumbria. Tho Eneyclopaidia Britan nica tells us that some of the land divi sions still in use in England, such as Rid ing, are of Scandinavian origin, and fur ther on it says: — ''The highly developed Scandinavian legal system has left abun dant traces in this district. We may mention specially the institution of 'law men,' whom we find as a judicial body in several of the towns in or near Danelagh. There can be no doubt that these 'law men,' who can be shown to form a close parallel to and indeed the ultimate source of our jury, were of Scandinavian origiu. Many other legal terms cau bo definitely traced to Scandinavian sources, and they ?are first found in use in the district of tho Danelagh. The whole of the place nomenclature of Yorkshire, Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire and Northern North amptonshire is Scandinavian rather than native English, and in the remaining dis tricts of the Danelagh a goodly propor tion of Danish place-names may be found. Their influence is also evident in the dia lects spoken in these districts to the pre sent day. It is probable that until the end of the tenth century Scandinavian dia lects were almost the sole language spoken in the district of Danelagh, and when Eng lish triumphed, after an intermediate bi lingual stute, a large number of -words were adopted from tho earlier Scandina vian speech.' ; . . We now come io tlie Scots. Owing to the language, Gaelic, once spoken by the Scots Highlanders, .they were until re cently considered to ho the remnants of a n«nrlnti,.u II., l.USl _ ? ? ? ? i.i,....,..,. uuililiuilf the country. Lai:i;iiage, however, is a very unreliable guide iu regard to racial reali ties. Tacitus'u description of . the Cale donians would make, them Nordics, and a comparison of skull and other anatomic measurements, undertaken not so loug ago between Highland students and Nor wegians, recruits drawn from the Trondh jern district, show a remarkable similarity, and point, innnng' other thlncs. sticiii as burial mounds, to a very early settlement of Nordics in Scotland. The circumstances in connection with such settlement are, however, obscure, and we will proceed to the coming of the Vikings. These settled permanently in the Orkney Islands and the Shetland Islands earlier than in any other part of the British Isles, and they formed part of Norway' until 1JB0. In that yenr the daughter of the then King of Denmark and Norway, Christian I., was married to King James III. pf Soot land. King Christian being unable to pay the dowry agreed to, handed the Ork ney Islands and Shetland Islands over lo King James as security, and the dowry never being paid, the Scots kept tho is lands. The old Norse , speech was spoken there by a few people until the end of the eighteenth century. Place nomenclature is nlniost entirely Norse, and tho modern dialects are full of Norse words. From the Shetlands and Orkneys the' Norsemen crossed to the Scottish mainland. Suth erland, Caithness, Ross and Cromarty are full of Norse place names, and Norse in fluence may be traced even further south. - , The Hebrides were also largely influ enced by the Norsemen. Together with the Isle of Alan they formed a Norse kingdom down to the middle of the thir teenth century. Many of tho islands themselves and their chief physical fea tures bear Norse names; many personal names are of Norse origin, and there are many Norse words in the Gaelic, both of tlio islands and the mainland. In the Isle ol Man, too, much bears testimony to Norse settlement, including a number of runic inscriptions and the Manx legal system. In Ireland the Scandinavian influence was concentrated in the great coast towns —Dublin, Wexford, Waterford, Cork and Limerick — and the districts immediately around them. Irish place nomenclature hears very definite witness, to this fact. There was free intermarriage between the Scandinavians and tho Irish, Ijiit the strength of the clan system kept the races distinct, and there was no such infiltra tion of the whole population as for in stance took place in the English Danelagh. This system prevented settlement upon their own farms as took place in Eng land, and the invaders lived almost en tirely in the coast towns and the districts in their immediate neighborhood, busying themselves with trade and shipping, and giving the impetus there as elsewhere to town life. Mr. Allen Mawer, in his ex cellent little book, 'The Vikings,' from which much of the information contained in the above is taken, tells. ? that Scandi navian influence, ns a political force, de clined after 1014. ' In that year the Scan dinavians and the Irish engaged in the greatest battle ever fought on Irish soil. to cieciue wiio were to be masters in Ire land. The Scandinavians were beaten; but nevertheless they remained a strong ele ment in the towns, right down to the English invasion in the twelfth century, and in the case of Dublin, there cau be no doubt that it was the Scandinavians who made it the capital city of Ireland. Later the Nordic element in Ireland was strengthened by a large number of Scots families settling in Ulster, and by a num ber of English settling in. other parts of Ireland, and to-day a distinction is made between Celtic-Irish Ulstermen and Anglo' ?Irish. . r ?' *be ''her hand, a large number of Irish Mediterraneans since the advent of modern industrialism in England have settled in English manufacturing centres, and now constitute a considerable part of the population there. \- There is still to bo mentioned the strengthening of the Nordic strain in the British Isles by the Norman invasion iu 1006\. Norman is a softening of the word Northman, and the Normans were descend ants of Scandinavians who had conquered and settled in Normandy in 911. During the century and a half which passed until the conquest of England took i place the Normans were adopting the French lan guage and culture, but their racial strain and characteristics were unimpaired. After the Conquest, Normans were scattered throughout England, and were even settled, though in smaller numbers, in Scotland, Ireland and Wales. From the foregoing condensed outline of the racial origin of the English, the Scots, the Irish and the Welsh it will bo seen that the English and Scots are predominantly Nordics, tlio Irish and Welsh predominantly Mediterraneans, and that there are no Alpines on the British Isles. To determine the proportion of Nordics and Mediterraneans in Great Britain and Iieland is, of course, impossible; but we may not be far wrong in assuming that the number of Nordics in Ireland equalises the number of Mediterraneans in England and Scotland. Before returning to the rucial make up of the Australians, which is the main object of this article, there is still left to clear the ground regarding the race of the white element of non-British descent in this country. Based on such data as are available, and not forgetting that no abso lutely pure race exists anywhere in Europe, it may be. roughly assumed that tho Scan dinavians and Dutch are 100 per cent. Nordics; the Germans, Austrians, Swiss and Belgians 25 per cent. Nordics and 75 per cent. Alpines; the Italians and Greeks 50 per cent. Alpines and 50 per cent. Mediterraneans: tho Frannh OT „„„* Nordics, 50 per cent. Alpines and 25 per cent. Mediterraneans; the Spanish, Portuguese, Jews and Maltese 100 per cent. Mediterraneans, and the remainder Alpines. Adopting the above proportions as being approximately correct, and applying them to the census figures for 1891, we find that about 70 per cent, of the white population in Australia is Nordic, 25 per cent. Mediterranean and 5 per cent. Alpine. ' Apart from place of birth, religion af fords some kind of a racial guide. Gene rally speaking, the Nordics are Protes tants, and the Mediterraneans and Alpines Roman or Greek Catholic*. At the cen sus of 1921 tho Protestants numbered about 77 per cent, of the white population, and the Catholics 23 per cent. If in this connection we remember that the Mediter ranians in Wales, Cornwall and along the western coast of England and Scotland are Protestants, . tho racial figures based on place of' birth and religion respectively .cannot be far apart. As suggested in a previous table, the racial composition varies in the different States. Thus, in Queensland the. Nordic element falls 5 per cent, below the average for Australia, while the Medit erranean is 3 per cent, above, and the Alpine 2 per cent, above. In Tasmania it is just the opposite— there the Nordic element is 5 per cent, above the average, the Mediterranean 3 per cent, below, and the Alpine 2 per cent, below. Again, in South Australia, we haye a different com position; there the Nordic element is 3 per cent, above the average, the Mediter ranean 5 per cent, below, and the Alpine 2 per cent, above. The higher percentage of Mediter raneans in' Queensland, and the corre spondingly lower percentage of Nordics, may explain the fact that politically Queensland for long has been the most turbulent anid unstable State in Aus tralia; while in South Australia and Tas mania, when; the racial composition is tho opposite, 1501111031 disturbances of a serious nature have practically been un known. It may make us wise with re gard to some places being backward in economic progress and others being more advanced. And it may also in some me a* sure explain why the Australians, taken as a whole, are an intensely sports-loving people, somewhat deficient in discipline, and overfond of gambling, t The Nordic race, which is so strongly represented in the Australian people, have always been fond' of sport, and enthusi astic admirers of athletic prowess. Ac cording to an islandic saga the youthful king of Norway, Olof Trygvason, was the foremost in sport of his day. The Norse mythology pictures the heavenly abode as n placc of endless sport. In the Nordics, too, the gambling in stinct is conspicuous. , Tacitus, after having related about their sports, tells of the old Germans, who wero true Nor dics: — 'Strangely enough, they make games of hazard a serious occupation, even when sober, and so venturesome are they about gaining or losing that, when every other resource has failed, on the last and final throw they stake the freedom of their own person.' To the Mediterraneans — who include the Jews— gambling is less a game of chance and more one of business. The Nordics supply the punters and the Mediterra neans the bookies. Between them they keep the wheel of fortune- in rapid nna perpetual motion. Finally, the general deficiency in dis cipline may perhaps to some extent he traced to the influence of the 25 per cent. Mediterraneans — mainly Celtic Irish — who, as already stated, are less amenable to discipline than are the Nordics and the Alpines, and have gained for them selves the reputation of always being 'agin the Government' — that is, against established authority. 