SHERIDAN MURDER CASE: REMARKABLE HUMAN DOCUMENT The Man Who Was Not Afraid to Die UNDER THE SIGN OF THE CRUCIFIX ON September 1, 1895, the nude mutilated dead body of Jessie Nicholas, aged 23, was found in a packing case near the Woolloomooloo wharves. Dr. Thomas Meredith Sheridan, a deeply religious man, with a horror of gambling, who was born at Glebe-road, Sydney, in 1850, was arrested and charged with the murder, and hanged on January 7, 1896. According to the evidence at the trial, Jessie Nicholas, who was in a certain condition, visited Dr. Sheridan, was operated upon and butchered in a shocking manner. She died on August 30. The evidence against him, together with his record, was as black as it could possibly be. In gaol, Dr. Sheridan wrote the story of his life. He compressed it into 45 pages of closely-written manuscript, in which he protested his innocence. It is one of the most intensely human documents that has probably ever been published, and will be of exceptional interest to those who remember the famous case, and to all other students of human psychology. He has allowed the reader into his confidence, and described vividly the last hours before his death, when the shadow of the gallows hung so heavily and darkly over him. He was unafraid. Dr. Sheridan: His Narrative, given just as he wrote it. Where you find the sentences jerky, or the style awkward, or the spell- ing wrong bear with the author remembering that he had two more days only of life and knew it. "In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sanctus. Amen! "I was born In Australia, of Catholic parents, and at the early age of two years was carried away to England. My father was a navigator in the British Navy, who had resigned hie position ow- ing to his brother being concerned in the Young rreland Movement with Mit- chell and Smith O'Brien. My mother was of English parentage, parley edu- cated In France." The doctor, in gaol garb, then went on to describe details of his early life and continued: — 'Stories of the wild bush life inflamed my imagination, and I used to picture myself galloping over the plains. How little I then knew how hard that work really was; but its spice of danger lent it a charm, to which in after years I have often looked back with a sigh of regret. "Ay de mi, happy days too soon to pass, and give place to the grim reali- ties of existence. How happy it was in the evening to steal away to have a chapter from my favourite (but inter- victed) 'Mayne Reid' or 'Gustavo Aim- ard,' leaving the Pinnock or Telemague that I was supposed to be reading, nice- ly planted out of the Mater's sight. "It ended all too soon, and the order of march was Westward ho! where on the Broken Ranges and in the Brigalow Scrubs of the Upper Macintyre I found wild cattle and horses enough to keep my hands full and satisfy the veriest glutton of a rough rider, to repletion. . . . "Four years of this wild, free, happy, hard-working life, sleeping on the damp ground with the sky for a canopy, the saddle for a pillow, damper and salt junk for food, amongst staunch, brave com- rades, the wild pattle stealing, moon lighting, brumbie chasing, buckjump rid- ing young Australians. Happy for to- day, careless for to-morrow, with a good horse under me and plenty of cattle in the scrub; quiet intervals of home life with my mother, brothers and sister, a little French, a little music, and plenty of my beloved books when the end came. "My serpent was a fair daughter of Eve. It came in my eighteenth year. We were both about the same age, were thrown much together, and the result was disastrous to both. She was sent home. I was sent to Periagna to mus- ter brumbies, take them North for sale, and made to understand that I had dis- graced everyone belonging to me, and that I was not to come home again. Some land had been bought and built upon in my name in Warwick. This I had to transfer for the benefit of the infant, our fruit d'amour. I never saw either of them again for years, not until I had passed through the flashing thun- der cloud of war. . . . '"n Rockhampton, after paying all ex- penses, I had a little over £800 in my pocket, and did not know what to do. Dreams of turning squatter, going to the Digging, buying a schooner, any fancy that came across my mind engaged me for a few days until one day, strolling along the Esplanade, I saw a trim little barque lying in the river. I watched her dreamily for a time; she put me in mind of something, and I moved along to see her name. There it was: 'Vulcan, Cardiff.' I was astonished. My uncle's ship, and here? I was aboard in an instant, asked for Captain Meredith, and was soon shaking Uncle George's manly hand. He was more astonished than I was. I had grown in five years, and had a moustache like a fly's eyebrow that I was very proud of. He thought I was eight or nine hundred miles away. I had last heard of him in China, so meeting in the Fitzroy was a surprise for both. Mutual explanations ensued, and he Insisted on my going with him to Europe, as it had been intended when I was a youngster that I should study medicine. So I packed up again, bade Charley good-bye, and got aboard. "The Vulcan was a clipper well officer- ed and well manned, flying high with her cargo of wool, we made a rapid passage round the Horn to Gravesend. After a few days in London I went to Grantham. in Lincolnshire, to see my relatives and arrange for the future. With the Belles of the Old World "Uncle George came down when he had arranged about his cargo, and a family council consisting of self. Uncle George, my Uncle Michael (Dr. Meredith) and his wife, my Aunt Marj., was held to consider what was, to be done with the scapegrace. The decision of that council altered the whole tenor of my life. The Doctor had served in the Crimea. and as I understood French well, and he had surgical acquaintances in Paris, it was determined that I should go there to study the Arts and mysteries of Medi- cine and Surgery. "Meanwhile, it was arranged that I should take a trip to Copenhagen and Deippel, in Denmark, upon some busi- ness for my uncle until the preliminaries were arranged for my studies. I had a pleasant passage to Kobenhaun. The merchant Kempft (with whom I had business) spoke English, and I had no trouble. I stopped at his home. He had three very beautiful daughters who un- dertook to teach me Danish, and led me round to the sights of Kobenhaun. The 'Tivoli,' 'Konlgade.' and others; took me early to the Lutheran Church on Sun- day and introduced me to their girl friends, unquestionably the most beauti- ful collection of women that I had ever seen. Talk of 'Figlei d'ltalia!' The pure northern beauty of these 'Danske pelas'. with a touch of their own Aurora light- ing it, is more charming. . . . "The war fever. It seized us young hot heads and we held grave councils discussing how the campaign should be conducted. God help us! We knew noth ing about It then, but we knew what war meant after. I had two special com rades, an Englishman, Wm. Harrison, who had taken his M.B., B.Ch. In London, and came over to France for a term to see how they did those things, and an Amerleo Spaniard, Carlos Estavan, whose mother was an American lady, h.'s father a wine merchant of Malaga. Many and anxious were our consultations, and we decided to volunteer for the Army Medi cal Staff Corps and see some flghlinc. and get some good hard surgical practice; It will be better than the hospitals, said Will, and moro Interesting. So it was decided. We sent In our papers, made our application, were gladly accepted and off to Chalons. We put In our appear ance at headquarters at L.e Marnelon, and were appointed to the ambulance at tached to the 3rd (?) Division Legere, General Milot. So we were likely to see some fighting, but the rapid, heavy blnws had been struck In the north. Saar bruck, Forbach, Woerth, Vionville. Mc Mahon was falling back, forced Into the death trap of Sedan, and Bazaines mag nificent army was going through (he bloody time of Gravellotte and St. Prlvat 'We seemed out of It, but we had one sharp brush with a strong body of Uhlans near . Epornay, and taught them rather roughly that the Chassepot and Mitrail leuse were arms to be respected. It was the first time that I had seen a cavalry charge in earnest and powder burning in anger, and though 1t was relatively a very small affair, I am not likely to for get it or the sorrowful Impression that the first dny amongst the wounded, gave mo, the horrible wounds caused by seg ments of shell, the blue spots of the Chassepot bullets and mitrallle, telling tlielr silent gory tale of human suffering death and destruction. 'After our hurried wo) k was over we passed over where the charge had been made: the grovnd was occupied.- by. burial parties, field gendarmerie and field post, with a sprinkling of Red Crosses, seeking tor any wounCd that might re main amongst the, bodiec stretched ? so quietly sleeping their last sleep among the dead liorses, lumps of clay who, a short two hours before, were in the pride of. health, and strength, and hope beating high In their breasts; and now their souls had been hurried in the midst of fieri; passion before their Maker, before Him whose coming teas . heralded by the strain 'On earth peace and good-will to men'; and 1 sadly thought, this is the nolle game of war, hurrying hundreds of men into Eternity, who personally never injured us in thought or deed. God have mercy upon us I 'J was only too happy to return to my proper duties of alleviating- suffering for friend and foe. . . . The Old George Street Waxworks 'And In May, 1S71, we were in the mad days of the Commune, where fa thers and sons were ranged on opposite sides In desperate fratricidal battle! I will pass over those horrors, they are but too well known, except to remark that 1 suffered a severe loss there. My com rade and friend. Harrison, was killed at Chatillon by a segment of shell, and I felt his loss severely after going through so many dangers together, lie cause though non-combatants we were very often under fire. I was then at tached to the cavalry under the Mar quis Galllfet, and there were some ter rible doings after the capture of Paris during the, days of Martial Law. . 'A letter from my mother In Austra lia settled all. My father was dead. I was the head of the house and was wanted at home. Hastily making my arrangements and promising myself to come back and follow the career that I had planned for- myself, 1 left Paris, alas, for ever, stayed a short time In England, nnd took passage In the 'Alex andrlna' for Rockhampton. called at Capetown for fresh supplies, and landed cur cargo of Immigrants at Rockhamp ton on December 23, 1S72. Thus I set foot on Australia again at the spot where I left it four years previous. I went In the 'Queensland' to Brisbane, by rail to Toowoomba where my family were then residing. After our meetlnpr I set to to set matters square. My father had left them much poorer than 1 ex pected, so It was a matter of face the world. My Uncle George who had pro mised me assistance had been lost with We ship in the typhoon in the China, fieas. So I had to get Into harness toon as possible and give up hopes of reluming to Europe. 'I first went to. the Northern Diggings, Eavenewood, and Cape River, did fairly well, essayed my luck at the 'Palmer ' got a severe attack of Intermittent fever and had to come south, to my very great regret, as tfiere were but few medicos in the north, and a splendid field. 'Again my lines changed. I went home to Toowoomba, and from' there I went with . a small outfit on to the Western Railway, and started business at Chin chilla where I first hung out my shingle. 1 met as a patient a young long-haired girl of fifteen, called Mlp. White That is-twenty years ago. but I. have 'seen a great deal. of that young lady since I have seen. her to-day, but her fiftoen years of married life i,as ieft ,te ''^1 tlio long auburn hair of those da,' fs not so 01,g or Bright now; but she tells me that her heart has never wavered slnm- those days on the sandhills at Chinchilla .For all that it was five years after tw first reeling, and two of those years of .serious engagement, before we were mar ried in Roma.' We have been loyal, happy and unhappy together ever since 'I pursued, my private practice for *Zv ™e'J% e/reT-' dysentT and snake-bite with a fair -meed of success. At last, on Dr. E. R. Webbe resigning I was appointed medical officer for the nL2 -and whilst in, the position cf medical officer I acted as presiding officer In the Northern Downs electorate at the Tchan nlng— at a salary, of £36 per month and forage for two horses, keep myself and supply drugs and Instruments. There were sixty mtl.es of line In formation at a time, about BOO workmen, and 1 had to travel Iliat constantly; as there was a great deal of illness, fever, dysentry croup and scales fever always on hand' with all the other little Ills of male and female, old and young. I did my work conscientiously, was a general favorite, and at the completion of the line to Roma m received a testimonial. Busy though I was, 1 used to find time to see my little girl occasionally, until she was sent to Dalby Convent for some months to llnlsh and get confirmed on her return. We were married in St. Patrick's, lloma, on May 4, 1SS1. God grant her grace. ...' He then went on to describe a partner ship Into which he entered in Sydney, in which he cured people of sundry ills. Wo made a success of the business, though expense? were high, until we had to leave the place owing to the ground being required to build Her Majesty's Theatre. We then removed to 502 George street, where our rent and taxes were £18 per week. As my partner was un skilled in the business, the whole of the work fell upon me, and the expenses be ing so high. I was losing money. My wife, too, at the time, was very ill, and I had to send her to the Blue Mountains. We could not let off the rear of the pre mises, which were shortly after taken by the Waxwork people, so I went out of the firm and started 'solus' in cheaper premises in Park-street. 'During the first year of my new busi ness 1 earned £1600, less a few shillings. Then Women Came 'I was doing fairly well until women came in the way a^ain. I had been doing a large legitimate midwifery practice, and there are a good few young people about Sydney now that I brought to the light of day; but an extraordinary case oc curred. I was treating a certain lady of easy virtue. I did not know that she dab bled in midwifery, but she asked would I go as far as Petersham if I was called. I naturally replied yes, If I were paid for It. Some week or two after her husband, a stupid Frenchman, called late in the evening and told me that I was wanted at a certain house in Constitution-road. I went and found a young woman whom I had never seen before. 'They explained that the girl had been taken bad the day before, and that she had got afraid owing to her 'being so long over it,' and had sent for me. Looking at the case I found that the girl was 'multipara' — and got suspi cious that all was not right, and then asked the people why she had not called another doctor who lived only a few yards off Instead of sending to Sydney. She replied, 'Oh, I don't believe in him.' I found out why after it was too late. 'After attention I returned to Sydney a little puzzled about my case though fully convinced that the elderly woman knew a great deal more about the mat ter than she would admit. I saw the The second last vage of Sherld&n;'s life story. girl the following morning, and did not like her progress. However, at the time 1 was mixed up in another case which had gone badly and was unable to attend to her. It seems she got worse, was at tacked by peritonitis and the doctor who was 'not believed in' was called. 'At the trial It came out that the reason why he was not called in the first Instance was that a few months previously he had been called to the same clrl in the same house on a similar occasion, and they were afraid to call him again. The end of the case was fatal. The people said I had ' been at tending the girl and that another Frenchman had paid for the abortion. 1 had never seen the Frenchman before to my knowledge. The Jury, after being locked up from Saturday until Monday, disagreed— ten for acquittal. We were put back, tried again before another Judge. 'Guilty. 10 years. 'That conviction brought one, in the other case without much consideration, 5 years more— nine months In separate treatment, then stone-breaking. Was not left long at that, services were required. Was writer lor Trades Overseer for two or three years, then appointed chief wwdsman in hospital, where my train ing made me of some use. Wo had pretty hard times of it thero as there were several cusen ot typhoid fever requiring constant vigilance. Delirium 'I suppose that you, have never sat vv through the still watches of the night with a typhoid patient, who, tossing and muttering beside you, trying to get out of bed every instant, demands constant atten tion, cleaning the parched lip and tongue, changing the ice caps on the fevered head, and restraining mad efforts to escape from bed. It is weary work, and requires a good deal ot the itMk ot human kind ness, and a strong stomach to make a good wardsman in a lever hos pital 'My wife, God bless her, had worked successfully for me. and I returned to Sydney, followed. 1 believe, by the hearty good wishes of all my companions In the prison. ? 'I had only a few pounds, as my de fence had taken nearly all the proceeds of the business, which I had to sell at a sacrifice, and she had been earning her own living for years In a large dress making establishment 1 unfortunately determined to try my luck in Paik-street once again. 1 say unfortunately, because I should have left Sydney and tried a new field In toto, and times had changed. Money was scarce everywhere, rents higher, and competition much keener. I could not take up business where 1 had left off. My clientele were scattered by years of absence, and 1 had to recom mence, to build up a new business with everything against me. Short of cash, no credit, no connection, nothing but a stout heart and a fair knowledge of my business. I took a shop at £4 per week, and when I had It fitted up and a few drugs In It my slender means were ex hausted. Then began the dire fight which has lasted till the present. Well, I failed there; the flood was too strong for me; and I took employment in the Paddlngton Drug Store for a time; left that, opened a dental business in Beal's Chambers, sold that and bought the Pad dlngton Drug Store, like a fooL Prior to purchasing that business I was In private practice In Paddington. and was making a living under small expense ? 'I helped materially to save a good girl from the consequences of a fault that was occasioned by the carelessness of her parents, for if sou will let young men and women go strolling through Centennial Park on dark nights after supper you provide the means for strong temptation, and if a young woman who loves a fellow falls, it is the fault of those who place that temptation in their way. they them selves knowing well what the result will | probably be. nnd not so much the fault | of the unfortunate girl who has to bear . all the consequences of a slip, the result of a momentary passion in the midst of strong temptation. . . . 'How was the beginning of the end. The whole idea of a quack advertising place was repugnant to ?me, who had always kev' On meili cal work) to the. rule that it was infra dig to advertise that yon covld cure people of al' sorts of ills, nnd highly improper for any man with a medical training to connect him self with such class of business. Parting of the Ways j But what was ltd dof There was on the one ;ia?id a promise of a liv ing: on the oiher a! nost certain starvation, and I argued 1 can at least do the best that my skill will permit in such cases as may come. Treat them honcstli/, aud so mini mise the wrong such establishments generally do. The 'raison d'etre' of such places is t' make money, milk their unfortunate clients of every penny that they possibly can under specious promises and theories learnt by the fellow run ning the show, as a parrot learns its lessons, for these men are not, as a rule, professional' trained. . . '1 saw every class of woman, from those whose carriage was left in the quiet part of Macquarie-street, to the barefoot girl selling matches and news papers. Many and various were their complaints. Some married women were anxious to have children, some had too many olive branches and were eager to try prevention. Others complained of drunken, wife-beating husbands, and did not wish to bear any more children to them. Young women came in their trouble to be helped out of it. Mothers came to have their daughters saved the disgrace of Illegitimate maternity. All sorts, old and young, seemed to have something going wrong. 'Another of my cases will show a queer Bide of Sydney-- married life. A Mrs. Li. whom I bad attended some years ago, came hurriedly to me one morning to attend a woman In labor at Redfern. I went with her in the 'bus Into the Assyrian slums of Elizabeth-street, opposite Redfern Park, and there found a young woman In the throes of parturi tion. She required (Instrumental assist ance, and being a 'prlmapara,' ' had had some hours of exhausting ineffective la bor. After about half an hour, she was safely delivered of a girl and made com fortable. After going downstairs I had a conversation with Mrs. L. about the girl whom she called 'Flo.' at, I had not noticed any wedding ring. I was na turally curious as to Who the young mo ther, my patient, wbb. On questioning Mrs. Ij., she said coolly, 'You -will 'ave to look to 'Any. her (Mrs. Tv.'s husband) for your money, as the kid belongs to him.' To say that J stared nMth aston ishment wojlri :ir; :uif n^ is. wy mildly. Here was -. v-..,. , ., , r ;cr husband's paramour ??: i!k 1., u- ????': her, and more, nun! ;? -r ;r- !?? ?. . nement of a child ot -'li:, '-,:-r, ?r.-..,,1, the fa ther of he: o-*-n o1,-. Ml : n -he puta tive fathei The Bis* 1 remedy ?'O temn.-ia. ' -.mr -. ? j -? nfess that I. felt very i.wiiwii-.-j !-.'? . ??:. ?; j say no thing. Vi.-oi & .v j ;..- -u-.\ carving knives am' i ?.'!?;,' rni:,i- rn'.ied across my mind. !;?.?« ?_ --.vi . nc t n- along to gether as v.-: I xt .. ci.upl.- .if Mormon women, Ui-U|-:'- I ii«::t', ' K: ? nbout the paternity t.i ti-e rhiM. Wwl -???-?- the reply that Flo Btnl ?'. wit iiK and vim ought to know. . . 'And no.- a-i co.no o in.- Elizabeth street trajf-V us :i Im. \k.c.v. fittingly named. . 'Mais hc'.if. A.: ih,i£ j rolKht write upon the .lj.-: :.'. even if I gave the names r.i.i -:f;.'t,;R..'r of «11 that I know who '.:?? ?? o --.:.?! It rune, rr of all the people mal. a, j f.-:..al.i ..',o practice the art, would i'.: '.In- foe' llnu women will solicit \o :. .vc trc.'i-s*'v?n relieved of their burt-' ;i. Ji'!:: Ik&t; otbvr women and men «-.U utiA'jr'.rirt. to ?o relieve them. I billsiv thp urt ?' n« practised In Europe -befn.-o 'the p ?' .-?\'jP came. 1 know that it is tr:..:!ised by the Kanakas c' the South Kens, and prob ably some nno ^ill ':?*- jjolr.g it when the last Trumpet tounflt.. . T:io tendenoy t« it \1b innal'. vim vomnn ol .-.11 nations, I creeds and color, r-.nfl ttriot tcoral train ing for bIwb, und the consequences ol their Blip, j-tH here, ?' in.! more especl ally hereafter should be sternly pointed out to them. Let parents show a goud moral life to ttieir daughters, keep them from quiet dark walks at night, and the moral bloom of our feminine fruit will remain on much longer. Woman's vir tue is a very delicate fruit, and once the bloom is rubbed off. all the tears of Nlobe cannot regain iu . . . 'But to return to my case. A young woman came to me under a false name and told me a pitiful story which was only partly true. She was pregnant, and that was about all the truth that she told me about her case. She came half dressed in the early morning, and 1 na turally came to the conclusion that she cdine from close by. she, on belne questioned, said she came from Mac donald Town. On examination 1 found Her 'pnmpara,' and in the initial stage of labor. I advised her to get home, as the labor might come on rapidly, and on the other hand might last a couple of days. She said she could not go home, as she «as in lodgings, and asked could I find her a place unt.l It was over 1 arranged with the Chapmans to look after her at 7/6 per day. 1 asked the girl who gave the name of 'Annie Brown' what had caused the premature labor. She told me she had been taking medicine for several weeks from a doc tor, whose name she mentioned, and thought that might have had effect at last. But 1 afterwards (at the trial) dis covered that the most probable cause was over-excitement. She had had a very Berious quarrel with her mother, who had stripped her of her clothing, and honing °Ome aullurried ™»»-ay journey boiling over with excitement. She was in a restless excited state when she con tuned me, and would have been a little more than woman if she could liave buriie the amount of agitation that she «-?hB?C ;VroU6h in her then condition without evil effects. There was no oc casion to 'operate.' 1 gave her some medicine and sent her up to the room where shi carefully secluded herself. I saw her occasionally in company with the nurse. 'The labor dragged slowly on. and on the Friday morning I was told that all was 'right' 'What became of the child I .enow not, and what exactly hap pened in that room after 1 left the premises on Thursday 1 only know from hearsay and deduction. This I know, that the injuries were re ceived during deliver}/, and that the rupture was occasioned a few minutes after. J was told that an intestine had protruded, and as they could not get it back, some force was used, and it was divided. 'When I went upslaJrs on Friday morning 1 asked the girl how she had gut on. She said that she was all right, but the features were hipocratic, and the awful grey shadow of death was there. 1 ivas attending a severe rase out -»l town and had to go out to attend to It, 'When I returned sin was dead, and the household in a great slate of excitement, fhen hasty tall; in formed me of ull, of who had liren there, and uhal took ;-lace shortly after the birth. The next rjucstion was the disposal of the body' The mod fear of '.he icoman when she saw the mess that had occurred, her mad prayers that it should he removed somewhere, and not buried from the premises, s her employer -the owner of Ilia liouse) would kick them out. The man was ac tually going for a van tu remove it when I stopped him, and pointed out the other 7neans. 'That night, nut being at all satisfied with the result, I determined to examine the wound through an incision inaJe through the linea alba. I did so. and finding the rupture, passed my other hand over and satisfied myself that even with- ' out the division of the bowel, she could not have lived. I then put In t lain.noR ' post mortem stitch to close the nu..-l m .v the abdomen. '. 'The rest of this unhappy car -a [i:-V,- licly known. But this is not kr. ,-.-;, JY,f exact truth that 1 did not peri : ..-.- operation upon the patient; i:-u ' : rr, not responsible for the ruptu.- . -i (lie womb nor for dividing the bo..-. .; Dr. A ? is wholly and totally win- ;n hit theory. The incision in the nbc-i:..-.; ?«*-. : post mortem. There was no i:. ---??.??? ;an operation to remove a child, ai ?-: th -r!rl lived longer after the birth tha.-. I.. : f posed. He Fights for Himself X ? ? was wrong in his deduc tion that the splashes of blood on the wall were occasioned by operating on the girl In the surgery. In fact, there was not one drop of her blood about the wall, but the less said about X ? 's theories ?the better for him. He is more pedant than scientist. X ? in unfitted for his position, as instead of sticking to the de scription of facts, only his vanity carries him away and makes him a special wit ness who does all he possibly can to convict It is very easy to suppress the truth where truth would be of value to the prisoner. The prosecution takes the narrow view that they only want the evi dence against a prisoner, not the broad er one of all the truth for or against, and If they can get a witness to distort and cover it with a host of technical terms that are not understood of the people. It suits their book, but a witness who should be unbiassed, but who Is govern ed by the man hunting principle. Is, -to say the least, reprehensible. 'My counsel to whom ¥be all honor,' and who I cannot thank sufficiently, to gether with my solicitor, did all they possibly could for me; but medical evi dence fs a quagmire bristling with tech nical terms ana descriptions in which any one, not specially trained in anatomy and the language of the medical profession, will hopelessly flounder, not knowing what to avoid, and so plunging 'In media res' gets inextricably bogged, whilst I defy any ordinary Jury to understand It as evidence, and thus they depend on the summing up of a Judge, who must confess himself that he did not under stand a half of it, and based his prin cipal conclusion on the evidence of an approver who did not tell all the truth, and nothing like as much as she knew; and on an explanation of the ambiguous clause of the Act under which I was tried, and in which he defined the word 'Malice' to mean not an intention to in jure any one, but the fact that a person had been Injured by some other person without that person having any intention of so Injuring them, so I should advise medical men to be very cautious in per forming even minor operations, as, should their patient unfortunately die, they are, according to his dictum, legal ly guilty of murder, though their Inten tions may have been of the best 'However, in my case, the ver dict brought me into the condemn' cd cell, and next Tuesday Cith January, 1896) 1 hope to be ..: . ;...?. Father in Heaven* What thr ; ??,.-,? of mind has been under th-..r ~r ? cumslances you, know. I ht r ;:.-.- Jed a good life, th ugh 1 -.trr ' totally lost Faith, but casing ,?;?!?- Ward now I find very, very . ?;-..'.. i U; reproach myself with, evi:, ,?:.-, and good work left undone, ? I'-. ?????-..- refused that offered for my rtU-, ??'?-- tion. It is astonishing to -i pw mortal how clear the mei,:-; -::.'J Introspective vision become., c, t\c near approach of the Dreari .i ,- -7tJ: how many yeai? you can 1 .'-? 'vcr again in a few moments; ho : . c i littta action of the long-for.-^t-.n past springs up to *fbn». ??????; how disgustingly black the ... ,:' ?.::?- pears that you used to think : r .-,-,./ ever thought of it at all) -.:.' -.-r i good sort of fellow; how ste '?';,- i'.'r discarded conscience arraic.t: r.i/. With 'I told you so long yeo' : nr.'o. but you would go your oi ? u-'ij,1, and see where It has land' . :/;?:/,' what will you do nowf J;-i tl-c mocking temptation to ?.'«pr- thrown forth by the devil, !:ke ih*- waU of a lost soul, 'Too *??*'?, j/c cannot enter here.' And th:. (*in' tive cry of hope. Keep In t.'i.- i^i tles -van, you can yet win if you are steadfast. 'These terrible mental struggles are almost continuous. But I am iu-w finding the efficacy of prayer^ and I sincerely hope that the pro mise, 'Whom the Lord loveth Be chastenelh/ is being borne out fit my case. 'Father, I now can appreciate the sword of sorrow and the eugcrings of the Passion, and the terrible longing to be aZone with sorrow, hidden from human eye that it might exhaust itself In the violence ?-'. of its paroxysm. But that, too, is denied me here. In the condemned cell you are never alone. My soul is filled with thi bitterness of the 'AsphodeT and 'Artemesla,' and the . cup is running over, but it must perforce be drained to the dregs, and I must go to an ignominious death. ' His Last Cry: Kyrie Eleison And drag a grand old name shining In battle, song, and story through the mire of a felon's death at the hand of the common hangman. 'Bui even in this bitter past I humbly thank God that I am no. traitor. I have never turned my . -cfc on either friend or foe. I have never betrayed a professional secret, for I do not consider betrayal asking my Confessor's advice In a particular case 'that you wot of! where 1 was undecided what teas, morally right to do in' the matter. ' 'I have been always gentle to women, kind to children, and have dealt fairly by men, according to my lights, but I have many sins of omission and commission. 'I have no vope i- the mercy of man; it is an unknown quantity in New Zouth Walet. 'Where they gather and sow, reap and mow, Labour and sleep! And then, then for the prize. A crowd In the street of ever echo ing tread. The 'Toilet3 dies in his harness, Is stretched on the pathway . 'Deadl' 'No, my only, hope is in the In finite mercy of mv Lord and Savi our, festiM Christ, and I cry the cry with Dlsmus, May the Lord have mercy upon me in His great mercy, and remember not my offences, but grant, me a place -» Sis Heavenly. Kingdom. Amen.'- _ . ,... L'ENVOI. : V 'I have been a keen worker, and sot ?'.'', unsuccessful professionally, yet I tave lot been a success. Etpourquol? I think .' hat I can now see myself more dearly : ban I ever cared to try before, and I 3 eckon up myself and my failures in the ? ' tuslness of life tbusly:— A fair start to - be world, blessed' with a good corjstjtu- ?'??'' Ion and a really good training. Later ileBsed by a loving (almost to idolatry) ? , virgin wife (aye, Father, when I married '? ter ehe was 'virgo Intacta'), what would i man want more? Tet I was a failure -y temperament ana travel. I was a nrey i » discontent. If In a steady business I mist add something else to it to Increase t, not for love of lucre, God knows. I ,ever cared for money except for what I :ould do wltb It . ? / J 'The result of this temperament and -V ny obstinacy was that I used to often ' :ome to grief and lose a good deal more ' ' han I bargained for. Had I my time iver again in New South 'Wales with my :; -resent experience, matters would bodif- ;; erent, as I have to trace many of my 5? last misfortunes to surroundings and 'ex- ? '.'. xaneous Influences. What Is it old Hor- . ' use Bays? 'Intra nos peoeatorus ex ex xat* or something of that sort' Ay de ni. It to all over now, and on Tuesday iext, 'Koomos' will crumble Into noth ingness tor me, and I will be face to face with my Creator. In that dread hoar nay He have mercy Upon my poor sinful raid. Is toe humble prayer of your poor jenltent— I am, Father, yours In loving sortow,'. ^' ??; 