PRIMARY PRODUCERS. _- i AIR GRIEVANCES AT MASS MEETING. COMPREHENSIVE RATIONS. PROPOSED INDUSTRIAL UNION. A oiï.-.a luei-liug of primary p|-iidin-t-it j was lii'ld in rho School of Arin verier-1 day moraine 10 discuss varions plutsisj oí Üi» dairying and agricultural indus irie*. und to try and formulât* M-lnuir for bettering thc welfare of tl"- pm dui-rr. Kith in regard tn Ihr mean* ni production md marketing. Tbi-iv wer about 60 Indies j,nd gentlemen |TCM-M. The meeting wis convened hy the. feu tral Queensland DistrH Coinuil "f Agriculture. Mr. <i. Iv Macdonald (President of thc fVuneil) presided Menilx-re of the TWkiiampion lin'ii.-f rial '..ViuniJl were al^o prcscnl. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. A very comprehensivo address covur inc the portion »as delivered ivy thc President as follows : As you aro awan- this meeting was convened by the District Council to provide an opportunity of diseussini! matters affecting the dairying industry and, if possible, to inaugurate meant- c-i dealing with those disabilities that atv. depressing tho industry, lt is reco; nised, and it ie desirable to otro.ii that agriculture generally, and dairying in particular, in Queensland arc dominated almost entirely by our climatic capriciousness which affects production, .marketing and system. .Notwithstanding, however, timi murli of this Stat« is experiencing abnormally dry conditions, with consequential lotv production, and grave menace to our herds, we find that the returns we are receiving from our cream supply-such as it is--arc, «nd have been for many months past, so distressingly lov? aa lo demand our careful survey of the ad- ministration of the financial «do of th.-, industry, particularly in respect ol manufacturing costs "and marketing ai rangements und charge*. ?With tile object of affording you an opportunity of gathering authentic in- formation regarding thc activities and policies of our controlling bodies, not- ably the Cmmonwealth Dairy Trod mi s lirport Control Hoard thc Stabilisation Committee, and thc State Huller I'oard representatives of those bodies includ- ing the chairman, Mesura. T. F. Plun- kett and C. H. Jamieson respectively, «ere invited to he present here to-day. Additionally Mr. Macgregor, Director of the QP-A., and representatives limn other dairying districts were also in- vited. It may be explained that il was in- tended to hold this meeting some wee).* ago, but difficulty waa experienced in selecting a date suitable to thc con venience of those of our leaders, whom it was especially desired should address you, whilst those approaches were pro- ceeding. It was suggested that tho ob- ject of tho meeting might be advanced if the fullest information regarding thu j operations of the Paterson scheme w ere nvailable. Eventually our leaders , reached an understanding regarding the several engagement and th« District Council was advised that to-day would be a suitable date and convened the meeting accordingly. Under those circumstances it afli.nl: one, much pleasure to extend a hearty welcome to Mr. Macgregor and Mr. M'fiobert and our visitors from this and other districts, as delegates from their ???VJi'i., and in doing so, I desire to express regret for the absence of juesbr*. Plunkett, Jamieson and Wilson, repre- sentatives of the Commonwealth and -late Butter Boards, who have beni, apologies ior am inability lo bc pre- ssent, ae also have Messrs. K. fi. Wcbi- lcr (South Burnett), and J. T. Tatnell ' (Wide Bay) lt is a matter of keen pleasure lo see o many ladies here to-dsy, and 1 trust that action of « definite and far reach- ing character in the direction of pla Ling ibo dairying indublry in a positio:i t>» claim relationship with our White Aus- tralia will bc the outcome of thin tinvl - iug. In this connection it is of con- siderable importance to know that ll." local leaders of thc industrial section of our community ure desirous of obtain- ing first hand information concerning th<> disabilities that arc affecting the pto greES of tho dairy industry. This desire aaa manifested itself in a determina- tion by the Industrial Council to ac- cept the invitation of thc District Coun- cil for industrial representation herc to day and in welcoming those delegates, Messrs. Ellis, Nolan, and M'Mullcu, I trust, that I am proceeding aong lines that indicate that a substantial pro- gress towards a. thorough understanding of the difficulties constantly encoun- tered by primary producers in their sf forts tn obtain remuneration for their labour and capital at noi less Dian basic wages rates without calling on their wives and family to assist in earning sante will emanate from this meeting. I The convening of this meeting may be described as II legacy from tile late Dis- trict Council, which, subsequently to i the Federal elections in November last, called (he attention of the Priam Minis ter, Mr. Bruce, arid tho Federal Trea- surer, Dr. Earle Page, to tho remarkable support accorded tho Commonwealth d'n venmcnt in rural electorates und askcii for reciprocations of thal confidence ty tlu> early inauguration of a Common- wealth Orderly Marketing System of primary producto in recognition of thc simple claiai for "equity lo nil icclinns of th» community'' upon :i living v.ugu basis and as II fundamental to thc (~om nionwcillli policy uf agricultural mii^-a - tion. 'lin's view was promptly support ed hy many nf our L.P.A's. which cul minuted in » definite inquest from Alton Downs L.P.A. to the District tVunvil io convene this meeting. In determining tu invite you herr to- day tho District Coiuicil desires to be understood (hal it is Inot. Unappreciative ol tIii- L3C I II« I lin ve from time to time buen m. in tlir ihtrrcfts of tho dniryins inri I try I "n tlie wntrury, it is rM-ogniwd t. Ibero, is much lo npprociatc in thc I'ri MiniMei's recognition of tile .iustiii tinn nf tim i-ase for u i-wtem of IV uioiivvralth control put up to liím lin- Council ot Agriculture iu iitit a Hie subsequent, enactment of the Un Import Control Act by thc Coniui' «rjlili doverumiint, also it ie. rccngu'i tiwi tli<i iStal>ilipation Committee a jiln Iiiitter Hoard :uc milking genii |cllorU to advantageously advance i j IMortan bcliiune. Coincident with t I recognition, however, it cannot bc 1 uored that th« Dairy Products Kxp i Control Art and Board merely rcprew 'a palliative for thc request for Co 1 mon wealth control and as such, mi 'submit to review, and 1 submit thal. I time has arrived for thal now. In ii respect it is prudent (o reitérale rcfci thut we were unsuccessful in Recur! tlw iitlcndancc IHTC to-day of Mr. ' F. plunkett, chairman of that IW and Mr. C. H. Jamieson, chairman thc Hinter Hoard. In Mr. I'lunk't absence I regret ] am not otherwise possession of any knowledge of ii .materia.! increase in the dairymen'b I j turns that ure directly attributable thc activities of (he Export Conti Hoard. ' In extolling the operations of til Board, however. - it is observable, thron thc medium of the Brisbane pres? thc tilst instant, that Mr. Bruce giv Ihr Hoard his blessing becaube il i 'foliated a. positive saving ol ««ii UJO.OOO per year in marine iusuraiice i ' lutes an,i ?* negotiating for a redi (ion in marine freight concessions. I! fortunately thc Prime Minister was n communicative to the estent of stati (lie ucttif.l benefit the individual dair man would derive from those reforme, in other words, what decimal of a peni j por Iii. of butter manufactured thc j concessions represented. I In view of thc fact that thc B0.-1 has been functioning for a period of u proximately 12 month!,, and in thc a hODOc of any noticeable benefits a tributablc tu its operations, the Distri Council has approached the followi eo-opirativc dairy companies opcrati in this State for information that w j constitute a basis for computing 1 'iivr-rage return per individual snpjitl under thc Board's regime. The folio' big companies have been good onou¡ to"supply thc desired information frc their books for the twelve mont j.lnpuary 1st to December 3Ut last Hawson VaJley. Port Curtis, Mar borough, Gayndah, Wide Bay, Darlii Downs . lt is informative to loam from th« .figurer, that an average return per »'J plier ranees between a maximum of a proximately £253 gross per year, equiv lieut to 13s. Dd. per daj', and a minimu Iof approximately £204 gross per yei :iud ll5- per day respectively. These turures arc of such a deplo able nature tliat it is not expect« they will be appreciated in offici circles as supporting argument for ii proved marketing conditions and 1 surprise will bc expressed if th« arc challenged from that quarter « the argument that they merely ind cate a system of inefficiency and incluí billycan suppliers and general farnie and do not, therefore, indicate a d pendable index of the stability of ti dairying industry. The fact- remain however, that they constitute the ave ape grots amount« periodically di buried amongst the dairymen of tl district concerned, which include a lars extent of famous dairy country i coastal districts. It. is further to be emphasised tim having regard to ¡Sunday work ever one of (lie dairy companies mention* fail to record au average gross relur to its suppliers thal is equivalent to ba*ic wage for one individual. It i therefore, perfectly reasonable lo suit (hat these figures constitute in »er large degree thc real reason why r.u iauiily members are drifting cityward und Why our agricultural land set tl; ment ia similarly drifting bo ecrinn-d astern, lu making this statement it i quite realised I am inviting our critie to say vc lack efficiency in our uictbn. and in our herds. To a large extin (his ie true and just as certainly wii llio.vc deficiencies continue until wo iiav a reasonable incentive to improve i-bcji Tliat incentive, I submit, will not li apparent unless and until provision i made to enable thc industry to rctun reasonable remuneration for labour air capital. In (his respect the figures sn; plied by the Gladstone Company, whils being quite of an average with tho; supplied hy oilier companies, are par (¡eularly interesting because nf om prirsc-ual associations with thc cono, linn« generally prevailing Ul tho dist ii from which that company dra*s it supply. Thc official figures from tb rninpany for thc year June 1st, 1024. -r Hist May, 1935, BIUJW that the evem^ monthly return varied from a ;;io-.' maximum of £2.5 to a gross minimum o £1:; per supplier. Thc lctser of Ihn figures is equivalent, to a grots ictm. of Ss. Sd. per day to euch supplier, i Luken for thc firs! six months ot tin period mentioned thc fi;mrcn rHurii 1: daily overage of approximately 11s. lid per supplier. Tte distressing nature of t-nub i" ("in-', which arc surely a travesty whee .ippliwl to the. "White Australia" pro Irf-fafions of our Parliamentarians-um excepting thc Prime Minuter, is ag (rrjvated by a reference to the iiicom , tax «.-bCfbinciit figure» of thc vcor end June 30th, 1924, taken from thc n-poi I nf tho Commissiancr for taxes for th I yean; I!>23-4 and 1924-5. Of a total in .come tax of £2,050,686 paid in Queens land for that year 1514 farmers roi. tributed £52,0&7; of that amount £37.1 only was pai<j by dairy farmers. Ulai is to say that only 78 dairy farmers in (he whole of Queensland exceeded the statutory exemption and qualified for payment qt Í373 out of a total of ' £¡,059,558 income tax. ( Under all theso circumstances il is ' desired that you will give your inatuic ! consideration tn the question of any I longer passively permitting a continu I anee of thc unorthodox principle nf al , lowing youi' exportable surplus to in ilurn'a) your Commonwealth market in ii depreciating manner and the further serious question covered by the inten- tions of our legislators to aggiavntc that unsound principle by encouraging and facilitating thc dumping of a vast body of agricultural migrants into this State and tho Commonwealth as pro- ducers of a commodity which our legis- lators leave to find a market on tho etüircly ímsoaiid basis of competition with the product, of other countries which do not. enjoy our Australian standard of living. If you are of thc opinion that DU unstatcsmanlikc action is being per- petrated by thc dumping of a rural mi- grant pgipulnce--as produpcrs-prior to the enactment of a satisfactory Com mcilwraith Marketing System of pri- mary products I trust you will demon ¡ strate your discord with such u ¿ro ipo.-ition by inaugurating the necessary action to-dny to deal with such a 6i-rl ons situation. I in defence of hit Migration Agreement, the Printe Minister i.« ?reported in the Brisbane "Courier" on Monday last to have slated in Sydney recently that "To-day Great Entail; lis seriously concerned that a large nurn Ibor of her most enterprising stock is ! seeking a home in thc United States. Thc obvious reason for this is that thc inducements arc greater in thc United States than elsewhere, notwith- standing the fact that there arc more than 110,000,000 competitors for a liv- ing as against only 6,000,000 in Aus- tralia.'' In his reference to the attrac- tive inducements that the United States tempts thc British migrant. Mr. Bruce ignores the fact that thc US. has re- cently introduced a marketing measure for primary products of a statesman- like character and designed to meet a situation akin to our own. The intro- duction of thajt measure shows there is a strong feeling among primary pro- ducers in the United States that the turpins crops could he marketed with much greater benefit to the farmers and lo tho country generally were they potlod and sold by a co-operative orga- nisation, specially formed for the pur- pose. With this object in view, Sena- tor Brookhart has introduced in thc United States Senate a Bill providing 'for the appropriation of $250.O00,0Wi I (about £50,000.000 sterling) from thc United States Treasury to create a joint Federal Farm Export and Import Marketing Association. The manage- ment of thc proposed association is to be vested in n Botud of Directors of three persons, appointed by the See retary for Agriculture from thc nomi- nations of various farming organisa- tions. The organisation will bc em- powered to purchase from farmers all exportable surplus crops at an average cost of production, plus 5 per cent profit. Thc Department of Agriculture will be required to fix the average cost of production, on the basia of thc cost over the five preceding years. It is «aid that the ultimate aim of thc co-operative organisation alia!] be to supply tho needs of members, to attain control of the necessary grod action, and lo effect a union of the societies of the world in un international organisation having the same common purpose. If that, measure correctly describes thc position of the primary produce/ in Hie United Slates, with its enormous popu- lation, it may be asked how much more aptly should it apply to the producers 1 of the Commonwealth and thc increased product ion of a host of agricultural migrant«. For the purpose of your deliberations I desire to remind yon that a confpr jence of Ktate Ministers for Agriculture will most, probably bc sitting in Bris- bane in the carly future-about June. 1 mention this in order that you may consider thc desirabclness of takiog action in the direction of impressing Queensland's representative with any views you may finalise to-day. HR. MACGREGOR'S REMARKS. Thc Director oí the Queensland Coun i-il of Arn-icultur», Mr. T,. R. Map-, gregor, detailed thc objects of the agri- cultural organisation scheme, wlii''Ji Iwas brought into being to organise tlir primary producers and better their .general conditions. He also by means j of a graph, outlined thc various prices j that obtained on tile local and overseas! markets for butter, prices which be asked not lo bc published. Ile stated that he had showu by thc figures that' one-third ot production was sold on thc lo.ul market, and two-thirds overseas. Tí» latter market was tho lesser re- munerative, and even with the Paterson bonus scheme that was brought in re- cently ret urned to tho supplier ls. 2}d., whereas the cost of production was somewhere in the region of ls. "d. Speaking on migration, bc contended that a system that was based on agri- cultural development was economically unsound, and the only plan suitable was a balaneed system of migration It was proposed to appoint a Migration Commissioners' Board lo take stock of Hie whole industrial and agricultural, resources of tho Commonwealth and evolve a balanced system of mb/ratiou, and stimulate those respective Indus- tries. When they went to the Com- monwealth Government for assistance for the dairyman they would be told to place their industry on an efficient basis, and he (Mr. Macgregor) sugges- ted thc following programme:-(1) Herd improvement; (2) fodder oonser-j vation se' :me : (3) a definite arrange.-j ment with thc Australian consumer tc pay a prico that would return to the supplier a margin of profit above the cost of production ; (4) « balanced sys- tem of migration that would not prc~ judic; the people already herc and those to come ; (5) monetary recognition for the Australian producer in producing a high standard of article to cover him for such loss in producing that quality when compared with other countries. Mr. It Taylor (Wowan) wanted to know what Mr. Macgregor had done since be spoke to thom in dunc last al Wowan. He considered that the pro- ducer was worse off. Mr. Macgregor was getting £1000 a year and had no cause to grumble, and ho (thc speaker; was not grumbling at that cither, fur if Mr. Macgregor did not get it, some- body oise would. Thoy all wanted to live, but three of his neighbours were, leaving their farms on account of thc hard existence. He added, " We cannot live on air ; wo aro not fishes.1' Mr. Macgregor replied that us thc result, of thc work of the organisation £200.000 bad been returned to the "dairy- men hinco June. las!. If thor bad nnt becn organised they would nol have gol that. A \oicc : We have not, got it. Mr. Macgregor : It was divided amongst 20.000. You have to consider the magnitude nf the problems, and it only epst you 13s. 4d. to get that tcn I uer. In th« last two years, as thc. re : »cit of the organisation, about £500,000 viib divided amongst 30,000 primary producers. j Mr. Taylor was of thc opinion that ¡ there were loo many butter factories. : He was seriously considering going ba-"k . to Argentine, where he had boen 18 i yean;. Thc standard of living was as Igood there as in Australia. Ho was asked why i-onditions were so good over there, anil he replied, "In tile Argen linc Parliament, they had men who were statesmen." (Laughter.) With little ceremony the speaker concluded, '? Thanks fer hearing me ; I'm off." And he wcni. Mr. Tr.uey (Woodbury! suggested Hint. Mr. Macgregor should go amongst thc fanners more and explain affairs ; it would do ¡¡way with a lot of mis j understanding. j A COMPREHENSIVE UOTWN. Mr. J. W. Byatl (Gracemere) moved.1 \- - Thal this meeting of Central Queens laud dairymen »nd women, whilst agreeing that wrluin prospective bene ll'it. of ii national character as distinct , (rom individual, ure possible of ad- vancement hy sound administration ol iii--. Commonwealth-Imperial migration agreement, in uncompromisingly of thc .'.ii.ion that f;n A Comomvealtji orderly market- ing system of daily products on thc oasis of au equitable return to pro- ducers for the joint effect of their i labour and capital musí be inaugurated ns a {undinnciilal to thc encouragement, tu thc British rural migrant whoso mis- sion will bc to increase au existing ex-, portable surplus which does not give >i profitable return to producers. | (b) Tho dairying industay ia the most sweated industry in Australia to-day and, therefore, the time bas arrived for an insistent demand that provision ne immediately enacted for thu emancipa- tion of dairymen and their families from tlili stigma in (n) above by a CuiumnnweaH.h orderly marketing sys- tem of dairy products, upon a basis cf. equitable return to producers, as a pre- lude to the encouragement of thc Bri- tish rural migrant, who, in thc absence of au orderly marketing system, end, by increasing tho quota of an unpro- fitable export surplus to Freetrade Eng- land, must bo regarded as a menace to the Australian dairying industry and a costly substituto for thc young Aus- tralian «bo baa been diverted from un early life upon the land aa the result of unsavoury conditions, largely attri- butable to the unorthodox method ot requiring thc Australian dairyman to do thc marketing job of tho Australian nation in accepting competition with the production of cheap labour countries in Freetrade England. I A voice : How is your motion going ? tu bolter them ? Mr. Byalt: By forcing those in power to give thc farmers a fair deal. Why should we bs treated like ,blackfcl IIOWK Y A voice : White blackfellows ! Mr. Hyatt stated that all these schemes which had been put before them were a step in the right way, but not enough. Tiley had boen passive, and il was about time that they woke Hp. . Mr. Hinds (Calliope) deplored politi- cal division amongst tile producers. T.hey should set out as aa industrial organisation of dairymen. With the iinian idea, before them they would succeed. Mr. Toppenberg (Mt. Morgani thought that lite rcfeience U> migration in thc motion could be eliminated, as their foremost, duty should be to those who wem in thc country. . Mr. Tyler (Alton Downs) also bpoke on tile migration question and stilted that they should not allow any mo.'c .immigrants to come in and be treated in the same way as Australians were being nt present." They were being nsw] as slaves, and they vere not making a decent living. There was a lot of talk about thc basic wage, but tho dairymen did not get anywhere near that. I Mr. R. L. M'Mullan (Industrial Coun- cil) stated that ho did not think there could he such evidence of misery as hud been put forth. Ho considered tout il was not the desire of consumers to J have cheap producís at the expense of jany section. Labour organisations found themselves iu thc same position years «go as thc farmers at present. Tho trouble was thc control of theil products was not in their own hands. They should drop their opinions and band together in the form of . tt.roug union, and they must have polities to i back it up. He' illustrated the progress ,of Labour unions, and stated that fhey I did not. intend to stop at tho basie [wage of ii As., which was a mere Ibagatelle. Tiley would like to see thc primary producers step Into line with j the unionists. They would not better their conditions by striving to be petty ?capitalist". ' I I Mr. M'llubcrl : Do you include your- ' : self in thut remark r I Mr. M'Mullan : Yes, because I «iu a | victim of the sybtcni like you. These pious resolutions to tho Government will get you nowhere. You must hav" i a kick behind you. AH lt ls at pr->F?n' you might just as well go out and milk I Strawberry, get your cream cheque from 1 NullaH's factory, and po down thc , street »nd pay off a bill due (o thu! storekeeper. (Applause.) j Thc motion was carried unanimously. I STANDARD OF UVIHG. * 1 I Mr. A. K. Haxrelt (Alton Dow») v moved-" Tiiat this meeting definitely, affirms for Ute ^formation of thu poo* , lie of Australia (bat dairymen and their j families, have for many years not been - enjoying au Australian etandard of living ; in fact, the publio am asked to accept an emphatic assurance that pre- sent production of butter and cheese is only maintained as a. conse- quence of thc enforced utilisation on j Australian dairy farms of women ami ! child labour, and apart from thia > lamentable feature, the whole situation lit economically unsound." i Tho mover stated thal fha first-rcso- ' » lulion would not get (hem anywhere H» characterised ahare farming as the great- est curas of Australia. No country in the world treated ita children on a dairy farm as badly a» they did in Allstes*», ','y Why was there all this hush hush policy about the dairying industry! fi the came state of affairs existed in other industries there would be soon out- ' bursts. He noticed where a kiddie said she did not have time to write to '"Th* Children's Corner " because three of them had to milk 42 cows a day and go to school in the meantime. He favoured ' tlie limitation of production for Austra- lian «on&umption.; Chasing foreign nur« kets wu the ruination of the indnsby. They wanted youth to look after thc in- \ tereala of the industry and net so much grey-headed wisdom. It was grey-headed wisdom that caused the war, and no benefit came of it. Mr. Newman seconded the motion^ which was carried. HABKETOTG SYSTEM. . Mr. H. Svendsen (Coowonga) mored the following motion i > " That in view of Qneensland's adan* lability to dairying and of this State being a party to the Commonwealth mi- gration agreement, this meeting notes with pleasure the announcement by the Queensland Minister for Agriculture, Mr. Forgan Smith, to the.effect that the , question of Commonwealth orderly mar- keting of dairy products on {he basis of equitable return to producers has been . placed on the agenda of the conference of Ministers for Agriculture of all States which will be sitting in Brisbane in J June next, and in this connection tba meeting urges-(1), that the Common- wealth Government be approached (a) i to declare the exportable surplus ol I dairy products a national asset, (b) U I provide thc necessary statutory niachi nery and finance to purchase same OB a basis of equitable return to producers by amendment of the Dairy Produce Ex- port Control Act of 1924; (2), that the I various SJatc governments be asked to co-operate with or without the Com.* mouweiltb Government in the formula* tiou of an interstate marketing, system I that will ensure an equitable return to , the dairymen of Australia for all dairy products consumed within the Common . wealth." He urged that one of the first essen- tials for the primary producer was to obtain public recognition of thc injustice that they were suffering under, and to obtain thal it would be necessary to con- terait tho continuous stream ol unjust, erroneous, and frequently dishonest cri- ticism to which their industry was sub jected, and he hoped that the O.P.A. i would tackle this job in a thorough maa irr instead of, ss nov, frequently join-1 lng hands with the critic;, lie in«t IIKiÎ n. ciao wlipre in Violons tod*.1 ¡1 pe, focliy fod COW Blight. Ile i-onsld'-iul not puyin . her owner is mueli a.- lo-j could carn aa a farm labourer miles, ahn was yielding at Ira.-.! Hi: «mi ii m butter fat a yea, Hi ir uieniii. t¡. H >!.. I cow must produce ,-¡0 Hi. m l.u 'er KII per year, :Í0 Hi. uv>ic tM.. 1; ie.. ., -.arel Danish cow. Mr. Ellis (Industrial O1110' slated thal he MUS also niiieb surprit'-1 at the state of affairs existing in thc dairying industry. There «115 li"* tility to the town worser because le bad better conditions, hut the to worker hud only gol thu! hy fîuliii"'. his cause. Thc pi.ry pro.r vas baiiïg i*xp]oitrtî by t'.> hunks- «rid l!,e middlemen, just tho same a* t'lc tout worker was lwing exploited by th. manufacturer. They hod all got iii ona common enemy. Ile was going ti- na antagonistic to any small fnnne whose only objective wai to becoui« ar exploiter of labour and of a capitalist. Ü..-Í, «?'-.ii i'i'iii.' :'o.iic¡ Iv- tin- h'.*lui- ai- li'.,- il|,ill,tl l l! voll.Ol - eil'l'.-liio -ntltivl it' linjii.-l i v- ,n, l li;,- ilail viunn Inn! nu ,.,,i. , I l-l. il.:, . Un- iinlii-diili I, lt ill,I. .I I. I Ii.-li ..I I-.-II,,. il,.-ll li,- \,".|1.| . ?:: \ I i11 .ll,.-.l.l. ¡I ll,] I lin ill'lUhl l i ll ii',: I.,- viii .Hill vin."' I ll.' Milli ll .1.1,: I ..,!!'.. I W..,|!'l "ll.'l. Il.-lt.-l- 111, I«-I nu.I-r j'.'-,. i,' .-.n.i.1 mi,-. 'l ilt' ,-ai|M-u 1(1 111 IV t'lHIl WHS potting; I >'.!<.,. ;., mn-n :if il., .lani lu.iii, ami tlio bittr u.i.-- " i'I'll-] i., ll,«' sail'.- ITV. ny.1 f.,r lu.--. nUmi. ii i,.., iu',1'- tinnily !',: nrgoil :!,?-,n I-, t<'lin iii«'ir in.iusi fin 1 uni-m ll,i..uah i -ii-11 I..1'. V:-. M i. M.-U-I.-CH i-i.iin,| tl,al. La lum' ?lau.".I h. Iv alli.- l.\ cullin),' ont \i.l5lc aili (itlit r impiou-mcnl.- to pay higher nap1.- .-uni permit i-hniler workiiiu liuuii- wiihoui laking amlliiiie. fruin iinyl..".!..- el.e; in.-u-ml nf I lint limy hail UKI ol v nil tni"-"il ihcir 'lemnlnln, alni lill lin: io! .ii tin- mr.ililni.il v tn liinl I III-! iiii'.ni.-- ami tin- mr.in hin'ileii lin-l lal li n .rn t;i i in« i^-. Mi. M-K..I'.-i i ri-Mi-i.i"l th.' ««jl-1-.iiij.-M ] l-l 1(10 <.li.:llii.»:i1 Kill nuil cnnipillll'-ll'* (1 I the local i om- ll .ni :1T- g-- .il work .h.n ii v iii- il-ing. 1 lune was nu ilniihl ; lim ii ll"- Imui.-is wiin1"d Li iuiprn.i J Ilieir on-litio:is lin- would liav.' lo pn j . III. Mini lin il I llr-lllfnlvrr. He admired j li p lin.li'll. n-l<ii p.-ii.'.v of tm- In.-.il , I,'..un.-iI in im tiing uiemlieis of tim In .hn-iuai l -iuii- il to speak at thc liici'l ? ? inp. ll.- i-i»ii:ulcroii thal, ihe Ijo.oin-: incut should l.-c liri.ndiniii.lcd cimlich » ? » j -tiihilise i lie market inp nf ihe ju-ndu.-t ' ? i-f lite ruriil population that. it. vii.6,' .mirnee.! t.. cstahlish. ! Mr. Hin.If slated (.hal. thc inleiesls of I lie farmer, and industrialist Here ideatienl. and liiere WUP plenty of ronni fur co-operation between them. Tltr-1 day was eoniing v.-hen thc farmer nu.I ( Hie Association'would have tn nm:ilpi-, "lille t" tight the eninlllnli enemy. Would (ho Chnirninn he prepared to accept a motion Hint from to-ilay they . 1 adopt ii dairying indii-t.rinl union. He ! contended that it was the middleman who wu« preventing diem from reiieliing ; (heir gnni. Why didn't they s.iy lo the j politician* flt the List I'edenil elco , lion, "tJicc ii« Ktaliilisation or out nm] go, and you would have got. staliilisn-' lion 1" The time had come when ' (¡lev should lirinj- thc politician* lo heel, ami if (hey did LO! amalgamate willi these lad* (nicanin? (he iuduslrinlisliO li then ilr.n't let (li ir meet nenin. Ile j un- also ii. finonr of one Felling floor. |. Mr. M'lti'lierl. in reply, appreciated < (lie suchest inn for one Belling tlonr. Mr. Nolan (lndin.lrial Council), in enlarging on (he remarks of Mr. ICIlis, I . stated that ninny of them would go away disappointed that day-they could not. do anything that day-but they , could po home an.I fake a live in- terest in the 1..P.AV, (he same as (he unionists on thc joli. He urged them to study social problem«, the same as unioriisis, in order to ntloin ft corn- , mon meal. He added, "The time lins arrived (o ray "If you don't pire us what we want for it, yo» will nut get it." (Applause.) Mr. .1. Cummings (Machins Creek) sunnorli-d the mol ion. Thc ninii.in was carried. JUDICIAL INQUIRY. Mr. F. Morris (Alton Downs) moved -"That in token of the soundness of this meeting's view on the whole dairy- ing question, nnd in evidence of good faith, the meeting resolves to esk thc Queensland Mixed Farming Industries Advisory Board to approach the Hoard of Trade and Arbitration for a judicial inquiry into thc cost of* production of butter «nd cheese." Mr. Tyler seconded the motion, whirh was carried, the President stating that the motion was treading on rather (bin icc. THE ONION QUESTION. Mr. Newman was of the opinion that they should form thc nucleus of a union and gu the assurance of the In- dustrial Council delegates that Hwy would help. Mr. Nolan, on behalf of Hie Cour.iil, stated that if any secretary of the I/ocal Producers' Associations wauled any information it would be rcadily supplied. Slr. Svendsen : We are bound to bc non-political bv Act or Parliament. Mr. Ellis : Wc are non-political. VOTES OF THANES. The President moved a hearty volt of appreciation to the delegates of the Industrial Council, which was acknow- ledged by Mr. Ellis. A vote of thanks to Messrs. McGregor and M'Tiobort and delegates of the In- dustrial Council was proirascd by the Chairman and carried. 