Sleeping Sickness ; ' -I _ - Is It Prevalent in Australia? Traveller's Indictment 1 Interesting comparisons between Australia nud otber countries were made, b.v Air. A. AA". Alonds, who re turned by R.AI.S. AInlojn, after a trip round tlie world witii ids wife anil daughter (says tlio Atelboiirno "Age"). Air.' Alonds, who is. a loading flour .miller in Tasmania, is a member of the City Council of Lauricostqn, and an ex-mayor, and he. is a keen sUulcnl of civic anil .economic matters. Emphasising Australia's isokitinu from tlio old world, Air. Aforids said that was a great factor, too often over looked in immigration. People wore not willing to take a chance of travelling So far afield when, there were oilier in ducements nearer England. " .For in-, stance, it - was possible for a migrant to go from Groat Britain to Canada for the sum of 13, and to the western provinces of the Dominion for f 6. it was not much money to risk, and it ivus not far- to return if things did not turn out successfully.. People coming to Aiislraiia l'clt that they were burn ing their boats beliind-theui. and many parents wore lotli to let their sous come here, while they had small objec tion -Hi allowing them to go to Canada. 'U'liile' this prejudice existed, immigra tion would always lie dillleuU. . "There is too riuicli" dependence on. tlie Government. in Australia," said Mr. Morids. "Ill America, -both in tho States and 'in Canada, the people are willing to do things for themselves, 'without always relying on' Government "aid. Here we help with thousands of pounds of public money the meat in dustry, the fruit "industry, the sugar industry— -in fact, nearly every concern that wishes- to do some exporting clamours, for. a bounty- - Yet I found 'that' Australian meat and dried fruits were actually cheaper in London than "they are here. It is the same with other tilings. ' AA'hen the Canadian- Pacific railway was started the com pany was given great concessions of land, and to-day it is settling that land witii Immigrants. I was at a big show iri brie-' of-. tlie Canadian' towns, and there -was. a huge .marquee tent erected bv tlie : Canadian-Pacific ra.il- 'wnv, in whiclv were displayed all tlie best'- examples ' o£_ tlie. produce, of the -l.-irid "wlrtcU -they were settling. Alcn wofe-there selling, land . for ;the com- "'patfyVq'nd 'altogether- there was- a spirit " of 'enterprise that- one -so much misses 'lri': Austi-aii:i'; xTh'at same ' spirit was :m'lSSed 'at the 'different. Australian ports ave.calied. at. At _every; overseas port, tliero iveye numerous vendors, of all 'kinds of ' wares on tlio wharves placing tlieir goods at our service, and anxious to. do business. AA'hat a contrast in -Australia.! At- Freniantle a. few. taxi drivers leisurely "offered .to drive us .to Perth and. back for £3, and did not seem to care a tinker's curse wliethci we went or riot. In any overseas port we would have been surrounded with people offering .every.. Imaginable kind of service. The Australian -either lias too much money,, or. he is too lazy to bother about making nny." - . After disembarking,/- Air.' Alonds went to the post office to send -a telegram -to Launcestoii. To his astonishment' he was informed that as yesterday was a. 'public ihqlidhy in Launceston, it was no use sending a telegram, as it would not . be delivered there. "In America, where .the telegram business is-run'by. private conipariies, . he' said.- "everything -possible Is done Tor the public. For instance, I was in- Caiifornia last. Easter, .ancl at the. be ginning of the' holidays". special tele-; .gram- forms, for the sending of Easter' greetings, were placed in our rooms by the Union . Pacific Co., and we. were ;allowed special rates Tor the holiday ! wires. Again, what a;contrast! - At. all the' big hotels there the .telegraph companies have established offices, and; the coiiv.enieiicc .is .iargelj.n vailed of. Alany people';; send, t'eiegrariis'- where they would lit, Australia,' for wai.t of better facilities, be '.cotri.pelled'/to send -letters."':; , : - . : Air. Alonds travelled extensively on the Continent, '.and was particularly impressed with the efficiency, of the Danish people in their' organisation of the -.dairying industry. Seventy-five per cent of the butter produced is sent .to Britain. .A'ery strict attention is paid to- the standard of the stock. No one is allowed to sell cows without, a Gov ernment permit to do so. Intensive cul ture is gone in for, riiost of the holdings being less than 200 acres in extent, while ensilage is so largely used that in tlie winter the output of butter ic actually -slightly in- excess of the summer output. 