PRIMARY PRODUCERS. FRANK DISCUSSION. At Rockhampton Conference. IMPORTANT DECISIONS. A mass meeting of primary producers was bold in the School of \rtB, Bock' hampton, on Thursday morniug to discuss various phases of the dairying and agricultural Industries, and to try and formulate schemes for 'bettering the welfare of th,e producer, both, in regard to the means of production and marketing. There were about GO ladies and gentlemen present. The meeting •was convened by the Central Queensland District Council of Agriculture. Mr. G. E. Maedonald (President of the Council), who presided, delivered a comprehensive address.- Members of the jRoekhamptoii Industrial Council were also present. The Director of the Queensland Council of Agriculture, Mr. L. B. Macgregor, detailed the objects of the agricultural organisation scheme, which was brought into being to organise tho primary producers and better their^ general conditions. He also by means of a graph, outlined the various prices that obtained on the local' and overseas markets for butter, prices which he asked not to be published; He stated that he had shown by the figures that one-third of production was sold on the local market; .and two-thirds overseas. The latter market "was the lesser remunerative, and oveii with the Paterson bonus scheme that was brought in recently returned to the supplier 1 /2k whereas the cost of production was somewhere in the region of 1/7.; Speaking on migration, he contended that a system that was based on agricultural development was economically unsound, and the only plan suitable" was a balanced system of migration, it was proposed to appoint a Migration Commissioners' Board to take stock of the whole industrial and agricultural resources of fie Commonwealth and evolve a balanced system of migration, and stimulate those respective industries. Whenthey went to the Commonwealth Government for assistance for the dairyman they would be told to place their industry on an efficient basis, 'and lie (Mr. Macgregor) .suggested the following programme:—(1) "Herd improvement; (2) fodder conservation scliemc; -(Z) a definite arrangement with'the Australian consumer to pay a price' that would return to the supplier a 'margin of profit above the "fco6t of production; (4) a balanced system of migration that would not prejudice the people already here, and those to come; (5) monetary recognition for the Australian producer in producing a high standard of article to cover him for such loss "in producing that quality compared with other countries.' Mr. E. Taylor (Wowan) wdnted to £aow what Mr. Macgregor. had done since he spoke to them in June last at Wowan. He considered that the producer was worse off. Mr. Macgregor was getting £1000 a year and.had no cause to grumble, and he (the speaker) web not grumbling atithat cither, for if Mr. Macgregor did not get it, somebody else would- .Tlieyall wanted to live, but three, of his neighbours were leaving their farms on account of the bard existence. He added: " We. cannot .live on air; wc are not fishes." Mr. Macgregor replied that as the result of: the work of the organisation . £200,000. had been returned to the dairymen since. June last. If.th^y had i»ot been organised they would not have .got .that.. A Voice: We have not got it. Mr. Macgregor: It was divided amongst 20.000.. You have "to Consider the magnitude of the probleins, and it . only cost you 13/4 to get that -tenner. In the last two- years, as the' result of the organisation, about £500,000 was divided amongst 30,000 primary producers. Mr. . Taylor was of the opinion that there were too many butter factories. He was seriously considering going back to Argentine, whehc he had been 18, years. The standard of living was as good there as in Australia. He was asked why conditions were so good over there, and he replied, "In the Argentine Parliament, they had men were statesmen." (Laughter) With little ceremony the speaker concluded, "Thanks for hearing m«; I'm off." And he went- t (Woodbury) suggested that Mr. Macgregor should go amongst the fanners more and explain affairs* it would do away with a lot of mis'- uuderstanding. Mr. J. w. Byatt (Gracemere) moved:—"That this meeting of Central Queensland dairymen and women whilst agreeing that certain prospective benefits of a national character as distinct from individual, are possible of advancement by sound administration of the Commonwealth- Imperial migration agreement, is uncompromisingly of the opinion that— (a) A Commonwealth orderly marketing system of dairy products on the basis of an equitable return 'to producers for the joint effect of their labour and capita! must be inaugurated as a fundamental to the encouragement to the British rural migrant whose mission will be to increase an existing exportable surplus which does not "give a profitable return to producers. (b) The dairying industry is the most sweated industry iu Australia to-day and, therefore, the time has arrived for an insistent demand that provision be iuimeditely enacted for the emancipation of dairymen and their families from this stigma in (a) above By a Commonwealth orderly marketing system of dairy products, upon a basis of equitab'.e return to producers, as a prelude to the encouragement of the British rural migrant, who, in the absence of an orderly marketing system, and, by increasing the quota of an unprofitable export surplus to Freetrade England. must be regarded as a menace to the Australian dairying industry an.l a costly substitute for the voting Australian AiKtrs*linn who i v has , been diverted from an oarly life upon the land as the result of unsavoury conditions, largely attributable to the unorthodox methpd of requiring the Australian dairyman to do the marketing job of the Australian nation in accepting competition with the produc tion-of cheap labour Freetrade England. countries in j A voice: IIow is your motion joing to better them? Mr. Byatt: By forcing those in power to give the farmers a fair deal. Why should we be treated like blackfellows? A voice: While blackfellows! Mr. Byatt stated that all these schemes which had been put before them were a step in the right way, but not enough. They had been passive, and it was about time that they woke up. Mr. Ilinds (Calliope) deplored political -Jivi.sion amongst the producers. They should sot out. as an industrial organisation of dairymen. With the union idea before them they would suceccd. Mr. Topponl^rg ("It. Morgau) thought that the reference to migration in the niniion rould be iliminatp<1, t*i<->ir f'>rvmn=r. duty should be to thoFo wiio v.'vr'- in iho country. Mr. Tyler (Alton Downs) also ppoki; on tho migration question and stated that they should not a'.Iow any more immigrants to come in and he treated in the same way as Australians were being at present. They were being used.a? 6laves, and they were not making a decent Hying. There was a lot of talk about, the basic wage, bur the dairymen did not get anywhere near that. Mr. R. L . M'Mil'.an (Industrial Council) stated .that he did not think there could Oc such evidence of misery as had been put forth.' tie considered that it was not the desire of consumers to have cheap products at the expense of any section. Labour organisations found themselves in the same position years ago as the farmery at" present. The trouble wat the control of thetr products - was not In their own bands. They should drop their opinions and band together in tbe form of a strong union, and they must have politics to back it up. He illustrated the progress of Labour unions, and stated that they did not intend to stop at the basic 'wage of £ 4/5/, which, was a mere bagatelle. They \frould like to see the primary producers step into line with the unionists. They wou'.d not better their conditions by striving to be petty, capitalists. Mr. M'Robert: Do you include yourself in that remark? Mr. M'Mullan: Yes, because I am a victim of Uie system like you. These pious resolutions to the Government will get you nowhere. You must have a kick behind you. As it is at present you ;might just as well go out and milk Strawberry, get your cream cheque from Nuttall's factory, arid.' go down the street and pay off a bill) due.to the storekeeper. (Applause.) The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. A. R. Harrett (Alton Downs) moved,'"That this meeting definitely, affirms for the information of the. public of Australia, that dairymen and. their families have for, many years not^een enjoying an Austra-; lian standard of living; in fact, tne public are asked to accept an emphatic assurance that present production of butter and cheese is only maintained as a consequence of tbe enforced utilisation on Australian dairy farms of women and child labour, and apart from this lamentable feature, the whole situation is economically unsound." The mover stated that the first resolution would not get them anywhere! He characterised share farm J ing as greatest curse of Australia. No country in the world treated its children on a dairy farm as badly as they did in Australia. !Why was there all this hush hush policy about the dairying industry? If the same state of affairs existed in other industries there would, be soon outbursts. He noticed where a, , kiddie said she did not have time to, write to "The.Children's Corner" because three of them had-to milk 42 cowsa day and go to school In the meantime. He favoured the limitation of production for Australian consumption. Chasing foreign markets was the ruination . of the . industry. They wanted youth to look after the inter ests of the industry and not eo much grey-headed wisdom. It -was. greyheaded wisdom that caused the war, and no benefit came of it. Mr. Newman seconded' the motion, which was carried. Mr. H. Svendsen (Coowonga) moved the following motion: "That in view of Queensland's adaptability to dairying and of-this State being a party to the Commonwealth migration agreement,; i this meeting: notes with pleasure the •announcement by the Queensland -Minister for Agriculture, Mr. ForgAn Smith, to the -effect .that the question of Commonwealth orderly marketing of dairy products on the basis of equitable return to producers has b£en placed on- the agenda of the con ference of Ministers for Agriculture of all States which will be sitting in Brisbane -in June next, and in this connection the meeting urges—(1). that the Commonwealth Government be approached (a) to declare the exportable surplus of dairy products a national asset; (b) to provide the nfecfessary statutory machinery and finance to purchase same on a basis of equitable return to producers by amendment of the Dairy Produce Export Control Act of 1924; (2), that the various State Governments be asked to co-operate with or (without the Commonwealth Government in the formulation of an interstate marketing system that will ensure an equitable return to the dairymen of Australia for all dairy products consumed within the Commonwealth." He urged that one of the first essentials for the primary producer was to obtain public recognition of the injustice that they were suffering under, and to obtain that it would be necessary to counteract the continuous stream of unjust, erroneous, and frequently dishonest criticism to which their industry was subjected, and he hoped that the Q.P.A would tackle this job in a thorough manner instead of, as now, frequently joining hands with the critics. He instanced a case where in Victoria to-day a perfectly fed cow might be considered as not paying her owner as much as he could earn as a farm labourer unless she was yielding at least £ 16 worth of butter fat a year This meant that the cow must produce 280 lb. of butter fat per year. 30 lb. more than the average Danish cow. Mr. Ellis (Industrial Council) stated that he was also much surprised at the state of affairs existing in the dairying industry. There was hostility to the town worker because he liad better conditions, but the town" worker had only got that by fighting his cause. The primary producer was being exploited by the banks and the middlemen, just the same as the town worker was being exploited by the manufacturer. They bad all got the one common enemy. He was going to be antagonistic to any small farmer whose only objective was to become an exploiter of labour and of a capitalist. Their objective should be the same as the industrial worker—effective control of industry—and the dairymen had an t^Vjf'tE!?? "h- in ff ustr *f isl - « tbat was their objective then he would say, "Go ahead, and tiie indus- 'rb-1 worker will be with you." The small dairy farmer would not better his l<it uncier present conditions. The :arpeu1er in the town was jolting tv :<>o as much as the dairyman, and the latter was entitled to the same reward for his labour, if not more, Finally be urged them to form their industrial union through th'dr L.P.A.'s. Mr. S vend sen stated that Labour claimed to be able by curling out waste and other improvements to pay higher wages and permit shorter working hours without taking anything from anybody else; instoad of that they had merely enforced their demands, and left tbe rest of tho community to find the means—and the main burden had fallen on farmers. Mr. M'Robert reviewed the workings of the organisation and coinpli- mented the local Council on the good wori: tfikt It was doing. There was no doubt that if the farmers wanted to Improve their conditions they would have to go but and do it themselves. He admired the broajlminded policy of the local Counail in inviting members of the Industrial Council to speak at the meeting. He considered that the Government should be broadminded enough to stabilise tbe marketing of the products, of the rural population that it was proposed to establish. Mr. Hinds stated that the interests of the farmer, and industrialist were identical, and there was plenty of room for corop6ration between them. The day was coming when the farmer and tbe Aafeddation would have to amalgamate to fight the common enemy. Would the Chairman be prepared to accept a motion that from to-day they adopt a dairying industrial union. He contended that it was the middleman who Was preventing: them from reaching their goal. Why didn't they say to the politicians at the last Federal election, "Give us stabilisation or out you go," and you would have got stabilisation. The time had' come when they should bring the politicians to heel, and if they did not amalgamate with these lads (meaning the industrialists) then don't let them meet again. He was also in favour of one selling floor. Mr. M'Robert, in reply, appreciat ed the suggestion for one selling floor. Mr. Nolan (Industrial Council), in enlarging on the remarks of Mr. Ellis, Btated that many of them would go away disappointed that day—but they could not do /anything that day, but they could go home and take a live interest in the LP^'s, the same as the unionists on the Job. . He urged them to study social problems, the same as unionists. In "order to attain a common mfeaL He' added, "The time has arrived to say "If you don't give us what we want for it, you will not get it." ^Applause.) Mr. J. iS Cummings (Machine Creek) suppSj-jted-'the motion. The motion wa£ carried. 