MARCH Xlth, 1926. The president (Mr. E. A. Painter) occupied the chair, and when roll was called 145 delegates answered to their names. The minutes of the previous meeting were read, and confirmed on the motion of Delegates Darcy and Mount. _ Credentials were received from Food Preserving Employees* Union, appointing I. Levy, in lieu of A. Delahunty; Shop Assistants' Union, appointing A. J. Russell in lieu of J. O'Shea; Manufacturing Grocers' Union, re-appointine F. J. Riley and D. Slattery. Delegates Ryan and Darcy moved, "That the credentials be received and delegates admitted." Carried. The President extended a welcome to Alderman Buckley, of Sydney, who is also an organiser of the Hairdressers' Union. Alderman Buckley suitably responded. Executive Report. Clause 1.—Re Builders' Laborers and A.W.U. referred to Executive at the last meeting of the Council. The Executive called both Unions into conference with them, the following being present: Messrs. P. J. Smith, R. Loughnan, and M. Mooney, representing the Builders' Laborers, and Messrs. \V. B. Dale. J. McNeill, B. Robert son, H. Courtney, and F. Richardson, representing the A.W.U. After a long and detailed discussion upon the whole of the matters men* tioned at the Council's last meeting, i.e. (1), the persistent and extremely unfair manner in which the Government, through the Factories Office, held up and finally refused, after a year's delay, to extend the powers of the Builders' Laborers' Wages Board; (2) the truth or otherwise of the allegations that officers of the A.W.U. had allied themselves with the em ployers to prevent the Builders' Laborers' Union from enforcing their claim for higher wages and conditions for their members; and (3) the question of who was responsible for the letter read by Mr. Smith, advising contractors to dismiss members of the Builders' Laborers' Union, and employ members of a lower paid Union. With reference to No. 1, the Executive recommend that the Minister for Labor be asked to receive a deputation, representing the Executive, Builders* Laborers' Union, Australian Workers' Union, and that Mr. G. M. Prender gast, M.L.A., ask the Minister to carry out the original promise to extend the powers of the Wages Board, failing which the Builders' Laborers will be justified in resorting to direct action. With reference to No. 2, re charge of collusion with employers, your Executive are of opinion that, upon the evidence submitted to them there is clearly no justification for th<? allegations of collusion between the employers and officials of the A.W.U. to defeat the claims of the Builders' Laborers' Union, as outlined by Mr. P. J. Smith at last Council meeting. In relation to No. 3, re letter from contractor to manager of works, your Executive considers the letter so serious from the point of view of all Unions and the Council generally, that we should write to the president of the Chamber of Manufacturers, enclosing a" copy of the letter with a request that the offices of the Chamber meet the representatives of this Council to discuss the contents of the letter. Clause 2.—»o submit report of Eight Hours Committee. Clause 3.—To recommend that the following resolution be carried:—"That this Council, whilst fully appreciating the motives actuating Delegate Kieley in moving the resolution in connection with the textile industry, considers that it is not the function of this Trades Hall Council, representing purely working class interests, to enter into any question which affects the rights or privileges of one set of capitalists as against another, whether such be of an international or national character, and. therefore, resolves that the motion carried on the 25th February be rescinded." Delegates Murphy and Shineberg moved, "That the report be received." Carried. Delegates Holloway and Sear moved the adoption of Clause 1 (a). Carried. Delegates Myers and Holloway moved the adoption of Clause X (b). Delegate P. J. Smith opposed the second clause of the Erecutive's report. He contended that the A.W.U. had committed an offence from the trade union point of view in briefing counsel to appear in the Arbitrati^ Court against the Buildlers* Laborers' Union. He claimed that the A.W.U. had sought to cover the builders' laborers in New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. Delegate H. C. Gibson (Engine Drivers' and Firemen's Association) said that the recommendation was unanimous. He also stated that the chief allegation was that two organisers and a legal representative were in the court. The legal representative intervened in the case generally on the question as to whether an award should be made. Miss Francis opposed the Executive's report. She contended that the union which provided a lower rate for its members than another union should be prepared to grant clearances to its members in order to allow them to become members of the union providing the higher rate of pay. Delegates Bryan and Long moved, "That Delegate Dale be heard." Carried. Delegate Dale (A.W.U.) said he thought the Executive would come to a decision irrespective of whether it was a small or large organisation. The motion for the adoption of Clause 1 (b) of the Executive's report was put and carried. Welcome to Mr. J. Turner. The president welcomed Mr. J. Turner, an ex-secretary of the Shop Assistants', Warehouse Employees', and Clerks' Union of Great Britain. Mr. Turner said that he <bmred. on behalf of the General Council of tflfe British Trade Union Congress, to convey thffSlrateraal greetings of that body to the Australian Labor Movement. It was, he added, a great feat that during the period of bad commerce in Great Britain. million unionists had remained affiliated with the Trade Union Congress. During the controversy in connection with the mining subsidy, the Trade Union Movement had remained Rolid, and the Executive of all the unions affiliated with the Trade Union Conference decided to support the miners in' their stand against any reduction of wages. As a result, the Prime Minister of Great Britain had met the miners, at least for the time being, in their claims. Mr. Turner said that in Japan he had met the leaders of the Trade Union Movement, and he found that there nvere now aboutV 750.000 trade unionists in Japan. The cotton trade in England had a big impetus after the war. The factories had been sold and sold •again, with the result that they had been overcapitalised,' and a slump had been brought about. The last Trade Union Congress had decided upon sending delegations to such places as Egypt and other countries. The East was in a ferment at the present time, and people were looking to other countries to set the standard for them. The president conveyed the thanks of the Council to Mr. Turner for his address, and asked him to convey to comrades in England our fraternal greetings and best wishes for the progress of the Labor Movement. Executive Report. Delegates Holloway and P ,T. Smith moved the adoption of Clause 1 (c). Carried. Bush Fire Belief. Delegate Duggan explained the various stages of the negotiations with the Timber Workers* Union for information, and detailed the decisions of the Lord Mayor's Committee on various matters submitted. Executive Report.—Recommended that the following resolutions be carried:— (1) That, in the opinion of the delegates of the Melbourne Trades Hall Council, the widows and other dependents of those who lost their lives in the recent bush fires should receive firat consideration in the matter of financial compensation before claims are considered for compensation to property. (2) That the principle of placing life before property or giving preference to those who have lost their bread-winners will not be carried out in the manner indicated by the generosity of the public unlesB they each receive an aggregate amount of compensation at least equal to the maximum amount provided for under the Workers* Compensation Act. (3) To make possible the foregoing, and also that all those who have lost relatives or property can be justly and adequately compensated in the planner we feel sure the public desire we again claim that the Government should assist the efforts of the Relief Committee by oo operating at least to the extent of pound for pound subscribed. .Relegate W- Duggan (vice-president) said that until such time as they knew whether the tiovernment was going to supplement the Lord Mayor a Fund, the committee could not pay out any money because the amount in hand would not meet the claims in full, and it was a matter ns to whether the claims would have to be met pro- rata. Delegate Duggan said it was reported at the last meeting of the Central Committee that a »representative .of the timber workers was acting on the committee at Yarra Junction, and their recommendation had been sent to other centres that the representation of the timber workers should he extended to their 1 "•ommittees. Delegates Howard and Gaye moved the reception of the Executive's recommendations. Delegates Cremean and Bennett moved the ct?Hed D Executive's recommendations Eight Hoars Officer. Ro • l J er ts°n and Courtney moved That the resolution carried at a previoui meeting of the Council affirming Mr Bull's «« KhnW' "n secret » r y. to Eifht' Hours and Labor Day Demonstration be rescinded " Delegates Richards and Long moved "That we proceed with the next business." Carried Eight Hoars Oommittee Report r^rrV"/ rep S. n submitted on behalf 11 of the Eight Hours Committee:— lour committee desires to report that since low'ini " h " Events at the Exhibition— 1\. Union and Special Events.—Trades TT„t Handicap Footrace, 75 yards, £10- Union Bicycle Race, 1 mile, £10; Firemt^ Ladder Race (country), £20; MetronnNt.- P Un Firemen's Athletic Display, with band 2\. Amateur Events.—Life Savin? rink Belt and Reel Race, £4/4/-; Harries l £10; Amateur 1 Mile Wheel Race, £12 ^^ 3\. Professional Events.—Sheffield Hand in. ^ 100 yards. £40; Sheffield Handicap, 220 yard £20; Banner and Schuitc, special events «20 4\. Special Children's Events. — Primir» School Group: The events in this section confined to children attending primary schonU (a) Schoolboys' Championship Scratch Footraw 85 yards (open to boys whose age does nS exceed 14). 1st prize, gold medal; 2nd JoM medal; 3rd, gold medal. School nominating winner retain "Pals" Shield, valued £->5 12 months, (b) Schoolgirls' Champion Scratdh Footrace, 75 yards (open to girla whose am does not exceed 15). 1st prifce, £3/3/.- o„V £2/2/-; 3rd, £1/1/. School nominating will receive trophy valued £7/7/-. The uriiM in these events are donated by "Herald «na Weekly Times Ltd." (c) Physical ExercisS- Teams of not less than 12 nftr more than 16* Swedish or Danish, for the development of bodily health, without mnsic (any exercise)* 5 minutes, exclusive of marching on and off* girls under 12. , 1st prise, £6; 2nd, £2 (di Physical Exercises: Same conditions as No M for girls 12 to 14 (e) Physical Exercises' Same conditions as No. (c), for boys under 12 (f) Physical Exercises: Same conditions as No' (c). for boys 12 to 14. 5\. Open Group.—The events in this sectioa are open to any school, class, or club* (a) Rod Exercises: Teams of not less than 8 » , 1 „ iwni CI not less than 8 nor more than 12, under 12 years of age; piano supplied.. 1st prize £6- 2nd, £2. (c) Folk Dance: Teams of not leu than 8 nor more than 12, over 12 vears of an 1st pries. £6; 2nd, £2. (d) Children's Ballet-' Teams of not less than 8 nor more than 16- any stepB, under 12. 1st prise, £6; 2nd, £2* (e) Children's Ballet: Teams of not less tbaa 8 nor more than 16; any steps. 1st pri«e £6- 2nd. £2. ' ' Entry in all events fr£e. 6\. Physical Culture and Eurythmics.—Best display for women, £10. General Decisions re Demonstration. 1\. That tickets be issued as last year at ssme price. evening, children half-prioe. Grand stand. €d. extra. 2\. Admission charges to be 1/-, afternoon or 8\. Tickets to be sold through unions; seller* allowed 10 per cent, commission. Tickets to be returned April 22nd. No tickets to be sold TO day of demonstration. Two turnBtiles. 4\. Doorkeepers to be engaged through Theatrical Employees' Association. Volunteers to he sought from Council for services on arena on the day of celebration. 5\. That donations be accepted from Moonee Valley Racing Club and "Herald.*' Your committee desires to report that it has come to the following decisions in regard to the procession:— "Hade In Australia Display." That an endeavor be made to get Group Industry . • displays, but, wui, failing iniiuig that, IURI, no UU VUJCCIIUU objection IS offered to legitimate advertising in connection with the "Made in Australia" display. Chamber of Manufacturers has been asked primarily to put on display of Australian-made goods without any advertising. Group meetings are en^eavor dfspla unions to put on 2\. "Fhat It be a direction to unions to elimi- "te the three 8'«. and insert 44 hours. 3\. That the unions be circularised to raise a fund to put on tableaux, on such aspects as Unemployment. 44 Hoars, Crimes Bill. Childhood Endowment, etc. 4\. That the Musicians'. Band be engaged for the afternoon, and the Trades Hall Band for tpe evening. 5\. That the St. Augustine's Band be invited to take part in the procession. 6 1 Dri , rers of lorries must be drivers normally employed bb such, and members of their respective nnwnB. . "[; T hat a Procession Committee of three, consisting of Delegates Crofts, Hsyes, and Darcj nas been appointed. Delegates Myers and Dolg moved the adopof the report. Carried. Council then adjourned. « — , "Commonsense": H. S. Gullett still pleads for an effective immigration policy, but at the same time admits that, to encourage immigration while there la even a small amount of unemployment, would merely antagonise Australians. He therefore urges "some concrete plan" to deal with unemployment" It should be picked up as it develops." If Gullett would kindly inform the public what hfe idea of a "concrete plan" Is, it would be more useful than reiterating his howl for immigration. * • * • "Australian".: Judging by the rate at which the youth of Australia, are progressing, we shall soon be more Yankee than Australian. Nine out of ten youths in Melbourne streets, speak' with a pronounced nasal twang, and when two or three gather together, and lift up their voices In song, the notes are all given through the nose, and the subject matter is either "Carolina," or "Down South," or nigger reminiscences of old log cablnB. It is high time some one took the matter in hand, and started a crusade to make youths realise that they are Australians, and that Australia is the finest and beft country in God's green earth, and worth a million Swanee Rivers or Carolinas or Honolulus, and that there are plenty of real good Australian songs. It is to be hoped that American fleets won't visit us for another few years. 