THE TARIFF. MR. R. COOK'S VIEWS. The recently presented turill' his created considerable debate in llw -vvf. I^jjpresewtatives; and Mr, Itobt. Cook, M;P. (Indi) expressed liis views as 'follows:— "Let me say at once that I stand definitely for the granting of bounties in lieu of the imposition of duties on the farmers' tools of trade. That is u plank of the Country party's platform; I fought my election on thai platform, and was returned with mi overwhelming majority. Therefore,. I am entitled to claim that my electors have endorsed the bounties proposal. The primary industries are the most important in Australia, and were responsible for yo per cent, of the country's total exports last year. As our exports pay for our purchases abroad and the, interest on foreigu loans, and also bring fresh credits to the Commonwealth, ilhef primary industries* are helping every man, woman and child in the community. If bounties aiv a justifiable means of encouraging the local manufacture ()f wire netting, which is already a fairly well established industry, they are surely equally applicable to tin; implements of primary production. At a meeting of the Federal Country parly last Meek the following motion was carried unanimously:—'That in the opinion of the Australian Country parly, the prosperity of Australia depends on the proper fostering of its primary industries and the economic development of its secondary industries. Jt is of vital moment to the Commonwealth development, and especially to the true progress of the country side, that the location of our secondary industries should be determined from the points of. view of as- sembling raw materials close to their source, ami of most advantageously distributing the finished article. The Australian Country party urges the fullest independent, inquiry to determine what constitutes the natural and essential industries of the Commonwealth, aud the order in winch such industries should be developed.' The Government should arrange for an independent and impartial inquiry into the great problem o'C rural development. This is the greatest of all industries, aud we should <>n»ourage it Jo the fullest extent. I claim t<« have had a life lime's experience in primary industries, and 1 say without fear of c-oiHradhiion that the h>t of ;lu- pnnnirj producer gmeral-V" very different from that described b> certain honorable members of the Opposition. f. have travelled as' juuch as. if not more than, most honorable members, and .1 believe that before the winter is over there will be a la - mentable devastation of our pastoral areas owing to drought. The mining industry is in a similar position. The value of Ihe gold output in. .11)15 was aj(proximately £8,270,000, and in 101-1 13.144,000. For 1925 the approximate estimate was £2,500,000. 1 claim that we should apply a bounty and not a duty to the manufacture of the tools of trade in the mining industry. The cost of machinery is considerable, and while the amount of duty paid by one mine is inlinitesiniul, the tax, taken as a whole, is an enormous drain upon .the mining industry. It is well known that the mining industry led to the opening up and develop* jnent of Australia. I have had some experience in mining, having worked in mines and invested money in them, and I have been advised by mining experts that there are in Australia valuable deposits of gold and precious .metal's still awaiting development. Every encouragement should be given to that industry and also to the pastoral aiid agricultural industries. Concerning the duty on farming implements, the Minister, in reply to the honorable member for Gippsland last Friday, made a statement that I think hardly conveyed the facts He referred to the duty as representing something like 2/ a week, to the fanner. I recently settled one of my sous on the land, and the machinery that he required cost £1,020. The banks are charging up to per cent, interest on that money. The duty on a farmer's implements. amounts to at least £100, and 7% per cent, on that sum represents'a great deal more than the ilgure given by the Minister. Besides, his £100 is lying idle. 1 admit that there are u number of prosperous farmers, but lliey tire in the vast minority. If tlie farmers were restricted to working 44 hours a week, and had to pay union rates aud observe factory conditions, few indeed would make ends meet. "With the exception of wool, no primary industry could exist' under conditions etojoyed by {secondary Industries^ Willie I .am not he're to condemn the tariff or to interfere unduly with the fiscal policy. 1 do claim that the primary industries should receive some relief. The farmers luive not the slightest chance of passing on the increased cost. oJ: production. We should not only encourage those who are already settled on the land, but also to give heart to intending settlers. The British Government has entered into an agreement with the Commonwealth 1.o provide £54,000,000 for immigration purposes. Several States have signed this agreement, and we are hopeful that Ihe others will fall into line. Without assistance, any ' settlement scheme will be a huge failure. Nearly .every block that was purchased for soldier settlement in the . shire that I represent, if put up for auction to-moiirow, would bring £1 or £2 per acre more than was paid for it That applies generally throughout Australia, although I admit there are exceptions. What is hampering .the soldier settler is the repayment of the money advanced for his land and implements, totalling from £2.000 "to £8000. The interest «ui this money lias to be met before any profit is made. 1 know something of farming, and 1 candidly admit thai T could not make a success on a holding under such conditions. The settlement of returned soldiers has, up to date, shown a loss of £20,000,000. The • 'omrnouwealllh Coverniuent lias already contributed £10,000.000 as its share of that loss, and il will have io contribute a great, deal more. It is most regrettable that the sons of farmers, who have such a capital stock of experience to carry on our primary industries, are, in many cases, migrating to the oily when tiicv reuch the age of 20 or 22 years. They .should be given every possible encouragement \- to remain on the land. This (JovernnicDl. however, lios done u groat deal to foster rural development. In the first pluce, it has es tablished u rural credits branch oi the Commonwealth Bank. 11 ! reasonable advances Mere available to enable farmers' sons to establish jiiemselves on the laud, the drift tc the city would be stemmed to some degree. The Ciovermnent has considerably improved the outlook of the dairying industry. For one thing, it has prevented the export of inferior butter. Before long our butter will be ey.ua.1, if not superior, to Danish •butler. The fGoveriinient has also helped the sugar industry in a re - markably successful way. Assistance to the extent oJ: about £1,000,000 has been granted to the Australian canned fruit industry, with the result that instead of factories being closed down and the orcliardists being forced oil' their laud, factories are being extended and production increased. Even iu the (.{oulburn Valley, where ths water rates are so high, the industry is in a nourishing condition. Honorable members who oppose our protectionist policy should seriously consider what: would happen to ail the workers iu our primary and secondary industries if the existing duties were willidraSviii. The (Jovernmeni has triven the broom miJiet industry the sau\e iseuerons consideration Unit il h a s i to many oilier ji-!;;r-J ;ic;.-. The }*"Uil.e in this industry require protection, above everything, against the corn borer, or the roof uorer. as it is termed iu the Tni'ted Slates ami Canada, where it. Juts done an enor - mous amount oil harm. Last year we imported about £3,000,000 worth of tobacco leaf. Importations could be very greatly reduced under a proper system of encouragement by the tiovernment. During the last three years £1,750,000 has been advanced by the Commonwealth for main road construction. This is a compai atiyely smail amount in view of the work to be undertaken, but its expenditure has proved very beneficial. 1 can speak on this subject wi.th the experience of one who has been a member of a municipal council for twenty years. The Government has been requested to make advances of this kind, and it is very pleasing to knowthat it is its intention to bring down a bill to provide to* an advance of £20,000,000 to cover u continuous roads construction policy over a period of ten years. With the advent of the motor vehicle, good roads have become more important than railways for the opening up and development of the country. Objection is sometimes taken to a motor tax, but motorists have said to me, '(Jive us good roads which will prevent the wrecking of our. cars, and we .shall not mind paying a substantially increased tax.' Good roads, assistance in the opening up of markets, and bounties on unpayable exports is the assistance needed for primary industries. If such as • .sista'nee is not .true protection. 1 fail to understand Hie meaning oi the word. The production of the agricultural Industry represents 00 per cent, of the wealth produced in Australia. This is therefore a national industry, and each and every individual iu the community should contribute to its upkeep. "Whilst 1 should like to see the greatest protection possible for our secondary industries, 1 do not forget that the surplus products of our primary industries must, compete in the world's markets against similar products produced in other countries by all kinds of coloured and sweated. Those concerned in the secondary industries are i.u an infinitely better position than the primary pro-: ducers. 1 ani sorry the Tarilf Board did not recommend some slight increase in the timber duties. The conditions of the timber industry in other countries are so different from ours that it is imperative, it we sire to keep up our standards--and ! want to see them kept up—that we should give greater consideration i<> the Australian (timber industry, in conclusion, I- assure th.e coinmiKteo that iiiv desire is that .every section of the'community shall be treated equitably. "Workers, manufacturers, and primary .producers alike a»-c .entitled to a fair Ueul. but. undir existing conditions tin* last named are •reltintr' by far the worst of the deal. 