PEACE-TIME APATHY (Contributed). Unless another war breaks out .. which God forbid-there is bu little hope of rousing thc meni'oll or thc womenfolk of the Northen .'.'JVrritory from their present apathy But why? Surely thc benefits io b< derived from assisting: to promul gate peace and progress arc mile; ahead of the fomenting of. war. ant destruction,^ murder, and »carnage '"ho. best provision,, for defence i: ah increased population, not ol : attic only, but human beings primary producers and bona-n*d< settlers, and their offspring. A Danish immigration agent wai , recently in Melbourne making in cjuiries as to thc possible migraxioi of agriculturists from that Country Of Course the pessimistic opinior inevitably arises that the Northen Territory offers very few opening: for Scandinavian agriculturists, but for what openings there ar? it i: assuredly possible for even ÜH most melancholy type of Dane to make a much greater and bette.« showing on his own account than quite, a dozen or mere Federal Government agricultural experts have achieved at the Daly Riyei or Batchelor State Demonstration Farms-even without counting thc pumpkin which in itself cost the taxpayers £40,000 odd, or curus canker, or soil analysis, or other recent official stunts. A few Danes might develop the smoked; and cured fish industry (European style) for the Australasian and Malayan markets. Much has been heard from time to time of the Bush Brotherhood, and similarly eulogistic references are*.earned., from Atime < t,o time ; l>y the mission workers of .'various de- nominations. But what splendid avenues of work and usefulness could be achieved by a Bush sister- hood.? Of course the inland nurs- ing mission comes under the head- ing of a bush sisterhood-and a glorious self-denying sisterhood al that-self-denying because it is poorly paid in comparison with the less exacting labor of the lady typ" ist, school teacher, or factory worker. But the purport of this creed is thc additional urge of some kind of co-operative union among women to provide for other essentials over and above religious teaching and bush nursing, and ev- entually to bring about the sep- arate entity of womenfolk who worship not the jazz floor, silk stockings, cigarettes and cocktails but th? domestic arts, and the home altar.. A League of Gentlewomen has its headquarters in Melbourne, with an increasing membership of con- siderably over three hundred mem- bers-capable, trustworthy women. From the cleaning of a house, cooking meals, doing any sort of sewing or mending, minding child- ren, making the jams, cakes, or sweets or waiting at parties, or the caretaking of homes, large or ïimall-for a moderate fee thc members of the League will under take any of these or other duties. Much could be achieved by i»c formation of a few branches of the Country Women's Association in the Northern Territory. Before the war, in 1913, Miss Alice Currie, a N.S.W. woman, conceived thc idea of properly conducted seaside camps for women and children outback, who Could afford to pay moderate rates for board and lodg- ing, and at a meeting of the Agric- ultural Bureau at Hawkesbury Col- lege the seaside camp scheme was revived and accepted with enthus- iasm/ given the essential financial backing, and duly launched. The Queensland Country Women's As- sociation provide substantial seaside shelters practically free, but, lt such a scheme were launched in the Northern Territory it might assist financially burdened women workers if those who could afford to pay were asked to assist those who could not, but could assist in many other ways to vet y Consider- able mutual advantage-that is to say any woman not too well-en- dowed with coin of the realm might undertake to perform certain light restricted duties in return for her accommodation at the seaside and board and lodging. There are several splendid little beaches near and not far away from Darwin which Svould adopt themselves admirably for the pur- pose of a seaside Camp- all that is required to send the scheme right ahead is thc inauguration of one seaside hut-thç rest will follow. Faugh-a-Ballagh' Mrs. J. A. Lyons, wife of the Tasmanian Labor premier, while on a visit to N.S.W., said she had no time for the merely feminine out- look in politics, and she told the vvohíeñ" ói Sydney that"all'mailers of public interest should make an appeal to men .and women alike. She strongly advised them to drop their sectional attitudes and become more universal in their interests.. ....And so mote it be. 