: Address By Mr. W. K. Alexander. , TO MEMBERS OF CONSTITUTIONAL CLUB. The members ot the newly formed Constitutional' Club were favoured with an. Interesting address last night at the Technical College. The ad dress was. delivered by Sir. W; K. A lav. nnder, who is ' nt present relieving Deputy Registrar, at Rockbampton and Ids',, subject, was the '"Drift to the cities." There wore about thirty per sons present and the President of the Club (Dr. P. H. V. Voss) presided. The Vice-presidents, Messrs.- ' J. Kenna and;J. J. Macauley, were also present. Arter Mr. Alexander had delivered his paper, the President inyited discussion and , several, of those present took the opportunity of expressing their views on the subject.. , Before the address, was commenced the! 'President tendered a welcome to Miv-Alexauder and said that the chief alms or the Club was to have address es of tills -kind. M. Alexander, in Ills opening re marks, eald it. gave him much pleasure to expound his views on the cause of that'; characteristic of Australian pop ulations.;' to; .congregate in the dapital- cilies. " jv firstly, 'because I am convinced that. 'an., empty country — an emptiness which is causing alarm — and a country whose exports must necessarily be primary products, any tendency of a drift to the cities, and or' the popula tion' of : the cities increasing faster than lliat of the country districts, must be full! of forebodings. Primary pro ducts nro not raised in cities, and countries which require a tariff to capture their own markets are not'llke- ly tp capture any other markets. Our cities cannot be great manufacturing cities until the population in the coun try idistrlcts.be much larger than it' is at present: '" But we have 'the pheno menon of people and capital deserting the.'country for the cities. Clearly thete is something'wrong. ' Secondly, it gives me pleasure to bring my views before your influential club' because;. if we have strayed' from the true track of progress, it must be through a faulty public opinion permit ting: the country to embrace .policies . Incompatible . with those inexorable economic laws which' control the pro duction" of wenltli. The only way of correcting a wrong public opinion is by plentiful exposition and discussion! .But before a wrong can be righted the cause!' of the wrong must bo found. If we can. point our finger on the 'right .caus'othe euro will- soon - disclose ' it- , self.: / Within the hounds of- Its re sources—natural and financial, and the , scop'o of its markets there is a. definite rtegreev'pf material progress "and pros- rperity; possible to a:;country. But this \- maximum'-- taihed unless there' be the intelligence, to discern the right dconrimlc laws and the moral qualities in the people.- to give, .willing obedience - thereto. A country, as well: as; ah individual, can enjoy ' a temporary: prosperity by methods' that must ultimately bring disaster. The policy that brings about a drift, of capital and manhood to the cities no doubt makes' the ; cities tem porarily very prosperous,' but' unless the Capital and labour are absorbed, in . wealth-producing industries in the cities the effect of thb policy must be so much national waste,-' besides starv ing the wealth producing industries, pf the.tiukh. ' In a democratic country tile ultimate responsibility for any policy lies with the people, hence the importance of- a .well-informed- public opinion:1 The essential to a well-in formed public opinion and national pro--, grass. are free utterance and unre stricted'. criticism. THE DRIFT TO THE CITIES. Our. subject "The Drift to the Cities" is probably the Most)' important Qhea- tibn 'demanding solution in .Australia to-day/ important from - its - bearing on population and Empire problems, Our 'subject is world- wide and ago old. ; II do not' propose .to deal with those aspects of my subject, or even in any detail with the- tendency of the . drift as 'it affecljs Australia, but only as It". affects Queensland. > WO' have a largo extent of territory —429,000,000 acres, and: a. Bmall population 842,150 people.: Three out- ot- ten of our population live in Brls- - bane," and the , population of Brisbane is increasing faster than that, of- the k rest of the State. In 190G Brisbane e? contained .24.76 per cent of the -State's -population; in 1923 29.06 per cent:; ' - That leaves only some hair million "people for the rest of the huge State.. It must be confessed that this' most statesmanlike work our legislators can do for ourselves and the Empire during this generation is the' filling up our empty spaces, and. tlils important work must be serious ly hampered if, through whatever cause,'1 people and capital drift to Brisbane beyond . the needs of _ the . economic function which Brisbane can at present fulfill to maintain . there an artificial prosperity whlcit . drains the: country districts ot their manhood and capital.' if our soil be 'fertile, why do not our workers seek the independence which a farm could offer;: them? And if our natural re- sources possess potential wealth why -are ; our capitalists not - attracted to tli'elr development? \ These are the questions wo shall try to answer. The laws'! should encourage ' citizens to find 'the best avenue for their ener gies and capital In, the national work snoBt needed to be done. All shades or opinion aro agreed that'! the greatest need" or Australia is more population. All are agreed there Is room for millions more on the land; but with (his, the 'unanl- mlty- Btops. ' How to attain the de sired end is, unfortunately, a politi cal question which must run the gauntlet of personal, class end party i. Interests. V 'h!(!- We produce more primary products than we can cotisump,-lgudjmust:1ogh to ah export trade to find .q .market, for !the surplus. file gains of the export, trade are dependent on low r<-oduc'<vn costs, and primary pro ducers generally favour Free Trade. (The continent of Australia is far re- moved from the centre of the Empire, and world politics point to the mili tary necessity of a policy ot self-con-;' tainedness. Tills necessity- compels the adoption of a degree of protec tion; but ilie degree must be fixed with a lull knowledge of the import ance of the export industries. In jury to those must_react on the se condary industries. "Protection Is a part ot the policy ot defence; but the most important part of -that policy is effective occupation of our territory, and this can be best accomplished by ruisiug raw products for a world In growing need for them.' Before the war England produced but a fifth of the food she ate, Belgium two-flflnsj, Italy two- thirds, anil Germany four-, firlhs. European emigration Is not on the scale it was before the war. Notwithstanding the present vigor ous efforts to promote agriculture, her over population becomes yearly more serious. . She must have food for her people, and raw products for her .factories, and these can only bo supplied by the countries that . are under populated. Australia Is one of those countries, and Queensland is a conspicuously under populated part of Australia offering the best promise of expansion by development of her primary 'industries; Wa have preferential tariff rales with Great Britain, and the opportunity is ours with wise laws and ''scientific adminis tration to vastly increase the farming class and production for export. If we pursue this policy along with an innocuous protection until our 429 millions acres are settled in generous living area3, we shall then have a population which will make it more inviting than it is now for our capita lists to put' money into'secondary in dustries. To attempt to ' be com pletely self-contained now will be to sacrifice the wealth and opportunities which world commerce and Empire development offer. . Whilst primary- and secondary indus tries are interdependent, a new coun try must first develop ' its primaries to have the population and wealth to support the secondaries. The right time when the public policy of a country should turni' from the encour agement of' It's primaries to -the en couragement -of its -secondaries must be decided presumably by the degree of closer settlement, and of the de-. velopment of its natural resources. \Vliilst' the country districts have room for more- settlers, public policy could hardly be better djrected than, to obtaining settlers, . particularly . when an .unlimited export, market can; takc: the' /surplus ../products. It is dii.L'fiy-tlie;:mUItary,-.-ar4umPUt.-:.thatH gives- plausibility to a/ policy of self- containednes'sV ' For Queensland, at the. moment,: the most.impoi'tant work, our legislature can do 1b to' fill up our empty '! spaces, add it -is the re cognition of This fact tfiat - gives in terest to any attempt to explain the tendency, of our people to congregate in the 'capital 'oily'.'" It 13 by' the pro duction of wool,- meat, butter, wheat and minerals that we have reached our- present population and opulence, and there is still ample room Tor ex-' linns Ion along the same safe' road, i It will be time enough to provide our own requirements in manufactur ed- goods, at a greater cost than we can obtain' them by exchange and trading; "when our 'vast territory is settled more 'effe'ctively than it is at present. ! ' If- our people drift to' the cities we may be sure they, do so for. good and sufficient' reasons. Whatever else Australians are, they are fairly prac tical and If they leave the bush for the cities it is because tlioy think they can make a living in the cities easier than in the country. . Our business will be to find the reasons why- this is so, whin clearly the pub lic policy ! should be to make settle ment on the land - more attractive than a job' in the cities. There -is much talk these days about, the roughness' and loneliness of bush life, and it seems settled in- the minds -of those who talk so that people will not go to the. bush because of these con ditions, and a general lack of the amehlties'; but this explanation is falsified by the.facts. If it were not, we would' be shockingly ' effeminate dogenerates of our ploneor fathers. It is sufficient to' mention that whilst our farms on the coa3lal fall remain unselected, we cannot meet the de mand' for . grazing farms in the far West. Anybody who knows, the con ditions of life in the two'parts must at onco conclude that- the deciding factor in land settlement is economic. I want you to be fully seized of this fact, that the cause of. the drift to. the cities, is mainly — personally, I think solely, but we will leave it at mainly — economic. Our people have shown no dread of the loneliness and rough ness of bush life. Though, neverthe less, tliey are-' there, and in" rather awful degrees;: but t lie- fact remains that whenever we' offer, a term or /grazing selection presenting a good business proposi tion, whether it be in the far West or the far North, it is balloted for; whilst, when we offer a bad business proposition 'even though it be. on the Darling Downs, or bordering one of our lovely beaches of the Pacific Ocenn, it goes abngslng. We con dismiss ihe amenity or. psychological cause, hut with the hope that every thing possible will be done to lessen, particularly the loneliness,- and to bring the comforts and conveniences so necessary to women' and children, within reach of -hush settlers, Accepting then the cause of the drift to the cities to be economic, we have to find out the bad' economic laws that are doing the mischief, and iliqtii it is we cannot, in this big'.empty State, offer farms presenting good , business propositions.5; (First,--, ?et ..us examine"' tiie essential conditions for prosperous production: of .-our pj- lijiriry products — (Wool, meat, , butter, wheat, etc.— ami iii studying tiipse.cpwlitiomi an answer to our question will pos sibly disclose itself. ,v, J -', '.ft -.,1, .i t ; AVe : will study our couditloiis undei- the' ".heads" "ot "Natural, Ecoudmlc, Political Vand. .'Administrative; The' es sential -'natural-conditions lor agricul tural and pastoral productions are: air, sun', ' moisture, soil. We need not' wait' to study the air; it is pure and plentiful and ever ready to do our work. - it is- rnther too bountiful to some - of our pests, prickly pear for instance, which, uprooted and hung over a- fence will 'keep alive fur u considerable lime.' From our geo graphical position and meteorological conditions, Queensland is well : sup plied wlih suhshiiio. in our agricul tural districts, through the abund ance o.f suushinu, and no severe -win; tor and short days, our lai-mers can" crop all the year round. 'When the wheat' crop is taken off (ho corn is shortly planted, -and the Ki'cern ami artificial grasses, if rain- comes, keep, 'growing ail the' 'year round. Thu 'same In the pastoral districts, there is J continual growth in normal sea sons. " ' Willi the study ot moisture, we touch on one of thu delects of our cli mate; bill it is a defect that can be successfully reduced by intelligence applied to tile work of conservation. Wa have no absolute desert. , Our dryest district— the south-west cor ner — lias an average rainfall of nearly ton inches. Then our truly wonder ful supplies of '-artesian -rater, all through the back country make those parts almost, lor -the time being, In dependent of rain lor slock water. If thu squatters would seriously tackle conservation of fodder and the im provement, of the natural grasses, then given North and South Railways lor drought - escape, grazing would be less hazardous in the future. : But leaving, the West out of the question,- we have the whole of- the coastal fall, along with a hundred' miles or so of the table land Willi an- average rain fall of 30 inches and over. But for successful cropping, not only must there be a certain necessary : , quan tity, but there must be regularity in its - ' time of coming. The farmer niust be able to rely on its coming at the time tlie crop wants it. In our farming, districts ' it is not so much lack of quantity as, lack or regularity of the rain-coming that gives us- trou ble. - Tiie irregularity- in its time of coming, and the fact that ' we have summer -rains more- than, winter rains, makes the rainfall a serious factor in questions- of land settlement.- One re sult of- this is, that- our land proposi tions are distinctly.: risky, to- the stranger; he looks at the -soil and is agreeably satisfied; lie hears the aver age rainfall is : 30 inches or, over, and he marvels -at the cheapness -of the land — wonders why the local people left it for a1 stranger - to get. After three or. four years: lie realises that the local -people lyiew , what they were about better than he did. No thing is gained by, gelling settlers by false pretences. ' The l'act that- out side the tropical coast, lands our rain Is irregular in its coming, 'should .not be, overlooked when settlement is.be-. Tng considered. Notwithstanding this ( defect the - powers? of, , productivity.! of; TnentoaTtfelSilWtytl'dwinifte.'ttil' defect and the: suppression !'or ignor ance of it .much harm is done. When this fact 'is Ignored The schemes come to failure,- mucli energy and capital is wasted, and Queensland gets a bad name. .' There are certain seasons of the year for particular crops, and if those seasons do not regularly get rain Iho farmer caunot depend -on a crop every year. This defect in -the regularity of rainfall 'must he accepted,- and the best made of it. In planning land settlement schemes there! is no excuse for' ignor ance of the 'defect; We have now in every, district of Queensland settlers who have been there 40 or 50' years- who are- ever willing to give the benefit of their experience. The prin cipal Tessoh- to; be learnt from, this de tect is ftiat tile' local 'man, " familiar with the district, is always the safest settler; and here I wish to. 'state a fnc of the utmost importance, but which, unfortunately', is not recog nised.; It is that there Is lift uusnlis- fled demand 'in every district ' in Queensland for. farms or selections presenting good " business proposi tions'. it you do not know this, please accept it from me as a fact for the present. . I said just now, in every district there aro settlers or 40 and 50 years' standing. I' now add, there are men, in every district ready lo take 'all the farm's wo can offer that are worth haying, and further, there is capital in 'invery district to finance such propositions! if a farm begs on the Burnett;: in1 the Darling Dowris, In the Ciinnamulla district; in any dis trict, It Is because the local demand has turned it down; and if the local man with all his local knowledge cam not sge his way to make a success of the farm, do you think the stranger ignorant of this local' knowledge is likely- to? Th'ese- statements I fear will unsettle your mind on the ques tion of 'migration; settlement,' Wliy experiment with costly schemes to settle new chums, when here knock ing at 'our door Is the most valuable settler we can have? 5 The local inan, of course, will only take a proposi tion -worth liaving, but what is the r.llernn live— palm bad- propositions on _tp strangers;! and advance tliem good "money to throw. away? The, chief -rea- >;Son why the local man is belter than the stranger is because hcknows bow. to deal with - the irregularity, or our' rainfall. The reason why we can not offer farms which the local man would be - prepared to tako will bo disclosed In our consideration of the economic and administrative condi tions. , With regard to migration settlement, wo may at' onco say that we have no lands — like the wheat bolt of Canada— where you could put a liard-worklng' penniless stranger, and accept it as a fair business risk to ad vance him money against the coming crop: On the other hand, im not run away with, the opinion Hint Canada is a richer country than Australia. It Is not. Generally speaking; a man capital and local experience to suc ceed on the land, in Queensland, and it muit;ever be -rlBky to . advance pioney tp. people'- without local experl- enc'e. f'-When ''we give bargains 'to those with- local experience - they can , alwaytf finance, themselves. . "'' ; : As well as ti' local ' demand ror land in ' every district; '-there'., is :also plenty of capital seeking' invest ment, and ho steady . young man with a good bUBlnesa proposition, and I I -fit T-' the' - necessary; experienctHi'jylll fail -40- get acconimodntion 'locaHjt- to get to work; in the -rich ;XvlnrltBt'jiil and Cairns Districts ; ft rai'meir' has no trouble in -getting accommodation. Ills main trouble- is to geb" a farm. The success ol' the - old luilf-erown home stead was Unit it pritctlcaily gave tiie miiii the -land, and- at- tUO'-eiid of five years he, littd llie expui-iencp. ' He then maile a proper start Equipped with land, capital uiid experle'nde, his eiipi- till being the mortgage lvalue 'of his lee-simple; ami that'.' ia ' Hie only scheme of settlement1 that! gives good results. Get the-riglit class'- or- mail, give him li bargain;' iiiid''y6u;can trust lo the incentive of sell-interest to du the rest. "When you offer a bargain yon' attract 'the right olasii-Vtlie local liieh of uxpcrlenu'e. 'Buf.'bnd proposi tions supporlcii by easy! loiUis only nt- ..ti-iict the inexperlonced- arid indigenl. Tliji lesson evolved; 'from (lie con- slderution of the rainfall tiicii is, tliul the local -mini liuikes liie ;besl. seltler, and xvn have by no,' meanii exliaustcd the supply of such! ' v ' i do not lncaii' hy what' I have just said that we could settle Hie whole ot Queensluiid williout iv Ullage increase in populnliqii, but- 1 (o mean that lliere Is a coiislderliblii deniand .jjor land by local people, which -through adverse economic conditions rind 'hick of ad ministrative capacity w.e'iife not sails'. I'yiiig. Tiie bost plilce .for iiow chums for a few years Is in.'!, employment gaining experience. '. Turning riow'to soil,' few Jands could show a large proportion 'pf arable soil. It is not all fii-streUiss,. but tiie oxie.nt of infertile soil is Very .small. The , geological 'age of: the land,:, the exten sive volcanic action ,iri,:,thp past, and the weathering tliht' ,lias" gone oil through the -'ages', has .given lis rolling downs of volcanic b'oH, 'ami great plains uiid rich vulle'ys of alluviiill The ex tent of rnagli mquntiibpous land mid likes Is infinltesiriifihto.'tbe'iwhole. Our poorest lands aro the liaL'd\yoi)d ridges along the coastal fall, buCthese are hi-: tcrspersod with rlcli alluvhll flats, arid every liero itrid there >.gWp place To, extensive areas of' rJcli , scrub lands; and even the forest -'tlmbrired ridges are used successfully for! cattle breed ing. QuuemtiaudTs-.wpil off in the matter of arable soil, with the conser vation of water to Irrigate, | where pos sible, and. dry. fai-mlng.-in other parts, we could grow food, stuffs i lo support many million people. f » Even hi our preseut slate of limited:' development, and In the pastoral industry of trusting almost solely to the natural condi tions, We' raise agricultural and pastor al-products to the - yalue or over -£45,000,000. Consideration- of the soil cannot be dissociated; from that of- the rainfall. No mattpr how good the soil may be, if rain'doos imt come when the crop wants' it, fits goodness Is -of no avail. We liaYPgin tho West- erh' -Downs and -Margnoa districts large area of soil . suitable- for wheat growing,. but owing to.-tlie,. erratic rain fall, farmers can.only - depend ou about one- crop, in three.' - When Hie crops fail ito yield.-agaln, th.e-ritpck are turn ed: into (graze, -thus theTfarmer In the failure- years gets some: rp.tUrn for his labour.' : Tiie vagaries o.£\the- .season: t;arffrtfet''aWiaMfe'(rWtfcSlc by mixed -farming;: and the more local experience the settler has the bettor will he meet- the" uncertainty of. the seasons. Necessarily, by- now, u large proportion of our host soils in1 our best rainfall districts is alienated! . but a considerable- proportion of these again are not' being -cultivated. -Our . Rail; ways run' through many miles of good soil' riot 'used to best advantage,- and many miles more In their natural un developed- stale.' One of the advan tages of -privately-owned railways is the activity which tho shareholders put int6 the the development of the districts Through which the ( railways run;' One of the distinct ' disadvan tages1 of State-owned railways - is' tho abscence or this' valuable work owing to there being no shareholders seeking dividends. ' Those who provide tho cnpitril for Stale-owned railways . can leave the dividend Worries to Taxpay ers'/ and the liability with - them be comes so much spread, that individual citizens feel little concern in the mat-, tor/'- Our- Railways run through -hund red of miles' of country that are'-as un developed now' ns when the 'rallwnya wore first built. There is no way of increasing railway revenue except by moro'frelght arid pns'songors, and when railways are State- owned, considera tion as to the development: of tho dis tricts' Through' which tiie railways run, is not within the provinco of the management.- 'Perhaps, if a.ttnehed to the' 'Railways was a Band Develop ment Board, consisting of the 'respon sible heads of the Railway, Land - and Treasury Departments,- and "a Land Set'tleinent expert,' with power and - a limited ririnuai. expenditure to. formu late and' 'carry out" schemes -for the better productive, use of Ihp land ten miles on either side ot our railways, soroo good work would he accomplish ed. In the riieantlmo; a report' on the degree of devolopinent and productiv ity of tho lands' along our; railways would awaken public interest' in, the subject.; , ' :: . . Queensland Is well favoured in the extent. and quality of liar fertile soils, and it the sciences' of production and marketing -were studied as-, 'energeti cally as Awards "are, we could easily double our National Income.' -Worker, now, squnbbles with employer for more, arid lf lie gets it, employer pass es the more ori to worker. " when Avorkcr discovers the trick; he starts a new squahhleV'Hhd so tlie 'siliy game goes on; until It reaches a stage when it cannot be passed on, the reaction then begins In unemployment. But where, .in a . new. country, iBtheBonsn in congregatlrig In the cities anil sauabhiing, when in tho eounttry are millions of wealth producing Acres ly ing idle, ready lo enrich both employ er and worker. '."Australians look to politics for what they can only liopo to get from production and pommerco — more pay and leisure. ' , . M-ore and Smaller 8tates. In considering our natural conditions, we have seen that we have all the es sentials for big productive output!- If our unweildy State ' were subdivided Into six manageable 1 areas . of: uniform natural condltlons-iThfoe maritime and three Western "States, wltlj lpve. ,.and conditions ' to encourage primary, pro duction," and administrative'' ability- to present only business propositions. The. drlf( '.would not be to the cities, but to the'-corintry, 'irid our farms wpuln all bo balloted for/ ' At presnni;Tho Siato Is laVtoo, blg'and diverse tp.T)p;8.ubj)eot .to .,the one. set .ot.laws and coudlUpus,-, Each ''area" of'dlsttric't.iriaturaicondl- ' Hons requires j£b,-be?,i.eglBlUI;pd: |(op (by ) politicians' ivltli ippiii. expevlep'ce. ! We could eusijy .cut out qlx. States with marked diversities of temperature, 1-aliifaH, soil and natural resources. Besides', though: our politicians stand for territorial: ureas tliey really repre sent class and craft 'interests, The wgultU Is raised in the country, but Its division is a scramble for by the in terests In- the cities'wlio trouble tliem- selves little about tbe production of It. Land Rental I turn now to consider the essential economic comlittoris for progressive land -settlement; When at the request of the 'lute '.'Chief' Justice, 1 agreed to prepare this piiper. I designed for my- selr an ambitious .plan, which was to include an exhaustive, study of the history ot land settlement iu Queeus- luiul, the rest of the Australian Slates, with the suuiu for Canada, United States and Argentine; turn Hie light of this wide experience to gether with my own -10 odd years Queensland experience om to the present" lund policy, and ' economic conditions of our Stale and. endeavour to road ariglit the' lessons' lo :be drawn- therefrom. But I hail not gone rur when 1 found it would entail I lino considerably beyond; my ' power io give. Then I - found my .:subjecl crossed andTiitorlockcdeby the politi cal contest going on everywhere, bo- Iwoon lliose desiring i to retain the capitalistic systein and those wishing lo change It for socialism: between the ud vocal es of Free Trade and Frp: tectlon, arid with the cold economic laws .everywhere iii conflict with warm youthrul oritliuslnsm ' for the realisation of .Utopian" dreams. 'In fact,' 1 -found 1 was alteinptiug a task Tor which I was not competent, nor had I' the time, oxcept to liariilie in a narrow and locnl way/so there was nothing for it but to come down -off ... my pedestal, nnd give' a purely: practl- cal tmpnr baaed on the personal ob- .sorvtttions of a ratlier extended and varied Queensland -experience.'- These remarks will prepare you for any crudities, you might discover in my handling of the .essential- econom ic-conditions for the prosperity or. primary industries. The conditions I wish to say something on are, Rent, Area, Markets, " Transportation, La-, hour! arid', iiriplemeiits , riud Goods; With regard', to Rents, Govern ments have always had " two objects In view — Rov'cii'ue 'and 'Land Settle ment. These alms clash/ so 'that the attainment of the one 'means the sac rifice of tho' other. ".During "the big 1902 drought wliom' thriTStnto's reve5 niic' then!' and for a few years1 after, was only a 'little more Than 3J : mil lions (it iB now-17il'mlUIoris) and the Government : was hard" puBlied, " it passed- a lnnd Act - giving long - leases to the squatters. To serve llife needs of Hie Trensury at the time, land was locked up -which a very Tow. years, afterwards tho Deuhum Government was trying to . get back from the squatters to satisfy iiio demand for grazing farriis; . riud so it- has boon with' farming Trinds, the. exigencies .of the Treasury. lin,yo repeatedly op'erat; ed liarmfiilly ,'ori land ; sottlemeut. \yith the exception of t,lie lirilf '.crown homestead :v:'.wHtch/!-'thpugh' .' it ."was/ -gi-osalyittbuSodby.Ktbrif-SlFiaitern.Tdld'j: for die rural workers "what 'tbe work- ors' Dwellings' Acts have "done fob the town '-'workers. Governments liaVe generally i been - more 'regardful ' of their treasury than the promotion of land settlement The party-'in1 op position lias -regularly voiced - this, but' always the party in power lias been unable to keep Its eye off the > treasury, with the result , that our railways run through many miles of undeveloped fertile land of little more use to the railways that if it were desert. "Bargains," The deciding Tactor In rent, or pur chasing price, should "be the relative superior 'conveniences and soil. But the Authorities should permit the fact that we have Invested '£50,000,000 in our railways to 'Irifiuenco'Thera also when deciding the prlco. ' The land was' given to us so wo could afford to give It- away to producors— taxpayers and freighlpuyers— and by so' doing bo handsomely served.' The method for .somo years has been to put -what wu consider the: value on the laud; give -easy terms of payment, and ox- lond hopes of cheap loan money; but iliese are terms to attract the Indi gent to try llioir luck at our -expense at pioneer fanning. A belter method woiuid be: first decide on tho rovenuo capacity per aero when in profit, from fyis wo can arrive ' at its' relrillvo' ' Vhiuo; estimate the developing costs of bringing 'It into profit; lake this off the value'; next try to arrive 'at what it is -worth to tho Stato to have a producer in' pliice of. ' 'an 'empty space, take- what that Is worth also off the price, then, to' be sure of at tracting the' practical farmer, halvo the result, and give suitable public ity to the bargain. Tho slogan of the Lands Department, should bo "Bar gains." What explains 6000 appli cants for one grazing farm in the far. West except tho nature of thu - bar gain? I feel as confident us I rim stuiiding here that 'it there is one farm begging . in any district in . Queensland presenting a really good business proposition ' I could find a local applicant' for' it straight away. For twenty years thu Land' Commis sioners have regularly reported ' that anything any good goes' off' immedi ately, 1 am stressing this' point ot tho good demand mi- -lnnd, becniise'T waqt you to believe that the Drift to the Cilius is not due to a marked "pro- ' Terence Tor city life in. our poople, but to the fact that wo have made the rural Industries unpayable. Tho Lands Department incurs a lot of expense annually in trying to dispose . of hopeless propositions. . When they offer anything any good they are stormqd with applications. But the Lands Department are not respori-. elbie ror city Jobs ' being bolter worth' than couutry farms. Tho cause is not by any means so Himple. There is no dearth of zeal and Tnlclligohce in Lands Olllce ofilcials, but if they had all wrangled ris ' Professora of Land Settlement' and Colonisation they would bo powerless ' to cut " up'- the bush into paying fariDB,- whilst' the- cost of production, due to local causes, was greater' than the value- of the crop duo to world's parity; < I know there are efforts being made to correct this impossible posiUon' by ; farmer's pools, etc., and what I shall have, to say .on faults of administra tion . will be on tho assumption that . somq moans of reducing costs, or. pass ing' thorn on to local/consumers, will, lie fouud. The officials of tiie admin istration cannot bo blame'd for fault's CONTItlUED Oti PAGE10I CONTINUED FROM PAGE 9. that arc mainly economic and pollti- ' Hliall leave tile subject of rents Willi Hie asaertion Hint it Is not a rent roll we want, so much ns produc ers and taxpayers. Our - rem rol\ now is a million and a hull' nearly, but our deficit ou the railwuy ra nges about a million. As the deficit him to come out of the same pocket I lull the rent roll goes. Into, It would he wiser to keep our eyes on the rail ways balance 'sheet rather than the lands when fixing rents. In the matter of arrms it Is well re cognised that the aim should be a generous living area. Our subject Is the attraction ol' the Cities, lu the city a man in employment must he paid not less than £4 5s. for .a 41 hour week. He is ulso Insured against un employment and Tor his family thoro are all the educational and social advantages which cities afford. View ing it as a purely business proposi tion, we must fix our living areus to provide an ii vertigo income that can .cuccessfully compete Sgulnst the pros pects offering In flic city. At present we offer lo the West areas that will give the lucky winner or the ballot a: 201)0 per unnuin, and on the coastal lands wo offer farms that will hardly Keep the ration hags full, though tho working week 1m fnr inoro than II hours. Cnn we wonder tlmt we onu- not supply the doniand In the West whilst our eonstal farms go begging? From the conditions of employment ruling In Uio cities, It is useless to i hrow open fnrnis from which a simi lar standard of living cannot be ox- inieleil. .To know what constitutes a living urea wo uiUBt ho able to esti mate, approximately, the' lands net revenue capacity. Thill Is not diffi cult In anybody with some practical knowledge und who Is fam iliar with tliu ordlnnry meth ods of accountancy. . We are not dueling with untried districts .Settlors, bunkers, und business people are in nil nf them with 5U yearn' uxporluuco to tell us wliut they know. It Is uupurdnuublo tr mis takes are made now.' When, after Hie most critical method, wo have arrived al an area, which, with aver age coiidltloim a3 to rainfall and mar kets, wu cnn feel reasonably certain will give bettor prospects lliun em ployment In the cities, we should add another 50 per cent to mtikn no doubt , nbotil II, We cnn ufTonl to err on I lie right aide, hut the issues are too imptirtimt lo pit on the wrongi Markets! When we study tliu history of land seillomonl lu this country, we find lis troubles liuvn been mainly con nected with i-ulnrull und markets. With regard to tho tatter, Invontlons; i hit I tumbled mi to export our pro- duels, liuuiodlntnly caused tt brisk do- liumil for our lands unci a great In crease in production. Many of ua can remember tliu financial Strug- glen uf the cattle squatter beforu tho freezing works. Muny thousands nf cattle used to go down from North Queunidiuid to Wodougu and at time realised less tlmu tliclr droving ex penses. Then thorn was tho hnrd rough life of our dairymen before llio separator ami butter factory. Tutting their butter 40 miles, as I have seen (hem, mill getting at times' 4d. a lb. Since those days, squatters nnd dairy men lmvo had many prosperous yenr. but trials and tribulations have come again. This time- mainly through tho costs of production. Owing lo tho tact tlmt loeul prices of primary pro- duels raised In excess of the 'iionie consumption aro fixed at world's pnrliy, and costs of production are subject.,' to Australian rules, we hnvo arrived' at a time In which t'nrmitig hardly pays, anil Ihoru Is a poor de mand for our lands. Tho sons or larmcrs familiar with tho homely si niggle aro not prepossessed with farming prospects. Their vlults to the ully linve given the impression linn life Is easier, more prosperous and gnyer thoro; so wheu 'they are Ire,, to decide for themselves, they go 10 I he eltleii and tho Stutb' loses tho i, mst valuable land settlor -It could have. The furmer'a money tins two values. It cornea to him on u value entiled by foreign standards. It goes I'm, n him nn the depreciated value fixed by Australian standards. tie lias to compete ngalnst tho Danish larinei- wttli the hnudtcnp of tint dlf- fi-r-'iice In purchasing power to cucli or the ciish return both receive. In AtiairnUa practically every other em ployer can puss production costs on in the consumer; tin furmer cannot. The purchasing value of the pound in-day and twelve years sgo Is ns 11 I- :o 20 and Arbitration awards have ii -oguised Iht. The effect of tills r luced value on the farmer, In that 11 e III) shillings he receives for his butter Is worth iibuut eleven shill ing.; when In; turns round to buy onr- vli'i a with II. True, he Is not yet subli'et to a rural award, but nil tho goods be buys, tile factories Hint tronl hi--, raw prnductn, and his transportn- "iii services arc. Is It ony wonder that, capital and labour (lee to thn I-. ties'.' Outsldo wool and sugar there I.-, tittle iittYnellon for either In tho laish. Sugnr growing is good, to the extent, of the hnmu market, bo- eiinso It Is reserved fnr II; and the price fixed to carry production costs, and a handsome profit. Tim coming of the Italians to the Innlsfnil district provided uti Interesting lesson on pro- 'lection and prlco fixing. The ItaUaoa by their co-oporatlvo methods and In dustrious habits wore able to reduce the '.coifa ml/production, with the re sult -/.'tiki iun'd .Immediately rose In value. . The price lining fixed, the consumers could not gut. the. neiiefti, the Arbitration Court was not ap proached -to allocate It, so the land lord und spueulutoc gnt .nwny with It. lu considering markets the ques tion of -protection cannot be passed over, particularly so, us there Is a growing demand for a tariff wall high enough to keep out. all goads that could he made In Australia. This would necessarily send up the cost of living, und therefore,- the costs of production in the export ' primary In dustries. The farmers complain that owing to growing costs their.) profits every year get less. There;, secnts no escaping tho conclusion tjial. high protection must- be accompanied by farmers' "' pools. ' The rurni'jr'vdpnnot pity', for labour tibd services 'aJ,, Atis. trillion. standards. nud sell nt-.-world'r. parity,' At pl-qsent, those :„<thgaged III secondary Industries nnd tllfr urban populations gefternlly-arti exploiting the farmers, and If we list Hits go on long enough, primary production will bo .reduced lo the capacity or the homo, market, und our empty spaces will grdw bigger nnd emptier. High protected- secondary industries must be nccompanlcd apparently by reduc ed pWinary output, and farmerB' pools having ; Federal range so as to col lect. the extra cost from the Austra lian consumer. Whilst- secondary Industries should be enco'uragoil, first consideration should be given to the primaries until our - population Is' bigger nnd our ter ritory, more effectively occupied. -United' States had over 50.000.000 people when she Introduced the Mc- Klnley tariff. Transportation. . . This gimeratlon has seen wonderful Improvements In transportation, which hnve greatly simplified tho work of settling a Inrge Slute like Queensland, It would require au fcn- glnocr to entertain you with the ro mance of Invention of the age, con nected with transportation. . _ Suffice It to say that the opportunity Is durs through thb present facilities for transportation lo 'develop the natural resources of every district lu Queens- land. If .we can settle our lauds with prosperous settlers, we can have all the,. money wu want., to build rail ways and I'oudu. lint the uout of .tiiiise Is a factor In prosperous set tlement, oh uny . money wasted must be. n bqi'don on the settlers througl) freights, or rules',, "or taxation. Whe ther our .railways shquld be made to pay spflins lo be a party question, hut the more efficiently the lint1!) are managed/ the'' lhwer cilti- be freights, and Hint has a direct bearing on land settlement. Costs control t'rlelghts; freights control Innd' settlement, ahtl Innil settlement controls the destinies of Queensland. With tli» advent of motor vehicles good, roads must become more nnd more necessary lo the successful set- tltng of country lands. The farmer must .be encouraged to ndoijt the beBt economic thelitis of getting Ills goods Lo market' or poll. Wo must not let Hie fact of. BtattMiwhershlp of , , rail ways 'deprive the farmer of good roods. It is settlers and production 'we want; 'fnr more than- -railway divi dends. - Public utilities are Tor tlio convenience of Industries, not Indus tries for the convenience, of public utilities. Labour. An (isscntlnl economic, condition to prosperous settlement Is labour, suffi cient Iti; quantity and suitable In qua lity. We have Bnltl the best settlor Is -tlin 'local born; Ibis Is undoubtedly no, nnd the place for newcomers, for a year or two at least. Is share farm ing, or working on a fnrui or selec tion, gaining experience of the lire and business. Organised unionism alms to lniprovo the lot of the wor ker— a-, very- laudable aim In whiohall good people sympathise. The moan3 adopt ed In Aus tralia for the accomplishment of this laudable aim Is to define thn condi tions of employment in awards hav- lug statutory force,, and to be lu a position to write Statutes rot- 1 tho benefit or tliO 'class tn-gunlBCd labour throws Immense energy und enormous sums Into the political fight. Hut If the Statutes do. tint create tho condi tions which would lead to increased production, the remuneration of lab our eun only be bigger by the share of other pnrlnors In production being less, or if the Industry be it sheltered Industry the additional cost can be passed on und on', to be finally borne by' some unhelped industry. We hnvo iieon that all' Industries except the;-, primary export Industries cnn fin'Hy meet tho demands of lubour, and pass them on to the consumer-, and the consumer, on tho solid grmiudtt of the Increasing cost of liv ing, "can. get a new award and pass on nlso.' All, except the export Indus tries can pass on the nominal in- creases, In wnges; to tho export Indus tries 'tlio additional costs are nctunl costs and nppwur on only one side ol' tho balance sheet, therefore, tho busi ness proposition of a farm, moves lu inverse ratio with the success of or ganised unionism in its alms'; und em ployment on n fnrm affords poor at traction ns compared with employ ment In tho cities. . One- of the .prin cipal worries of thn former Is lack of efficient labour. , .n,„ ; Implements ;and Goods. It will bo useless, to immense laud settlement unless 'we can profitably market the farmer's products. Al ready we produce far more than the needs of the home market; so in creased land settlement must depend on being able to produce for export trade. U is hero where the price of the farnier'.s implements, goods und services enter Into the matter. tr the price of these leaves Hie farmer no profit on the products lie has to export, production must come down lo the home consumption, and any Increase In land settlement then would he out of the question, except per haps' at merino wool growing. We hnvo too ninny people on the Innd now for the home consumption. If we try to Increase the home consump tion by encouraging, !! manufacturing population, we can,.' tjpjyttlldko by higher tariffs, and thatbncgcaaing the costs of the goods' 'and sbi vices needed by the langer would liljl tho export trade outrigjiti Two policies !ii'(i_.o(ieii lo lis — Scltle- mont and '.DeveloiSmenl of our Liflids? with it rapid -Increasi; In population;' or development by high tariffs of our secondary industries with n limitation of settlement, and of farmer's pro ducts lo the needs or the home mar ket, and of course a like limitation of manufactured products. If'tlie latter high tariffs be adopted the fnrmer cun pay anything for his Implements nnd goods, It will only be a matter of pools fixing the price of his products high enough to give him a profit on tho costs of production, as is done, in the sugar Industry; but as In the sugar Industry production must be kept down, und imports prohibited. If it be settlement and development wo want, tho furmer must be assisted to buy his Implements nnd goods as cheaply as possible. For tills pur pose the protection tariff must not be more tliun sufficient to enable local manufacturers to compete on equal terms with foreign manufacturers. '.The Commonwealth Tariff Board de clares that but for the local factories (Mackays and others) farming imple ments would be dearer In Australia tliiin they are. -If so,, the present ' tnrlff Is a benefit to the fnrmor. We all want to see secondary Indus- trle8, but we wont to see -them pro mote nod not retard the effective oc cupation of our vast territory. Our principal want is population; our next, nn uxporl trade to fill up our empty spnees and to meet a growing Interest bill. We have thn territory to tnkc the population, nnd It we keep down costs of production we can have a profitable export trade, hut only of 'raw products 'and ' foodstuffs. We cannot hope to export manufactured goods in any .quantity. Only in rais ing primary produclB for export cun we absorb more people. When- Ame rica raised .liter tariff wnll to reserve- tho American mnrkol for the Ameri can manufacturer, the occupation of her lands showed the point or satura tion to be In sight. Having reached tlmt stage, nnd with a population of over sixty millions she had to look to her secondary industries to ne the principal" avenue tor tno absorption of future growth In population: ' There Is another aspect of tills, question; i .Australia' owes her inde pendence to the British Navy; If she closes her doors to British: goods it must lower the prosperity of the Brit ish people, and we thereby become a voluntary agent. In tho destruction of tire weapon tlmt protects us from In vasion. Wo must make our choice between Empire development ond the risks or Invasion. Nations, like busi nesses, should, not. carry uncovered risks. Sentiment aside, until our population nnd wealth arc much larger, we cannot afford to dispense with ' the protection of the British Navy. Still another aspect— that of the White Australia policy! World's Parity not Fixed by Aus tralian Standards. I will now turn to the political con ditions essential to prosperous settle ment. In studying tho drift to the cities we are convinced it is due lo .'the prosperity of the cities; but what is it makcB. the cities of Queensland 'more prosperous than thu country, where our wealth is produced? Tho National dividend of Queensland is about £60,000,000, or which only about £16,000,000 is from manufac tures nnd possibly butter nnd cheese are included lu that; ao we may safely say nearly tho whole of the National income Is produced In the country dls- . trlots. We exported last year some £16,000,000 (1924), all country pro ducts. We cannot find In our indus tries and' exports anything to ac- . count for tho drift to tho cities. Those would indicate that the economic functions of the people nf Brisbane tire that of forwarding agents, Indent merchants, rvtullers nnd their acces sories. An explanation of the size nnd prosperity of Brisbane must ho sought In tnxntlon, loan expenditure, anil arbitration nwnrds. Taxes must ultimately come out of the Indus tries, therefore the primary producer pays the bulk of them, and they are disbursed mostly at tho seat of Gov ernment, where the Departmental staffs are housed. Leaving out the railways, a considerable proportion of tho loan expenditure or tlio Govern ment nn'd municipalities Is spent In Brisbane and the other cities; there fore, again, the country districts pny tho Interest indirectly, of course, and- tho cities, get the works or buildings. Arbitration awards are passed on by city businesses nnd thereby the filmi er has to pny more for the goods nnd services lie requires. Tlio farmer can pass nothing on. World's purity Is not fixed by Australian stnmlnrils of living. So we see that taxes, loan expenditure and award inerenses fav ourably affect distribution nnd tlio cir culation of money in cities; low luxa tion nnd no borrowing would empty the cities on to the land. We may safely predict that" the grantor tho public revenue, tlio bigger the lonns, the moro generous tho nwnrds- the greater will be tho prosperity In tlio ciipttnl .city, and the harder H will be fur the farmer to niuke n living out of tils farm, becauso with nn export trade the sheltered Industries., will pass nil costs on to the producei/tlml; sells overseas. Thus \ve' nrd pursu- ing n course of bleeding tho country" producer for the- benefit, .of jhe/nfiSfi, producer of the city. It ennnot "mr on; but how, -with tho political power of the cities, it is going to bo slop ped, It Is not. easy .to see. Tho but ter factories of the State report this yenr that they have lihd a record pro duction, but that year by year the profit per lb. returned to tbe lamer grows less and lees. If this con tinues, what must be the result? But ter production wilt decrease, farms be deserted, nnd farmers come to town. A tariff wall high enough to keep out all Importations would not aav" us. Our importations ore only worth £11,01)0,000. Our population is so, small thai the extra labour re quired to supply the limited .- -home market with manufactured goods would not absorb tho farmers thrown, out of .occupation by ruining, the ex-: port trade. . A Right Public Opinion. Tiiii political condition essential to , pr.osp srous land settlement Is ii,, public opinion Hint could rightly tj.tlhiale the- worth of a brisk export 'trido, and Empire . development./ A country with a publict opinion ajainly concerned about Ihe'sttindarfl or liv ing will no) he over anxious, to in- ereake-alts population fcariflg that numbers- -will lower the staKqqrd i|i(j (qhns'liieffpgf iwr, present standard \In-; flic cities "we -'should first satisfy.' ourselves how much of the standard Is due to the State's industrial ef forts now much to city exploitation, or Is artificial, and due to borrowing. By restricting population to. what its richest- lands could sumptuously pro vide for;', a community could doubt less have/the standard It desired, and wns prepared to work for; but If such' a' community goes a borrow- , ing. It must export, nnd when';, -it ex ports its standard or living nnd In-, dusl'rltil efficiency comes Into com petition witli IhOBO of other- coun tries. Australia borrows freely, therefore we must export, and there fore our stundnrd oF living is 'not in our sole control. For Instance, the standard of living of our dalrymnn is largely fixed in efficient Denmaric. Then, i wc':'dara not keep our popula tion down-' to ,liie sumptuous faro of our; flr'shclrtss innds. We are .an; empty, 'country in nn over populated world, and problems of defence must be faced. r.Up to now wo have been mirsed by'-thi stroufith of the British Isles, but with the rise of a mighty naval power in the Pacific only Em- pire development can preserve our Independence, nnd citizens must rea lise that the standard of living Is subordinate to defence. No State would benefit more than Queensland by a sound policy of Empire develop ment. It would give us men and money,' and with land settlement wisely directed we could keep the enrgo ships busy; hut the money must not be spent on palatial build- lrigs in Brisbane, hut on ronds, rail ways, and 'conservation. With peace ful co- oper,ation nnd Industrial eft»» clency. we 'coulil doubtless raise the standard ' ' 6r living coushlorably higher than what it Is now. But our first consideration must he Empire development, or, nltcrnntlvely, u navy that could boss the Pacific. The Administrative Conditions For Prosperous Land Settlement. In the section on economics, 1 have said that, 'the officials cannot bo blamed for the economic and political conditions tiling; but whatever, the conditions, s6und practical knowledge of soils, climate, markets and sales manship (nri) 'essential to get what success is possible out of : the pre vailing conditions. What appears to io wanted is 'a director of laud settle ment. . ' ,, , I. hnvo louichcd on t'ne fnllure of the administration 10 satisfy the local demand. This Is not a recent de fect. It has been " in evidence for twenty years as can be seen by Iho annual reports of the Land Commis sioners. In, view of thu fact tlmt bringing our waste lands into occupa tion nnd productive, use surmounts In Importance all other work of the Department, and 'an Increase In set tlement being universally acknow ledged as the: soundest Indication of progress, a determined effort should bo: made in every district lo over take this invaluable demand. Of course, the economic conditions Hint fnvoui' city callings tnnko the subject most difficult, but those conditions nre artificial and cannot last. Our national Income is derived from pri mary production, nnd our cities must bo satisfied to fulfil their natural economic function without bleeding the wenlth producing Industries in tho country. Land Commissioners should keep In n hook the name and particu lars of every "prospective settler he was unable to place. At the end of overy month a copy of the ontrles in the book should be sent to a Director of Settlement, and tho map or Queensland should be searched lo satisfy every applicant. The local man Is so valuable a settler, that tho personnl touch should bo resorted lo to place him. Present methods are too general and impersonal, and the responsibility tor the work i3 too dis persed. The laws and system nre at fault and they will always he at fault whilst the Slate Is so large. Queens land should bo cut up Into nt least six States, then law making and ad ministration would be in the hands of people wllli practical knowledge of their locality. ,. At present, the out lying districts suffer nil the evils that everywhere accompany absenteeism. Succinctly my argument Is,", the cnuso of the drift to tho cities' Is economic, brought : about by the sheltered position of city businesses, tho volume of public and semi-public employment made ', possible bv .the- facility with whloli' wq"'-, cun borrow money; and, by n pqbltpj opinion . con cerned more tibo'ut lire Titandard ot: living th;uv.lU4,'KrbErMhlVe''fdevelop- ment of our.iuiiju. ; resources, or, problems of- defence," .These econo mic- cnnseqnenccs ..of political mis guidance htivo".,buUf up at)': ' artificial" prosperity In (jib .'.cities,' anil lowered the net returns W tliosp ; engaged .in the export primary Industries. As n consequence the", basic, wage" In the cities is a betterib'usiness 'proposition than a farm Ifi thq'hqjOi;' ". . -The popular 'solutions 'offered- are two; Empire development, and high protection. "The high protectionist falls to tako Into i nccount tho smallnesa . or , the home market,. and; out" inability to .nianvifactm'c'4'otAMLPurt."" Prohibitive tariffs would rtnlucpi.prlm"qfifnd115i6S coiulary prtiduim.'.tp. heC riwuire; nwntsmf.-.tlip hg',mark..;r:',:'>.1''. tlep'rTvAd' of '-- the'i'bisifts.o'-wjjjlll. "feouimerce, - ourSjplftnfttfjKi cp'uid- 'only' Increase at the natufhl"rnte. Then, removing the economic tie to the Em pire would endanger defence. Empire development would give us men and money to exploit our natural resources. A preferential tariff tor our primary products in exchange for a preferential tariff for the Empire's J secondary products. The Empire tin would be strengthened- and our J national safety secured. With our Z wealth produced In the bush the drift to the cities is n p-.-.re indication that j our taxes and industrial conditions are undermining the industries on which ws all depend. In tho ah- 2 sence of special circumstances, such,; for Instance, ns those affecting the,? sugar, industry, all industries snould 2 have to bear the burden of taxation J and national standards equally — all . I should bo sheltered, or, all exposed, i in : any political favouritism be shown- J It should be shown to those Industries wiilch subserve national, welfare. In , Queensland those would reertulnly be J thq wealth producing industries or i tU«:tti&L-i;&».!v » | ' Mr.-'J. J. Macaulay pointed out that , tlie-ifarmer tolls hard in preparing his < iand.':'aud sewing . the seed anq per- , forjiis a considerable amount -ef lab- , 'ourlio produce his crops..,'' Oue'cause > :of failure of rural enterprise- in this , district was the extremely large num- ber of labour conditions which -iad to be observed. Thoro should be 4 some system of insurance; of cro|»s. J Very often a farmer had a good seas- < on, but this was followed by two or J three bad ones. i Mr. Woolcock referred to land i settlement. He said that since the , war a number of soldiers had ..shown < an Inclination to go on the land. They ( were put on land which no one else < .would look at to return any profits, J but still tho soldier was expected to , make good on' this land. It was his j opinion that if a decent proposition , was put to the farmer it would be a < means of slopping the drift to the t cities. It was through the bad seas < ons that a laveg number of the Soldier J settlers at llidgelands had to aban < don the land and attempt to gain em- ; ployraent in- the cities. He again t 'stresscil the point that decent pro- < positions hair to be put forth beroi-e they could make land setetlement a < success, and there was- )io doubt Hint there was need for a- more careful , selection. . Mr. Mawdsloy said tlmt Mr. Alex- , nnder must have put. a considerable i amount of work Into his paper, uu- , fortunately for Queensland, the ten- , doncy in this State was to "grab, j and- In his opinion the dividing up or , the State into smalled parts ivould put a stop to this tendency to grab. Mr. Rhodes sold that ample evi dence of the drift to the cities had been borne out when the cotton rush wns 011 ns ho- had known of persons to come from South Australia to the central district with the Intention or making their fortunes in the industry. Taking a line from American papers 11m conditions of the farmer in;Ameri- ca were worso thgn what they were in Australia. Mr. E. C. Tomkins said that the greatest difficulty In this State was lo find markets. The farmer could not always got a price for Ills pro- duco. . Mr.- Kenna moved a hearty vote or thanks lo Mr. Alexnnder for his ahlo address, which covered a wide area. He advised those present to read the press reports anil digest them., Mr.- Kennu. saiil that it required us much brains for n man to work a farm as it did to conduct a city business. Un til the farmers became educated tliey were not going to be successful. Ho nlso spoke In regard to tho treatment of immigrants who were placed on a farm without any knowledge of the work at all. A vote of thanks to Mr. Alexander was carried by acclama tion. ' In returning thanks Mr. Alexander said that he was pleased with Hie manner in which the paper had been received. 