ROYAL VISITORS. TRIUMPHANT PROGRESS. QUEENSLAND'S ENTHUSIASM. Party Reaches Toowoomba. (BY OUR SPECIAL, ItEl'OltTBlt.) rOOW OqMHA (Q ), Tuesday -Passing over the border into Queensland at half-past 4) o'clock this morning, then Royal Highnesses experienced the first of are available stilts of welcome from the people of Queensland, culminating in a most enthusiastic reception at Toowoomba, where the residents of the Dar ling Downs have flocked to show their loyalty and affection At the Toowoomba Showgrounds this afternoon the Duke and Duchess shook hands w ill more people than on any single occasion since the mines) The men) one of the districts where the Duke and Duchess are making; in Australia would be well utilised out of consideration to their la Royal guests to limit the number of introductions, and, above all to ensure that they are not testified to walk through uncontrolled tree is perhaps the most fatiguing eight t nee of all defeat the aim of nt William pine, on the hot day, a touching incident is noted, exemplify j ting the extraordinary test of back-block residents of the Royal tour Mr C A Hodgson, chief traffic manager' of the New South Wales indians, who sat up all night on the Royal mills in ceaseless vigilance, noted in bom before dawn the headlights of a motor the filling it up an incline fence beside the line many miles from my station This strange light iihiniiiuleil the time, and in its grant to be a man and is woman and two children aiming little kings to the shuttered window ii of the Royal car as it passed in the night At noon comedy Hit town where (Mr V Elliott) more direct the J)uhi! sb o n I'm mci s wife s i til his fine, sturdy station children 11 quietly, ' Find Ah then I lit "All with blue eyes, and the final I have seen' said the Duchess to the mother, who overcome with pride and dilution, tried to shake hands and as two thirds of his family in his arms while the other third bullied dissimilar Reception at the Border. After breakfast on the New South Wales team then Royal Hobart uses crossed the decorated platform and were formally) welcomed In I'liiiusland by the acting, J'lCiiuei (Mr W Holman Smith), time limit for Defence (Senator Sir . William Glasgow) the leading Commissioner (Mr H W Davidson) the State director of the tour (Mr G Pane Harris)), and Lieut Colonel G C Ridley, ADC to the Lieutenant Gov el mr (Mr A M Lemon) J be Speaker of the House of Therese its uses (Sir Littleton doom) joined their fill at Dunkirk and Lady Gloom met the Royal Highnesses at Toowoomba 1 stir in the li huge of the Din line, Details country at Stanthorpe then He had their dresses were demanded by the unit or (C councillor T Smith) that their visit coincided still the center of the dm em on of the Downs in 27th He is explorer Allan Cunningham The welcome to the Bonus girl stated in the sailing outside the Stanthorpe station which ' surrounded b) school (Judah en anal i dents, and in which the Duke and finch ss met ounces of the district and I""' special honour to the returned men and onions and mothers of fallen Killing Duchess Meets Her Golf Teacher V i cullen t, Mr S I'uikibs- near the i cars sought au in an oil action to the Duchess as an old acquaintance 'Do you remember me'' he asked Why), its Ali J'uiki ., who delight in (golf in Ilaiiipslmc when I was a Bill" said the Duchess with the Right Rev old colt teacher told her that he was the proof the Stanthorpe but s As she met ell on the Duchess turned and said I would Idle another lesson ' Win mel filliped an even more callous sister colonies In the brilliant sunshine the scene With all mines and animation After inspecting. the Light Horse escort the Royal put) made a brief tour of the town Though the clouded streets On the harbour, when they returned Cale dozen events were started the well ears were deafened by the efforts of a Highland pipe band and the might) chants of their drum major The Duke lune it with for title "All Scots" he asked politely of the iii um lines "All of us even though we were all born in Australia. was the reply Queensland People's Affection Clifton' residents confirmed the impression that the Royal tour through Queensland was to be as great a success as that in New. Soulk'-Willen. "This is a splendid opening 'triumph," remarked Sir Littleton Cal room. we have had unprecedented scenes of loyalty to-day, and look forward, to their Royal Highnesses receiving a 'magnificent demonstration of the people's affection. all through this State." At Clifton their Royal Highnesses met n Danish pioneer, Mr. Hendrickson, aged 38 years, who arrived in: Australia in one of the first immigrant ships. He told the Duke that 63 years. ago he was one of the guard of honour, to Princess Alex- andria of Denmark when she left Copen licence to marry King Edward VII., then Prince of Wales. No country centre so far has eclipsed toowoomba in the enthusiasm of the top of we Leonie Special trains had brought the Darling Don iib residents from near and far and there was a great love of greetings from 10,000 people congregated beat the railway station in the pieces sion through the decorated and eels the Royal the stopped to allow the Duke and Duchess to leave of with at the soldiers' meillon ii At the show gi omits 5,000 children -welcomed their Royal Highnesses with ellems, while 15,000 people serenaded around the grounds shouted then welcome Motoring to Picnic Point then Royal Highnesses looked over the wonderful panorama of the 'Toowoomba Ranges in the setting sun At the Club Hotel, there then Royal Highnesses spent the night, they entertained at a pi nita dinner Sir William Glasgow, the mayor and mayoress of Too Woomba (Alderman and Mrs. T D Annand), the Commissioner of li nil uni s (Mr Dm idson), Sir Littleton and Lady taroom -uni Mr Pape Hiinif) Late in the evening of the Returned Soldiers' Club the Duke, who was accompanied by the Full of Cavan "-as linden well White and Major Nugent spent a thoroughly enjoyable half hour, smoking a huge elgin and chatting to the i stud noil men, to some of whom he related was ox pictures, salute be asked many questions i regarding the constitution and aims of the i.iMiiusntioii About 60 members cheered him eiitbiiKiiistitnlli on Fleming, singing Its n Mu) Wm Hall of the Allies' Though he had promised only to drop in at a height pay for Junee at the Town Hall in aid of the funds of the Relat and Soldiers'' League His Royal Highness sat in the back stalls for half an hour the ing the fields chain and a sum nig stage fight believer- line and William Ho and enthusiastically cheered li) the institute adult members of the amateur cast peeped from the w pigs and joined in the three men 'Their Royal Highnesses will leave Toowoomba in the Royal him to morrow morning, and will arrive in Rubbing at 3 o'clock Royal Issues Sent by Aeroplane UKISHANE Veresdale -The Royal party was keenly niiprefcintii e of the enterprise of the Com- for me dear pi mt; a special Royal issue' by aeroplane in time to use the tram at the bottom The Duke said - It is very good for ion an able to write so much about as I do not know it must have hard work A leading] mill ish join mists were (Mimili) impressed with the ex petition with which the paper was deep red, and a small! al that they had never seen a better production HOLIDAYS FOR CHILDREN Extra Week at Easter IOCmOOMB V (O ) Im.ilii.-_.ii call out every demonstration of welcome in the West all in tom as well as in New Zealand the children bale shirts participate 1 engaged in the welcome to the Duke and Duchess As in (expression and then for he (had inn of the children's clinic then Royal llit.liiif.-sci> line asked His 1 Week hence the Governor Geuer d find stone lime) to in i in., for an fitted neck is high but and sister of the mind to all school -hila.ila_.il throughout Australia A reply) was. received In the Duke to right Billy Lord Stum li ii last allies, that ills, La. remedies could mainly for the holiday to be granted in all "States- is requested by their Koa al Highnesses VICTORIAN TOUR. AMENDED PROGRAMME, Visits to Bendigo and Geelong;., By a slight iciiiaugeine'iit of the itinerary originally planned for the visit of the Duke and Duchess of York to Victoria, it has been possible to in range for Mbits to the cities of -engine and Geeliini! Though these will be only of brief dm allow, the hope was expressed officially yesterday) that there would be a a motor appreciation that the best use had been made of the additional day made available li) the decision of His Excellency the Governor (Lord Somers) to forego the State Ranken party arranged for Thursday), April 28 the State Director of the Royal visit (Mr S Whitehead) said yesterday) that advice had now been received from the Federal authorities that the recommendation of the State Cabinet sub-committee that April 28 be occupied by a visit to Northern A Victoria, including Bendigo had been accepted by the Duke of York I Short stops of 1)) minutes each would be made at the Kyne ton and Instituting indust stations It was expected that the Hoard put) would reach Rendido about 2 o'clock in the afternoon and return to Melbourne about half-past 6 o'clock That would allow a stay of about one born at R indigo I he times, hoiiuu.weii oula approximate On the return join ne) of their Royal Hil,hiieM>cfi s from Adelaide on May 7 ashore stn) would be made at Geelong, month) for one hour Itilhiint would be visited on the join noa to Adelaide - 1 -pluming the changes in the mo gumnut Mr "l\ Whitehead said that there ubi net sub committee, in making the late inundation in regard to Bendigo, had had a new that the city but the capital of Northern Victoria It had been considered that many people in the north who would he unable to visit Melbourne during the Bill in visit of duld probably be able to to in to to Bendigo It was, so far, under steam whether the Duchess of York would at Empire the Duke to Bendigo, but it is as considered back) As the i nut to Geelong would be on the return of our Adelaide the Duke?-, would almost certainly) participate in and lemons is managed in that city The Premier (Mr Allan) who is it M Dunn yesterday expressed satisfaction with the umfciidmoiits to the programme he was disappointed that the i rangements could not be made for a nut to the uri gallon on cars but i cabled that that had been impossible Head of River Race. Questioned in; milk- i su. gestion Hut on May 7 it might be practicable for the Duke and Dm hiss of York to remain in Geelong stitlieieutb long to witness the public schools' Head of the River boat area on that day, Mr Whitehead said that no meaning in it in that direction had been asked for The Royal party) will leave for Canberra on that afternoon Although the details of the past)-, visit to (shillings have not yet been announced, it is understood that the special train will leave Melbourne about 3 artillery on the afternoon of May 7, the hour at which the ince m tiMialli decided 'Mr. L A Adamson, and rumble of Wesley College, said last night that he felt certain that if the Duke and Din hess desired to see the lace, some slight alteration in the arrangements for it could be made Pleasure in the Country. He VDIGO. Tuesday -'The inclusion of Bendigo in the funeral) of the country tour of the Duke and Duchess of ' York has given unbounded satisfaction here Arrangements are to be made for special trains to be able to sterilise flour nil Northern Victoria than a sound border railways in the ninth The Bendigo City Council will make special preparations, and will seek the enuncia- tion of the annual business lillies and of ganisations in providing for a great public in detail, to the Royal visitors A special demonstration will be given by the children of the combined schools of the district immediate arrangements mc to be made for shell is of a funds and organised displays Gl.rLOXf}, 'Tuesday) -Pleasure is ex pressed in the inclusion of Geelong in the placing) of the Duke and Duchess of York It 'The may or (Councillor Solomon) will at once make the necessary arrangements for a popular demolish ation Although dealings) morning is not the best time for such an ci cut the visit will n n cinemas is with the final (day of the public schools' great event, the level of the Kut el. and hundreds of visitors will doubtless, join in the Geelong welcome to the Duke and DikIilss It is possible that the programme will include a visit to one of the public schools and a line through the city Councillor Solomon to-night expressed his pleasure that Geelong had been included in the programme. and hoped that citizens would make a demolish ation it on thy of the city and district TRAMWAY MEN'S, CLAIMS.- A . Extra Pay for Four Days.. Representatives of the Tramway Employees Association, consisting of Messrs. J. V. O'Connor (president), T. Jewell (general secretary), J. Abfalter (secretary of No. 2 branch), and A. J. Stapleton, interviewed the manager of the Tramways Board (Mr. A. D. Murdoch) yesterday to discuss the claims of the union for extra payment during the visit to Melbourne of the Duke and Duchess of York. The board had recently agreed to pay extra rates equivalent to time and a half for one day during the visit. The union delegates again submitted their request, for additional payment for four days, their contention being that, owing to the increased traffic and the strain through the congestion, as well as the breaking up of thcjdiiflB, the men deserved, greater recognition. It was also urged that during the progress of procession on the day of arrival all the trams on the St. Kilda road section passing through the city would be held up for at least three hours, and other cars, instead of "through routing," would only have short runs, thus interfer- ing with meal times. The deputation informed Mr. Murdoch There in Sydney, when a public holiday was proclaimed, the men hat! a tiny added to their annual leave, which really meant double pay They had also been promised that, should the tramways, returns warrant it, their claims for extra pay would be considered, Mr, Murdoch promised to place the representations of the union before the main lines of the board at its meeting to-morrow. Canberra Broadcasting CANBERRA Tuesday - 1 mail arrangements are being made for broadcasting the speeches li) the Duke of "i oils at the opening of Federal Parliament House next month Outside Parliament House engi news bait completed the installation of the army which will connect the micro phone to the bank hues to Sydney and Melbourne. The Hunk tell phone services between Canberra and the two capital cities will be suspended during the cue more the lines and emu the speeches to the broadcasting studios in Sydney and Melbourne where they) will be rumbled and i elm) ed to Brisbane and Adelaide's spectacle) Pi i th and Hobart will not be included in the circuit the installation of the connecting wires in the Senate Chan him, also completed The seat, which will be sung b) D uno Nellie Melba will also be be cause ist Omissions From Guest List CAMe RRA Inesdii - Residents me ideas regarding the fact that the list of official guests at the opening of Federal J'arluimi at House but he Did e of York does not contain the name of the chief engineer of the ! federal Capital Commission (Mr H P Owen) mill of Mr J Goodwin limiting sin a long net or of the C nniiioiiiieullli It is thinned that Ah Owen and Mr footballer who did much of the spirit work at Canberra t should have been limited to the ceremony 