Weddings at Sea Lovers' Latest Craze . Wedding, . golng-away, honeymoon — everything at aca ! Moro and more does tho romance of such an arrange- m&ht; 'appeal to young couples, and every year there 1b an increase in the number' o f marriages celebrated aboard (writes it former ship's officer' in "Tit-Bits"!. Miss Nora Buyes was married (for the -. fifth time) on the Leviathan In mid- ocean, nnd the cartoonist, Mr. .Bud Flslicr, was an ocean bridegroom. Last year -there wns such a flock of bridal couples on Atlantic boats that tho United > States Shipping Board' ordered their, captains to celabrute no moro marriages. Usually, ocean weddings come about by chnnce rather than design. Three English girls Crossed ' the Atlantic ns soco'nd-clnss passengers to meet their future husbands, who held .positions in New York. When the brldcs-elect reached that city, they were not allowed to land,; becauso they Were -unaccompanied. Not wiahlng to re- .turn to. this- country, they went, with the matron of tho immigration bureau, .to the City Hall, where tlioy obtained marlago lieenccs. Returning to the ship, they were joined by the husbands- elect, and three weddings, took place in (ho .secondrciass passengers' library. -The couples subsequently formed a club, .and agreed to meet every year. . .No less' remarkable was the love drama of a couple of elopers who we're making for New York as fast . as a crack British liner could carry them. Suddenly a horrible' thought occurred .to- the '.man. Supposing the girl's, father should. send a message i ' After spend-, liig an anxious night, ho consulted the ienptnin, who proved himself a .'good , friend. - ... ' Through, his . influence, a minister' among the passengers made the run away couple man und wife in' mid- ocean, tlio skipper Acting as best man, :nnd the surgeon giving tho bride away. . In honour of the event the commander gavo a wedding breakfast'- and led the merrymaking. A romantic wedding was celebrated during, a Mediterranean tour.- -'When the . boat was a 'day or two out a couple, both British, met on deck for the first 'time, nnd a week later- a minister on board' married them. The brldo yvas given away by the flrst offi cer, and in tho evening a dance was held on the saloon (leek. Thero should liavo been a similar wedding ns a ship crossed tho Equator, but it lind to be postponed. An Irish- man and nn English widow of twenty- three become acquainted during a holi day' cruise, and under tho shadows of Pompeii, with tho dazzling Italian sky overliond, they arranged to .he married as the ship crossed the line,..' There' was no difficulty about getting somebody to celebrnto the ceremony, ns an arch deacon on board offered his services. For sonic reason.howovor.tlieacaptain was not sympathetic, and the weddlng- had to bo postponed, though It did take, place at sea. In connection with some ocean wed dings, Cupid plays str.ange pranks., Two or' three years ago a young woman left Liverpool for. Now York,- there to join and be married: to a man she had' known from., childhood! ., Short ns the voyage is. It wns long enough for her to full In love with another fnnn, marry him, and qtep ashore lit Now York," a wlto of two days. Her old lover met her, and there was a distressing scene. It is unnecessary to go far from our. shores to witness weddings at sea. Many holiday-makers must hnve seen a small steamer, su6h as a tug, at a time when, unknown to them, n mar riage -was taking pined' aboard. The scene Js usually just outside ter ritorial waters on the north-east coast, and the parties are as a rule Scan dinavians. Sonic years -ago a Nor wegian Couple living in Sunderland! wishing to marry- under tho laws of their native land, chartered a tug-bout 'and put out to sea with a large party. When (heir craft was outside the three- mllo limit, and therefore beyond British jurisdiction, ' a Scandinavian pastor celebrated the wedding, which was registered by the Norwegian consul. Another Scandinavian cohplo could not marry in England because thev hud not acquired - residential qualification. Tho bridegroom, -who was the captain of a steamer, hired' a tug, and he and Ills promised wife steamed beyond the three-mile limit/where thoy were mar ried by a Danish' pastor. Afterwards they left for Sen hum Harbour, whero the captain's steamer lay. While these weddings are mostly peculiar to the north-east coast, some have taken place from Swansea and oilier ports. If they do not conform to tho average bride's idea of the. chief event of her life, tlicy save time and. more ioiportant still, avoid legal com- pllcntloiis. 