MIGRATION POLICY TWO ONE-SIDED' Danger of Unemployment DANISH MERCHANT ADVOCATES NORDIC STOCK That our migration problem is bcins wrongly handled and is al together "too one-sided,'' is the opinion of Mr Martin Selmltz, one. of the Danish principals of Karl bchultz ct Co., which is one of the biggest importing firms In Scandinavia and Central Europe spe cialising in British goods. Mr Schultz, who is staying at the Oriental, is adviser to the Commercial Attache of tho British Legation In Copenhagen on Danish and CJerman trade subjects and lie hopes to he of j service to the Trade Commissioner here in extending commercial rela tions between Australia and Denmark. lie supports tho view of Mr Theo dore Fink, whom he met in C o p enlin gen, that the surplus population of Britain should not alone bo re lied on to till Australia. % " A CLOSED COUNTRY" "We, in the Northern States of Europe, " said. Mr Schultx, "ful ly realise that it is ihtportant lor England to get rid of some of IIVI Mil I'llih i population by getting them settled in Australia and New Zealand and elsewhere, but on the other hand they seem to bo handling this important matter in a too one-sided manner. "A great majority of tho English immigrants who aro at present ar riving in this country have been out j of work and on the dole for some i years, and although it must bo ad- | milted that most of these dole cases s are genuine and the men have been | unable to obtain employment, there is a certain danger in monopolising Australia for people who have got out of tho way of doing active work, but lived on the dole for a considerable tlnto. "The Australian and English tax payers spend millions on the immi gration question every year, and it Is my firm opinion that llio men hand ling this important question of immi gration should also look towards Scandinavia and the northern terri tories oC Germany, as well as Hol land, from where they would get a spU<uUd type of farmers, laborers, and also cheap domestics. "Australia is a closed country, more or loss, to emigrants from thoso other nations, as they must pay their full faro to Australian ports and are obliged to land with £41) in their poc kets, which, of course, is more or less an impossibility for a young farm laborer or domestic from Scandinavia, Germany or Holland, on account of the low wages and low cost of living ruling in those countries. FOREIGN BUSINESS TRAINEES "Canada long ago hod its eyes opened to immigrants from these countries, and through cxteuslvo ad vertising propaganda and ugents have induced the surplus from theso na tions to settlo in Canada, which tliey can reach for a minimum cost of £3 a head and guaranteed employment on tho oilier side." Mr Sehultz. who spent seven vears in England during and after the'war. said that the present serious state of unemployment in England would not alter so long as the British Govern ment adhered to its war-time Home Otlico restrictions, and prevented young foreign business men from tak ing up employment in England, oven if the British firms did not offer them any wages. These young men. lie presumed, wero being kept out of the country because of the fear of Bolshevism, and the fact that there were nearly 2,000,000 unemployed in England, "In pre-war days, however," ex plained Mr Sehultz, "it was the cus- fulB l\T hliultfnuc tm,n nil nt»n M ,6. . world to send their sons and leading members of their staff to special busi ness connections in Groat Britain to finish off their commercial training. J fi.OOO.OOO HERMITS REFUSED "Sinco 1014, 5,000,000 young husi- : ness men have been refused permits : to land in Britain anil work, even without pay, to complete their com mercial training. Tho result is that theso young men, who would have been good ambassadors for Great Britain have gone to America, Ger many and elsewhere. "Great Britain will lose tho good will atul custom of this young genera tion of business men from all over the world. It must appear obvious that to continue such a narrow-mind ed policy close on ten years after tho war, must be suicidal in the long ; run." "SPEND TOO ITIEEIA" Though deeply impressed with "this wonderful country," and its scenic beauty, Mr Sehultz thinks that wo spend too freely, and that tho cost of living is extremely high. "I noticed, from last month's statis tics," ho said, "that your imports were three millions In excess of your ex ports. That state of a Hairs cannot go on in a country like Australia. You cannot continue to pour liquid cash out of tho country unl live on bor rowed money. "It would be a great help if your people would eat loss of your own products ami thus leave a larger sur plus for export. Australians, I notice, are the largest consumers of butter in I the world. That is a serious state of a flairs for a butter- producing coun try. Denmark is the largest pro ducer atul exporter of butter in tho world, but in that country the farm ers, as well as the middle class, con sider that they cannot afford to eat butter. "The result is that Denmark gets the utmost possible value out of its only export articles. If the people of Australia could be taught the mar garine habit it would mean a national saving of at least £1.000,000 a month." DIRTY STREETS? The only drawback, Mr Schultz finds with Melbourne, is that tho streets do not appear to him to bo washed and cleaned thoroughly dur ing the night and are therefore dirty and dusty and a danger to health. He also holds the view that Austra lia will never be on the map with tourists until the voyago from Europe is cut down by at least 10 days and tourists nro taken overland and not "dumped 'in the large cities. Tho Princes Highway, he considers, is ono of tho sights of the world. Mr Martin Schultz. 