ITEMS OF INTEREST. Of the 42 Queens of England, begin- ittg with the Conqueror's Wife, Matilda, of Fhindeis, n.nd ending With Queen Alexandra, 11 hit vo . been French or Norman, 10 English,; six German, five Spanish, three Danish, tlireo Flemish, while Scotland) Bohemia) Italy and Per.'- cugai nave contributed one apiece. Fishormon off Marseilles hauled in with their -catch, two superb Oriental vases, over 3. feet high, "and weighing about a owt. each. Tlicy appear to have Iain on the sea bottom for many centuries. One expert assigns thorn to the time when Greek and Roman ships fought off Marseilles, 2,000 years ago. The renovation of the hull of H.M.S. Victory has been finished, and arrange ments have: been completed for the final resting-place of Nelson's old flag ship, against a concrete wall, to; bo built in the oldest dry dock in the .....1.1 C..JU '..ii , v in i,i,. uuiib .ib x-orDsmout.it uy iionrv viii.' ; At the- Danish' .Automobile Club a speaker praisbd the present feminine mode of wearing bright silk stockings. They wore moro. visible- at night'-. than' the rear - red . lights .of cyclists or the glow of cignrcttes. Women' who -wore lark stockings . had only themselves to thank , if they were - run over. The children wore; writing an . essay, pn Burns 's "The- - Cotter's Saturday. Night,'.' and one boy 'described- tho worker's return after the day 's , -work in' these words:— "Tlie cotter came home to his cheerfu l wife and his hjiiiking lire," which has a somewhat different moaning .'from the original 'his woo bit iuglo blinkin ' ' bonnily. ' ' . , Dr. TViiliaih Bcebo, director of tropi cal research for' the New- York Geo logical Society, who has already thrown much' light on the fauna nnd -llora/ of the Pacific, intends to devote some time to a; ' ' close-up ' ' study . of the shark,' about which ho makes the start ling assertion that " hot tnor.e than 'six cases on record of sharks attacking liumnn beings." America may well bo called the melt ing pot of the peoples of . tho world-. At least 1,000,000 persons Toad the foreign '' language newspapers in New York. Within sight of the immigrant station at Ellis Island, where the melt- ing-pot first begins to boil, there are published daily newspapers in 23 dif ferent tongues.'- Their combined circu lations indicates that one out of every six New Yorkers reads a paper 'print ed in a foreign language. Broadcasting has begun in tho'Parlia mont of Finland. On the first night of its instalment a country M.P. spoke at great length about bacon. One of his constituents 100 miles away, found the spcoch too long and tedious. While the rural, M.P; was still speaking lie was astonished to receive a long-distance telephone message from the wearied constituent:—' ' Shut up';' or you won 't be returned at tho next election! " The 10 most popular names in Ameri ca are John,; William, James, Charles, Gebrge, Thomas, Henry, Robert, J osephi, and Edward. In an average list of 1,000,000 names; John appears 8,2S0 times; .William,; 7,611; James, 4,528; Oharles, 4,253; George, 4,171; Thomas,- 710;. Henry, 2,366; Robert, 2,308; Jo- sopl>; 2,266;' ahd'''Edi¥!iVdj T','997 times. Names of average popularity, are Leon ard, Nathan, and Norman, which range, as numbers 65,' 66, and 67 respectively on tlio list. ' One morning when Elizabeth was Queen and - Oxfordshire bricklayers ivero assembling the bricks for tho con struction of a beautiful gateway to As cot House, Stiidliampton, a big mastiff planted .his forcpaw deep in one of the hi'ic-ks, whero the mark remains to this day. The stone gateway, with its love ly lSth-century ironwork, has been giv en by Sir Paul Makins to the Victoria and Albert Museum, South Kensington', whcre.it is being built up in the west hall. The brick with the imprint of lie Mastiff's pad (3in by 3in.) will he placed in a glass case/near by. Field-Marshal Lord Methuen lias joined the company of distinguished men who lia-ve been able to road their own obituary notices,, for a few weeks ago a south Airmail paper was nanae.c ro him announcing his dcaltli. "It was a long, and charming appreciation,"- says his lordship. "It told how Delarey and. I fought each other in the South African war, always fairly and square ly, and became bosom friends after wards." Lord Methuen wrote to tho editor expressing his appreciation of the panegyric, but informing him thai, lie is still alive. Five fossilised eggs of the bronto- saurus, a monster reptile, 90 feet long, that weighed 40 tons, have, been found in North America for the first time, L. Volney Stevens, a mining engineer, discovered the treasures in a rich set ting of silver and lead. Mr. Stevens reports that- lie fo2ind the eggs in a canyon cut' 6,000 "feet bv the Yaqui River in the State of Sonora, Mexico, They were about the size of ostrich eggs, and were in the process of hatch ing. . Each contains the fossilised em- bryo of an elephant-like animal of the dinosaurus group, with a well-formed trunk. No such partly -hatched speci mens were ever found before. - Lord Inchcape, speaking at the an nual meeting of the P. and O. Co. re cently in London, said that the com pany had to replace among other items during last year 92,977 wine glasses and tumblers, and no fewer than 276,7S7 cups, plates, and saucers to make good breakages, while the re placement of linen has run into a fab ulous sum. "They tell me," Lord Inch- cape added, "but I can't believe it, that at the end of a voyage pillow slips arc frequently utilised by ladies when packing up, to make boot rags. I mentioned this to a ladv the other evening, anil the reply I got was: — 'VThat an excellent idea! I never thought of it.' I was sorry I bad spok en. One man, I know for a fact, not long ago cut up two hed-shcets to make a fancy dress for a dance." Cooking by heated metal discs is the latest novelty for the housewife. A demonstration of this form of "fuel- less" eookery was given recently in London (says the "Daily Chronicle'!), and the result was verv successful. The inventor, Mr. L. D, Ascoli, claims that his system saves fuel, labor, anil tunc; conserves nutrition amf ilavor, reduces costs by 25 per cent., and makes for betfer "food values. On the gas or electrie lire the metal discs are heated to a point when they will scoreh a piece of paper. Then they are dropped into a metal vacuum oven, and the meat and vegetables, placed into a cage which fits into the heated "tank." They eau be left there until they are cooked. There is no burning or over heating. Even if left for a long time- after they are ready for consumption, the foods do not become over-oooked or unpalatable. 