TRADE REVIEW. NATIONAL POSITION. "Deep-seated Uneasiness." unfavourable Australian Prospects. LONDON, July 30. The Stock Exchange opened with a fair amount of liveliness, but the approach of the holiday became a dominant factor, and generally quiet markets ensued, but pi ice facts maintained with a mu prising degree of strength. Gilt-edged securities are very firm, with tonic recently issued! colonial (Stocks in steady demand. The movement of exchange to 1-33 discount against Australia is attributed to a material reduction in the London funds of Australian banks. This party seasonal development has assumed unusually large proportions owing to Australia's recent heavy purports while the outlook for the coming Australian export season is less favorable, owing; to the severe drought in some dis trials. Commentators derive cold comfort from Vic position of national trade as revealed in the Units of Commons by the President t«f thc¿,JDoníiJ of Trade (Sir Philip Oin liffe-LiStéi-).", Tho "líconcsniisl" says that the most' notable feature of the debate was the revelation of deep-seated uneasiness among antipathies. The volume of net imports in the first quarter of 1927 came to 33- per cent., and that of the second quarter to 127 per cent., of the 1913 figures, while exports in the same periods were only 2.T and 78.5 per cent, respectively of the 1914 figures. Britain's adverse trade but iiiRu haslet own from £70,000,000 in the just half of 1913 to £209,500,000 this year. The "Economist" expresses the opinion that the nation is living on invisible re- ceipts! to more significant extent than before the war, resulting in lower capacity to make capital investments abroad. Factories for Australia. The (Yorkshire Toil" thinks that the Commonwealth Minister for Customs (Mr. Pratten) is over-optimistic in regard to the possible rVponsc by British manufacturers to the invitation to open branch, factories in Australia, and says that there is a feeling in industrial circles that Australia, for the time being, would be better advised to develop its purchases of British manufactures. Industrialists are most willing to examine carefully the prospects of establish ing Australian branch factories, but have told Mr., Pratten that the necessary long credits cannot at present be obtained. The result of the recent Commonwealth loan is regarded as ominous for those seeking further credits for Australian enterprises, and there. are doubts to belber Australia's rate of immigration will warrant the immediate building of branch factories in Australia at the heavy first costs that would be entailed. Reorganising Wool Trade. The first wool sales i created the sound pt Riding of law material. The home trade sash the largest buyer, taking Dß,700 bales, (.«nipaicd.tTith 49,000 by the Continent of I'm one. Nevertheless, the manufacturing end of the trade is far from satisfactory, values being far too much standing machinery. This condition of affairs has been so prolonged that it has given rise to a search for a heroic remedy. Cones providence in the yorkshire press shows a glowing opinion that the industry needs year ganisation in the direction of collective actionable is burdened with a multiplicity of small, firms sending up costs by the frequent handling of goods, with numerous profits between the raw material and the -finished fabric. The combination of all jjiiocessos.uiider single management, collect valve advertising, and a search for trade are tracing advocated by influential circles. j HealtWr Butter Outlook, ' . 'had: iii'AwBtialiaa^and issue Zealand matter has been dÍKÍppoíñtíng in the last ?jSpionth, chiefly owing to heavy supplies of j'l'mupcan descriptions. Production in ÏJ-Jnopc has been maintained to the "flush" Jjxiuit much longer than usual. Owing to lascars rain?, Germany has not taken her normal share of Danish butter, and this has insulted in heavier shipments of that butter is London. It is interesting to note that Denmark forestalled speculators by the recent act compelling casks to be stamped with the date of manufacture, thus on forcing immediate marketing. Australian and New Zealand butters seem, however, to have touched bottom, European supplies this week began to show a reduction all round. Stocks' in cold stores are below those of last year, and the outlook for the immediate future presents a healthier aspect. Settling the "Meat War." The "Investors' Chronicle" understands that a definite agreement has been reached among the various companies concerned in the Argentine meat war. The Anglo Dutch undertaking will be closed, deeper in stage of exports being distributed among the remaining smaller firms, Vestey's, and American packers having adjusted their differences long ago. All companies remain 5's in the trade have undertaken to find among them £90,000 a year for six years to pay the Anglo-Dutch company's interest on debentures. The only remaining differ filly is freights on which the Conference Ijnoi and Vestey's Blue Star have not reached agreement. _ 