Sons of the Seven Mile An Australian novel of Country & City Life by Zora Cross The Story So Far We see the members of the Markham family mak ing preparations for the journey to Goldville, a hundred miles away. Ernest Markham, formerly a butcher in Brisbane, has gone ahead to make a home for the family, taking little Dave with him — it is the early 'gold-rush days of Queens land. — and Emmy, with her three small girls, is travelling in a spring-cart driven by her bro ther Ralph, while her brother George is to take up the cattle. The little party meets with various ob stacles, and the news of the hard journey and ummys struggles to get through- nas so surrea me hearts of the Goldville people that they have deter mined, to give her a royal welcome. Just before reaching the Humpy Mountains the husband ar rives, having ridden across- covntry to meet his family. He tells them that he has left little Dave with the blacks, but that he is quite safe, and adds that they will have to hurry along as quickly as possible, because it is reported that the notorious bushranger Palmerly is on the road. The next morning Palmerly joins thorn, pre tending that he has come from Brisbane and is going to try his luck at the dinging*. But Ernest becomes suspicious, and he and Ralph suddenly seize him and tie him up. He protests that he in not; Palmerly. but 'Flash Harry' and when the party arrives at Goldrille the pleasure of the Markhams at the warmth of their reception is spoiled by the hilarity with which the miners greet their prisoner. For to them he is known only as 'Flash Harry:' they arc ignorant of the fact that he is identical with the famous bushranger. .So Palmerly ?is allowed to go free. Ralph stays on the field-, but the others con tinue their trek towards the. farm that Ernest has chosen. On arri val, at the cleared space in the forest they are joined by Dave, and the travellers soon settle down. CHAPTER III. Life is a web with many broken ends — Then why, 0 friend, be s-ad? Good is not near so good as it pre tends, Bad is not half so bad. VICTOR .1. DALEY. DAVE MARKHAM, tall for his years, was riding into Hill borough in the late afternoon. It was nine years since he had first come to the mining field. Then, known as Goldville, it had been a col lection of tents and huts. Now it was a town. With the changing of its name Goldville had ceased to be an alluvial field, and had become a deep level field. Dave was in a somewhat desperate mood, and a girl was at Hie bottom of it. His rather soft grey eyes, his brown face, his good strong: mouth, which was hidden by a moustache, were all looking- somewhat grim and bitter. Ho had a rope under his sad dle, and if he could get the 'Golden Girl' no other way he was going to carry her off. ride to Brisbane with her, and marry her there. The 'Golden Girl' was an actress singing at the Golden Nugget saloon. Dave was one of half-a-dozen suitors, all of whom she had promised to marry. Dave knew his rivals fairly .well. There were big Andy Blake, 'Kid Glove' Charley Regan, Sandy McPhie, and' 'Flash Harry,' besides big Red Morgan himself, who owned the saloon. Dave had a feeling that of all her suitors-Ruth pre ferred him. Billed as the. 'Golden ' Girl' and the 'Girl of a Thousand Songs, '.Ruth, as Irish as a shamrock, yet as pretty as a rose, had; endeared herself for nearly five months to all Hillborough. Ruth was the toast of the town. She had eyes as blue as the -sea, and her hair mocked the gold, it was so bright and yellow. Dave's love for her had sprung up suddenly. He had been sitting in the hall, smoking and 'playing draughts with Regan ' and - Blake and McPhie, when Ruth came on the stage singing a song about a rose, a rose behind her ear. She flung the rose at him after the song1, and, catching it, he seemed to catch something so precious that he could not let it go again. His mother and father had no idea that he was riding away from home. to return to it with a girl, an actress, whom both disliked just because she was an actress. Now of age, Dave had no thought of his parents. He would fight for Ruth, and he would win her. To-night, unless she, consented to marry him will ingly, he meant to carry her off, and had made all pre parations. Two black- boys were wailing- -with horses ami 'Dave's grip on her ivrists tightened.' pack-horses at the old Brisbane road for him. He did not care that Palmerly, who had disappeared some years ago and had recently returned, was reported to be in the vicinity. He feared no man. Wherever he was in the bush, he knew how, by a call, to summon the blacks to him, or if they were not anywhere within call to send a message by smoke and fire signs. Usually some of them wore within call. Intimate knowledge of the bush had made Daw Markham strong and commanding. He bad a kingliki look about him, and a? he rode into Hillborough, buns up bis horse at the blacksmith's shop, and then saun I r-red into Morgan's hotel, there was none there who was not proud to be his friend. 'Plash Harry. '' looking elegant in his silk shirt and tweed trousers, a black silk handkerchief about his neck and a broad red sash around his waist, eyed Dave un easily as he entered the hotel. Since the day Dave's father had brought him to the town 'Flash Harry,' alias Palmerly, had taken care to keep away from the man with the seeing eyes. He had always feared his son. For Dave, too, had grown up possessing the seeing eyes. Carrie Larsen, barmaid at Morgan's, leaned over the bar and, knowing that Dave never drank anything, said: 'Have you heard anything about Campbellwefl, Dave?' '?They got. him, didn't they?' Dave replied. 'Flash Harry' said. ;is Carrie served him wilh whisky: 'They'll never catch Camp bell well. The police are as slow as snails.'' Dave glanced quickly at ' Flash Harry.' He would have picked a quar rel wilh him for nothing; but Regan, McPhie, and Blake strolled arm-in-arm into Hie bar al the moment, and Dave went away. SANDY MrPHIE, who liked Carrie, was a small sandy-haired Scotch man, who, quick 1o see the possi bilities in Hip nch farming land about the goldfield. had recently laken up a large section of land. Carrie liked him, but. not well enough to marry him. Charlie Began, the slight, blue -eyed Irishman, she liked heller: but be had eyes for no one but Ruth Dug-gan. Big Andy Blake she considered a large overgrown child. His eyes had a blue baby look about them, and he looked all legs, he was so huge. Andy came from the North of Ireland, and because he -and Began were so lucky together a remarkable friendship had sprung up between the two young immigrants, which seemed likely to he shaken now through Ruth Duggan. The bar was soon so noisy with talk that Carrie could not hear one speak for the other. Slight and fair-haired Carrie was dis tressed over the appearance of a second bushranger named Campbelhvell, he cause her sister Agnes was coming; to Hillborougli by the next coach. 'What luck to-day?' she asked hi? Andy. 'Luckiest day of my life,' Andy re plied. Sandy, beginning to get, merry and talkative, held his finger to his lips. 'Sli!' he said; 'don't tell anyone, Car rie. Andy's going to marry blue-eyed Susan if Bulb turns him down.' The mention of Ruth, who was at that, moment making up her pretty face to amuse them, made them all lift their glasses, and soon Carrie heard 1'iem shouting: 'Ruth — to Ruth! Ruth, the Sons of the Seven Mile {Continued from Opposite Pane.) ? r.ii-I of a Thousand Pongs! Ruth — lo Rulh! Here's to Ruth, prettiest girl who ever came lo the Hill! Ruth, Ihe Golden Girl!' Quickly serving first one and then another, Carrie smiled. Slie liked Rulh Duggan. She thought that behind the girl's eyes there was something haunting and sad: but actresses generally impressed her that way, and Rulh had remained longer on the Hill than any other singer. . ; Sandy began 1o sing — : 'Oh, yov'U tah' Hie hiyh road and I'll talc1 the low roadr And III be in Scotland before you.' Ruth sang that. She sang songs of all nations, and often was lo be seen hovering about Ihe German, and Swedish and Danish camps, picking up their lullabies and folk-songs, which she played and sang back to them. Ruth was a true entertainer. Carrie watched the three rivals for her band go nut of the bar together. They were not long gone when Dave Markham's sister, Jeanie, who served in her grandmother's draper's shop in Golden-street, stepping over all ceremonies; came round to the side-window and, rapping on it; quickly, opened it and looked in. « 'What's the matter?' Carrie asked. .leanie's face was white, and she bit her lips. Though she was but nineteen, she knew the bitterness of love herself, for it was not easy for her lo see1 big Andy, whom she loved, flinging himself at Rulh Duggan, Hie talk as well as the toast of the Hill. ; 'Have you seen my brother Dave?'' she asked. 'Yes,' Carrie replied; 'he was here .just now. I think he's gone up to the dance hall. 'Flash Harry' was here, too. What is wrong?' .ieanie clasped her hands together. 'Oh, nothing,' she said. 'If Dave conies back, don't I ell him you- saw me. I've ridden all the way from home after him. I think he means to do something des perate about Ruth to-night.' 'Why to-night?'' Carrie asked. 'Come round to the back parlour.' ''No, I can't, Carrie. I . must stop him, Carrie; it would be awful if he married a girl like that' Carrie did not see' that. But she thought r perhaps Ihere was more sympathy between a barmaid -: 'and .an actress' than there was between a shopgirl and an actress. ? ? ... , - . *' ; Carrie pulled out -the wide tops of her leg-of-mutton sleeves and ran anradjiijrihg .hand round her very sm'all waist as, Jeanie rMarkham' disappeared. Carrie and Jeanie\were in.:%a. way rivals. All girls were, just as all rm'en were. 'Girls: were not numerous on the Hill, ileanie '.and; her ''sisters, who were always to be, found,: bright andihappy,eit|ier in their mother's big family /buggy; or. their, grandmother's store, were ;as jealous* of Ruth, Carrie knew, as.she;-herself was. Ruth had: the, heads- of all the men turned. ? Carrie saw - no- thing for ?Jeanje to ^ be upset about if Dave won the actress.,- .«. '*.- -'?.'' ' ' V Carrie; knew' a. girl at Ruth's boarding-house,* and it was generally ''Uiought there that the 'Golden Girl' liked 'Flash Harry' and favoured him. Carrie liad ,to -return to the bar, but she was glad when' she' was relieved and could put on her, shawl and go round . to -the saloon to listen to Ruth- singing. . ; it was tire custom .for those who would not be seen in- the saloon, to- remain outside and listen io Ruth. Some times- she ;;made them : laugh, 'sometimes cry;, but she was always/ popular. v Carrie : reached tfieisaloon, just as Dave entered it. Reti^Morgan, who owned the saloon, sometimes asked Ins barmaids' to help hiVyv. ihere;. Seeing Carrie.-Jiecaljed her in now. His great, pink face.-which ? always looked flushed, -beamed /on,' Garrje as she entered. ' ,V 'There's going;- to be .a regular rough-up here tq , night, Carrie,'! he said,' 'and .it'll take -some putting'down.' 'Why, what's the matter?' she^ asked. * ' ' - ? ' ' 'The police think' Palmerly's in 1he. town.'' 'In the town?', /..,'.,: '.-.',* ' ' ?'Yes. Not.' too. far .away from here, either They've got their hands pretty;, full, with Campbelhvell on the road and Palmer! y.. right on ,the sppt.' ? . .'.'.,. ' : Couples were- dancing in the. saloon. Some were drinking... 'Flash. Harry' -yas: playing:. cards coldly, and indifferently with three other's: Every now. and then Carrie saw him lift his eyes to the stage and lo the door of Ruth's dressing-room, which- was to the right of it, Carrie sometimes went round to Ruth's room, and she wished she could go now. She disliked serving drinks in 1he saloon. She saw Jeanie's white face ap pear at the door, and then disappear like a phantom's. She knew, that Jeanie was devoted to her only brother, * and that the girl would do anything for him. Dave obviously was dodging Jeanie, for she saw him almost secretly enter the saloon by a side-door.- He sat down, folding his arms, waiting for Rulh to appear. CHAPTER IV. 'Here's to the selves we shall never, never be: We're the drift of the world and the tangle of the sea.' JESSIE MACK AY. rTriHERE was no specified lime at which Rulh made I :' her: appearance. She usually sang her first song . . about eight and her last at eleven, but sometimes she began earlier and finished later. Tom .Piper, who was playing the music to which couples wer.e dancing in a close-clutched embrace, taking small, tight steps as they moved, was waiting for Rulh to ''clap -her .hands, which was the signal she always gave from. the' rwings when she was ready. * Red Morgan, who seldom bothered to lower the dirty, ragged curtain on his poor little. stage, was putting the ' wing's: in place and hiding the door of Ruth's dressing j room from the spectators. Dave watched him from under * lowered ? eyes. Morgan had the right to enter Ruth's ' dressing-room whenever he liked. Ruth had forbidden i Dave to come round to the back steps. ;, Daye strolled down to Ihe bar lo Carrie, and, order ing , a mild drink, carried it back to his table near the .stage.. His ttther rivals were in the saloon now.* The ; audience ;was becoming impatient for Ruth, and Dave . could pick, up snatches of her songs they were singing. * -. ? 'Come on, Ruth,' someone called out. ; -Torn1 Piper, to keep them quiet, changed the tune he ? was playing to 'Gomin' Through the Rye,' a song of .^Ruth!s :they /liked. Dave had his table drawn up not far from one of the saloon windows, which was open {Continued on Page i3.) Sons of the Seven Mile because of the heal, of the night. And ?s lie, too, grew impatient for Ruih's appear ance, one of the black-boys tie had sent to wait for him with horses on the Brisbane toad passed swiftly and flung a notched stick in to him. Dave had. no sooner taken it up and ex amined it with a while face than Jeanie appeared and said; 'Dave, Dave! Come away home at once.' Dave fell; trapped. Johnny Crow's message slick told him that three strange tribes' of blacks, with on p of which Campbellwell was hiding, stood between him and Brisbane. . Jf lie. attempted to carry off Ruth to-night they had to- face strange blacks from the north, blacks who perhaps were cannibals taking a walkabout south to the sea, or. creeping about to make themselves a nuisance. Again, if the black-boy's message was correct, it was Dave's business to 'report the whereabouts of Campbellwcll at once, for lie knew thai the police and troopers were looking for the black bushranger on the Parbury road. Jeanie put her hand through the window and plucked at Dave. 'Dave,' she said half angrily, 'haven') you any feeling for your sister at all ? Come home! How can you stay there and have me out here?' Dave felt sullen. Then he bit his lips. 'Go home, please. Jeanie/' he said. 'I'll be back later.' 'Dave,' she said, turning as pale as the white lace at her wrists and throat, 'Dave, if you bring Ruth Duggan back to our house I'll never speak to you. Dave, have some sense. Come away from this drinking and gambling hell.' 'I'm' not. drinking, and I'm not gam bling,' he said. ' You go away, please, Jeanie.' She did not move, and. growing impatient with her, Dave got up and closed the. win dow. Then he began to think quickly. He slipped out of the saloon to the back, where Johnny Crow was waiting with a horse tethered to a gum-tree. The black-boy was nervous, but he did whatever Dave bade him do at all times. Dave was standing not far from Ruth's dressing-room, and suddenly the sound of the girl's voice raised in angry protest, at something roused him. 'Sh!' he said to Johnny Crow, and, creeping over to the steps which led from Ruth's dressing-room to the back yard, he look off his heavy boots, and in his stock ing feet cautiously made his way up to the door. Ruth's voice, hurl, angry, passionate, fame to him. 'Morgan, 1 tell you I bate you! I won't! I wouldn't! I couldn't marry you if you wore one solid nugget. Get out! Get out, or I'll scream to the others!' Dave felt the door. It was locked from I he inside. He dared not try it. ]Ie was longing to fling Morgan down into the saloon in a heap on top of 'Flash Harry' find the others if he. dared. But he wanted Huth. 'Don't be a little fool, Ruth,' he heard Morgan say. 'Give me a ki?s and seal the bargain. Everyone knows I mean to marry, you.' 'Get out, and get out quickly,' Butb's voice replied. 'All right'' Morgan said. 'I'M get out, but I'll come back.' 'You beast! I'd rather Campbelhvell got me than you.' 'Be careful what, you say. Bulb.' 'Get out, get out, get out!' Dave was pulling all his weight against the door now. R gave suddenly, arid as Ruth succeeded in ejecting Morgan from her dressing-room and slammed the door in his face she turned to find another suitor at her elbow. 'Oh. Dave,' she said, facing him in an attitude of hopelessness, 'Dave, what are you doing here?' At sittiit of her, looking like some tin selled fairy out of an oJd fairy-tale, her silvery beaded pink satin frock standing out around her, her bodice low, showing her perfect neck, her hair brushed out about her head, a sparkling band about it. Dave paused. She wore black shoes with glittering buckles, and nothing about her looked brighter than her eyes. Dave, was rendered somewhat shy by ihe sight, of her. 'I — I,' he stammered, 'I thought you were in trouble.' 'Oh. you should know by this that I can take care of myself,' she said. 'I was in no trouble. It was Morgan who was in trouble. Thank goodness, I go away to- morrow. Si|. flown. Dave.' She indicated a broken chair, and turned to her mirror to powder her face and pin a rose at her breast, as if she regarded Dave as of no more importance than Mor gan. Dave watched her for a moment fasci nated. Around her mirror was a siring of lucky nuggets. It was the boast of every miner who sat enthralled at her feet, that he had given her nuggets, and that for them she bad kissed him. She outlined her pouting mouth with a white forefinger, and then, seeing Dave still sitting as if stunned in her presence, she laughed at him. Yet he was calculating that she must be very light to hold, and that the dis DEDICATION OF A MEMORIAL BELL. The dedication of the bell erected to tiie memory of Rev. W. R. Bowers, at St. Stephen's Church of England, Mittagong. Mrs. Ingoldby is tolling the bell, and the eight little girls (the Blue bell?) who assisted her in raising the necessary money are in front. lance from the top of the steps to ahorse at. the bottom would not be very far. LJE was tempted to pick her up at once 1 -1 and take a risk in flying with her. But, Morgan rapped on her door and said, 'Hurry up, Ruth.' She turned quickly, as if to make an angry retort, but hesitated. 'What would you like me to sing first, Dave?' she asked. To her surprise he approached her and caught her by the wrists. 'Are you fooling with me, Ruth, as vou are fooling with all the others? You can't, you know.' She tried to shake off his strong hands from her slim wrists. But she might as well have tried to shake off two serpents that had twined themselves around her.' 'Dave, don't be silly,' she said, a little frightened. 'I'm not silly. Have you promised to marry 'Flash Harry' and Morgan, too?' 'No,' she said haughtily; 'I haven't promised to marry anyone. All you boys are the same. A girl can't smile on you but you think she's in love with you, and if she flings you a rose you think she ought to marry you. How do you know that I am not already married?' Dave's grip on her wrists lightened. 'Ruth,' he repealed, 'you cannot play with me. There is no of her man in this world you are going to marry but me.' 'Indeed!' she crioil. her eyes glancing angrily at him, her nostrils dilating. Dave's lips were trembling, and as be bent towards her she drew back from him, trying in vain to free herself. ', '1 mean it, Ruth,' he said, and let her go. She ran her fingers round the marks he had left ' on her -wrists. Then she looked at him disdainfully. 'I haven't, said I'll marry you, Dave Markham,' she. replied, 'and until I say I'll marry a man there is no power on earth that can force me to do it.' 'I can,' Dave replied. 'You ?' 'Yes, Ruth, because I love you, and I know you love me.' How small and fragile she was he rea lised as he seemed to tower above her, his full brown six feet of strength and will. She was like a fluttering bird, like a sweet flower, like a butterfly he could crumple in his hand. 'I have no time for love,' she said. 'T didn't come to' this God-forsaken mining town to hear about it, either.' 'You've brought nothing but love to the field,' Dave said. 'Now you've got to rut up with it.' 'Ob,' she said, with a petulant shrug of her shoulders, 'go away. Dave. You talk rubbish.' Then, as if he no longer existed for her. she lifted her voice and began to sing— '?Alive, alive-o-oh — alive, aJive-o-oh! Crying mussels and cockles aiivealive o'h!' Before lie could catch her to kiss her hand or cheek she had gone away singing. He could hear the deafening applause that greeted her and her pert helloes to the audience, half bold, half saucy, yet de lightful all the same. She always ran on the stage to a chorus of cheers and shouts, and stood there drink ing in the applause as if it were her natural meat and drink. 'One at a time. One at a time; not all together. How can I hear what you want if you all speak at once?' he heard her saying, as lie left the room and crept back by the steps, pausing at the first window to look at her. 'Ruth, Ruth,' they were calling, 'give us a. new one. Ruth, Ruth, give us an old one. Ruth, Ruth!' 'Be quiet.' she suddenly cried, flinging out. her hands. 'Be quiet.' Then she whirled round, took possession of the scene, and began to sing 'Tooroli oraliattiy,' a popular air they liked from 'Little Jack Shepherd.' From the moment Tom Piper struck up the opening bars the audience was in good humour. They sang the chorus with Ruth., and when the song ended began again to demand some favourite air they liked. With her hands behind her back, upon her sweet face a childlike simplicity, she wrung their hearts with — '/ canna sing the auld songs now.' 'Ruth! Ruth!' Sandy McPhie called out emotionally in the midst of it. 'Shut up! Put him out!' voices said. Dave knew that she would not leave the stage to change her dress now for at least half an hour. As he watched her he saw that Red Morgan and 'Flash Harry' were in earnest conversation together. Dave was uneasy. Ruth looked so happy singing and amusing the men that she did not seem to be the same girl who had defied 'him and half scorned him in the dressing-room a little while ago. But she was the fragrance of flowers to Dave, romance and beauty and dreams, too. 'She's mine,' he said to himself, 'all mine. No one else must have her.' Casey, one of the troopers who had been looking for Palmerly., lapped Dave lightly on the shoulder as Ruth was beginning to sing a gay air from 'The Pirates of Pen zance' for them. 'Come outside, nave, will you?' .Casey said. Dave gave his shoulders an irritable little sli rug. 'Casey, if it's my sister Jeanie.' he re plied quickly, 'tell her from me I'm never coming home to our house again without Ruth Duggan.' Casey's eyes were roving about the saloon. 'Don't, be a young fool,' he said. 'Pal- merly's in the saloon.' : 'In the saloon? In here?' 'Yes. I want you to get your father to identify a man lie met some years ago on the Goldville road.' 'My. fathers out' home,' Dave replied. 'I tell you I can't get him to-night.' Dave went out with Casey, however, and they stood yarning at the door. 'Palmerly's black, isn't he?' Dave said 'There's nothing black here.' 'Palmerly's riot black,' Casey replied slowly. 'Where's your sister? Would she bring your father?' 'She was with him when he brought, in the man he said was Palmerly.' ''Would she remember?' 'She might. She was about ten at the time.' As ? they, were speaking Dave's black-boy pulled at his arm. and Dave made his escape from Casey. 'I bin listen,' Johnny Crow said. 'I {Continued from Page 23.) bin crawl under house hear 'Flash Harry' and Morgan talk.' 'What about?' 'Bin; talk: about Miss Duggan.' 'Wliere^ are ; they?'. ..Dave said. , . 'O.yer ? by the- vvjndow playing cards.' Johnny; Crow -was 'a 'good spy, and Dave readily, believed', that 'the' pair were plot ting against Ruth, and perhaps himself. IF the bushranger were in the saloon in masquerade there would be a raid sooner or later, and Dave's whole desire was to make Ruth consent, to marry him, for he felt sure she loved him. Besides, she needed protection. Dave's intention wr.s to take her to her mother and step- father, whom he knew, and persuade. Ihem. if they could, to make Ruth marry him and give up her singing and stage work, Ruth lived in Brisbane, and was one of a larpe family. Her mother bad married a second time. She was the onjy child, of the first marriage, and it, was because Ruth disliked her step- father that she had gone on the stage. She was not yet twenty-one, and as both her step-father and her mother liked Dave he felt, sure that his quickest, way of making her his wife and so de feating all his rivals was to ~«t her hack to them. Reconciliation with his own family would follow. He stole round to the window that Johnny Crow indicated, hut he could hear nothing of the conversation of the men. 'You listen. Johnny,' he said, 'and bring me word.' 'Do we go lona-a Brisbane?' Johnny asked. 'Yes; we'll he in Brisbane in a few days. You go back to Little Eye when I tell you and bring the horses to the river.' Little Eye wras the name of the second blacfcfellow who was making the iourney with Dave. Ruth was stepdancing when Dave reen tered the saloon, and lie wondered what had become of Jeanie. whether she had gone home or whether Casey had found i:.er. No, Casey was standing at the door, watching 'Flash Harry' as if lie never meant to let him out of his sight again. Dave started. Could 'Flash Harry' and Palmerly be one and the same person ? Jf they were, and a man like that was plot ling against him and Ruth, 'what, chance had they? Dave thrust his hands into his pockets. He realised that Regan, McPhie, and Blake had never been his rivals in as serious a way as '.'Flash Harry.' Dave fidgeted to know their plot. (To be Continued.) THE 'COCKLE SHELL' HAIR-DRESSING. This is the very latest style of hair- dressing. It seems to he most becoming. — (Topical Press.) 