SURAL TOnCS. Although the raiufall has been light and very far short of requirements, some good falls have been recorded jn wheat ureas, and the continuance of dull, showery con ditions hag enabled the working of fallows and seeding operations to be undertaken. Lambing is now fairly general, and although there is likely to be a shortage of green feed at least'during the early part of the lambing season, a good drop is expected, and -most farmers hope to 'be able to nuuk a satisfactory percentage. Cropping opera tions are well advanced in the Malice, bat most of tliis country is still badly in need of rain. 8peaking in the agricultural -section of the Economic Conference,Mr. Alonso Tay lor (Standford University, U.S.A.), pre dicted that Australia, Canada, and the Argentine would eventually supplant the UaUed -States in grain production. He United-States, after thewair-tijne develop ment, was trying to reduce its production to tbe level of its domestic needs. The Mount Abundance lands near Soma, Queensland, which were resumed by the Government to pravide sheep and wheat farms, are being dffered for selection by the Lands department. The Minister for Lands (Mr. Duns tan) stated to-day that applications had closed for 57 portions made available as settle ment farm leases under the group system. Thirty-six of the applicants had been allotted portions. The successful appli cants were from Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria. In a cable message received by the Dairy Produce Control Board from its London agency, it is stated that the butter market is firm, with an upward tendency. Light rnin has been received in England, but not sufficient for the require ments of dairymen. Danish butter is quoted at 161/ a cwt., New Zealand 164/ to 166/, and salted "Kangaroo" 164/ a cwt. No change has been made -in retail prices, but an increase is expected. Unsold con signments of Australian butter amount to 42,000 boxes, while the total quantity of Australian butter in Hay's wharf stores is <1,000 boxes. The cheese market is steady, New Zealand cheese being quoted at 85/ to 86/ a cwt., and Australian at 84/ to 85/. At the next Melbourne Royal Show tl'ere is to be a sweepstakes class for Friesian bulls any age, the dams of which have averaged not less than 101b. of but tcr-fat a week in an open test of at least nine months' duration. In judging up to 50 points may be awarded for type, and up to 50 points for dairy pedigree, these latter being obtainable on the yields of the bull's dam and his sire's dam, 25 points being the possible that can be obtained by each. In making these pedigree awards two points will be allowed for each lib. of butter fat over 101b. per week averaged by either the bull's dam or his sire's dam, if tbe cow was five years old or over when the : test began. If the age at starting the tost in either instance was four years or under two points would be obtainable for each Jib. of butter-fat averaged weekly over 101b. per week is the animal's test. As some 60 yields Iiave been recorded from Friesian cows in Victoria of over 5501b. of butter-fat in 273 dayfl this class should bring out very interesting competition, although the sons of«eme of the most notable sires of lierd-test eowa in the State will .be handi capped out.of it -because their sire's dams were not tested as the conditions require. To shift 19,000 sheep 300 miles over drought-stricken country is the difficult -project of Mr. Sol Green, -the well-known Melbourne bookmaker and owner of Llanrheidol station, near Winton. The 10,000 sheep are practi cally all that remain of the Llanrheidol flock of 70/000 after the drought. For about 22 months the sheep been .roam ing tbe country in search of grass and water, Llanrheidol station being draught stricken. The property haB now sufficient feed for the sheep, but the difficulty- is to_get them from Lake Macliattie. south of Bedourie and near the South Australian border, to the station, owing to the inter vening country being drought-strickeu. The sheep are hemmed in on all Bides by large tracts of drought-stricken country. Railway facilities are hundreds of miles away, and there is not the remotest chance of driving the sheep out of the oasis they are in and which is fast becoming dry. Mr. Spenccley, Mr. Sol. Green's mana ger, seriously considered driving the sheep to their home pastures by artificially feed; ing them and having portable boring plants sinking bores ahead, but this would cost ! as much as the sheep arc worth. Eventu ally it was decided to engage motor trans port at 7/ a bead, aud for some days Mr. Sponcelcy has been negotiating with lorry drivers at Longrcach and Winton to con * tj' the 19,000 sheep Irotii I^ake Machattie to Llanrheidol, a distance of 300 miles. The drivers propose rushing the sheep over the 300 miles iu 30 hours without food or water, the sheep fortunately being in fairly good condition. The Miuister for Markets and Migration (Mr. Patersou) announced last week that, as a result of the lifting of the embargo «n the importation of live stock from Scot land, the following animals had been shipped to Australia by the steamer Eury pylus, which-sailed from Glasgow onMarch 25:-For Sydney-36 head of cattle; for Melbourne-3 head of cattle, 1 etaHion, ®nd *23 sheep. Mr. Paterson -added that the Empire - Marketing Board still bad under consideration proposals for tlie free transport of pedigree stock from the United Kingdom to .other parts of the Umpire. Members, of the Australasian Butter and Cheese Factories Managers and Secretaries' Association placed oo record at the con ference on May 23 their high esteem for the late Dr. R. J. Bull, their -apprecia tion of his .great work for the industry, and their sorrow at his untimely death, which was referred to as a national Ion. The president (Mr. A. L. Graham) said that as the director of the bacteriological laboratory at the University of Melbourne, Dr. Bull had performed a great service in the interest of humanity, and in addition had done much . valuable work for the dairying industry in Victoria. Although he was a busy man he had never failed to grant the advice and assistance he -was so qualified to give. It could be said that his intense desire to help humanity, shown in his unremitting devotion to duty, had shortened his life. I The Miuister for Markets find Migration (Mr. Paterson) announced on May 23 that the War Office had placed with a Victorian company a contract for the supply of <J0j tons of flour to the British forces at Shang-! hai. This would bring the total quantity! of flour supplied by Australian tenderers! to these forces since the beginning of the 3 ear to 360 tons. . In addition, a Victorian firm was the successful tenderer for 00 tons of onions for delivery to the British forces in China. Mr. Paterson added that, apart from these tenders> Aus tralian companies had in the last two years obtained contracts for the supply of about 25,240 tons of frozen beef ? and 430 tons of frozen mutton to the order of the War Office, and 2,000,0001b. of corned beef to the order i of the Admiralty. In these cases de-i In cry was made to the Mediterranean and home commands. To meet the wishes of growers and sell-; ing brokers the Government statist , in South Australia has issued a preliminary estimate of the flocks and wool clip of that State for the 1926-27 season. Tiie actual number of sheep thfere on Decem ber 31, 1925, was C,808,615 head.. Lambs marked for 1926 were estimated at 1,750,000, net imports for the year (actual) were 305,326 head, making a total of 8,863,911 head. Slaughterings for the 12 months are placed at 1,030,000 head, and losses at 350,000 head, so that the number of sheep in the Stale on December 31 was estimated at 7,163,-941 Jiead. Sheep and Jambs shorn for 1925 actually numbered 6,915,238, the wool clip in grease 60,380,5841b., and the average weight of fleece (sheep and lambs combined) 8.731b. Sheep aud lambs shorn for 1926-27 are esti mated at 7,550,000 head, wool clip in grease 65,307,5001b., aud average weight of fleece 8.651b. In regard to interstate movements of wool, the statist estimates the quantity imported - from other States for sales and shipment for the -season at [ 21,150,0001b., and exports from South Aus i tralia to other Commonwealth markets at 13,000,0001b. There are several good examples of extra high dairy production being hereditary in the Bolobek Ft-iesian stud ? of Mr. O. J. Synie at Maccdon. The imported heifer Duplicate Poach Maud gave up to 4461b. of butter-fat in 273 days nhder Government test. Her daughter, Bolobek Ethel* gave 448H>. of butter-fat in the 1920 test, -and Ethel's daughter Anabel on her seventh test term has .given 5181b. of butter-fat in 273 days, while .Bolobek Anne, the daughter of Anabel, on lier fifth test has given 6031b. of butter-fat in the nine months. Also the three-year-old Bolobek Agncta has given 5051b. of butter-fat in 273 days, and her dam Agnes gave 5031b. in 273 daya at four years old. Agnes is 8 daughter of Mr Syme's champion show cow ftolobek Aggie, which gave 5121b. of butter-fat in 273 days as a three-year-old. Mr, Syme has ciIbo four Friesiaus which are daughters of the bull Rosedale King Sylvia, whose dam gave 8831b. of butter fat in 12 months, wliile his sire's dam had a record of C591b. of butter-fat iu a year's test. Of these four one two yenr- old heifer haB given 4591b. of butter-fat in 273 days. A three-year-old has given 4801b. in 273 days. Another has given 4761b. at- four years old, and the fourth gave 5931b. of butter-fat *t " four years old, with 0241b. on her fourth I test at five years old. Two of thes<S. heifers were not tested, but ® others one gave 9391b. of buttci^fat inja year's test, and tbe other gave (5031b. also in a 365 days' tcim. A large flommill was opened at Charl £80,000 to . erect, and has a caP""** . 300,000 bags of wlieata >"eav: 2 provision for-the storage of 1«MK» bags. Special apparatus to expedite loading and unloading has been installed, through out the wheat is treated hy modern ma-j cliinery.; j The' Country Roads Board announced, last week that it bad authorised theaccept ance of 12 addition^ tendew for amounts S from £300 to £2,000 for country W constructfon. Work wilt be earned out in the sbirw of E»t Loddon, Swim Hill. Omeo, Stewell, Wimmera, Arapiles, Yea, Otway, :Orbost, Melton, Bulla, and Narracan. Many pastoralisU visited Broken ffiU test week in connection with "Pastoralists Week." Regarding the prospects of the back country in view of the prevailing dry conditions, Mr. Muny Martin, from Mena Murtee Station, said that the last good rain was seven months ago, and tber« had been only 43 points in the last five months. All surface water had gone, »na stock bad to be watered from wells, Oft some sta tions sheep were being fed on linseed nuts. Good lambing was expected, and the posi tion would not be serious for three months yet. Another pastoralist said that the feeding of sheep was costing him hundreds of pounds a week. When introduced to the staff of the State Rivers and Water Supply Commission, Mr. Bailey, Minister for Lands and Water Supply, made interesting reference to the amount of money spent on water supply in Victoria and the excellent re sults obtained from that expenditure. "I do not think the public properly rea lises the magnitude of the commission s operations," said Mr. Bailey. "Our water supply in Victoria has cost £18,500,000, half on irrigation and half on domestic and stock supplies. There" are 11,000 miles of channels in Victoria-8,500 for domestic and stock purposes, and 2,500 on irrigation channels. There are 1,500,000 acres of land in Victoria covered by irrigation, and when you consider that the State comprises ®5,000,000 acres, and that one- quarter of it (or 14,500,000 acres) is served by domestic and stock supply, it is indeed a great achievement." Figures supplied by the State Rivers and Water Supply Commission show that the volume of water in store at the various storage reservoirs, weirs, and darns, com piled on May 21, was as follows:- , , Full Volume in Store. Capacity." This Week. Last Week. Acre feet. Acre feet. Acre feet. Su<?arlo»f .. .. 306,000 3.300 ' JoSa Goulbum Weir. 20,700 i-tn'ren Waranga .. 333,480 147,400 130,930 Laanecoorie 14,000 Row Swamp ,. 40,800 34,100 28,709 ^ Lake .. 3,820 3,|00 3.3W Fvan's Lake .. 17,100 W.3S0 J2'iy»2 Lake Lonsdale.. 45,480 " M.M9 15-jjp Ta.rlor'e Lake.. |».6£ 2».Tr Pine Lake .. 'US' ' lo'fso Wartook .... W«» «>.« 10'^ Fyke's Creek .. M.850 172 "" K" Coliijan K.'WO ».027 lo'.«6 Malmsbury .. 12.3W g\? Cleumagg'c .. 150,«» bi,um «,« The Canadian Immigration ^department 4ias announced that a C<*n£ral European im migrant coming to Gan&da; on the under standing that he will work on western farms, where labour is badly needed, will be compelled to live up to tbe standard in the future or he will be returned to his own country. Advices received from the department indicated that a large, number of such migrants bad re fused work in farming areas, and that many of those unemployed in western cities were Central Europeans i brought by tbe railway companies for the specific purpose of farm work. It is esti mated that there are 1,000 of these unem tfloved in Calgary alone. Many are also idle in Winnipeg. The men aBk for con struction work on buildings and railways rather than leave the' cities. Two representatives of the Federal Ministry will atteud the international con gress on refrigeration to be lield in Koi$ic in September. Among otfwr tilings the congress will consider matters relating to the inspection, control, and) scientific cold storage of meat. One, of the Australian representatives will j be the Commonwealth veterinary officer in London (Mr. Ross Grant). The other will be Mr. J. R. Vickcry, who is now stationed at the British Food Investiga tion Board's Research Station, Cambridge. Mr. Vickery carried out much research -work in connection with the cold storage of meat before he left Australia last year. In conjunction with Or. Moran, of the Cambridge station, he will prepare a paper on certain aspects of the frozen and chilled l»eef problem, and read it at the congress. It is expected that the two representative# will obtain much valuable information from other delegates. The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research has an option' on the services o? Mr. -Vickery on his return, to Australia in about IS inontlifl. 1>u can take it that thg: Ministry ba» tely decided to raise Hie dptjj.on flour £3to£4 a ton," said thftNewZealand i Minister (Mr. Coates). inaspcech ickknd last week. "Certain proposal* been made to the Australian Xjfovern , and notice has been given of onr tions, but beyond that I-cannot tag ling *at present." .. W. R. Birks, the principal of the :ie Agricultural College, Victoria, Iim. appointed principal of the Bew by Agricultural. College, South AM i, in succession to Mr. W. J. Cok b, who has resignedto-become *-«»?» of the Irrigation Conuniniea. . Mf. s, who is *ged 41 years, ims boriTin ;h Australia, and bad.. ft -,'iwcceiBful er at the Adelaide University. 8* ed in the war and then travelled « ively in £nrope and in Ameria. 8e appointed principal at Doolrie five .a ago. fter negotiations, extending over two i the dispute between ibe JfeaHe anfl [lorSwtas Condensed Milk Company and inppliers was amicably settled last week, i commissioner for conciliation _ (_Mr. M. Stewart) presided. The conditions lettlement were that the basis of pay it be changed to payment for whole k- on butter-fat values, the butter-fat ivalent value of 15d. for 101b. of milk be ascertained on the average test" of individual suppliers for the last four rs, one farthing a lb. butter-fat in ase in price, according to arrange nts made in March, 1920, to be gnaran d, this increase to date from the resump- ' n of supplies. The agreement is to aain. in force for 12- mouths and there er until one party gives the other throe nths' notice in writing. Suppliers will ume supplies at once. t Lt the council meeting held at Anzac >use on May 5, Mr. Michel, of Sheppar l, and Mr. Cockburn, soldier settlement icer, were deputed to wait on the respon se authority in reference to the resolu in passed at the recent soldier settlors' nference, held on April 20:-"That 'no Idier settler's lease be cancelled untsl "" i had had an opportunity of having /fcis se dealt with by the advisory board of bis strict." Mr; Michel and Mr. Cockburn terviewed the director of Land Settle ent (Mr. Mclver), and obtainediromttm i assurance that no soldier settler's lease ould be cancelled until he bad Wd^Jiis. i"se heard by the advisory board, provid g immediate application was made. Sol ier settlers desirous of placing their cases efore the advisory boards, should apply ? Mr. Somerville, secretary of advisory jards. Lands department, Melbourne. A statemeHt made by-the secretary of the airy Produce Board, New Zealand (Mr. . ?. Brash) that several dairy companies re contemplating selling -the May and June iitpuls of butter from 15d. upwards to Netr ealand buyers appears to indicate confi ence in a rising market. When the "iatter was referred to hfm the chairman of the board (Mr. Grounds) 6aid that it was possible that such transactions were being effected. It was expected that no stocks of stored stale butter would be left over for the English market iu the early spring,* thus ensuring that the Dominion produce would be sold in the best circumstances when the new season opened. Questioned - regarding the cause of tbe recent rise itt price of New Zealand produce on the Eng lish market. Mr. Grounds said thnt it was due in a large measure to the board having redueed its weekly quota of 90,000 boxes ol butter and 45,000 crates of cheese. He de clined to state the extent of the reduction. At Lindenow (V.) this week tests will be made with the mechanical maise-picker imported recently by the Department of Agriculture. The superintendent of Agri culture (Mr. H. A. Mullet*) Baid ibat 4he machine bad been, imported with the object of demonstrating to growers whether it was suitable for harvesting tnaiae under Victorian conditions or not. Hie machine is equipped for use with either horses or tractor. It picks and "husks*' the cob6f delivering the busked cobs into a waggon drawn -alongside the machine. In preliminary tests carried out last week at Lindenow the picker performed promisingly. In these trials a tractor with a power "take-off1 was used, and from the results obtained it was considered that at least six acres cowld be harvested by the machine in one day. The maize on which the picker was tested was slightly grceu, and it was noticed that portion of the grain was marked by the huskius rollers. Adjustments are being made to overcome this difficulty, which, it is tbought, will not be experienced with riper Tops. 