NATION'S PROBLEMS. populating And finance. Thus 'Building & Manufacturing' (Brisbane) Take a' fringed tablecloth and spread, it out on a table; let It repre sent the world. In one corner ( Aus- tralia) ' are half-a-dozen tassels, and one of those tassels of the fringe of that, cloth is Queensland. That is the proportion that we bear to the' great wprld. We are still a long way out of the real whirl of things but we la re sufficiently 5el|-centred( to; think 'that -we- count for a, lot in the terrestial scheme. We don't— not yet: Whether we shall ever count for much, depends much upon our future course of action, and perhaps still more upon our vision, or lack thereof. It has been well said that "where there is no vision the people perish.',' Our problems, which are many . and— to us, at least — great, must be faced and overcome if we ever are to bulk at all in the world, tinder the aegis of the British Empire. Under other aus pices we shall not perhaps he- nearly so fortunate. Now, to overcome our problems we need both vision: and, de termination — the ability to see — I.e., to think, clearly; the resolution to grapple, with what we see. and realise. ; Are we doing so to-day? " In; the first .place; let us-take'the all important question of population, with which is" bound; up, .inextricably, the ; matter, of immigration. On an area of some 670,000 square miles- much of which admittedly, is quite valueless to-day, but which future de velopments in science, agriculture, and chemistry may make: both useful and invaluable — we have a population, all told, of 880,000, or slightly more than one person to the square mile! Now there is nothing like compari sons (odious though they are thought to be) to show us where we stand; so here are a few taken off-hand, but pregnant with meaning: — Populations to the Square Mile. England and Wales .. 650 persons Belgium . . ........ . . 640 persons Holland . . 551 .persons Germany .. .. .. .. .. .. 352 persons Italy .-. . . .. . . 322 persons France .. .. .. .... ..188 persons New Zealand . . ...... 12 persons South Africa .. ... 11' persons Canada .. .. .. .. .. 2 persons Australia .. .. .. .. .. 2 persons . Now, to take the Asiatics, we find a condition of things in China, Japan, and Malaysia that constitutes a very real and perpetual menace for us. Mr. Basil Mathews, in his bok, "The Clash of Color," gives some .disquiet ing figures. On the eastern littoral of Asia lie China and Japan, contain ing between them some 500,000,000 people — more than one-fourth of the human race. China is supposed to be "awakening" (in the Russian sense) ; and though now negligible, by civilised Powers, China may .suddenly become a formidable organised nation. If so, what is likely to happen under the double urge of a new orientation and a terrifflc congestion? Japan, on an area of less than 150,000 square miles, is carrying a population of 58,000,000 people; and the population of China is increasing by about six millions -a year; that of Japan by aboult ia .million anually. Add ito>. China and Japan, India and Burma, the East Indies, Java, and Malaysia, and you get a colored population of 1,000,000,000 or considerably more than half of the human race! And they are all of them next doo-r to. us!" To quote Mr. Matthews: "Eastern Asia is a bowl whose millions are spilling over the Pacific brim." How is Queensland going, to get a popula tion of the best white stock — real white, not the "Mediterranean breeds." unless we at once set about encouraging the British, Norwegian, Danish, and other true Nordic, nations to come here and help to develop the State? Italians and Greeks will not do. Though -they have their good points, they are racially,- religiously, politically, and socially alien to us, and they are far from white, judged from the specimens we see in our midst. True they breed like rabbits; as the President of the -Nordic Society of the United States recently pointed out, in five generations the average couple of British, or Scandinavian, blood leave 460 descendants; the "Mediterranean breeds," including the Italians, leave 16,000 descendants from one original couple after five generations ! Next comes our '"industrial" prob lem. Thanks -to adult suffrage and the removal of all wise restriction on the franchise, political power' has been handed ovor to the mediocrites and lower order ot intellects; and these in turn, have messed-up every thing they have been able to touch, in the sacred name of "industrialism."' Debased politics and corrupt public life . consequently distinguish our times; they are accompanied by claBS- hate, and "one-class" feeling, wnich tue form or constant upheaval .n the affairs and business of , the community; while a spurious "hji- maniiariunism" and a system of granumotnerly coddling and spoon- leeding of the worthless; the wasters, and the criminal has paralysed the old, independent, self-reliant, and vigorous spirit of our. people. Nobody, we . take, it, wants to' see a decadent Australia? Then we must face and overcome the "industrial" and "one- class" problem. . Lastly, let . U3 look at our money problems/ which are many, and which daily!' . grow ' more pressing. -.To day we all need more money, than ever; but it is liard to come by, and; when obtained, has lost more than a third of its purchasing power!, Everybody is getting higher pay than he ever got before; hut it is likq Dead Sea fruit— it turns to ashes, so to speak, as soon as it. is touched.- The more we "progress," /the worse ; 6ff : we seem to get! We, are like , a kitteh chasing and clawing its own -tail; and unlike the kitten, the further and faster we go, the less we' are satisfied. Our national 'life is. become the faith ful reflex of the hectic life .lived, by the majority of our people-and .es pecially by. our young people, who 'are giving up to empty pleasures what 'is ' meant -' for - a: ' . full useful life. Heaven; forbid that we should '_ turn preachers; but the fact is staring us in the facethe problem is there! How are we' to flourish as a. State, or as indi viduals', if we ' continue a mad whirl of waste, extravagance, .loans, taxes, imposts, burdens of every kind? How can industry prosper -when: all the available/money, is soaked up-by the; Government- sponges, or, .at the best, put into bonds and certificates"; instead of going bifck into;; industry. Why must we keep borrowing— and from foreigners like the Americans! — and spending the loans in losing propositions of every sort, kind, and description? Have we not. burdens sufficient? Cannot- we strive- to reduce expenditure, 'retrench and economise? Can we not try to pay off some of o.ur loans instead of always trying to raise more? Are we all and altogether mad", that we cannot see. where' we are heading for? Howare we to stem the flood's, of foreign imports that come in with every new loan, increasing hec tic "prosperity," pro tem, but swamn- ing our own poor little industries, and demanding' a greater volume of ex ports from us in order to meet the interest on them? Do we want- to "crash" altogether? Nobody, we take it, wants .to see a bankrupt Australia? Then we must face- and overcome the financial problem. ' ' " ' ' " \ 