FINANCIAL SORVEY. ADVERSE TRADE BALANCE, lapwing Batter Prospect (London. July 30. Toe Cstook .Exchange opened 'Witn a fair amount of liveliness but tbe a*p -roach of tbe holiday became a dominant factor and generally quiet markets en sued, but prices maintained a surprising degree of strength. Gilt-edged securities were' Tery firm with some, of the recently issued colonial stocks in steady demand.. The movement of the exchange to a lys. 86V per cent, discount against Australia has attributed to tbe material redtwtion of tiie London funds of the Australian banks. This- partly seasonal development has assumed unusually large proportions owing to Australia's recent beavy im ports, whHe the outlook for the coming Australian export season is less favour able owing to severe drought in some districts. . Commentators derive cold comfort from Sir 'Philip CunJiffe-I/iBter's inquest on the national trade position in the Bouse of Commons. The 'Economist says: — 'The most notable feature of the debate -w»s the revelation of a deepseat ed uneasiness among all parties. The net volume of tbe imports for the first quart er of 1927 came to 132 per cent, and for the second quarter to 127 per cent of the 1913 figures, while the exports for the same periods were only 7f-.7 and i«s.a per cent respectively of the 1918 figures. Britain's adverse trade balance has grown from. £70.500,000 for the first .half of IMS to £209,500.000 this year.' The 'Economist' is of the opinion tnat tne nation is living on invisible -receipts to_ a more «rnificaiit eartent than before the war, reenttrn* in a Umitetion oTpower and capacity to make capital lnvestmen.s ' The 'Yorkshire Post' thinks the Com monwealth Customs Minister (Mr. H. jK. iPratten), is over-optamistie in his rerer enoe to the extent to which British manu facturers will probably respond to the in vitation to start branch factories m Aus tralia. It say«:— ^Thcre is. a feeling m industrial circles that lAlustralia ior the time being would be better advised to de; velon her purchases from. BriUsh manu facturers. The industrialists are most willing to carefdUy examine the nrospect# of establishing A«straJiim k^iii!-?; tones, but told Mr. Pratten that it would be necessary to have long credits which they canndt at present obtain. Tin* result of tbe recent Commonwealth loan Jf. re tarded as ominous for those seeking further credits for Australian enterprises, and there are doubts as to whether Aus tralia's rate of immigration will warrant tbe immediate butts** o£ branchy fac; tories «t tbe heavy Australian first «wt»^ Tbe last wool 'te-.''^* * ^Sl standing of raw material, and the name tradewW tbe largest buyer, taking 06,; TO0baIe^«mp«3iwith the Continental pikfcwTof «.TW tales. Nevertheless, ?bT«anufaetu«n, end of the trade is far from «at-l«etory, tkerebcSng {«£* nrach standing machinery. This «»£»*« of affairs bus been so prolonjed that it has fiiren rise to a search for a hero*c remedy. The correspondence in the Xork ahire Press snows that there is a growing opinion that 'the* industry needs reorga nisation in th* direction of collective ac tion. It is burdened by. the multipaeity of small firms, wbieb are sending up costs by their frequent handlimj of tbe goods and the numerooe profits made between the raw material and tbe finished fabrics. Combinations of aH the processes unoer a single management with collective ad vertising and a search for trade are be inxinfluentiaHy advocated. _ ^Che trade in Australian aad New Zea land butters has been disappointing for the paat month, chiefly owing to .the heavy aupplieaof the European descrip tion. Production in Europe has been main tained ct flush point much longer than nsaal, owing to th«; hea-vy pains, and Ger many has not taken her normal share of Danish hotter, which has resulted in hea vier shipment* of the, latter to London. It is interesting to note that Denmark forestalled speculators by a recent Act of Parliament, which compels the casks of butter -to be stamped with the date of manufacture, thus enforcing their- imme- diate marketing. The Australian and New Zealand butters «eem, however, to have touched bottom. European supplies this week began to ebow a reduction all round. The stocks in the .cold stores were below last year's, and the outlook for the immediate future' presents a- more healthy aspect. . : .. : .- . . .-??;??. Tie 'Investor's Chronicle' understands that a definite agreement hag been reach ed between the Tarious companies con cerned in the Argentine meat war. The Anglo-Dutch undertaking will be closed* and its percentage of exports will be, dis- tributed between the remaining smaller firms'. Vesrteys and the American packers having' adjusted their differences long ago, all the companies remaining in tbe trade between them have undertaken -to find £90,000 yearly for six years to pay the Anglo-Dutch companies' debenture inte rest. The- only remaining difficulty is on the question of freights, on which there has' been « conference with the shipping lines. Veeteys and the Blue Star line hare faEed to reach an agreement. 