QMffDOif ItMED Under the Immigration Restric tion Act (1001-24) and tho Contract Immi grants Act (1903). any peraon may be re fused admission to Austaralla. tvlin fall to frrlto from dictation by an officer not less than GO words In any prescribed Euro pean language; or any person who has not the prescribed certificate of health; any feeble-minded person; any person suffering from sorlous transmissible disease or de fect tuberculosis or certain other serious diueasos; any person convicted of crime In certain circumstances; any portion of ill- fame; any advocate of revolution or tho unlawful destruction of property; any Turk of Ottoman race; or any person 16 years or ovor not possessed of a passport as pre scribed. Should such poraons gain admis sion, they must be deportotl. Usually per sons formally domiciled In tho State can not bo excluded from return after tempor ary absence. In the mattor of excluding undesirable Immigrants Now South Wales Is protocted by Federal authority. For a period of fivo years from December 2, 1920, persons of Gerinun, Anstro-Gorman, Bul garian or Hungarian parentage and nation ality woro excluded; but upon the expiration of the period no further restrictions were Imposed. Ex-onemy subjects repatriated during the lato war are required to obtain approval of their re-admlsslon, R.F.— 1 The seven wonders of tho world t'of antiquity) are — tho PyramldB of Egypt tho Hanging Gardens of Babylon, tho tower of Mausolus, tho Temple of Diana at Ephesus. tho Colossus Rhodes, tho Statue of Zeus (Jupiter) by PhldlaB, the Pharos of Egypt, or else tho palaco of Cyrus cemented with gold. The Pyramids first, which In Egypt wero laid; Next Babylon's Gardens for Amytls made ; Then Mausolus's tomb of affection and guilt; Fourth, the Temple of Diana In Ephesus built; . The Colossus of Rhodes, cast In brass, to tho sun; Sixth, Jupiter's statue, by Phidias done; Ihe Pharos of Egypt, last wonder of old. Or the Palace of Cyrus, cemented with gold, H.F.J. — Testamentary dispositions require revision upon ro-marrlage. . "Vashtl."-— The Married Women's Property Act protects a wife's private estate In all circumstances. "Stakos."— Provided there Is no bar In re spect to the law of consanguinity and tho prohibited decrees of wlndred, a man may us?..hLfl discretion. In the1 choice of a wife. W.M.W.— The Jlfo policy would be gov- or5e b£.the original proscribed conditions. meaning of the station names, Woggonora" and "Thurlagoona" la un known, but they are not pure Aborigine names. C.C.-Componsatlon is awarded by Muni cipal Councils where there has been nn In terference with business Interests and cur rent leases. J.H.P.—From the description you fur- nlsh of the quallflcatlons of the young man in Englnnd, who Is anxious to come out to Australia, there Is little doubt he would succeed. Australia Is a young country of inflnlto potentialities, and the success' or failure of young men from abroad depends largely upon their own energy and & deter mination to succeed. "Basic."— -The hours prescribed for a female bar attendant are 44 per week. There |® no rato prescribed for working on Sun day m special circumstances.. Under the Hotels Country award a female bar uttend- I®, ni entitled to holidays with pay arter 12 months' continuous service. Copies of tho Hotols Country, Nos. 31CG and G4G, niay bo purchased at the Government Print ing Office Bent-street, Sydney. Price 4d each, plus postage, "Inquirer."— The liability, In the circum stances of the case is a Joint one, and should bo mutually adjusted. S'M.A — Casualties in Great War, 1914-18: —British, 3,049,901; French. 4831600' i1??1'659'000' U.S. A., 246,984; Russian, H52'?S2; German, 6,385,000; Austrian, B, 600,000; Bulgarian. 870,000; Turkish. 948.- 000- Servian. 1,000.000 (one-third of popula tion) ; Belgian, 94,000; Rumanian, 335,000; Australia, 214,672, being made up as fol lows:— Officers deaths 2826, other ranks 6M06J officers, wounded 5721, othors ranks 7 J. ' '0ffIcer8. gassed 583. other ranks 16,904. Prisoners of war; Officers 170, other ranks 3887. Missing; 212 all ranks. F.A.R.— Local municipal councils have wide powers with regard to kerblng and guttering and rating of property In connec tion therewith. Make application to tho council for exemption, and state grounds in full. "Leg Break."— C. T. B. Turner wns born at Bathuist, and, In his prime, was tho world's greatest bowler. Here aro his figures In first-class matches: — 38,622 balls, 3649 mahlons, 13,064 runs, 998 wickets, average 13.08. Spofforth's figures were— 28.399 balls, 2805 maidens, 11,675 runs, 820 wickets, average, 14.15, W, G. Grace said that Turner was the groatest bowler whom he met on Australian or English wickets. One of tho most formidable bowling com binations ovor possessed by Australia was that of Turner and .7. J. Ferris. Turner's wonderful achievement of 324 wickets during the English season of 1888 lias never been approuched either by an Englishman or an Australian In ono season. Playing for Australian XT. v, an Eleven of England, at Stoke, July ,15. 1888, Tumor took nine for 15, and for Austalian XI. v. an Eleven of England, 'at Hastings, August 3, 1888, Tur ner secured nine for 37. Turner, playing for 22 of Bathurst against the English team of 1882, took the last seven English ; wickets in tho first Innings, and tho whole 10 In the second innings — 17 wickets In suc cession— for 69 runs. Ho was- 19 years of ago at the time. Ho also took 17 wickets for Australia v. an English XI. at Hast ings, in 1888. "An Old Volunteer Rifleman."— Flrerams must not be kept by persons who have not un annual license.. J.M.S. — The most effectlye way to get rid of bull ants In. the garden Is to pour a couple of buckets of hot water on their nests. F.M.— "The Tatlor" (Vol 2). 1764, should bo valuable to booksellers. Submit it to a lending firm of booksellers in the city- or suburbs. A.R.— Part ownership would give the wife hor rights under tho Married Women's Pri vate Property Act. "Rex." — Particulars may bo obtained from the head office of the C.S.R. Co., Sydney. "Old Coin." — The old penny, 1806, George III., should be of interest to numismatists, of whom thore aro. several In the city and suburbs. Make your own choice. J.S.— Aurora e Boroales and Austrates (Northern and Southern Polar lights), though rarely seen in Central Europe, uro frequent In the Arctic and Antarctic regions. In March, 1716, an Aurora Borealis exlondud from west of Ireland to the confines of Russia. Tho whole horizon, latitude 57dog. north, was overspread with continuous haze, a dismal red, .during a whole night Novem ber, 1766. Mr. Foster, tho companion of Captain Cook, snw the aurora In latitude 58deg. south. Tho aurora Is now attribut ed 'to tho passages of elcctrlo light through tho rarefied nlr of tho polar regions. Tn August and September,' 1859, and about Oc tober 24, 1871, when brilliant aurorae were vory frequent, tho electric telegraph wires we're seriously affected, nnd communication interrupted. A magnificent aurora appeared In New York nnd other Statos of tho Union on tho evening of Fcbrunry 13. 1892. A Danish expedition, under Lieutenant Le Coy, started for North Finland to study . the aurora, December, 1000. Tho aurora is at times visible In New South Wales and othor portions bf Australia, .A. B.C. — Tho maximum rate of pension Is £1 per week In respect of tho widow and nn additional amount of 10s per week In respect of each dependent child under J 4 years of ago. The amount payable In each case la ascertained by deducting from the maximum rate of £1 per year for each £1 by which tho not Incomo of the widow exceeds £78 per year. For this purpose a widow's Income Is deemed to include any pension or allow ance under any other Act; the earnings of the widow or hor children over 14 yonrs of age 'from personal effort; 5 per cent, of any real cr personal property of the widow or hor clnldron which produces less than 5 per cent, per year, except tho house In which they roslde and tho furniture and per sonal effects therein: 25 per cent, of the earnings of tho children, ovor 14 years of ago residing with the widow, and any pay ment for the children's maintenance or edu cation from any estate, &c.; Her income Is not deemed to Include sick allowanco or funeral honefits from any society, nor money received under an Insurance policy on the destruction or domngo of property; and If the widow Is paying rent for her home, tho amount of tho ront up to a maximum of £78 per annum is deducted from her Incomo. "Curious."— The Murray rises In the Aus tralian Alps, nnd forms the boundary be tween Now South Walos and Victoria for 1200 oMts total length of 1250 miles. It flows Into South Australia, debotichlng through the shallow Lake Aloxnndrlnn. Its basin comprises over 250.000 square miles; tho Darllng-Lnchlnn-Murrumbldgee systciiiH forming the right bank tributaries, and tho Goulburn., Campaspo, and Loddon the loft. It Is navigable to Albury In good seasons; It In eenernlly onen to Echucn. 666 milts from tho South Australian bordor, for small craft. Tho Darling River, discovered in 1828 by Cnptnln Charles Sturt, Is about 1760 miles in longth from its sourco In Queens land to Its Junction with the Murray at Wentworth. It formerly was an Indepen dent river, flowing, like the Murray and Mur- rumbldgoe, into a groat gulf, of which the floor has risen so that the three rivers unlto. Tho river is fed almost entirely by tho rains of South Queensland and north east New South Wales. Its tributaries rise in a sweep of some 700 miles. Joining tho parent stream about 40 miles below Bourko. K.V.Y. — Inquire from the secretary, Doaf, Dumb and Blind Institution, Darlington. J.E.— In tho circumstances you mention, "Rev.",, and clerical roles could not bo maintained, according to canonical law, "Anxious."— There Is no law of consan- Jrulnity to preclude flrst cousins from marry- ng. but the consensus of medical and olontlflc opinion Is against It. 