ASSISTING PRODUCERS. FEDERAL MINISTRY'S RECORDS. ST. GEORGE, July 1. Dr. Earle Page, accompanied by Mr. J. A. J. Hunter, 1I.H.R, arrived thus afternoon from Goondiwindi, and was entertained at dinner in the Shire Hall by the Balonne Shire Council. Coun- cillor Roberts presided over a large at tendance representative of the town and district. Speaking in reply to the toast of ' his health, proposed by the chairman, Dr. Page emphasised the vari- ous, wayo the Federal Government bad assisted the primary producers, by the grant of £20,000,000 spread over 10 years to the States for road construction, Qucenland alone receiving £1200 per day for this purpose; by the expenditure on telephones in »country districts, which had been greatly increased as a result oi the activity of the Country Party. Within the last five years Australia had been brought from the 20th to the fourth position among the nations-of the world in respect of the number of telephone» per 1000 persons. In 1023 the sum ii £250,000 was loaned without interest to the States, to provide vire netting on liberal terms to grazier«, dud the oií¿!Ct of this on the pastoral industry na» so marked that the Federal Government had made available £3,000,000. to the States, spread over five years, to help the grazier« to cope with the dingo and rabb.t pests by netting their holdings, and time in ciease production and further develop the back country. He advocated the market- ing of primary products by the produce» themselves, provision being made by the Federal Parliament to enable this to be successfully carried out. It waa most important in the interest« of Australia and the primary producers that they should organise and market their goode both in wie home and foreign market«, thus ensuring better prices for their pro- ducts, stimulating production, and creat- ing greater employment. The Country Party stood for a fairer deal for the country, districts and the country- iowna, believing that upon these rested a more «olid foundation for the progress of the cities. Dr. Page received a great ovation. - The toast of the Federal Parliament was proposed by Mr. A. W. Nixon, and responded to by Mr. Hunter. A PRACTICAL POLICY. Dr. Page later, addressing a well-at- tended meeting in the Shire Hall, stated that an essential factor in the Bruce Page Government's plan of development was tile provision of adequate market- ing facilities for the export of primary products, and the establishment of the Rural Credit« Department of the Com- monwealth Bank. -Last year both the Victorian and New South Wales wheat pools were financed, and the Export Control Board saved £20,000 per year by obtaining a reduction in,the maritime in- surance rates alone for'the-dairying in- dustry, and London prices of Austra'ian butter were brought up to the New Zea- land level, and almost to the Danish. In 1925 millions of pounds were saved- to the wool and wheat industries and to Australia, a» a whole, at that time a grave monetary crisis being avoided. The Council of Industrial and Scientific Re search also bad been established. The States were informed that the. Comraon vvealtb wsa prepared to proceed with the unification of railway guage» on de- finite lines, while a national main road» policy had been extended, and the great problem of immigration had been dealt with. Further, satisfactory arrange- ment« had been made with the Imperial Government for a plan of migration and development. Dr. Pago concluded hie speech by ap- pealing for' support for Mr. Maher, the Country Party candidate for the Balonne .eat. O. 0. Armstrong, St George. ' , : 