'm. PEATTI3N 'OVER-OPTIlfc. 1STIO. The 'Yorkshire Post1' thinks that the Australian' Minister for Trade nnd Customs (Mr. Pratton) is over optimistio in refcrenco to British manufacturers' probable response to his- invitation to stnrt branch fac 1/il'iVs in Allfi^rhiia. Tin*' t^mmi- cve- iTherc. is a feeling in industrial cir cles that Australia, for the time be ing, would bo better advised to de ? vclop her purchases of British manu factures. Industrialists arc most will . ing ; to examine carefully the pros pects of establishing Australian branch factories, but they have told Mr. Prnttcn that ,thc necessary long credits cannot nt present lie obtainca. (The result of the recent Cortimon ? wealth loan js regarded ns ominous lor those socking further credits for Australian enterprises, find there aro. doubts wliether Australia's rnte of immigration warrants tho immediate hiulainc of branch faotorios at heavy Australian first costs, WOOL TRAM JREV113W, ? The last wool salus revoalod tlic tound standing of raw material in the homo trade which was the largest buyer, taking 50,700 bales, compared .with the Continent's -19jG00 bales. Nevertheless, the irounufacturing end of the trade is far from' satisfactory, there ( being far too much standing machinery. This condition of all'airs 'is so 'prolonged that it has given rise to a search lor a heroic remedy . Cor respondence in the VorUshii'o Pros* shows that thore is a growing opinion .that the industry needs reorganisation in.! the. 'dircotion of collective action, iltis burdened with a municipality of small items, which are sanding up I'osts by. frequent handlings of goods. There arc numerous profits between the raw material and the finished tybrics,' and combination of all pro cesses under single management, with collective advertising and search for trade, is being advocated in in fluential circles, BUTT KB MAHKliT BIS APPOINTING., Trade in Australia and New Jiea land butters has, been disappointing during thu past month, chiclly owing t-- heavy supplies of Kuropcnn des criptions. Production in Kuropc iias _ been maintained at Hush point for much longer than usual. Owing to , heavy rains, (ionnnny has not taken her nornuil sham of Danish butler, resulting in heavier shipments of the latjtot* to iLondon. An interesting happening in Denmark has been the forestalling of speculators by a recent A'u'l, oonipolling the stamping of casks with the (Into nf miiimfnoiurr:, thus enforcing immediate marketing. Aus ,11'allan mid New Zealand butters secin, ?libwnvcr; to have touched bottom, tiuropcan supplies this Week began to show «i reduction all round, Stocks in (told stores are below those ot' lust' ,-ycnr, nnd the outlook for tho jtnmrcli n|n future presents of healthier as I'cct- . . ? AHCJBNTiNF. MKAT WAR, Tho' 'Investors' Chronicle.'1 undct 1 stands that a dcnfiilc agreement lias ' licon reached between various com 1 panics- ' fonccrncd in the Argontinc meat war. Tho Anglo-Dutch under taking will ho closed, its percentage of exports being distributed between the ?vmuaininn smaller firms, .Ycsty's and the American packers adjusted thoir differences long ngu. All companim ifi'mninintf in tho tradp have between them undertaken to find .C00,00;i a year for six years, to pay the Angln Butch Compnny's debonturc interest. The only, remaining difficulty is In re lation to freights, on which tho con ference lines nnd Voslcy's Blue Star Company have not readied agree ment. ? | 