FACTORIES FOR AUSTRALIA. m. r— ... MR. PR ATTEN'S PROJECT INTERESTED OPPOSITION. "we should buy more british GOODS." LONDON, 39i'li July. Tho project put forward m England by Air.' Pratten, Australian Aliiiister of Cus toms, for tlie establishment ".of- -branches of British factories in .Australia'' is not altogether approved in some' quarters. Tho "Yorkshire Post" says: — "Air. l'ruttcn is too optimistic iti his reference to tiio British manufacturers' probable response to his invitation to start branch factories in Australia. There is a feeling in industrial . circles that Australia for tho lime being would be butter udviseil to develop purchases of British manufactures. Industrialists are willing to carefully examine the prospects of establishing branch factories hi Aus tralia, hut t.Ucy told Air. Pratten that the necessary long credits cannot nt pre sent be obtained; Tlie result of the recent Coininoiiwcallli loan ia regarded aa ominous for those seeking further credits fur Australian enterprises, nnd there are doubts whether Australia's, rate of immi gration warrants tlic immediate building of branch factories at heavy Australian first costs." ; THE WOOL TRADE. Collective Scheme Suggested. T'lio Inst London wool sales revealed Hie sound standing of raw material. The homo trade was tho largest buyer, taking 59,799 bales, compared, to the Continent's 49', 090. Nevertheless the manufacturing end of Hie trade is far from satisfactory, there being far too much standing ma chinery. T'lio condition of affairs lias been so prolonged that it lias given rise to a search for nn heroic remedy. Cor respondence in the Yorkshire press shows the growing opinion that tho industry needs reorganisation in the direction of collective action. It is burdened by a multiplicity of small firms sending tip costs by the frequent handling of the goods, nnd the taking of numerous profits between the raw material and the 'finished fabrics. Combinations of all processes under a single management, cullective ad vertising and a search for trade are being influential!)' advocated. Australian Butter Neglected. Trade ' in Australian and New Zealand butters has been disappointing during the past month, chiefly owing to heavy sup plies, of European , descriptions. Produc tion iu Europe has been maintained at the Uiisli point for much longer than usual owing to heavy rains.' Germany has not tnken her normal share of Danish butter, with tlie /result that heavier ship ments of Danish have been sent to Lon don. It is interesting to note that Den mark has forestalled speculators by her recent act 'compelling the stamping of casks with the date of 'manufacture, thus enforcing immediate' < marketing. \- Australian nnd New Zealand 1 butler prices seem, however, to -have touched bottom, as European supplies tins week began to show a reduction nil round. Stocks in cold stores nre below Inst year'R qutiiiiil)',' rind the outlook for- tho imme diate future presents a- healthier aspect. Big Meat Trade Agreement. According to tlie 'Investors' Chronicle" a definite agreement lias been reached between the various companies concerned in the Argentine meat war.. The Auglo- . Dutch- undertaking will bo clpsed, its /percentage ; of exports ..being distributed between the .remaining smaller "firms". Yesicys' and the American .packers hav ing adjusted their diltrt'eiiees1. long ago. All' (ho. companies remaining in the ti'ade hiive lictwcon litem' .undertaken / to ' find £99,090 a year -for six. yenrs: to pay tlic Anglo-Duleli companj'V debenture inte rest. The only . remaining ''.difficulty is Hint of freights, regarding- winch tiio Con ference linos and. Vestej's' Blue Star lino 'have not j'ct "reached agreement. British Trade Position. Commentators derive cold comfort from Sir Philip Cuniiffe Lister's inquest oil tho national trade position in the House of Commons, ; The "Eacnomisl" says: — "Tho most notable feature of the debate was the revelation of deep-seated uneasiness among all parties. The volume of net imports for tlie first quarter of 1927 came to 132 per cent., and- in the' second quarter to 127 per eent.'icf Hie 1013' figures, while tlie. exports for ..the- same . periods were only 70.7 per cent, and 78.59 per cent. : respectively of tlie -7.013' figures. Great .Britain's .adverse trade balance has grown from £70,500,000 in the first half 'of 1913 to' £209,500,000 this -year. ' The nation is living on invisible receipts lo a more significant extent than . before .the war, respiting in a lower cnpoeily to make capital investments abroad." Tlxo Money Market. The. new necount Stock - Exchange' opened with a. fail- amount of- liveliness, but tlie .approach of .tho h'ohdriy. became- a domi nant fuctor, and .generally quiet markets ensued. Prices 'maintained Hi surprising degree of strength, however. Gilt- edged securities wore very firm, "with some re cently- issued colonial stocks in steady demand. A-.-moycmeiit -of exchange to Its discount against Australia is attri buted to a material reduction in the London' funds of the Australian banks. '.I his is ii partly seasonal development, but it has assumed unusually large ' pyo- portions owing to Australia's recent heavy imports, , while the outlook for the com ing Australian export season is less favor-, able owing lo the severe drought in some districts; ' ' ' ' ' 