AUSTRALIA'S PERPLEXING PROBLEMS.' I It lias been well said that 'where there is 110 vision the people i perish.' Australia's problems, which are many, and — -to us, at leapt i — great, must be faced and overcome if we ever are to bulk at all in the world, under the aegis of the British Empire. Under other auspices we shall not perhaps be nearly so fortunate. Now, .to over come our problems Ave need both vision and determination — the ability to see, i.e., to think, clearly; the resolution to grapple with what we see and realise. Are we doing so to-day ? in tne nrst piace, icz us raice zne au-imponaiii quusuun uj. il lation, Avith which is bound up, inextricably, the matter of immigra tion. On an area of some 2,948,366 square miles — much of which, admittedly, is quite valueless to-day, but when future developments in science, agriculture, and chemistry may make both useful and invaluable — Ave have a population of a little over six millions. . j Taking Asia, Ave find a condition of things 'in China, Japan, and. Malaysia, that constitutes a very real and perpetual menace for us. Mr. Basil Matthews, in his book, 'The Clash of Colour,' gives us some disquieting figures. On the eastern littoral of Asia lie China and Japan, containing betAveen them some 500,000,000 people — more than one-fourth of the human race. China, though noAv negligible by civilised Powers, may suddenly become a formidable organised nation. If so, AA-hat is likely to happen under the double urge of a neAv orientation and terrific congestion? The population of China is increasing by about six millions a year; that of Japan by about a million annually. Add to China and Japan, India and Burma, the East Indies, Java, and Malaysia, and you get a coloured population of 1,000,000,000, or considerably more than half of the human race ! And they arc all of them next door to us ! To quote Mr. Matthews: 'Eastern Asia is a boAvl Avhose millions are spilling over the Pacific brim.' Hoav is Australia going to get a population of the best Avhite stock unless Ave at once set about encour aging the British, Norwegian. Danish and other true Nordic nations' to come'here and help to develop the State? As the President of the Nordic Society of the United States recently pointed out, in five generations the average couple of British, or Scandinavian, blood lenA-e 4fi0 dpsp.pndants ; thr- 'Mpditerrannnn lirpprls ' influrlino' flip Italians, leave 16,000 descendants from one original couple after five generations. Next comes our 'industrial' problem. Thanks to adult suffrage and the removal of all wise restriction on the franchise, political power lias been handed over to th,e mediocrities and loAver order , of intellects; and these, in their turn, have messed-up everything they ha\Te been able to touch, in the sacred name of 'industrialism.' Debased politics and corrupt- public life consequently distinguish our times; they are accompanied by class-hate, and 'one class' feeling, Avhich take the form of constant upheaA-al in the affairs and business of the community; AArhile a spurious 'humanitarianism' and a system of grandmotherly coddling and spoon-feeding of the Avorthless,. the Avasters, and the criminal has paralysed the old, independent, self reliant and vigorous spirit of our people. Nobody, we take it, wants to see a decadent Australia? Then Ave must face and overcome the 'industrial' and 'one- class' problem. Lastly, let us look at our money-problems, which are many, and which daily groAV more pressing. To-day we all need more money than ever; but it is hard to come by and, Avlien obtained, has lost more than a third of its purchasing poAver! Everybody is getting higher pay than they ever got before ; but it is like Dead Sea fruit — it turns to ashes, so to speak, as soon as it is touched. The more Ave 'progress.' the Avorse off Ave seem to get! 'We are like a Tdtten chasing and clawing its oavii tail; and, unlike the kitten, the further and faster Ave go, the less Are are satisfied. Our national life has become the faithful reflex of the hectic life lived by the majority of our people — and especially by our young people, Avho are giAring up to empty pleasures what is meant for a full and useful life. Heaven forbid that Ave should turn preachers ; but the fact is staring ns in the face— the problem is there ! Hoav are we to flourish as a State, or as individuals, if Ave continue a mad Avhirl of Avaste, extravagance, loans, taxes, imposts, burdens of every kind? Hoav can industry prosper Avhen all the aA'ailable money is soaked up by the Government sponges, or. at the best, put into bonds and certificates, instead of going back into industry. 'Why must Ave keep borroAving — and from foreigners? 