*wSm? ? -\ ?jm^^^—r ? ? ? ?- ? 1 ? ^_ _ ? '' ' ? 'i?^ t~*' ' ' — SI '**' ess— — — '~ \ ? - u.m.nn values Under Capitalism One of the charges agamst Capitalism ;s that it perverts the viewpoint, with ' Vhldi the affairs -o£-4ifo-*fe-»gai5aifl^ -illiuK the £.*.*. yardstick above the Tuman in the matter of appraising tr't.^'S^?^^ British physician, a Nobel Prwe winner for his Seawhfs -» medicine, head of the 3,. ? i. i.,.-jHiif« for the investigation 1 topical diseases, and a scholar with * ^Station in directions other than liis own profession. in a recent utterance Sir Ronald is ,-irtHl to have made out the case Jainsi the mosquito thus: '?The damage the mosquito does costs „, millions annually, so it is time the i'nmiiv look an intelligent interest in |V work '1' ^ prevention j.:iu|.I.MsisiiiK the point, h© went t*i : ..rut/n-iunuu'ly. there are still many ,i.,n1l,is who do not realise that they '111 ln'«i ssivo the expense the insect 1,,'k ii«-iii li.v spending a littlo money dii pi t-\ on t ion.'* T L njowiuito is well known as a dis fa,.,:,rn,r, bringing often enough, lei-ious illiK-h.s and death with its sting. trd iJiM-s and death, what do they '..iiiioi.-- Anxiety, sorrow, tears, and I ,.l,K,iu of bereavement over a do ;' i^ riivlo? Not insofar as the 10ll.(l ,vn..«rk of Sir Ronald Ross is ,„;„,„„!. If these things, enter into (i ,|,i)iit i hoy do so only incidentally ','] ?!- mailers of but little moment. v'i ,'j ? vil wrought by the mosquito is finiiiHl.in' 'f much more importance ,-,..,. ii, iv human lives— it means finaii '.!i |,,- ;i shrinkage of receipts and an ,,;,,,,.„.' in outlay, a drop in produc tion a ????ill. perhaps, on the National Th..r ai 'Miy mto- is the only con Mrm-ii.'ni that' can bo placed upon an i^li. ii'i.-tit that s«s in the bite of the jni-qHiio iioiliing but the expense to v.liirh employers nre put that works out at million annually. ♦:♦ ?- ♦- The Drake-Brockman Appointment Th.t i?'C appointment of ex-Senator nr't'o-Unu- kinan to the newly created .,.;,, ,:n iho llem-li of the Federal Arbi M-atvn Court has aroused a storm of iVuhty i)''t only front Labor quar-r v:- iii'u' ironi public opinion generally, i\Vh-.pchil sign of a reviving healthy i:it,.v-i in public affairs. It will bo ii.iui, fp'iii reports published in other r .-lit:iiii.- c! the. present issue of the 'WimIci- ' iliai strong protest has been iMv l.\ i he Victorian A.L.P. Confer i-iim' iiii)H- MttiuiO, by many unions, ;^iid l.y iho 1-aW PreEs throughout the Statos. ()iii-iilc Labor circles equally strong f.l.jfcii.m has been aroused. It is jiuii'uMo that many of the daily news pnju'is that, have hitherto strongly sujp u,rt--l iii-' Hrm-o Cabinet in all its nus iimls ar-\ on this occa-sion, either iivoi'liii- olinniont or offering merely a jvriinn-i...ry -teteiw-» of the Cabinets ii.iimi while several of them are at lii-kini' it. with not less hostility than is sh.tun liy Labor and' on the same poun-!* i A principle on which tho J,:i!nr ni.je.iiMii to tho appointment is ??;n;iflc Tho Molbourno 'Age,' for instance, k!1.vs : ' 'i»i -.it.'.sts auainKt the appointment of Mr. Drako-llrwkmnn as 'Judge of -to CoiiiinMiiwijilth Arbitration Court will not l«- (wiiiiiitd to those promptly en t'.'ivd l.y orjiauisod Labor. The whole (onnjmiiity will be startled and dis mayed at the announcement made by the h-imc Minister that the ex Xati'mniisx Senator, ex-Government Whip, and ox- Prosidont of the Inter Ftat© Knij»loyers' Federation has been elevated to this most responsible judi cial position. Is some evil . genius lurched at the ear of Mr. Bruce, jirompting him to actions that strain almost to breaking point the loyalty of bis followers, and place in jeopardy his most valuable asset — the confidence of the public?' {^ And after setting forth the more than sufficient reasons for recalling the ap jioinrnir lit, the 'Age1' concludes: 'Mr. Uiuin, Mr. Latham (as Attor noy-doii! ?ml), and other Cabinet Minis fJs win i L^.ivc their approval have made ii crasv mistake from tlve-standpoint of their own political reputations, but, ivorse than that, they have thrown a HpiuitHT into the arbitration machinery ol their own remodelling, and quite j-o*.sil.]y the destructive effect will be fHt throughout Australia unless con fuleiifo is promptly restored. TJi-- issues at stake are so important, .'ind Ihc mistake is so obvious, that ex ? epiional measures are not only justi fied, hut imperative. ... To press on with tho unwise appointment would he \v»rsp than folly, as the Prime Min ister must now recognise.' While all Labor will concur with the protest made by Crofts, President of % A.L.P. in Victoria, it is needful to point out here that this gentleman is, to some extent, now reaping where he soued. With his brother official, Hol lowny. oT the Melbourne Trades Hall, he supported Bruce1 s Industrial Refer pmhun. which aimed at the destruction of the Federal Arbitration Court and the substitution of a group of Commis sioners in its place It is particularly J^fegunate that Bruce, at this impor taut juncture, should he able to claim having received the support of any sec tion of Labor in his endeavor to destroy an institution that is based on Labor principles, and that, provided it be kept free of such outrage as is -now offered, is a vital part of the necessary machin ery for securing the orderly growth of a -highly-organised community as in Australia. Bruce' s contempt for public opinion and his disregard for other qualifica tions than personal claim upon himself or his party in the many important appointments he has made have already been popularly noted ; so much so that much guessing had already been done about what provision he would make for Drake-Brookman. A Sydney paper says that at any time within the last few weeks Bruce know exactly where to find tho man for the next new job — waiting outside on the doormat. ♦ -? -♦ Our 'Empty Spaoes' Again Last week's cabled announcement that England, with a population of 649 to the square mile, is now the most densely populated* country in the world has again roused the Tory Press to ask in alarmed tones what we are going to do about Australia's vast empty spaces, and what we shall answer 'when, in the words of Bruce, 'Australia is called to the bar of the world's opinion' ' to explain why it, too, is not carrying 649 inhabitants to the square mile. Obviously a concerted drive is being made with a renewed propaganda against the White Australia policy^ and obviously this Tory propaganda (if not directly instigated by it) has the back ing of the Bruce Government. Some weeks ago a learned ass, who is described by the Tory Press as one 'J. S. Lyng, formerly a' Danish military officer, now in the' Commonwealth service,' was awarded the Harbison-Higinbotham Research Scholarship of the Melbourne University for a thesis on the problem of Australia's migration. In Lyng's Federal Tory environment, treason to Australia's fore-front na tional ideal would be the shortest road to favor. It would be so, too, in the Tory- dominated Melbourne University. Lyng picked an easy winner. He wrote a cheap labor tract that, from any point of view, has not sufficient merit to find publication as a free con tribution to the meanest and hardest pushed daily tripe-wrapper. But it ad vocated cheap labor — and he collected the University prize. A Tory journal which gives Lyng loud applause thus summarises his argument : 'He declares that if the- percentage of primary producers continues to de cline at the same average rate as dur ing tho past fifty yeaTs there will he none left in 1985. He strongly recom mends encouraging the migration of agriculturists from Northern Italy, Jugoslavia, and other Balkan peoples, because he believes that they alone will establish a rural tradition and a popu lation that will stay on the land. Lyng says that while less than 56 per cent of the Nordic stock have remained on the land the statistics show that practically the whole of tho Alpine peoples who settled on the land have stayed there. He says that 'the Al pines are frugal, hard-working plodders, who possess thnt intense love of the land which makes them cling to it, generation after generation, whilst the Nordic race so strongly represented in Australia, has always been fond of sport and athletic prowess.' He argues that only by a complete reversal of her immigration policy, and by encouraging the Alpine races can Australia prevent the complete depletion of her rural population.' A further winning merit of Lyng's paper no doubt was its careful avoid ance of any suggestion of tho desir ability of promoting immigration from the British Islands, whose people, by reason of their consanguinity with Aus tralia's people have first claim to ad mittance as migrants; and who, if den-,. sity of population in their own coun try is to be accepted as giving a right, have there, too, first claim, Lyng pre fers any cheap-labor European as a migrant — and it is to be noted that his list jealously excludes any Euro pean who does not belong to the cheap labor classification. It was almost concurrently with the publication of Lyng's paper that Bruce (at the Agricultural Show in Sydney on April 13) made tho windy speech about tho 'bar of world opinion, ' and 'the necessity of rapidly populating this continent so as to demonstrate to tho world our right to maintain (he meant retain) it.' If we must have a huge immigration, what is the matter with having it British ? Is it that the hungriness for reasonable wages and conditions de monstrated lately in various big up heavals in England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales has disqualified the people of those countries in the one respect in which migration commands Australian Tory attention P The avowed prefer ence by Bruce and his satellites for the cheap-labor peoples of Europe is surely a sufficient answer to that question. Bruce has so persistently fought the White Australia policy as to give more than sufficient cause for his being re garded with suspicion. And the ques tion which his growing uneasiness about migration and the continual harping upon the desirability of cheap labor migr&uts; suggests is whether he, when roaming unwatched in Europe lately, has committed himself to an agreement or promise to accept such 'Migration from particular countries. t Unskilled Labor Threatened Interviewed by the Sydney 'Daily Guardian's' representative in New York, E. Grayndler, General Secretary of the A.W.D., who is a member of the Australian Industrial Mission at present in America, is reported as saying, in re ply to a question regarding compiiiisnn of American wages with Australian wages: 'It ?s difficult to say whether the rate is higher -than in Australia until the cost of living figures for both coun tries have been carefully examined. Most unskilled labor here is badly paid, due to the fact that it is mostly per formed by foreigners accustomed to a low scale of living.' Grayndler also said lie saw much un employment. In Detroit he waited alongside a line of unemployed workers, out-mie one of the big automobile fac tories, and out of 500 applicants only four secured jobs. Green, president of the American Federation of L&bor;, has given Graynd ler letters introducing him to the prin cipal labor leaders in Philadelphia, Bos ton, and other big centres in the .Eastern States. ' 'Green's task in fighting the Com munists,' Grayndler concluded, 'some- what resembles the position in Aus tralia. I have found that sentiment is overwhelmingly in favor of the Ameri can Federation of Labor, and that the Communists are steadily losing ground.' Grayndler' s statement that in the U.S.A., 'unskilled labor is badly paid' owing to its being done by 'foreigners accustomed to a low scale of living' is of vital interest to Australian workers at this moment, because of its bearing upon the blackguardly policy of the pre sent Federal Government in promoting immigration of precisely this type of foreigner, and at the same time dis couraging the influx of suitable mi grants. On exactly the same day that Grayndler' s message was cabled, the following news appeared in the daily Press : 'One of the most polyglot contingents of migrants ever landed in Melbourne arrived by the Messageries Maritimes steamer Ville de Strasbourg yesterday. The vessel had 536 persons aboard on first reaching Australian waters. This number comprised Poles, Jugo- Slavs, Greeks, Estnonians. Servians, Aus trians, Russians, Indians. Syrians, Levantines, Palestinians, Italians, and Spaniards, the majority of whom will be absorbed in the agricultural and pas toral districts of Australia. The Mel bourne quota consisted of 165 passen gers, including a party of Greeks, who are victims of the stabilisation of the French franc. These men were formerly employed in France, and stated that preference in employment was now be ina given to Frenohmen, resulting in a natural exodus of a large number of . , ? ; I'! ' ? -????'. ' ?? ?... ? ? -Vl . ?.-.': iorgign&rt; formerly employed in French manufacturing GBtttres. e ~ 7 'Melbourne passengers who arrived 43y-tiio steamer -strongly condemned the class of migrant) earned, especially -tfaosB^emowked at Port Said and Jaffa; ? and considered that some of them would prove a grave menace to Aus tralia. They were unanimously of opinion that a more severe language test should be required.' ~ — ~ — ~~ ? ?? This particular ' 'polyglot contingent' is no novelty. It is but the latest in the continuous series of cheap-labor in vasions of Australia, which has been cunningly engineered by the present Federal Government ever since it at tained power. Its cumulative effect is due to be felt very shortly. Let it be noted by the workers who have in them sufficient manhood to take thought for themselves and for their class1 that, in the present situa tian as set out above, it is the unskilled workers of Australia that are threat ened with disaster by this cheap-labor invasion, .Let it be noted, too, that the 'comrades' whose dope and machina tions helped to defeat Labor* at the last Federal electiomr-fand thus made this assault on labor conditions pos sible), and who are now actively aiid openly engaged in disrupting the Labor , Movement Jn all its phases so as to leave it helpless before its enemy, are — none of them — of-Jthe^j-anks of un skilled labor. Their own camps are well sheltered, and they will take care to keep them bo. That these skunks should over havo got a place in the forefront of tho Labor Movement, or that, l-eirig there, they should be permitted to remain where tbeir dirty work is so easily visible, is the saddest and sorest re flection thnt any intelligent worker, skilled or unskilled, can chew o?er. ♦ ♦ ♦- The Red Wreckers in New South Wales The vacillating Lang, Labor Premier of New South Wales, has during the last few weeks succeeded in making himself politically an equally pitiable and contemptible figure. In one respect only have his vacillations proved ser viceable They help to destroy tho popular belief that a heavy and promi nent jaw is an infallible physiognomical indication of strength of character and inflexibility of purpose. Lang wavers between two allegiances. To Jock Garden and the 'Reds' on one side, and, on the other, to the Labor Party and its principles. At any day of the past few weeks he could be found fervidly swearing himself to the one allegiance, and on the morrow repudiat ing it to swear himself just as fervidly to the other allegiance. The story of this see-sawing is too puerile and too unprofitable to warrant relation here in detail. It is sufficient to say that Lang's actions make a practical confes sion that he 'dumio where he are' at any given moment, and still less knows where lie .will be the next moment. Not one of Lang's Cabinet, bar Willis has any sympathy for tho leader's 'Bed' leanings. The conse quence is that, in his Ministerial en vironment, Lang boldly declares htfBr self against the Communist attempted disruption of the Labor Party,. Escap ing that environment, and with Willis or Garden at his elbow. Lang whoops for and with the disrupters. As probably already known to 'Worker' readers, the present Com munist^ffort at disruption of the New South Wales Labor Party has taken the cunningly clever form of a boims Labor Conference, whose doings are being broadcast throughout the Coirfmon wealth as if they were the proceedings of a genuine and constitutionally elect ed conference. As the Sydney, 'Worker' nuts it: 'Scale's Conference has no authority of any kind that is worth a rap. It can confer no powersl it can inflict no penalties. Its decisions are not binding on anyone within the fold of the real Labor Movement. It is merely the creation of Willis and his private secre tary, a creation to which the 'Bed' ele ment, with their own objective con stantly before them, and with Garden and the Communist Party hovering anxiously in the background, have en deavored to impart some semblance of life.' This bogus conference has difficulty in keeping a quorum, except when Lang visits it. In their shameless im pudence its members allow their Com munist trickiness to make itself plainly visible. At Lang's request they altered their 'Red Rules' so as to make them, explicitly exclude Communists. Any thing to oblige Mr. Lang, of course. But the same Willis-Vqigf rules still retain the straight-out direction that if Communists aro elected as the repre sentatives of affiliated trade unions, they shall be admitted without ques tion. Whether Lang is the willing dupe of the Communists, or merely a 'mug,' is not a question of any moment. The fact that ho, a pledged member of the Labor Party and a Labor Premier, has chosen to dally with a body deliberately bent upon disrupting Labor, is a suf ficient conviction of disloyalty to- make any other course toward him than his '.'. prompt' ejection (uloxig~witii~WilliB)~tt^ — dishonor as well as a danger to Labor* ., 