NEWS IN BRIEF. Ail increase ill the prices for ad mission to city and suburban picture theatres in Sydney is to take effect on July 23id, minimum charges lor admission to any performance being fixed at 1/- for adults and 6d. for children. ? as General disappointment lias been occasioned at the receipt of the news that the conference regarding the South Johnston (Q.) strike failed to j asree. On the other band Uiis is not surprising, as both sides have adopt ed a most determined attitude. A possible settlement has been made all the harder as a result of tbe bitter feeling thai has been engendered. There is strong evidence of this on both sides. » « » The Premiers of all the States will meet fn Sydney on July 21, as a con tinuation of the conference which was recently held in Melbourne. In addition to other business the pro posal to bold an exhibition in Sydney on the occasion of the opening of the Sydney Harbour Bridge will also be brought forward. * * * News from Dresden (Germany) states that the number of deaths as a result of the cloud-burst are now estimated at 200. and that the death roll is mounting steadily as bodies are being discovered in out-of-the way places, many of which have been mutilated beyond recognition. The damage is estimated at £S00,000. . * m Commander Ryrd announces that a crew of 30 to 40 will accompany him on his South Pole expedition, setting out by water to New Zealand. A second aeroplane will carry 50 sledge dogs with Eskimo masters. The great Danish airman, Jolian son, proposes to fly from Copenhagen (Denmark) to New \ork, stay 12 hours, and fly back to Paris (France) . « » Keith Raymond Morgan, aged two years, of Granville. (N.S.W. I was fatally injured when the contents of a small jug of boiling custard fell on liis face and arms. 9 * * For Coughs and Colds, never fails. Woods' Great Teppermiiit Care * * » At Shanghai, financial and diplo matic circles are seriously perturbed over tbe projected flotation of a 60, 000.000 dollar loan by the Nankin Government, with the salt revenue as securitv. . * * A fire which broke out in Crown's Iluildings, Chalmer's Street, Sydney, oplKisite the CentraJ Railway Station shortly before 4 o'clock on Tuesday morning, caused damage to the ex tent of £100,000. . * * A terrible earthquake at Jerusa lem crackejl the small dome of the Holy Sepulchre, while other build ings in the Old City collapsed. An hotel crashed in Jericho, burying 3 tourists. There was serious loss of life and damage in the Mount of Olives. Later it was reported that 300 were killed while the quake last ed 40 seconds. Dublin message states that nine youths have been arrested OIL SUS pision of complicity in the assassina tion of the Vice-President and Mini ster for Justice of the Irish Free State. (Mr. Kevin O'HigginB). * » » Sergi Drujelowski against whom many charges of forgery and falsi ficaiion of documents were preferred including the authorship of the Zino vieff letter, has been sentenced to death at Moscow. . . * A Gibraltar (Spain) message states that the sentence of death which was recently pased on Lieut. Duffield for fatally shooting his su perior officer has been commuted to penal servitude for life. At Junee (N.S.W.) on Tuesday a young child named Clifford Isaacs, was being bathed by his mottier when a pot of boiling water fell on him, inflicting terrible scalds. The child was taken to hospital where he died. Replying to a question in the House of Commons, on Monday, the Secretary of State for the Dominions (Mr. F. S. Amery) said that the to tal British expenditure under (lie Empire Settlement Act for 62,50'.! immigrants to Canada, Australia and New Zealand for the year ended March 31, was £1.297,499. . . » The toelief was expressed at the meeting of the Council of the Em pire Cancer Research Campaign on Tuesday, that the discovery of the cause of the disease would not long be delayed. ? * * Joseph Lacambe left his farm house near Renfrew. 100 miles south of Ottawa. (Canada), to l>e married early on Tuesday last at Renfrew to his third wife. He returned with his bride to find that four of his eight children had been burnt to death, and two others at death's dadr, whilst his home was totally de stroyed. » 4 . KEW IX THK SUXKHIYK. Never "coddle" a child subject to bronchitis. Keep it warmly clad ami in fresh air as much as possible. Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedy night and morning during the winter and changeable spring months and you will keep this weakening ailment in check. During the last 50 years. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has become the most widely used Cough Remedy in the world for the treat ment of bronchitis.-Sold by Cham lierlain's Limited, 520 Riley Street Sydney. A London message states that in the village of Hurstgreen in Sussex, :i cyclist discovered a live baby in a rabbit burrow. The child was re moved to a hospital in a critical con dition, but it is hoped it will recover. * e * A uiussage from Berlin stages that on Tuesday last, Harry Domela, a coal- heaver, who masqueraded suc cessively as Prince Willielm of Prus sia, Baron von KorfT and the Prince of Ijeven, was sentenced to seven months imprisonment. Great hilar ity prevailed during the trial, while even the Judges had to laugfr when he related his adventures. m m m A message from Winnipeg, Mani toba, states three men engaged on an aerial photographic survey were killed near Fairford, on Monday af ternoon. when the machine suddenly crashed from a height of 1,000 feet. r . . The "News of the World" states that a record non-stop railway run has been achieved between King's Cross and Newcastle-on-Tyne, (Eng land). The distance of 268 miles was done in 3 29 minutes. . » » The Ixindon "Times' 'says that Sir Joseph Duveen has purchased Mr. Robert Benson's collection of pic tures for £500,000, and It will prob ably pass to the United States. It is the most important private collec tion of Italian pictures '.n Europe. M. Ciemenceau, the "Tiger." ex president of France during the war, is seriously ill, and lias not left his room for a fortnight. His memory is failing. » «? . According to a statement made by the Superintendent of the South Australian Government Labour Ex change, 1,5 41 men are registered on the books of the exchange as out of work. Outside esl-imates put the number down at 2.000. A passenger train crashed into a herd of circus elephants at a crossing near Aurora (III., U.S.A.) recently. One of the animals was knocked down and killr-d. crushing a trainer to death. Others threw their riders and stampeded. ? . 0 Charged with havfng slashed Rup ert tarr. a coloured man, with a raz or in Sydney on April 18, Claude Taylor (41), wharf labourer, was on Wednesday last sentenced by Judgt Edwards at the Quarter Sessions to five years' penal servitude and to re ceive a flogging. Carr informed the court that he had to have 49 stitches inserted. . . . Woods' Great Pepj>erm\nt Cnre For Influenza Colds. Stanley Crouier Wraith (34) was killed when he fell from his motor cycle and was run over by a heavy motor truck at Royal Park (Mel bourne, on Wednesday morning. . » . There is a panic among Russian peasants as the outcome of "Defence Week" in Russia. Fearing that their grain and cattle will be com mandeered the peasants are selling horses for a mere song. "Pravda," the official Communist organ, has added to the panic by declaring that he people tnust realise-that not be averted. * » c At Cairns (Q.) both sections of the watersiders were working on Wednesday handling sugar and working the steamer Canonbar, 39 of the Dillon section and 61 of the Brophy section having been picked up at the usual waiting shed. . . . Large seizures of opium were made at Calcutta last Wednesday, when a gang of Moslems were de tected by the Customs officials con veying a cargo worth £6,000 in bags from a ship in the dock to the shore. . . * In the House of Commons on Tues day the Solicitor General for Scot land (Mr. A. M. MacRobert, K.C.), announced that the Ministry for Ag riculture and the Scottish Board of Agriculture jointly would Investi gate M. Voronoff's claim to increase t)ie size of sheep and the value of the wool, by means of gland operations. m M M The latest reports regarding the earthquakes in Palestine* are that the disaster Is the worst experienced for 1,200 years. The death roll has am ounted to 1,000, the majority of the victims beins in Trans-Jordania. » » . At a meeting of the Council of the Royal Agricultural Society of Victor ia on Wednesday, It was decided ow ing to the prevalence in the State of swine fever and the danger of exhib iting pigs to abandon all classes of swine at the forthcoming show in September next. M » M The State Cabinet, Sydney, has de cided that wherever practicable a five-day working week should ope rate in tlie State Public Service. Jt was subsequently explained that the matter came before the .'Ministry on ' the- recommendation of tbe-'Premier (Mr. Lang). * * . At a level crossing at Dry Creek, a few miles north of Adelaide, on Wed nesday, A. IJ. Killiecoat, of Adelaide, was killed when a motor car which lie was driving was struck by a rail car. Two Turin. (Italy) millionaires have been sentenced to two years ex ile for refusing to obey a Fascist de cree of reducements in rents. . . . Paris newspapers believe thai, a new commercial agreement between France and Germany based on most favoured nation treatment is likely to be signed at an early date. . * » A fearful fate befel James Oates on Friday last. Oats, who was a widower and the father of six young «WMml, MMliiyai.jfl ^ cable fac tory at Prescot. England, was walk ing above a tank containing oil heat ed to 290 degrees when the plank broke and he fell in, being killed in stantly. . . . A Mrs. Hope Leontough, of Toron to (Canada), died on the 9th of July after fasting for 55 days in an at tempt to cure indigestion. * . * No further advices have been re ceived by the State Navigation De partment concerning the floating mine that is reported to have been seen seven miles south of Twofold Bay (N.S.W.). So far as can be as certained no action has yet been tak en by the Naval authorities. » . » The r»olice believe that discontent ed pu 3 were responsible for two outbr^' ts of fire which occurred at the ^rrickville (N.S.W.) public school-n Saturday last. Fortunate ly th< res were discovered in time to any great damage. . * . A i orce petition -which has been heard at Prague (Czechoslovakia ) is believed to be unprecedented. A soldier 28 years of age, who was blinded at the war, is seeking a di vorce decree against his blind wife, who Is 48 years, on the ground that she deceived him regarding her age and appearance. . . m The returns for the general elec tions indicate an overwhelming vic tory for M. Bratiano's new Liberal Government at Bucharest (Rouman ian >The Liberals secured 328 seals, the National peasants 46, and the minorities block 14. The Liberals had only 15 Beats in the last Parlia ment. * . * As he emerged from a church at Hainault with his bride on his arm last Sunday, a young Italian remon strated with a drunken Fleming who tried to kiss the bride. The intrud er fatally stabbed the bridegroom, and the priest gave the last sacra ment five minutes after performing the marriage. * . . Despite Mr. J. H. Thomas' strenu ous opposition, the National , Union of Rail way men in conference at Car lisle condemned the Government for allowing political prejudice to inter fere with Russian relations and de manding their resumption. * . . According to a Wyndham message, the fate of a stockman named Wil liam Cleary (74) who has been miss ing since November 24 last, has been determined by the finding of remains and artlQies which are supposed to belong to .the missing man. It ap pears that Cleary left "JHirkey Creek on horseback for Wyndham but was not seen again. Traces found at recently aty Lagoon Yard, near the .Argyle Dotrns station lead to the be lief that the man set fire to a stack of wood and. placing himself on top. cut his throat, charred bones amidst the burnt timber and his pack and other belongings giving ground for this belief. . . * For the financial year just entered upon, the State Government or New South Wales has decided to make available on the estimates a sum of £8,000,000 for electrification of the city and subtfrban railways, and for the approaches to the Harbour Bridge. « . . Hernam Singh, an Indian hawker, was committed for trial on a charge of having murdered Charlotte Haley (60) at Kialla (V.), a township near .Shepparton, on June 4 last, following an inquiry on Monday by the Acting Coroner. Deceased was found with twenty knife wounds in her body, which was charred with fire, accused evidently having endeavoured to burn the remains. . . . The "Matin" (Paris) states that the French airman Drcruhin will re ceive £40,ffD0 for piloting Levine back to the United States in the Col umbia, the machine in which Cham berlain and Levine made their flight to Europe. The Sydney Aero Club claims that it has established a record, having trained 25 pilots during the past 12 months. Three pupils were passed as jrilots by the examining oHicr of the Australian Air Force last Mon day. A Brisbane message says that a sickness which resulted in .tin- deatli of several cats in the business por tion of Townsville (Q.) has been di agnosed as plague. * * * SI'KKDlI.V GOT HID OK. A bilious attack can be sji'-edily dispelled by a dose of Chamberlain's Tablets. They act quickly on the liver and bowels and at the same time allay the disturbance of th«' stomach. Even the most bilious per sons can keep themselves free from the attacks by the occasional use of Chamberlain's Tablets. "There's a Smile in every Tablet." Sold by Chamberlain's Limited, D2f) Riley Street, Sydney. 