-' - - a. -?v .? WhetfteitrUcks Ui Syah^y. tb-fiayis quoted at p/§J. ? ^t ..haS' bfcan definitely decided that the SHite Pifrliamont will meet on 3rd November, : Jpjm Qbarles Stewart a prisoner un dergoing , a; life; sentence : for . murder, esc^pGdft-amvthc.ratBift Labor Prison yesterday and iB atUl atlargo. Haying crawled beneath her cot to escapefroin the flames. Margaret Nic feoH% igpd two add half years, was burnt to ideath in a fire wUlch partially destroyed ier homo, i in Surrey Hills last night. . The mother made a frantic searchfoirthe child when <jhe discovered thefiro, btt bailed to locate her. It was not until the ilre Jiad been ex tinguished ' that the eharrod body was recovered. The triable between the Railway Do pMOnentajbd its employees at Islington (South. Australia), extended yesterday whenmoiiiders employed by Mason and Cox, Ltd., ateel .founders, Southwark, leased work under instructions from the TrodCB Hall Disputes Committee, which determined to stop supplies of castings reaching the Department. The Federal Industrial Commissioner . has decided to intervene in the dispute oa Monday unless a settlement is reached meantime. The second reading of the Housing Bill waB agreed to by the House of : Representatives without a division. Melbourne: In the Criminal Court Peter Basmussen, 44, a Danish miner, was acquitted of the alleged murder of Gordon Jenner, aged 30, a miner at: Wionthaggi, Basmussen, in evidence, said that Jenner had been' interfering with Mrs. Basmussen on the night-of; the tragedy, . Addressing the'. Trades and Labor Council Mr. Davidson, M.L.A. ascribed the defeat ;bf the. Labor Party to the hostile.A.W.U. propaganda, the "Bed" bogey and. the Child ^Endowment. Mr. Garden, secretary of the Council, caused a surprise, by, stating that if Mr. Lang had .repudiated him the Labor Party would, have won lite elections. He added that small business men in the country, considering that they had Men hard hit by the Child Endowment pro posals,' bad aetod as agents issuing pro paganda against the Lang Administra tion. A man was arrested at the point of a revolver in premises of a tyre repairing company in' Darlinghurst late last night. Part of the proceeds ,of a robbery com mitted in a'house at Centennial Park last Saturday, including a letter which was &ken; irom the premises, is alleged to be found in his possession. A . message from Freemantle states that Si .Chinese were discovered last night hidden in the Dutch steamer Almkerk. They were being smuggled ashore at various Australian ports. Many were unconscious and it is re ported that eight were either dead or dying. Customs officials, before drag ging the men from a huge tank, had to protect themselves with gas masks. It is believed the men have been for 33 days confined1 in a ballast tank, which held fottl water over a foot in depth. The dreadful odours from the tank sickened the rescuers. Bichard Dennis Holt, the manager of Knott's sawmill at Arkins' Creek, Victoria, was cfinght in the belting of the machinery and whirled to death. .Tho body was shockingly mutilated. The voluntary wheat pool has decid ed to mkke a third payment of four-, pence per bushel net on November 1st, making a total payment to date of 4/10 a bushel; less freight. The township of Soddon Greta was threatened by fire yesterday, but the flames were finally got in check by the townspeople with the aid of the local fire brigade. Several lighters wore overcome with,heat and smoke. Aie&itSer; Eentonl, 15, of Haw thorne, near. Melbourne, who was to have appeared before the'Children's Cpurt as the result of some youthful offence, took cyanide and died a few hours later. , Leckie's timber yard at Summer Hill wae-deBtrpyed ,by fire early this morn ing. One house adjoining, the yard was also destroyed, and others con siderably damaged. fting ChoVy a Chinese vegetable dealer, who,was on remand on a charge 'of havingharboured a, prohibited im migrant, was fomyl. dead in, his, hut at itaiebt last night. There were no in&tks; Of violence on the body, and the police Btate that no suspicious eircum jifctfe ibeen with his death. T . Later. "ilr. T. J. Hoskins, ex-M.L.A., who was defeated bythe selected Nationa list,* Mr. Ness, cor the ©ulwich Hill #6ct6Eate,]»|>oaking at a social function &t; i sight, dfeblared he was beaten by £u Tflnr - Kian methods. ,^J?h£.tthf&e; broilers, Herbert William Higgs, .Brnce .Dbubleday Higgs,. and WflfikmnGu^ Higgs, charged with the mffiie'r. fclStonfcld LacSilan_LcBlie, were the Police Court this morning. i SergCant DenhiB applied, for a ,$irtlier -wananfi. , He said the Cor bn^i Miin^t liid not yet been fixed. Tho -accused were remanded till 28th QfJ*>lier..- ifiailwaa refused. heavy rain Southern Tablelands and in the South Coast areas. A_ .Bill . has been drafted by the Council of the Aus tralian .Jtusiciaiis' Union, which has f8r its ftfan the exclusion of foreigners, and its direct result is American hos tility towards tho Commonwealth Band. Miembfeni of Parliament .are to be hBkM to ^ivA -the measure their sup piirt. " . . 