TRADE REVIEW Australia's Heavy Imports NEEDS OF WOOL INDUSTRY LONDON, Saturday. The Stock Exchange opened with a fair amount of liveliness, but the ap proach of August bank holiday be came the dominant factor, and gene-- rally quiet markets ensued, but prices maintained a surprising degree of strength. Gilt-edged securities were very firm, with some recently-issued Colonial stocks in steady demand. The movement of the exchange rate to 18 discount against Australia was attributed to a material reduction in the London funds of Australian banks. This, although partly a seasonal deve lopment, assumed unusually large pro portions owing to Australia's, recent heavy imports, while the outlook for the coming Australian export season is less favorable, owing to the severe drought in some districts. ADVERSE TRADE BALANCE. Commentators derive cold comfort from Sir Philip CunlifEe-Lister's .in quest on the national trade position in the Commons. The "Economist" says the most not able feature of the debate was the re velation of deep-seated uneasiness among all parties. The volume of British net imports for the first quarter of 1927 came to 132 per cent., and for. the second quar ter 127 per cent, of 1913 figures. The exports for the same period were only 75.7 per cent." and 78.5 per cent, re spectively of 1913 figures. Britain's adverse trade balance has grown from £70,500,000 for the first half of 1913 to £209,500,000 for the similar term of this year. The "Economist" expresses the opinion that the nation is living on invisible receipts to a more sig nificant extent than before the war, resulting in a lower capacity to make capital investments abroad. AUSTRALIAN BRANCH FACTORIES The "Yorkshire Post" thinks Mr. Pratten is over-optimistic in his refer ence to British manufacturers' pro bable response to an invitation to start branch factories in Australia. The. paper says: "There is a feeling in industrial circles that Australia, for the time being, would be better advised to develop purchases of British manu factures." Industrialists are most willing to examine carefully the prospects of es tablishing Australian branch factor ies, but have told Mr. Pratten that the necessary long credits cannot at pre sent be' obtained. The result of the recent Common wealth loan is regarded as ominous for those seeking further credits for Aus tralian enterprises, and . there are doubts whether Australia's rate of im migration will warrant the immediate building of branch factories at heavy Australian first costs. WOOL MANUFACTURING POSI TION. The last wool sales revealed a sound standing of raw material. The home trade was the largest buyer, taking 56,700 bales, compared with the Con tinent's 49,600. Nevertheless the manu facturing end of the trade is far from satisfactory, there being far too much standing machinery. "This condition of affairs has been so prolonged that it has given rise to a search for an heroic remedy. Correspondence in the Yorkshire press indicates the growing opinion that the industry needs re-organisation in the direction of collective action. It is burdened by a multiplicity of small firms, sending up costs by frequent handlings of goods and numerous profits between the raw material and the finished fabrics. Combinations of all processes under single management, collective advertis ing, and search for trade, are influen- itally advocated. BUTTER OUTLOOK IS HEALTHY. Trade in Australian and New Zea land butters has been disappointing in the past month chiefly owing to heavy supplies of European descriptions. Pro duction in Europe has been maintained at flush point much longer than usual, owing to heavy rains. Germany has not taken her normal share of Danish butter, resulting in heavier shipment of the latter to Lon don. It is interesting to note that Den mark has forestalled speculators by a recent Act, compelling casks -to be stamped with the date of manufacture, thus enforcing immediate mai'keting. Australian and New Zealand butters seem, however, to have touched bottom, and European supplies this week began to show a reduction all round. Stocks in cold stores are below those of this time last year, a-nd the outlook for the immediate future presents a healthier aspect. ARGENTINE MEAT WAR. The "Daily Chronicle" understands that a definite agreement has been reached between the various companies concerned in the Argentine meat war. The Anglo-Dutch undertaking will be closed, its percentage of exports being distributed between the remaining smaller firms, Vestys and American packers having adjusted their differ ences long ago. All companies remaining in the trade have, between them, undertaken to find £90,000 yearly for six years to pay the Anglo-Dutch Company's debenture interest. The only remaining difficulty Is freights upon which the Conference lines and Vesteys and Blue Star have not reached an agreement 