-COMMERCIAL . SUMMARY. LOXDOX-. .Iiilv 3ii I The uew account of the' Stock .Ex change opened with a fair amount of livelinesp, but the approach of the hoii day became a dominant factor, aod, generally, quiet markets ensued, but prices were maintained to a surprising degree ot strength. Gilt-edge securi ties were ^ery firm, with some recently mand. Tie movement in exchange to May 1st, 1928, discount, against Australia,! is attributed to a material reduct.ou in) the London funds of '.^iralian banks. This is partly a seasonal development, but it Jia^ a..dumed unusually - large [ i*?oj-n-: ';,«&, owing- to Au£tralic'« ' re^ -,t heavy imports, while {he outlook oS the coming Australian export season in less favourable owing to the drought in some aistrieU. , Commentators derive cold comfort from the President of the Board of Trade, Sir P. Cunlifle-Lister's inqnest on the national trade position in -the Bouse of Common;. 'The Economist's'' correspondent says:— '-The most notable feature of the debate was the revela tion of tjie. deepseated unea&ine;&fi; among all parties. The volume of net im ports i'or I he first quarter of 1927 came to 132 per cent, and the sp.^u.1 -)iiart?r to I2rj«r cent of-tlie 1913 ficures, while tlie export? for the same period were only ~i and 7SJ per cent ro-im-iirelj of the 1913 figures and rets'-ns Hie ailwraj balance, grown from f 70,500,000 aox. (he first ImU of 1913, to £209,000,009 for this j ear.' /*' The 'Yorkshire Post'? thinks that Ot Commonwealth Minister far Customs, Mr. Pratten, is over optimistic in re ference to the British manufacturer and. the probable response to O\c invitation U( start- branch factories in Australia. It says: — There is a feeling in industrial circles that Australia for the time being would be/better adris:-l to deve- top purchases from Bru.-i manfuae- turers. Industrialists are most 'filing to carefolly examine the prospects of e». tablishiBo- Australian branch factories, but they told Mr. Prattej Uiat tbe necessary long credits cannot at present be obtained.' The result of tie re:ait Common wealth lean is regarded as ominous for those seeking further credits for Aus tralian enterprises, and there are doubts whether Australia's tate of im migration warrants the immediate build ing of branch factories at he&vj; Austra lian first costs. The last woel sales revealed the sound standing of raw material. The Home trade was the largest buyer, taking 36,700 bales, as compared with the con tinent's 19,600 bales. Nevertheless mj-- ufacturing and trade are far from satis factory, there being far too much stand ing machinery.! ' This condition of .affairs is so prolonged that it has given rise to search for an heroic remedy. Trade in Australian and New 'Zea land barter has been disappointing for the past montli, chiefly owing to heavy supplies oi European descriptions. Pro duction in Europe has bees maintained to a flush point much longer than turn1 ai. Owing to the heavy rains Germany has uot taken her normal chare of Danish, this resulting in heavier ship ment; of the latter to London. It U interesting to note that Denmark has forrstilleH speculations by her recent -act-^bieh compels casks to be stamped vfith the date of manufacture, thus en forcing the immediate marketing of Australian and New Zealand bntte? which seem, however, to have touched ' bottom. European supplies ihis week;, begas to show a reduction all round* The v.tocks in cold stores are below, last year's, and the outlook for tie immediate future presents c healthier aspee-- ? ? '? i 