SETTLERS FOR AUSTRALIA. ITALIAN IMMIGRATION DEPRECATED. After a twelve months' absence, Mr. George C. Morphett, chairman of directors of "Amscol," returned to South Australian on Sunday by the Orvieto. Mr. Morphett had an honorary commission from the Government to quire into dairying industry conditions abroad, and he hopes that his observations in Africa, Britain and Denmark may prove of value to his fellow dairymen. .t I was in London during the general strike, and was much impressed by the steady, good tempered manner in which the people grappled with the ' crisis. The innate love of law and order, and sporting sense of fair play engendered by centuries of history and tradition which are so characteristic of Englishmen will, I feel sure, prove more than adequate to upset the underground machinations of Soviet Communism. Mr. Bruce's visit to England has done a great deal to help Australia, both nancially and politically, while the policj r of the immigration of British settlers is being galvanised into life by Mr. Gepp. The success of the Empire Conference, in my opinion, was in a large measure due to the wide vision of the Australian Prime Minister." Mr. Morphett visited Denmark under the aegis of the Danish Minister of Agriculture. He found that the Danes were well-educated, hard-working, level-. headed, and characteristically happy, A feeling was general in Denmark that as settlers in Australia they were re-j garded in this country as "undesirable." , They were essentially the type of mi-, grant Australia was in need of, and were preferable to the Southern Euro-' peans who were pouring into the Com- j monwealth. He failed to understand 1 why the Latin races were allowed in-; gress so easily while the Dane was made to feel unwelcome. On his return to London he had discussed the posi-! tion with Mr. Bruce, who informed him; that Australia's duty to Britain was*to| assist her by the promotion of British settlement, atld to that end the Go^ eminent at present did not desire t» give encouragement to other iiationS. As a ninstance of the rate at which Sou* hern Europeans were enteral^ Australia, Mr. Morphett mentioned that the steerage of the Orvieto was crowded with them, and while the mailboat was at Naples he saw another large contingent on the Italian immigrant ship Regina d'ltala, which was due to resell Sydney ; n February. Speaking of his impressions of England. Mr. Morphett said her verdant be^ty"enttealls the visitor from overseas. « Even in March, when the trees are all leafless," fce said, "the scenery in he parks around London is wonderful. The scenes to be obtained in the New Forest (Hampshire), and the Wye Valj in fuU foliage, with its hillsides a mass ' of purple - hyacinth, - - - cannot fee adequately described. I was privileged to motor 10.000 miles through England, Wales, and Scotland, and each day was a succeeding delight. The glorious Aberglasyn Valley, the mist-wreathed pass of Llanberis. historic Glencoe, the heather-covered hills of Perthshire, Killiecrankie, fSalmoral, and Braemer. in the land or the Tartan, the borderland of Scotland, moors of Cumberland and Northumberland, and the parks and forests and open spaces of England, were all beyond by imagination." Mr. Morphett will report to the Government on the Danish system of cooperation, which he says is true co-operation in every sense, and not merely a- limited liability form of company such as we have in Australia, and which is \-- too often - preyed . upon • +i,„ o f - t6 £ short- sightedness of its members. 