IMPRESSED With Queensland Visiting Danish Delegates Immigration Possibilities BRISBANE, Sunday.—Messrs. S. Kruger and AV. Schmidt, two Danish agricultural experts who are visiting Australia on the' recommendation of the Danish Agricultural Adviser at Washington, have returned to Bris bane from" tin eight days' visit to the Dawson" Valley irrigation area. , Interviewed on Saturday, they de clared that the object of their visit to Australia is to study the condition | under which agriculture is carried on hero and ascertain must first-hand in formation as to the scope existing for the absorption of Danish agricultural workers who might desire to migrate. ■Mr. Kruger, who acted as spokes man, said the\>Dawson Valley irriga tiioto eirea offered wonderful oppor tunities fo'r settlers on the land. "We were amazed," he said, "at the won derful opportunities" which exist here for the settlement of agricultural work ers on the land. The irrigation plant J particularly impressed us,, and ■. alto gether we think that the area is ad mirably suitablo for land settlement by men with enterprise, courage and endurance. .There is still a large amount of rich land-which has not been, taken hp, and it is our intention on our re turn to Denmark to write articles 'sing ing. the praises of the Dawson . Valley, mid delivering lectures with the hope of inducing Danish agriculturists, to migrate to ^Queensland. Although we cannot take any direct action wo can at.least interest the people in the Queensland land settlement programme, and tell them of the opportunities which are here for them.", ■ . He thought the Dawson Valley ideal for mixed farming conducted in conjunction'with, dairying. There were also opportunities for pig raising,' and the opportunity of a few sheep for each selector for the butcher's market, When asked whether , he. favoured group settlement, 'Mr. Kruger replied, "No, we do'not. iWe desire-our people ;who might migrate to Australia to be come good (Australian citizens,and not congregate- in little groups and- Tcfuse to mix with other Australians.- Set tlement in groups of about 20,might be a success, but -we do not favour groups greater than thnt. Hit' is essential for any country to prosper to have a united -people." ,. / Asked if it were proposed to inau gurate a'scheme of migration to Aus-. tralia, Mr. Kruger said, "At, present there is no definite scheme, butquito a . number of onr peoplo Immigrate; to' Canada yearly, and we think somo of the agricultural jnigrantB -with advant age to themselves - might come to Queensland and -the other Australian. States." , ■ . Mr. Kruger added that from what he had heard from people he had met in Queensland who- had been previous ly settled in Canada farming condi tions in Australia, and Queensland' in particular, compared' with- Canada, were about' equal. Of oil the places he had- so. far visited—included ... in which, was America, where they spent IS months and travelled through S« dif ferent States— they preferred Queens land as offering greatest scope for the absorption of immigrants with agri cultural experience, and they would have no hesitation in recommending Queensland to their people desiring to migrate. On Monday morning the party will leave for Sydney, from which centre it will make visits of inspection, to the dairying'districts and sheep raising areas of New South Wales. 