I FOREIGN. 'Great: enthusiasm prevails iu Portugal in supporting the finding of the war debt to Britain. Accused of espionas» on behalf of Ger- many, Vivian Strander*, alleged to be a British ex-officer, has been arrested in Paris. Owing to symptoms of influenza, th« Emperor and Empress of Japan have ¡ been ordered to Sed. by the Court physicians. Passengers snow-bound on the Madrii Albacete ('Spain) railway received food and comforts from aeroplanes sent hy the Government. Earthquake and fire destroyed the towna Gaiaemucal, Aid toa and Naranjito (-Colombia) last week; Damage is esti- mated at £300,000. Lasting three days and ending in a week-end victory for the Liberáis, the bloodiest battle of the Nicaraguan War was fought last week. Recently operated on for cancer. King ..Ferdinand of Roumani* is becoming worse, and his projected visit io Paris to undergo treatment at the. Pasteur In- stitute has been abandoned. Georges -Reme, the swindler known as "the Human Eel," who was- recently sen- tenced to IO years' imprisonment, sud W years' banishment, is benia; brought to Paris to answer further charges. In view of the Govemmant's decision to give not a single {raine in the form of a dole for the unemployed, the Municipal- ity of Pari» has drawn up'a programme of relief work involving £5,600,000. Al. 'Madrid on Saturday, organised sa- botage, in the form of continuous mass utilisation, caused the system of auto- matic telephones to be suspeuded. Lead- ing obstructionists were arrested. From ten to fifteen persons ave believed to have been killed in a train collision in » tunnel in southern Chile. The wreckage burned so rapidly that the pas- sengers had mo chance to escape. United States Naval forces in Nicara- gua were only protecting 'American life and property, Senator Borah, chairman of the United States Senate Foreign Re- lation* Commission, stated last weet. Advices from Athens state that Gene- ral Mángalos, -the ex-Dictator, has been sentenced by a ¡Presidential decree, to be degraded from his rank in the army, and to have his name struck off the military lists: A Danish mechanic named Rasmussen claims to have mastered perpendicular flight by lifting helices, or screws which can be fitted .to any aeroplane. He is negotiating to sell the patent to a Ger- man «firm. The noted aviator. ( Commandant Weiss, will set oat eariy in the Now Year on a ffifht'from Paris to Dakar (Africa), Buenos Aires, New York. Bng lamd, and France, thus crossing the At- lantic twice. Carrying 324,894.680 dollars (nearly 10.000,000 dollars below this year's ap- propriations), the Naval Appropriation Bill is expected to be passed ni the U.S'.A. House of .Representatives, lt leaves the U.S.A. navy personnel at 82,110. Sir Sven Hedin, the noted explorer, in collaboration with a number of Chinese scieotMlc societies, is arranging to explore North-West China, with a'Staff of scien- tists, whick will include one Swedish and two Chinese geologists. After hts trial, Georges Reme, the French '..Human Eel," remarked that his own interpolation, particularly of a couplet on gaming on Jove, was not itt effectual, and greatly moved a juryman resembling Santa Claus. A message from Detroit states that it was announced on Friday that. Cap- tain G. H. Wilkins will make a second ; attempt to exploreithe Arctic "blind spot" in the »piing. He is being financed en- tirely by Wae "Detroit News." Under a new decree, the French police are empowered' to fine motorists on the I spot for minor offences. Every, police man is provided with a receipt book. Motorist«, are not bound to pay, but if they refuse they will be summoned. In his coming fligh.t Commandante De ! Pinedo (Italy) will visit Spain, Africa, South »America, the United States, New- foundland and Portugal. After its com- pletion he will begin a round-the-world flight. "If (Britain aud America will work together, there is hope for mankind. . If they do not, nothing mankind can devise will possibly succeed."--Mr. S. M. Bruce (Australian Prime Minister) in New York last week. Violen^ earthquakes, comprising more than- fifty tremors, and lasting: five hours, occurred in California, Mexico, and Arizona on ^Saturday. More thin £200,000 damages iwere done to the biggest buildings. At Rome, Passelova, who recently es- tablished a world's record by attaining an altitude of 10,069 feet in avseaplane, and the holder of fourteen world's re- cords, secured another by attaining 118 "'miles an hour :n th« same seaplane car- rying nineteen hundredweight. The French Government, following the example of lite Britiah, 5«r taking over control of broadcasting*. It ia assum- ing; possession, of the at*Hon» within five yean and establishing a committee of offi- cials, authors, musician* and lecturers to supervise programmes. Thc Communiai International has is- sued a proclamation denouncing the exe-, cu Hon of four Communists by Lithuanian Fasciste, whom, the -proclamation states, merely desire to establish an. anti Soviet barrier wirb Poland's aid from ike Baltic to the BJ nek Sea. j French francs will be coined from aluminium. Before the war they were I made from a composition metal vaguely resembling gold. Fifty million aluminium ! francs will oe issued in 1927, while 320 million francs worth of smaller values will be coined from nickel. - , In the field of private business research Australia might profitably follow the ex [ ample of the United States, according to Dr. D. B. Copland, Professor of Com- merce at thc University of Melbourne, who has been studying American condi- tions since last October. "Prohibition bas undoubtedly increase/1 the'economic efficiency of the averaçe I man. whatever evils it bas introduced re I garding law enforcement," declared Dr. Copland, of Melbourn« University, in Berkley (U.S.A.) last week after a three months' tour of the country. The German and iFrench potash pro- ducers have concluded an agreement vir- tually achieving a monopoly of potash supplies. The parties respectively take 70 and 30 per cent, of- the profit» till sales exceed 040,000 tons, after which both «hare the market equally. "Australia Bhould avoid concentration upon industry such as has occurred in the United States for the past 'SS years, for America is now disturbed by the depres- sion of agriculture," Or. Copland, of Mel- bourne University, declared in the Unit- ed States last week after a tour of the couittry. Because he believed the Prohibition Act to be "the most drastic law ever pass*ci by any law-making, body in the United States, and that it cannot be enforced iq any large city, the Assistant United States Attorney (Mr. Harblt) hst r-e : signed from tb* National Prohibition fen I forcement Staff. i "Factory organisation, standardisa- tion of produce, the railway system, pro ! hibition and the reduction of immigration I are largely responsible for the high wage [ level in the United States."-(Dr. D. ». Copland (Professor of Commerce at the I University of (Melbourne) in Berkley ! (U.S.A.) last -week. I Seven youths aged between 18 and 22 ' years have been sentenced to death in j Leningrad '(Russia) for criminal assault on a girl student. The crime curioualj ¡ resembles the recent Mount Rennie eau; in 'Sydney. Leningrad citizens urged I that the whole 26 youths concerned in i the crime be sentenced to death, 1 Naval activity is noticeable in Italy i Sine» Mussolini took over the Ministrj 1 of Marine there has been high pressuri in the naval shipyards. Mussolini hai ! decreed a concentration upon light fas shins, notably Washington cruisers an« ; torpedo boats, also a large fleet of aub marines of a vastly improved type. The Berlin correspondent of the Brit I ish United Press reports that substan tial. increases in the German army an< nary expenditures are disclosed in tlx draft (Budget, under which three million) I sterling are earmarked for building tor pedo boat destroyers. The respeotivt totals of the army and navy estimate , are 24} minions and 114 millions, com i pared with Britain's 44i millions and 60j \ millions. x 