I- AGRICULTURAL NEWS FROM ALL PARTS OF, THE STATR Mr R. Eminett, of Ouyen, has grown a giant tomato weighing lib. / 7 oz. Mr W. T. Bodman has been elected president of a branch of Lhe Dairy men's Association formed recently at Tarrant. Nestles Condensed Milk Company at Koroit paid 1 / G 5 a lb. for butter fat during January, and EcL a gallon for skim milk. Twenty-nine dairy cattle in the JSJolac shire were destroyed during last month as a result of tuberculosis. Compensation amounting to £200 has been allowed. I Following the outbreak of pleuro- pneumonia among dairy cattle at lrrewarra, the Agricultural Depart- I merit lias taken blood tests of all the ! cows in the affected parts. Seven j cows reacted. In addition to five sus- I poets, 211 cattle have been destroyed since the outbreak occurred. As the result of competition by a newly-established company sponsored to a large extent by the New Zea land Dairy- Company, the price of standard superphosphate and other fertilisers have become markedly cheaper in New Zealand. Super is i now down to £4 - 2 '6, equalling the | lowest pre-war price. | a rable received by the Dairy | Produce Control Board from its Lon don agency states that the butter market is quiet." Danish is quoted til loo/ a , wt„ New Zealand 171/ to 174'. and salted "Kans-aroo" UN/ to. IT'1''. Retail prices are unchanged ; The tiit.il of Australian butter stored in London is Tim cases. lhe , pn.-iiinn is unchanged. I 'pcn.abc J. F. Guthrie has donated' a 2 0-guinea cup to be competed fori ar the annual show to ho held at "Wage a Wagga on August 2 3. 24 and'; 2 5. The cup is to be won by the ex- j hibitor obtaining the greatest number nt points in the Corriedale sheep classes. .Senator Guthrie was the 1 1. under .and tin first president of the A ustralian Cnrriodalu Sheeplireeclers' Association. Dookie Agricultural College's crop and fallow i ontpeti; ions, judged by th.e Director of Agriculture (Air LI. A. Mullen), resulted as follow: — , Paddock of wheat (20 acres): Mr j Martin Ryan (Federation), Ml pts., 1; , Mr P. J. Ryan (Fed.), St> pts., 2; Mr A. J. Gall i .Minister). S7 pts., 3. Fal lowed land (black or red soil): Mr Martin Ryan. 00 pts., 1; Messrs. Ren- net i Bros., 02pts., 2; Mr F. Harmer, s a pts.. :>. Air John Downey, of Koroit. has carried out sonic interes.ting experi ments with Snowflake potatoes which lie planted several months earlier than the usual time for sowing. Re sults have proved that Mr Downey's venture was a successful one. The potatoes are now being dug, and are yielding up to four tons to the acre. Twenty acres were planted in July and August, the usual planting time being November. A consignment for warded to Melbourne recently real ised £8/10/ a ton. Several of the tubers weighed 21b. Tito price of land at Rupanyup, as evidenced by recent sales in that locality, is soaring. Messrs Charles Carra and Sons, Burrum, recently sold their farm of 1212 acres for £24,24 0, and this sale has been fol lowed by an even larger transaction, constituting one of the largest land sales in the district for years. The property, consisting of 12S0 acres seven miles south of Rupanyup, was sold by Mr Herman Holtkamp, to Messrs T. Johnston and C. Mitchell for f2;i,2S0. A strung selling point was Die fact that averages over the whole o_f the cultivated area have often exceeded 3 6 bushels to the acre. There is a strong demand in the Koroit district, both from local and outside farmers, for New Zealand Pinkeye potatoes suitable for seed purposes. Colae farmers are always big buyers of early seed from the Koroit district, and consignments are also sent to South Australia. Seed potatoes are worth about £3 a ton over the local market quotations. Al though good crops of Carmens have been dug, the New Zealand Pinkeye is likely- to he the popular early < variety in the future. It has good keeping qualities, and this is a char acteristic which must be considered in view of the fact that the early crop i in the Koroit district is marketed dim- , ing the summer months. Although there is plenty of dry feed in the Archie's Creek district, water is becoming scarce. Rain is needed to renlenish the water line- ages for both stock and household purposes. Cattle are in good con- cation, and the district market firm." The formation of a ,T.-nch of the Victorian Dairymen'- Association in the district is .progressing well. Dairymen have oeen losing ground for years 7J10 tvant of organisa- tim, ' the present unsatisfactory ronUiticn of the industry is more or less due to the indifference as well as to the lack of unit- displayed Li the dairy farmers in general. The association has been of great value to dair>Tne-n who send milk to the metropolis. "The senior class.'' says the Prin cipal of the Dookie Agricultural Col- ) lege (Mr \V. R. Birks). in his annual j reports for 192C-27, "lias established a record which is not only very creditable to each member of it, but which will have a permanent effect in helping to build tip I lie traditions of the college.'' The present satisfac- | tory state of affairs among the stu dents, continues Mr Birks. has been brought about in no small degree by | the setting up of an improved lire- i feet system early in 122(3. Acting under the captain of lire school, the i prefects carry out their duties with ' tire most conscientious thoroughness. Minor disciplinary cases are handled with- despatch and complete impar tiality, and conduct generally is very ! carefully watched. ! New South Vales Department of Agriculture recently conducted ex periments which show very convinc ingly the importance of proximity to rail and market in the lamb-raising industry. In order to discover the loss of weight during transit to Syd ney, and the variations in this loss at different distances along the route, i the average weight of fat lambs from three experimental farms was com pared with the average weight of the lambs at Sydney and at various places on the route. The comparison show ed a considerable loss, which in creased in relation to the distance travelled. Two lots of lambs from the Yanco experimental farm, con signed to Flemington sale yards (3GG miles), lost an average of 1 2.2 2 51b. and 13. 241b. respectively. The biggest road tractor in Aus tralia is owned and operated by Mr F. Bottrill, who recently carted his wheat with it in the Vestern District. The tractor weighs 45 tons, and with two trailing trucks can load nearly 1000 bags of wheat at one trip. The whole train cost £9000. The specially designed caterpillar wheels enable the G2 horse power crude oil engine to climb over sandhills where horses cannot pull an empty dray. The crane carried on the engine can load or unload the train eight bags at a time. Travelling at a mile an hour (the pace of a team of bullocks), the trac tor transports its wheat at a cost to the shipper of Jd, a bag a mile. Vhen no haulage is offering, the tractor is used for clearing. Top-dressing with superphosphate (lewt. to the acre), and the intro duction t of lucerne, Vimmera rye grass, and subterranean clover are the means adopted at Dookie Agri cultural College for tiie improvement of the College pastures. I3y follow- ing out a systematic policy or pas tures improvement, it is confidently expected that the stock-carrying ca pacity «f the College estate can be doubled in the course of a few years, and the results so far have beeii vern satisfactory. The increase in the 7-Z her of sheep shorn thise se- o11 \10, ., I 2300 in 1925 to 3000 D-' -,ear; to be a first res.-. of tll<3\. D;i/tul'0t i improvement , 1 Kg ' an<1 u li: ?' neriPd the tally for the coming ring will be at least 3500. At present there are a total of 3SOO sheep on the estate. ' Hearty approval of the proposals , of the Returned -Soldiers' League in j connection with soldier settlement j was expressed at a meeting of citizens j at Glengarry last week. The meet- | ing was convened by the R.S.S.LL.A., J ; and Mr Leviston, president of the ' j local branch, presided. - Mr R. T. . Rolls, State vice-jiresidcnt, said full j publicity would be given by the League to the proposals recently put before the Premier (Mr Allan), audi a questionnaire was to he sent to I every candidate for Parliament, to ! which, it was hoped, written replies I would be returned. The position with regard to soldier settlement was chaotic, and repeated representations to the Government having failed, the League had decided to make a ftate- j wide appeal to the people and intend ing members of Parliament. "Butter Is produced In this district cheaper than in any other district I have been in," said Mi" N. F. Ridg- : way, dairy- supervisor to ICerang Herd Testing Association last week. No where but in the north had he seen cows milking well on dry grass. He advised the district dairymen to farm on scientific lines, and make the most of their natural heritage. The occa sion was a special meeting of the Association to bid him farewell before lils departure to another district. Mr Ridgway was presented with a roll of notes as a token of appreciation for the splendid work for the district In organising herd testing associations, which now include nearly every far mer in the district. Mr Ridgway, who is a returned soldier, was given a farewell presentation and social, from the local Returned Soldient, sociation, of which he is " viirougnoui we Growers of Qflfc State will be In- J drier distriche result of tests con- j terestert'"Eookie college this season I the object of discovering suit- able varieties of early maturing oats other than Algerian for the dry dis tricts. Three such varieties were tested under field conditions.. The oats were grown on fallow, the seed was sown in the proportion of 601b. io the acre, and manure was put down in the ratio of liewt. (22 p.c.) super, to the acre. Sunrise yielded 33 bushels, 1 Gib., .Palestine 32 bushels, and Eaclilan 34 bushels 321b. Sunrise had a long straw, and stood well. It did not stool out very well, and was last to mature. Palestine matured first of the three. It had a short straw, and a tendency to lodge, mak ing harvesting difficult. Eachlan had a good medium length straw, heavy flag, and dense growth, but was rather liable to rust. The need for speedy action in re gard to the soldier settler question was stressed by the president of the Victorian branch of the Returned Soldiers' League (Mr E. Turnbull), at the weekly Ad men's luncheon. If the matter were allowed to drift on, he said, it would quickly7 become worse. Owing to the fact that many of the settlers vc-re farming blocks that had been previously greatly over-valued, the position generally was economically unsound. Blocks | had been selected and purchased at | a. time when values were peak-high," | but the bottom had fallen out of the | market, and the soldier settlers thus ; had to face very unpromising con- i ditions. Many of them found it im- j possible to pay their dues and live decently. Until attention was given to the problem it . the State to proceed for of immigration. Mr r» u"y PoliT establishment o? ff W. the various districts !n » power to wipe off 5kbmTfStea land, and to order Si larger blocks. Prvlelon of Authority was given tvm „/Tcraj7 (Mr Leslie Smith ) mf-al Jtu nnde<1 meeting of thrina last w£k SD South erma for a new Federal c Ub"- to the Australian Union or, falling the union Federal Arbitration Court in Hi8 meantime the 15)2fi T? . award will remain in force K year. Among other matters of terest to RIverina settlers discuJfa at the meeting was the compulsory resumption clauses of the New s0,,£ Wales Western Lands AnJ„aE«h Bill. It was decided that reorder tations should be made for modifirV Rons of the measure. The meeti/J gave Its approval to the recently drafted meat reorganisation schetri and decided to ask the newlv-an' pointed N.S.W. Fire Commission ?n arrange for conHnnnnc — A- VEt, UT CICp connection of the switchboards of th« country exchanges to the local stores or other permanently occupied places' as a means of enabling stations promptly to get into touch with others in the event of fire. In the demonstration plots at Dookie this season, says the Prin. cipal of the Agricultural College (Mr D. R. Birks) in his annual report the "rotation fallow-wheat-pasture gave the best results, while summer fallow proved superior to winter fal low7. Dressings of half a c.wt., one cwt and tw7o cwt. of superphosphate to the acre gave increases of three bushels 501b., 10 bushels 351b., and. 9 bushels 501b. respectively over re-' turns from unmanured wheat. Best results w7ere obtained from mid- season sowing. Rate of seeding trials with wheat gave: — 4 51b. seed, 23 bushels; 601b. seed, 24 bus. 241b.; 751b. seed, 32 bus. 121b.; 901b. seedi 31 bus. 5Glb. to the acre. In the pickling tests, conducted with dry copper carbonate, blue stone and hot water treatment, no positive -re sults were obtained from yields, though it was observed that loose smut was less prevalent in the "hot water pickled" plot than in any of the others. Results of the oat variety plots were: — Sunrise, 33 nusneis roio.; raiesune. as. ous. ; Lachlan, 34 bus. 321b. to the acre. Nizam topped the yields from the .wheat varieties grown at Dookie Col lege this season. Besides being a heavy yieldor, Nizam, which lias been grown successfully in this and other States, appears less subject to disease than many other varieties. The yields of the different wheat varieties were as follow: — Sown in mid-June: Wan- non, 40.14; Nizam, 43. 7S; and Fede ration, 38.8 bushels to the acre. Sown near the end of June: Nizam, 43.78; Free Gallipoli, 43.51; Wannon, 41.48; Federation, 40.45; Nabawa, 34.24; and Merredin, 30.77 bushels to the acre. Graded seed was used in the proportion of 851b. to the acre, and superphosphate was laid in the ratio of 13511). to the acre. The pickle used was lib. formalin to 40 gallons of water. The land on which the crops were grown was all summer fallow. It was ploughed 4 Jin. deep in March and April, scarified late in July and August, harrowed in early Septem ber, scarified In the first fortnight of October, knife-barred in late March and early April, scarified at the end of the latter month, drilled with com bine with dig harrows attached, and harrowed four days after seeding. AN EXCELLENT RED POLL BULL Secured the "championship for Mr M. McCormack at the Mansfield Show. 