LABOR VIEWPOINT ( ^ OF CURRENT EVENTS 'NEWS AND COMMENT^ Italian Migrants—' What is the Union Doing ?' — Labor Governments — All- Australian Congress— Ford In Denmark — Mr. Hogan s Methods — A.R.U. Deputation — W.E.A. Proposal — N.Z. Land Policy. (Conducted by C. A. Lamp.) ITALIAN MIGRANTS TO AUSTRALIA. The Italian Consul for N.S.W. lias made a statement in the press that the Italian Government did not en courage the migration of Italians to Australia. Italian workers were ra ihfer discouraged from migrating *o foreign countries — however strange that might appear, seeing mat. naiy j was known to suffer from over-popu- i lation. The reason for this official dis- ! couragement was partly tlie know ledge that Italian immigration was , not favored in Australia, and partly to the fact that such emigration meant a dead loss to Italy, which bore j ♦the expense of rearifng and educating the migrants only to lose them when j they reached a productive age. Realis- j ing all this the Mussolini Government : was endeavoring to make a better distribution of the population within Italy itself and its colonies. Italian immigration was a spontaneous move ment, costing no Government s penny. There -were no assisted passages, no settlers' leagues, 110 organisation whatever tending to foster emigration ; to Australia. Every Italian migrant ] paid full steamship fare, but only | when he came on his own initiative had to produce £40 on landing. Most of them who came to Australia were met by friends 4-v relatives, who un dertook to house them and find them employment. The success which had attended Italian immigrants was due to tlie fact that the migrants belonged mainly to the agricultural class, and i that they were animated by a pioneer.- 1 ing epirlt, determined to work hard, - and make good. This statement scarcely fits in .with other statements 'which have been published from time to time. The fact that for the last ' j^^uarter the number of Italian mi- 1 ^ to Australia constituted a re- J J^ord m&kes; it a,pt)ear that tlie at- ; tempts to discourage, migration here hy the Italian . . authorities are far ( from a success.' Indeed, in the cir cumstances, they can be written down i as a failure. Then 'there is undeniable j evidence that the stipulation regard- j ing the possession, of £40 by the immi- , grant is evaded by that sum being j bbrrowed money. The fact that out of | 742 workers en£a^d'?t-VrcanefieldS in' j one North Que?^i^nUr%^pa^ar€^jii8t j recently only l9vg^tiig^?rf^-|^e1Briti§li, j ?while the vast--miijor^,;9f^lhe others' were Italians, ? justifies. Viat leading; Iraborites and unionists have said re garding Italian immigration. N.Z. LABOR'S LAND POLICY. 1 The Labor Party's land policy as 5 outlined in the report of a special committee which was adopted hy the conference is as follows: We recom- 1 mend that the' ?presem section of the 1 platform dealing with land be deleted and the following inserted. Public ownership of land being the only ulti mate remedy for the present, chaos ' and muddle, the party's platform pro vides : (1) Conservation of all State j and publicly owned 1SM8S. (2) Full ? rfeeoghition ot'i.O^CT^'&t;^sts'.iii-all-. ? land, including- tenure, iiglit 'i)f _sale^ ' transfer, and bequest-. - (oJ ^Corupeiisa tion for improvements on leasehold land. (4) Graduated tax ou unim J proved land values. (?) Acquisition ; (compulsory where necessary) of ' areas of land suitable for closer settle ' ment and town planning. (61 Tenure j of acquired lancl to be nerpetual J lease conditional on accupanc3T and ' use, with periodic revaluation. (7) State provision of all facilities for ' transfer of land. (S) Maximum assist J ance to organisations of producers for co-operative production, purchasing, shipping, marketing, and credit. (9) 1 Extension of agricultural education, { including provision of research facili- 1 ties to find means of bringing land 1 -to its fullest productive use. j (TO) Securing an adequate supply of fertilisers at the lowest possible cost IJl^^arniers. (11) Development and ^^^^Pbnent of unoccupied land by the J most^dvantageous methods. (12) i Adjustment of taxation on land in - business areas to prevent exploita- 1 tion, ahd in order to secure com- i munity value for tlie people. Applic.a- ; tion of the betterment principle to ; land values which have been increased by public works or other community enterprise. The land policy and ' finance and credit policy of the party are interwoven, and we recommend the following clauses be issrted in the platform: — (3) A State Bank to act as a central bank, with full control of the note issue. (2) Extension of the State Advances Office to provide all credit necessary to (a) primary production, including loans to co operative dairy companies for assist ^ aiice of suppliers in the purchase of fertilisers, equipment, or stock; (b) the house building committee unani mously recoommended the above in the 'belief that the various sections were in line with the objective of th ? party, that ?public ownership of land was the only remedy for the present muddle and chaos, and supported the recommendations in the opinion that they were the best method by which the objective could be obtained. — 'Grey River Argus.' STRANGE, BUTi TRUE. In every trade union there are to a^V)t3 found members who pretend never satisfied that their organisation is of use to them, and ...who. with automatic frequency, ask, 'What is the union doing?' One cannot com plain if the question is Tasked in a genuine desire to obtain information, but in spite of a large number of cases the question is asked in a spirit of captious criticism, an i in the hope that the uuion may not be able to in dicate what it has done, or is doing, ou the matter under discussion. Very often the asking of a question is in itself proof that the member takes very little interest in the work of his branch, otherwise he would be well aware of what the union was doing. But those who desire 4o -discredit their organisation never trouble about the self-reproach with their question implies. To he members of their to trade union and associated with their ?^pJifiTgues in fighting for better, con tritions is, to this class of person, -Io' try to find some pretext for differing with their union or In Hi;- op portuiiity to resign from i;; ember ship. The 'reason' for resignation is often varied, but whatever its variety the person resigning is always the 'hero' — the .-superb' heiir;. -v3;r- lias found his union weak, gi'.nty r.i' fail ure. neglect, and main- cilicr vices, and all with a blissful kn-gc-tniluees that he is a pait of the union, and thai the 'union has no existence outside rhose human beings who comprise it. This type of person prefers not to b^ a member of the union. At the same time he is anxious that his mates should continue to keep the union in existence in order to promote his in terest while he refuses to discharge his moral and financial obligations to it. When a 'member who makes a habit of asking. 'What is the union doing?' comes out with his parrtDt cry he should be promptly taken in hand and forced to shake off this apathy. SITUATION IN VICTORIA. The Labor Government in Victoria have enthusiastically opened their first session of Parliament. One thing is certain, and that is enthusiasm in doing their job will not be wanting. For ihe second time in the history of Victoria, with the exception of the short- lived Elmslie Ministry — which, although in control of the Adminis trative offices for thirteen days, never reached the Treastiry benches as a Government — a Labor Government has assumed control of the destinies of that State.' This fact itself is merely the materialisation of the trend of public thought throughout the world, and more especially in Aus tralia, where to-day a Labor Govern ment reigns supreme in five out of the six States. Ail sorts of bogies and scare stunts have been raised in order to scare and thus prevent the people from electing a Labor Government. Labor has held the reigns of govern ment in Victoria. South Australia, Queensland, Western Australia, New South Wales, and Tasmania pre viously, whilst it controlled tlie des tinies or the' Commonwealth from 191*0 up to and including the outbreak :u war, and during that time there is no record of anyone having been put to death because he was a Labor supporter. It is safe to say that if he people are educated to understand rhe principles of the Labor movement :he present Labor Governments will -emain in office. And this is where tlie Labor party is lacking. The politicians ire leaving this important work to the rnions instead ot doing their bit. In stead of trying to alter the objective :he politicians should put forth all tieir energy in explaining the objec tive to the people. Once a convert las been gained he can be relied on ,o vote Labor for ever. W.E.A. 'The Central Council of the W.E.A. lave had under consideration a pro posal to establish classes to teach ieriain foreign immigrants the Eug ish language. The groups who have ipproached us on the matter are naihly Czechs and' Esthonians, both nen and women. 'Before undertaking this work, the Council felt it desirable to ascertain .he opinion of affiliated Trade Unions, particularly as objection has been aken to the organising of similar :lasses by the Education Department, rkis objection was raised in connec ;ioh with a Class organised hy some if the members and officials of the Winers' Union, with the knowledge of he Union itself. Objection was taken .o it on the, ground, I understand, hat we, were not justified in spgnd ng public mbuey in giving foreigners i training which would help them to compete with Australians or British joru workmen. To this the Minister idded a further objection, that until he needs of primary e'ducation for Australian children were satisfied, no jubllc money should, he tused for the ? training of foreigners. 'My Council felt, with regard to the Srst. objection, this migiit be a rety ?ood- reason for keeping a}l foreign immigrants out of Australia, but it is 30 reason for refusing to make them ?ood Australian citizens once they have been: admitted. 'With regard to the second objec tion, we do not think it is reasonable :o put the needs of primary education in opposition to a demand such ^s :his. Australian communities are ivealthy enough to provide a very nu'ch higher standard of education for ill our children than the State at present offers, provided there is strong enough public opinion to de mand such ..a standard. The desira bility to leach foreign immigrants, not. merely the English language, but in troducing them to Australian social institutions and Australian .sentiment tliat~ideal5 should be judged on its own merits. In our opinion, if this is done, .'there can be only one answer, iu the affirmative. Before doing any thing, however, the Council decided to place the matter Jjefore affiliated unions, and ask for an expression of opinion from them. 'I would lie glad if you would for ward resolutions i carried, bearing on this matter, at' your earliest con venience.'' A.R.U. DEPUTATION TO MINISTER. Sir. P. Welch, Slate President, Mr. C. A. Lamp, Past President, and Mr. Dowling, State Secretary of the A.R.I.7., waited Vipon the Minister for Railway (Mr. J. Allan Guy) at the Ministerial room yesterday morning, and put forward the request that an eight hour .'day should be observed at all country, stations. Mr. Guy agreed with the deputation and promised to do all in his power in the matter. In regard to long service leave the Minis ter stated that lie was prepared to re commend to Cabinet that ' the leave commence on July 1, 19£S, and not later than January 1, 1929. Tlie case for holidays wyas held over for pre sentation to the new management. Mr. Lamp thanked the Minister for attentive hearing, and the deputa tion withdrew. A.R.U. EXECUTIVE. The Executive of the A.R.U. met last Thursday night for the purpose of instructing the Tasmanian Branch Federal Officer (Mr W. Drewitt) how to vote on the consolidation of the rules of the various States into oue volume. The whole brief was gone through, and the necessary steps taken to safeguard the interests of Tasruaiia. Each -member will receive on apinicaliou a copy of these rules, andj fuS- every subsequent copy oue I shilling will be charged. Tiwexecu i.ive*' haiard the case of F. Vaughau, and decided to proceed with it in the usual .way. Tlie case of withheld iiO!itiaj% for J. Heathwood and W. Hefr'eron were mentioned, and nrn ;o iie proceeded with. j ONE FROM ITALY. ? 'The New Leader' (London) quotes tlie Mussolini organ, 'Messagero,' un ; Mr Baldwin's Trade Union Bill as fol 1 lows: ' Once more it is Fas: ist Italy . who teaches; she has found abroad an approval that goes so :ar as to provide an imitation even improving on the Italian example, for in its penal provisions the British Bill ap pears much more severe than the Italian.' Mr Churchill and Sir Austen Cham berlain evidently got a few points when they met the Italian dictator. ALL-AUSTRALIAN TRADE UNION CONGRESS. The official report of the AilAus tralian Trade Union Congress is now out and can be obtained on applica tion at the Melbourne Trades llali. The report covers forty octavo paces of small type and is the reportorial achievement of Mr Albert Monk, who had the unique distinction at Congress of being an authorised dele gate minute secretary and reporter all at, ihe same time. He made a revolu tion in dealing with minutes and in tliis report has shown himself cap able of both condensation and where required full reporting. Nothing is missed and justice is done to every subject and speaker. i A VOTE CATCHING SCHEME. 'Mr Bruce's statement to the Pre miers in regard to child endowment should illustrate unmistakably how hollow and insincere were his prom ises at the last election,' said the Federal Labor Leader (Mr M. Charl ton), referring recently to the Prime Minister's pronouncement in regard to child endowment. 'It is now quite clear that those who trusted the Na tionalist Government and voted for it were wilfully misled. Mr Bruce was jus tvote-catching, with no intention whatever of introducing such a meas ure.' Those Premiers who visited Mel bourne to discuss the question must have been disappointed with Mr tiruce's shuffle. Eighteen months af ter his return to power he comes out openly and substitutes for his promise a system of wage regulation. What deception the people have suffered and how easily are his promises -broken! In his policy speech Mi Bruce promised to have the matter investigated by Commonwealth and State Arbitration Judges their recom mendations to be considered at a conference between Commonwealth and State Ministries. The question was not even considered 'by . the judges before Mr Bruce made his an nouncement. Parliament ha£ only met three weeks since last August., and Mr Bruce does not intend to al low it to sit again until September — three weeks in thirteen months! Surely it is time Mr Bruce called Par liament together and allowed it to deal with these important matters. PRACTICAL LA'BOR. The Victorian Labor Leader (Mr Hogan) is truly setting the example. He has now decreed that the State's forest areas must be conserved and increased. He has decided that in future no more leases shall be given to private sawmillers to operate ou State forests. Instead he recom mends that where sufficient timber is available the State establish its own mills and utilise the sawn timber to supply its own departmental needs. How different to the old torv policy, which predicted the destruction of native timber and as an inevitable corollary the importation at high costs of timber not nearly so good. FORD STRIKES A SNAG. When the Henry Ford organisation entered Copenhagen it learned the meaning of the closed shop. 'We have the Ford works 100 per cent, organised and only trade union ists are permitted to work there,' P. Anderson, secretary of the Danish machinists and Smiths' Union, an nounces. 'When the factory opened, our com mittee interviewed the management on their lafior policy. We heard a charming tale of how the company was going to build a garden town around the factory wTith modern homes and garages for the workmen, and of the friendly relations between Ford and his employees. We stuck to our. demand for a trade union agreement and got it. Nothing has been said about the pretty cottages ?since,' Anderson says. Ford discovered that he could not have his way in Copenhagen in as signing work regardless of the exper ience of the worker. The trade union agreement classifies the skilled, semi skilled and unskilled work and speci fies that skilled work can only be done b}' those wTho are qualified me chanics. Wages are paid accordingly, 20s a day being the lowest. ATTEMPT TO CUT WAGES FRUSTRATED. Copenhagen Labor discovered that 44 hours, not 40, are being worked. Nothing lias been said about the five day week. Last March the company .suggested a reduction of wages, but the trade unions refused to consider it. The General Motors Co., which also has a plant at Copenhagen, runs close up to Ford by paying a -'lat 22s for au eight-hour day. General Motors' competition cuts heavily into the pro duction of the Ford plant. Ford's full capacity is 500 cars a day produced by 2400 men. Instead, only GOO men are employed and 125 cars produced. Work is unsteady, only six months of the year being worked. 'Like other employers, Ford is try ing to meet the situation hy pushing wages down,' Anderson says. 'Ford plants were started iu Antwerp and Berlin, where lower wages are paid than iu Copenhagen' The Metal Workers International informs, us that the company is not succeeding well in those cities. The skilled, highly-paid men in Copenhagen pro duce much more.' j Danish workers are opposed to the conveyor system used in the Ford ! plants. Ford's Copenhagen plant sup plies the Scandinavian countries. Rus sia and Poland. — ('Federated Press, ^ ? Chicago.) 