AretitAdventures THE WIU» AtaOffiEER AND ITS ENEMIES—THE 'WOLF MID PMAR FOX. (By HENRY ETTE) First Pioneer of Spltxbergen's. Noriheastland 1902-3, Sodeg. N.L. 33, polar bears. Twenty-five years' experience in fishing, sealing, whaling, hunting and trapping The' wild reindeer, "North America's cariboo, is not a little different from the tame reindeer. Those of you -who have seen the latter in Laplanders' caravans and zoological gardens, and imagine they resemble the wild reindeer, are quite mistaken. The ,wMd deer is a Wc, stately stag, which carries its head high and with * grand air, and is quite extraordinarily quick in its movements; It is, or In any case, has been spread over all the Polar regions, Greenland, Spltzbergen, Novaja Samlja and Siberia. In the north-east country of Spitsbergen and Novaja, it Is yet to be found in large numbers. During the summer, the herds (one bull and several females) remain upon the plains; hut when, tn September, the snow begins to fall, they go down to ! the big fiords, and are then exceedingly well nourished. September, -• - therefore, is the best shooting month for reindeer. But for hunters who are not afraid of exerting themselves,. It is most 4nteresting to hunt during the summer months. No walk is more beautiful than that from the shores of the Arctic Ocean up to the lonely silent hills, where perhaps no human foot has ever trod before. Salmon streams ripple picturesquely down from the lakes up In the plateaux, if it happens to be the month of August, the birds have already began their flight with thj sinking midnight sun. On the g-aciers there are probably hundreds of geese resting. If you let off if shot, not only this flock but several others you have never noticed, are immediately in the air with a deafening beating of wings. If a white or blue fox suddenly springs out and begins to bark angrily, then you can be sure that 4ts three to four months' old cubs are in the immedi ate neighborhood. But it would be shame to harm them, their skins are A not worth anything at this time, the hair comes out In handfuls. The rein aeers come and go in the most re markaWe manner. In a fjord, where you have yourself been unsuccessful in finding anything but old tracks, another hunter may a few days later, shoot over 20 deer. It ,is not Scotch or English^ Estate owiiers who pursue , e „tr rt T h . ere b ' u t.Norweg'an -trading hunters The meat is salted In barrels but, although occasionally several hundred deer may be shot, it does not make much difference. The territory « large, in West Greenland, th* „„„ -. , - Greenland, the Eskimoes have for many years, brought downi about 40,000 animals annuaKy. t w >/. h \ on| y other enemies the wild reindeer has are the wolf—wh ch as yet has not been found in Spltzbergen—and the Polar f x. The great white Arctic wolf (cannis lupus oeddentalis) whFch up to now has been 'unknown except in the Immense territories along the Are'tic Ocean coast, towards the conclusion pi the last century hit upon immigrating and multiplying in grot numbers along the east coast of Greenland. Over Ellesmere, Grinnel and Grant Land—the islands north-west .of Greenland—they wandered; first over the Northpoint 84deg., and from there along the whole of the east coast. During eleven months of the year these islands and Greenland become one compact mass joined together by the .ice. There exists also for the West Greenlanders an imaginary, great, white, wild animal, of which they are extreme'y afraid, and which ' not the Polar bear. The old wha'e fisher, Scoresby. after whom the great complex of fiords 011 the east coast. 70-71 N:L., which Stretches nearly 130-140 miles to the west, is called—did not know it, and neither did Glavering. Both of them visited the east coast 4n the twenties of the last century. Clavering also the Shannon island. 75dtg. N.L. Neither did the Austrian-Germania Expedition wjith the s s. "Germania" see any f>i them towards the end of the sixties, 1869-71. This expedition made, hower, the discovery that the musk ox had immigrated, though on'.y in a few varieties. On the other hand, the reindeer .were found in great numbers, just as in our days, at Spltzbergen! where Norwegian hunters have shot them down 4n .crowds, 300 on a singe occasion. Andi just as at the present |ime,, the Spitzblrgen reindeer, where 't h " n^.^eeniihe object of reckless shooting <lojp>, js quite tame, and comes eloie^p to the.camp tents, so the Germania expedition also found the .wJia reindeers tanie, which goes to show that the wolf at that period had not. yet emigrated. Nor Is It named fn the Payer Expedition's report. The next ship to vlsrft the east f,?"'t the Norwegian sealer wh,£ ? h ' »t the conclusion of the Bladflcrnose catch In" June, caught 269 walrusses at 75deg. N-L., west of Shannon lslahd. TWs was exactly 20 ' years after, in. 1889. During .the twenty ^years^tween,. the east coast of 4hit is s »y the country itself, has apparently not been visited (except perhaps by "Balaena," Capt. the other g S t e V hand only by If«S N '? rwt C ian and Eng. lish seal trappers, because the east •» G ;"i. lU ,s one "? of the most n S ' ° f the Arc,,c countries to navigate, on account of the Great Ice ma n pack, from the Arctic Ocean which drifts along the side of It : T , he w , olf has then followed the tracks of the musk ox: But/al' l 0 p ye r S * ent ^ before $ hom/'.hl r 5 fe . SSO r N »thorst, I rought r° me ., th r e first skin, and that he bought efrom the Norwegian Skipped " e fl 1< ? d that one of his men was flaying a musk ox, when a ereit white anfmal, which was no" a Pollr ^H r V P °i" C J d ; dow " on hfm so that he had to shoot it with his rifle. Skipper o!,. Naes h f th ' he first 'to- sail through the Great Ice m a s?'ling cutter to hunt on land, sold this Inn V„ a, ?P r Nathbrst for £, 0. 5 This 7rTt ,® f -_ NL - B "t neither the Danish co ?t f8Tf/ l °o, t0 Grjenland's east of the Polar CirclT P • In the summer the JB,t • Arrii/- SOUth _ „,<• •hunts singly, or maV 7 , wolf ether -in " , ma e and femal, to- r s j ite wolves together hugen's Zoological '» Co P">- Arctfc Adventures? TWO / ^ ed mouth and strong lees ii ^.tTL must an Exception ally eiJt nd runner, which .\ fi P erse vering long wandering Z^T"- * y " S Greenland's d eg. about ,000 geographical miles wri '. ' ^ r - ' JIS°O N NE ,H OVTT touched Tun^Pfi^c°V , ' m,>st un " wild reindeer and mO^L " ere ,itr « the herds O°e vounp^", k o " n in « r eat are larly einosed f^... " P ar ticubecause they separait X°' Ve K the he'rds), hares . lh r m ; e;v « from white and blue fnL-. j marmots, along the countrv ' a " d . £ ross foxes and walrusses in thousands and the East Greenland Polar bear «s larger, stronger and more Of 1 that hirHc Spftsbergen Of birds, grouse, ducks, elderducks Trt r un\r k S '? mi ! iions f o - Therivers ". f . e reat salmon. Moreover, havT Sen t"'"" m ?" tiin that they animals sea otters Next tb the skin of the Polar bear 111 v*ue, comes (of the North Polar region's four wild animals, the bear, the wolf, the fox and the ermine), the skin of the blue Polar fox. ReaTly, a tine blue fox skin commands a higher price than a smaller Polar bear skin. At the last auction held by the Roval fh? e h and f Tradin J C a in Copenhagen the blue fox skins obtained prices f 5 Jo £50 Yet this is not the highest price for fox skins. Large numbers of white and blue foxes are to be found round the North Pole, but when a fox has once become ue, it keeps this color all the year (Continud on page 5) ARCTIC ADVENTURES. round, just as the white foxes are white winter and summer. In this the Polar fox differs from the Scandinavian fox which is brown in the summer and white in winter.- In East Greenland the Esquimeaux declare that all fox cubs are bora white, ibut thai as they grow, some get the blue color, which they, keep the rest of their lives. The color of the male: has however undoubtedly a lot,to do with the color-of its offspring, and it wou'd be very surprising 41 a blue female by a blue male got a mixed .offspring, whereas a blue.female and a- white male probably would. On ,the Pribylow Islands off Alaska, are thus to be found, oti'y blue foxes, on Jan Mayen the majority .are'also blue, and it would not be impossible on an island, which was always free from surrounding ice, to separate the white color entirely. White fox skins do not command the same prices as -Mue fox skrn's, so entirely blue offspring would f course, 'be the best. The white and blue fox is to be found in a'l Polar countries, the west, and especially the eastj'coast: of Greenland* -Spitsbergen, Firanz'Josefs Linct, i real eldo/ado— North ' America, Siberia, and all the country and islands bordering 011 Siberia, however great the frozen sea is between, it is always wandering. In the Summer it keeps in the vicinity of the Bird Mountains aiid to the reindeer tracks, where it feasts on the young, which fall from the nests, and the carcases of animals 'Ieft behind by hunters, frut in the winter. when 4l| the .birds migrate, food' becomes -a scarcity it is dtgicult to understand, how it *an exist at all, for example, In Franz JoSefs"^Land,- porth-east '.of Spitsbergen,, where, there: ar e no reindeer. H tfust then;llve: on whit, thesea washes ashore, the carcases of seals, ^walrusses and whales, killed during the summer by the hunters. When a slaughtering 6f walrusses has taken place on- land, one tyi!) be sure to find foxes there several years af-» ter. In the .winter it }is therefore always .^wandering, searching for washed up carcasses along the shore. It cannot sav e any of the summer's abundance for the winter, because the strong sense of smell of- the other foxes would soon find it. They gather together;" therefore, always near the dwellings of the wintering Arctic navigators, to whom ;they are - a greU plague with their ihieving of every possible thing, both e taijlj and uneatable. . , If one comes' across the traiT. of a Polar Jjear either on - land- or on the ice, one ,is j1most : sure lo find tracks of the fax just behind. Has the Polar bear regaled itself with a seal and is taking; its after-diriner-'nap, then the foxes come creeping up to share in the feast. On Jau Mayen's Land the fox hunters have made captures up to £3000. 