<4, Overseas ^Weekly Budget {•Specially Contributed by British » Commonwealth Press. (Copyright). " The Stud Farm of the World." Proposing the toast of " The Col lege " at the annual dinner of the Royal College of Veterinary Sur geons held in Loudon last month, Sir Archibal Weigall spoke of the importance of the profession in Australia, a primary producing country. The time had arrived, he said for a single body representing both the veterinary and the medical professions, to see if they could not come under a single umbrella in the interests ot life as a whole, " This country," Sir Archibald went on to say, " is the stud farm of the world. Nowhere in the world can yon maintain theiconformation and Character of live- stock as in this country, and thus every stock breeding country has to come to us to replenish its blood. If that is so, what a contribution the veterinary profession can make to this coun try !" Empire Butter tor Health Tests. A tribute to (he purity of New Zealand butter, which is one ot New Zealaud's chief exhibition at the Advertising Exhibition at Olympia, is paid by the British Ministry of Health. An order has >been issued that, in all tests carried out by the various branches" ofthe Ministry where butter has to come in, the New Zealand product is to be used. The Ministry has come to the conclusion after a number of years, that the quality of New Zealand battel-is the most uniform in the wojII, and that for Jserious tests, iwhere it is essentials that an accur ate comparison be made, it is the only butter which 03u be* retied upon to preserer its standard. In conversation with a represen tative of the British Commonwealth PreBS, a prominent butter expert, in reply to a question observed—" It is not a matter of comparing the quality of New Zealand butter with the very high standard batter from ''Australia. Good wine needs no bush, - and Australian butter is known all over the world for the high standard of its quality. New Zealand is a much smaller country, and butter production is confined within a comparatively restricted area of soil, temperature and other physical conditions which contri bute to the ^production of an afticle of which one would describe as of ' uniform standard. Every butter expertkno ws the influence of pasture on batter flavour. In the case of a huge country like Australia that in fluence is sharply defined, while the quality is of the very best. Even in a small country like Ire land, butter partakes of a local flavour. Produced under identical factory conditions, butter from a creamery j^1£Jounty Cork has a flavour quite distinct from the creamery product of Londonderry or Antrim. But, like the different Australian flavours, they are both first-class butters. New Zealand "'butter, whether from North Island or 8outh, has practically a hundred per cent similarity in all its characteristics, and its uniformity of standard is proverbial. I think I am on safe ground in saying that AVembley did much to convince the British housewife of the high ex cellence of Australia and New Zealand butters. Each strength ened its reputation therovand while Danish batter is a keen competitor for the British market, there is no -reason why the Dominions should not increase and hold their ground * here. There is a rapidly growing consumption of butter in the British Isles since the war, a fact that the keen business man of Australia and New Zealand fully appreciate. If those Dominions maintain their present high standard of quality, there will be a constantly-increas ing demand here tor their batters. • ■ I Popularity of Red Poll Oattle. There is a great demand for Red Polled Cattle in Britain just now. Columbian ("South American) farm ers are buying them in large num bers for the reason that they are reputed to be sturdy heat-resisters. Farmers from the United States of America, Canada, South Africa, arnd Australia have been keen buy ers of many head of pedigree stock raised in and peculiar to East Anglia. Red Poll bulls are especially needed in South Africa and Aus tralia. H ■ • r Settlers ot Moderate Means, Overseas League's New Scheme. The Overseas League has formed a Migration Bureau at the Overseas Club House for the purpose of as sisting men of moderate means— such as retired officers of the Ser vices and. .Civil Servants in receipt of pensions—who find the cost of living in England too high and wish to settle in one of the Domin ions where they can enjoy a good climate and a reasonable amount of social amenities, and where their children will have a better pwfopect of a successfnl future. The organisation in London con sists of a central committee, which includes the Ag^nt-General for British Colombia and repjresQfi tativee of tile Army, Navy, and Air Force. In the Dominions advisory committees are being formed, no member of which has any com mercial interests in the business of immigration or the. sale of land. Their work will be entirely volun tary, the sole incentive being to \velcome the class of settler who will be an undoubted asset to the countvy. The advisory committee are col lecting information about the con ditions and prospects in their re spective areas, and are forwarding to the central committee such infor mation aB is unanimously approved. The members welcome newcomers on arrival and give them all advice and help necessary to facilitate their successful settlemena The first experiment is being made in British Columbia, and it is intended to expand ihe organisation to all British Dominions and Colonies. * ■ \ Empire Pro<dnoe. How to catch the housewife's eye with the slogan, Bay Empire Goods," is described 111 the first re port of the Empire Marketing Board. The selling ot Empire pro duce in Britain is notr merely an affair of the newspaper, the hoard ing, and the platform. " It is no good telling the pnblic to buy Empire produce*," says the report, "nuleas.it is obtainable in the Bhops/ good in quality auds reasonable in price. Ther best ser vice that can be done to tire Empire producer is to place freely at his disposal the resources of. ssience and economic investigation. " A contribution is being made towards the cost of sending a special mission to Australia to .con sult with the Commonwealth Gov vernment upon Australian oppor tunities^! development and the ex tension "of trade between Great < Britain and the Commonwealth." * a a "Contrary Effect" of Duties, " Westminister Gazett" " Lectures Dominions. That tottering mouunaent of the Liberal Press, the Westnoinister Gazette, while scorning to "sug gest " it, states, in effect, that Aus tralia and South Africa are incap able of managing their own fiscal pffairs. On July 15, under the heading A bouth Airican Lesson," the Shoe Lane champion of the lose cause of unrestricted dumping gravely asserts:— "No one would suggest that either South Africa or Australia do not know how to manage their own affairs, hut what is happening to the exchange of commodities be tween those two countries may not be without its lesBon nearer home." " Australian duties have shut out Sonth African maize. South African shipping duties have made Australia unable to compete for the supply of wheat to the Union, and the result is that Australia is getting maize, aud South Africa is getting almost the whole of this year's supply of wheat from Argentina." " Obviously, the duties intended to benefit the countries imposing them they have had the contrary effect in each of these eases, and similar reactions are bound to fol low the imposition of duties bv this country whether they go by the name of 'safeguarding' or any other euphemism," We need only add that, J,he last survivors of British Liberalism and Cobdenism, being too weak to partake of meat for strong men, are fed on skim milk of which the tore going is a typical sample. fl l ■ ■ ■ British Farmers' Annual Loss. - £12,000,000 By Pests Col. Guiae3s, Minister for Agri culture, speaking in the House ' of Qprnmpne op. fresh legislative ^ro posafs affecting agrichlt ore',' said that outbreaks of foot and-mouth diseases had already cost the conn try ^39,000 this year, while farm ers lost twelve million ponnds an nually by the depredations of pests. Agriculture was defined as " one dam'J thing after another" by Major G. Davies, M.P. The flies, he said, went after the turnip, the farmers after Aids, and the poli ticians after the farmers. Making an attempt to work off an innocent looking little pun on the House, the gallant major said it was no good merely to exclaim, '■ Let us spray." (L'ftr.) The scientists' task, as he saw it, wbb to assist nature's wise ways of keeping the noxious within bounds, and to re store f he balance between good and evil parasites when the good, after tho fashion of this unjust world, he J boen vanquished or enslaved, i ■ ■ Empire Forestry Conference. The Empire Forestry Conference will be held in Australia and New Zealand next year. The confer ence will begin its deliberations at Perth (W. AO daring the first week in beptember, and will completeits labours at Wellington (N:Zi) about the end of October. About "six weeks will be spent by the dele gates in Australia. The main con ference, which will occupy a week or ten days will be beld at Can berra. 