NEW ZEALAND. ««.ue nuricuL cbihs. WTE arc notr in the throes off a political! " crisis to which there has l>een no. parallel in the hfistory «f 2Se*v Zeals ml within oaf recoHeetion. which ex toads seer a &md; nniny years. it kotpMw iicmwnt KI1—alwnjx a thorny subject to handle J KoHorrinj; the example off previous IVime Ministers, Mr. Coates brought it down as aj non-party measure. To litis impartial -ob-, server, belonging to neither faction, it was 1 evidently a smocre attempt on the parti of an honest, painstaking leader, to arrive at a fair compromise, in the hope of its being accepted by both -parties. Mr. Goatee is utterly unversed in the wiles and artiiices of the -experienced politician. ".A ] plain, bluut man,"" he says straight out! what he believes to be right, and, spcaJdng generally, the public tike him all the better | for it- Chi the present occasion, so anxious] was he that bis bill should hot lie eon-1 eidered a party measure, tliul he took none] of ins supporters, not even hia t&Heagoes;, into his confidence. Bis'artless belief liiaiJ he was able, unaided, to please both see-! tuns by doing what be thought was Tair] was destined to receive a shock. The pre] aent position is, that not only the Jtdform party, but die Cabinet is riven iu twain,] and it is not stall clear hew the fissures can be closed up again. Vim LlCEKim BUL A ROMU, j -Let one briefly recall the main features -of the measure. The brewers nnd pnbfxans ace always complaining that, with a ticens j ing poll every three years, as under the* present law, there is «io ^security of reunite,, and they are prevented from investing cspi-1 fcal in improving the hotel accommodation j as they would like to do. This bill proposes j that the poll .shall he held every six yesra To the prohibitionists, who objected to the present three issues (continuance, mo licence,, and State control) Mr. Dontes conceded that there should be two issues only, prohibition and continuance. '/he proiubitiosists j warded this to be decided by m hare major-' ity of votes. kinder the old law, when; there were only, two issues, a majority of ; threedifths—<10 to 4B per cent, of the total votes—wa» required. Mr. "Louies proposed that this <&Buid; be red need to 55 mod 45 per cent, respectively. in the event of na tional'peoiulntkm bensg carried, nuooeedma licensing polls ace to be taken in a jno posd lor national restoration oi licences, a majority -of -Si per cent, being required; to -carry this proposal. It io signed that wn there is a nubs'anttal majority of the electors in favour of prohibition it will be impossible to enforce the law, mud that ka m matter of this bind there should be euuie degree of stability in the law, so that the Dominion may not be kept in a coustant etate of unrest. A reasonable measure most people, not be longing to either faction, would say. its reception by the House was « painful ex perience for its f earner and a surprise to the country. True, the second reading was. carried by (18 votes to 7, but an Committee most drastic changes were made. The pro posal for licensing polls to be taken at ma years intervals was defeated by 51 votes to 33, mid a prohibitionist amendment iu favour of the hiire majority (instead of the 55.45 ratio) urn's carried by 43 votes to 32, Hie Prime Minister could not do otherwise, than disclaim responsibility for a measure so different from the one be introduced and soivshi to report progress, which, ff cat l ied, would have kitted the bill. But be tVunid that be could not carry the motion amies* he -added the words, ^wHh'feaneto sit again/'lbus Imeping the bill Alive, Hue 1k mnued to Mm w 11 nftrni'm On the ertenertm of tlie teraig Sr. Gutia bad three of daa Mimsiera wjth him and •ercn sgamA him. On the hare major amendment four Ministers voted with him and six against,- -and #v* JlmiKtetswere in the muunilf who voted ifce proposal to report progress with tea re to: sit again. IOL CMtSTI Bit. EM MA. 3t i» difficult to imagines more airttrar-d position than that in which Mr. Coates now finds himself. There are 28 of his supporters who aie pledged to the bare majority. Many of them are hew mem bers. who did art tpribe understand what they .arete doing when they gat* the pledge, mad mm- siacenely regret at. &nc; at least has had the SnmluMHS to admit this pub licly. Most of them fee) personally sorry for Mr. txates, but they consider Ahem-, selves hound to their pledge, and if Mr. Louies-new dropped Abe bill tnourthe order paper (which. as Prune Minuter, he has the power to do), it is -on the ends that the lloose would lahe on opportunity of forcing his hand. If the bane majority party held together, it -could, far a ample, refuse to agree to the adjournment of the Honse, until the Licensing Bill had been further considered, in which case it is difficult toaee how Mr. Coates could con tinue iu office. If he allows IJbe biH to jm on he is faced with the hostility, not only of the trade, but -of the moderate people, who do not lidim in prUbiliitiorL, hut want a neform of the present law. Probably the way "to make fire tat of a had jib is to pits* the hill and send it on to the Tbegislatrm Council. That Chamber: moriM wot agree toahe bare majarity.lint^ inijdrt pass Ae bill with m amendment je--l qmring a -majority efmrr 32]; to <471 to carry! pniriMtiui or restamtma. It Jm possible j flat 1hc pralslHtitm dHdmdsin thefbuise of fiepvesentatires wonM not agree Hthit,] and the lull would be dropped. In that «ne there would .doubtless be some re action in the country sgamdt the "iutran-J tsigeDce" of the prohibition party. At pre-' scrrt. Mr. Coates « trying to induce mem-' bens on his 'tale of the Hem* to agree to i a compromise of the kind suggested. j JL. AEMAMMABLE cakcgm. j Perhaps the most hrilJisntly versatile' member of the Supreme Court Bench.' though not its greatest lawyer, has justj passed away hi tragic -circuinKtanees. Mc.1 Justice Alp era was born in Copenhagen: 60 years ago. When he was 10 years ot^ age bis parents caiuc to New Zealand in. a party of Norse immigrants, wlio settled ia a new bush portion in the fimckti fia| district. At thai thne be Mas unable toj speak a word of .English. Thanks t» onr excellent school system, anil liis own talents and petaei-e/aoec, litis little Danish im migrant went through the suncesave stages' until be gnaduatad as id-A., with bono or*,, at Canterbury College. 11c especially ta ceiled in Englisli. and did the wisek <ol the .professor of English lor s rear while the professor was absent on leave. For 15 years be ww assistant master at Ike' Boys' High School in Cliristcliurcb. At the name time he was working as a leader' writer and special writer on the L'hihst-. church "Press," and proved himself a bril liant journalist. In 11101 he gave up teach ing and was culled to the oar. He was a line amateur actor, his outstanding part' being that of Malvolio an Shakespeare"* ""Twelfth Night." During the war he did great work yi addressing reennttng meet ings and other patriotic gatherings. Lie soon made Ills-mark at the bar. and in 11125 he was appointed to the Supreme Court; Bench. About IS months ago his health began; to fail, and although Tie kept to his work with great courage, it became evident that he was a doomed man. When he had to give in, aud was slowly dying Trami malignant disease, he derated himself 'to writing his memoirs, principally with the! view of making some provision for his wife mad family. He died after the hodfc' had been pwpaied for the press. This work, under the title of "Cheerful Tester^ dgys has been accepted by Jcflro Murray., and will soon be oc the market. It should prove a woiic of «coeptional interest,1 Strangely enough, it is tens since another New Zealand judge, Sir John balinond, a jurist known throughout the civilised world, had s similar rare with death in an attempt to finish another standard teat book of Saw on "which be had been engaged. In this esse, notnmpriy, the -dread enemy was too -swift for hun, and the book had to be finished by -another band. 