MR. PRATTEN 'OVER-OI'TIM- ISTIC. Tlie 'Yc rl-shirc Post' thinks that the Australian Minister for Trade and Customs (Mr. Pratten) is over-! optimistic in reference to British manufacturers' probable response to Ins invitation to start branch fac tories in Australia. The paper says: limn: is -i lceung in inuustriaL cir cles that Australia, for tlie timo be ing, would be better advised to de velop her purchases of British manu factures. Industrialists are most wilt ing to examine carefully the pros pects of. establishing Australian branch factories, but they have told Mr. Pratten that the necessary long credits cannot at present be obtained. ^ ^IGi ,I*csl,h ot tlie recent Common wealth loan is regarded as ominous for those seeking further credits for Australian enterprises, and there are doubts whether Australia's rate of immigration Warrants the immediate building; of branch factories at heavy Australian first costs. WOOL TRADE REVIEW. The last wool sales revealed the sound standing or raw material in the home trade which was the largest buyer, taking 56,700 bales, compared with the Continent's '19,600 bales. Nevertheless, the manufacturing end of the trade is far from satisfactory, there being far too much standing machinery. This condition of affairs is so prolonged that it lias givon rise to a search for a heroic remedy. Cor respondence in the Yorkshire Presj shows that there is a growing opinion that the industry needs reorganisation in the direction of collective action. It is burdened with a municipality of small- firms, which aro sending up costs by frequent handlings of goods. There arc numerous profits between tho. raw. material and thc finished fabrics, and combination of all pro cesses under single management, with' collective advertising and search for trndo.' is being advocated in in fluential circles. ' BUTTER MARKET . DIS / ArruiJN i ijnu. Trade in -Australia and New Zea land butters lias been disappointing during the paist month, chiefly owing to heavy supplies of European des criptions. Production in Europe has been maintained - at flush point for much longer than usual. Owing to heavy rains, Gormany has not taken lier normal sharo of Danish butter, resulting in heavier shipments of the latiter to -London. An interesting happening in Denmark has been the forestalling of speculators by a recent Act, compelling the stamping of casks with the date of manufacture, thus enforcing immediate marketing1. Aus tralian and New Zealand butters seem, however, to have touched bottom. European supplies this Week began to show a reduction all round. Stocks in cold stores are below those of last year, and tho outlook for tho immedi ate future presents of healthier as pect. ARGENTINE MEAT WAR, Thc 'Investors' Chronicle'' under stands that a denfiite agreement lias been reached between various com panies concerned in the Argentine Tl,„ A„.,ln_T-„tol-, 11 r, rl fif. taking will bo closed, its percentage of exports being distributed between the remaining smaller firms. Vesty's and the American packers adjusted their differences long ago. All companies remaining in tho trade havo between them undertaken to find .i90,000 a year for six years, to pay thc Anglo Dutch Company's debenture interest. The only remaining difficulty is in re lation to freights, on which tho con ference lines and Vcstey's Blue Star Company have not reached agree ment. ? ? 