Weddings at Sea Lovers' Latest Craze \- Wedding, going-awny,- honeymoon — everything at sea I More and mora does the romance of such an, arrange ment appeal to young couples, and every year there Is an increase In the number - of marriages celebrated aboard (writes a. former ship's officer in' ''Tlt-Blts'). ' , . Miss Norii .Bnyes was ntarrled (for the fifth time)- on ..tho Leviathan In mid.- ocean, and the cartoonist, Mr. llud Fisher, was an ocean bridegroom. Last year there was .such a flock of bridal couples on Atlantic bonts thnt the Unl.ted States -Shipping Board ordered' their captains to celobruto no more- marriages. Usually, ocean weddings come about by ehance rather than design. Throe English girls crossed the Atlantle as second-class passengers to meet their future husbands, who held positions In New York. When tho brides-elect reached that city they wero not allowed to land, because they were unaccompanied. Not wishing to re turn to this country, they went, with tho matron of the Immigration buroau, to the City Hall, where they obtained mnringo licences. Returning to tho ship, they were joined by the husbands-elect, and three weddings took placo In tho second-clues passengers' library. The couple's subsequently formed a club, innd agreed to meet every year. No less , remarkable was tho love drama of k couple of elopers who wore making for New York as fast as a crack British liner could carry them. Suddenly a horrible thought occurred to. the man. Supposing, the girl's father should .send a p\oBsngo 1 After qpend- Ing.nn Anxious. nlght.-ho-.consulted'the captain, .who proved himself a' good friend:'.-' . . '.Through . his influence, a minister among the passengers mode tho run away couple man, and wife in mid- ocean, the skipper noting as best man, and the surgeon giving tho brldo away. In honour ot tho event the commander gave a wedding breakfast . And led the nierrymnklng. 'A romiintlc wedding was celebrated during, a Mediterranean tour. -When the : boat was. a day or two out ' a couple; btn British, met on deck" for (ho first time, and a .week - later " a minister on board, married them. The brldo wris given away. by the first offi cer, and in the evening a dance way held on the snloon deck. . There should lin'vo been a similar wedding lis a ship crossed the Equator, but it hnd to be postponed.'- An Irish- man and nn English widow of twenty- throe became acquainted during u holi day cruise, mid under the shadows of Pompeii, with tlie dazzling Italian sky overhead, they arranged to be married as the ship crossed the line. Thero was no difllculty about getting somebody to celebrnto the ceremony,' no un- arch deacon on board offered Ills- services. For some reason, however,' tho captain was npt sympathetic, and 'tho wedding hud to ho postponed, though It did take placo at sen. ' Ifl connection with, some ocenn wed dings, Cupid plays strange .pranks. Two or .three yenrs ngo a young womun left Liverpool for .Now York; thero to join and be murrlcd to a man sho-had' known from childhood. Short ns the voyngo Is, it was long . enough . for her to full In love with another man,' marry him, and step nsliore at New York, n wife of two. days. ' Hor old lover met her, nnd there wus a distressing scene. It Is unnecessary to' go far from our shores to witness weddings at sea; Many holiday-makers muHt have seen a small Btemnor, such ns a tug, at a time when, unknown to them, a mar riage was taking place nboiird. The scene Is usually just outside ter ritorial waters on the north-enst.constj mid tho pnrtics are as a rule Scan dinavians. Some yours ago a Nor wegian couple living In Sumlcrlanil. wishing to marry under the laws ot their native laud, chartered a tag-boat mid put out to sen with a large party. When their craft was durable the three- mile limit, mid therefore beyond British jurisdiction, a Scandinavian pastor celebrated the wedding, which was registered liy tlie Norwegian consul. Another Scandinavian couple could not marry In England because tliev had not acquired residential qualification. The bridegroom, who was the captain of a steamer, hired n tug,, and lie and Ills promised wife steamed beyond the three-mile limit, where tlicy were mar ried by a Danish pastor. Afterwards they left for Hcnlinm Hnrliour, where the cnpmin'H steamer lay. Willie I hose weddings are mostly peculiar to iliu north-east ronHt, some hnvo taken place from Swansea And oilier purts. If they do not cunl'orm to tlie overage bride's Idea of I lie chief event of her life, they save time and. more important still, avoid legal com plications. 