NOTES AND COMMENTS "Flop": There seems to be quite a dearth in successful air flights just at present. All the world record breakers are flopping promiscuously, one in Poland, another in mid ocean* another into a thick fog. Luckily most of them have not got hurt but some hare injured unoffending peasants and other nonfliers. • * * * "Disappointed"; The eager way in which the "Herald** and the "Argus" published rumors of a split in the Victorian Labor Party was natural, aild equally natural it may be supposed their reluctance no drop the choice morsel- However, they hare to admit that their **scoops** hare fizzled out and try to worm out of it with alluding to "rumors" and to "healing of the breach." * * » • "Anti-Yirisectionist: The able article by JL D. Lynch in the "Call" (17/11/27) on cancer research should carry conviction to the public. The more cancer research, which is largely vivisection, the more cancer. Nothing has been gained by what Alfred Russell Wallace called "the horrible experiments" of vivisection. Vivisection has been condemned by men so different as Chief Justice Coleridge, and Cardinal Manning, Victor Hugo and Dr. Moorhouse. * once * bishop * of this * city. A peculiar attitude is taken oy a Collins-street firm on the question of "Made in Australia." This firm has a splendid display of novelties made from Australian timbers and advises the same as suitable presents for overseas friends. One of the novelties is a polished match box, which blazons to the world that the matches that it holds are made overseas, litis is an incongruous advertisement for foreign made matches. • * • • "Farcical**: Bruce is going a bit over tiie odds. For the second time he has refused an invitation to a dinner in Canberra because the "accnrrrsed drrrink" was to be on the table. This is playing the American Prohibition game with a vengeance. Everyone knows that drink can be had freely in America and no one supposes that members of Parliament and others go without it at Canberra. The "spots'' within Parliament House at the Bosh Capital would make a leopard jealous. Does anyone imagine that the Duke and his suite and their hosts observed the dry ordinance in hot and dusty Canberra. What's yours? m * * * Detectives are investigating the theft of a cash box, containing about £22, from a room occupied by the Hospital Elm ployees' Union at the Melbourne Trades Hall. Members of the Union held their annual meeting in the room on Wednesday night, and it was afterwards securely locked. On Thursday morning it was found that the thieves had first attempted to enter the room by forcing the door with a jemmy. When this couice failed they sawed a hole in the woodwork and operated the lock from the inside. » * * » "Tom Foolery": Melbourne City Councillors waited till after they were reelected without opposition before raising tiie screws of all the head £erangs. When they were quite safe they put another £1000 a year on the salaries of five head men who do not need it. It is easily the most scandalous and obscene public act the M.C.C. has perpetrated. The gift of £1000 to Steve Morell was another unjustifiable thing to do. Steve has plenty of money and the honor for him is so high he should have taken the job on at the old £1500. His wet cupboard costs Steve £S00 a year for liquor for councillors and their friends. Why should the Mayor be asked to spend money on din- ners, banquets and luncheons given to a mob of parasites and hangers-on of the City Hall? Every alien vaudeville player, every petty pianist or fiddler or singer is given a Mayoral welcome, regardless of the worth or status of the visitor. Why should the citizens pay for guzzle for Governors or globe trotters or footballers or cricketers or actors from foreign parts? The whole sickening and Srasteful Mayoral outlay should be cut off as being of no benefit to the city or the citizens. The money so saved should be given to the hospitals and charities. By the way. the Melbourne City Council charity vote is the meanest and most disgraceful in the municipal world. * , * * » '•Australian": Hon L. G. Amery's mother was an Austrian Jewess named Leitner, who was an expert linguist. Amery himself is a good linguist and an excellent talker of soft stuff. Yet he is. like Winston Churchill, only a half-breed Englishman. Winston's mamma was a Yankee by birth. Many high places in politics in England are held by foreigners Alfred Mond, his partner Branner, and the late Lord Milner were all Germans. So was C. EL Merz, who laid out Melbourne's electric train system and got £221,000 in commission for the Job. * * * * "Citizen": When is Mr. Julius, the head of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, coming home from London? Directly his friend, S. M. Brace, appointed him chief of an important—in fact the most important—of all Bruce's boards. Julius cleared to London at the expense of the Federal Government, and he has been there ever since wasting money and time. Now Bruce has appointed another outside Englishman at a high salary of £2000 a year to investigate smut in wheat, which is as well known in Australia as'smut in English novels. And yet another Englishman. a pal of Bruce's, Dr. Tillyard of New Zealand, has been given £2000 a year to find out why blowflies squint Are Australians not fit to hold these jobs? • • * * "Octopus": Once again the "Herald." otherwise the Fink Combine, has opened its gluttonous jaws and swallowed two more contemporaries, so it is rumored in Melbourne. The "West Australian." Perth, is one of the latest victims to the journalistic combine shark, and the other is the Hobart "Mercury." What a joyous prospect confronts the democratic community one of the ideals of which is a "free press." Free! With practically all the papers acting as the mouthpiece of Theodore fink and under the editorship of Keith Murdoch! Of course, to a certain extent the public are themselves to blame for the support accorded to this hideous monopoly. If everyone purchased and read the newspaper that represented their views and voiced their aspirations, then there would be scant circulation for- the Fink Combine papers. # • * * "Curious": Surely it is bad enough for Australians to have drummed into their ears by English and Yank emissaries how to run their country without having Danish emissaries, such as Mr. Martin Schultz, of Karl Schultz & Co., manufacturers and importers. Denmark, who has just planted his feet on this dry-as-dust continent, giving us unnecessary advice. He says that Australians are the greatest consumers of butter in the world; that Australia is living beyond her means: she should export more and consume less of her own products; should follow Denmark's example and export her butter and eat or consume margarine. Melbourne's streets are dirty, he says; Australia is spending millions on immigration. and on the wrong class of immi- grant. We should uave Nordics, Hollanders and Northern Germans. He can understand that it is necessary for England to get rid of her surplus unemployed, nevertheless, over 5,000,000 migrants from Central Europe have been refused admission to England since the war, and many of them would have given their services just for their keep so as to gain instruction into business matters. This means that these people will hate England for all time, and to England's detriment. 