THE WORLD'S WHEAT. Producer* and Consumers. COMPLETE COOPERATION URGED. On returning from a visit to Canada recently, Mr. William Gallacher, a director «f the Scottish Co-operative Wholesale Society, wrote an interesting article for "The Producer," the business organ of the Co-operative movement in Britain. Following are extracts from the article, which was reprinted by the Hamilton (Scotland) "Advertiser," a copy of which has been kindly forwarded by Mr. Geo. Dewar to the "Chronicle":— To see co-operative production at work as a separate and distinct activity, unallied to the consumers movement, we must go to the Continent, where Denmark, ' with wonderful network of co-operative creameries, is the supreme example of what can be accomplished by the intelligent application of co-operation toagriculture. Tie Danich farmer, In tbe parch&»6 of hit land, the working of bit land, tbe working of his farm, and tbe marketing of bis produce proceed* all tbe time along co-operative linea. And the reenlti bare pro red highly eatisfactory to the Danish nation «i a whole. Further afield we have other itrikiog Instances of co-operation "purely from the producer's point of view. In New Zealand tbe fanners bare formed a cooperative organisation through which they market in Great Britain .their f rait and dairy produce. In Canada and the United 6tates of America the farmers are turning eagerly to co-operation for protection against the competition within their own renks. many of the fruitgrowing districts of tbeso two great countries not an apple can bo purchased except through the central co-oper&tiro; selling agency. Competition has been entirely eliminated among tbe producers, and tho buyer who formerly played off one grower against another now finda himself face to face with a selling organisation that controla tbe entire crop of a huge area, regulates prices, and— reversing tho old proceduro—playa off ono buyer against another. To understand the inception and growth of tho huge co-operative organisation in Western Canada known ns tbe "Wheat Pool," which controls 60 per cent, of tbe grain crop of Canada, and extends acr^s half a continent, it is necewary to know some-' thing of the histoiy of land settlement, nnd tho pioneer® who, long years ago, first broke up tbe virgin prairie soil of. Canads. Western Canada was eolonised by "the homesteader." One neod not be very old to remtneber the advertisements of the Canadian Government offering free land to suitable immigrants. A quarter section—160 aere^— free, with the prospect of an additional quarter section at & small price per acire was the inducement held out U fleck "the golden west" Thousands, nay hundreds of thousands of people from almost every nation in Europe flocked to Canada, eettled on tbe land, and built their little homesteads. Unny of them bad no experience of farming, and were tragically untuited to their new conditiona. Possessing little capital, they had to' borroC money at high rates of interest to provide themselves with stock and implements. The security waa their crops, bat ee time passed, many of the hemestcaderg had to mortgage their holdings to satisfy their creditors' demands. A few bad harvests in close succession rendered the payment of the exorbitant interest—seldom leu than 8 per cent.—impossible, and the Incldess farmer found the mortgage foreclosed, and bis land taken from him. He had the choice then of beginning anew on land less fertile rj more remote from rcihvny, or of drifting into town as 1 i unskilled worker. This briefly is the history of many of the pioneers of Canadian agriculture. Hcort-breaking and tragic were their cxpcricncos, find the snccess of r i» Canada may be said, paradoxionlly enougn, tj be built upon the ft-51 ures of tlic early settlers. They to tlic lund all they possessed— brain, I capital, courage, per- craucr—and then made way *for others to carry on the work. And tlicy, in turn, having given their all, wore displiu-cd, and so, after many ch;mgcs, tlic little farm developed and prospered, and provided a living for its owner nud his family, and—all the time—a profitable investment for the capitalist, One of the leading men of \Vestera Canada, native born, and an authority on Canadian fanning, told the writer that not more than 40 per cent, of-the original settlers retained their farms during their lifetime. It was'not unusual for a holding of 160 acres to pass through the bands of ten different people before it found a permanent owner. True, many of the early settlers were utterly devoid of fanning experience — miners, carpenters en*' gineeri, unskilled workers—and -quite onsuited to conditions that woold have taxed the abilities of the beat old-conntry farmers. But, as my Canadian friend remarked, 4 'the making of a new country requires not merely cnpital and labour, but sacrifice." And the burden of sacrifice 'baa fallen almost exclusively on the ' pioneers of Canada. Huge sums of money were spent in providing thousand! of elevatora at convenient points of the railwaya, and in building enormous terminal elevators at the head of the'lakes hundred* of miles east of Winnipeg. And dearly had the farmer to pay for these con-: veniences. Tho war period waa one of unexampled prosperity for the Canadian former. Wheat prices soared, and the farmer^ dream of ''dollar wheat" became a matter for jeat when wheat roarhed the unprecedented price of two dollars a bushel. Mortgagee were paid off, homesteads were repaired or renewed, more land was broken up, money was plentiful, and land values rose rapidly. The Canadian, always an optimist, rejoiccd in what seemed to him tbe dawning of the golden age in Canada. He was to be speedily disillusioned. The aftermath of the war had a disastrous effect upon Western Canada. Trices sank below the dollar mark, credit was restricted and money was dear. The farmer had to eell his wheat at the dictation of his creditors, whatever the price might be, and while he was striving th keep his head above tbe water, and sot always succeeding, tlie banks, elevator companies, imple-' ment makers, and grain brokers were prospering exceedingly. And then tbe farmer turned to co-operation as a cure for his economic ills. The formation of farmers co-operave associations in Western for speed and development, anequalled in the anwsls of co-operation. Indeed it is open to question whether the growth has not been too rapid. The provinces of'Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Alberta, commencing operations in 1923, have each their own wheat pooL Only grain producers are admitted to membership, but this permits cf both landlord and tenant of the same farm, where the rent is paid . . . . . . ,, - in grain. Joining the association. Tbe grower signs a contract to deliver all his grain to the pool for the period of five years. An executive committee, elected by the -.members from amongst themselves, controls the working of each SUte Wheat Pool" To-day it is quite certain that the pool controls At- least .two-third* of the acreage in Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta and every season sees a further development of its activities. But there Is another) and a superpool in existence. This is a combination of three State pools into oue ccntial selling agency, with its headquarter* in Winnipeg. It~is the super organisation that is meant when the siewspapers talk of the Wheat Pool. The -popularity of the Pool with the Canadian^ farmer is undoubted, and for the best of all possible' reasons. Tho general public of Western Canada are sympathetic to the .pool, but the graiu brokers' and merchants 'are .actively hostile; This is to be expected. The growth of the pool will assuredly put uiany of them out . of business. Beprescntatives from-Canada hav gone to South America and to Australia to discuss, with the wheat pools of those oountries, ways and meanB of marketing the wheat of the world by some deunite scheme of co-operutiun among the wheat pools of all uat ions which will cfiectlvcJy eliminate competition by rugulatiug the wheat supply. A particular iustauce will curve to illustrate the line of action 'which H it proposed to take. Australian Wheat is shipped to England on aigument, and sold ou arrival wnatever price it cun command. This practice, which is closely akin to dUmpiug, seriously dopresses tlic Liverpool market ut times, aud caubua a slump iu the price of Uauudian wheat. The suggestion now made is that Australiau wheat should be sold, not on consigumenl, but on the suuic plan now in use iu Canada, atid uudw> an orrongcmcut whereby ^Australia will withhold her wheat for a week a: two wbcu there is a plentiful suppiv of Canadian wheat on the market. The activities of the wheat pools arc world-wide, and it seems to be merely a, matter of timo ' until competitive selling aud the middlemen will be entirely eliminated from tbe wheat market of the world. What is to be the ultimate effect on the consumer f We are bound, X think, to admire the wonderful work of the wheat pool, aud to give due credit'to tho idealism that has inspired its prompters. But, what are fair and reasonable prices! Au«l who is to determine that point I These are questions to whieh there are no answers, is' it possible for an'organisation that has obtained complete control of the market to refrain from pushing its advantage to -the uttermost! Indeed, in such circumstances, human nature being what it is, can there be any priees but monopoly prices! It may ire said that any attempt to unduly raise prices would result in 'th>. new 'areas.being brought under wheat, and .increased production would bring prices down again. But this might prove a long and tedious remedy for a violent disorderl The CobsUmers* Movement of this country, with its wonderful network of Be tail Societies, and lti unrivalled distributive organisation, is the most fitting aud the most efficient channel through whieh the. Wheat Pool caii reach the' British consumer. The two movements can be made complementary. to each other. • It might be possible to finance the' Pool from this side, and so keep it free'from all 'capitalist infiucnecs. That' would merely mean advancing money for whieh we would later receive Canadian ,wheat. There be doubt that conaiderable economies could "be effected .by bringing into close contact the machinery of the two Movements. An attempt onght to be made, at the earliesf possible moment to establUh some sort of working arrangement with the Wheat Poo}s and to create, aa a beginning, a form of Joint Council where representatives of the Producers ind the Consumers would meet „to dispuss and detide, not merely priees 'of grain, but how best to utilise the great principles of co-operation which underlie both movements in the interests of Canadian Producers and British consumers; and for the' greater extension „ of cooperation among . the Nations of the World. A device that bat been very badly wanted for a long time hae been Invented by an American -electrical engineer. It Is a kind of midget traffic signal, of the kind eeen In city streets, with three eeta ot Illuminated dials, and Is designed to stop longwinded mfter-dInner talks. A green light signals "Mart talking;** amber, "time's nearly tip;" red, "atop— moreover, e4t down.** With warnings so lmpervonnl and so tmrnlKtaV-' able, dating Is tbfe man who disre-' gards them. 