SYDNEY TO CAIRNS. WALK FOR A WAGER. Hailing from Denmark, Air. E. Cold- ing, a pluriip, robust journalist, reached Alackay last' week .111 - con tinuation of his tramp trom Sydney to Cairns.. Mr. Colding. is searching for material for a book on Australia, which is to he published in Denmark, and afterwards translated into Eng lish. But why, it will be asked, this long trek of nearly 2000 miles. Apart from the object of book-writing, Air. Colding states that he made a private wager with a countryman that he could walk from Sydney to Cairns with only Id. in his pocket at time of starting, the conditions of the wager allowing hint to earn money by the way, to accept a lift or, by way of ail- ventune. to jump the rattler. The latter alternative, however, does not appeal to the walking journalist inas much as he might fall into the hands of the law and be forced to pay his fare and thereby break his contract. That Air. Colding is no "common, tramp" was gleaned . by a 'Alercury' representative, while chatting to the . long distance "ped," who spoae from | a barber's chair, while the deft hands of a female operator gave him what he terriied; (flatteringly, no doubt, but by way of compliment) the best hair cut lie had received outside Denmark. Besides being a university educated man,' Mr. Colding is much-travelled' also, and claimed to have been . through South America, China and Japan and to have motored from Cairo to Capetown — all in the interests of journalism — and now the Danish- scribe is out- to see Australia, and to tell his kith and kin what nis impres sions are. Air. Colding lett bvdnov on February 1, with the prescribed penny in his possession. H6 had, of course, his travelling kit packed 111 a swag, but these appendages proved . too cumbrous and they wore discard ed at Gympie. Naturally, the most sensational experiences of the trip were being jealously kept from news paper interviewers, ail of whom, -Air. Colding has where possible, been: stu- deously avoiding ; nevertheless, he mentioned how he earned his first £1 on the road. 1-Ie was about 20 miles north of Sydney when he sought' tlie usual hospitality 'iit a farmhouse. While he was putting forth his re quest for'a corner in ashed, discordant sounds were, being hammered :out-of a . piano in 'the 'house. Even the farmer showed signs of annoyance .'and . re marked that; he' had not yet. met a tramp, who could tune a piano.' Ris ing to tlie occasion, the wayfarer, who, by the way/ is an excellent pian ist,: although :riot;'a mechanic,1 under took to make a job of ;the instrument- - and, for Jack/of '/ better - implements-' carried ori with; a couple of 'spanners from the farmer's motor car outfit-- Pleased' With /the result, the farmer asked Colding' to/name his ree, but he . leftv that to / the/ good nature - of his employer, who gave him £1.:-':- 'Although' highly iriipressed with the wonders :atid; possibilities" of- what lie had ;sebri-qfj Australia,; in 'general.' and Queensland, in; particular, Air. Colding does' not' int'en'd to advocate emigra tion on his/retprri to Denmark, not at least, he/said/ /until labor conditions in; this part of. the; world improve. At : present"; ( he 'sriidj./'D'ariiBh., immigrants turned to /Canada:;;/ nevertheless,; -he- himself intended;, /after, (/finishing'- th'ia - trip/ and .ve-viBiting- iiis/ hoiiielaflU/ tq ' return and; settle in Queensland.;, .Ho expected to 'reach .Cairns in six iveoltai . time. . He was, he said," uride'terrfed/by " the troubles in the' North, as a little interruption would only give him something more io Win n s 00111;; >- % was . out for. adventure and pabulum for booklore. V/ith view le aid 111 - in this direction, he was advised to make for South Johnstone and to rep resent that he was looking for a cane cut in that district. He was promised all tlio adventure he could crowd in a lifetime, much leys; in a book, 