COMMERCIAL REVIEW. LONDON, July OT. Th.- stock exchange opened with a fair amount of liveliness, but the ap proach of the holiday became the do minant factor and generally quiet markets ensued, but prices maintain ed a : surprising degree of strength. Glltpdged stocks were very nrni. with some recently issued colonial stocks ln steady demand. *The movement of. the exchange to £1/6/8 discount against Australia has been responsible for a material reduction In tbb London funds of Australian banks. This partly. ft$isonal development has as HOmed* tinusuaUy large proportions owlnjf-to 'Australia's recent heavy im p*r«,- while the outlook for tlie com ing Australian export .season Is less favorable owing to the severe drougbt ln some districts. ? Cold comfort Is derived from Mr. Cunllffe Luster's Inquest on the na tional trade, position in the House of Common's. The 'Economist's' write!' Bays the most notable feature of the debate 'was the revelation of deep nested uneasiness arq&ng; nil parties. The volume of net Ipaports In the first quarters jf 1927 10 1SJ per cent nnd the second quarffcr to J27 per cent of the 1»13 figures, while the experts In the same period were only 75 20 and 78.6 per cent respectively of the 1913 figures. The returns show the ad verse balance hes grown from £70.500, 004 irr.*ue first half or 1913 to £209, OOO^Op tbls year. The 'Economist' expresses the opinion the nation Is lining on invisible receipts lo a more ?dgnftaint extent than before th,e w.ir. resulting In a lower capacity to make capital investments nl-road. The 'Yorkshire Post' thinks Mr. Pratlen is over optimistic with refer ence to Srlllsh manufacturers* pro bable response to the Invitation :o start branch factories In Australia. It says there Is a tecllr.-r In Industrial circles that Australia for the Uine be ing, would bo better advised to de velop purchases of British manufac turers. Industrailsu are most willing to carefully examine the prospects of establishing Australian branch fac tories, but they told Mr Pratten that the necessary long credits cannot nt present be obtained. The reeu|t of the recent Commonwealth loan 'Is re garded as ominous for those seeking further credits'* for Australian enter prises, and there arc doubtB whether Australia's rate of immigration war rants the Immediate building ot branch factories at heavy Australian . th-Bt The last wool sales revealed the Bound standing of raw material. Tbe home trade wnB tho largest l»uyer tak ing 66,700 bales, compared with the continent's 49.600. Nevertheless the manufacturing end of the trade is far from Botlsfactorr there being far too much standing machinery. This con dition of affairs has been so prolong ed that it has given rise to a search for on heroic remedy. Correspond ence in the Yorkshire Press shows there Is a growing opinion the In dustry needs reorganisation in tbe di rection of collective notion. It Is burdened with a multiplicity of small nrme. sending up costs Ity fronuent handlings of goods. There are num erous profits between the row mnlerlul nnd finished fabrics. Combinations ot all processes under a 'single mdsoge ment for collective advertising mid, search' of trade nre being infiuentlallv advocated. Trade In Australian and New Zen land butters has been disappointing In the past month, chiefly owing to heavy supplies of European descriptions. Production ln Europe him been main tained to flush point much longer than usual. Owing to heavy rnlna Germany has not taken her liormnl slmro of Danish, resulting In heavier shipments of the latter to L-undon. It Ib interesting to note Dnnmnrk his forestalled speculations by a recent oct compelling casks to he stamped with the date of mun.u.iclure. thus enforcing their Immertutp markelln Australian and New Zealand iniicrs seem, however, to li: ve touched 'the bottom: European supplies this week began lo show a reduulo,-. nil round: Mock* In cold stores (rc below last year, an -j the outlook tor llie iirtroo dluio future present* a healthier as pect for fnvcatora. finite nRroTnent liQfl l-fecn re&ctird; be tween various bompanle* concerned In the Argentine mcfit wnr # %At\ Anglo* Dutch undertaking will he closed, Its percfntuite of exports' being distribut ed botwecn the remaining smaller ?firms. y..«ts-s n'nrt the American jwek crs having their differences lone ago. All the companies remaining ln the trade between them have undertaken to find 100.000 yearly to pny the Anglo-Dutch ' Company's debenture Interests. Tlic only rem ng f* 'ft. 