SHERIDAN MURDER CASE :: REMARKABLE HUMAN DOCUMENT. The Man Who Was Not Afraid to Die. UNDER THE SHADOW OF THE CRUCIFIX. Dr. Sheridan: His narrative, given just as he wrote it. Where you find the sentences jerky, or the style awkward, or the spell- ing wrong bear with the author, remembering that he had two more days only of life and knew it. "In nomine Patria et Filli et Spiritus Sanctus. Amen! "I was born In Australia, of Catholic parents, and at the early age of two years was carried away to England. 'My father was a navigator in the Brit- tish Navy, who had resigned his posi- tion owing to his brother being con- cerned in the Young Ireland Movement with Mitchell and Smith O'Brien. My mother was of English parentage, part- educated in France." The doctor, in gaol garb, then went on to describe details of his early life, and continued: — "Stories of the wild bush life in- flamed my imagination, and I used to picture myself galloping over the plains. How little I then knew how hard that work really was: but its spice of danger lent it a charm, to which in after years I have often look- ed back with a sigh of regret. "Ay de mi, happy days too soon to pass, and give place to the grim reali- ties of existense. How happy it was in the evening to steal away to have a chapter from my favorite (but inter- victed) 'Mayne Reid' or 'Gustave Aim- ard,' leaving the Pinnock or Telemague that I was supposed to be reading, nicely planted out of the Mater's sight, "It ended all too soon, and the order of march was Westward ho! where on the Broken Ranges and in the Brigalow Scrubs of the Upper Macintyre I found wild cattle and Horses enough to keep my hands full and satisfy the veriest glutton of a rough rider, to repletion. 'Pour years of this wild, free, happy, hard-working life, sleeping on the damp ground with the sky for a can- opy, the saddle for a pillow, damper and salt junk for food, amongst staunch, brave comrades, the wild cat- tli stealing, moon-lighting, brumbie chasing, buckjump riding young Aus- tralians. Happy for to-day, careless for to-morrow, with a good horse un- der me and plenty of cattle in the scrub; quiet intervals of home life with my mother, brothers, and sister, a little French, a little music, and plenty of my beloved books when the end came. "My serpent was a fair daughter of Eve. It came in my eighteenth year. We were both about the name age, were thrown much together, and the result was disastrous to both. She was sent home. I was sent to Peri- gna to muster brumbies, take them North for sale, and made to under- stand that I had disgraced everyone belonging to me, and that I was not to come home again. Some land had been bought and built upon in my name in Warwick. This I had to transfer for the benefit of the infant, our fruit d' amour. I never saw either of them again for years, not until I had passed through the flashing thunder cloud of war. "In Rockhampton, after paying all expenses, I had a little over £800 in my pocket, and did not know what to do. Dreams of turning squatter, going to the Digging, buying a schooner, any fancy that came across my mind en- gaged me for a few days until one day, strolling along the Esplanade, I saw a trim little barque lying in the river. I watched her dreamily for a time; she put me in mind of something, and I moved along to see her name. There it was: 'Vulcan, Cardiff. I was aston- ished. My uncle's ship, and here? I was aboard in an instant, asked for Captain Meredith, and was soon shak- ing Uncle George's manly hand. He was more astonished than I was. I had grown in five years, and had a moustache like a fly's eyebrow that I was very proud of. He thought I was eight or nine hundred miles away. I had last heard of him in China, so meeting in tho Fitzroy was a surprise for both. Mutual explanations ensued, and he insisted on my going with him to Europe, as it had been intended when I was a youngster that I should study medicine. So I packed up again, bade Charley good-bye and got aboard. The Vulcan was a clipper well offi- cered and well manned, flying high with her cargo of wool, we made a rapid passage round the Horn to Gravesend. After a few days in London I went to Grantham, in Lincolnshire, to see my relatives and arrange for the future. With the Belles of the Old World. "Uncle George came down when he had arranged about his cargo, and a family council consisting of self, uncle George, my Uncle Michael (Dr. Mere- dith) and his wife, my Aunt Marj., was held to consider what was to be done with the scapegrace. The deci- sion of that council altered the whole tenor of my life. The Doctor had served in the Crimea, and as I under- stood French well, and he had surgical acquaintances in Paris, it was deter mined that I should go thereto study the Arts and mysteries of Medicine and Surgery. Meanwhile, it was arranged that I should take a trip to Copenhagen and Deippel, in Denmark, upon some busi- ness for my uncle until the prelimin- aries were arranged for my studies. I had a pleasant passage to Kobenbaun. The merchant Kempff (with whom had business) spoke English, and I had no trouble. I stopped at his home. He had three very beautiful daughters who undertook to teach me Danish, and led me round to the sights of Kobenhaun. The 'Tivoli,' 'Konigade.' and others; took me early to the Lutheran Church on Sunday and introduced me to their girl friends, unquestionably the most beautiful collection of women that I have ever seen. Talk of 'Figiel d'ltalia!' The pure northern beauty of these 'Danske pelas,' with a touch of their own 'Aurora' lighting it, is more charming. "The war fever. It seized us young hot heads and we held grave councils discussing how the campaign should be conducted. God help us! We knew nothing about it then, but we knew what war meant after. I had two spe- cial comrades, an Englishman, Wm. Harrison, who had taken his M.B., B.Ch. in London, and came over to France for a term to see how they did those things, and an American Spaniard, Carlos Estavan, whose mother was an American lady, his father a wine mer- chant of Malaga. Many and anxious were our consultations, and we decided to volunteer for the Army Medical Staff Corps and see some fighting, and get some good hard surgical practice. It will be better than the hospitals, said Will and more interesting. So it was decided. We sent in our papers, made our application, were gladly accepted, and off to Chalons. We put in our appearance at headquarters at Le Mar- neton, and were appointed to the am- bulance attached to the 3rd (?) Divi- sion Legere, General Milot. So we were likely to see some fighting, but the rapid, heavy blows had been struck in the north. Saarbruck, Forbach, Woerth, Vionville. McMahon was fall- ing back, forced into the death trap of Sedan, and Bavaines' magnificent army was going through the bloody time of Gravellotte and St. Privat. "We seemed out of it, but we had one sharp brush with a strong body of Uhlans near Epernay, and taught them rather roughly that the Chassepot and Mitrailleuse were arms to be re- spected. It was the first time that I had seen a cavalry charge in earnest and powder burning in anger, and though it was relatively a very small affair, I am not likely to forget it or the sorrowful impression that the first day amongst the wounded gave me, the horrible wounds caused by segments of shell, the blue spots of the Chassepot bullets and metraille telling their silent, gory tale of hu- man suffering, death, and destruction. "After our hurried work was over we passed over where the charge had been made; the ground was ocoupied by burial parties, field gendarmerie, and field post, with a sprinkling of Red Crosses, seeking for any wounded that might remain amongst the bodies stretched so quietly sleeping their last sleep among the dead horses, lumps of clay who, a short two hours be- fore, wore in the pride of health and strength, and hope beating high in their breasts; and now their souls had been hurried in the midst of fiery passion before their Maker, before Him whose coming was heralded by the strain 'On earth peace and good will to men'; and I sadly thought, this is the noble game of war, hurrying hundreds of men into Eternity, who personally never injured us in thought or deed. God have mercy upon us! "I was only too happy to return to my proper duties of alleviating suffer- ing for friend and foe. . . . The Old George- street Waxworks. :And In May, 1871, we were in the mad days of the Commune, where fathers and sons were ranged on op- posite sides in desperate fratricidal battle. I will pass over those horrors, they are but too well known, except to remark that I suffered a severe loss there. My comrade and friend, Harrison, was killed at Chatillon by a segment of shell, and I felt his loss severely after going through so many dangers together, because though non- combatants we were very often un- der fire. I was then attached to the cavalry under the Marquis Gallifet, and there were some terrible doings after the capture of Paris during the days of Martial Law. . . . "A letter from my mother in Aus- tralia settled all. My father was dead. I was the head of the house and was wanted at home. Hastily making my arrangements and promis- ing myself to come back and follow the career that I had planned for myself I left Paris, alas, for ever, stayed a short time in England, and took passage in the Alexandrina for Rockhampton, called at Capetown for fresh supplies, and landed our cargo of immigrants at Rockhampton on De- cember 23 1872. Thus I set foot on Australia again at the spot where I left it four years previous. I went in the Queensland to Brisbane, by rail to Toowoomba, where my family were then residing. After our meeting I set to to set matters square. My father had left them much poorer than I ex- pected, so it was a matter of face the world. My Uncle George, who had promised me assistance, had been lost with his ship in the typhoon in the China Seas. So I had to get into har- ness soon as possible and give up hopes of returning to Europe. I first went to the Northern Dig- gings, Ravenswood, and Cape River, did fairly well, essayed my luck at the Palmor, got a severe attack of inter- mittent fever and had to come south, to my very great regret, as there were but few medicos in the north, and a splendid field. Again my lines changed. I went home to Toowoomba, and from there I went with a small outfit, on to the Western Railway, and started busi- ness at Chinchilla, whore I first hung out my shlngle. I met as a patient a young, long-haired girl of 15, called Mip. White. That is 20 years ago, but I have seen a great deal of that young lady since. I have seen her to-day, but her 15 years of married life has left its trace; the long auburn hair of those days is not so long or bright now; but she tells me that her heart has never wavered since those days on the sandhills at Chinchilla. For all that it was five years after that first meeting, and two of those years of serious engagement, before we were married in Roma. We have been loyal, happy, and unhappy together over since. "I pursued my private practice for some time, curing fever, dysentry, and snake- bite with a fair meed of success. At last, on Dr. E. R. Webbo resigning, I was appolntod medical oillcer for the llllc — an(i whilst in the position of medical officer »! acted as pre siding officer in tho Northern Downs electorate at the Tehan n|ng — at a salary of £36 per month and forage for two horses, keep myself and supply drugs and. Instru ments. There were 60 miles of line In formation at the time, about COO work men, and I had to travel that constant ly, as there was a great deal of illness, fever dysentry, croup, and scales fever always on hand, -with all tho other little Ills of male and female, old and young. ? I did my work conscientiously, a goneral favorite, und at the com pletion of the line to Roma received a testimonial. Busy though I was, I used to find time to soe my little girl occasionally, until she was sent to Dalby Convent for some months to fin- ish and get confirmed on her return. We were married n St. Patrick's, Roma, on May 4, 1881. God grant her grace. . . ." He then went on to describe a part- nership into which he entered in Syd- ney, in which he cured people of sun- dry ills. Later he started in Park- street on his own. "During the first year of my new business I earned £1600 less a few shillings. "I was doing fairly well until women came in the way again. I had been doing a large legitimate midwifery practice, and there are a good few young people about Sydney now that I brought to the light of day; but an extraordinary case occurred. I was treating a certain lady of easy virtue. I did not know that she dabbled in mid- wifery, but she asked would I go as far as Petersham if I was called. I naturally replied yes, if I were paid for it. Some week or two after her hus- band, a stupid Frenchman, called late in the evening and told me that I was wanted at a certain house in Constitu- tion- road. I went and found a young woman whom I had never seen before. "They explained that the girl had been taken bad the day before, and that she had got afraid owing to her 'being so long over it' and had sent for me. Looking at the case I found that the girl was 'multipara' — and got sus- picious that all was not right, and then asked the people why she had not call- ed another doctor who lived only a few yards on instead of sending to Sydney. She replied, 'Oh, I don't be- lieve in him.' I found out why after it was too late. "After attention I returned to Sydney a little puzzled about my case, though fully convinced that the elderly woman knew a great deal more about the mat- ter than she would admit. I saw the girl the following morning, and did not like her progress. However, at the time I was mixed up in another case which had gone badly and was unable to attend to her. It seems she got worse, was attacked by peritonitis, and the doctor who was 'not believed in' was called. "At the trial it came out that the reason why he was not called in the first instance was that a few months previous be had been called to the same girl in the same house on a sim- ilar occasion, and they were afraid to call him again. The end of the case was fatal. The people said I had been attending the girl and that another Frenchman had paid for the abortion. I had never seen the Frenchman before to my knowledge. The jury, after be- ing locked up from Saturday until Monday, disagreed — 10 for acquittal. We were put back, tried again before another judge. "Guilty, 10 years. "That conviction brought one, in the other case without much consideration, five years' more — nine months in sepa- rate treatment, then stone-breaking. Was not left long at that, services were required. Was writer for Trades Overseer for two or three years, then appointed cheif wardsman in hospital, where my training made me of some use. We had pretty hard times of it there, as there were several cases of typhoid fever requiring constant vigil- ance. Delirium. "I suppose that you have never sat up through the still watches of the night with a typhoid patient, who, tossing and muttering beside you, trying to get out of bed every instant, demands constant atten- tion, cleaning the parched lip and tongue, changing the ice caps on the fevered head, and restraining mad efforts to escape from bed. It is weary work, and requires a good deal of the milk of human kind- ness, and a strong stomach to make a good wardsman in a fever hos- pital. "My wife, God bless her, had work- ed successfully for me, and I returned to Sydney, followed, I believe, by the hearty good wishes of all my com panions in the prison. "I had only a few pounds, as my de- fence had taken nearly all the proceeds of the business, which I had to sell at a sacrifice and she had been earning her own living for years in a large dressmaking establishment. I unfortu- nately determined to try my luck In Park-street once again. I say unfortu- nately, because I should have left Syd- ney and tried a new field in toto, and times had changed. Money was scarce everywhere, rents higher, and competi- tion much keener. I could not take up business where I had left off. My clien- tele were scattered by years of ab- sence, and I had to recommence, to build up a new business with every thing against me. Short of cash, no credit, no connection, nothing but a stout heart and a fair knowledge of my business. I took a shop at £4 per week, and when I had fitted It up and a few drugs in it my slender means were ex- hausted. Then began the dire fight which has lasted till the present. Well, I failed there; the flood was too strong for me; and I took employment in the Paddlngton Drug Store for a time; left that, opened a dental business in Beal's Chambers, sold that and bought the Paddington Drug Store, like a fool. Prior to purchasing that business I was in private practice in Paddington, and was making a living under small expense. . . . "I helped materially to save a good girl from the consequences of a fault that was occasioned by the careless- ness of her parents, for if you will let young men and women go strolling through Centennial Park on dark nights after supper you provide the means for strong temptation, and if a young woman who loves a fellow falls, it is the fault of those who place that temp- tation in their way, they themselves knowing well what the result will pro- bably be, and not be much the fault of the unfortunate girl who has to bear all the consequences of a slip, the re- sult of a momentary passion in the midst of strong temptation. . . . "Now was the beginning of the end. The whole idea of a quack advertising place was repugnant to me, who had always kept (in medi- cal work) to the rule that it was infra dig to advertise that you could cure people of all sorts of ills, and highly improper for any man with a medical training to connect him- self with such class of business. But what was I to do? There was on the one hand a promise of a liv- ing; on the other almost certain starvation, and I argued I can at least do the best that my skill will permit in such cases as may come, Treat them honestly, and so mini- mise the wrong such establish- ments generally do. The 'raison d'etre' of such places is to make money, milk their unfortunate clients of every penny that they possibly can under specious pro- mises and theories learnt by the fellow running the show, as a parrot learns its lessons, for these men are not, as a rule professionally trained. "I saw every class of woman, from those whose carriage was left in the quiet part of Macquarie-street, to the barefoot girl selling matches and news- papers. Many and various were their complaints. Some married women were anxious to have children, some had too many olive branches and were eager to try prevention. Others complained of drunken, wife-beating husbands, and did not wish to bear any more children to them. Young women came in their trouble to be helped out of it. Mothers came to have their daughters saved the disgrace of illegitimate maternity. All sorts, old and young, seemed to have something going wrong. "Another of my cases will show a queer side of Sydney married life. A Mrs. L., whom I had attended some years ago, came hurriedly to me one morning to attend a woman in labor at Redfern. I went with her in the 'bus into the Assyrian slums of Eliza- beth-street, opposite Redfern Park, and there found a young woman in the throes of parturition. She requir- ed instrumental assistance, and being a 'primapara,' had had some hours of exhausting, ineffective labor. After about half an hour, she was safely de- livered of a girl and made comfort- able. After going downstairs I had a conversation with Mrs. L. about the girl whom she called 'Flo,' as I had not noticed any wedding ring. I was naturally curious as to who the young mother, my patient, was. On questioning Mrs. L., she said coolly: 'You will 'ave to look to 'Arry (her, Mrs. L.'s, husband) for your money, as the kid belongs to him.' To say that I stared with astonishment would be putting it very mildly. Here was a wife keeping her husband's para- mour in the house with her, and more, nursing her in her confinement, of a child of which her husband, the father of her own children, was the putative father. The Big Tragedy. " 'O tempora, O mores,' I confess that I felt very awkward, but could say nothing. Visions of jealous fury, carving knives, and lethal poisons, flashed across my mind. However, they got along together, as well as a couple of Mormon women, though I asked 'Arry about the paternity of the child, and got the reply that Flo said it was his, and she ought to know. "And now we come to the 'Eliza- beth-street tragedy,' as it has been fittingly named. "Mais helas. All that I might write upon the subject. Not even if I gave the names and addresses of all that I know who have had it done, or of all the people, male and female, who practise the art, would alter the fact that women will solicit to have them- selves relieved of their burthen, and that other women and men will un- dertake to so relieve them. I believe the art was practised in Europe before 'the pelasgi' came. I know that it is practised by the Kanakas of the South Seas, and probably some one will be doing it when the last trumpet sounds. The tendency to it is innate, with women of all nations, creeds, and color, and strict moral train- ing for girls, and the conse- quences of their slip, both here and more especially hereafter, should be sternly pointed out to them. Let parents show a good moral life to their daughters, keep them from quiet dark walks at night, and the moral bloom of our feminine, fruit will re- main on much longer. Woman's vir- tue is a very delicate fruit, and once the bloom is rubbed off, all the tears of Niobe cannot regain it. "But to return to my case. A young woman came to me under a false name and told me a pitiful story which was only partly true. She was preg- nant, and that was about all the truth that she told me about her case. She came half-dressed in the early morn- ing, and I naturally came to the con- clusion that she came from close by. She, on being questioned, said she came from Macdonald Town. On ex- aminatlon I found her 'primpara,' and in the initial stage of labor. I advised her to go home, as the labor might come on rapidly, and on the other hand might last a couple of days. She said she could not go home, as she was in lodgings, and asked could I find her a place until it was over. I arranged with the Chapmans to look after her at 7/6 per day. I asked the girl, who gave the name of 'Annie Brown,' what had caused the prema- ture labor. "She told me she had been taking medicine for several weeks from a doctor, whose name she mentioned, and thought that might have had effect at last. But I afterwords (at the trial) discovered that the most probable cause was over-excitement. She had had a very serious quarrel with her mother, who had stripped her of her clothing, and she had come a hurried railway journey boiling over with excitement. She was in a rest- less excited state when she consulted me, and would have been a little more than woman if she could have borne the amount of agitation that she had cone through in her then condition without evil effects. There was no occasion to 'operate.' I gave her some medicine and sent her up to the room, where she carefully secluded herself. I saw her occasionally in company with the nurse. "The labor dragged slowly on, and on the Friday morning I was told that all was 'right.' "What became of the child I know not, and what exactly hap- pened in that room after I left the premises on Thursday I only know from hearsay and deduction. This I know, that the injuries were re- ceived during delivery, and that the rupture was occasioned a few minutes after. I was told that an intestine had protruded, and as they could not get it back, some force was used, and it was divided. "When I went upstairs on Friday morning I asked the girl how she had got on. She said that she was all right, but the features were hipocratic and the awful grey shadow of death was there. I was attending a sever case out of town and had to go out to attend to it. "When I returned she was dead, and the household in a great state of excitement. Then hasty talk in- formed me of all, of who had been there, and what took place shortly after the birth. The next question was the disposal of the body. The mad fear of the woman when she saw the mess that had occurred, her mad prayers that it should be removed somewhere, and not buried from the promises, as her employer (the owner of the house) would kick them out. The man was ac- tually going for a van to remove it when I stopped him, and pointed out the other means. "That night, not being at all satis- fied with the result, I determined to examine the wound through an in- cision made through tho linea alba. I did so, and finding the rupture, passed my other hand over and satisfied my self that even without the division of the bowel, she could not have lived, I then put in a common post mortem stitch to close the wound in the ab- domen. "The rest of this unhappy case is publicly known. But this is not known: The exact truth that I did not perform any operation upon the patient; that I am not responsible for the rupture of the womb nor for divid- ing the bowels. Dr. A-- is wholly and totally wrong in his theory. The incision, in the abdomen was post mortem. There was no Cescorian op- eration to remove a child, and the girl lived longer after the birth than he supposed. He Fights For Himself, X-- was wrong in his deduc- tion that the splashes of blood on the wall were occasioned by operat- ing on the girl in the surgery. In fact, there, was not one drop of her blood about the wall, but the less said about X--'s theories the better for him. He is more pedant than scientist. X— is unfitted for his position, as instead of sticking to the description of facts, only, his vanity carries him away and makes him a special witness who does all he possibly can to convict. It is very easy to suppress the truth where truth would be of value to the prisoner. The prosecution takes the narrow view that they only want the evidence against a prisoner, not the broader one of all the truth for or against, and if they can get a witness to distort and cover it with a host of technical terms that are not understood of the peopIe, it suits their book, but a witness who should be unbiassed, but who is gov- erned by the man hunting principle, is, to say the least, reprehensible. "My counsel, to whom 'be all honor,' and who I cannot thank sufficiently, together with my solicitor, did all they possibly could, for me; but medical evidence is a quagmire bristling with technical terms and description, in which any one, not specially trained in anatomy and the language of the medical profession, will hopelessly flounder, not knowing what to avoid, and so plunging 'in media res' gets in- extricably bogged, whilst I defy any ordinary jury to understand it as evi- dence, and thus they depend on the summing up of a judge, who must confess himself that be did not under- stand a half of it, and based his prin- cipal conclusion on the evidence of an approver who did not tell all the truth, and nothing like as much as she knew; and on an explanation of the ambigu- ous clause of the Act under which I was tried, and in which he defined the word 'Malice' to mean not an inten- tion to injure any one, but the fact that a person had been injured by some other person without that per- son having any intention of so injur- ing them, so I should advise medical men to be very cautious in performing even minor operations, as, should their patient unfortunately die, they are, ac- cording to his dictum, legally guilty of murder, though their intentions may have been of the best. "However, in my case, the ver- dict brought me into the condemn- ed cell, and next Thursday (7th January, 1896) I hope to be with my Father in Heaven. What the agony of mind has been under these circumstances you know. I have not led a good life, though I never totally lost Faith, but gaz- ing backward now I find very, very much to reproach myself with, evils done, and good work left un- done, chances refused that offered for my reformation. It is as- tonishing to a poor mortal how clear the mental and introspective vision becomes at the near ap- proach of the Dread Angel; how many years you can live over again in a few moments; how every little action of the long forgotten past springs up to up braid you; how disgustingly black the soul appears that you used to think (if you ever thought of it at all) rather a good sort of fellow; how sternly the discarded consci- ence arraigns you. With 'I told you so long years age, but you would go your own way, and see where it has landed you,' what will you do now? And the mocking temptation to despair thrown forth by the devil, like that wail of a lost soul. 'Too late, ye cannot enter here.' And the plaintive cry of hope. Keep in the battles man, you can yet win if you are steadfast, 'These terrible mental struggles are almost continuous. But I am now finding the efficacy of prayer, and I sincerely hope that the pro- mise, 'Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth,' is being borne out in my case. "Father, I now can appreciate the sword of sorrow and the suf- ferings of the Passion, and the terrible longing to be alone with sorrow, hidden from human eye that it might exhaust itself in the violence of it's paroxysm. But that, too, is denied me here. In the condemned cell you are never alone. My soul is filled with the bitterness of the 'Asphodel' and 'Artemesis,' and the cup is run- ning over, but it must perforce be drained to the dregs, and I must go to an ignominious death. His Last Cry: Kyrie Eleison. And drag a grand old name shining in battle, song, and story through the mire of a felon's death at the hand of the common hangmen. "But even in this bitter pass I humbly thank God that I am no traitor. I have never turned my back on either friend or foe. I have never betrayed a professional secret, for I do not consider be- trayal asking my Confessor's ad- vice in a particular case 'that you wot of,' where I was undecided what was morally right to do in the matter. "I have been always gentle to women, kind to children, and have dealt fairly by men, according to my lights, but I have many sins of omission and commission. "I have no hope In the mercy of man; it is an unknown quantity in New South Wales. "Where they gather and sew, reap and mow, Labor and sleep! And then, then for the prize. A crowd in the street of ever echo- ing tread, The 'Toiler' dies in his harness, Is streched on the pathway 'Dead!' "No, my only hope is in the in- finite mercy of my Lord and Savi- our, Jesus Christ, and I cry the cry with Dismus. May the Lord have mercy upon me in His great mercy, and remember not my offonces, but grant me a place in His Heavenly Kingdom. Amen." L'ENVOI. "I have been a keen worker and not unsuccessful professionally, yet I have not been a success. Et pourquoi? I think that I can now see myself more clearly than I ever cared to try be- fore, and I reckon up myself and my failures in the business of life thusly: — A fair start in the world, blessed with a good constitution and a really good training. Later blessed by a lov- ing (almost to idolatry) virgin wife (aye, Father, when I married her she was 'virgo intacta'), what wouid a man want more? Yet I was a failure by temperament and travel. I was a prey to discontent. If in a steady busness I must add something else to it to in- crease it, not for love of lucre, God knows. I never cared for money ex- cept for what I could do with it, but I believe from pure unconscious specu- lation if I were working twenty hours a day, I think I should try to find something to fill up the other four. "The result of this temperament and my obstinacy was that I used to often come to grief and lose a good deal more than I bargained for. Had I my time over again in New South Wales with my present experience, matters would be different, as I have to trace many of my past misfortunes to sur- roundings and extraneous influences. What is it old Horace says ? 'Intra nos peccatorus ex extra,' or something of that sort. Ay de ml, it is all over now, and on Tuesday next, 'Koomos' will crumble into nothingness for me, and I will be face to face with my Creator. In that dread hour may He have mercy upon my poor sinful soul, is the humble prayer of your poor penitent. — I am, Father, yours in lov- ing sorrow. Thomas Meredith Sheridan Kyrie Eleison On September 1 , 1895, the nude mutilated dead body of Jessie Nicholas, aged 23, was found in a packing case near the Woolloomooloo wharves. Dr. Thomas Meredith Sheridan, a deeply religi- ous man with a horror of gambling, who was born at Glebe-road, Sydney, 1850, was arrested and charged with the murder, and hanged oh . January 7, 1896. According to the evidence at the trial, Jessie Nicholas, who was in a certain condition, visited Dr. Sheridan, was operated upon, and butchered in a shocking manner. She died on August 30. The evidence against him, together with his record, was as black as it could possibly be. In gaol, Dr. Sheridan wrote the story of his life. He compressed it into 45 pages of closely-written manuscript, in which he protested his innocence. It is one the most intensely human documents that has probably ever been published, and will be of exceptional interest to those who remem- ber the famous case, and to all other students of human 'psychology. He has allowed the reader into his confidence, and described vividly the last hours before his death when the shadow of the gallows hung heavily over him. He was unafraid. 