THE CHURCHES. NEWS' AND NOTES. ANGLICAN NOTES. At St. John's Cathedral tomorrow, the twentieth Sunday alter Trinity, there will be Holy Communion at 6 a.m., 7 a.m., 8 a.m., and 9.46 a.m. Thoro will be a sung Eucharist and proces sion and sermon by the Dean of New castle at 11 a.m. (Communion service, Martin in A). At 7.30 p.m. there will be evensong, sermon and procession, preacher the Dean of Newcastle (Dr. Crotty). To-morrow Is Festival Sunday at St. John's Cathedral. After the early celebrations at 6 and 7 a.m., there will | be a corporate Communion of the congregation at 8 a.m. to be followed by breakfast in St. John's Schoolroom ; at 8.45 a.m. The 9.45 a.m. celebration : will be plain and without'sermon. At I the 11 a.m. and 7.30 p.m. services tho | Very Rev Dr. Crotty, Dean of New castle, will be the preacher, and there will be a procession at each of theso I services. Tho State and Municipal I Orchestra will assist at each of these | services. The Archbishop of Brisbane. Dr. Sharp, will be present at St. John's Cathedral to-morrow, both • morning and evening, for the festival services. On Tuesday, at 3 p.m., will hold a service of conflrma- I tlon at St. Margaret's School, Albion, | and on Wednesday at 8 p.m., he will hold a service of confirmation ; at Cleveland. On Thursday at 3 p.m. he will attend a meeting of the Dio cesan Council. On Friday he attends a meeting of the University Senate, at 4 o'clock and gives confirmation at j Holy Trinity, Valley, at 8 p.m. On Saturday he goes to Tonwoomba and spends Sunday at St. Luke's Church. The Very Rev. de Witt Batty. M.A.. Dean of Brisbane, has recently re ceived a cable from tbe Bishop of | Egypt and tho Sudan, Dr. Gwynne, of ferlng him tho poBt of Archdeacon of Egvpt. with charge of the new Cathe dral at Cairo, which ir, to bo begun early next year, as a war memorial, and on which it is estimated that £200.000 will bo spent. After careful consideration Dean Batty has declined the offer. There were splendid attendances at tbe early morning colobtartons in St. Thomas' Church, Toowong, on Sunday last, to mnrlc the festival of the church. At the Family Eucharist at 9.30 a.m., the Bishop elect of Rock hampton, the Rev. F. L. Ash, B.A., told the story of the quest for tho Holy I Grail, from tho legend of King Ar- | thur, and the round table. Ho pointed out that sin alone rtoort between the Rpekers and their quest, even as sin nlone stood between men and Christ j today. A meeting of the hoard of nomina tors took place at Church House on j Thursday for the purpose of nomina ting a successor to the Rev. F. L. Ash. B.A., who has been elected Bishop : of Rockhampton. The nominators from j the parish of Warwick, Messrs. W. B. Blnrte. T3. H. King, and ,T. D. Rowland. | sat. with the diocesnn nominators, Mr. J. Allan, Archdeacon Glover, and I Canon Garland, with Archblshon j Sharp in tho clmlr. It Is understood thnt nn offer has been made, and the result will he announced later. The Rev. F. E. N. Eldershaw, preach ing at. All Saints' Church. Wickham- | terrace, last Sunday, made reference to the controversy which has.arisen from the statements of the Bishop of | Birmingham, Dr. Barnes. Mr. Elder slmw spoke of ft as an echo, reaching i Australia which, like other distant echoes, is somewhat confused, and j ndvlscd the suspension of judgment' until thosn Interested were in posses- | sion of all tho facts. In view, how ever. of tho inquiries made about the protest in St. Paul's Cathedral he I considered It well that something phou'd be sntd. In tho first nlace two j thing? should be made absolutely din tinc,s: (i) Tho Bishop's tencbincr about, cvoiufton, a subject upon which as a I trained and distinguished scientist, he was veil qualified to speak; (21 Tho same Bishop's teaching on tho Sacra mentH, a subject which, in tho '.-reach pr's opinion, the Bishop might well have left nloni owing to his lnclc of theological knowledge and training Canon Bullock Webster had made a protest, which had nothing to do with the bishop's teaching of evolution, but referred to his teachings of Sacra ments and other theological matters Canon Bullock WebRter was a pries* of age and experience, who bad done | a gi-fat work for the Church, and who . certainly would not have token such ^ a serioufl etep without careful con sideration, The Archbishop of Canterbury had entered a strong reproof of Dr. Barnes' statements so far as thev hnd gi^en offence to Church people. Mr. i Elderslmw said thnt. tbe Bishop's i scientific soul was stirred on tho | theory of evolution and iby no means Unjustly because of recent displays ?f lenornnce in tho darker parts of the United States. Tho theory of evolu- | Hon was purely a matter of physical science, and had really no dh'oct hear Ing on the ChriPtlan faith.. It was Dr. I Darnes' scientific eminence combined f with his curious and unfortunate gift of crude expression which hnd given | undue prominence to his utterances on the subject. Mr. Eldorshaw ex- I pressed the view that there was no I need for wony over tho incident. Thn I Church hod suffered and survived far worse things. CHRISTIAN SCIENCE LECTURES. Three free lectures on Christian Science are announced by Firs! Church of Christ, Scientist, Brisbane, to be delivered early in November, by John M. Tutt, C.S.13., of Kansas City. Missouri,-a member of the Board of Lectureship of the First Church of Christ, Scientist. In Boston. One of these lectures will be held at mid day to enable business people to at tend. PRESBYTERIAN NEWS. A meeting of the executive of the Church Extension Committee was held In the church offices, Ann-street, on October 25, when consideration wits given to tho necessity of estab lishing Sunduy schools, at nn early date In several of the newly settled suburban areas. A meeting of tho full committee is being called to moot In the Ann-street Church, on November 14\. to receive the report and recom mendations of the executive. The Rev. Norman S. Millar, B.A.. has announced that he purposes giv ing a series of special addresses dur ing November to tho evening congre gations at Saint Andrew's, Creek stroot. The subjects to be dealt with rtro: "Christianity and Evolution," "Christianity and Cremation," "Chris tianity and Freemasonry," and "Chris tianity and tho Sacraments." ft is an ticipated that these addresses, dealing wlfli metiers of both topleu) and per manent Interest, will have an appeal to a wldo range of hearers. Tho Presbyterian Men's League baa elected Its first, regular office bearers. Sir David Hardlo and Mr. R. E. Shanks have accepted office as pre sident and secretary, respectively. Tho. services In Park Presbyterian Church last Sunday were conducted by the Rev. J. p. Challnor. In the.morn ing his subject was " Privilege—No Guarantee of Moral Security." Tire choir rendered the anthem, " O, Come I.et Us Worship," and Mr. Sinclair Low sang a solo. The evening ad dress was a book sermon. " God and the Grocoryman," and proved very In teresting. Rev. R. Millar and Mrs. Millar left on October 25 for Coolaugntta, where part of Mr. Millar's annual holiday will bo spent. Last Sunday the ser vices in tho Fortitude Valley Presby terian Church were conducted by Rev. Mervyn Henderson, M.A. (principal of Emmanuel College). On Sunday next, Sir. J. B. Henderson will take tho morning service, and the Rev. W, S. Laurie the evening service. JOYIUL NEWS MISSION. Services in connection wutt the Joy ful News Mission will bo held to-mor row in tho Joyful News Mission Hall, Brunswick-street, at 11 a.m. and 7.30 p.m. The ovenlng service will bo a memorial to tho late Mr. J. H. Car mlchael. Preacher, Rev. I. Brandon (mission superintendent). THEOSOPHICAL LECTURE. At the Tlieosophical Society's Hall, Bcsant House, Wlckham-teiiace, the speaker to-morrow night .will lie Mr. , Geo. W. Morris, who will deal with j two fundamental questions lliat are > prominent in tho minds of thinkers to- day, .the doctrine of truusubstantla tion anil the law of variation in evolu tion, explaining them theosopUieally. Music )vlll be provided. BAPTIST TOPICS. The Rev. C. J. W. Moon has for warded a glowing report of -lie first baptismal servico In connection with tho Baptist work at . Southport. A largo company ot people assembled on the beach. Soveral motor cars pulled, up in tho vicinity, whilst from tho ierandas of boardlng-liousos mauy interested spectators watched tho administration of tho ordinance of Immersion in the open sea. Many afterwards wore eager to securo litera ture on the subject, and In tho evening a splendid congregation assembled ot tho School of Arts to hear Mr. Moon's address on "Why I Becnnie a Baptist Minister." Many expressed apprecia tion of the beautiful, dlgniiied, and rovorent nature of the immersion sor number ot churches have found necessary to make Novemncr 0 dr date for receiving tho Home ssion Sunday offering. The Home sslon superintendent will, therefore, ring tho coming week undertako a 1 round ot engagements In rannoc wlth the appeal, using tho H.M.S. Brigade," at. Gymple on , ndny, meeting the Maleny commit on Tuesday, visiting the City jornacle, Brisbane, on Wednesday, Ibar on Thursday, and Boonah on day, to further dent with the Il.M.S. Brigade." On Saturday mlug lie expects to bo present at appreciative ten to lay preachers, be tendered at Dnnellan. To-raor : fSunday) evening Mr. Hewlson i be nt Nundali, thus enabling the v. A. G. Wellev, O.B.E., to take the vice at Sanyo. In the morning Ta ga will bo cisited in llie interests Ibo Home Mission. Young people's nnlsntlons hnve the honor tills year lending the way in the response to Home Mission Sunday, appeal. 3 Clt.v Tabernacle S.G.M.U. gift has in followed by the Windsor-road lor and Intermediate C.E.. and also Sunday School, forwarding sub- 1 Mini offprings. A visit pntd h.v MrB. Hewlson to Windsor-road last Sun proved very stimulating. A num of churches and schools affected Hie inclement weather of last Sun are arranging for u further dis mien of their H.M. literature to- | row (Sunday). he president of the Baptist Union | (Mr. W. D. Grimes) presided over the monthly meeting of the council last Tuesday evening. The creden tials of the Rev. Parry Jones, the min Ister-elect of the Townsvlllo Church, wero received from the New South Wales Union, and Ills name author ised to be added to the list of minis ters licensed for marriage purposes. Unavoidable. delay had prevented him from reaching Townsvlllo on the date originally planned. Advlco was received from Mr. L. Hollywood of his huving been appointed secretaiy to the Snndgato Church, and notify ing the resignation of the pastor, Rev. T. E. Ashworlh, at tho same time expressing the hope that seme assist ance might be afforded him from tho aged and .infirm ministers' fund. This matter had already been taken in hand by the executive, and the re commendation submitted by them wan unanimously adopted. The meeting of the evangelistic committee was presided over by tho Rev. T. M'Coll. Rev. C. Cronau re ported an application from Whmuran for an evangelistic campaign had been received. Initial steps were taken towards giving it favorablo con sideration. It was decided .that the members of tho committee act as ad vance agents to enlist tho sympathies and prayerful support of tho Churches, secure tho use. of motor cars and tho service of singers fori special activities, and report concern ing the samo at the next meeting. DANISH CHURCH. A large gathering of Scandinavians, together with their Australian friends,; assembled on Wednesday night in tho tastefully decorated rooms of tho Danish Church in George-street tho occasion of the forty-seventh an niversary of tho Danish Luthern Church in Brisbane. When speaking on tho annual report the Rev. P. C. Ligaavd stated that the last year had been a very progressive and success ful one as far as the various branches of the church work was concerned. The rather strenuous time which Queensland had gouo through lately was, however, reflected on (lid finan cial balance-sheet, and ho regretted that the work hero In Quoensland still had'to rely to a large extent upon-the support from tho mother church in Denmark. Apart from tho • purely spiritual work, the Church had en gaged in several social activities, and aliors nnd immigrants from tho Scan dinavian countries always found a helping hand stretched out to wel come them on arrival in Queensland. Taking Into consideration that the ac tivity of the Church had been exten ded to various centres outside Bris bane, Rev. Mr. Liganrd called for sup port from all Scandinavians 'n Queens land and other well-wlshors. At the banquet tho Vlcc-ConBUl for Denmark, Lieutenant-Colonel V. Lar* sen, was among the speakers, who ex pressed their appreciation of tho un tiring and unselfish efforts of both Rev. and Mrs. Llgaard to meet the spiritual and material needs of their countrymen In this part of tho world. 