[?] THE MACHINERY OF GOVERN MENT. The .brand-new knight, Senator George Pearce, stated that it would take a long time to shift, the intri cate machinery of government from Melbourne to Canberra." Why is this? TTns the machinery been declared black. by the Nut-sc'rewers' Union, qr is it that flimsy that it must be handled tenderly? We are of the firm opinion that the' latter is the case. We are, convinced that the machinery is worn out, as for a long time its moving parts have been clogged by masses of red tape. We humbly suggest that the old machinery, perhaps even the political machine it self, should be discarded, and that a brand-new and efficient plant should be installed ' at Canberra. Anyway, the; matter- of expense cannot be used as an argument against bur scheme, as we have- received word- that the .Ford motor factory is being hampered by a dearth of scrap-iron. They will buy the Melbourne machine. IT WAS LUCKY EVE 'AD 'EM. Eva Novak, on her recent trip from Australia to America, s placed her entire wardrobe at the disposal of two pas sengers whose luggage didn't turn up.-r— News Item. We should like to know: (1) Whether 'the two passengers caught cold. (2) How did Miss Novak set along herself ? (3) Was she known during the trip as Eva or Eve? , .. -STRAINED INTERNATIONA SITUATION. A lascar seaman was charged this morning with being, a prohibited immi grant. He was given the dictation test prescribed by the Immigration Act, and- failed to pass it. The language was Dutch— News Item. We may expect the following:— Stanley Melbourne Bruce, no occu pation, was charged with being a pro hibited immigrant. He was given a dictation test, in which he failed. The language was Welsh. Bruce appealed to the High Court, which declared that he could not be deported without a further test. Bruce .was then given tests in Danish, Finnish, Yiddish, Rad ish, and Czecho-Slovakian. He failed in each, and will he deported on the Riverina. WE ARE FLATS. "We are' all flats," said the melan choly y<jung man. "We live in them, meet them, take them down. Girls have flat chests, cars have flat tyres, and, worst of all, the hotels have flat beer. What can a man do in this era of flat things but lay himself flat out to have a good time? HAVE YOU EVER: MET? A golfer \T.ho had never holed out in -one. .. . A punter who has never yet missed having- had a good win. . A cricketer who has been out every time the umpire said he was. A critic of any kind who did not think himself witty. A politician who has the interests of his constituents at heart. \- Drop a line along if you have. We would also like to meet them. THE LAST LAUGH. The old adage, proverb, or whatever it is,, "He who laughs last laughs best," should never be tried In a theatre. It makes you too conspicuous. DON'T FORGET. There are always two sides to every question. Never forget, to hear both sides: before passing judgment, unless, of course, a. woman happens -to be | arguing one ide. In such a case re - I frain from interference. A womalj never admits defeat. TICKLISH! When you are held up at the point of a revolver on the way home with the week's wages, or you find a bur-i glar under the bed when you get home,1 you are said to be in a very ticklish: position. Why is it that so few people . in this position double up with laugh,- . ter? FASHION NOTE. We wanted our fashion note for thifj week, so the manager of one of the big stores was approached. "Why," he wa4) asked, "do women wear chiffon, ninonjf nunon, and all /those sorts- of mater. ials ?" "Well, er — er — I should say that II j was very transparent to most people, v was his reply. DID YOU KNOW? . Last year there were fully two mih r lion yards of looking-glass made. -Mill.'" lions of yards of reflections. JUST AN ODE. There was a young man of grea('; charm, Who went to dine with a girl from"' Brush Farm, Said he, "Oh, my word ! You eatTikfi . a bird." . But he owned: an ostrich fariA. . i A DESPERATE ACT. J . The , story is told of a business mag , who in -desperation married a tele: phone: girk Even after marriage hi- blamed her for giving him the wrong number,' . .He is now the father of s- i couple of sets of twins. ' THE CHESS MATCH. The chess match, Australian v.-Eng-s lish Politicians (via beam), excited a- ' great deal of interest. As chess en thusiasts we must commend I-I.R.H. tha Duke of York on his opening move, P to K4. This move was sufficiently ; dashing for a young man of the Diike'a, temperament, but it showed that con servatism that one expects in a prince . of the blood. : 1 , THE HOUSE MOVING.. WHY ALL THE FUSS?. We notice in the press constant re Terences to moving- the House to Can berra; Why all- the . howl, anyhow?- When Uncle Zedekiah moved from Zetland to Waterloo last night he never made a fuss about it. He just un screwed all the loose . brass flttingSt loaded them into a billycart, together with the bath-heater, The cistern; and the front door mat — (the T.P. people had taken the furniture) — and dumped them Into his new . abode. No 'press notices for him — though he did have 3 notice from the agent. As it was, hg' had to leave the kitchen sink and thq wash-house copper, which he had hig eye on. The only interest the event has .excited so far is that of ' the- land lord. v HELP! HELP!! That good - Australian pianist, Mr, v Percy Grainger, .has excited our great est admiration in his orchestrations ol simple melodies. His: knowledge of queer instruments is tremendous. Did we not know him better we would sus pect him of seeking theatrical effects.: Now, Mr Percy Grainger, we want an orchestration of "Humpty Dumpty.'' We have parts for- the tin whistle, oboe, sousa-phone, side-drum, kettle drum, bass- drum, and. bassoon. Will v you score the parts for the; jew's harp, niouth organ, comb, Chinese violin, tom-tom, musical chairs, and the lutt for us? , v 