Interstate News SYDNEY, Friday. Mr. Davison, M.L.A?, told the Labour Council last night that tbe defeat of the Labour Party was due to tht hostile A. W. U. propaganda, ' Red Bogey,' and Child Endown ment Act. A Chinese vegetable dealer, Hing Chow, who is on re mand charged with having harboured a prohibited immi grant, was found dead in his hut at Mascot last night. There are no suspicious cir cumstances; and it is believed that death was due. to natural causes. The House of Represen tatives passed the second reading of the Housing Bill without division. There was a sensational occurrence in the premises of the Tyre Repairing Company Ltd. Darlinghurst, at a late hour last night, when the jolice arrested a man at the point of the revolver, and recovered the' proceeds of an alleged robbery in a house at Centennial Park last Satur day. It is definitely decided that the N.S.W. State Parliament will meet on 3rd. November. MELBOURNE, Friday. Peter Rasmussen, 44, a Danish miner, who was char ged at the Melbourne Cri minal Court with the murder of Gordon Jenner, w«s -ac- quitted. Accused declared that deceased had been inter fering with his wife. Margaret Nicholls, aged 2 % years, was burned to death in a fire, which partially des troyed her mother's home In SnrrvHills, near Melbourne, last night. The charred body of the child was found beneath a cot where she had crawled to escape the flames. ADELAIDE, Friday. John Charles Stewart, the prisoner who was undergoing a life sentence for murder, and who escaped from the Yalala Labour Prison, ? South s Aus traliai'is still at' large.'-. FREMANTLE W.A., Friday . Fifty four Chinese, : who were about to be smuggled into Australia have fTjeen found secreted in a large ballast lanrdn ~ board the Dutch steamer Almkerk which arrived at Frenmntle yesteiday. * y .. It is stated that sjpminber were4ead or dying, and others unconscious. The Customs officials were linaDie vo .effect a rescue- uutil_ they donned gas masks, owing to the: foul odors which emauated from the tank, ? 