' NO RURAL LIFE IN I 50 YEARS I Economist Develops Migration Theotvl in Winning Thesis I HARBISON-1 IIGIN'ROIH AM PR1ZE AWap1 Only b,j a complete reomol 0, , I Pf ey—ip cncowrflgyig an. increased operation 0j I Italians, Jugo-Slaoi, Balkancsc, and other Alb ' I peoples— can Australia prevent the complete debleZ I of her rural population. " I Tlmt In tho main thoiuo. of a thosl.s on "Tho lntlnonoo or Non- Hrltish PcoijlcH on Australia's Po|ttt- lation ami Dovoloi>mont," by -Mr J S Hyng. of tho Cotnmonwonli h Sfn- tiHtirlan'.H olUco. who has just boon n wardcu l lio £100 Harbison H 1 p In bothani R o « c a. r c h S c h o u r »hip hy the At o I li o u r n o University. as tho best ori liinai wdrk on o c o n.oDilca sociology or K o vernmcnl, P r o ducod in Australia Inst year. If I ho. Dvr- centapo of primary pro- ilocors In At.a traliu contlmtos to dccltno at tho St'imc nvoriiRc rata ns between 1871 there will bO 'nonD .left hi Of tho five per cent, of Alpine stuck in Australia 'moro.thuu 80 per com. have rcmnlnnd on, (ho land! While less than f»« per coht. of the. otlior slocks— Nordic find Mcdl« or ranoan— have stayed there. Only by material increaso of Al pine migration can lite Uungor before Australia be avoided. DANISH OFFICER , Mr Lyn«» whu was a Danish mill- tnry otlicer, has lived 3a years. In Australia, and has a dlstlnKtilshed' re cord as ofhclal " Ungulst". wltl'i'Tlio A.l.R, elaborated his thesis Is 'ftp ' hi- tcrvicw today. Tho basis of "hlfl thesis. Ho safd, was that Alpine. stock, alone could estab lish a rural tradition and a stablo rural population, "The Al dncs," he said, "."are fru gal. hard-working plodders, who pos sess that intense love of -tho land' which makes them cling to It genera tion after generation. His theory of tlie value of 'Alpine stock Is based not only on general racial chnraelerlMtlcs, as. well as experi ence In Denmark, the great agricul-: turn! country of Europe.' but op Aus tralian figures. ; ; - The 1921 census >hb\vcdsthat 83 per cent.' of the Lutherans (mainly- Alpine Gcrmuns) were on. the land. % while only 4 per cent, of tho Presbyterians (mainly Scots and- Nordic) and 37 per cent, of the Anglicans and Methodists (mainly English and Nordlchand 3«. per cent. oC . the Roman - Catholics (mainly Irjsh-und Nordic) were on tho land. ' . ' , _? RURAL DEPOPULATION ; Dealing . with the danger of rural 'depopulation' hd said thki dJ'Hce 1921 people In' Victoria had left the land for the city In at tho rate of 800.0. a year. . At tho .sanic Jlmothe a\;eiS age size of holdings' Jn Australia liad Increased from 553 acres jir 1911 to GC6 acres In 1924. Only the large scale producer was most likely to suc ceed. '' Bui while mass production through substitution of machinery Tor men on the land could develop" Open "country. much of Australia t-niiu ... . . H .vclopcd oxcopt by ennli i i6 s-sai „ha t',' I wcro relieved, tl „c I be only the choic, l.e.,v«n lii„! .nch district. K„ ,ctt to „ ne«. or oncourcu,,,,, „ . tier to whom toil wns n plea/"' I nnd who wna content with a low,, tnndnrd of livi„B ,hn„ the No, dice were. H At tbo'snmo. time the Nomiw H Bosnotl vlrtuon snt-plomo, ,!&»; tlu- Alplnt-H, Thev In'ui Inlthi !„ ,olH jieorjni; Inntlnct, In the country to nrovltlo « , tlow of frcRli blood to' tho Cltit'/'B 80 PER- CENT. N 0111)10 I eont.ClAiL..CI.eiUU'rn,''Pan w| SponklnB of tho Innuotico nf n.l tlu-o.o atoolta .of Aitslrnllim charan., Mtcn. -Mr Lyntt la u!!,t thnZ ;l t doftolonci : tn ttisclpllno nilehl t.H traecnblo to ,jho Inflncnco.ot th, ; ..Mediterranean, w|,o m M leas amenable to discipline tl.au | Nordics and Alpines. H Tlie Nol-dlc race, so strongly rcnrt.l Rented. In Austral- had nlwTrya b« M fond, of sport, nnd enthuslasllo ni.l mlrers of athletic prowess, Nowhere, he said, ..did racial nutiwl exist, though the Intcr-mhtureH vnrled greatly. Each of tho thrt9| fltrnlns hnd aomcthliig to give dlffc- 1 <?nt from .that of the o'tlu-rs,' thobmH results could lio obtained by a'itui I clou? blending. : , J From- the city-bred, of three I generations, he .aid, .prong all .- that . waa., artificial, corrupt, .bate, I ; mentally impovcriahed, and lent I oh. . commiHing rnce autcide, while, from those of more or leu I 1 freah country origin, sprang tic I , , .lenders -.in thought, education, ait I ,,ahd industry. Of tlif nritish. who were mainly I Nordic, said .Mr Lyng.. probably ItuB than :2f> per cent, stayed en the Ismll lh- Australia Among the Drltlrh mil it large sprinkling of Mnlltorrannul stock, -whlrh . never took to- the i.unl.l ns well as n grent proportion of clly-l . bred nnjl nrtlsans who Inevitably gra- 1 vlfn led ,tg the cities. ..'sources of migiiants i Dealing with the likely .sources >(l Alpine migrants. Mr I.yng said thn II might 'he'. assumed that tho Scan.H dlhavlnns and Dutch were SO pcrctnsH 'Ndt- dlc and 20 per cent. Alpine; ihH .Gormnris. A'ustrlnns. Swiss ilnd Btt-H B,ln'n'»i ''30' per' 'ciint. Nordic and ill .per cent,'.. Alpine: the Italians ahll Greek's GO' per cent. Alplno and SlB per cent. Mediterranean: the French, H 25' per cent, Nordic. 50 per cent. Al-fl pine and 20 per cent. .Mediterranean: tho Spanish Portuguese. Maltese anil .lews. 100 per cunt. Mediterranean;® and the remainder of Europeans Al-fl pines .Mr J. S. Lyng 