QUEENSLAND NOTES. iVltOM OUIl SPECIAL COnitESl'ONlJBXT.1 The Metropolitan Water and Sewerage Board and' thy Brisbane City Council arc -'sitting on the doorstep of the money hiarket. The lirst, mentioned ' . needs £1,090,000, and the City Council :ahout an equal amount. For some months they have been 'financed by the Common wealth Bank pending loan arrangements, but the markets,, both in London and New York, seem to lie looking for Go vernment guarantees. At any rate, the late city lo'r.ti of £1,500,000 in New York hiid to be guaranteed, and the. Water and Sewerage Board has asked for like favor. Air. McCormack puts it that Queensland, ub a member of the Loan Council, ennnot now give sueli guarantees, as they make undesirable competition on the market. It has been suggested that both bodies should cut their programmes and expenditure down by half and await, better limes. In a Parliamentary state ment Mr. MeCoi'maek said that last year the Queensland Government guaranteed loans to the extent of £'2,271,000 for local authorities, and lent them as well .6493,000. muking in all £2,704,000. Now local authorities are borrowing from hanks and insuranco companies at 0 per .cent., hut paying interest only on the money ns drawn. It is recognised that local authority borrowing must bo rigidly controlled. Railway unions in Queensland cry "Give!" It matters not thntn the past twelve years the service shows an 1 accu mulated- loss of £10,000,000, or that last year the loss was about- £2,000,000. -Lately application was made to the Bourd of Trade and Arbitration Court for a varia tion of the award, with ninny concessions and an increase in the basic wage. One point was an attempt to get certain intcr- union preferences, the idea being to con solidate. The salients of- the application were turned down, and the board sug gested that the Commissioner and the unions should confer with the view to extension: of the system of piece work, which has been in operation at Somo of .the Ipswich workshops.- The union lead ers, -not the man so cilguged, have been striving to cut out this piece woitk. One claim was for higher pay for men in the boiler-making department, because of the noise! A suggestion was made in Par liament that ' when the board inspected the' -workshops the boiler piukors "screened" a "clang and clash of steel" reminiscent- of a Chinese opera, but it didn't work. The Board of Trade niu) Arbitration is - beginning to recognise that the economic limit lias been reached in the Government' service as well as iii in dustries." . The Labor Caucus probably will not agree to the extensions of the larger pas toral lenses as recommended by the Land (Settlement Advisory Board, nor to any extensive recasting of the arrangements for subdivision of the. leases expiring in 1927 'aiid -192S. Those leases,: which have- ex pired, have been tentatively extended,- and there is a hope that tlie lath holders may Ket t he one-third of them .as proposed by tho board. Nearly all the holdings cxpir- ing in 1927 have, been subdivided, and also some of those falling iu next year. To date 04 holdings have been dealt with aB follows: — 98 'blocks, of '32,000 acres, and under; 335 blocks, from ' 12,1)00 to 20,000 acres; 63 blocks, from 20,000 to 30,000 acres; 21. blocks, between 30,000 and 40,000 acres, and four blocks, each more than 40,000 acres. Eight pastoral holdings of the 1968 determination have seen preparatory work; The adoption of the Land Settle- Tticnt Advisory. Board's recommendations /syould ' mean a recasting of .the siihdivi- ,' sip.ns"apd delay in offering blocks for selec tion', but the Government docs not appear to hasten a change. Perhaps there wjll -lie procrastination until tlie "drought jffllcss and then a. erj"' that 'rbljef is not wanted", " . . ,l Another movement has been'-'imtiafod to utilise the waters of- the -Barron - River lor industrial -purposes. Hitherto,, tlie Go vernment lias not favored private' enter prise' for the undertaking, but conditions have been very much changed by liarsh ex perience. Mr. R. H. W. Moleswortii, managing director of the California Creek Tin Co. Ltd., has lodged an application at Cairns for certain water lights, including the construction of a dam on the Barron River about 10 chains above the fulls, and to: use' the power obtained for the concen tration and treatment of mined ores. The suggestion is that if a lease is: granted some £2,000,000 might be made available by British investors, and it is rumored that Professor Irvine, of Sydney, is interested in the project. ' Mr. Moleswortii is de scribed as an -Australian educated' in Eng land, and 'a nephew of the late Sir Gilbert. Moleswortii, of New South Wales. It would seem not improbable thnt if a scheme sufficiently developed and promis ing success is piit before the Government, it will be accepted, . jHitllerio schemes for harnes'sipgVfh'e, Barron .have been vcr.v iplich iii tlie clouds,: The Registrar-General, Mr. George Por- ter, E.S.S., London, in a return furnished to the Commission on Child Endowment, puts the sheep losses for 192G, principally through drought, at 5,335,207, and the 'net loss .at £ J, 753, 389. He takes into account the Jambs surviving- anil included at 1,806,882. In addition, he says, there was the loss of potential increase, \ for only 11 per cent, of the sheep in tho State at ,31st December were under one year of age. The drought lossos lie puts ' at 32 per cent, of tho total sheep, and he adds that 1927, as far as could he . judged, is likely to show equal suffering, while it was. "quite possible that the lambing would show ' even poorer results." The decreased earning of the weak sheep surviving was also a factor, and it was mentioned 'that "many owners spent more than tlie value of tlie sheep in endeavor ing! -to keep them alive." Thus it would seem that the drought losses ill, shccj i alone is not likely to be under £7,000,000 or '£8,000,000, and still there is no indi cation that Queensland will face the pro- iblem of preventing losses by what are admitted to bo the more intelligent me thods railway linkings and fodder con servation. Queensland expects some good . immi grants . from Denmark. Already a -few have arrived to investigate, but they may Jind the task simplified by interviews with Danes who hove been here for many years, and have been very successful. Scarcely any newcomers from Northern Europe arc more welcome. They do not form groups, but soon become Australian, and with tlie people of British blood in- termarry, and the blend is regarded as quite natural. A Danish writer recently put it that two young moil had arrived from lils country with a capital of £2000 between them, but could not take up land until naturalised, and that would Like five years. Officially it has been replied that any approved immigrant may select land, but on condition that within five years he becomes naturalised, and that is a -very differeut story. Action lias been taken to make the point clear. Another point, raised is that x State land offered for selection is on the basis of leasehold, but privately fiecholds are easily obtain able on easy terms, and the acquisition is allowed if the intending purchaser can pass a dictation test and become natural ised, Hie object is to keep out undesir ables, and is aimed chiefly at Asiatics. The action of the Commonwealth Government in notifying a refusal to permit, exports of native boar skins after 16th November lias caused a rush by those who, iu season and out of Benson, have been collecting, to get skins snipped. On a recent day 300 bales vulued at £100,000, wcro shipped for New Y ork furriers. ' The Queensland Govern ment has not protested against' the em bargo, indeed, it is' probable .that. -Minis- tern privately welcome it, a, jL vi,, liovc them from having to rcfuao salt ot their trintuls an open reason f01c slaughter of tlie koala. Our hush nffi. I ials hope that there will 1' C"1' up of the little miimnls in fom, hut say that in many places they |T' been absolutely wiped out, old and vl? alike. m% Raihvny construction is t0 b0 cr„, . this your. The Minister set dory,, a total estimated loan expenditure fn i department at £1,818,000, reihi-pl " £557,400 on the previous VOill. 0 £474,000 is for re-laying «n,l develoiJ,! works at railway depots. No new are proposed, but for. those in allocations are made as follow Isa line, £l«l,0fi0; . Longrea' tf ''' Winton, £120,000; Many l'erts to y ! Burnett, £80,000; Mimduhbera to jS Burnett, £55,000; total, £405,000 h, rolling stock £520,000 is set down i addition to the construction month -! there is that of the South Brisbane- Kyogle line, which is being carried o-i under a Commonwealth Railway Coum Progress on this lino on the OucenTi side of the border is satisfactory r New South Wales there have boendehn and for n. couple of years, it would there will bo a vast amount of wort!' the cost of which interest l,a8 j,'.?; paid, -which can give no return 