[?] ^ ANNIVERSARY, JWNE. Ob, could you speak to me from where you have your being! . What should I hear to moke me glad again? How poor a thing our early power of seeing 1 - Nor love extends it, prayer, nor keenest pain! . Could you but send some message sweetly cheering To tune my soul to themes you still hold dear, ' I should movo on and upward, without fearing , That severance there completes the severance here! 0 love, my love, I miss your smiling greeting, The tender words that only you could say; The loving touch that set my pulses beating, The arm whose strength gave courage on life's way. Ah, love, my love I To know that you are walking 'Mid daisied meads, with angol retinue; To hear, but once, the sound of joyous talking With souls as true as mine that loveth you! Shall not my yearning reach afar, and bring you Close to my side — so close, you kiss my cheek, 1 should not then begrudge the song kind angols sing you, Nor crave, with sobs, to hear yon softly speak! MARION MILLER KNOWLES. East Malvern, Victoria. ? . » ? » A Troubled Border, THE HEART OF MTJNSTER. 'The Book of the Galtees and the Golden Vein: A Border History of Tipperary, Limerick and ' Cork.' By Paul J. Flynn, Dublin: Hodges, ?Figgis. ^ In this clearly and attractively written contribution to Irish history, Mr. Flynn un folds the story of the heart of MunBter, Galtees and the Golden Vein — one of the most beautiful, romantic and historic parts of Ireland-^-from the dawn of history to the Cromwellian conquest and confiscations, He has drawn on all the available Irish au thorities, including three histories written abroad by sons of Geraldine, captains in the Desmond rebellions. 'By collating, he writes, all these with English histories, some idea- of the truth may be arrived at, but . the two sets of authorities conflict so much that it is necessary to invoke the aid of the English State Papers.' These latter he has studied closely and quoted copiously. The result is a work of exceptional interest and value. The Irish tribal system, whatever its merits, iitever did and never could lead up to national unity, for the tribes were never willing to recognise any exterior authority. ^ The causes are obvious enough. (1) Celtic . Ireland, unfortunately, never came under the powerful centralising influences which Koman dominion impressed on the Celts of Graul and Britain. The Roman fortress towns and the Roman military roads — both of which survived Saxon, Danish and Prankish invasions — were unknown in Ire land. The Irish coast towns were of Dan ish origin; the inland towns the creation of Anglo-Normans. (2) Celtic Ireland is justly proud of having spread the Christian faith over Scotland, Northern England, and much of Europe, even before Augustine came from Rome, and established Canterbury as the na tional See. (3) Celtic Ireland never came under the influence of feudalism, which es tablished over mediaeval Europe and Eng land a firm political and social system, em bracing all classes from the King to the churl or villein, and carefully defined thoir respective interests in the soil. Moreover, feudalism established the principle of pri mogenltare, which if generally accepted in Ireland would have been a powerful check on the ever-recurring disputed successions that so often laid waste the land. The mark ed individualism of the Irish Celt, his im patience of discipline, are largely due to his escape from feudalism. (4) Feudalism developed a well- ordered military system based on the tenure of land. The Irish tri bal levy,''Coin and Livery, were no match for the feudal services and the- feudal ar ray with , its panoply of mailed knights, squires and men-at-arms; while the battle axe and javelin of the gallowglass and kern were no match for the English cross-bow and loug-bow, before which even the chivalry of France went down at Crecy and Agincourt. (5) The Danish invasions transformed Eng land from a warring heptarchy into a kingdom united under Al fred of Essex. When Brian, King of Munster, 150 years later, drove the Danes into the sea at Clontarf he became for a time High King of all Ireland. But his authority was very shadowy; and his * descendants 'fought over the succession for generations till general anarchy and lack of national spirit attracted Strongbow and the Norman adventurers. The Ormonds and Desmonds. The Anglo-Norman invaders found little difficulty in establishing themselves not only . Li the Pale, but in the rich plains of Mun ster and the fertile valleys of the Suir and Blackwater, as described in this book. The invaders gradually fell into two classes; those of the Pale and eastern counties, who maintained English traditions and con nections and looked to the English King and his deputy in Dublin; and those who carved out semi-indepenflent fiefs in the south and west, allying th'emselvcs with the gieat Irish chiefs, O'Briens, O'Sullivans, O'Mahonys, McCarthys, and gradually adopting the Celtic speech, dress and cus toms in defiance of all prohibitions and pen alties. The Butlers of Ormond and the Fitzgcralds of Desmond (created earls in 1328 and 1329) were the leaders of the two opposing types- in Southern Ireland. The main theme of Mr. Flynn 's history is .the age-long struggle between them, which arose out of certain disputed lands in the Golden Vein and culminated in the three Desmond rebellions of Elizabeth's reign, in which most of the Celtic tribes sided with Desmond's fortunes, and went down 'with .him in 1601. The close relationship of the 16th century Ormonds and Desmonds makes the struggle more tragic. In the third Des mond rebellion of 1598-1607 his nephew James, the 'sugan' (sham) Earl, combined nearly all the Desmond partisans, many An glo-Irish barons, including Ormond 's bro thers and clans like the O'Dwyers that had usually been on Ormond's side, into a na tional resistance. A Spanish force of 3000 men took possession of KinBale when it was beleagured by an English army, 7000 strong, under Mountjoy and Carew. O'Neill and O'Donnell brought down their Ulster men to help in raising the siege. The attack failed owing partly to the leaders' jeal ousies; the Spanish garrison surrendered; the Ulster earls fled to Spain; English supre macy was established. Carew was able to write in 1603 his 'Paeata Hibernia,' while Shakespeare (in the Chorus to 'Henry V ') foreshadowed Mountjoy 's triumphant return, 'Bringing rebellion broached on his sword.' In the Days of Cromwell. There was one more national uprising — the Great Rebellion of 1641-1653 — a confus ed movement which the author will perhaps unravel in another volume — partly a strug gle of King versus Parliament, partly a general rising of the clans. The main stand against Cromwell in this tract centred round Clonmel, defended by Hugh O'Neill, with an Ulster contingent and Edmund O'Dwyer, a local chief, holding the King's commis sion as ,colonel. Cromwell's veterans and heavy ordnance won the day. The Golden Vein was now CromwelPs. He described it as a 'land worth fighting for;' the tribeB thought it a land worth dying for. Cromwell left Ireton to finish up matters, and return ed to England. Carlyle goes on to say that O'Neill with 45,000 Irish fighting men 'went to .France and Spain, and fought there far off; 'and their own land had peace!'' O'Dwyer continued to harass Cromwell's garrisons till November, 1653, when he obtained a licence to take himself and 3500 of his followers to the service of Conde in France. So began the flight of the 'wild geese' described in Kipling's lines: — Old days! The wild geese are flighting licad to the storm ns they faced it before. For where there are Irish, there's aure to be fighting. And when -there 'e no fighting, it's Ireland no more. Ireland had peace — for a time; but it wao (tribal) 'Ireland no mere*' The ©aptaina and the kings had departed. ? ? o ? Dr. Maginn' s Stories. \- TO BE REPTJBLI8HED. Rev. C. A. Maginn, of Little Strettou Church, Stretton, Shropshire, says that there is a prospect of the re-issue of some of the best of Dr. Wm. Maginn 's short stories, which have been described by Professor Saintsbury as masterpieces. The first of them, 'A Night of Terror,' a tale of the Ger man Black Forest, was published in tho May number of Hutchinson's 'Best Story Magazine;' and 'The Man in tho Bell,' which has been described as a tale worthy of Victor Hugo, and is an account of an inci dent which he says actually occurred in the bolfry of tho old Cathedral of St. Finn barre, Cork, will probably appear in the June number of tho same magazine. There is also a prospect that all Dr. Ma ginn 'a stories, which are chiefly Irish and humorous, but also include some which are' dramatic and serious, will shortly bo reis sued in book form, with introduction and illustrations. Rev. Mr. Maginn is^a nephew of the author. The Pacific audits People. - MELBOURNE PROFESSOR'S BOOK. 'Population Problems of the Pacific.' By Ste phen H. Roberts. Routledge. The Pacific' Ocean is so vast and its cen tres of population are. so scattered that its problems, racial, political arid economic, are difficult to bring within that clarity- of fo cus, so greatly needed in these changing days, when grave issues in world affairs threaten to break there. Mr. S. H. Roberts, of thes Department of History, Melbourne University, has taken i.p tho task, and his book is not only a thorough and clear enunciation of these pro blems, but is also a study as fascinating as it is valuable. In the matter of European contact with the Pacific races there appears from Mr. Roberts 's survey to have been at last established -'some kind of harmony between the native's method of life and Lis changed environment.' And our task as European 'trustees' is now to. give the native new interests and new' rivalries, and c. 'modified indirect rule' to allow him to develop in his own conditions. But there have risen fresh and more per plexing problems. The future task is not how to arrest native depopulation but how to deal with the advancing waves of Asiatic immigration, which have penetrated to the furthest limit of the Pacific Islands. Short- ? age of native labour openod the floodgates of Eastern Asia. First came the Chinese to Samoa and Tahi£j. Followed the Indians to Fiji, where they' now form 38 per cent, of the population; the Japanese and others to Hawaii, where 68 per cent, of the residents are Asiatics; and lastly the Annamites, of. whom 5000 a year are arriving in the French Pacific Islands. Thus the ethnic strata of the Pacific are changing before our eyes, and .the change 'has proceeded too far already to leave the future in doubt.' The na tives are giving way relatively, if not ac tually. Race fusion is increaseing. Hawaii has its 600 'mixed marriages' a year. In cidentally Mr. Roberts regards as 'not pro ven' the charge that race mixture pro duces decadent offspring. Thus is the fate of the changing Pacific bound up with that of the changing Orient. There is a new crop of political. and social find racial and international problems whicli r.ssume a greater importance as world af fairs come more and more to be concentrat ed in the Pacific zone. The general revival ist movements in Asia, such as that in China, reverberate to the islands. The outlook in its details is obscure, but ii is heartening, amid alLthe current chat ter of perils and alarms, to find Mr. Roberts firmly considering the Pacific outlook as one of the problems, not menaces. . * ? ? ? Reprint of a Great Work. BUTLER'S LIVES OF SAINTS. Alban Butler was born in 1710, at Apple tree, in Northampton, and died at St. Omer, in France, in 1773. While still a* boy, he went to the English College at Douai, and was there ordained a priest, having already won a high reputation for diligence and regularity. He remained at the college as professor, first of philosophy, and then of theology, and while there he began what was to be the great work of his life. 'Tho Lives of the Fathers, Martyrs and Other Principal Saints' — a task for which his wide learning, extraordinary industry and perseverance, and his mastery of ancient and modern languages well fitted him. Afterwards the Rev. Alban Butler serv ed on the mission of his native Midlands. Then he acted as chaplain to the Duke of Norfolk, whose heir- presumptive he accom panied as tutor to the French capital. The Presidency of the English College at St. Omer's became vacant, and Butler was ap pointed. He was perhaps more actively em ployed while at St. Omer's than at any other time. While serving aB a priest, al though he was devoted to his books, his time was ever at the disposal of the poor, and of all who had claims on him; and he frequently passed whole nights in prayer. A Labofftoos Study. Ha took car© to etudy everything con nected with the saints, howerer remotely; he -waa skilled in heraldry; aneient and mo dern geography was familiar to him, and he had far advanced beyond the common learning of the schools in philosophy, Bibli cal reading, in positive divinity, in canon law and tho writings of the Fathers. Yet, with all his learning, Alban Butler never lost sight of the fact that he was not mere ly writing history but the history of the saints. His 'Lives' prosent the biographies of more than one thousand six hundred canon ised saints, arranged in the order of their feasts from January to December. It first appeared in 1756-9 in seven octavo volumes, and this was the only issue of the work during the author's lifetime. It has been re-isBued frequently since, and haB been,, translated into French and Italian. The depth and extent of the author's learning are universally recognised to-day, and this work has boen acclaimed by many generations of English-speaking Catholics as a masterpiece of research and sound scholarship. A new edition is now published by Messrs. Virtue and Co., London and Dublin. It is complete in four volumes, 40 full-page plateB in colour, and the books are handsomely bound in Rexine leather. 