BUBAL TOPICS In *11 parts of Victoria tlie rainfall for the year up to. date is Considerably below the average, in most distectaitess'than one-, third. Heavy rains in NewHsoutli Wales and Queensland have levelled up the aver ages in the coastal districts, but in the pastoral and wheat-grojpng^preas dry con ditions have prevailed. A degree of un easiness is felt in these areas, for not only, is the sowing of cereal crops being delayed, I but it is feared that when the dry spell, does break heavy rains are likely to pro vent cropping operations being carried out. I With each week of dry weather the pro spect of winter feed for stock becomes less promising. Mr. A. W. Wilson, general manager of the Gippsland and Northern Go-operative Company has arrived at Winnipeg after an inspection of the Saskatchewan and Al berta wheat pools. Mr. Wilson is en route to Kansas City (U.S.A.) to attend the world wheat pool meeting, to be held there. He expressed admiration of the efficiency of the Canadian wheat co-operative system, and said that he felt that a similar aystem was applicable to Australian conditions. The London manager of the New Zealand Dairy Produce Export Control Board (Mr. Irons) sailed by the Coiintliic. In a state ment, Mr. Irons said:-"I am convinced that the quality of New Zealand produce i« unsurpassed, and that once it surmounts the existing temporary difficulties it will regain the premier position in Britain's mar kets. It will be re-established completely, when traders realise that New Zealand pro ducers have not desired to exploit the con sumers. Already, importers are co-operating wholeheartedly to regain tlie position, for which they are entitled to the thanks of the producers. As long as the trade is assured of a free market it will co-operate will) the board for the benefit of the indus try-" According to returns of the British Board of Trade, imports of frozen and chilled meats into Great Britain last year amounted to 930,035 tons, or an,increase of; 43,382 tons compared with those for 1925. Mutton for the year aggregated 5,005,290 carcases, against 5,380,358 carcases, an in crease of 4.1 per cent.; lamb, 8,280,811 car cases, against 8,790,429 carcases, a decrease of 5.8 per cent.; frozen beef, 1,531,196 quar ters, against 2,187,484 quarters, a decrease of 30 per cent.; and chilled beef, 5,770,290 quarters, against 5,285,900 quarters, an in crease of 9.1 per cent. As stocks of meat in cold store at the end of the year were considerably smaller than at the beginning, and as the quantity re-exported was the smallest for many years, Messrs. W. Wed del aud Co. express the opinion that the consumption of meat in Great Britain in 192C was greater than in any previous year. This was in spite of the unparal leled industrial depression, and it afforded proof of Uie price factor iu the demand for meat. { Wiiile the dairying industry in Canada has made sufficient headway to place the Dominion oil the list of exporters of dairy products a stage lias not yet been reached which establishes Canada as an important factor in the market. Consumption of but ter within the country is heavy, and ac cording to the Information Bureau of the Department of" Immigration and Colonisa tion at Ottawa it is the highest in the world, having been computed at 271b, a head of the population. In the United States the per capita consumption is stated at 171b. While the provinces of Ontario I and Quebec are the largest producers of butter in Canada the output of the three prairie provinces of the western part of the country now totals about one-third of the whole of the Dominion. Most of the but ter exported from Cauada comcs from the western areas, last year the prairie pro vinces providing about 30,000,0001b. Twelve yea re ago Western Canada was importing a large quantity of butter annually. The Nestlc's Company having failed to agree to the price and basis of payment for milk asked for l>y suppliers, 110 milk will be delivered ' to the con densery or its depots until a settle ment is reached. The suppliers de mand payment for butter-fat content of niilk supplied on the basis of the ruling i>rice for choicest butler on the Melbourne market, with full benefits under the Pnter son plan, plus 1/3 for 1001b. of whole milk. The company contends that it cannot pay (his price and retain its export trade. The position was discussed at a meeting of suppliers, nt which about 500 were pre sent. The meeting unanimously agreed to discontinue supplying the company forth with. It was agreed that in the event of any person supplying milk to the company the suppliers pledge themselves not to ne-| gntiate with the,company for a settlement until suoli persons ivane to supply. .Mr. 11. itoss, president of the Suppliers' Association, said tliat the amount in dis pute was a halfpenny & lb- butter- fat, but that was not what the company was con cerned about. It was out to crush the organisation of suppliers. Report# from all depots, however, showed that suppliers were determined to fight the matter to the end. In the meantime the co-oj»erative but ter factories will take the cream from the suppliers. An effort will be made to indue? potato growers in the Newlyn district to support plans which have been prepared with the approval of the Agricultural* department ifor making Victorian potatoes more popu lar in the Sydney market." It is proposed to get contributions of potatoes from various parts of the State for free distribu tion in Sydney. The chief inspector of the Agricultural department (Air.- Harris) will visit Newlyn. The Acting Treasurer of Queensland (Mr. Mullan) stated last week that- be had re ceived from the Sugar Board a* declaration that the actual percentage of the 1926 season's sugar delivered for home consumption was 81.3242 per cent, of production. The board also declared, that a payment of 15/ a ton of 91 net nitre sugar should l>c made in addition to the price of £26 prescribed for home consump tion sugar in .clause 8 of the proclamation of May 26, 1926. Final figures showed an average return of £24/10/10 a ton. It was anticipated that the money would be made available to the mills early next month. A substantial increase in the quantity of cotton marketed on that of the previous year is reported in the auuaal statement of the British Cotton- growing Association. The value, which is a record, amouuted to £3,400,000. Experience bad proved that British machiuery was, in every way, the best. The outlook for the cotton in dustry in Kenya (East Africa) is described as "on the whole encouraging." In South Rhodesia it can be made a highly profit able proposition, but it is not an econo mical proposition in Australia on a large scale with hired labour, although Queens land can produce cotton of excellent quality. The report says that there is no reason to doubt that the African native can produce cotton in competition with the United States. ' For some years change In the seasons has been noted in Queensland. Winter rains have been more frequent than when the monsoonal period was. marked and dry: frosty winter had been the invariable ex perience. On several occasions when it seemed as if the State had missed the wet season, the situation had been saved by ; excellent rains in the winter. This has been a blessing in several ways, because the drawback to successful grain cultivation in SouTTIcrn Queensland has been the absence of rain at the planting period. Mr. Jnigo Jones, a former pupil of Mr. Clement | Wragge, who has earned some reputation for long-distance forecasts, based on the cycle theory, phis sun spots, predicts a good many wet days in May, and plenty of rain in July and August. Mr. Jones has observed the appearance on the southern side of the sun of two large groups of spots, each in turn made up of three groups, and noting the movement of these, he says that there will be a marked decrease in tempera ture immediately in the Southern States, with rain there. The promise of relief in Queensland is fixed for May. At first it will be on the coast, but it is expected to reach the drought areas. In the following months much rain is promised in the south easter u part of the State. At the annual meeting of the Sheppar ton Agricultural Society on Saturday even ing it was emphasised that in view of the Grand National Show being held here this year it would be neces sary to increase the area of the showgrounds. It was resolved to seek the approval of the shire council to acquire a road at the northern end of the grounds, and to ask the Shepparton C-annery Co. to sell portion of its land to the society. The retiring president {Mr. J. H. Yt ilkin son) in his report deprecated the issuing of members' tickets to persons in arrears with 'membership fees. He said that the amount of the arrears was £1.77. Consider ing the lack of facilities at Shepparton for conducting pastimes, he regarded it as short sightedness to allow the showgrounds, which were admirably adapted for use by sporting bodies, to remain idle except ou show days, once a year, and he urged that the grounds should be made available for races, football, cricket, and other sports, leaving the recreation reserve to be used as a park and for bowling, tennis, and croquet. The balance-sheet disclosed that the show last year was one of the most successful licld by the societj, and resulted in a profit of £.7-19. The election of office-bearers for the coming year resulted as follows:-President, Mr. George Wood house; vice-presidents, Messrs. Harold Gialia'me and W. A. Trcwin: treasurer, Mr. A. O. Smith; architect, Mr. J. A. K. Clarke; council, Messrs. George llosie, W. Edwanls, James Guthrie. Henry Dodwell, W. K. Vincent, James McCrum, David James, W. Gilchrist. W. Cobble dick, S. Coombs, B. Thomas, James Sex ton, 6. L. Swan, and Albert Boon; audi tor. Mr. John Stubbs. Crown rents in Queensland, wliicb were due on March 31 have been paid surpris ingly well. The amount due was £719,047, and the amount paid, £150,100, or 631 per cent. In the years immediately preceding the percent ages were 01 J, 05, 69 9-10, and 69 respec tively. In view of the difficulties of selec tors the Minister for Lands regards the figures this year as excellent. Selectors have 90 days in which to pay, and it is expected that, as they experience the bene fit of an improvement in the season, in a portion of the State at least, a consider able part of the unpaid rent will be re ceived. In the official report of the second quarter of the Victorian Government herd test issued this month the top yield was that made by the Friesian three-year- old Hale cote Opera Girl, and it creates a new record for the State for all breeds, being in fact 43lb. higher than the 6061b. of butter-fat made in 273 days by the Friesian heifer which previously^ held the Government herd-test record for that age. This last record by Opera Girl of 6461b. in 273 days thus places her far ahead of anything else of that age that has yet beeu under test in Victoria, and she finished giving 20 quarts of milk on the last day of the term. The two-year-old heifer Burnbank Holland Lass Triumph also did particularly well in giv ing 1,344 gallons of milk, testing 3.72 per ccut., and 5001b. of butter-fat iu 273 days, aud she gave over 13 quarts of milk in the last day of her test. She is a daughter of one of the big Burnbank producers, Hol laud Lass 2nd of Berry, which has a Govern ment record of 6791b. of butter-fat in 273 days. The Government does not find buyers scrambling for the State statious which it is offering for sale. They are mainly in cattle country, because it was the "beef barons'' whom the late Mr. T. J. Ryan in tended to punish when he commenced to acquire these properties. Labour has long recognised that it made a blunder in en gaging in such a speculative business as grazing, and losses aggregating more than £1,000,000 have emphasised that view. To the present Premier belongs the credit of facing the position squarely and deciding to rid the Government of such enterprises as cannot pay their way. Fourteen station properties were put upon the market. Not one was sold at auction, but immediately afterwards Abbotsford was disposed of for1 £10,000, and now Diamantina Lakes has been sold for a similar sum. Both are un stocked. The new owners may contem plate placing them under sheep. The Go vernment still has a dozen stations on its hands. Another, Dillalah, near Charle ville, was divided into holdings, to be made available to selection. According to private advices the steamers Raisdale and Cedic liave been chartered by the New South Wales wheat pool for May loading at 38/9 a ton. The current parcel rate for wheat for April-May ship ment is 37/0 a ton and for flour 40/ a ton. Interest is attached to the future of the freight market, particularly in view of the recent attempt of the London Chamber of Shipping to impose amendments to bill of lading clauses which are unacceptable to Australian wheat exporters. The chamber lately decided not to bring the new bill of lading into operation until May 1, but doubt is expressed by exporters here whe ther the shipowners will adhere to their ] decision on that date. A great deal will j depend upon the demand for tonnage. If chartering competition is active owners may be enabled temporarily to enforce the new bill of lading upon shippers, but other wise they may not be able to do so. At present indications are that the freight j market is not tending in favour of the shipping companies, which suggests that the volume of cargo offering is below ex pectations. Shipments of wheat and flour from the Commonwealth for the week ended April 14 aggregated 2,363,352 bushels of wheat, of which 917,683 bushels were sent to non-European ports. Victoria was the heaviest shipper of wheat and flour, but New South Wales exported only 74,625 bushels of wheat and 2,229 tons of flour. From December 1 to April 14 the volume of wheat sent across overseas totalled ? 4S,S02,057 busliels, and of flour 198.174 tons, j the combined aggregate being equal to: 58,405,009 bushels,of wheht. Shipments' from tlie various States were as under: Wheat. Flour. Hushels. Tons. Victoria .. 3S, .S74,Gfi7 ftG.3S$ Now £oulli Wales 7,475,474 75,131 South Au«tr.ilin 3:1,627,CIS 2$.4Cm Western Australia 9,914,S9S 37,11*0 ! Total 4S,S92,C57 198.174 Figures relating to New South Wales still stand out conspicuously, as tliey re present- the smallest exports of any of the States, In face of the - heavy harvest garnered there New South Wales has shipped only about one-third of its sur plus production of this season. Wheat and flour which has gone from Victor!* for the: 1936-27- season amounts to 21,581,2$! bushels oft wheat. from New South Walt* 11,081,762 buBhels, from South Australia 14,041,938 bushels, and Irom Western Aus tralia 11,700,018 bushels. A message from Regina (Canada) states that unseasonable weather has curtsHed the provincial supply of batter, and that first grade New Zealand butter is being Bold throughout Saskatchewan. The president of the Saskatchewan Co- operative Associa tion (Mr. J. A. Calder) declared, that Canada cannot have an exportable surplus before the middle of June, whereas* normally begins on May 1. . After the holidays, the London butter market was steady on the resumption o£ business, according to a message received by the Dairy Produce Control Board, from its London agcncy. The oreinium on un salted butter will probably soon be reduced owing to offerings of fresh Dutch and Iridh. butter. Danish butter is quoted at 1G6/ * cwt.. New Zealand 152/ to 153/, and salted "Kangaroo" at 153/ to 154/ a cwt. Retail quotations are unchanged. The total quan tity of Australian butter in store at Hay's Wharf is 71,000 boxes, while unsold con signments of Australian butter amount to 64,000 boxes. The market for Australian cheese is steady at 74/ to 75/ a cwt., while New Zealand cheese is quoted at 76/ to 77/ a "cwt. Fortunately for exporters of wheat in the Commonwealth the financial crisis which has occurred in Japan has come at a time when most of the business done in wheat with that country by Australian shippers has been completed. The trade lately has had to face certain diffi culties in connection with some of the transactions, but most of these have been overcome. It lias been noticeable that within the last fortnight the Calcutta market for cornsacks for forward ship ment has declined by several pence a dozen, and some merchants attribute this to the situation in Japan. Others do not take this' view, as Japan 'is said to be a relatively 6mall buyer of jute. Accord ing to private advices the financial upset has had 110 effect upon prices^ of 'silk. Merchants in Melbourne " express ' the opinion that as the silt market lias fallen substantially since November there is little likelihood of. lower levels? of prices of this commodity beingestablislied. Tliey arc rather inclined -to look,upon-the state " of affairs ill Japan in a favourable light, because theyfeel jt will place trade gener ally on a sounder footing than it has occupied for some time. ^ . The: Bahyule Jersey stud of Mr. C. Gordon Lyon, at Heidelberg, was very much iu evidence at the Sydney .Royal Show, for a number of the prize-winners there were the descendants of . Bauyule-bred stock. The champion Jersey bull vras a son of the former champion, Brown Chief, which vras a son of Mr. Gordon Lyon's imported bull, Mabel's Chief, while the first prize two year-old bull was another grandson of Mabel's Chief. That other champion bull. Thorn of Bauyule, bred by Mr. Gordon Lyon, was another grandson of Mabel's Chief through his dam, and he is the sire of the first-prize three-year-old cow, Ret ford Pippin, and also of the second and third prize winners in the class for two year-old heifers (dry). Lord Silvermine 8th of Banyule is the sire of the first-prise tliree-year-old heifer in the dry class, aud the second-prize heifer (in milk) of tlie same age. Again Mr. Gordon Lyon's im ported Jersey bull, Wotton Airman, was the sire of the first-prize bull calf, and the second prize 18-months-old heifer. The former was the winner in a very good class of 24 calves, aud last year the same class was wou by another Banyule-bred calf. The lieifer Silvermine 35th of Banyule was a very 6howy animal, and of good dairy character, aud was very much admired by the onlookers at the judging. 