FINANCE & TRADE BRITISH TRARE REVIEW LONDON, July 30. New qccounts on tho Stock Ex change opened with a fair amount of llvellnena, but tho approach of tho bank holiday became a dominant fac tor, and generally qulot markets en sued. However, prices aro being maintained to a surprising degree of strength. Gilt-edged scurltles aro very firm, with some of tho recently issued colonial stocks In steady de mand. To tbe movement of tho ex- \- change to a discount of £1 12s. ca. per cent- against Australia la attributed the material reduction ot tho London funds of the Australian banks. This partly seasonal development has as sumed unusually large proportion owing to the recent heavy Imports ot Australia, and the outloSk for the coming Australian export season la less favourablo owing to the eevero \- drought In acme districts. Commenta tors derive cold comfort from tbe in quest ot the president of tho Board ot \- Trade (Sir Philip Cunllfte-Llst.r) on th,' national trado position In the House of Commons. . TRADE! BALANCES. \- Tho "Economist"' says- that tho most notable featuro of tho debate was a revelation of deep-seated uneasiness among all parties. Tho volume ot not Imports In the flrst quarter ot 1927 come to 132 per cent, and In the second 'quarter to 127 per cent ot the 1913 figures, the exports for the same period amounted to qnly.75 and 78.5 per cent, . respectively. Britain's adverse trade ' balance hah grown from £70,500.000 in '. the first half ot 1913 to £209,500,000 this V gear. The "Economist" expresses tho opinion that the nation Is' living on In- ,-i visible -receipts to a / more significant ' extent than, prior to the war, resulting In a lower capacity to mako capital in- vestments abroad. ' FACTORIES FOR AUSTRALIA 7 Tho "Yorkshire Post" thinks that tho Australian Minister for Trade and Customs (Mr. H. E. Pratten) la too op- tlmlstlo In' his rctoronce to tho prob- ablo response of British manufacturers to tbe invitation to start branch fac tories In Australia. It. says: "Tbero is a feeling In Industrial circles that Aus- 1 tralla far tba tlmo being would bo better, advised to develop tho purchases of British manfacturors. industrialists are most willing, carefully to examlno the prospectB of establishing Austral. , lan branch factories, but told Mr, Prat ten that the necessary long credits cannot be obtained at present. Tbe ' result of the recent Commonwealth loan Is regarded as ominous for those seek- , Ing further credits for Australian' en terprises; and there are doubts whether Australia', rot, of Immigration will warrant 'tho immediate building :of branch factories tit tho heavy Austral- Ian' flrst costs." THE WOOL INDUSTRY. . The wool' sales ' revealed the sound' standing of - raw -material. Tbe bom, trade was fit. largest buyer, taking" .700 Mies; compared with .9,(00 by th» Continent. Nevertheless tho manufacturing end of th, trade Sa far. from satisfactory, there being fisr too much standing machinery. This con dition of Affairs has been so prolonged that it has given rise to a search for 'a hereto remedy. Correspondence In , the. Yorkshire Press shows the growlng opinion that th, industry need, re organisation In th, direction of collec tive action. It . Is. the burdened mul tiplicity of small firms which to sending up the costs by frequent handlings of ' goods, and numerous ..profits between . the raw materials and finished -fabrics. . The .combination of all processes under A single management, collective adver tising, and scorch - for trade. Is being ' Jnfluentlolly advocated! BUTTER MARKET. . . Trade In Australian and New Zea land butters has been disappointing during tbe past month, chlcfiy owing to heavy supplies of European descrip tions. The production of Europe bos been maintained to the flush point . much longer than usunl. Owing to heavy rains, Germany has not taken her normal Share of Danish butter, re sulting In - heavier shipments to Lon don. It Is Interesting to note that Denmark, forestalled speculations by a recent Act compelling casks to bo stamped with the date of manufac ture. thus enforcing the Immediate marketing of Australian and New Zealand. However, tho bottom of the European supplies was touched this -week, and began to show a reduction all round. The stocka In the cold stores ore below those of last year, and tho outlook for tho Immediate futuro presents a healthier aspect. MEAT WAR TO END. Tho "Investors" Chronicle" under stands that a definite agreement has been reached between tho various companies concernod In tho Argentine ' meat war. The Anglo-Dutch under taking will bo closed, and Its per centage of exports will bo distributed between tho remaining smaller firms, 'Vcstcy Bros, Ltd., and tho American packers having adiustcd their differ ences long ago. All tho companies re maining In the trade have undertaken to find between them £90,000 a year for six years to pay the debenture In terest of tho Anglo-Dutch company. ' The only remaining difficulty Is ' freights, on which the Conference Lines, Vostoy Bros, nnd the Blue Stn/ Lino have not reached agreement. 