SHEPPARTON SHOW. OPENED BY LORD SOMERS. Production for Export SHEPPARTON, Wednesday. - The jubilee and grand national show was officially opened at noon to-day by His Ex cellency the Governor (Lord Somers), who was accompanied by Lady Somers At the luncheon Mr. G. Woodhouse, president of the society, presided. Lord Somers, in responding to the toast of his health, said that the Commonwealth for many years to come must rely on primary industries and concentrate on their development, allowing secondary index- tiles to keep pace with the advancement thereof. Australia could not very well manufacture for export, but could grow commodities for export, and on that really depended the prosperity of the people of Australia. One great problem was to keep young people from the cities, and it must be left to those who had imagination and push to solve the problem by evolving a system to give young people a love for the country If the children with gut wanted to fight, they could hardly be. trained to become interested in and fight the battles of agriculture In that industry there n is much to interest those of a romantic turn of mind To a great extent it was wise to put Australian born on the soil, but the land must be developed faster than an ordinary increase in population would admit Therefore they must bring people here, and the great majority of immigrants should he of British stocK When they saw Europeans earning and bottling it made, them feel what a change had been raised for settling those of Scotch, English, or Welsh origin His Exellency expresses delight at visiting country districts to obtain of the courage, perseverance, and success of the people on the land. The. principal awards were - Cattle-Shorthorns.-Uulls, 3 years or over Meikllro Bros, is ill, I year James Tweddle Cow, giving milk or In calf-J Allan, 1 one champion and reserve champion Heifer, 2 years - J Tweddle Heifer I year-J A Tueildle lied Polled Heifer, 2 years-H Martin. Pair of Fat Oxen, not over 4 years old- Melkllm Bros. Pair of Fat Cow, any age Meikle Bros, Ayrshires. -Bull, 3 years or over C. H. Hawkins. Bull, 2 years C. H. Hawkins, 1 and elm um i on. Bull, 1 j ears. R. Hawkins, 1 and 2. Cow, giving milk or In called. II. Hawkins, 1 and 2. Dairy Cow, 3 years or over, in calf 0. H. Hawkins. Heifer, 2 years-H. H. Hawkins, 12 and reserve champion. Uri for, 2 j ears M. A. Gamble and Son. Heifer, 1 near- 0. H. Hawkins and Sons. Group Prize C. H. Hawkins and Sons. Jerseys. -Bull, 3 years or-over-J. Maloney, 1 and champion. Bull, 2 years. Maloney, Cow, giving milk or in calf-Mrs. It Pennie. Dry Cow, 3 years old or over, in calf. Maloney, 1 and 2, champion, and reserve champion. Heifer, 2 years -Mrs. J. Lennie. Heifer, 1 year Mrs, R, Lennie Group Prize, special-P. J. Maloney. Krlrdans. -Bull, 2 years- H. Hoe Dairy Cow, in milk, any age or breed Hawkins and Sons. Two Dairy I try tons C jars or under-Ga na Wo and Sons. Dairy Cow by Teeth. J Maloney. Horses -Dru ugh to - Stallion, 4 years or over J. Elliott, 1 and champion. Stallion, 3 years Muhir Bros , 1 and reserve champion. Best Groomed -U. McClusky. Colt, 2 years. Rain. Colt, 1 spirit. Trcddle. Geldings. Ewart- Female, Brood Mare, foaled or in foal W. R. Ewart, 1 and reserve champion. Dry mare, over 3 years W. U. Ewart, 1. Filly, 3 Years. Walter, 1 and champion Filly, 3 years. Mactier. Filly, 1 years. Walter. Pair Farm Horses, mares or, geldings ft. Mactier and Sons. Tpjdi of Tlircel Farm Horses, mares or goldings. A. Mactier Grand Draught Horse Produce Sweepstakes, 1927 colt-T Freddie. Filly, 2 j ears. Boss Filly, 1 year- W. Walter. Draught Mare or Filly 2 years W. Walter. Thoroughbred? -Stallion. 3 years or over sames O'Keefe, 2 and champion Colt or Gelding, 1 year-A. Corboy, champion and reserve champion. Mare, foaled or in foal W. Corboy, reserve champion. Dry Mare, over 3 years-A. Corboy. FULl, 1 year-John 0 Don nell. Gig Horse, 15 hands or under-Thomas Danish Pair of Ponies, 14 hands or under-W Gkngow. Pony Mare or Gelding, not over 142 hands H. H Evans. Pony Mare or Gelding, not over 14 hands A Winds. Pony Mare or Gelding , not over 13 2 hands- W. Anderson. Light Delivery ' Horse Edwards and Co. Heavy Delivery Horse-, W J. Brown Port Hunter, not over 14 2 (hands, over hurdles, 3ft 6in W. Heanes Maiden Hunter-st Meryl Phillip District Hunter -D W Heaney Pair of Ruirrv Heres to J H II Beans single thought Horses Ten I lit Pony Stallion 14 hands or on terms W Wallen. Pony Mare W writers, lony More i r Geld Infr 142 hands A Martin Pony Mare or (Gelding;, H 1 match Noble Pony Mare or gelding 15 2 hands or under-R. Baxter Pony Mare or Gelding 12 2 hands-T Dalsh Girl Rider under 14 years May Hudson and Hetty A others divided Boy Rider under 14 years -Jack Allen District Hack radius 53 miles - Allen Bros. Hackney to list -MT Silt shell Hackney to lift Allen Bros. Woman's Hackney - Miss Phillis s. Champion Hackney -V F Mitchell District Pony Hunter, radius 25 miles - WA Fallen Pair Horses Jumping This - r S. Heaney Special Hunter 11 T Awards. - Stallion J Hunt Colt, Filly, of Gelding, 3 years - H- Hewison. Colt or field I beg-, 1 year H E. Jeffery. Brood Mare J Guthrie. Open Time Test Handicap - J. It. 