FINANCIAL SURVEY. IMPROVING BUTTER PROSPECT» ?'' '.Loudon, July 30.. The Stock. Exchange opened with fair amount of liveliness but thc, aj j» roa ch of the holiday b wa the a dominai factor and generally quiet markets ei sued,, but prices maintained a sürprisit degree of strength. Gilt-edged seeuritii were very firm with some of tine recent! issued colonial stocks in steady denian. The movement of the exchange to a 15 8d. per cent, discount against Ani-stráU lins attributed to the material reductio of tlie London funds of the Australia banks. This ..partly seasonal developmei has assumed unusually large proportion owing to Australia's recent heavy iii ports, while the outlook for the coinin Australian export s>ensou is less favoui able owing to Severe drought in som districts. Commentators derive cold comfoi from Sir Philip Cunliffe-Lister's inquej on the national trade position iu tb 'House of Commons. The "Ecpnonrist says:-"Tlie most notab:« feature of til debate was the revelation of a deep- seat ed uneasiness ai»ong all parties. The iii volume of thc import« for the first quart .- *r of 1927 came to 132 per cent, and fo the Second quarter to 127 per cent, o thc 1913 figures, while the* exports fo the same periods .were only 75.7 and 78.. ,. «er cent, respectively of the 1913' figures Britain's adverse trade balance hás-growi . from £70.500.000 for the first half c 1913 to £209.500.000 this year." Th "(Economist" .is of the opinion. tbat th< \- nation is living on invisible receipts to i .inoré significant estent than before tin '. war, resulting iii a limitation of powe: and capacity to make capital investment! abroad. The "Yorkshire IPos-t" things the Com môiiwealth Customs Minister (Mr.. H. iE Pratten), is over-optiniistic in his r-efer en oe to theextent to which British'manu facturer's~will probably respond tothe in Ttfntion to .start branch factories'in Aus tralia. It says:-t'Thcre is a feeling ii industrial circles that Australia for tb* .time being would be better advised to de vtelop her purchases from British manu- facturers. The industrialists are mos! ?willing to carefully examine thc nrbspécts of establishing . Australian branch fac- tories, but told Mr. Pratten that it ^-ouîd be necessary to have long credits which they cannot at present obtain. The result of tlie recent Commonwealth loan is re- garded as ominous' for .those seeking further credits for Australian enterprises. «ind there ar« doubts as to whether Aus- tralia's rate of immigration will wàrrant the immediate building of branch fac- tories at thc heavy Australian first cost*." \- The last wool sales revealed a' sound , standing of'Mw material, and the home trade was the largest buyer, .taking 56. 700 bales; compared with the Continental purchase of 49.700 bales. Nevertheless, the ninhufaoturing. end of the traáe is for* from satiefactoryr there being far lou much standing machinery'This condilion of affairs has-been so prolonged that it lias'given rise to a search for a heroic remedy. The correspondence in the York- shire Press shows that there is a growing opinion that ike industry neieds'reorga- nisation iii the direction of .collective ac- tion., lt is burdened , by . th> multiplicity . of small firms.-which ¿re sending up costs by their frequent handling: of the goods «nd the "numerous profits made bereen the íáw niáíerial ajad, the finished fabrics. Combinations nf all thé- processes tinier n single management wifli collective-nd . Tortising and a' search for.trade tire be 5ug_infliiriitinlly advocated. . The tTcde:in Australian «nd Kew Zea ; land butler^ has been disappointing for the past. month, chiefly owing to the .heavy supplies of the European descrlp l-tion. Protection4n'Europe 'has been main- tained at. flush point much longer than usual, ;o.wing:to/th«..b"^vy:._raíiiisvañd Ger- many hals jiot taken her normal phare :of Danish buttert "which has-fesulted'.in hea- vier-shipment® of . tlie .latter to Loudon. It- is interesting "to, note that . Denmark forestalled' speculators by a recent Act" of Parliament, which compels the casks of butter to be stamped with the date of manufacture, thus enforcing- their imme- diate marketing. The Australian - and New Zealand butters seem,- however, to liavè touched bottom. European supplies this week began- to- show a reduction all round.-The stocks in the cold stores were below" last year'«, and the outlook for the immediate future presents" a more healthy aspect. The "Investor's Chronicle" understands th.it a definite -agreement has been reach-, ed between the various conipán¡es< con- cerned iu the Argentine meat war. The' , Anglo-Dutch undertaking will be closed, and its përcentagè of exports will be dis- tributed between-the remaining smaller firms. Vesteys and the American packers, having adjusted their differences long ago, all thc companies remaining in the trade between- them have undertaken to find £90,000 yearly for six years to pay the Anglo- Dutch companies' debenture' inte- rest. The only, remaining-.difficulty is on the question of freight's,- on which there has been a conference with the shjppiug line®. Vesteys and'the Blue Star line have failed to reach an agreement. 