COMMERCIAL SUMMARY. STOCK EXCHANGE QUILT. WOOL MARKET FIRM. ARGENTINE MEAT WAR ENDED. I LONDON, July 30. "l'Ile Ii«« account ul tile Slock ts-1 elia ugo opened with a f air umouiit of I liveliness, but thc approach ul the liol i -1 day became a duiiiiuunl. faclur, Jud, : generally, i|itiet innrkeU ensued, but ! prices were maintained tn a surprising , degree ol strength, (jilt-edge seeuri' \ tic» were very linn, with nonie recently I issued Colonial stocks in cteady ile Uland. Thc movement in c\ch ange to May 1st, 1028. discount, against Austruliu.j is attributed tu n muteriul reduction in tho London funds of Australian banks. Ibis is partly a seasonal development, but il bus assumed unusually large proportions, owing to Australia's re- cent heavy imports, while the outlook of the couiiug Australian export season is less favourable owing lo the drought in some districts. Comment¡ifurs derive cold comfort from thc President nf the Ibianl of Trade. Mr P. Cunlille Li, 1er a imjiieslj nu the national trade position in thc, Hou~e of Common.-, "t he Economist's" correspondent says:-"The most notable feature ol' the debate was thc revela- tion of thc dci'pseated uneasiness among all parties. The volume of net im- pure.- toe thc first quarter of l'J¿7 came lo I'kS pei cent, and thc second quarter to Iii ncr eeni of the 1913 figures, while the exports for thc same period were only io mid ÎSS per cent respectively of thc 101:1 figures und retí.ns the adverse hiiiancc. grown from. £ro,500,000 (for (ho lils) inlf of 101;|, to £'20U,000,OUO tor Ibis year." "The Economist's" correspondent ex- presses (he opinion that a nation is living on invisible receipts to a more significant extent than in pre-war times, will result in a lower capacity to make capital Investments abroad. J'!ii! "lorksliirc rosf" tliiiiks that the Cominu'1 wealth Minister far Customs, Mr. Pratten, is over oytiinistic 1,1 fc" forence to Hie llritish manufacturer and tlie probable response lo the invitation to start branch factories in Australia. It says:-'There is n feeling in industrial circles that Australia for thc tim; being would Ix' better uJria:l to deve- lop purchases from Kn:..-u nniiifuuc I ii reis. Industrialists are most .liing to carefully examine thc prospects of es- tablishing Australian branch factories, but they told Mr. Pratten that thc necessary long credits cannot at present be obtained." The result of thc re.'-'nt Common weal I li Iran is regarded BB ominous for those seeking further credits for Aus- tralian enterprises, and there are doubts whether Australia's rate of im- migration warrants thc immcdiol-. build ins of branch factories ul heavy Austra- lian firM cost«. Thc last wool sales revealed thc sound standing of raw material. The Home trade was the largest buyer, taking 56,700 bales, as compared with thc con- tinent's 49,000 bales. Nevertheless man- ufacturing and trade aro far from satis- factory, there being fur too much stand- ing machinery. This condition of affairs ia so prolonged thal it bas given rise lo search for au heroic remedy. Correspondence in thc Yorkshire press shaws there is a growing, opinion that the industry needs reorganisation in thc direction of collect ¡ie action, lt is burdened with a multiplicity of small firms, seeding up costs hy frequent handlingsj of goods, and thc numerous prolits between tile raw material and finished fabrics. A' combination of all processes, under single ' management, with collective advertising and a search for trade, is being influentially advo- cated. Trade in Australian and Kew Zea- land bluter hus boen disappointing for thc past month, chiefly owing to heavy Mipplics oí European 'descriptions. Pro- duction in Europe hus been maintained to a flush point much longer than usu- al. Owing to the heavy rains Germany has not taken ber normal share of Danish, this resulting in heavier ship- ment! of thc latter lu Loudon. It ls interesting lo note thut Denmark bas forest-!Heit s|iecul«tions by lier recent act » ball compels casks'lo lie stamped »¡til the date of manufacture, thus en- forcing the immediate marketing of Australian and Mew /calami butter which neem, however, to have touched bottom. European supplies Hits week licgan to show a reduct iou all round. Tho stocks in cold stores are below last year's, and thc outlook for thc immediate future presents a healthier aspect. Tim "Investor'» Chronicle" under- stands that a definite agreement has been reached between thc various com- panies concerned in thc Argentine meat war. Thu Anglo Dutch Co. undertak- ing «ill he closed, its |KTcenlagc of ex- port« being distributed between thc re- maining smaller firms. Vesty's and thc American packers, adjusted their dif- ferences long ago. All thc companies remaining in thc Irade between them lmve undertaken lo find £00,000 yearly for six years, and to pay the Anglo Diitoh t'o.'s debenture interest. Thc nulv remaining dillieulty is in freights, on which the conference lines and Vesty's Hine Star have not reached an agreement. 