SPER DON'T C ONICLF.e PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY, THURSDAY, SATURDAY TUESDAY. MAY 24, 1927. LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. \----4--- Farm Yodhs for Australia. Coming by the s.s. "Ballarat," and due about June 29th, will be a partyw of farm youths for work on Austra lian farms. . The Salvation Army Immigration Department is now book= ing applications, and invites farmers to communicate with the secretary, Salvation Army. Immigration Depart mnent, 123 Exhibition Street, Mel bourne. .The ages of the lads are between sixteen and eighteen. Returned Soldiers' Smoke Night. The local branch of the Returned Soldiers' League will hold a smoke night and re-union in the Oddfellows' Hall on Thursday, 9th June, 1927, at 8 p.m. Mr. Ellis, the secretary of the Soldier Settlers' Association of Vic toria, will address Diggers on mat ters of great importance to men on the land, and it is hoped that there will be a good muster. All members of the Fathers' Association are invited and are asked to send their names to the secretary (Mr. F. A. Robertson). London Butter Market. In a cable message received by the Dairy Produce Control Board from its London agency, it is stated that the butter market is firm, with an upward tendency. Light rain has been received in England, but not sufficient for the requirements of dairymen. Danish butter is quoted at 161/ a cwt., New Zealand, 164/ to 166/, and salted "Kangroo" 164/ a cwt. No change has been made in retail prices, but an increase is expected. Unsold con signments of Australian butter amount to 42,000 boxes, while the total quan tity of Australian butter in Hay's wharf stores is 71,000 boxes. The cheese market is steady, New Zealand cheese being quoted at S5/ to 86/ a cwt., and Australian at S4/ to 85/. Wrestling Match at Terang. The intense interest in wrestling has spread to Terang, and on Thurs day week there will be staged in the Public Hall an exciting match bet ween Fred. Bromley who has been Mike Yokel's wrestling partner since he landed in Australia, and Sam Bur meister,. who is well, known in this district. Bromley has-all'the Ameri can bluff needed, and in his challenge he - undertakes to give Burmeister a public lesson in American wrestling. Burmeister, on the other hand, will, have something to say. A man who can bend bars of iron like a piece of tin will be a hard man to put anything over on.. Mr. Jim Lindsay, of Warr nalubool, will act as referee. As there is sure to be a full house, those wish ing to secure good seats are advised to book a g~ne at Mr, C, 5, M4aurice's Camperdown Baby Health Centre. A committee meeting of the C'am perdown Baby Health Centre will be held at the Shire Hall on Tuesday next. May 31. at 2.30 o'clock in the afternoon, when a large and retre sentative attendance is requested. Entertaining Mr. H. S. Bailey, M.L.A. MIr. H. S. Bailey, M.L.A.. Minister for Lands, will be entertainedt at a dinner on Thursday night next in the Public Hall Cobden. He will be accompanied by other Ministers and MIembers. and probably the Premier. A euchre party and dance will follow in the Public Hail. Hospital Jumble Shop. After a very successful season last winter the ladies of the Catttperdown hospital Shop have arranged to e open their shop in Pike Street to day. Goods of all descriptions are required to stock the shop and any donations left at the shop will be gratefully accepted. Camperdown Rest Rooms. In order to raise money for tin:an uing the rest room project for Canm perdown, the ladies' contu:ittee ha: mlade arrangements to conduct a grand ball in the Mechanics' Hall on Thursday. June 23. The ball pro mises to be a very enjoyable function, and a large attendance is expected. as this movement is of equal interest to town and country residents. Sale of Building Sites. Attention is called to an important sle of building sites at Dalgelv's sale ring on Tuesday. :lst May. This sale offers a unique opportunity of secur ing an ideal situation for a future home on exceptionally easy terms. Plans of the sites, \which are in the vicinity of Henderson Street. Bowen Street and Park Avenue can be seen at the office of Messrs. Dalgety and Co. Ltd. Colac Turf Club. The winter meeting of the Cola:c Turf Club will be held on Monday. June 6. An excellent programme has been drawn up as follows:- Hurdle Race, £60; Hack Race. £5: Winter Handicap, £50; Steeplechase, £70: Trial Stakes. £13; Novelty Pony Race £30: Flying Stakes. £25. Nomina tions close on Monday, May 23. Spe cial trains will run from Melbourne and Koroit. A Youthful Wireless Enthusiast. What can be accomplished by a boy with the necessary application is well exemplified by Mr. Wallace Wright, son of MIr. and Mrs. 11. Wright. of Noorat. This lad of seventeen years took,;up wireless as a hobby and subsequently went into the study of the subject as a future means of live lihood. After some solid work right off his own bat, he has succeeded in passing with great credit the Commuon wealth examination for a first-class wireless operator. At present he is on a New South Wales. trawler, being too young to take charge of the wire less room of a passenger boat. Musical Successes. At the May examinations of the Musical Society of Victoria. Collins Street, Melbourne. all pupils presen ted for practical work by Mrs. Orns by, Campbell Street, Camperdown. were successful. In the Intermediate Grade Una Byhamn and Susie Fuller gained first class certificates. These young ladies are to be congratulated. as their ages are but 12 and 13 years respectively. In the Junior Grade Dorothy Fuller, Phylis Ormnsby and iMiriam Day got first class certificates. and in the Preliminary Grade the same success was gained by Eunice Evus and Albert Fordham. Mr. Nott, .Mus, Bac. was the examiner. More Good Falls of Rain. Followilig the good rain that fell last week, this week, began favorably with good falls on Sunday and yester day. A few light showers on Fri day evening gave a registration of 3 points on Saturday morning. hut the week-end rains totalled 23 points. Showery conditious prevailed all dlay yesterday ,and until 5 o'clock yester day afternoon a further 12 points had been recorded at the official gauge at the Shire Hall:. This makes a total of 131 points of rain since' last Tues day, and the effect of these soaking falls is to be seen in the rapidly grow ing grass and the differeuit appeartance in the countryside generally. 