QUEENSLAND NEWS CONTINUED that early treatment had a most im- portant bearing on mortality, as in the early stages the disease was curable. The appeal of the lessees of Hogan- thulia, in the Warrego district, an area of 454% miles, against the decision of the Prickly Pear Warden at Charleville, which amounted to forfeiture, was dis- missed by the Prickly Commission yesterday on the grounds that the lessees failed to take the necessary steps for the destruction of prickly pear. The Commonwealth Air Force intend carrying out a reconnaissance flight in connection with oil-bearing territories in New Guinea. The aviators hope to reach Daru (Papua) on October 5. Mr. Justice Webb and Mr. W. J. Gillies (members or the Board of Trade and Arbitration) left Brisbane this morn- ing for Toowoomba, and will inspect the various railwaymen's depots as far as Cunnamulla. Some trouble is being experienced on the Cairns wharves. Waterside workers, it is reported, protested against the con- ditions of handling ? ack lines from a ship's hold. Probate has been granted in the estates of John A. Andrews, Tallebudgera, dairy farmer, £6392; Mary Hornung, Bowen, widow, £5444; and Maurice Spitlane, Far- leigh, near Mackay, labourer, X4786. Mr. Sam. Dalziell, when driving a car from Cairns to Gordonvale, collided with a telegraph or electric light pole, which was snapped off. The machine was badly damaged, but the occupants escaped serious injury. The racehorse Gresham, his trainer (Geo. Bean), and the jockey (Herdegen) have been disqualified for 12 months for alleged improper practices at the Oakey races on Saturday last. The Warwick Pest Destruction Board report the destruction, during the past nine mouths, of 14 flying foxes, 1164 crows, 50 kurrawongs, 80 starlings, and 1742 sparrows. Mr. W. A. Deacon, M.L.A. official!y opened the State school recently removed from Goomburra and re-erected at Elphin- stone. Large consignments of bananas are being forwarded from Dayboro to the Brisbane markets, where good prices are being obtained for most of the fruit. Mr. W. B. Bruce's shop and hairdress- ing saloon at Coolangatta was entered by burglars on Wednesday night, and cigarettes and tobacco to the value of about £5 were stolen. Rain marred the Nundah Show, which was opened yesterday. A feature of the show was the displays of Messrs. A. T. and H. Baker in the agricultural section, the former securing the award for the champion exhibit of the show. The Howard State School has been closed owing to an outbreak of diphtheria. Swabs have been taken from 280 pupils and sent to Brisbane. Alexander Booth (Labourer), charged at the Southport Court with attempting to unlawfully kill Walter James Stead, of Beechmount, by shooting him, was com- mitted for trial in Brisbane on October 19. Paddy Murphy an aboriginal, was yes- terday accidentally run over and killed by a lorry loaded with three tons of maise at Chumbrumba, near Atherton. At the Tenterfield stock sales yesterday fat bullocks reached the sensational figure of £21/10/, and fat cows £13/8/. MONDAY, October 3. His Excellency the Governor will leave Brisbane to-day for his tour of the inland districts, and will not return to Brisbane until October 25. As from to-day, the price af various brands of kerosene has been reduced by 1/ per case. The rowing season was opened on Satur- day afternoon. The principal event, the Champion Fours of the Brisbane River, was won by the Toowong Rowing Club, by 2k lengths from Brisbane, with the Commercial Rowing Club 3'lengths behind, third. The Toowong Club won every event for which it entered, including the "Sports Referee" Cup for maiden eights, and the Senior Fours. Large quantities of maize are going from Queensland to the South by rail at present, and the Railways Commissioner Mr. J. W. Davidson) said on Saturday the delays in its transport, of which had been complaint, were due to a waggon shortage in New South Wales, which the authorities in that State had promised to do their best to abate. A letter asking for an assurance that the Senate of the University of Queens- land gives the undertaking that the per- manent home of the University will be at St. Lucia has been sent to the Senate by the Mayor of Brisbane. The Seagulls amphibian aeroplanes arrived at the Eagle Farm Aerodrome on Saturday evening. They are en route from Melbourne to New Guinea, to assist in carrying out a search for oil in New Guinea and the Mandated Territory. A severn storm broke over Brisbane yesterday afternoon, and caused some damage in the Albion, Windsor, Wilston, and Kelvin Grove areas. The premises occupied by Messrs. Den ham's Ltd., as bulk stores in Richmond- street, Maryborough, were completely de- molished by fire early yesterday morn- ing. During the progress of the con- flagration several cylinders of compressed air burst, and one lady was seriously injured. At the Babinda Speedway yesterday four riders were seriously injured, several escaped with minor injures, and three machines were wrecked during the course of some of the most sensational crashes yet seen on any northern motor cycle track. The death occurred in the Tweed Dis- trict Hospital on Friday of Walter Daniel Leesce, aged 44 years. Deceased, who had resided at Cudgera for 15 years and was engaged in dairying pursuits, was the victim of an unusual occurrence. When eating a meal at home one day last week he broke the plate of his false teeth, one half of which he swallowed. An opera- tion was performed on Friday last, and the teeth were removed from the abdo- men, but the patient developed peritoni- tis, and his condition became serious. He is survived by four children. After a hearing extending over two days, Mr. Aitkin (Licensing Magistrate) refused an application by Eileen Lehm- kuhl for a provisional certificate for an hotel at South Johnstone township. He said that already two hotels had been granted licenses there, and it would be found that reasonable requirements would be met by these places. "Apart altogether from the beneficial effects of the rain on the country gener- ally it is of immense benefit to the Rail- ways Department, which for a long time has been suffering serious disability on account of locomotive troubles, due to bad water," said the Commissioner for Railways (Mr. J. W. Davidson) on Sat- urday, After being in the ground for anything between 50 and 100 years, two huge gate posts on the Canning Downs property were dug out recently and were found to be in a surprising state of preservation, being solid throughout. A conference of representatives of hos- pital interests, held in Brisbane, carried a motion asking, the Government to ap- point a technical advisory board to which all matters in connection with hospital de- velopment should be referred. According to the Registrar- General's figures the area actually under crop in Queensland in 1926 was 941,783 acres, a decrease of 91,982 acres, or nearly 9 per cent, on the 1925 figures. The extent of land under permanent artificially-sown grasses showed an increase from 532,052 to 543.528 -acres. A total of 57,084 acres of wheat were sown last year, compared with 165,090 acres in 1925, and the crop harvested de- clined from 1.973,477 bushels in the latter year to 379,339 bushels in the former. The maize crop also showed a consider- able reduction in output during the year, the area under crop declining from 154,252 acres in 1925 to 137,542 acres in 1926, and the produce from 3,384,172 bushels to 2,- 659,895 bushels—21.94, and 19.23 bushels per acre respectively. Thc cotton crop also showed reduced figures for 1926, as only 9,059,907lb. (un- ginned) was gathered, compared with 19, 537.-274lb.). in 1925. A few men in the Bartle Frere camp, near Cairns, advocated that all the cane should be burnt prior to cutting. One gang of five men, on good cutting, ceased work, and their places were applied for a dozen times over, and the work proceed- ed. The Babinda mill cane yielded as high as 16.12 c.c.s. By the steamer Orsova 48 immigrants arrived in Brisbane. These comprised 24 ordinary nominees, nine domestics, and 15 farm labourers. Meears. S. Kruger and W. Schmidt, two Danish agricultural experts, who are tour- ing Australia, expressed the opinion that the Dawson Valley irrigation area offered wonderful opportunities for settlers on the land. Last week 950 fat cattle left Warwick for the South, while an additional 400 head from Miles district were dipped at Leslie on Friday. The Railway Department is having a strenuous time meetiug the demands for trucks for maize consignments from stations on the Downs to the border. Be- tween 608 and 700 tons is being forwarded to Wallangarra daily. Mr. A. C. Kreig, of the State Wheat Board, inspected Clontarf, Mount Emelyn, Lavelle, and Rocky Creek wheat crops, and expresses the opinion that the crops will yield from 5 to 10 bags to the acre. Good crops are likely to be harvested at Captain's Mountain and Kooroongarra areas. Reports from Amiens indicate that the stone fruit has set well, but all danger from frost is not over. Acting on the recommendation of the shareholders, the directors of the Bunda- berg Co-operative Dairy Company have closed their general store, which has not proved a paying concern. A trial consignment of tomatoes for the Sydney market left Cardwell on Septem- ber 27. Mr. Richard Delaney, who has been station-master at Ipswich since Easter, 1924, died suddenly in a private hospital in that town early on Saturday. Whilst out mustering cattle at Nanango, Mr. Norman Darley had the misfortune to break his collar bone, through his horse falling. At the Albion Park races on Saturday Stripling won tbe Park Plate from Fine Stitch. Chippeawa coming third. Land Tax stock secured the Park Purse. Land Tax and Red being in the second and third positions. At the Rockhampton races on Saturday the stewards were not impressed with the running of Steel King, ami the rider (S. Houseman) was suspended for a month, but the owuer (B. Carey( was given the benefit of the doubt. TUESDAY, October 4. His Excellency the Governor (Sir John Goodwin) arrived in Dalby yesterday afternoon, and was suitably welcomed by the Mayor (Alderman Victor Drury) and aldermen and the chairman of the Wambo Shire Council (Mr. J. G. Sparkes). The State Primary Correspondence School, which was established early in 1922, with 27 pupils and one teacher, now has an enrolment of 3590 pupils; and there are 55 teachers and a clerical staff of five. A big fillip to the wheat, cotton, and dairying industries will result from the bounteous rains which were experienced on the Darling Downs and in the coastal areas, during the week-end. The Bris- bane Valley participated in the torrential downpours, and the crops and grass will greatly benefit. Splendid rain has been experienced in the Thargomindah district, up to 2in, being recorded in some parts, and the Bulloo River it rising. During the storms on Sunday the Bald Hills and Petrie districts experienced heavy falls of rain, 5in. being recorded at the former, and 7in. at Petrie. . The firet annual meeting of the Western Division of the Country Women's Asso- ciation was opened at Charleville yester- day, the delegates being welcomed in the Town Hall by the Mayor (Alderman A. Hollett). The position at the Roma Oil Corpora- tion's bore was reported yesterday to be unchanged. Two cars, belonging to the drillers, Messrs. Evans and Michado, were driven into Roma on petrol obtained from the bore. Owing to a serious shortage of shipping stocks of sugar are accumulating at the Mourilyan mill, and a prominent official stated yesterday that the mill would have to close down unless this position was remedied immediately. Robert Stuart, an elderly man, who had been employed at Tocal station for the past 2 years and 10 months, was found dead in a hut 14 miles from the station on Saturday. The deceased was about 74 years of age, and was born at Calcutta, India. The case against Andrew Edward Dowl- ing and Susan Norah Dowling for al- leged cattle stealing was concluded in the Croydon Police Court yesterday. Nine wit- nesses were examined for the prosecu- tin, and the defendants, who reserved their defence, were committed to stand their trial at the first criminal sittings of the Circuit Court to be held at Cairns next year, bail being allowed in each case, self in £60. and one surety of £00. At a meeting of the committee of the Southport Show Society, held last night, it was decided to hold the postponed show on Saturday, October 29, and Mr. J.G. Appel, M.L.A.. is to be invited to per- form the opening ceremony. During the last 12 days 19,000 bales of wool were shipped from Townsville to Brisbane, and 1500 baes overseas. Wool still is coming forward strongly, also sugar. During the past week magpies, which are nesting in a tree behind Parliament House at Canberra, have viciously at- tacked several pedestrians. A Southern paper sets down the loss on the Commonwealth Line of at least £12,000,000 to date. Mrs. Parke, of Sydney, who has been visiting Aldingham station, near Winton, was taken dangerously ill, and on Sunday was conveyed by a "Qantas" plane to her home in Sydney. Mr. J. C. Valentine, a union leader of Brisbane, who was a member of the Labour Delegation to America, says that the delegation has achieved unanimity in its report. He declares that efficiency is the keynote of America's success in trade. He is greatly enamoured of the profit- sharing system, and admits that he has returned with the conviction that a better adjustment of the relations of the em- ployee and employer is essential if Aus- tralia is to progress. Five disputes have disturbed the work- ing of the Cairns waterfront during the last week. The latest trouble is in con- nection with reducing the number of bales of compressed fodder beiug unloaded from 16 to 12 to the sling. At an executive meeting of the Queens- land Teachers' Association it was re- ported that 131 teachers during the last 12 months had lost their promotions, an increase of 90 per-cent, on the previous year's figures. Of these, 116 lost promo- tion owing to the reports ot junior in- spectors. The Treasury returns issued yesterday show that the expenditure for the past three months exceeded the revenue by £307,482, compared with £119.528 for the corresponding period of last year. The revenue was £ 162,780 less, and this was due mainly to a drop of £164,532 in returns derived, from income tax, and £105,810 in the earnings of the Railway Department. The recent strike was responsible for a big fall in the railways revenue from the £685,731 received in August, the re- ceipts for September amounting to £577,077, or £108,724 less. Mr. C. H. Bechley rushed into his burning house at Rockhampton yesterday and rescued his three-year-old daughter, Both father and daughter were severely burnt. Two Melbourne ladies travelling in a Baby Austin car, en route to Darwin, and thence to Adelaide, passed through Barcaldine on September 28. Shearing is general in the Tara district, and the clip is up to the average. Some of the wool is being taken direct to Bris- bane by motor lorry, but the greater por- tion of the clip will be sent by rail. A utility truck was proceeding to Rock- hampton with four passengers, and some farm produce, when it stopped near Deep Creep, and began to go backwards down the hill. The brakes failed, and the vehicle turned completely over. All the occupants crawled from underneath un- hurt. The amended hail insurance regulations will be gazetted shortly. Under tbe new regulations all wheat is automatically in- sured an soon as it is fully in ear, and no return for this purpose is called for. In the Mount Morgan Police Court, Thomas Kelly and Sons pleaded guilty to making a false statement on a consign- ment note as to the freight payable, and was fined a total, of £13/17/8, John Bernard Connor, a farmer, near Westwood, was ploughing his land when he was shot through the arm by a 14- year-old boy, who was walking along a nearby road carrying a pea-rifle. The station master's house at Crow's Nest was destroyed by fire early on Mon- day morning. Joseph Edmund Watson (aged 6 years) died in hospital to-night, aa a result of being knocked down by a motor car in Bundock-stree, Gelgian Gardens. A protest against the erection of an iron fence around Perr'ys-Park was made by a deputation of residents of Bowen Hills, which waited on the Vice-Mayor of Bris- bane yesterday. Two men, who refused to give their names, while attending to their Citroen car on the Tweed Heads- Murwillumbah road, released the brakes, and the car went over an embankment, crashed into a tree, burst into flames, and was de- stroyed. Mr. F.. Atterbury was driving a truck in the vicinity of tbe Moombra schoo, on the Esk-Ipswich road, when he ran off the edge of tbe road, and the truck was overturned. Atterbury was im- prisoned, under the truck for some hours, but he escaped serious injury. William : "Hear that clock chiming, Miranda ; it must be very late ?", Miranda: "That's not a clock, dart- 