BRITISH TRADE SUMMARY. An Adverse Balance. Australian Undertakings. LONDON. Julv 30. The new account of the Stock Exchange opened with a fair amount of liveliness, but the approach of the holiday became a dominant factor and, generally, quiet markets ensued. Prices, however, main tained a surprising degree of strength. Silt-edged stocks were very linn, with some recently issued colonial stocks in steady demand. The movement of ex change to' 1§ discount against Australia ib attributed to the material reduction of the London funds of Australian banks This partly seasonal development liaa assumed unusually large proportions owing to Australia's recent heavy imports, while the outlook for the coming Australian ex port season is less favourable owing to the severe drought in some districts. Unfavourable Comparisons. Commentators derive cold comfort from the inquest in the House of Commons by the President of the Board of Trade (Sit Phillip Cunliffe Listers) on the national, trade position. The Economist says the most notable feature of the debate was the revelation of a deep-seated uneasi ness among all parties. The volume oi net imports for the first quarter of 1927 came to 132 per cent., the second quarter 127 per cent., of the 1913 figures, while the exports for the same periods were only 75.7 and 78i per cent, respectively of the 1913 figures. Britain's adverse trade balance had grown from 7J millions in the first half of 1913 to 209J million*, this year. The Economist is of. opinion that the nation is living on invisible re ceipts to a more significant extent than before the war, resulting in a power and capacity to make capital investments abroad. Mr. Pratten's Optimism. The Yorkshire Post thinks that the Federal Minister for Trade and Customs (Mr. Pratten), who is now in England, is over optimistic with reference to British manufacturers' probable response to his invitation to start branch factories in Aus tralia. It says there is a feeling in in dustrial circles that Australia, for the time being, would be better advised to develop purchases. British manufacturers and in dustrialists were most willing to examine carefully the prospects of establishing Aus tralian branch factories, but had told Mr. Pratten that the necessary long credit* could not at present be obtained. The result of the recent Commonwealth loan is regarded as ominous for those seeking further credits for. Australian enterprises, and there are doubts whether the Aus tralian rate if immigration warrant* the immediate building of branch factories at heavy Australian first costs. The Wool Sales. The last wool sales revealed the sound standing of raw material. Home trade was the largest buyer, taking 56,700 bales, compared with the Continent's 49,600. Nevertheless, the manufacturing end of the trade is far from satisfactory, there being far too much standing machinery. Thjs condition of affairs is so prolonged that it has given rise to a search of a heroic remedy. Correspondence in the Yorkshire press shows there is a growing opinion that the industry needs reorgani zation in the direction of collective action. It is said to be burdened by a multiplicity ClT Km nil firm a cati (Ittiw im r-nof et V*w v-Via frequent handlings of goods and the nume rous profits between the raw material and the finished fabrics. Combinations of all processes under single management, collective advertising, and the search foi trade is being influentially advocated. Butter Market. Trade in Australian and New Zealand butters has been disappoining daring the past month, chiefly owing to the heavy supplies of European description. Pro duction in Europe has been maintained at flush point much longer than visual owing to heavy rains. Germany has taken her normal share of Danish butter, re sulting in heavier shipments of the lat ter to London. Denmark forestalled speculators by her recent act in compelling casks to be stamped with the date of manufacture, thus enforcing immediate marketing. Australian and New Zealand butters seem, however, to have touched bottom. European supplies this week began to show a reduction a.11 round ami the stocks in cold stores are below those -of last year, and the outlook- for the immediate future presents a healthier aspect. The Meat Trade. The Chronicle understands thnt a definite agreement has been reached be tween the various companies concerned in the Argentine meat war that the Anglo Dutch undertaking will be closed, its per centage exports being distributed between the remaining smaller firms. Vesteys and American packers having adjusted tbcit differences long ago all the companiei remaining in the trade between them have undertaken to find £80,0Q0 yearly for sis years to pay the Anglo-Dutch company's debenture interest. The only remaining difficulty are freights, on which Con ference lines and ¥6816/8 Blue Star have not reached an agreement. 