THE LUCKY THIRTEENTH-OPENING WEEK IN HARVEST TERRACE By BLACK ROD. Inspiriting music by the band of tb R A,O.A. on the opening day served t recall the brightly colored-past, vche the artillery not only dragged a. par pf small howitzers to "the heights t Harvest-terrace but fired them off ana the infantry drawn up In front c the House grinned ecstatically at the el forts of the gallant Captain Carvall an his spirited charger to rurnisb Pres reporters with readable paragraph? "Them was the days," when the crow watching the animated proceeding outside the legislative -halls, was jus as numerous as that scrambling for.' cup -of -tea within the "sacred pre .clncts." \- Of all the "speeches" read in ,th ^course of a session, that submitted' b; His Excellency on the opening da: secures the most attentative hearine indeed it might even be said to be th only one tb get a hearing of any cor Worthy of the name.- This ? year th' carefully prepared utterance container no international surprises, ' thoug] probably it came as a bit of a shod to orchardlsts to learn that during thi past season fruit export had reachet its "zenith". Still, even formal printei "speeches" framed for the opening o Parliament aire not' infallible, and -toni can only hope that the export fruit In dus try is capable of yet a little furthe expansion. . It ls customary to entrust the . Init- iation of the Address-in-reply debatí to newly elected members. Then' thesi "Babies of the House" are followed bi the Party leaders,-after which theij&n; eral pack is unleashed to gp ^y«x> berating down the corridors of J**Han «ard- - This year the selected "babies' were more experienced than usual Indeed in the Council, for lack of bo na- ndo "babies" tw0 veterans in Mr. Kit- son and ür. Gray were called upon tc jail the '-vacancies. In the Assembly where three "babies" . were available the choice fell upon Mr. KenneaUy and Mr. Frank Rowe, the last-named, illa Mr. Gray In the Council, electing tc formally second the motion and res- erve his speech. Mr. KenneaUy spoke forcefully and with the confidence bon of long practice in the temples of hit party. Presenting his facts In orderly manner, he built upon them logical argument adorned with' incisive phrases. For a malden speech in the House it was a notable effort. Mr. KenneaUy, long before the session, ie over, should be taking a prominent place in the firing line of his side. Leader of the Oppositions .For some three hours on Tuesday. Slr Janies Mitchell - reviewed the State's activities, with special refer- ence to finance, mining, agriculture, group settlement and the "?maladmin- istration" of the Electoral Department In respect of the recent elections: That he should have 'occupied, sq much time is In itself a suggestion that Slr James Is not an adroit' speaker. Yet many members on both sides; notably the Premier, listened attent- ively to him throughout. Sir James, admittedly. Is one of the. most lovable personalities in -the House. Failure to appreciate that is to argue yourself unloved). In party politics there was nothing whatever between the Leader of the Opposition and Mr. Angwin. In the House they scolded each other with fine frenzy. But In or out of the House neither would allow any of his follow- ers "to support him in the faw'Uar attack. Indeed so flimsy was the machine made antagonism between them, that in a pinch each was ready to spring to the defence of the other. And now the Premier himself, w|th his own attractive attributes, is tn "dan- ger" of slipping Into his absent col- league's place in the personal entente cordiale that .has so long subsisted between the Opposition Leader and a member of the Government. In the Council. In the Council on Tuesday, Mr. Lovekin attained the unexpected by arranging with Mr. Cornell-who had secured the previous adjournment for preference In the debate. Mr. liovekin's proffered reason for this was that fae was off to. the Eastern States on business that he hoped would result In £50,000 worth of Work for Western Australians, and he desired before leaving to caution the House against light-heartedly ratifying the tentative financial agreement between the States and the Commonwealth. There was he said, no occasion to fear i that if Western Australians rejected i the agreement there would be no other substitute for the per capita payments. Adjuring his. fellow members to be good while he was away, the amiable magnate hurried off to pack his bag. But Sir William Lathlain at once proceeded to be naughty. So far from viewing the agreement with suspicion he actually welcomed lt as being In every way preferable to the per capita payments. But he was not very well satisfied with Mr. Collier's baby sur- plus. There appears to be some weird telepathy between Sir William and Mr. Bruce.- Apparently they think along exactly the same lines, and so it not infrequently happens that one of the two quite unwittingly will repeat what the other has said, per- haps at the other side of the Common- wealth. So it was when on Tuesday night Sir William, reproving Mr. Kit- son for his views on mixed immigra- tion, reeled off almost in the sonorous language of the Prime Minister, what Mr. Bruce had already said in Queens- land about the White Australia policy. Epigrams, though generally unrell- i 1 able, linger musically In the memory. ' Consider, that Interjection by Mr. Teesdale on Tuesday, spat out with characteristic emphasis: "The 600 (group settlement) blocks were ap- proved for. one Government and con- demned for the next by the same officials!" Some Records. Something- was said in the Gover- nor's opening speech of records achieved during the year. The Council on Wednesday set up another record by adjourning at six o'clock having dene so more for. the day than passed a Supply Bill for two millions and listened to a speech by Mr. Potter on tlie Address-in-reply., In the opening week of last session the Council sev- eral times adjourned before tea, until the then- President (Sir Edward Wit- tenoom) frpni the «hair - upraided members and suggested that there- after they sit unto* nine or ten o'clock or sp. Next day. significantly, the Council rose earlier than ever, and on the following day Sir Edward, true to tradition, resigned the presidency. When, on Wednesday, the . Council ad- journed, so early. Sir Edward's succes- sor, (ilr. J. W. Ki-van) did. not deem it necessary fte .remark upon it. The Assembly OD the same day set up a more striking record fey adjourn- ing before /eight o'clock. Mr. Griffiths, tile sprightly little member, for ali _that'^ .jAvon, had been playing, upon the" collective tympanum for over two hours, but that ^xiuld scarcely account for the - phenomenally early Hsing. Greybeards of '|he- House .declare that it has ipi? t oajuned h&lf; a dozen times in A^Jl, j|he sfa» silica 3.904, when the Danish Goyeriyneht, the State's first 'Xt-Afe Adn^IsirBÇtion. finding" itself somewhat; :pi«^turely In office was; unready with'legislation, and sp in .'augutyted its famous "mark-time pol- icy iby^adjouming the sittings**at tea-' .time night after night till the belated '"BIOs could', be marshalled and brought down;- .' , *? ?' Anothet; brief bitting of the Connell on Thursday iras occupied by Mr. Hamersley.' 'who urged that dog proof fencing should be an exemption on ah income tax return, and deplored the destruction of trees along country roads ' in the interests ot "téléphona and telegraph lines-and Hr. Nichol- son who, while acknowledging the .Treasurer's surplus, contended that experts could make figures prove any- thing at all. Incidentally Mr. Gray strongly supported Mr. Potter's motion that those reaponsible for the new bus and taxi routes be put in their places. . That same afternoon the Premier gladdened an hour in the Assembly by confessing to thoughts on his -critics, including the Press. When Mr. Collier is1 in ihat vein everybody, even the crftlcs, slt'-around -expectantly. They Jure seldom disappointed. Discerning appraisers have said that Mr. Collier would be an ornament to the House of Commons. When the Premier sat down, Mr. Ferguson, one of the session's "babies" elected to follow him on the floor. It wasn't any "rushing in", either, for like Mr. Kenneally this new country- man promises well.' The House is go- ing to hear a lot about the district of Moore. 