BRITAIN'S TRADE [ FORTNIGHT'S REVIEW 1 0F POSITION j Stock Exchange Quiet 1 LONDON, Saturday Night. — Tho H London Stock Exchange opened with 18 a fair amount of liveliness, but the an- KB proach of Uie August bark holidar H became the dominant factor and II generally quiet markets ensued, but H prices maintained a. surprising degree H of strength. Gilt-pr?p'oc; -nm*.*. ? ? IB firm with some recently Issued Colon ial stocks In steady demand EXCHANGE AGAINST AUSTRALIA T he movement of the. exchange .to l 5-8 discount against 'Australia is at tributed to material reduction in the London funds of ; v This partly season*! ieSnS l sured unusually large proportions owr HI ing to Australia's recent lieavy- jm. SB ports, while the outlook for Uip mm. ' fill ing Australian export season is less H favorable owing to severe brought in * H some districts , ~ K COLD COMFORT FROM INQUEST' il Commentators derive cold comfort - H from Sir Philip Cunliffe Lister's in- i ? quest in the House of Commons -oa ? | the position of national trade H nn'tJw8 fEc°nomist' sa^: 'The 'most H notable feature of the debate was tb« H revelation of deep seated uneasiness M «wi ^ Lu;s. x ne -volume of net imports for the first quarter ol' 1927 came to 132. per cent, and that of the second quarter to 127 per cent of the 191.1- figures, while exports, fot thai same periods were only 75.7 per cent. respectively of the 1913 figure® ADVERSE TRADE BALANCE; J 'Britain's adverse trade b'alapcS lias grown from 70J millions sterling' dor- Ing the first lialf or 1913 to 209J mil- ' lions sterling this -Tear. 'The Economist' opines that' the nation is living on invisible receintB to a more significant extent' thian'ho- fore the war, resulting in a loyer ' ' capacity to make capital investment abroad. PRATTEN OVER OPTIMISTIC 'The Yorkshire Post' thinks tlyit ~ - Mr H. E. Pratten (Australian Minister for Trade and Customs). Js over-obtl-v 4, mistic in reference to Ur^efi ' manii-'1'' i ? - facturers' probable response' 'tq-hia invitation, to start branch factqries1 in £ Australia, for, the lime - being, 'would ^ -7 ? be better advised to develop purchases ' * of British manufactures. Industrial- ' ? ists are quite willing to carefully '? examine the prospect of ? - es- ? ensuing Australian branch . rfaCtor- s 'es, but they told Mr Pratten that tilt ' necessary long credits could not' at % present he obtained. The result of Ih'n ? recent Commonwealth loan is regard- / °d as ominous for those seeking fur- ' - ther credits for Australian- enterprises j j and tli ere are doubts whether Aus- ' tralia's rate of immigration . Avonl'd warrant the immediate building ? of ' branch factories at the heavy' Aus-' ^ tralian first costs.' . . ? WOOL INDUSTRY. ,;~Tlie last London wool sales revealed ^ound, ..standing bf raw material. * Ttie loijae trade was the largest buyer; tak- ' ig';*56,700 bales compared witVi mg /?rtn xt ? ? it- -i ? . 'it, ;? -Manufacturing end of the trade is far. '? j trom satisfactory, ther^ bein^ far 'too^' I uuch standing machinery. 'This con- 1 j ?dition of atfairs has been so prolonged 1 -hat it has given lise to. a search itir 1 . ^n heroic remedy. .? - XJorrespondende ?? ..in the Yorkshire Press show.s a jjrow- ?-. ?:ng -opinion that the industry needs' ' .? reorganisation in. the direction of col- ? .ective action. It is burdened with a 1 multiplicity of small firms, sending' u_p ? 1 cost? by frequent handlings of goods'' and numerous profits between the raiv ' ? material and finished fabrics. Copibi- f ? nation^ i^of all processes under a singje' ?management, collective 'advertising, ' . ajui search* for trade are being influ- . lr antiallv advocated. , ' - ? : ;? - AUSTRALASIAN CUTTER. The trade in Australian and ' New Zealand butters has been 'disappoint-' r- ; -Hg* during' the past month, chiefly ow- ? mg to .heavy supplies of fturbpeau' ' descriptions. Production in Europe : ' aas been maintained at flusb .-point ^ much longer than usual owine Jto ' ' leavy rains. German y lias not -,J ler normal share of Danish, lesulfiriir^ m heavier shipments of the Jatter London/ - ? « It is interesting to note that Deift 'f 1a- ayeruiaiofS Dy a,Te-^ jC,n L Act compelling casks to be .-=tamto- V ' ^d with the date of manufacture, thus4; £ni°rcing the immediate1 marketing,'' ' - ? ? Australian and New Zealand butter1'' ?eem, however, to have touched boJt- ' tamo. European supplies this welk ; Segan to show a reduction ^11 .round. ,otocks m cold stores are below ttosje'v . I3?} year, end the, outlook fof 'tiie.f' - 'nirnediate future presents a healthier I aspect. - . ' ' , - - ; - . THE MEAT WAR. - , V,. ? lhe Investors' Chronicle' under-- ? ' stands that a definite agreement has been reached between the various com- - Dames concerned in the Argentine meat war .The Anglo-Dtftch lindeV- '-«? ' c raKing will be closed, its 'percentage of sports being distributed* between the' ' remaining smaller, firms. ''Veslevs oml '^merican Packers adjusted heir differences long ago. All' 'the -ompames remaining in the-lrade. be 'qnrnn '1 have undertaken to ' find -90,000 yearly for six years to pay the Anglo-Dutch Company's-debenture in- : _.eiest. The only remaining difficulty. ?vVh,ich the Conference Lines and Vestey's Blue StarVave not reached agreement.; ? -- 