BRITISH TRADE. HUGE ADVERSE BALANCE. 3C': TER PROSPECTS HEALTHY. (Australian Presa Association.) /" LONDON, July 30. ___ N«w iccounU on the Stock Exchange or-tiJí.í with a fair amount of liveliness, hy.. "ie approach of the bank holiday be cr-ni" a dominant factor, and generally quiet majkets ensued. However, prices «e Vmg maintained to a surprising de- gree of strength Gilt-edged securities are viiy firm, with some of the recently ¡«awrJ colonial stocks in steady demand. T'i t'ic movement of the exchange to a discount of £1/12/8 per cent, against Australia is attributed the material re- duction of the London funds of the Aus- tralian banks. This partly seasonal de- velopment has assumed unusually large proportions owing to the recent heavy im- ports of Australia, while the outlook of the coming Australian export season ia Ur« favourable owing to the severe ' -ought in some districts. Commentators derive cold comfort from the inquest of the president of the' Board of. Trade (Sir (Philip Cunliffé-Lister) on the national tiade position in the House of Com- mon*, DEEP-SEATED UNEASINESS. I The "Economist" says that the most nota ale s'eature of the debate was a reve- lation of deep-seated uneasiness among all pdr lies. The volume, of net imports in the ¡¡M quarter of 1937 came to 132 per cent., I and in the second quarter to 127 per cent. I ai vhe 1013 figures, while the exports for the same period amounted to only 75 and 73.5 per cent., respectively. Britain's ad- verse trade bslanoe has grown from £70,500,000 m the first half of 1913 to £209,500,000 this j-ear. The "Economist" expresses the opinion that the nation Í6 îiïios on invisible receipt« to a more sig- nificant extent than prior to the war, resulting in a lower capacity to make capital investments abroad. 'In,.- "Yorkshire Post" thinks that the Australian Minister for Trade and Cue triy« CMr. H. E. Pratten) is too optimis- tic in his reference to the probable re orouae of British manufacturers to the invitation to start branch factories in Australia. It says: "There is a feeling in industrial circles that Australia, for the time being," would be better advised to develop the purchases of British manufac- turer«. Industrialists are most willing to rareiully examine the prospects of cetab liahing Australian branch factories, but »Id Mr. Pratten that the necessary long credinv cannot be obtained at present. THJ result of the recent Commonwealth ¡ecu 'j regarded as ominous for those rrvkiij,- further credits for Australian en t«! prices, and there are doubts whether />-.!r,tlio's rate of immigration will war rant"- the immediate building of branch factories at the heavy Australian first costa." , . BUTTER MARKET. Trade in Australian and New Zealand butters has been disappointing during the past month, chiefly owing to heavy sup- plies of European descriptions. The pro- duction of Europe has been maintained to the, flush point much longer than usual. Owing to heavy rains, Germany has not taken her normal share of Danish butter, rwulting in heavier shipment to London. It is interesting to note that Denmark forestalled speculations b;r a recent Act, compelling casks to be stimped with the date of manufacture, thu'J enforcing the immediate marketing of Australian and Nea- Zealand. Howev.r, the bottom of the European supplies, was touched this week, and began to show a reduction all round. The stocks in the cold stores are below those of last year, and the outlook for the immediate future presents a health- ier aspect. Tl> i wool sales revealed the sound stand .¡ii of raw material. The home trade was tim largest buyer, taking 56,700 bales, com- piled with 49,600 by the Continent. Nevertheless, the manufacturing end of the trade is tar from satisfactory, there being far too much standing machinery. This condition of affairs has been so prolonged i '.bat it has given rise to a search for a I heroic^ remedy. Correspondence in the Yorkshire Press shows the growing opinion tint the industry needs reorganisation in ! tlu direction of collective action. It is the burdened multiplicity of small firms which is sending up the costs by frequent handlings of goods, and numerous profits Viseen the raw material and finished fthrics. The combination of all processes ander a single management, collective ad- vertising, and search for trade, is being ;uih entially advocated. 