SETTLERS FOR AUSTRALIA MR. Q. C. MORPHETrS VIEWS. ? After a 12 months', absence. Mr. George C:* Morphett, Chairman of directors of 'Amscol,' returned to South Australia on Sunday by the Orviefo. Mr. Mornhett nafl' an ' honorary commission from the Government to enquire into daiiying in dustry conditions abroad,' and he hopes that his observations in Africa,' Britain, and Denmark may prove of value to his fellow-dairymen- ; 'I was in London during the general strike,, and was- much impressed by the Bteady, good-tempered manner in which the people grappled with the crisis,' he ?aid. 'The innate 'love of law and order and sporting sense of fair play engendered by-.icenturitt- of. history and tradition, KWchare.so characteristic of Englishmen, will. -I feel sure, prove more than ade quate to upset the underground machina tions of Soviet .Communism. Mr. Brace's visit -to England has done a great deal to help Australia, both financially and politically, while the policy-of the immi gration of British settlers is being sal vanized into life by Mr. Gepp. The suc cess . of the Empire . Conference, in my opinion. .waflJn a, 1mt».' measure due to MmS^'^'^ - l e Au8trali»n Prime „ ??: Visit to, Denmark. Mr. Morphett visited Denmark, under theaeais of the Danish Minister of Agri mn^S' €j fpnni^at *ne Danes 'were well-educated, hard- working. level-headed and very happy. A feeling was general m Denmark that as settlers in Australia they were regarded in this country as 'undesirables.' They were essential?? the type of mwant Australia was in need of and were preferable to the southern Ruropenns' that were pouring into 'the Commonwealth. He failed to understand why the Latin races were allowed irigress so easily while the Dane was made to feel ff-W-.O; WS return «o Lond«, he had discussed the position with Mr. Brace who informed him that Australia's Unty SS *l p'tlsl1 Ret'eD1ent. and to that £i e. Government -at present did not 'feS011 WM due to »*«^ Hnon^Iot''riI!ff. '? Great Briiain. x£t ™° ^etij'.?ItreP'--t to th- noTern. ?mmm 