From Various Sources, HOVERS' LATEST CRAZE. WEDDINGS AT SEA. Bv A FORMER SHIP'S OFFICER. Wedding, going-away, honeymoon— «verythins at sea! More and more does the romance of such an arrangement appeal to young couples, and every juar there is an increase in the number at marriages celebrated aboard. ?Miss Nora Bayes was married (for the fifth time) on the 'Leviathan' in mid ocean, and the tartooriist, Mr. Bud FiEher, was an ocean bridegroom. _ Last year on Atlantic boats that the United States Shipping Board ordered their captains to celebrate no more marriages. . Usually, ocean weddings come about by . choice rather th.in design. Three English giris crossed the Atlantic as second-class passengers to meet their future husbands. who held positions in New York. When the brides-e!e:t reached that- city they, were not allowed to land, because they were unaceompjuied. Not wishing to return to England, they went, with the matron of the immigration bureau, to the City Hall, where they obtained marriage licenses. Skipper as Best Man. Returning to the ship they were joined by the husbands-elect, and three weddings took place in the second-class passengers' library. The couples subsequently formed ? -cClfl . Already married. a club; and agreed to meet every year. No less remarkable was the love drama of a couple of elopers who were making for New York as fast as a crack British liner could carry them. Suddenly a hor rible thought occurred to the man. Sup posing the girl's father should send a message! After spending an anxious night; he consulted the captain, who proved himself a good friend. Through his influence, a minister among the passengers made the runaway couple man and wife in mid-ocean, the skipper acting as best man and the surgeon giv ing the bride away. In honor of the \- event the commander gave a wedding breakfast and led the merrymaking. A romantic wedding was celebrated dur ing a Mediterranean tour. When the boat was a day or two out a couple, both British, met on deck for the first time, and a week later a minister on board mar ried them. The bride was Riven away by the first officer, and in the evening a daiioe was held on the saloon deck. Crossing the Line. There should have been a similar wed ding as a ship crossed the Equator, but it had Uy be postponed. An Irishman and an English widow of twenty-three besome acquainted during a holiday cruise, and under the shadows of Pompeii, with ihe dazzling Italian sky overhead, they arranged to be married as the ship crossed the line. There was no difficulty about getting somebody to celebrate the cere mony, as an archdeacon 'on board offered his services. For some reason, however, the. captain was not sympathetic, and the wedding had to be postponed, though it did take place at sea. In connection with some ocean wed dings, Cupid plays strange pranks. Two . or three years ago a young woman left Liverpool for New York, there to join and be married to a man she had known from childhood. Short as the voyags is, it was long enough for her to fall in love with another man, marry; him, and step ashore at New York, a wife of two days! Her old lover met her, end there was a distressing scene. It is unnecessary to go far from our shores to witness weddings at sea. Many holiday-makers must have seen a small steamer, such as a tug, at a time when, unknown to them, a marriage was taking place aboard. Three Miles Out. The scene is usually just outside terri torial waters on' the north-east coast, and the parties are, as a rule, Scandinavians Some years ago a Norwegian couple liv ing in Sunderland, wishing to marry under the laws of their native land, chartered a tugboat and put out to sea with a large party. 'When their craft was outside the three-mile limit, and therefore beyond Bri ish jurisdiction, a Scandinavian pastor celebrated ^he wedding, which was regis tered by the Norwegian Consul. Another Scandinavian couple could not inarry in England because they had not acquired Tcsider.tial qualification. The bridegroom, who was the captain of a steamer, hired a - tug, and he and . bis promised wife steamed beyond the three mile limit, where they were married by a Danish pastor. 'Afterwards- they left for ' Seaham -Harbor, where the captain's 4- steamer lay. While these weddings are mostly pecu liar to the'' north-east coast, some have taken place from Swansea and other ports: If 'they do not conform to the average' bride's idea of the chief event of her life, tb.gr save time and, more important still, avoid legal complications, . _f_,- ? . 