NEWS FROM EVERYWHERE AT A GLANCE It is elated tliat Japan has decided to float loans In • 1928 to the ex tent- of 600,000,000- yen, 250,000,000 yen of "which will- be for the redemption of old loans. • Cabinet has decided .to econo mise to the extent of 30,009.000 yen on. expenditure - for the "fiscal .year The •Finance Minister still msie's tliat the reduction of the Budget is. insufficient to meet - the reduced income ■ from taxation in 1928." ; . : \- The .late .Mr. James C. Marshal of Dune'din, has left English personality valued at ""£40,374. He bequeathed £2,500 each to his ohaffeur, the chauffeur's wife, and testator's maid. ', The handsome chair presented by the Canadian Government to the Parliament of Australia, for the use of the President of the Senate, was placed in position in the Senate Chamber on October 13. A well-known German sportsman, Herr Fritz Von Opel, last week, while steering a motor boat in which lie recently won a world -record, whizzed in a local race at 824 miles an hour, chasing a low flying 'plane. , Air Pilot Schlinger, standing in the bow of the motor boat, grasped a rope which was dangling from the''plane, climbed up into the 'plane, and then re turned into the motor boat, which was travelling at top speed throughout. The High Commissioner for Now Zea land (Sir James Parr) has completed a week's tour of Nottingham, Derbyshire, and Leicestershire to further reciprocal trade, especially in dairy produce. Those areas are the strongholds of Danish but ter and bacon sales. Sir James was greeted as a son of Nottingham, because his father was born in an adjoining vil lage. He said he had been surprised to find that foreign butter aiid cheese were preferred, while New Zealand's pr>:lucts were stocked in very few shops. Aus tralasia. bought from Great Britain more •than"North and South America aid Wes tern Europe put together. The Mayor of .Indianapolis, John L. Duvall, • has been, convicted of hiving violated the. State corrupt practices'law. He was sentenced to 30 days in jail and waB fined 1,000- dollars and. was disfran chised for four years. DuvalFs' lawyeijs immediately appealed -to the" State' Su preme Court,- thus staying execution of the- sentence - and permitting- Duvall his freedom on -bail. The Defence Department has been.- en-, gaged.in extending and .making inore" efti cient the munitions factory at. Maribyr norig and is hopeful that soon Australia, will be able to manufacture an adequate supply »of. its own guns, shells, and am munition. A complete plant is installed at Maribyrnong, ..and shortly the first 18-pqunder field gun and ' carriage will he completed. After that the coustructnn of'4.5 howitzers will be begun. ' At.Los Angeles the convex'" - -p. the American Federation of Labour carried a proposal to grant immediate independence to the Philippines.' The convention also approved of the exclusion of further Asiatic migrants to the United States.. When the sister of Bartolomeo Vanzetti, arrived at Cuneo, his birthplace, carrying an urn containing. his ashes, the bishop of the diocese refused Christian rites at the interment, because Vanzetti always boasted that hie was an Atheist. The last words of Vanzetti the electric, chair were "Long live anarchy!" A message from Taihoku, Formosa, states that native hcadhunters at nighttime en tered a small native village near the town and beheaded the only Japanese police man, and escaped with his head. The special subcommittee of the Empire Marketing Board, of which Mr. F. L. Mac Dougall (Australia) is Chairman, recom mends the systematized study "of agricul tural economics, and the preparation of agricultural atlases. It urges upon the Empire Governments the need for co operating in a projected world agricultural census.—Cable from London. -Boris Gowerda, the young, student who murdered^ M. Voitofi, the . .Russian Ambassador to Poland, to. August, and was Benteheed' to: imprisonment, hiis'.beeh given .'permission - by:-thej authorities. to study , in . bis . cell for the. degree of Bachelor' of Arts. ' Recalling King George's ; surprise last year at -the fact that the Government was using foreign ■ typewriters, as the result.of which orders have since been placed in Britain for Government typewriters, Sir -Ernest -Jardine, Chairman " of Barlock's, Limited, announces;-that. New ■- Zcalanjl will. place future contracts with , his firm. The value of the orders is estimated- at £54;000 a year.—London cable." \ ..The. Canadian National Conservative Convention, in session at Winnipeg, adopted an immigration resolution pro viding for the- exclusion .of Asiatics. The French President (51. Doumer^'it-l. !•; unveiled a marble plaque in the Pari.®. Pantheon, commemorating 560 writers who were killed in the war. They Incl -i.le Americans, Belgians, and Spaniards. M Herriot, ju a speech, deelared"The' real tomb of the dead is the heart of the ltv- j ing-" . A world's draughts record has been es tablished by Samuel Cohen, the 20-years old English champion, who played 10} simultaneous games, making 71 wins, 31 draws, and only two games lost. Baron Gravenrcuth's historic home, Castle Afling, near Augsburg, was destroyed by fire on Sunday, while the baron was giving a hunting party. Many persons were .caught in the burn ing building. Five deaths resulted, and 10 people were seriously injured. The results of the Norwegian general election are not yet complete, but present indications are that.a Labour victory is likely. 