SETTLERS FOR AUS TRALIA. ITALIAN IMMIGRATION DEPRE CATED. After an absence of 12 months, Mr. George C. Morphett, chairmon of directors of "Amscol," returned on Sunday by the Orvieto. Mr. Morphett had an honorary commission from the Government to en quire into dairying icdiistiy and be hones that his observations in Africa, Britain, and Denmark may prove of value to his fellow-dairymen. "I was in London during the general strike, and was much impressed by- i—: steady good-tempered manner in wiiich the peoalo granted with the crisis," lie said. ' "The love of lair and order and sport ing senco of fair *.-iy engendered by cen turies of tradition, whioh are ?o charac teristic of Englishmen will, I :eel sure, nrove more than adequate to uptvt the i underijToand machinations of Sovicusm Mr. Brucc's visit to England has done a great deal to help Australia both tiuan ciaily and politucally. and the poli.\v- of migration nf BriUfh settlers is boinz galvanised into h:e by Mr. Gcjip. The success of the Empire Conference, in ciy j opinion, was in a lar£? measure due to | the wide vision of the Australian l'riaic Minister." j Mr. Morphett visited Denmark under : the aegis of the Danish Minuter of Agri- j culture. He found thit the Danes, too, were well educated, hardworking, level headed and characteristically happy. A ieel-jiS via general in Denmark that as settlers in Australia they were ir>—--!cd in this country a* ''undesirable." They were essentially the kind of peonlc Aus tralia was in need of and were preferable to the Southern Europeans, who were pouring into the Commonwealth. He laiied to understand ".vhy the Latia r-;-e= were allowed ingress so easily while tL? Dane was made to feel uuwelcome. On his return to London he had discussed the Ti.jsitioa with Mr. Bruce, wiio in foimcd him that Australia's duty to Britain was to assist her by tlie promo tion of British sc-tllcmeut. and for that reason the Government did lio'- desire to give encouragement to other i;ations. As an instance of the rate at wbicii Southern Europeans wore eureiin? Auslialia. Mr. Mornhctt aientioncd thai, tlie steora?e of tie Onieto was ciowded with them, and while tiie mailboat was at Xar.les he saw another larce rontingent on the I:al:an inuni^raut (-li:p Resica d'ltttlii, which wss due to reach Sydney in Feb ruary. Speakins c-* nis impressions of Eng land Mr. Morphett. said its verdant beauty enthralled the visitors from overseas. "Even in Kr-ic?, when tae trees are all leiiless," be said, "'the scenery in the London parks is wonderful. The Jfcw Foi<st in Haninpshire and toe Wye Val ley. with its hillfide? a mass oi -virple hyacinth, cannot be adequately described. I I wa? privileged to motor 10.000 miles through England, Walcv and Scotland, md each day was a delijrht." Mr. Morphett will report to the Government on the Danish ?ystem of co-oporation, which he pay>s is true co-operation in every sense and not merely a limited liability li.nn ri company, sueii &a; is usual in Aus tralia and whK'h is too often preyed upon through the shortsightedces? oi its mem bers. 