Uncle Wiseman Looks Around Sheep and Boiling Bore Water-Herd Testing and Men-j !» . rHas the Rural School Been a Success? a g/ Knowledge That Goes to Waste -O) I was talking this week with Mr. Colin Bell, of Wcstlgnds, Q.— u son of the late Sir Joshua Peter Bell, the owner of Jlmbour— and we fell to discussing the peculiarities of Bhcep. [ mentioned tho way sheep will work unu boro drain, the water getting? hotter and hotter, until they reach the outflow, whore, in many bores, the water is almost boiling. Here the sheep will drink contentedly,' '-'I wonder where, and why ; sheep havo developed this taste for boiling water?' I asked. ' ' ' ? ; 'Well,' said Mr. Bell, 'I think that you ore wrong in supposing that the -heep have developed a touts for boiling water, as you put it,- Tholr working up the boro drain is merely their old instinctive desire to work to tho head of the stream, to ensure themselves a clean drink— just as cattle will graze into tho wind to get away from the dust.' Thero, of courBO, was tho explana tion. One has but to think n moment to realise that Mr. Bell was right, and yet — with a. lot of stock experience behind me— that explanation had not occurred to mo, Herd Testing Improves the Farm Hand, Too. 'I'll tell you what,' he sat.i to me as we eat at the rlngsldo and saw the marvellous Illawarra Milking Shorthorns being Judged at the Bris bane Itoyal, 'this herd tostlng im proves more than the herd. My ex perience Is that it Improves tho men, too. I havo neighbours' who took as little'. Interest In tholr cows as their cows took In tho immigration and Development Commission. They .,.^.J 1.....11..M 4l*nlH LnMlll.. IIHiIaIiIhH IlbltlbVU LtmullU bllUll IIVI UB— TOUIHIIIIIK the milk 'every day, and testing ono day a month— and I toll you, it has made now men of them. They see their job in a new light. Tho mero writing up and discussion of the yields, day by day, haa stimulated tho Interest of my neighbour and his family.' 'If he lino men employed on the dairy it will buck them up, too,' I said, 'Of course it has I' said my acquaintance, 'It has worked wond ers, Ono of his men Is as Interested as If ho owned the cows.' i Which Is a little story, with a moral, and the moral Is this: If you would havo men take an Interest in their work thoro muse bo somothlng In the work to intorost them. A Hint fa liio*UrMlah Cattleman. An enthusiastic cattleman Is Mr. Jack Tannor, In charge of the stud stock department of Wlnchcombo, Carson's, nnd secretary of tho Aber deen Angus Herd Mook, Ono of his pot subjocts Is tho Warble Fly, the tegulntlons drained lo exclude which provont the Importation of cattle from England during curtain montlts In' the your. Mr, Tanner wnnts tho regulations brought In line with com mou-Hcnxn, but it would «ccm from ngtiros made available recently, that It would lint be a serious IhihIiichu tot fJreat Britain to rid herself of tho post altogether, Thr lots thoro Is iorrlflc, Hides aro dnmavod, ra'.llo ate worried, cows full off in yluld, meat is injured, Tho dumnge done In ho sivnll n country ns Denmark wan £27fi,UuO In n twelve-month, The dlfllculty In dealing wilh the fly, which- In easily killed, is to get farmers to net to gothoi'. By the first Danish law 124,000 out of tho 100,000 herds In tho country woro flood from the fly. With this encouragement, a f t'lTor law was panned almost Immodlntely, An a rnniilt. the percontnges of hides damaged has fallen as follows! — l(ii!2, 20 por cont.l 102:1, 15 pnr cent.; 1D2-1, 'IS por cent. | 1025, 'I por cent, Last yoar another law was p«H««nH, Tho hnio Is that by 1030 no warble fly will lie left. H:iH The ltural School Uocu a Buccess? - ' I sou , thai tho Minister for Kdu cation doubts tho value of tho Rural School, an wo have coma tn call tho school where boys uro taught saddlo. ranking und a bit of plumbing, and, perhaps, tho testing of milk nnd cream. Woll, no do 1, Th'i first tiood of tho boys nnd girls n the country is the development nf thol.' wits and worth. The children who nro to romnln In tho country nonl. evon moro than town children, nn education In those things that are nnl directly concerned' with tho earn Ir.g of u living, They need whnt someone has called 'mental cultiva tion,' They notid to bo taught straight thinking and quick thinking, There Is n need to cultivate In them an In terest In tho progress of their coun try, In tho progress of tho world, In tho new Inventions that moan greater opportunities, I told a story last week about a man who had just read Well's Outline of HlBtory. I should like to see every boy and girl taken through that en thralling book, page by , page. I would rather niy grandchildren wore taken through that book than that they be taught how to mend a hamc, useful as Is that accomplishment. ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦ Knowledge That Gocu to Wartc. It was li country road, und the traveller!) were approaching a little township. There were two travellers —ono a thick-set man in the late fifties, the other a tall, thin chap ten years his junior. They were on a walking tour to. rid themselves of the anxieties of tho city. As they drew into the townphlp, the travellers espied : a' little shop which bore tho signs/Soft drinks. Tho two men looked at each other and smiled. They were hot and tired, and a long lemon squash seemed like u gift from tho gods. The quaint, little old woman who kept the shop was sorry, but she had no lemons, : Ginger beer, yea? Horo hound, perhaps? _ 'Nn lemons?' ouerled tho short, thick-Bet man. 'Why, 1 siw three troes In your gnrdon as I came along — surely you con find two lemons on them?' 'No, Sir, I'm sorry, but tho trees Is dyln1. Mr, Thomas says us 'ow wo can't savo 'cm, Sir.' 1 Tho short, thick-set mun snorted In much tho snmo wuy iib a horse when ho sees a new culvert on the road. WHO VUe uuuuv I' '' ? mviHMp, May I go and havo n look at the trees 7 'Why, certainly, Sir, If youso Is as Interested in thorn us uli that, you can.' So tho short,: thick-set man Btrodc out of tho back door of thu shop and down Into tho garden. After n little wltllo ho returned, carrying a few twigs, a few leavos and ono solitary lemon. ... 'And this Mr. Thomas who said that you couldn't savo tho trees— what is his bualnoss?' ho naked. 'Mr. Thomas? Don't you know Mr, Thomas, him thut hus tho vino yurd 'long o' Lacroon?' Sho looked at the two men with astonishment. Such Ignoramuses! Not know Mr. Thomas! 'Mr. Thomas known everything about otchnrdin', ho doc». Ho said tho lemon trceB couldn't live because tholr routu was down In tho day,' 'Madamo, como horo!' said tho short, thick-sot man. lln took the twig nf tho trco and rubbed hla nail nlong It, OIT enmo ocnlo and dirt an eighth of nn Inch thick. 'Mndnme, thnt la nurplo, mUEsel scaio aim u is tho scolo that Is killing your troo* becnuBii you haven't kept them clean,' 'But, Mr, Thomas sulil us 'ow ? ' 'I don't euro a dump about Mr. Thomas, Mndamo. Your tioca nio dvlng liocnuso thoy waul dcunlng. You would die, too, If you let youi body got iui dirty u» you have iilluwud this troo to become Oh, you can look shocked, Get mo a miw und mix me a bucket of whltowtish und I shall save thoiro trees.' Whon tho saw was produced— us It wus mighty quickly, for tho llttlo, old woman had some doubts of tho aanlly of hor Btrango cuiitomor— things bo; gnn to happen, Eueh troo wan pruned so hard back that only throe main branches woro lufl, und oven them were shortened buck, Whllo tho short, thlck-sot man-wan working with tho saw, tho tall, thin man was untying tho whitewash, and whon the lull, thin mint hud caught up on tho work of hln friend, tho friend wns back In the shop, explaining to tho little, old woman tho value uf Mr. Thomas us n guldo and friend, That ovonlng na the two Iravellom sat on tho vornndnh of u good hotel In the noxt town, tlm smoke from tholr plpos rising In rings nnd curls, the tall,1 thin ono mndp a remark. ? 'You know, old man,' ho hum, 'If the Agricultural Department had half n doiion mon Ilko you, und told thorn to do ns you did for thnt old damo, this afternoon, I believe thnt thoy would work wonacrs on our Kor' answer the short, thick-set man gnmtod und Hnldi 'Very pos sibly.' . 