THE YEOMAN RURAL TOPICS. PURTIIER useful falls of rain liavc occurred throughout (he whole of Victoria, and the wheat areas in. par ticular have greatly benefited thereby. In cases where the crops were not too far gone a good recovery lias been made, but unfortunately many of tlip crops in the Malice areas had "definitely failed before the rain. Ever, in tlie worst rases the positiou has greatly improved, and there will be Some wheat to harvest. In other districts' prospects are again bright. Heavy rains in Gippsland and the north-cast, in con junction with a rapid mcltiug of snow waters, have caused the rivers to rise rapidly, and much low-lying country has been flooded. Prospects ir- the dairying districts are satisfactory, and most of the" herds arc in full profit. THE "Economist," which lias often directed attention to the inadequacy of British statistics regarding produc Toodyay, Western Australia, the centre of a prosperous pastoral and agricultural district. tion, commerce, ami the national wealth, publishes • an imjKH'tant sup-, plemeut giving the result of a recent imjuiry by Sir. G. D. Roheling rela tive to the degree of national prosperity in the lost, eight years. . ilr. Kokeling first made an index of production based on tin; volume of the raw material worked up by industry, the consumption of coal, and the number of productive workers. Then be combined this with an index of the net real income from foreign investments. Jle divided the resulting figures by the index population 111 on]or to give an index ot tlio real national income per capita. Tims com plied, Mr. llokeling's index iimnliors of the national . prosperity for the years from 1020 to 1027 respectively work out. at 101, 77, SO, OH, 100, 100, 01. ami 105. TDK Canadian Department of Innnigiu tion is considering ;i proposal for the settlement of 20,000 British families on t'anailian farms for a period of 10 years. It is nnilerslooil that the settlers will he rerpiiroil to possess agricultural training. The project will be curried out on the basis of the recommendations of Lord Lovat, ruder Secretary of State for the Dominions, who conferred with inunigra tiou ollieaals during his recent visit. The proposal is the provision of 5,000 cot tages for now settlers tin til tlicy have accumulated a.small amount of savings and have acquired Canadian farm experience. Then they will lie provided with farms which, it is expected, they nil] pay for iu a period of 30 years at tin interest of 0 per cent. The Canadian Government will issue land bonds at an interest of 44 or 5 per ttoiit. secured upon land which will be purchased for resale, or settlers' bonds guaranteed by the British Government as to principal and interest. The immigra tion Minister (Mr. l'Wke) is now in Western Canada. ON behalf of the Society for the Propa gation of the Gospel, the Itov. if. K. Hyde is conducting a campaign to raise £20,000 to recruit 10 priests to tube charge of the spiritual after-care of settlers in (he new wheat belt of Western Australia. The society hag engaged four priests, each of whom has been guaranteed £200 towards his stipend for five years, £200 for a nudnr cur, and £150 towards a house. T1IP statement made by Dr. Page at Can berra concerning the falling off in Cus toms revenue has prepared the way for the smaller trade figures for July and August as now . supplied by the Customs depart merit. Tu .August imports amounted to £ 12,589,9:17, against £15,037,120 for the same month last year, a contraction of nearly £2,500,000. Most of it is traceable to the reduced importations of softgoods and of metals, manufactures, and machin ery. Together they represent a decline" of more than £1,500,000. There was also a substantial falling off- in arrivals of un dressed timber, drugs, and chemicals, rubber goods, and animal foodstuffs. Exports were £7,309,323, against £8,511,457 for August, 1928. Shipments of butter were larger, and those of wheat more closely ap proximated the despatches for August, 1928, tliau had generally been assumed to be the case. A considerable increase occurred iu the quantity of sugar 6cnt .away. Ex ports of bides and shins were on a more extensive scale, and about the same value of scoured and greasy wool was shipped. THE counting of rotes. in the ballot j for the cstatblisbment of a butter pool in New South Wales has been completed. The affirmative vote was 59.0 per Cent.; a two-thuds majority was required. The totals \vqre:-»-Yes, .0,314; No, 0,311. Jn Hie All)itry district the voting was:—Yes, J!); No, 4!). In the 'Wagga district the allinna tive vote Mas 38 and the negative vote 78. Uetnnis for Alonaro Mere '2S in -favour of llie pool ainl 5 against it. AY important modification of the nival workers' award lias licen made by the Hoard of Trade and Arbitra tion (Queensland) by excluding from its_ operation the fruitgrowing dis trict. of iStanlhnrpe. The fruitgrowers of Stanthorpo, who supply Brisbane with dwiduoiiK fruit whieli will not grow on lower altitudes in this State, had a poor season last year, and this was taken intc eonsideralion hy the hoard in making its determination. The hoard stated that most employer's .were themselves manual workers, nho toiled .from daylight to dark, bill were still nnahle to earn the | equivalent of the statutory living Mage. It Mas eloar that fruitgrowers were una hie to pay the statutory wage, and as it was not within the power of the Court to award a smaller wage the only eourse open was to exempt Slaiithojpe fruitgrowers alto gether'front the award. TlIK annual conferenee of the Bettor-. Farming Association will he held at Onyen from Oetobor II to 13. It Mill be ollicially opened by the Minister for Agri eultnre iAfr. Slater), who "ill later inspect areas at Onyen and Swan Hill which have been suggested as suitable sites for a pro iwsed experimental station in Alallee farm Jig. A Y15SH1KK eattle are soiling well ill the Oippslund district, ajul breeders also report, a strong interstate demand. The Seotswood breeder, Mr. A. 11. S. Sehier. recently sold to Air. M. Foley, of Bushy Park, Mnffra, the high-class breeding bull •Seot.swood Bondsman (11377) by his siiccoss ful prize-winning sire Bellboy of Onkhank. The dam of the hull is his champion show cow Baltic of liiverlcigh, holder of a Co venuuent certificate as a standard test cow, and winner of many lirsl champion priy.es at leading <!ippslaiid shows, includ ing the (liaudler 10 guinea cup at Oalyston •Show. Air. t'. Tucker. of Homelea. AiatlVa, purchased from (lie same breeder another line hull, Seotswood Advocate, which is a grandson of Air. Sobier's load; jug butter-fat- eow, Adcllu's Pet of Inver loigli. I'ndor the Victoria tl (.'ovcrimieiit testing scheme this, eow produced 4771b. fat in "-73 days. Seotswood Advocate's dam is a daughter of llellhoy of OakbauU. and a (Jovoi niiient. certiticate holder, ard his sire is Federal of Wairook, ;1 bull with Jiigh Imtlcr-fat produeeis and prizo-win ning animals in his pedigree. .Sales of hulls made bj' Air. Scliier dining Slmw week inebided Seotswood Fanner, to Air. d. Parberv, of Bega (N.S.W.k Seotswood Alei ton, to Air. 11. Supple, I old stream; Seotswood Pearl's Probable, to Air. \V. T. Mitchell, Rothnnga Park, Wodonga: SVotswood Myra's Jamie, (o Mr. CI. Itlrmo, llingimvarri. OX :i visit to Llie wool-producing Do minions, Dr. .1. K. Nichols passed through Fromantlo (W.A.) on Oct 2 .111 tlie Onicto. lie is travelling to Sydney, where lie will begin an Australian tour which will be ' completed after an interruption of two months, during which he w ill visit New Zealand. Dr. Nichols is attached to the Jlritisli J'eseareh Association for the Woollen and Worsted Industry. fyO, urge that the Jlendigo freezing works . be reopened immediately a large deputa tion of graziers and others from Ucndigo and the northern districts interviewed the Premier (Mr* Hogan) last week. Mr. TTogan intimated that the question would depend entirely on the fate of the bill which was being introduced to Parliament. Mr. W. Wallace (representing several northern agricultural societies) said that the northern areas were carrying the greatest number of fat sheep and lambs since 1910, and the existing works and utilities were unable to cope with tiie production. Marketing conditions overseas had not been so favourable since the jcar preceding the establishment of the works at JJcndigo, and very serious losses would accrue to ilio producers if the works were not reopened. The. rains would prolong the season, and lie hoped the Ministry would iiiiuiediatoly take slops to have the works prepared for ope rations. 'J'o wait for the passage of the bill which was to come before Parliament would mean a sojious delay. AT a parly meeting last week the Ka tionalist members of the Legislative Assembly received a letter from .Mr. Tinnbiill, former Stair- president of the ]>etimiod Soldiers' League, protesting against provisions of the J'ural Jta.uk Jtill. ,Mr. Turnluill is a member of the ejut iniitee which is preparing the league's F home maintenance hrca proposal for etib mission to 1 lie Ministry. He informed the Nationalist parly that the league was strongly opposed to the transfer of the affairs of soldier settlers to the proposed rural haul;. OP. the \enr 10211 the trustees of the 1-iein-e and Indus-try Endowment Fund have made .CI,.100 available loi grants to persons engaged in scientific rosea Mi. The trustees stale that the amount, though an ineio.ise on that provided last year, is still small, and will not permit any large pay ments to individuals. The grant was in tended for proved workers and not for be ginners. IN the last 12 mouths there has been a marked io<iease in the demand for refrigerated space ou steamers sailing from Sydney for Canadian ports. One 'if the reasons is said to be the operation of'the trade treaty and the greater demand in Canada for Australian butter and frozen beef and mutton. The increased purchases by Canadians of Aus tralian beef and mutton arise from the prevalence of foot and mouth disease in the Argentine, causing the United States to draw upon Canada for supplies. The production of butter in Canada lias de creased in recent years, farmers finding ■ it more profitable to grow wheat. To meet, the demand of-Australian shippers the Canadian-Australian line is spending approximately £12,000 in providing re frigerated space for an additional 400 tons of cargo on the Niagara, which will have a refrigerator capacity of 1,000 bins. CLAIMING that as a returned soldier he should receive preference iu the nHot mciit of a block of land near Rusliwortb, John Laurie, a returned soldier, bns made a successful appeal to the Closer Ti'ettlemout Board against a recommendation that the land should he allotted to Charles Gustav\ son. The bloc!: had previously been allotted to two returned soldiers who later surrendered it. Many applications were made for it when it was kuown that it was available for roallotment, and the Closer Settlement Board recommended that it be allotted to Gustavsou. Members of the Closer Settlement Board spent nearly a whole day in considering the matter, and it was decided that although Laurie did not hold a qualification certificate, his appeal should be upheld, and that he should be recommended for the bloelr. THE London agency of the Dairy Pro? . duce Export Board reports that the Loudon market for butter has been very ;, quiet last week. It is thought that buyers are clearing purchased stocks in . readiness L for new season's butter. If distributers bold _ Btocks firmly, it. is expected that useful business will be done in the next i'J days.::.5, Danish butier is quoted at 19(5/ a cwt.," New* Zealand ISO/ to 1S4/, salted "Kan- • gnroo" 170/ to 174/, and fust-grade Austra-V lian butter 10S/ to 170/ a cwt. The retail.-" price of Danish butter is 1.11 a lb., and that" of Empire butter 1/10 a lb. Unsold Aus-'/ tralian eonsiguiuents aggregate .10,000 boxe.C' The cheese market is very sfow, New Zen-" land cheese being quoted at 110/ to 112/ a cwt., and Australian 108/ to 110.'. The retail price of cheese is 1/2 a lb. FOUR im-hes of lain have fallen at" Bright since October 1. The Ovens and Buckland i-ivcrs are running now at a greater food height than at any period during the winter, and fears have been ex pressed that the ,low-lying laud around Wangaratta will bo Hooded. Many crops of «>:its and wbent ai"e partially submerged at Tuw.mga. '('be low-lying" land is one sheet of water, and graziers have been forced to remove their stock to a more secure position. 'J"hc Bright-Onico road was practically free of snow 'until Thursday, uhen a heavy fall was experienced, a bliz zard completely blocking the _ higliway against all traffic. Such conditions have never bom experienced hero during any October. 