LONDON LETTER. LONDON, June SI. Thb cdntrovei-Hy around tho puk gcstlim tlmt III,. Importation of fiuulh American chilled beef should bo pru IiidiumI in thut (onn is still going on, wltli nj pronpect of an early soule unini rtr cl««3U-m. ? Tlio Govern ment, hon-cver, U as nllcnt n» uie Sphinx, und In obvloUHly dlHlncllnod lo bo drawn Into a controversy thut could not bring It am- glory in tho rycH of tho tnaiiHCK ol tlio pcoplu. The simple truth is that although 'foot aud mouth dlscaRe 1r ever present In Argentine, tho volume of trade in elillled beef In no great, nnd the nveraco quality ut II is so pood, thnt no Government dare incur the odium of stopping elillled beuf or Inslntlng upon lt» being frozen, In view or Inc. shoi-t.-igo In oiner pans of tho world of rtllch beef us pleiiH'-h the British palate. To plr-aso lil'llixli and Oomltilun meat producers, the Uuvernnipnt did hiaco Itself up to c.\ -'hidlnc nil front) incut of Cnntinentul, lint. fNcvut for Dutrh and Danish people, that was almost a ni-gUnllile uuunllty. It Is a very different thins when wo aro ilenllnit with a supplj of beef wlilch many good Judges ih11 fer even to home-killed. Tin! in clusion of iliillcd Lcf would be un popular alike with the Government and tlio innn in thu strc-ct. Meanwhile some of tlio Argentine meat concerns aro considering the utrcngthenliiB of their position Iiotli UnsncluUy nnd conimf rclnlly . It jh rumored that tho Sniitlifleld nnd Argentine Xlcot company, tlio Rlvt-r I'lato Urltlsh and Conlinontal Mcnt Company, and tlio Companla Sau;*? menu are nbout to enter Into a busi ness understanding with the object of pooling percentages of shipping epacc, materially reducing tho cost of ex pansion, and obtaining a reduction In ceneral working expenses. If .an agreement wcro reached tho indivi dual cxpensos of each company would lie matorlally reduced Inasmuch as an arrangement would be made for one factory to treat chilled beet, another frozen beef for tlio Continent, and o ? hlrd to slaughter for home consump tion, this eliminating numerous high ly paid employees and separato staffs. The Salvation Army announces *hat It has again becomo necessary to charter a special ship to cunvuv to Australia migrants selected by -hat organisation. Last October the White Star Liner Vedlo sailed from Liverpool with 650 migrants, bounu ror different states of the Common - wealth. So successful was that ven ture that tho Vedlc has been select ed to sail again with a shipload of Army-selected migrants. The call ing date Is October Cth next. Tiro hundred boys between the ages of 14 and Id, who are being; trained in elemenuu-y agrlculturo on the Salva tion Army'H farms at Hadlclgh. Es «qx, and 200 young women, going to domestic situations in Australia, are expected t» Havel in this ship. In an address to representatives of tho press at Andcrton's Hotel, Com missioner David Lamb, Director of -he Salvation Army Migration and Settlement Department, 6ttid that he regarded the question of Empire Set tlement as of more importance at the present time than anything else in the material world. In this country there were a million able bodied men and women seeking work and unable to nnd It. In addition thousands ot able bodied people wcro in receipt of poor relief. Pressure- of population was a world problem, and tho British Empire could not separate itself from tho rest ot the world. Six years ngo tho Empire Settlement Act was pas sed and {16,000,000 was available for migration schemes, but ' only £3,000. 1100 had been Bpent on them. He someUmes felt that If nono of the three political parties realised the Jmmonso Importance of thin question he would like to see a fourth party which would concentrate on Empire Settlement. In a recent address In Edinburgh to tho British Passenger Agents' Con ference, Ifr. Charles Wright said: 'The alien Invasion ot some of our overseas Dominions lately Is un doubtedly a menace and a danger to the British Empire. It Is too self evident to be lightly treated. ClsmuSa la nut alone In tlio imposition of ro Ktrictivo regulations. Australia and New Zealand also bavo regulations which chock Immigration. In their case tho preference .for British set tlers cannot bo questioned, although from a development point of view Hip numbers of Immigrated could be much larger.' - Amongst those who liavo recently reirlbtorcd at tho Queensland ' Govei - ment Office in London aro: Mr. 1). W. Hastlngn, Btatloner, of Towns vlllo (with Mrs. Hasting), Mr. C. 11. Tlce, Townsville, Mr. J. J. Macaulay Rockhampton. Mtb. S. Crow, Gyniplc, Miss J. ti. Ulunvllle, Mount Morgon. Mis. E.- Stntt. Gy-mplo, Mr. J. L. Q. Moran, charters Towers, Mr, and Mrs. J. A. McKle. llockhampton. tho Ilev. T. 10. Bird, Toowoomba, Mr. T. ]1. JarncH. Toowoomba, Mr. and Mrs. \V. Whelley, Nambour, Mrs. O. H. Smith, Kllcoy. Mr. and Mrs. Austin l-ll, sanagatc, Mr, J. \V. MncDonald, Uabinda, Miss E. M. Mackenzie, Jondaryan, Miss N. P. Glcndlnnlng, Toowoomba, Mr. W. T. Harris, Toowoomba, Mr. o. A. Warby. Munglndl and tho following from Brisbane: Mr. and Mrs. r. A. Hutton. Mr. 1). Hobs, Mr. and Mrs. 3\. II. Bell, Mr. A. J. Stronach. llr. and Mrs. Sidney Webb, Mr. P. J. Symes. Mr. II. J. H. Henchman, Mrs. \V. Haff, Mr. John Fenton, Dr. and Mrs. J. .7. Luddy, Mr. R. ». Harhain, Mr. Nell Mackenzie, Mr. W. Knight, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. llcthcr lngton and Mr. C. Bowby. 