"SUCH MAGNITUDE." OUR DAI R VI NO INDUSTRY. " INCREASING ITS NATIONAL VALUE." Speech by Dr. Earle Page at P.P.U. Picnic. Oil Wednesday P.P.U. Day was in augurated on the Rchmond and Tweed, when P.P.U. members gathered at By ron Bay for the first annual picnic. There was an attendance of about 2000, and amongst those present in the happy throng were: — Dr. Earle Page (Federal Treasurer), Messrs. R. F. H. Green, M.H.R., J. A. J. Hunter, M.H.B., A. E. Budd, M.L.A., W. T. Missing- ham, M.L.A., p. Grant (general presi dent of the PJP.U.), F. H. Bartlett (president Kichmpnd District Council), K. Mitchell (president Tweed District Council'), and R. C. -Gibson (secretary .Richmond District). Mr. J. Lowe re presented. Gasino P.P.U. , An::ihspiring':address was delivered by. JDr; . Page; who ""said : ' M- Thedai'ryiiig industry Is one of the mosit?valuablo industries in the whole of the British Empire, from the fact that it brings an intensive rorm of set tlement, provides unrivalled opportufai- ties for home-making and for keeping families together when tne home is made, and that it can help materially the "redistribution of the population of the Empire. As an Australian indus- tr'y, its importance is apparent, whether it. is judged by its magnitude, by the character of its' product, -by the value of its export, or by its influence on social life. In magnitude it ranks as- one of the first industries in Australia. The dairy farms alone represent a capital of £125,000,000 expended -on their development and equipment, with an annual production of £45,000,000, of which £30,000,000 is for milk products. The ..butter and cheese, factories repre sent a capital outlay of £4,250,000, the annual value of the products of these factories is, over the last five years, nearly £23,000,000, the average annual production of butter for the last five years being 120,000 tons, of which two-thirds is consumed locally and one- third exported. On the farms no . less than 143,785 people are directly em ployed in the dairying industry. In the associated factories an aclditionel 5826 people are employed. This factory side of the industry in itself compares favor ably with nianj' of the big secondary industries in Australia. The dependents of this huge number employed in the dairying industry run into 500,000, while in addition,: it is no exaggeration to say that hundreds of tqwhs, of which Lisniore, Casino and Bangalow are tj-pes, entirely depend .upon- the dairy ing industry. Directly .and indirectly at£ least J j-ObOjOOO- people in Australia or 'one-sixth of our. total population — are dependent -upon the dairyhig indus try. The- product of the industry is carried -to i so" finished a _ state Ideally as to be" able to immediately consumed or exported in a state fit for imme diate eo'nsumptibnr Two-thirds of our product is consumed in Australia. One- third of our total production is ex ported in its final stage ready for. con sumption,, and is successfully competing with the rest of the world in quality, and price. In the 1927 London Dairy Show Australian butter secured first and third prizes and tied for the second prize with a Canadian factory. In the unsalted division Australia won the first, second and third prizes against both New Zealand and Canadian compe tition. This big exporting industry helps to pay for our development, bring ing back many millions of fresh capi tal annually to enable us to carry it 011\. - i"The manner in ' which the dairying industry is carried on makes it of great value to our national life. It is the industry 'par excellence' _ that keeps families together till the £ children— both boys and girls — have gTOwn to adult life. It seems to be the only industry in Australia that encourages tho growth of big families. It permits advanced parental ' control and long family association. It enables girls es pecially to remain at home and pro fitably fill in their time in a producing industry. As the industry is carried on in small areas a moderate capital enables many to become freeholders. This brings about intensive settlement and enables, a number of conveniences, such as telephones, to be installed at a reasonable cost, and it also permits of a fair amount of social life, It is especially adapted for opening up new country in pioneering districts by rea son of such a valuable - amount of pro duct being condensed in a small, easily handled -bulk. It ' is almost the only land industry that gives monthly regu lar returns and approximates farm con ditions to the regular wages ,and salary of city employment. ;. The. dairying industry is of importance to national life also, because its successful prose cution depends upon the practical, en- Jthusiahtic co-opelration of the dairy farmers and of the dairying communi ties. Australian dairying provides pro bably the highest example of co-ope ration in the world. In the. Paterson scheme for. the provision of a bounty on export "by means of a voluntary levy 100 per cent, co-operation has bqen secured. This co-operation in the dairying industry has been attained practically without Government assist ance, and lias enabled, tremendous re sults to be achieved with minimum in vestment of individual capital. Tlie co-operative factories possess probably tlie finest butter factories in the world, built out of their own resources and constantly kept up to date. .. Many fac tories costing up to £60,000 have been built by co-operative companies, which have only a very small share capital. Byron Bay Co-operative has a turnover of several millions with an insignifi cant capital of a few thousands. An industry of such magnitude, of such social value, " almost unique in . being able to compete'- on level terms with the finished product of; other countries. and whieh h'as striven so niiicli to help it self and put itself into its present posi tion, is entitled: to the support of the Government of Australia ; to assist its 'progress. The industry does not ask for Government interference with its methods of operation. The industry does request that Governmental assist ance shall be given in such ways as. will stimulate its progress and deve lopment by cutting down its cost of production and assure sufficient profits to enable obsolete methods, out-of-date buildings and inferior stock to bt scrapped, thereby creating a beneficial circle ot incroasing output and con tinually improving living conditions of those engaged in an industry of such vital importance. ' ' Tho Bruce-Page Government has re cognised these claims and has, in con sultation with the industry,, proceeded along the lines of a definite plan to increase the national value of the - in dustry l>v ensuring the greatest possible production. The nature of the steps taken are those deemed necessary from . a consideration of the problems facing . the industry. The supply ot. dairy pro ducts, like land . production.; generally, tends to be seasonable. : The consump- tion of these products, however, is con tinuous. Methods of covering the lean period of the year are necessary, there fore both in the interests of the con sumer aud the .producer. If no steps are taken the producer loses by the glut of thejproduet in-the flush of 'the season through low prices that are then- realised and the. great f; wastage that takes place," while the consumer loses :by the great scarcity and high prices in the lean period. To spread the sur plus of the flush period over the short age of the lean period requires organi sation and finance. As this action bene fits both tho producer and consumer, Jit is reasonable . that tne producer should be aided .to perfect that orgaui- , sation and machinery provided for fi nancing the regular and orderly mar keting of his produce.— . "The . arrangement -...'.of organisation and finance for orderly marketing of our butter p'oduction is complicated by the fact that one-third of our out put is sold in the export market, and the questions of home and export com merce and trade are dealt with by two different Governments." The State .Government controls internal trade and the Commonwealth Government exter nal trade and commerce. No. satisfac tory solution of the problem of mar keting can, however, be achieved with out viewing it as a whole. The Aus tralian Constitution makes it very diffi cult by Governmental action to com pletely cover the whole field, but the whole- hearted co-operation of the in dustry, and of the various States ean enable success to be "achieved. The-es- sentials to a satisfactory solution of the marketing problem in the dairying industry on which continuous produc tion depends are: — (1) Ability to spread the sale of our butter over the whole of the year. (2) Means of lifting off the.; local market the . weight of the export surplus to enable an Australian parity to be obtained for local sales and to prevent a depressed market when the flush season is on. (3) A high uniform standard of quality to command tlie best price. (4) Maxi mum production from the cow and mini mum costs of production generally. The progress of modern invention, backed by the co-operation of the farmers, and stimulated by Federal, and State Go vernment assistance, can enable all these essentials to bo attained. The refrigeration process and cold storage enable the butter to be kept consider able intervals. ' Winter dairying, or, at. any rate, an extension of the milk ing period through the assistance of .epiiserved fodder and special feeding can - also ibe; 6f great, value.' With re gard to the provision of cold storage, the Commonwealth Government, in the reeent re-constitution of the Common wealth Savings Bank, took steps to provide for advances to co-operative bodies on long terms' to permit the erection of . cool stores and factories with the object of Manufacturing and holding such a product as butter. "To assist the orderly and regular marketing, provision has also been made in the Rural Credits Department of the Comnioii wealth Bank for sub stantial advances up to 80 per cent, of market value to be made against pro duce—such as butter , held in ..store — to permit of regular monthly cheques to be paid by the factories to the suppliers awaiting sale. In addition, special provision has been made in the Dairy Produce Control"" Board consti tuted by the Commonwealth Govern ment to finance and control the whole question of the disposal of the export surplus. This body has now been iff existence for two years, and acts, in conjunction with a London agency with a view of regulating the export of but ter and cheese in order to secure the best possible return fo tho producer. It is elected by the co-operative and proprietary butter factories, and has handled . over 160,000 ' tons, of butter since its inception. The Board's agency and the distributors in London meet regularly and make arrangements for the sale of the butter, which, are equitable" from the point of view of the prolucer in Australia and the dis tributor abroad. By negotiating with the shipping and insurance companies, the Board 'has secured reductions in. overseas freights and insurance which, during the seasons 1925-26 and 1926-27j have saved the producers approximate ly £120,000. The Board's income is obtained from a levy on butter and cheese exported, and is applied towards meeting expenses of the Board and its London agency, and also, to a . great extent, in contributing towards the cost of an intensive trade publicity campaign being carried on in the Unit ed Kingdom, with the aid of a sub sidy from the Commonwealth Govern ment on a poiMid-for-pound basis, for the purpose of advertising Australian butter, dried fruits, and canned, fruits. The necessity for the existence of - such a controlling body arid indeed, for fur ther action, is shown in the London sales and tlie comments of the Im perial Economic Committee thereon. There supplies are highest, and. the wholesale prices are lowest Jin the.riarly months of the year. There are two peaks in the supplies. The .-first is in January and February, when the heavy consignments from the southern hemi sphere reach the market, and the second in April and May, when the" supplies, frorii the northern hemisphere are be coming abundant. The wholesale prices fall about the opening of the year, while a recovery is made in February and March, and then a renewed fall in April. From June onwards there is a gradual fall in the visible supply, which lasts ittritil November. During this period prices steadily «.risei and a curious thing takes place. The -southern supplies are on their way to the mar ket, and. their amount is known gene rally. Yet the wholesale price con tinues to rise until towards the end of the year, when it suddenly crashes with the result that when the southern butter arrives much -of it is sold at or dinary prices. At Christmas the con sumer in the United Kingdom has in consequence to pay an unduly high re tail price and within a fortnight the Doniinioii producer receives an unduly low return. Over many years it is -found that the highest prices are from September to December, and have a range between 70/- and 90/- per cwt. above tho lowest of the year. The retail prices tend to lag behind the wholesale prices, especially when they are failing. The result is that the Bri tish consumer does not buy as much as he otherwise would, and is forced to take margarine or some substitute. The greater portion of the butter from tho -Dominions is .sold at or near the lower rather than the higher, figure. The higher values are often the result of scarcity and speculation in the mar ket- Denmark has taken steps to regu- lunse-her supplies, which is in -marked, contrast to the Australian position-. The following figures show the month ly supplies of butter for 1925 from Denmark and Australia: — Month. . Denmark Australia. 1000 cwts. January 116.7 ' 168.5 February . . . . v. . 136.3 305.1 March . . .... ... 115.9 . . 110.8 April. .. .; . . ;Y 150.3- 181.1 May ., 136.5 -119.1 June .. .. 155.7 ,- . 78.1 July 160.7 f 35.8 August .... . . 142.3 15.8 September .... . . 124.0 55.6 October .. . / .. 116.5 22.6 November ....... 130.8 ' 46.3 December 5?. -. . . . 172.4 122.4 Totals 1658.1 1161.2 "-A' stabilised prico would assist English consumption. There is no doubt that the more closely the Austra lian shipper can get in touch with the market abroad and the less finan cial dependence he lias on the English commission agent the better for the Australian dairy farmer, and this the strong position of the Dairy Produce Control Board is enabling him to do. . : "The second essential in the market: ing of Australian butter is a satisfac tory means of lifting the export sur plus. Two lines of action nave ma terially assisted here-l) the raising of the duty on foreign butter to 6d., and (2) tlie .Paterson scheme of a bounty on export. The Paterson scheme is enabled to operate by reason of the existence "of the tariff protection on butter and the natural protection of her markets by Australia's remoteness from other parts of the world. The principle of the Paterson scheme is to levy on the . whole of the butter pro duced in Australia for the purpose of paying a bounty on that portion ex ported, thus making it more profitable to export than to sell in Australia. The lifting of the weight of the export surplus off the Australian market per mits the Australian price to advance to the price that butter can be imported -for. It is during the last two years this has been worth £4,000,000 to him. While the duty was only 2d. per lb. New Zealand, which is only 1000 miles away from Australia and exports 80 per cent, of its butter, has been able to come in and cut Australian prices. Though the amount of imported New- Zealand butter was never great/ vary ing from a - few hundred pounds' worth to half a million in different years, yet the addition of even 1 per cent, to tlie butter to be consumed in Australia de stroyed our balance between export and import quotas. Even if no butter was actually imported the fact that it might so easily be imported caused a feeling of uncertainty and lack of confidence in the market. The effect of the en trance of New Zealand butter is merely to displace an equal quantity of Aus tralian butter which had then to be exported, and oil which ..a bounty would be paid. The 6d. duty is not too higlu There is not much likelihood of the duty being used in an extortionate manner as those who control the but- .ter industry in Australia are quite cog nisant of the fact that price above a certain definite rate limits consump tion and consequeritly brings little value of the industry. All well-wish ers of the dairying industry must- be gratified in getting it so readily through Parliament. . : ' "The third essential: to successful marketing of Australian butter is that it would be of the highest quality and uniform standard. This is secured by grading it under, the 'Commerce Act, a special brand, the "Kangaroo Brand" being imposed upon the choicest Aus tralian butter. This has now been in existence for 34 years and .has already substantially improved the returns of the industry. Before the grading and standardising, it was tho custom of Australian butter to sell generally from 10/- or -more less than New Zealand. The average for 1926-27 for the whole year was — -Australia — 160/-, New Zea land — 161/ — , _ Danish —176—, and on: 16th December last New Zealand butter sold and "Kangaroo" butter sold were quoted in the London market at the same price. This fine product I have already mentioned has continually improved in its quality. This improve ment is largely rendered possible by the high standards of the butter factories in Australia, which are -models of clean liness and' efficient working. Each sea son shows a higher standard being reached. In 1925-26, 58 per cent, of our butter was choicest. In. 1925-27, 65 per cent, of the butter' exported was graded "choicest" and 18 per cent, of first quality. It is essential that we should continue our good work in this ' important, connection because, from the 1st January, 1928, Britain is excluding preservatives from food and we must find some means of sending our butter in as good condition as at present over its long journey without any deteriora tion without preservatives. "The last essential that- we must have for successful' marketing of our butter is that our 'price must be com petitive. To succeed in this the cost of production must be cut right to a minimum. We must adopt all possible methods of reducing the cost of produc tion which ean be curtailed without lowering the standard of living of the members of the industry itself. . ' '.The present Commonwealth Gov-' ernment has made substantial improve ments in this direction as in all the others named. It first attacked the question of transport which is one of the major factors in the total cost of production. The Federal Governmeriit has brought into being the Federal Aid Roads Scheme which provides definite Federal assistance, supplemented by State assistance, for the building of arterial and developmental roads, .to the extent of soriie £3,500,000 a year for the next ten years. 'This' action in providing good roads will help to shor ten the time that the cream is in tran sit and maintain its quality. Proper refrigerating cars on our railways and the installation of motor-trains can also lessen the time of exposure both of cream and butter en route . to market. The Commonwealth Government, in its contract with the Orent Line for the carriage of - European mails, has as- sured, as part of the contract, a deh- nite amount of refigerating space at the lowest possible price for our but ter; carried. - - "The Government is also attempting to cut the costs of production by relief of taxation in. every possible way where it touches the dairy farm. > For' '-in stance,' .-the .inspection charges in con nection with tlie grading have bgen this year abolished, which will giveithe dairying industry a considerable annual saving. Land taxation this year has been reduced by 10 per cent., and many anomalies in its collection and incidence have also been removed. Income tax ation has, this year, been reduced by 10 per cent., making a reduction of 40 per cent, during the life of the pre sent Government. Three years- ago the income exemption was raised to £300 per year which, added to the lib eralised deduction of £50 for each child, has placed many farmers outside the range of the Federal income tax. Though, wth the better price I hope dairy farmers will get through the sub stantial assistance the Commonwealth Government has given in many direc tions to the industry, \ their returns may yet - be largely increased. Other con-: cessions given in my last budget will still probably keep the dairy farmer out of Federal income taxation. For in stance, deductions have been allowed from income of sums spent in the erad icating of pests, in gettng land ready for .the plough, in draining land, in de stroying serub, ring-barking "timber, suckering, etc./- losses on past years are able to be deducted from future profits and substantial depreciation is permitted on improvements. "Many items that are essential to the dairy farmers have been made free of.. Customs duty, such as cream sepa rators. Half of the cost of the trade publicity campaign in England, which ' must be regarded as part of the ordi- ' nary cost of production and market ing, is now being borne by the .Com monwealth Government. The ' Dairy Control Board has also been able to ef fect savings in freight, insurance, etc., that runs into many thousands of pounds per year. 'Other reductions in cost of production are possible by con tinual improvements in factory man agement and the uso /of electricity. The general development of electrical power ought to materially reduce costs. Several factories on the Clarence River have, in this way, almost cut their power costs by half. In additiori, the carrying capacity of our farms can be increased by the utilisation of arti ficial and new grasses. Paspalum, clo ver, and kikuyu have already accomp lished wonders. The use of fertiliser and the introduction of subterranean clover has also materially assisted. The practice of- growing feed must become much more universal, as fodder conser vation, either in hay or ensilage, is necessary to extend the period of milk ing and to bring cattle into their milk ing in better condition. :'- "In addition, we must -seek to im prove the output of butter per cow, as we have the same overhead costs for- the. poor cow as " for the. good . cow." Any increased return is' a straight-out gain. To get anywhere in this connec tion, it is no use trying to act blindly; we must know exactly what -our cows are doing, and the only thing that can tell as is cow testing. Tho Com monwealth Government is willing to give Government aid for the creation of herd-testing "societies and -to -offer subsidy of 3/6 per cow up to the first 400 cows, and another 1/- per cow up to 1000 cows. The State Governments are willing to give an equivalent amount. "The. various Governments are will ing to assist as well in the improve ment of' the stock" :by means" of bulls of good -strain. " Queensland "for "in stance, is willing to pay half the actual cost of getting a bull of good strain on to the farm from a. southern State. Though all farmers cannot take advan tage of such offers, it is .hoped' that with tlie fillip given to the industry by the increased duty, there will be much more done than in tho past. Even if individual farmers cannot buy better bulls themselves, the institution of co-operation by bull clubs can enable much better stock "to -be bred." Den1" murk has seen in the course of 40 years an improvement from 80 pounds of butter-fat per cow in 1864, 1161bs. per " cow in 1887, 2161bs. per cow in 1908\. We have seen individual results as striking in Australia; what is needed is to jriake such,>impro veriient general - . "What is nec'e8sary for. tlie farmer if lie desires satisfactory marketing., results is to ensire that 'the price and quality arc right and supplies' continu oris. .-J There is jieiv- competition to meet from the Argentine Siberia, ajidthe Baltic States, all of which have lower standards; of living. : There is ndJ doubt that -the -Australian conditions .arid their / judgment, in breeding and :tho. handling of their product will enable the Australian dairyjrien to hold, their own. and gradually oust from the' Erii- piie ijmrket n 1.1 foreign importations. In the last 21 years the total iripbrfed into Britain from within the vEiripire baa grown from 68 per cent, to 88 per cent. "The dairying industry is, -I have said, entitled to sympathetic considera tion from the Commonwealth Govern ment and of the Governments of the Empire, because of its importance as I an intensive form of agriculture ; be cause of . its great national advan tages ; because it can help the redistri bution of the population of the Em pire ; because it gives essentially a safe living to immigrants and those under taking it. Our methods must ensure the maximum output, the highest qua lity, continuous supply with tho least ; working, costs, and the best methods of distribution and marketing. "Tho Australian Government, has given the dairy farmers the machinery and the opportunity to succeed. It has protected the home market, has given very satisfactory means of maintaining their place in tho London market, and has assisted in obtaining preference in Dominion- markets. Now what is ne cessary is a complete 100 per cent, co operation of all the individual units of the industry to command suecess in all the essential points that I have mentioned." . INCREASED DUTY. Mr. R." E. Alcorn (Kyogle) moved : "That this meeting requests that the Federal Government approach the New Zealand Government and ask for a re vision of the whole of the trade agree ment, with the object of bringing the increased duty on butter into opera tion as soon as possible, and asks that a representative from the Federal Go vernment be sent -to New Zealand for the purpose of having the matter dealt with at the earliest possible moment." Mr. J. J. Hayter, chairman of Norco, . Ltd., seconding the motion, said that if Dr. Page could carry this suggestion out then they could claim this extra duty right away.. Even if they could not get this concession right awav, New Zealand should be stopped froin taking advantage of the Australian market. New Zealand came in and cut under them, .and that made them export. The motion was carried amid cheers. Short addresses wero also delivered by Messrs. J. A. J. Hunter, M.H.R., who paid a tribute , to tho work Mr. R. F. H. Greeu is performing as Federal representative of the Richmond, and Mr. R. F. H. Green, who stressed the need "of all producers being members. Mr. Patrick Grant said that the pic nic would be held in November each year. The P.P.U. was founded on the Richmond eleven years ago, aud to-day had a membership- of ' 13,000. Victory had been won; but the Union did not rest on its laurels. Mr. Missingham said that the Dairy Farmers' Union, recently formed, was couccived by one idea — self import ance. Mr. A. E. Budd also briefly spoke. 