NEWS OF THE DAY. SALARIES OF CIVIL SERVANTS. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday, the Hon. -T. McCalluni asked whether, in view of the State's financial situation, the Government would consider recommendinc to Parliament. a. percentage reduction for this financial year in all salaries paid from public funds. The 'Chief Secretary (Hon. H. Tagsie)— 'No. The Government has evidence that the salaries paid in the pub lic service are not in excess of the salaries paid for similar, work outside the public service, and it does not consider that' the salaried officers of the public service should be* subjected to special taxation as a class.' In 'the Assembly Mr. Thompson ilicited a' similar reply from the Premier; I ^ .:-, ?- public'; morals.. [The, Attorney-General, (Hon. H.- Honv burg) .gave ..-notice; w... the .Assembly on Tuesday that'. to-day he would move for leave to introduce, a.- Bill for .an, Act -to regulate the publication of reports of cer tain judicial proceedings 'in such 'manner as to prevent injury to public morals, to prohibit the publication and sale of cer tain ' kinds of newspapers, and for other purposes.'. .??...' '.'-,' PUBLIC ACCOUNTS COMMITTEE. The Premier (Hon. R. 1. ButlerJ told Mr. Shepherd in the Assembly on Tues day that the appointment of a Public Accounts Committee, as referred to in the Auditor- General's report, was part of the Government's policy, and would be given effect to. AUSTRALIAN STAMP DESIGNS. In the past philatelists have been rather critical of the designs, of Australian stamps, some . objectiig to the current Ijd. stamp because tie King's head was flanked by the emu and the kangaroo, and because of the mass' of detail crowded into:{he design.- The Poital Department ias. purchased the. rights of 'a design by 5JJ..H.' .A. Harrison for ..'a three-halfpenny' Btsnip, tbe'King'g head in which is flanked bys£uted columns. ', Besides the' kpbka- burraidesign- for' ai' special' threepenny stamp to be issued, there is also in pros pect' a 'special air mail 'stamp, and one to commemorate ' the . Western Australian ceriteriary ' next- year. . Enquiry, from an official source in the department on Tues day, elicited that ;tbo responsible officers consider, some change- desirable,' 'with a ?dew. to. improvement in the style o£ our, six. postage stamps.. An immediate change is 'not likely, but when- the department deefdeq tliat . the - time, is appropriate for substituting- -new stamps, competitive de signs, will -be called for, or the. aid' of artists sought,. ' The stamp printing press of the Commonwealth turns' out 800,000,000 stamps every year, the cost'of such print ing being 5d.' per 1,000. ~ '? COST OF STRIKES. ... According kto Mr.';Gteenwood, tiXi\A., of Victoria, in the last gix.years 7,000,000 working days and £7,000,000 in wages Iia\e been: lost- .as-tbe'.Tfflnit, .of .strikes. The economic loss through diminished pro duction probably amounted to more than £50,000,000 in that time,, he added.' All this made it harder for the worker to find employment, and the accumulated evil of strike. after strike steadily sent up the cost of living. Compared.with £100 paid in taxation in 1911, the burden to-day was £456, interest bills had risen to five and three- quarter times the amount in 1911, and the national debt had Increased by more than .three, and^ a half; times, its amount then, biit production -ias .risen, only by two and a quarter times .the amount. Mr; Greenwood ?feared-Ausbralia was facing a crisis -in its history. .. From 'production alone could aU. these commitments 'be met, and jts slow rate- of -increase, as' compared with expenditure, called' fir most serious consideration .-.by. all section's.' Australia must move either by evolution or revolu tion, rfnd'a/ grave ^responsibility' rested on all citizens' fo'bring it to better. ?things by sound economic .methods.' . .The 'capitalist order should realize \that' jrogresi could be achieved ^oiily,.. byvjustke: ? 5*n-»'- it«' -part, while the1 -worker' -Jshonld- similkrly 'appre ciate the I f act' that hii - position' could, only, be lmproted'.byincreased.'producUon,. CANBERRA; WORKING WEEK. The movement, of .the; Commonwealth public servants in support of .a. five-day working week' has commenced, and repre sentations on the* subject1' Have been' mode to the Prime .Minister by ,the public, ier vice '(Canberra);- welfare..,. committee. ^'Canberra offic«rs,v sayi' the 'latest issue of the 'Federal public., ..service journal, 'contend that the* peculiar' 'circumstances associated with tneir working, conditions Fender, the -'Federal ' capital territory. - an ideal ? sphere for experimenting with the proposal for shortening the working week without reducing the total number of tours worked. - If the. scheme ;is tried in Canberra, and. found to. be a success, ita extension . throughout ' the . Commonwealth should , be' .brought ) appreciably.', nearer.' To Mr; Bruce tie welfare committee has luggested that'to permit of -a whole holi iay on Saturday, week-day hours. should be 8.45 a'.m'. to 1 p.m. and 2 pjn. to '5^ p.m. The' 'request .is ? made on' behalf of officers of the'- central staffs at Canberra. It is argued that as the . three hours worked on Saturday cannot be regarded as the same value in regard 'to work ac complished as three hours on ordinary working days, the proposed alteration would make for a higher average effi ciency. The principle hag been adopted in the New South Wales State service. Tht scheme introduced by the -Lang Government provided for working houn of 4 a.m. to 5 pjn., -with three-quarters of an hour foe lunch; but that proposal entailed a reduction of 30 minutes in the week's, work. ? ? BETTING IN HOTELS. When asked on Tuesday whether he had any comment to make concerning the resolution carried by delegates of the Liberal Federation in favour of the Satur day afternoon clonag of hotel bars, the Premier (Hon. !L L. Batler) said the president of the federation (Mr. C. A. S. Hawker) had made it clear that this did not bind the present Liberal Parliamen tarians to such a policy. The Premiet added that he viewed the resolution as an endorsement of the . Governmenfg de clared policy that if legislation did not prove effective in preventing gambling in hotels, there wm no alternative but to close the licensed houses - on Saturday afternoons. Licensed victuallers should realize that . hotels were licensed for a specific-.purpbge,.ah'rl the'pubUd, would not tolerate' their, being; ' utilized, tor illegal bet%j. ' _; ' ;,: -..;'?.,.?.-. .;' .' eager Emigrants' Mr.- Charles Whiting, who is at -present in England, in a' recent letter'to Ufr. J. A. SarJdOi toys, -in-relaton'tp' immigration, 'The -section who were very enthusiastic for securing a fine' flow 'of 'migrants to Australia will no doubt realize that the problem- of- thft settlement of Australia by members of the British race is not an easy one. The British' press 'is discussing now the- .report -of .a.; comniiuion appointed to make.* some -reebmmendations regarding s surplus, of from: 200,000 to 300,000 miners and. otbir»; employed in the hea\\-y indus tries. ? ; T6e: Yorkshire Post, to^ay. states 'Out' .of :a party of 580- young men of Durham,, all of good pbvsiq.ue and in the right^flecsde- of- life,.' whir ^roSeiid ihem selves ;. recently, is', settlers-, for-' Australi*, only:',12 ^w.ere actually selected.':; 'The Birmlhgckiir Pp'gt says,;'The'£aet:TS tKere ire' to-day more men and women ready rod even eager to move to the Dominions than the Dominions care to accept.' Per sonally, I think Australia could absorb with advantage a lot. of Dutch, Danish, and Swedish settlers, who would assimi late themselves with Australians. The problems of slum clearance and better housing arc being tackled here, although it htII be a long time before the objectionable features of the overcrowded tenements throughout the cities' and even in some of the smaller towns, will disappear. The work of encouraging bouse ownership is deserving, of popular support. Our co^ operative methods render the task. much easier- for ;-- the ? average . wage earner.1' Speaking of the English' summer, Mr. VVnifing says:— 'There- has been .no rain for 12 to 14 days, and the', warm 'weatfier l'.as.!given 'quite an 'impetus*' to ^{ourist travel, ; and ? the* Bale. of Bummer, brinks. I saw, one/. man .to- day, in- a- white hel met and white' duck suit. The skies have been quite- bluer-!/ am writing now at 9 p.m. ' without any artificial light. The fair sex here-are. about In We arms and slight clothes, the same as in Adelaide. One, however; smifest: at the number of Londoners (males), who,- in the '-midst! -of summer w conditions, -appear in ; top ?; hats; spats, and carry' thick gloves.' - - ''?'-? FIGURES IN LETTERGRAMS.. . In the latest issue of the Adelaide Cham -er of Commerce Bulletin it is stated:— 'It has come under, notice that inconve nience has been caused jri certain instances through the regulation restricting the use of numbers. in the text of lettergrams to a third of the number of paid words. Re crnng to this matter, the monthly bul letin of _ the chamber states:— 'Writing recently in reply to a communication from he Brisbane Chamber of Commerce on he subject, the acting-secretary of 'the 'ostmaster-Genera.rB department .states that the restrictions were introduced when . it .wes found that numbers were leing used to an unreasonable extent in lettergrams, and that the- use- 'of -figures was growing. , One of the essential- re quirements for. a message to pass'atithe cheap lettergram rate' is that it must bear, a ? connected. meaning -.whereas raes **8«- were' presented which, on the ftcc ol them may ;. .have ... borne a connected meaning: to the addressee, yet so far'^as the department was concerned bore, a 'bid- den meaning, and were' as difficult to transmit as .code, or cipher telegrams, for wnich higher rates were charged. ? The department .was, already faced with a heavy deficit so far as iti telegraph acti vitira were concerned, and any further re duction on- the cost of telegrams by'ner-l mittingmore latitude ,coufd only'meaS gmerX'86 ^ :th' ^*V*?K*k*c*tQ ; 3,500 FARMS SCHEME. . J^e v direction »£ ^e Main Roads Board big gangs of men recently unem i°y2i£ZJ?0W cleMin«- roads .to open up toe 8,000,000 acres involved in the'Western Australian Government's' 3^00 farms ^rt?'' J?11 h)?ds ai? b^B cleared from southern Cross into the Forrestanla coun .!^' ^MMVerLoch and Lake Crorrin. and on this section about. 320 men are at work. Another gang of 125 men- is cpW mg up roads .in the Lake King, country,' ea.t of-Newdegate, knd 70 more :nie^ are doing similar work in the Mollerina area. Reparations, are in hand, under direction or the Agncultural Bank, to clear 200 acres on each farm in the scheme. This trff'Ai* ?id'- w t0 ^ done by con tract, labour having proved to be very ex pensive in the past in clearing some of the farms at Newdegate. ? RINDERPEST IN CEYLON. .. Reports of an outbreak of rinderpest S'-S^-0? :*'re'br°n8l1' wider' the notice of,official« of. the Department of ? Agricul ur«»» Tuesday, and It- was meSS that the department, was riot untrifadfuTof the.danger of- the introducaon of the dis ease. . In 8outh Australia ; there were stringent regulations -in existenceto- pre vent, its entrance. . It was probable, bow ev.ny that the Western Australian t-ffickls wouM be 'the .first to discover any- trace of the disease 'as steamers :from Ceylon Bret called at J-remanUe.-In the western State the administration, of similar 'regu lations was jn the hanas of thief wefw}- nary .o^er^there^^h«^yas-ni^',*n«a*. ii&e; officer under the Commonwealth sand he would .take great care fiat none '?«£ ;2?!0^regulatl0n8 waB ™lased in order that there might be no risk of the intro duction of rinderpest or other stock dis eases . into , Australia.- .'..... . . ROBBERY 'FROM A HOUSE. ;' ?.between 9. and. 11 -Dim. on Monday the house of Mr; G. H. vHarris, Halifax street, was. entered through: a. rear doflr, and a gold.scarfpin was'stolen from'a 'costiri a wardrobe. .-. '?? -' . - ?- ? ?:?; ?,- STOLEN CAR FOUND IN VICTORIA; .The. motor csi of:Hr. J.. K. Jensen; of College street, Portland, -which' was stolen from Port .- Adelaide on Friday night, has been found at Coleraine' (V.), MISSING MOTHER AND CHILD _ FOUND. - ..Mrs. Winifred M. Efrdley and her four year-old : daUgbter , Ivy,- ' who /disappeared from. their' home in Wright street' on .Sunr day, were -located by:the women police,' and have returned home.. . ? ., MY LADY'S FOOTWEAR. ???''.'., My lady's fashionable footwear is made from many odds and ends. Crocodile akins, chamois leather, kid, doeskin are only a few -of the many trifles; but in all cases prices , are high. Dainty. Miss Toorak. for instance, or. lovely. Miss Rose Park, with their £i 4/ 'chic croc, skins' thrust out aggressively, could not be ex pected to offer a cigarette or a 'spot' to the Thebarton, Croydon. Hindmarsb, or West End flapper with her 29/11} 'smart sports for everyday wear' thrust out just as aggressively. In the words of Anita Lops, 'j mean to uy, no nice girl, 'who is really a nice girl, could do it, I mean to say.' ? But alas! for these ball marks- of superiority and -distinction, as like as not the 'smart sports' and the 'chic croc.' shoes came originally from the same honest-to-goodnesg old sheep skin! Or, maybe, from the respective skins of twin lambs. Just think of it! Thi3 pride-shattering discovery was broadcast recently in Melbourne by Mr. H. Dean in a lecture on 'By-products of the 'Meat Industry.' ? Mr. Dean produced sheep pelta, to the consternation of many present at the lecture, ready to go on the market as crocodile skins, chamois leather —or, perhaps, to be changed into frogskin should fashion so demand. Apparently my dainty lady and the factory flapper, bow ever their tastes may vary on many sub jects are on common ground so far as the origin of their footwear is concerned. BURKE AND WILLS OUTDONE. On Monday two powerful motor trucks Dulled up on -the Sydney road, just out side Melbourne. Their . stained . sides, weather-beaten covers, chipped enamel,' and bleached woodwork attested the rigour and length of the road that lay behind them— a road - 10,000 miles, long but, these surface scan apart, the trucks were still fit to face a journey twice as long. There -was ipecial significance in a halt being made at that particular spot (?ays' The Age). From there 68 years ago started out the ill-starred expedition of Burke and Wills, which was met and thrown back in disaster by the untamed fo-ces of the desert. . These latest travellers had just returned from a journey, not merely to a waste in the heart of the-' continent, but round the whole Australian coastline. Where their predecessors iad been weakened by toil, emaciated by hunser, tortured by thirst, these men. had returned chubby and rosy as from a prolonged picnic Where desert suns had struck and thrust at the earlier explorers, sappine their lowered vitality, these latter-day travellers had reclined comfortably in the shade while the miles slipped steadily past and the sun raged impatiently on spinifex and gibber plain or mulga. They- mocked at mirages, where mirages mocked at Burke and Wills. If water was not to be found they drank from a 100-galion tank they earned with tbem. and at night they .smoked by the camp fire while the strains of Colonel Bogey echoed weirdly over the great solitude; or lecturers in. Melbourne, by the grace of Marconi.' gave, exhortations to the dingoes and maepies. . They set out on April 12. with a. programme which re quired them to return at noon five months later, and at noon five months later they returned. . - - DAZZLING LIGHTS. The Automobile Association recently approached the Adelaide City Council regarding, the two electric lights. sus- pended over North terrace on each side of the Morphett street. overway. bridge. The lays from these lamps were said to interfere with the. vision of motorists, pro- ; ceeding' from '.North -Adelaide., tpwaid Morphett street, andithea'sBociatiorvtiaked that some improvement might be. effected. Arrangements have been made to fit deeper shades to these lights,' and it is considered that such action will overcome the inconvenience. . ? MINDA GUESSING COMPETITION. The guessing competition conducted by Minda Home Incorporated, for a cow and bullock presented by Sir Sidney Kidman, has been completed. The Metropolitan Abattoirs Board arid Coles Brother's ? cer tify that the cow weighed 466 lb.' and the bullock 712 16.. making a grand total of 1,178 16. The winner (who guegsejl'the exact weight)! was 'Mi-. C. K. Soward, o£ Palmerston road. North Unley. ; Messrs. B. Kennedy, of Southwark, and J. J. Honnor, jun., o£' . Brehtwood; tied for second and. third places; withi 1,177_. lb. each.. Many, competitors were within' a couple of pounds of the exact weight. 'The financial result ivas very satisfactory, and: the iiinda Home expresses much. gratitude to Sir. Sidney for. bis' kindness. . , ? '.;?'/ ,';' N: '??- :^CpMMUWT^PRA^ER^|^= Arrangement^' halve, been made.-fdr .this' week's community praye* meeting ' in' flic! banqueting room of. the Adelaide Xoivn Hall to be conducted by Mr.A. K. Clark-' son, to- day, from.. 1. till 2.' o'clock; -and; thenceforward ,every -Wednesday -at; the same tune: It is' proposed to 'ask various leaders. of the. city's business and: religious life to -conduct the meetings, which; it is hoped! will i be of..such a ..nature that, all section? of the community will find'!np: difficulty.,, in .'attending, : , It '.- is .'expected that , soon - this -.will be a strong feature of community activity. . ' Conveners have been appointed- of , two subcommittees;. and an executive1 of four,' in .addition to'/ a permanent chairman' of the movement; Jug been elected. These are .Miss I. Glasson,' Messrs. A. £. Clarkeon, and Stow Smith, and Brig. McClure'.' ' The committee hopes to- be able *c- announce the name -of tka chairman shortly. . . ^ .. . ,„ „ . *, APPLE TREES IN THE STREETS. During - the course ' of a ' lecture . at' th'e' Colonel, Light Gardens Institute on Tues Jay-'evening, reported elsewhere in this is sue, -fhe lecturer (Mr. G.-Pank) remarked' that until just recently he had not been through the, suburb of .Colonel Light Gar dens :and: he 'expressed astonishment at the development already made and of the possibilities of further beautifying it. Mr. Pank laid emphasis upon the care of trees and in this connection ' mentioned that during his travels through Germany he noticed in 'one suburb apple trees lining the roads and. being interested, made en quiries regarding them and was informed that the proceeds from .the sale of the fruit was expended by the council in the maintenance of roads.' Children, he was informed! -were educated against interfcrj ing with the trees : and the necessity,- 'ol taking pride and care of them was in stilled into, them and consequently little trouble was experienced in this direction. Addressing the children, Mr. Pank won dered if apple trees were planted in the streets of Colonel Light Gardens would the children refrain from robbing them, and a unanimous assurance on this ques tion was promptly given. CANCER RESEARCH. After a meeting of the South Australian cancer treatment and research committee on Tuesday, it was announced that a pub lic meeting would be called for October 4, at 3.30 p.m. His Excellency the Governor will preside, and one. of. the speakers will be the Federal Minister for Health (Sir Neville Hbwse): Further particulars will be announced later. COAL FOR OSBORNE WORKS. BeplyiDR to Mr. R: S. Richards in the Assembly on Tuesday, the Premier (Hon. R. L. Butler) said he was aware that the Osborne ? works of the South Australian Gas Company came into operation a week ago and that the Government had agreed to handle coal over the Osborne wharfs when those works were started. The Government had to bear the cost of rail ing^coal from Port Adelaide to-Oabornc for the praa works '(4/ a ton), owing to the. coal-handling aear not being ready. The weekly consur-'tion of the Gas Com pany as Osborne was 800 tons. Coal for the Roe works was likely to be landed at Osborne by the coal gears next week. AUSTRALIA'S AVIATION YEAR. This is Australia' year in the air (writes The San Francisco Examiner). Wilkhu in the Arctic, Kingsf ord-Smith a Ulm in the Pacific, have made two of the greatest of aeronlane flights. That journey, from Hawaii over the tropic seas to Suva stands as a' marvel of ocean fly ir . -It is the longest single hop yet made entirely 'over ocean, unless possibly, though not' probably, exceeded by some of the flights across the South Atlantic, of which there has been little news in- this country. Equally spectacular was the flight of that other Australian, Wilkins, frpr* Point Barrow to Spitzbergen. The distance was not so great— 2,100 miles as against the 3,100 between Hawaii and Suva — but the' conditions were far more stringent It takes nothing away from Kin^fnrd-Smith and his companion to say that they had. various island 'chances of rescue in case of mishap. In the open cca there is even the chance, no matter how remote, of .falling in the neighbourhood of a ship. Ruth Elder did. But when Wilkins flew over the Arctic pack for 2,100 miles there was no chance anywhere. We-.have not quite realized yet what a stunning feat Wilkins performed. ? Aus tralia h»s a. 'right to' bo proud of' both these flights. So it is ? Australia's turn, nnd.Eiclson- and Lyon and Warner, the three Americans in these. two .flights, r.can well afford to let the Anzacs have it in the same spirit . which Kingsford-Smith showed in Suva. ? It was fine sportsman ship that impelled the commander of the Southern Cross to' tell his Fijian hosts 'Lyon and Warner are -Americans, and the trip could not have been performed successfully without them.' ' , A LOST DOCUMENT. Cr.- E. .T; Thomas, at Tuesday night's meeting of the Glcnclg Council, asked the mayor. (Mi1. H. S...Ruglcss) whether he nad any information to impart in rela tion to the Patawalonga Bridge. The mayor replied that he had interviewed' the Minister for Local Government (the Hon. G. F. Jenkins), who had informed him that the document in. connection with the matter had been lost, and that an endeavour was .being made to- find it. However, the Minister stated that the cost of constructing a new bridge was so great that nothing could be done at pre sent. ? 'Are we to 'understand,' further asked-Cr. Thomas, 'that when the money is available' -the Government is- going to build tlie bridge?'- The mayor ? replied that Mr. Jenkins bad not said that. -He just said that the work could not be undertaken at present. GLENELG'S PROPOSED LOAN. Aid. Dring, at the meeting of the Glenelf; Town Council on Tuesday night, presented a petition sijued by over 100 ratepayers praying that a- poll be taken to decide the question of raising the loan ? £9,200 for the proposed foreshore im provements. ' : It was decided that the request of tlie petitioners be granted, and that the poll be taken on Saturday. Oc tober 33; also that arrangements be made for the provision of a polling booth in each ward. Mr. F. A. Lewis (town clerk) was appointed returning officer. CONSTITUTIONAL CLUB. Mr. A. Grenfell Price, M.A.; F.R.G.S. (Master of St. Mark's College), will be the principal giiest at the weekly luncheon of' the Constitutional Club. of South Aus tralia at Balfour's Cafe : to-day, when he will address members on ''the. Founding of South Australia.' ?' : A MISTIMED ADJOURNMENT. An amusing, incident occurred at - tho Church of Christ Conference at. Grote Street Church on Tuesday morning. At 11.45 the chairman, 31r. Collins, adjourned the meeting until the afternoon, and it was not until members were well on their way out that he discovered' his watch was sn hour ahead of itself, and the members were called back to. sit. for another hour. 