BRISBANE DAY BY DAY. Notes and News. BY OUR SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE. His Grace the Archbishop at Indooroopilly and Hamilton. The parish of Indooroopilly, which was established only two years ago, has made gratifying progross in the meantime, as was evident on the . occasion ' when his Grace the Archbishop paid an official visit recently. A large number of members were . enrolled in the Sodality of the Children of Mary by his Grace, and 4.7 children made their first Holy Communion. His Grace congratulated both the Children of Mary and those who had made their first Holy Communion. Both ceremonies were the first fruits of the work of the Brigidine Sisters in the parish, and to him it was very gratifying to witness such deep piety, and so much promise of fruitful spiritual har vest. There was a very large congrega tion present at the Mass, and many re ceived Holy Communion. His Grace was assisted throughout by Key. Father Prout, the energetic and devoted pastor. In the large reception-room of the convent the Sisters had prepared a ? delightful First Communion breakfast, of which. his Grace partook with the children. Before leaving he thanked the Sisters on behalf of the .children and himself for their hospitality. He felt sure that the day would always be one of glad remembrance in the life of the children, who, lie hoped, would always be good, virtuous and grateful. - On Sunday, 10th inst., his Grace also visited the Hamilton parish, where he con secrated a large number of Children of Mary, to whom lie imparted good advice, and expressed, the great pleasure.it gave him to see the growth of the Sodality in St. Cecilia's parish. Eev. Father Staple ton, the parish priest, thanked his -Grace very cordially for his kindness in coming to perform the ceremony. Kelvin Grove Parish — Presbytery to be Blessed. Oii next Sunday, his Grace the Arch bishop will bless and open the recently purchased residence at Kelvin Grove, which is being utilised as a presbytery by JRev. Father B. Bolton. Father Bolton, since his advent to the newly-established parish a few weeks ago, is : arousing keen interest among his congregation in the , building up of the 'parish. Every week, social functions are held, and 'are well pat ? ronised by parishioners.. and friends of the ' new pastor. Great numbers :rare expected to bo present at next Sunday 's function, which will mark an important advance movement in the work of construction. The Catholic Ball. This year's Catholic ball has been definitely fixed for Wednesday, July 11, at Smellie's Building, near the corner of Ed ward and Alice Streets, overlooking the Botanical Gardens. The committee is confident that they have solv ed the difficulty of securing a . hall affording adequate space to comfort . ably accommodate the legion of dancers and spectators, who, still mindful of last year's brilliant spectacle, will be desirous of attending this year's function, with the twofold purpose of enjoyment and of as- ? sisting the charitable purposes to, which the proceeds will be devoted. The com mittee, under the chairmanship of Mr. P. K. Copley, have decided that they must excel, and not merely emulate, their achieve ments of previous years. The ball is un- ': dor the patronage of his Grace the Arch bishop, to -whom the debutantes will be pre sented. All intending debutantes are re quested to communicate with the secretary, -w care of Sidney Riley Studios, without de lay, to permit of all necessary arrange ments for photographing, and otherwise, be ing satisfactorily concluded. Invitations to the ball, which are. strictly by nomina tion, are now being issued, and the early purchase of tickets to save congestion is advised. The Papal Legate — Meeting of Clergy at 'Wynberg.7' On Monday evening the committee of priests appointed .to make arrangements for the reception of the Papal Legate and visitors on the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of the new Cathedral next September, held a meeting at 'Wyn- berg,' the Archbishop's residence. His Grace, who had travelled from Toowoomba on that day to be present, presided. A de tailed programme of the arrangements was discussed by the committee, which ap pointed a number of sub-committees to deal with separate items of the programme. A committee of the Catholic laity has-lso been engaged, and arrangements were pro- - posed at the meeting on Monday so that concerted action might be taken by both committees as far as was possible to make the historic occasion successful in every respect, An immense concourse is expected to be present in Brisbane for the event, and it is anticipated that accommodation in the city will bo taxed to its utmost. Typists' Examination — Convent Girl Heads List. An examination of candidates for ad mission to the Queensland State Public Service as female typists was held in Brisbane and other principal towns of the State on April 28. The estimated number of vacancies for which qualified candi dates will be required is 10. Two hundred aiid twenty-one candidates presented them selves for* examination. The young lady who headed the list was Miss Mary B. Flannery, Convent School, Thursday Is land, with 95 per cent.; Miss Sheila Mc Dougall, High School, Warwick, was seventh on the ljst, with 90 per cent. Sttfarfcholme Convent — Feastdiay Celebra tions. The feast .of the Sacred Heart was cele brated with marked solemnity at Stuart holme Convent. High Mass was celebrat ed at 9 o'clock, Rev. Father V. Wheeler being celebrant; Rev. Fathers T. O'Con nor and W. Hogan acting as deacon and sub-deacon respectively. The duties of master of ceremonies were car ried out by Rev. Father T. Mo lony (Adm.). The High Altar of the convent chapel was tastefully decora ed for the occasion, and the convent board ers sang the Mass with devotion and solemnity that showed very careful pre paration. During the day the Blessed Sac rament was exposed on the High Altar, and the Convent Sisters and pupils were in constant attendance all day, adoring their Divine Master in His Sacramental Presence. Exposition of the Blessed Sac rament concluded in the ^ evening with Benediction, which was. given by Rev. Fa ther M. Irvine, chaplain. Additions to Hibernian Hall, South Brisbane. The fine spacious building erected by the Hibernians attached to St. Joseph's Church, Kangaroo Point, has proved in adequate to cope with the great demand for social and other functions being held there. Tenders were recently called for additions, which comprise an enclosed balcony, a large stage and gallery. The completed design provides accommodation for 500 dancers. The ground floor con tains rooms for committee meetings, for cards, table tennis and other games held in conjunction with the social evenings, and has accommodatiion for 200 persons. King of Kings Screened at All Hallows. Through the courtesy of Mrs. Noonan, of the Stock Exchange Hotel, and of Mr: Fenton, manager of the Wintergarden Theatre, the motion picture, King of Kings, was screened at All Hallows Con vent on Sunday afternoon. The Sisters of Alb Hallows Convent, the Sisters of Mercy, from the various convents in the city, Sisters of the Sacred Heart, Whin stanes and Corinda; the Sisters of Charity, Ashgrove; the Sisters of St. Joseph, Nun dah; Loreto Sisters, Coorparoo; the Sisters of the Good Samaritan, Lourdes Hill; Wilston and Enoggera and Christian Bro thers from the motropolitan area were pre sent on the occasion. , Confirmation at Toowoomba. At St. Patrick's Church, Towomba, his Grace the Archbishop of Brisbane, assist ed by Rev. Father Schucraf t, confirmed 280 ?candidates, and later at the Holy Name Church, with the assistance of Rev. Far thers Cashman, R. O'Donohue, and C. Corrigan (Sydney), confirmed a -further .220 candidates.. Cotton Growing. , ... . . Speaking at Toowoomba on Sunday last, the Archbishop of Brisbane (Most Rev. Dr. Duhig), advocated the growing of cotton instead of maize for the Darling Downs. Features concerning the advent of the new Kyoglc railway line to N.S.W. were dwelt on, and he urged upon them the consolida tion of trade as a precaution against a possible decline in the Interstate traffic. His Grace the Archbishop spent a busy day in Toowoomba. After a Communion breakfast at the Holy Name Church, there was a confirmation ceremony in St. Pat rick's Church, and that afternoon a large number of children received the Sacrament at the Holy Name Church. Altogether about 600 children wore confirmed. His Grace then blessed and opened the new presbytery for the Holy Name parish in the presence of several hundreds of people. Rev. Father Cashman (parish priest) sketched the financial position in the parish for the past year, and said that 12 months ago the parish debt was within £400 of be ? ing paid off. Then the sewerage system was installed, and an extra £900 incurred. Tho actual cost of the prosbytcry, with sewerage, was £2652, and the total debt on the parish now amounted to £3193. Archbishop Duhig congratulated Father Cashman on all that had been accomplish ed. He also paid tribute to the memory of Moiisignor Fouhy, to whom the parish owed the magnificent site on which the church, convent, and presbytery stcrod. That had been a free gift to the parish, and his Grace had paid out of his estate £1250 towards the convent, and to Father Cashman £250 for the rent of furnished premises. A further £750 from Monsignor Fouhy 's estate would go towards the cost of the new presbytery. Primary Industries. ., \- Continuing, Dr. Duhig said that they had a '.. dairying industry in their midst. Were they .doing all they could to foster the industry. Had they improved their herds, and wore they doing everything they could to bring their factories up to date? He was certain that no person who knew the industry 20 years ago figured what it would be like to-day. It was a great credit to Queensland, but they had to be very careful to guard, their products. He had visited a number of dairy farmers, and he had made inquiries as to what be came of their produce. He was assured that the trouble was in London, because best Australian butter was taken and sold as either Danish and Irish butter, while second-grade butter was sold as Austra lian butter. Butter thus sold as Austra lian, was, therefore, not the prime product of the country at all. There should be some representative in London to see that their products were sold as Australian, and not as Danish or Irish. 'Look to your primary industries,' concluded Dr. Duhig. 'This country can become great on its primary products. Man made the city, but God made the' country, and if the country goes down the city goes down, too.' He expressed the hope that many of the boys would turn their attention to the land, and would go into the country. He added: 'You have now agricultural colleges and rural schools, and many advantages of learning that those who went before you did not have. If you put your boys on the land they may have some hardships, but they will, in the future, be in the best position.' He wondered why the farmers along the Lockyer grew maize year af ter year.' There was not much to be made out of maize. The Downs coun try was most suitable for the growth of cotton. Why should farmers grow maize for a return of £4 or £5 an acre when they might grow cotton and realise £40 or £50 an acre? He had been told that next year would be a great one for cotton, and he urged them to begin to grow it. Southern Europeans. Dr. Duhig said that they had heard a . lot about unemployment, but it was no new thing. It was worse in modern times owing to tho people congregating in the cities, and not living so much in the coun try, so that unemployment was felt more. They wanted more people in this country. It was said that immigration would pro duce more unemployment, but ho believed that, instead of doing that, it would be a big element in stopping unemployment. If people came out to Australia, and went on the land, and became producers, the peo ple in the cities would buy their produce. These people Avho would go on the land, however, would require to be fed and clothed, and the people of the cities would have to supply their needs. It '\vas ridicu lous to see Queensland standing still at un der 1,000,000 people. There was so much unemployment in Australia to-day that something must be wrong. They spoke about a 'White Australia.' Let them have a 'White Australia' by all means, but do not let them keep Out Southern Europeans — the Italians, and people of other countries, who could show them actually how to work land. The Italian was a greater asset to the country than the German, he said. He had always praised the German farmer, but the Italian was more industrious, and a botter agriculturist thau the German. They should get Italians, Germans, Maltese, and Danes to come out to go on the land, and produce for them. They were foreigners, 'but they had as much rig'ut to live as tho rest of them. Some of the best Australians they had ever -had were foreigners, and their worth was proved in the Great War. These people's children would be good Aus tralians, and they should be welcomed to* Australia. The Kyogle Line. Regarding the new . Kyogle line project ed, he declared tho people of Toowoomba must realise that, to a great extent, their livelihood depended on something being done in the years while the Kyogle line was being built, to establish Toowoomba on the best possible footing, before tho Sydney passenger and mail trains ceased to pass through. 