FARMING PROBLEMS. IMMIGRANTS NEEDED. Italians Commended. ARCHBISHOP DUHIG'S ADVICE. Archbishop Duhig, in his address at the opening of Holy Name Presbytery yesterday, touched on a. number of matters of national importance, including the position of the farming community at the present time, and immigration. He said he felt sure that there were many farmers listening to him. He also noticed that Deane Nolan was present from Dalby, and he knew that he was interested primary industries. When lie came up to their city from Brisbane by traiu his attention was attracted by the large area of uncultivated laud, even along the railway line, and also the bedraggled state of many of the paddocks which had not been cleared of stalks of maize. He began to. ask himself why the farmers along the Lockycr and on the Darling Downs eonfined themselves to the same crop year after year. He did not know what people got out of maize, but he did not suppose they got much per acre. He had been assured by experts "that there was no place superior to tho Darling Downs for growing cotton. Could they explain to him why they were not growing more cotton? They were continually complaining about the injustice that the primary industries had to suffer. But let the farmcs take care they were not doing au injustice to themselves. Why not grow less maize and more cotton, and get £40 :iu acre out of it if it was a good season? He was assured that in the coming year there would be a great activity in the cotton world, and that there would be a large market for cotton. They should impure into this and see if they could gain information on the matter themselves. If they were advised that it would be better for them to grow cotton, then let them begin to grow it. They heard a lot to-day about unemployment, said His Grace, but it was no new thing. He supposed it had been with the world for very many centuries, hut it had become more pronounced with the growth of cities aud industrial upheavals. It was worse in modern times, owing to the people con- gregating in" cities and not living so much in the country, «o that unemployment -was felt more. It was a problem, but it was one that could be solved. The problem could be solved if only they would work together at it. They wanted more people in this country. It was said tha-t immigration would produce more unemployment, but he believed that instead doing that, it would be a big element in stopping unemployment. If people came out to Australia and went on the land and became product's, the people in tho cities would buy their produce, while some of the products wGuld be exported. But these people who would go on the land would require to be fed and clothed, and the people of the cities would have to supply their needs. It was ridiculous to see Queensland standing still at under one niLilian people. Queensland's population, was less than Melbourne's, vet look at the number of members of Parliament, the hu^je police force, and the army of Government officials they had to keep up. They must have population before Queensland could prosper as it should. They were endowed by God and Nature, aud he did not know of a country which was so rich in resources as Australia or this State of Queensland. It was a shame there was eo much unemployment in Australia today. Something must be wrong. They spoke about a White Australia. Let them have a White Australia by all means, but let them not keep out the Southern European, the Italian and people of other countries who could show them actually how to work the land. The Italian was a better asset to the country than the German. He had always praised up the German farmer, hut the Italian was more industrious and a better agriculturist than the German. Tvo Italians settled at Stanthorpe two years ago and bought a few miserable vineyards. The land began to prosper, because they knew how to cultivate vineyards. The fruit fly, however, came and punctured the grapes. Other orehardists said these grapes were no use and threw them away. But the Italians did not throw these grapes away. They gathered them and made wine from them. ThU wine was sent up north and thev received a cheque of £110. T1 :y should get Italians, Gemans, Maltese and Danes to come out, go on the laud and produce for them. They were foreigners, but they had as much right to live as the rest of them. Some of of the best Australians they had ever had were of foreign descent, anC. their worth was proved in the Great War. These people's children would be good Australians aud they should welcome them to Australia. They had the dairying industry in their midst, continued the Archbishop. "Were they doing all they could to fos ter the industry? Had 'they improved their herds and done everything they could to bring factories up to dare: He was certain that no person who knew the industry 20 ve-jrs ago figured what it would be like* to-day? It was a great credit t 0 Queensland", bu c they had to be verv careful to guard their products. He had visited a "umber of dairy farms, and he had made inquiries as to what became of their produce. He iv.i s assured that the trouble Avas in London, because ibe best Australian butter was taken and sold as either Danish and Irish, while the second grade butter was sold as Australian. The butter tliu.* sold as Australian was Therefore not the prime product of the country nt all. There should be some representative in London to see that, their products were sold as Australian, and not as Danish or Irish. "Look io your primary industries " concluded the Archbishop*. "This country can become great on its jiiimarv products. Man made the city, ij-jt God made the country, and if ti, e countrv ffoes down the city goe rt down, too. I hope that many of our bovs will turn their attention to the hmd'and go into the country. Yon have now a-nicultur.il colleges aud niral sr-Uook an-I many advantages of loa-ning that those who went before vou had not If von put your boys on t] l0 land thev may have some hardships, but iho v will ihe tut me. be j n H,e host position."' Pans has evolved a square unibrell.i. It. will be called the '-Deauville," after the famous Normandy seaside' resort, and will, of course, be made in all the colours of the rainbow. :ind others not found there. In spite of ils apparently awkward shape, the square umbrella folds just as easily as the ordinary kind. 