NEWS OF THE WEEK from ALL OVER QUEENSLAND. WEDNESDAY, June 20. When opening the exhibition of the Queensland Royal Art Society yester- day afternoon the Governor appealed for more support for art in Queensland. The opening of the beam wireless service between Canada and Australia was made the occasion of the exchange of felicitous messages between the Governments of Canada and Queensland, and between Washington and Brisbane. Squadron leader Hinkler was yesterday presented with a cheque for £1182, the balance of the fund raised in his honour in Brisbane. When the legal formalities over the transfer to Brisbane City Council of the land in Victoria Park, which was set aside for a University site, have been arranged the Brisbane City Council will consider the development of the park. The Queensland Butter and Cheese Factory Managers' Association, at its ninth annual conference yesterday, expressed itself in favour of the adoption of regulations to bring about the cooling and aeration of cream immediately after separation, delivery at short intervals, and a uniform designation for cream, in three grades, first, second and third. The results of the last State scholarship examination will, it is expected, be made available by the Department of Public Instruction in the last week of this month. The Resonians spent yesterday in Brisbane, and were taken through the city and suburbs, and shown the principal buildings and beauty spots. The Victorians were enraptured with the scene from Mt. Coo-tha. While engaged in getting logs at Kiddman Creek, Les. Jordan had the misfortune to be struck by a falling tree, and then dragged by it down a gorge. He sustained a fracture of the skull and severe internal injuries. Mr. John McGregor, the district superintendent at Warwick, is about to retire from the service of the Railways Department, after 44 years in its employ. Mr. Bruce Partridge was on Monday night presented by his Excellency the Governor with the Final Diploma in Architecture at the Technical College, and also the gold medal of the Queensland Institute of Architects for the highest passes over the four years' course at the college. Mr. R. G. A. Robertson Cuninghame died at his station home, Wellington Vale, Glen Innes district, on Thursday last, at the age of 74 years. Mr. C. F. A. Barke, one of Bundaberg's oldest residents, passed away on Saturday evening, at the age of 81 years, 55 of which were spent in Bundaberg. Mr. A. E. Grimley (aged 58 years), who was for a number of years chief stock inspector at Kingaroy, collapsed suddenly while driving a car between Murgon and Wondai on Monday night, and died whilst he was being conveyed to Murgon. Jack Napier (aged 6 years), son of Mr. Victor Nampier, a Don River farmer, whilst riding to the Merinda school yesterday, was thrown from his pony and killed instantly. Replying to a deputation which waited upon him, the chairman of the Main Roads Commission made it clear that there was no hope of the Commission taking over the Granville Bridge, Maryborough. Major H. Shenton Cole, Australasian representative of the London and North Eastern Railway Co., is more than ever convinced of the great advantages which Queensland exporters would enjoy by shipping their products direct to outports, instead of dealing practically solely with the port of London. He further drew attention to the great disparity in the cost of freight as between London to Bradford and Hull to Bradford, the former amounting to 52/11, as against 28/5 from the east coast port. Silverwood water was permanently turned into the Warwick mains yesterday, and in future the town will draw its supply from the new source. A large and representative meeting of stock owners recorded an emphatic protest against tick cleansing operations in the Wondal Shire, and requested the Department of Agriculture and Stock to shift the "clean area" line back to Wooroolin. The Tweed-Lismore Pastures Protection Board so far this year has paid bonuses for the scalps of 59 dingoes, 100 foxes, and 432 crows. These bonuses entailed an expenditure of £119. With the death of Senator Givens there has devolved upon the Government of Queensland the duty of selecting some eligible person to succeed him until the end of next June. THURSDAY, June 21. The annual conference and exhibition of the Queensland Butter and cheese Factory Managers' Association was officially opened by the Minister for Agriculture and Stock (Mr. W. Forgan Smith). The Minister for Agriculture and Stock announced yesterday that the Queensland Wheat Pool was to continue in operation until the 1932-33 season. O'Doherty's Hotel and billiard saloon, Lawlor's refreshment rooms, and the Duchess Hall were razed by a fire which occurred on Tuesday night. A more equitable system of rating to enable consumers to pay for water actually consumed though meters is not likely to be adopted for some time, possibly a few years. Prosecuted in the Summons Court yesterday, under the Medical Act of 1926, A. Grakovich, of Brisbane, was fined £10 on a charge of having held himself out as being a medical practioner. Sales of properties taken over from the old councils by the Brisbane City Council, have returned about £200,000. Detective Sergeant Mullaly, giving evidence in the Magisterial Inquiry Court yesterday regarding a motor car fire, said that in his opinion the car was deliberately set on fire, and that the two men and two girls who were in it at the time were in collusion. One of the native bears which were liberated on the Mt. Coot-tha reserve some time ago "reported" to the ranger's residence recently. The bear appeared to be sick, but after a few day's treatment left for his bush home. The Local Authorities' solicitor (Mr. R. M. King) has informed the Coolangatta Town Council that it has no power to grant permission for the opening of licensed amusement houses on Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, in contravention of its own by-laws. Dr. Earle Page will commence a political tour of Queensland at Maryborough on July 4. According to the Development and Migration Commission, immigration is not a fundamental cause of unemployment, and the assumption that high wages form a major cause of fluctuations in emplyment is not borne out by investigations. Agnes Griffin Hood, widow, a defendant in a Supreme Court action yesterday, when called upon by Mr. Justice Macrossan to obey on order of the court to sign a bill of mortgage over property at Cribb Island, was adjudged guilty of contempt of court and a writ of attachment was issued against her. While dressing in her home at Theo- dore, Mrs. Ada Blanche White (aged 59 years) fell unconscious, and died next day without having recovered consciousness. The Minister for Agriculture and Stock (Mr. Forgan Smith) said yester- day that the butter and cheese pro- duction for Queensland this year promised to constitute a record, the figures for the 11 months being 65,- 800,000lb. butter, and 13,000,000lb. cheese. Strong arguments in support of the sugar embargo were placed before the Victorian Resonians during their visit to Nambour yesterday. One speaker insisted that the period of the em- bargo should be extended to 10 or 12 years. A branch of the Country National Association has been formed in the Logan electorate, with Mr. Dugald Clark as president, and Mr. W. Moore as secretary. The amalgamation of butter factories in the North Coast district was dis- cussed by a conference at Nambour, but owing to the absence of two fac- tory companies, no definite action was taken. As a sequel to the death of John Bates, a dairyman at Midgee, who was electrocuted on December 15 by coming into contact with a live electric wire, his widow is claiming £1000 damages from the Rockhampton Town Council. Recently a motor car was abandoned in the O'Connell River, near Proser- pine. The loss of the car was broad- cast from Brisbane, and some listeners- in at Proserpine remembered the aban- doned car, and reported it. The Esk Co- operative Dairy Associa- tion paid to suppliers for the month of May 1/3 per lb. for first-grade com- mercial butter. The grading for the month was 96.8 per cent. choicest (Kangaroo). In the course of a lecture at Ayr, Mr. Duffy, Instructor in Fruit Cul- ture, said he had some excellent ban- anas growing at Rita Island. The prospects for growing bananas in the Ayr district were bright, he said, but he would advise growers not to rush, but to give it very serious considera- tion. There was a large congregation in St. Peter's Church, Barcaldine, on Sunday evening, when the Rev Vivian Burrows, M.A., was inducted by Bishop Ash as rector of the parish. At the June meeting of the Home Hill Hospital, a cheque for £290 was received from the trustees of the A.W.U. fund being employees' contri- butions. Alfred Skinner Clarke, a storekeeper, at the Sandhills, Rockhampton, was fined £25 for selling liquor without a license. The Government has agreed to allow a rebate of 9d. per ton on coal loaded at the Urangan Pier, for a period of 12 months from July 1. The rebate will be allowed from coal in the Howard district, on cargoes of 300 tons and over, and will be deducted from port dues. The English team of Rugby foot- ballers played an Ipswich team yes- terday, winning by 23 points to 13 on a slushy ground. The second test in the interstate schoolboys' Rugby competition was decided on the Exhibition Ground yesterday, the local team winning a hard-fought game by 6 points to 5. During the Maleny-Landsborough match at Maleny on Saturday, H. Trigor sustained a broken nose. While the Wootha-Beerwah match was in progress at Beerwah, S. Trigor sus- tained a fractured skull. The coloured boxer, Alby Roberts, outpointed "Curly" Hincks in a hard- fought 15-round contest at the Bris- bane Stadium last night. At a meeting last night the Coolan- gatta Town Council, by 6 votes to 3, refused to grant an extension of the franchise to the Coolangatta Electric Supply Co. for the purpose of extend- ing the lighting system. For the year ended December 31 profits of the Fairymead Sugar Co. are shown at £42,497, an increase of £19,- 363. The Gladstone show opened yester- day with a record entry in practically every section. Both beef and dairy cattle formed excellent exhibits. The exhibits in the pavilion were very fine, particularly those of citrus fruits and bananas. Messrs. F. P. Fowler and son, of Biggenden, and Mr. J. Phillips, of Wondai, carried off most of the princi- pal awards in the Jersey and I.M.S. sections at the Gladstone Show. FRIDAY, June 22. The preference of the English con- sumer for Danish and other Conti- nental butters was discussed at the conference of Queensland butter and cheese factory managers yesterday. Mr. P. J. Carroll (Commonwealth Supervisor of Dairy Exports) con- fessed that under present conditions, and comparative market values of Aus- tralian and other countries' butters, it seemed illogical to say that the best of their butters was equal to the best on the London market. A hold-up of the city's water supply by Mr. F. L. Blyth, (City Solicitor) for of engine drivers has been averted by the action of the Board of Trade and Arbitration in calling a compulsory conference. The Brisbane City Council probably will not take over the supervision and control of the milk supply until early next year. Charges will be made on the ferries by the Brisbane City Council from July 1. The Minister for Mines (Mr. A. J. Jones) was advised by the State Min- ing Engineer, from Roma, yesterday that the No. 2 bore of the Roma Oil Corporation Ltd. had reached a depth of 2880ft. The Mayor (Alderman W. A. Jolly, C.M.G.) said yesterday that he per- sonally favoured the use of Victoria Park as a big sports ground. He ad- vised the Rugby League and cricket officials to get together to see what could be done. Lloyd Edward Nesmith (27), second engineer of the American steamer Tampa, was charged in the Police Court yesterday with the wilful mur- der of Carl Otto Franz Muller, fourth engineer of the same boat, at Bris- bane, on June 1. Muller died in the General Hospital at an early hour yesterday morning. The charge arose out of a shooting affray on the Tampa on June 1. Squadron-Leader and Mrs. Bert Hinkler visited Gympie yesterday, the flight from Brisbane taking one hour, and were accorded an enthusiastic official and popular welcome. They were the guests of the Gympie Kennel Club at a ball at the Returned Soldiers' Hall. Four shops, a picture show, and a residence were destroyed, and two dwellings rendered practically useless through demolition, following a fire, which occurred at Cunnamulla at 9.45 a.m. yesterday. Sir Sidney Kidman, who has been inspecting stations in New South Wales and Queensland, has commented ap- preciatively on the efficacy of the Queensland border fence, which he crossed at the Adelaide gate on the Baloo track. He was greatly pleased to see how well the fence had been looked after. The fence was seven or eight feet high, and was one of the best dog-proof fences in Australia. But for the keeping of this fence in good order, New South Wales would be overrun by dogs, and there would be no chance of raising sheep. Officials of the Postmaster-General's Department are considering a proposal for the introduction of a special aerial mail service stamp between Perth and Adelaide. The matter of dual motor taxation at Coolangatta and Tweed Heads is causing considerable dissatisfaction, particularly on the Queensland side of the border. New South Wales motor- ists are plying for hire without a Queensland license but Queensland motorists are not permitted the same privilege in New South Wales. Group apprenticeship committees have been established in 18 trades in Queensland. During the year ended June 30, 1927, 1098 apprentices were indentured, and 123 transferred. In the Brisbane area 1461 juniors regis- tered for apprenticeship, and 775 were placed in positions. Parliament has been further pro- rogued until July 10. It is expected that the next session will commence at the end of July, or early in August. The Mackay expedition, with Dr. Basedow, arrived at Pine Creek yester- day, after successfully completing an exhaustive exploration of Arnheim land. All the members will return South by the Marella on July 6. At the annual presentation of prizes of the Brisbane High School for Girls yesterday the Principal reported that the present enrolment of the school was 355—292 day scholars, and 63 boarders. In the senior public exam- inations 11 candidates sat, and of these nine were successful. Mr. E. S. Smith has been appointed mill owners' representative on the Central Sugar Cane Prices Board. Sub-inspector George Edmond Loch, of Brisbane, at present relieving at Toowoomba, has been promoted to the rank of inspector, and appointed to the charge of Toowoomba police dis- trict. Detective Senior Sergeant Timothy James McCarthy, of Rockhampton, has been promoted to the rank of sub-inspector, and will take charge of the Mackay district. Mr. John McCaughey, the only re- maining brother of the former famous pastoralists, Sir Samuel McCaughey and Mr. David McCaughey, died at his residence, Hampden Court, last night. He was well known as a suc- cessful station manager and owner. The Victorian tourists arrived in Maryborough on Wednesday night, and were welcomed by representatives of the district. Next morning the visitors were shown over Walker's En- gineering Works, and other places of interest. Donald Doust, the 12-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. James Doust, of Swan- brook, Inverell, who was on a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E. Say, Emmaville, was killed instantly on the Rose Valley Road, when a bolting horse went over him, striking him on the head. A proposal for a main seaside road from Manly to Cleveland, passing through the fruit-growing districts, and providing a fine motor route, is to be placed before the Main Roads Commission by the Brisbane City Council. Regulation 3 under the Wheat Pool Acts has been rescinded, and a further regulation approved. This provides that representatives on the board shall be elected by growers of wheat who delivered to the board wheat harvested during either of the two previous seasons; by growers of wheat to whom seed wheat had been supplied for the year in which the election was held; and for other bona fide growers of wheat. State schools have been established at Kuraby, on the South Coast rail- way; at Murarrie, on the Cleveland line; and at Barakula, Chinchilla district. Authority has been given to the Public Works Department to expend £330 on the erection of an additional room and veranda for land rangers, at the Court House, Emerald. Farmers in the Mount Alford district are busy harvesting lucerne crops, and some excellent hay is being stored in the sheds. Heavy yields of maize have been the rule, and big consignments have gone forward. There is a big falling off in the cream supply. Despite the cold, frosty weather, all parasites have not been destroyed in the Emerald District, and sheepmen are complaining of the blowfly pest, which at present is rather acute. The Railway Department is being kept busy with the transport of fat stock to the meatworks, large numbers being drawn for killing purposes from the Central District. Owing to the impassable state of the western stock routes, stock from the far North are being trucked to Clon- curry, and conveyed to Prairie, Pent- land, or Charters Towers, whence they travel over the stock routes to Cler- mont, and connect up with the well- grassed country in the Central district. When engaged at his work at Lane- field colliery, Mr. Roy Collett was struck on the knee by a piece of steel, which pierced his clothing and skin and became embedded. The Gladstone show was continued yesterday, in the presence of 6,000 persons. The high jump for ponies 14 hands and under was won by Mr. A. L. Payne's Hector, the height clear- ed being 6ft. 4in. The open high jump resulted in a win for Messrs. Perry Bros'. Lone-Star, who cleared 6ft. 5in. It is considered that this year's maize crop in the Warwick district will not be more than half that of last season, and it is likely that even this estimate will be reduced as a direct result of the mice plague. The late crop is being eaten on the stalk by millions of mice. At the Enoggera stock sales yester- day good quality mutton sold at from 5½d. to 6d. per lb., and bullock beef realised to 33/ per 100lb., and cow beef to 30/. SATURDAY, June 23. There was an excellent collection of birds at the Breeders' and Fanciers' Poultry Club's show, held at the Exhi- bition Grounds yesterday. The delivery of about 5000 plates to complete the naming of streets throughout the city area, will be com- pleted in a month or six weeks, and the works committee of the Brisbane City Council, on Thursday, decided to call tenders for the erection of them. The aesthetic and economic advant- ages, of fenceless streets are interest- ingly dealt with in a proposal which has been submitted to the Brisbane City Council. "That reminds me, I must have my lighter fixed." —"Columbia Jester." 