LETTEN TO THE EDITOR APPLE EXPORT TRADE, Wo hear'tlio samo old story of this timo oí year- inferior carriage of our apples, unsightly, cases, otc. It Is no uso over- looking the fact ans* longer. Tasmanian applogrowers will have to learn their /business over again, or, at least, the mar- keting tildo of business, and the only re- medy I 'can see Is central packing sheds or district packing sheds, whero big lines of fruit can be put up under one brand. Or at least district packing shed brands each centre its own brand, eo that ac- count sales, etc., can bo compared, which will elvo a keener Interest In get-up and packing. Again, wo should use seasoned, woll-ventllated rases, of which there Is ono on the market at present which the , shipping company's engineers Uko very much, as the use of this case would do away with damage and mean cheaper freight, and the caso Is far superior to the American pino case, which some of tho growers have used this year to try to Improve the appearance of their con hignments. if wo had the pine timber hore for case- making and America had the hardwood would America send over hero for our pine cai>es7 Not on your life; they would get to work and clean up their hardwood timber. Some novices may ask what is the advantage of central packing sheds» Advantages are as fol- lows:-Buyers could come direct to packing sheds for their fruit instead of through agents, which means Gd. to Is. per case for agont, which could go Into tho grower's pockei. ? All expenses would bo leas, as shipping companies' agents, eta., would not have all the complications of brands to sort and ¿stack on wharves. There would not be the number of Inspec- tors required on wharves, as the foremen of each packing shed should bo respon- sible for the quality of fruit packed. An- other advantage is all cases would he uni- form, not some green and wet and others seasoned and plained, all dumped together, which must mean less for fruit per case. Where would be the dairying Industry to- day If the farmers all mnde their own butter and shipped It to England under hundreds of different brands and quality, and many other Industries? It Is to bo hoped that the present movement In the Tasmanian npple Industry for betterment of case, get-up. etc.. will bo well estab- lished for next Eeason. DISLOYALTY TO TASMANIA. In your issuo of May 23 your Devonport correspondent writes In reference ' to a Taamnnlan opening the eyes of the Ignor- ant, honded "Boosting Tasmania." The critic had never been there, yet criticis- ed,-but when shown In black and white where he was wrong admitted it. One oí Tasmania's Kröntest drawbacks Is that oí our own people. I have lived In Victoria for 42 years, and it makes me feel very sore at ex-Tnsmanldns speaking of their nativo placo as almost to be apologised for. and practically admitting that as natives they should be off rile globe. I am proud of being ¡1 Tasmanian, and my happiest davs arc when 1 set to Hobart for my annual holidays-for two reasons: One, the glorious, surroundings, and the other to be once more among old and life- long friends. These gentry who decry Tasmania are not always strangers. 1 say It Is our own people, and often in Hobart lts«lf have I heard thi9-poor snlrlt. Such things as the "Tnsmanlnn rallwavs are a hutre Joke." vet they are showing in- creases In the revenue, while Victoria Is «howlng an Increased annual hugo déficit The: average - Vlrtorlnn thinks that .Tas- mania.. lives on Tattersall'!;, and has no kjKjwlçils* of tor-vast mineral resources, fwrtt Industry,,J Zinc Works, water-power »quply. and many others, T do trust that ma; rising generation will be a little moro «oyal In. tho future to the most beautiful ipot In the Southern Hemisphere.. ' PROTECTION OF NATIVE FAUNA. Victorian nature lovers have recently learned with regrot from your columns that the question of tho protection of the beautiful and interesting fauna of Tas- mania has become a matter of party poli- tics in your State Parliament, and that whereas the Opposition advocates that every reasonable step should bo taken for Its protection, that tho present Ministry desires to havo an open season wherein nil species of fauna may be destroyed. It ia hard In these days of enlightenment and scientific knowledge to believe that any Government or publie body in Australia would unconcernedly outlaw those forms of life, whose beauty and song and quaint and Interesting ways enliven and cheer the pathways of our plains and forests. It should be remembered also that our widely differing forms of fauna lived and flour- ished here long before the white man carno with civilisation and far-reaching weapons of destruction, and for thnt rea- son some consideration seems duo to these older Inhabitants than ourselves. Quito apart, however, from such aesthe- tic considerations, it can truly bo said that It will pay us much bettor to pre- servo than to destroy our fauna, for the reason that our unlmals will eventually become of enormous value to us on ac- count of their skins and fur, whllo our native birds, oven tho worst of them, such as tha crow, which destroys the larvae of the blowfly, perform Important ser- vices for our people. A notable illustration of what bird life may mean to a farming district was brought under tho notice of ornithologists a few yoars ago, when an Interesting de- scription was given In the Now South Wales press of how an Impending plague of locusts in the Upper Hunter district was prevented by tho timely arrival of large flocks of wood-swallows, which de- voured the young locusts. Another in- stance Is to bo found In a statement not long ago from the U.S.A. to the effect that a, great plague of rats and mice was largely attributable to the fact that tho .birds of tho hawk and owl species, which had formerly kept these pests in chock, had almost totally been destroyed. Con- firmation of this statement is given In a recont request of the people of Lord Howe Island, who wore suffering from a plague of, rats, which they wero unable to combat, that some of our Stato Govern- ments should supply thom with as many pairs of owls as could be spared In order to copo with tho ovil. It may be assumed that the excuse given for permitting the open season Is that It will help to give employment »or a number of people who are out of work. This may be so, tempor- arily, but the unrestricted destruction of valuablo fauna Is really very like killing tho croóse which lavs tho croidon ectr. I " " JOHN _* MÉNZi'ËS, I I Member National Park Committee. | CASE FOR LABOUR. Reading the cato for Labour In "The Mercurj" of Ma\ 16, 1 would be pleased If jon uould alio« me to correct Mr Lamb In one of lils statements as apparently he has been misinformed Mr. Lamb states that the present Government de- cided that no soldier's lease would be cancelled unless It was peisonally visited 1« the C fa toard etc That is Incor icct, as there were more farms retaken without inspection or notice of the CS Hoard under the present administration than there were by the previous Go\ern ment Mr Lamh should give the Na- tionalist Government their due, as they trlid hard to cl*e the S S a fair deal THE TASMANIAN LABOUR GOVERN- MENT. In his recent letter! Mr K Stamford Inter alta, said that the extant Government is the worst that ever held power In Tas- mania Contra to this, I say, that some- what recently, publicly, Mr. Cummins, and other non- Labourites, eulogised Premier Lyons on the matter of lils sound [states- manship. Alderman Ockerby, of Laun- ceston, is now a Nationalist candidate, and prior to his candidature, publicly mado commendatory remarles anent the reduction of taxation incidence effected by tho Lyons Government. Germane to this, it can in truth be said that to-day thousands of Tasmanian workers who were formerly under tho Incubus of State taxation are now exempt, and in the cases of thousands of other Tasmanian workers their taxation burden has been lessened. These workers' minds should revert to the terrille taxation trials endured before the advent of the Lyons.Government. Re unemployment: In a letter in your Issue of 2ith lnst.. a corre- spondent. Inter alla, said: "The Labour party, though Us motives may be based on selfishness and want of patriotism, Is per- fectly correct, as things are at present. In Its attitude towards Immigration." I shall say that lils argumentation Is the reductlb ad nbBurdum. The Labour party Is against Immigration while scores of thousands of men aro out of employment In Australia, and hence, anent Immigration, the Labour party's aim l8 not for egoism, but for al- truism. In Australia, even many migrants themselves are out of employment. How- ever, the Lyons Government devoted vari- ous subsidies to somewhat minimise un- employment in Tasmania, And, anyhow, though Tasmania Is far from being a para- dise, yet oven tourists from the mainland emitted encomiums anent tho Lyons Gov- ernment's financial finesse of turning the corner of retrogression, and making for a winning post of pro_ression. G. J. MATSON, Launceston. TASMANIAN TIMBER Under tho heading ' Tho Question of T rober in Tho Mercury of May 2 1928 Mr r Alexander of Hobart asked some pertinent questions Have I over- looked a replj or Is tho Government un HELPING THE TIMBER INDUSTRY In his election speech as reported In Tho Mercury of 10th inst in ictenlng to the tvmpathj ind assl&tanco; the Lyons Gov einmont had given the timber Indus»y Mr B Watl Ins Is reported thus - Tho Governmont had Introduced legislation pro vldlng for better Inspection of exported timber In order to Improve the standards ind were assisting by meeting the costs of this as well as reducing the royaltlos on timber cut The statement is entirely misleading as the Government has not .roduced the rosaltv ono pênnj although ropeated appeals hive been made for io auctions The present Cov eminent has cost a deaf car to all lip sympathy onlj being conceded In splto of the fact that this onco piosperou.. Industry Is dulls drifting to ruin W. L. CLENNETT. St. Helens, in Lancashire, baa been enjoying the luxury of an inquiry Into alleged Irregularities on the par' of its Chief Constable, In consequence of a dispute between him and the local Watch Committee. The Inquiry was conducted by the Homo Office, nnd both parties were represented by counsel. It lasted 17 days and cost .CGOO n day, which means nn increase of the town's rates by Gd. No decision was given, and it is expected that n month will elapse before the Home Office publishes Its report Palle Huld, a handsome Danish boy, has hlgrh hopes of being regarded as the modern Phlneas Fogg. To commemorate the centenary, of Jules Verne he is try Ins to travel found the world In 45 days, 85 days less than the time taken by Jules Verne's hero to girdle the earth. After crossing Canada his objective will be Yokohama and .Tokio. China comos next, and then . Moscow, by the trans Siberian railway. Pallo lluld has red hair, and wears no hat. 