THE NAVIGATION ACT. AUSTRALIAN SHIP OWNERS' POSITION. AN INFORMATIVE STATEMENT. Inter-State shin owners arc »lost perturbed at the'recent action of thc Associated Chambers of Commerce, m conference ¡ii'Tasmania,, in passing re- solutions, condemning the Navigation Act. The Navigation Act was institut- ed as part of Australia's policy'of pro- tection, and with a view to building np for tho Commonwealth a reliable m'ercantilie marine necessary for . the effective conduct of inter-State sca eiirriage in tillie of peace'and. tis-au important second line of defence ' in thne of war." In this respect it is generally acknowledged that the act has worked most successfully, says thc "Age," Melbourne. A big mercantile marine has been built up, and cargoes which were once carried"'in, over-seas ships-many of them owned by fore- igners-arc now carried in Australian bottoms, and .giving employment "to thousands .of Australian maritime workers. , -.' ? i. . Generally, the case for thc repeal of thc Navigation Act is based on com- plaints that local ships arc not coping with thc trade. But thc fact is that owing to lack bf cargoffs no fewer than 2j ships have had to he laid up'this month. These vessels arc always held iii readiness to meet-any demand that may arise for, further space. Moreover, over-sea ships may carry local ca'rgocs nuder thc Act if they wish to do so, provided that they contplyv with work- ing conditions as to wages, &"c, that arc applicable to local ships. : But Apparently such cargoes Jiavc'- been so few that no attempt has ever been made by oversea vessels to take ad- vantage'' of this privilege. S An informative statement on thc whole . position .. was issued by thc Australian Steamship Owners' Federa- tion yesterday, lt'/read as follows: "It would seem from-recent resolu- tions passed by various Chambers of Commerce, and also from a_ statement by the president of the Victorian Chamber of. Manufactures, published in thc Press this; month, that "there i« considerable misconception as to the effects^of thc coasting clauses'of thc to< viga I lou Act. ,Thc ¡dca appears to be prcvnlBit that, thc coasting trade is reserved exclusively''to-the ??inter- state s.hippiug couinantes. This is not the fact as it is (|tiitc open to any oversea c'optpauy to ohtain a licence to trade on Australian coast on precisely the sanie conditions ¡is the inter-State cointianies have to'comply with. Thc sections of the Act which principally affect British ships-desirous, of engag- ing in the coasting trade are:-Section 289, which provides that thc"-seamen employed .on vessels which engage in any. part of the coasting trade' shall he paid for the -period during whjrh thc vessel is so engaged wages at - tha current rates ruling in Australia for sea- men. Section . 292 provides that'..-thc wages prescribed "by awards of thc Commonwealth Court,of Conciliation and Arbitration or as certified by the registrar or deputy registrar ' shall he prinia-facie evidence,of those rates of wages.' .?'? .'?? ??'??: '?;'? ; '.-?.' :.'. "The resolutions passed by the chant: hers of commerce" suggesting that tho coastal, clauses of thc Act bc abolished would, if given effect to, give rise tb very unfair competition, as it would then he opcti'.'for oversea vessels, with cheaper-labour and less onerous con- ditions, to compete with thc inter- state companies, who would still he bound by thc awards of thc Arbitration Court.- .Would .thc-Chambers'.bc prc '.parcd to recommend that immigrants froth Europe should be allowed to be brought over to work in Australian . factories at European ? rates of wages alongside other employees who have to bc', paid Australian ,award' wages and conditions? This would bc exactly a parallel case. '. \- "The Australian shipping companies arc carrying on thc industry under.thc, enormous handicap of thc burdens im- posed not only by thc .Act and regula- tions, but also by thc awards of the Arbitration .Court, and even Whilst thc competition ts, by reason of thc coast- al clauses df thc Act, limited to com petiton on cflUal.terms, 150,000 tons of iiitcrrStatc shipping is at thc present time lying idle owing to thc leak of trade. t "The inter-State companies arc . en-, tircly precluded from ebmpctiner for oversea trade owing to thc conditions under winch they arc compelled- io nm their vessels, and it should not be overlooked that whilst thc Navigation Act. prescribes certain conditions as to manning,, accommodation,. &e;" il-, 's not that Hie Act but the Arbitration Court awards which determineWages, hours and other conditions,; and that thc Australian companies running their vessels with Australian labour "would, still have to comply with these awards, even ; if thc Navigation Act did not exist. , ? .'. .. '? . ?? "As illustrating thc difference be- tween thc cost of running upder' Ans-' tralian conditions and under condi- tions prevailing in . other .parts ;of thc world,-thc reporfof thc ' Committee* of. Public Accounts ott the Commonwealth Government shipping activities' (pre- sented to Parliament "bu 28 Septem- ber, 1927). states that thc Committc was infortned that in respect to a .vessel of 6000 tons 'gross thc relative cost of Australian wages and conditions to that on vessels of qthcr. nationalities would bc as follows:- ; ? ' Australian .. .. ,, .. £100. , British .. .... 32,41 American. .. .. .. .. .. 42,21 Swedish .. .. .f .. v. .. ' 24,51 , Danish. 15,44. "Since these figures wcrc> nrcparcd thc Australian rates have been increas- ed. . "'Figures were also placed before that Committee showing\ that under Aus- tralian conditions of manning and pay a 'Bay'.- steamer-had to carry a compte, ment of 170. against-154 on a vessel of similar class of British register J and that the actual wages paid under thc Australian conditions on thc five Bay steamers for thc 3'car amounted to (¿204,987. as-compared with the esti-N mated wages under British'conditions of £87,229. ^Thc discrepancy would, of course, he much greater if-"the com fparison had been made with similar Vessels of plher nationalities," 