lill WORLD'S NEWS IN BRIEF lill _'-? J -. . sawing through an iron B Bk^B window bar, thieves gainsd . ? tV,^l entrance to a tailoring and I ^Ék^V mercery shop owned by I y J H. Blackhurst, in Bourk-; K-street, Melbourne, and made off with , goods .to the value of £'700. A piece of flesh [was found on -the bar. To assist the small farmer, the New Zealand Minister for Agriculture ¡s giving a guarantee on the basis of 65s. per case, of 30 dozen eggs |pn the Lon- ; don'market. . .. ¿Í The Australian Minister for Defence, Sir William Glasgow, Intends to con- fer with the British War^Offtcc re- garding the mechanisation o£ the army and général war methods and tactics. , Oscar' Slater has' accepted a'Govem knentjóffer of £6000 as an ex-gratin, payment in respect of his wrongful conviction for murder in 1309, which was set aside recently by Hie High Court of Scotland. It was lucky that the gouds-tratn fcetween Peterborough and Bruten' Hill ¡was travelling very slowly wUèn it struck a heavy object, ll feet in lungth. placed on the line. No damage was dene and when the line was cleared fha train resumed its journey. I . According to the Greek Prime Min I leter, M. Venizelos, the restoration ot (tba Monarchy Wan not expected before the elections, bet ie the Royalists were returned to power, and attempted ta (bring back the King, the country ;svould be plunged into civil war. i The Pope granted, an audience to Father Galr Francesca, ; who accom- panied General Nobile in the airship the Italia on its flight. to the North Pole, and handed him a gold medal to give to General Nobile; in recognition .pf his services to Church and science. Speaking on immigration at Bran- son. Canada, on Monday, the Primo Minister (Mr. King) said that the Gov- ernment was directing its main activi- ties towards getting British migrants,, fend continued-to receive more British- ers than other countries. He urged the avoidance of extremes lest lt should Result in open conflict hp tween Capital and Labor. Greek brigands ambushed a motor ear. containing, four politicians who were returning -from an -election cam- paign. Two ' were released, but the outlaws demanded £13,000 as ransom for the other two. As they warned their victims that they would receive no mercy If the authorities "were in- formed apparently the ransom will have to be paid before the brigands can be pursued. On Monday at Moore's Reef-road, bear Ararat (Vic), the body of Michael August Marney (27), h. wood carter, Was found propped up against a tree. A shot gun was found in his right hand and part of the man's head waa blown away. Marney was to have hppeared that morning in the Police Court on a charge; of having an un- registered pistol in his possession. The coroner's verdict was one of suicide. Wagga residences were shaken by a Violent explosion on Monday. Co ci- table McMahon was having a general clean-up at the courthouse and han-, pened to throw a box of rubbish out Into the backyard. Just as he re- entered the building a deafening roar was heard. It isJiard to account for .the explosion butru is thought that the box contained several, sticks of gelignite which were an exhibit in a pa.se of safe blowing two years ago. Carpenters constructing a house on the farm of James Ginn, at Boonjee, near Malanda (Q.) found the decom- posed body of a man in thick serna .about 150 yards ? from where scrub fellers had had a damp. The head was severed from the body, .which was badly battered. It was stated that two men engaged by Ginn on a clean- ing contract had not been seen fo ? some weeks, and the body is believed ti* be that of one of them. ' Their Mames were Walters and Kelly, one of ¡whom was an Englishman. K me persons were killed and 12 seriously injured in the derailment of two trains near Mounds, Illinois (U.S.A.). on Monday. Tlie passage of the Singapore dock through the Suez Canal aroused great local interest, people from all over Egypt flocking to Ismtallia to see this triumph of navigation. The cost of canal dues is £10,000 Settlement negotiations at Shanghai between the British and Chinese Na- tionalist authorities in connection with the Nanking incident, in which Southern troops attacked the British Consulate, have progressed favorablv, and an agreement is believed-to be :t> sight. Encouraging reports -regarding th's wireless transmission of 'photographs and drawings by thc telephotography svstcui ltavo been issued by the Bri- tish UroadcaüUng Corporation. Un- der («-.; proposed system, it will be possit,;'.- lo broadcast a picture of any event lour minutes after the statisn has. received the finished picture. , At Baskerville, South Australia, j on Tuesday afternoon, Thomas O'Caî laghan (55), was run over by a goods train bound for Adelaide and killed. Deceased wtas leaning against a cattle truck, and fell on the line when the train moved. The truck passed over ¡ him, practically severing hoth legB : fi om his body, and inflicting other in - I juries. I I A Sydney laborer, Reginald Myers, ?was charged with having attempted to pass a counterfeit florin and also with having similar coins in his pos sion. It is reported that he made a statement to the police to the effect j that he had made the counterfeit florins in the Dandenong Ranges in Victoria, where he had 1200 coins in the plant. He was committed for trial. ISBSñlXTKNSrviS ravages by wild 1 dogs are reported from th* I ^^^J Mt. Horeb reserve, between I ^^Bfl Eurongilly and Gilmore I m (N.S.W.), where Mr. Allan QLH^^J| "Wilson, of Gilmore, lost nearly 250 sheep. The flock contained 600 sheep, mostly fuîl woolled wethers. The next day. men skinning ' the dead sheep, shot two dogs. Because of differences with officials on the question of policy, Mr. Bro dalry Marlen, manager of the Communist Seamen's Club in Sydney, has been ex- pelled from the Communist Party. He declined to discuss the reasons. According to estimates -prepared by the Markets Department, the present fruit season is expected to be unusu- ally heavy, 20.000,000 cans of fruit being available for consumption in Australia. A suggestion bas, been, made to reduce the price per tin. A court martial has found Lieuten- ant-Commander Thomas Ramsay Beatty guilty of negligently suffering the cruiser Dauntless to be stranded near' Halifax, Nova Scotia, on July 7. Commander Beatty has been dismissed his ship and severely reprimanded. Captain K. D. W. Macpherson, who was. in command when the vessel struck, has also been dismissed and reprimanded, the court finding that he had not checked the Commander's course. . Abnormal rises in the water tev¿l ot the ïangtse Valley (China), ar« reported, resulting in the usual heavy loss of life-. The native "shipping suffered heavily, and several foreign steamers trading in the gorges had miraculous escapes from disaster on thc rocks. Hundreds of dead bodtr-s are floating down the swollen river. In the Colombo Police Court last Wednesday, R. C. Taylor, a handsome and well dressed young man, was sen- tenced to a month's imprisonment fo - stowing away on the Ormonde. On board the ship he met a girl who sym- pathised with him and offered to pay his fare. This he declined, and hoped that better times might come wh»n he could marry her. The Navigation Act was hotly de- bated by, a big meeting of the Glen- orchy Agricultural Bureau, in Hobart, on Wednesday. Much concern was evinced on its damaging effect on the primary industries of the island, and it was decided to hold public meetings throughout the State to strengthen the movement for a repeal of tho coastal clauses of the Act. The stormy petrel of Croatian polit- ics, M. Stephen. Raditch, who led the Peasant Party, and who was severely wounded In the National Assembly when a deputy ran amok, died In Bel- grade last Wednesday. Although lat- est reports show that there have been no demonstrations, disorder and riot- ing are feared, and the authorities have i taken steps to preserve order. 1 -What is stated to be the largest Bingle order for steel works equipment ever received by an English firm is to be placed by the Broken Hill Propri- etary Co., Ltd., with the Copper Com- pany, Ltd, destgners of coke ovens and by-products plants. A contract pro- vides for the erection at the Broken Hill Proprietary Steel Works, New- castle, of ; plant costing about ono million pounds sterling. I In response to a call a motor bv.3 ' turned towards the footpath at Glades ; ville, New South Wales, on Monday ' evening, but skidded and struck a ver- andah post, which tore away the rear portion of the vehicle. Some of the ; fragments struck Mrs. Jane Pierce i C57) who sustained severe injuVie^ which later resulted in her death, and Edwin Pierce (30),. Marjory Pierce (28), and Patricia Pierce (2), received abrasions and shock. I The Kinema Inquiry Board appoint- ed to examine the censorship system in India, ? and the question of encour- aging the exhibition of Empire filmF, recommended that no preferential treatment be given to British films in India. The board's proposals include financial aid to producers, the build .ing of more kinema halls, and the creation of a Government Kinema Department «nd a Central Censor Board. The latest development in motor tra veiling is a scheme for the construc- tion of a special motor road from Loudon to Brighton, which would hava no cross roads and would have separ- ate up and down tracks to prevent head-on collisions. Towns would b* avoided and there -would be no spee-i limit. The distance of about 60 miles could therefore easily be covered in one hour, or less than the time taken by the fastest express train. Though it lasted for only a few min- utes, a terrific hailstorm accompanied with a furious velocity of wind, early in the week transformed parts of Bavaria into a devastated battle area. At Ei langen, 2000 well-grown fir tress were snapped or uprooted, harvests of grain and orchards were totally des- troyed, and the railways were strewn with telegraph poles and trees. Hail- stones, as large as pigeons' eggs, broke the windows of the express train from : Hamburg to Munich, which was actu- \ ally brought to a standstill by the fury of the gale. Streets were littered with ! debris, and fire brigades found it dlffi cul to relieve sufferers. j An expedition exploring jSoufh America .reports the accidental discov- ery of an Inca city on the top of Tualnapiccbo mountain. It 'is be- lieved that the town fell during- the advance of the Spanish conquerors. As a result of the foundering of the vessel Wattle, near Salaxnoa, recently, when fourteen notices perished and a patrol officer narrowly escaped, the Home and Territories Department has asked the Administrator of Kew Gui- nea for a report on the seaworthiness of the vessel. lt is thought that the tropical climate may have rendered thc ship unseawo* thy. The submarine F14, which was ram- med and sunk by a destroyer off the Italian coast, was raised and opened last Wednesday. Officials wearing gas masks immediately entered, only to find that the entire crew of 31 had been suffocated by poisonous gas. Ap- parently the storage batteries had been upset during rescue operations, liberating the dangerous fumes. Charged with having criminally as- saulted a young woman. William Jo- seph Baines (22), laborer, was com- mitted for trial in the Sydney Central j Police Court last Tuesday. Evidence showed that the yorong woman, accom- panied by two friends, was induced to go for a ride in a taxi-cab by two men. ' The cat proceeded to Centén jual Park, where the crime was al-' j leged to have been committed. ¡The Danish Ministry of Justice has forbidden Capt. Malcolm Campbell, the pacing motorist, to attempt to brean j tho world's speed record-on the Jut- land Sands. The reason for this de- cision is that the attempt would in- terfere with the right of the public to use the beach. In the Melbourne Criminal Court last Wednesday, two brothers, Francis William Luke (32), and William John Luke (28), were sentenced to four years* and two years' imprisonment respectively, -for housebreaking. Evi- dence disclosed that goods 'to the value of £1000 had been stolen. The Council for Scientific and In- dustrial Research, at Canberra, have created two vacancies for assistants to undertake investigations into the storage, packing, and ripening of fruit One assistant will go to the Sydney University and another to Brisbane. Bananas will form the chief field of inquiry. A motion requesting all affiliated in- stitutes and associations to urge on State Legislatures the necessity of in- troducing, legislation dealing with com-' pany promoters, so called "go- getters" and itinerant land salesmen, was car- ried at the second annual conference of the Federated Real Estate Institutes and Associations of Australia, held at Brisbane on Thursday. Speaking to a meeting of the Cana- dian Club at Toronto, on Tuesday, Mr. Ramsay MacDonald interpreted the ideals of the British Labor Party, V which, he said, stood to create, not to, destroy. It was an avowed opponent of Communism, and sought to improve future generations without losing sight of the British ideal. The La- bor Party was an intellectual body, seeking to solve the pressing problems of Britain. Senator M "Lachlan (Assistant Min- ister in the Commonwealth Govern- ment); at a conference at the Colonial Off!oe in London, urged Australian and British co-operation fn the migration of public schoolboys with some capi- tal. For them, he said, there was little provision for going to Australia, except a small private scheme in Mew South Wales, the success of which en- couraged its extension to other States. This extension ls endorsed. The Moscow Supreme Court, after a three weeks' trial, has sentenced to death a director and the local branch manager of a wine company for abuses causing a loss of over 1,000,000 roubles Three others were sentenced to im- prisonment. Ko details are available, but it has been suggested that the Soviet is endeavoring to cover up the failure of its regime by attacks on administrators. "The only way to prepare for peace is to protect, those who desire it by preventing war through preparation for. war,", said the Secretary of the American Navy (Mr. c. D. Wilbur), when addressing students lat the Uni- versity of Washington on Monday. He urged the country to adhere to the navy programme, and said he believe 1 that If they were faithful to the pro- gramme they need not fear war. A syndicate of Italians who re- covered from the sunken Belgian steamer Elizabeth ville a safe supposed to contain £1,250.000 worth of precious stones received a shock when the safe was opened. It contained only sealed packets of Belgian francs-2000 all told-and a few coins, but no dia- monds. The recovery of the safe from the centre of a mass of steel wreck- age at a depth of 40 fathoms is re- garded as an epio in salvage work. "The tram must have swerved to- wards me," was the explanation which George William Watts (30), manufac- turer, gave to the police when charged with having driven a motor car while under the influence of liquor and with colliding with a tram-car. as a result of -which Stanley Hooper (23), of Col- lingwood, Vtotorta, was severely in- jured. Both of Hooper's legs were crushed and the bones for several inches laid bax«. One of his toes was amputated at the Melbourne Hospital. BHE hot spell on the Contin- ent has had its effect on the populace. At Buda- pest early this ?weet bath- ers frequenting the restau- rants in their bathing dress were interrupted by the Mayor. Gendarmes with fixed bayonets marched 10 belles clad, in their tights to the police station where they were fined 6s. 8d. each. ' j The volcano Vesuvius was in eran- j tion on Wednesday, flames spouting j from the south-west ' crater. Und a quantity of lava formed a lake S3 i yards in diameter. The valleys were threatened by the overflow from this molten lake. . _ ' ' Watkin Williams, the Cardiff ship- owner, who was prosecuted last year for sending the British steamers Eastway and Tideway ' to sea in an unseaworthy condition, ns a result of which the Eastway foundered off the Bermudas with a loss of 23 lives, has now had an order in bankruptcy made against him. Although there ls. no need for. anx- iety regarding the state of Sir Aus- ten Chamberlain's- health, the Secre- tary of State for Foreign Affairs has been ordered a complete rest by bis physicians... The Sing has approved of Lord Cushendun carrying out the portfolio and leading the British de- legation at Geneva. The Norwegian Admiralty announces that the search for Captain Amund- sen will be continued until the end of August. The Japanese naval trainees in the ships Idzumo and Yakumo arrived at Suva (Fiji) on Thursday end saluted ? the port. A civic reception in the Town Hall was tendered to the senior officers. On Wednesday a terrific storm swept over south and central Florida, and caused damage to . property estimated | at 6,000,000. Scores of bouses were < unroofed, crops were laid waste and public utilities were crippled. In the New Zealand House of Repre- sentatives, Mr. T. K. Sidley gave no- tice of - his Intention to introduce a Summer Time Empowering BUL The j object is to grant power to municipali- ties, counties, and town boards to adopt summer time hi their respective districts. The conference at Bagdad between the British. Commissioner and the King of Hedjaz and Sultan of Ne jd for a settlement of outstanding ques- tions has broken down. Precautions against possible raids by Arabian tribesmen are being taken on the Iraq frontier. A wireless message was received from the steamer Stanley Bollar, bv the Japanese station at Tokio, on Wednesday, stating that the! vesssl twas in a disabled condition in the neighborhood of the Kurilc Islands, owing to trouble with the boilers. The steamer President Grant went to the rescue. A fire completely destroyed two rooms on the fourth floor of Albany Chambers in Collins-street, Mel- bourne, on Thursday evening. The rooms were tenanted by the Universal Cash Orders, Lt<L, and the contents were wholly destroyed. The firemen worked under great difficulties and prevented the fire from spreading. Two Victorian policemen, were re- cently charged with brutality, and the board of inquiry gave its decision on Thursday. One, Constable Cornelius Edward Murphy, was fined £10, the charge being proved, and the other, Constable Francis Kl Mott, was found not guilty. The Anding will go before the Governor- in-Councll for his ap- proval. H.M.A.S. Brisbane arrived a day earlier at Honolulu than expected. The British Consul (Mr. G. Hastings I Phipps), however, notified the com- mittee, which welcomed the crew of the "Brisbane. A programme of en- tertainment has been arranged, and calls will be made on the Governor of i Hawaii (Mr. W. R. Farrington), and I the Military and Naval Commanders. On returning to his home. Frank Melius, a prominent Los Angeles sportsman and manufacturer, found his. wife's nude body terribly mutil- ated in her bed- room. On searching, he found a butcher named Leo Kelly crouching in a closet. Although an an j nouncement has been made that the finger-prints on the weapon do not be I long to Kelly, he has been charged with murder. At an inquest conducted at Fort Adelaide on Thursday, concerning the death of Edward Clark (20). whose body was found in a bathroom at Largs Bay last Sunday evening, the Coroner returned a verdict that de- ceased was gassed and that the gas was given off from the bath-heater. The gas bath-heater was installed without a flue, and the postmortem ex- amination revealed carbon-monoxide poisoning. The committee appointed to consider amendments to the Crimes Act to pro- vide for more effective methods of pre- venting crime made important recom- mendations to the New South Wale« Cabinet on Thursday. The attitude o( leniency adopted by some Magistrates towards inveterate criminals was crit- icised, as was the practice of adjourn . lng the hearing of criminal cases on , flimsy pretexta, 