: — : ; . . . : . ; I . . ! | Woman's World f j THE LONDON STAGE — WEST END PRODUCTIONS | Two Australians j ! who have been | given a chance I ENGAGED The engagement is announced of Betty Maxwell, cider daughter of Mr and Mrs P. . C . Shato, of Grosvcnor street,' Brighton, to Dr. WaMron Keith Davenport , son of Dr. and Mrs Arthur Davenport, High sfrcef. St. Kltda. SOCIAL GOSSIP In Today's News Mrs W. IT. Irwin (Miss Edith Mor ris). a former headmistress of the Church of England Girls' Grammar School, will arrive from Adelaide to morrow to be present at the celebra tions of the 2oth anniversary of the school. She win bo the guest of Mrs Herbert Brookes while in Melbourne. Mr and Mrs Bert Hlnkler, with Mrs Hinklcr, senr., were tho guests of the AVar Widows and Widowed Mothers' Association. In conjunction with tho Partially .Blinded Soldiers' Association, at Anzac House this afternoon. To welcome homo Mr J. Browning- Mummery. of the Wllliamson-Melba Grand Opera Company, and Mrs Mum mery, who arrive by. the Orsova on Monday, Mr and Mrs J. C. Elliott, of Gleaitilt road, , Gardiner, are giving a party on the evening of May 17. Sis girls nominated ' by the Vic toria League, through its Immigra tion Committee, are due to arrive by the Orsova on 'May 7. Applica tions by poople requiring nursery governesses or lady helps should be made at once to th© Victoria League, GO Market street. Full particulars of nominees may bo seen at this, ad dress, any day, Saturdays excepted, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Swinburne Old Collegians are holding another of their popular dances in tho Masonic Hall, Launder street. Glenferrte, on May 5. Mrs L.vall. of the Foreign Mission Office of the Assembly Hall, who unT derwent an operation. Is progress ing favorably. She is not expected to resume duty for at least- three months. Mr and Mrs George Chataway. with their smajl son, have left the flat at "The Nest." Balaclava road, to settle In the house they acquired recently in Banksla road,. Caulfield. Mrs Allan Hopper, wife of Mr Allan Hopper, chief of the Common wealth Reporting Branch, and her three children, left on Wednesday .by the Esperance Bay for Scotland for a holiday. Mr Juan Cortez, formerly of Mr Bert Bailey's Company, left this week for Adelaide to join Mr William An derson's dramatic company, now ap pearing at the Prince of Wales Theatre. The engagement is announced of Ailsa (Elsie), only daughter. of Mrs E. W. Craig and the late Mr Craig. C.E., of 303 Malvern road. East Mal vern. and Dr. W. D. Lee Farrar, eldest son of Mr and Mrs J.'D. Farrar. of "Lisnevagh," Princess .street, ICew The Little Art Theatre Company, under the direction of Mr J. Beres- ford Fowler, will produce "You Never Can Tell," Bernard Shaw's comedy, at Queen's Hall, on Saturday even- DANISH NIGHT AT THE OPERA At the Initial performance of Faust' by the Italian Grand Opera Company at the Princess Theatre next Monday night, the Danish com- , munity In Melbourne will gather In force to welcome their famous coun trywoman, Slgnorlna Marghorlta Flor, who will appear ns Marguerite. The Consul for Denmark, Mr P. J. 1 lo Men sen, will be present, also Mr J. Lyng, president of the Danish Club, and Mr A. Hornemann. man ager, and Mr Zlrnmerdahl, editor of the Scandinavian newspaper, "Nor- den." NEW WAY CURRY Made with Nuts Nuts are very nice made Into a curry. Any variety of nut will' do. Fry a sliced onion and a sliced apple in a tablespoonful of butter. .When soft stir in 1i cups of mill;' and a dessertspoonful of curry powder, j mixed to a paste with a tablespoon j l'ul of Hour anil two cups of fresh walnuts, shelled. 1'ut a layer of cooked rice at tho bottom of some ramakln cases, place the curry on top. When it has cooked for about 20 minutes, add a. \ half alicc of lemon on top of curry. XAVIER COLLEGE Fete Opened Todau Organisers of tho fcto which was opened at Xnvler College this after noon did not tako any risks . with weather conditions. They resisted the temptation to use the beautiful gar den and quadrangle as n setting,' and decided to put everything under cover. In the school assembly hall were erected tho Ave stalls — 1 flowers, sweets, produce, calces and fancy goods— while afternoon tea was served on tho balconies and in the dining-room; Quantities of gay floral decorations gavo a festive air to tho hall whleli this evening wllLbe. lighted, with fes toons of w.ee colored globes and-large Japanese lanterns. Tho sweet stall drew a continuous stream' of young folk. Next door to it was erected a Punch and Judy show, for which Mrs W. J. IVearne defrayed the expenses. Members of the organising commit tee — a small but. enthusiastic band — hope to raise more than 12000 toward the building of a memorial chapel nt . Xavier College. The fete will be open tomorrow afternoon and evening. HAND-MADE RUGS Craftswoman's New Book In a new booklet. . "Profitable Hob bles," Mrs Henrietta C. Walker, the well-known craftsworrtan, lots readers Into the secret of malting beautiful rugs for next to nothing. Her method does away with sthe'. tedium of work ing on hesslan, and ulso with the need of a frame — two annoyances that put people off trying to make rugs by hand. The work Is .done on Smyrna rug canvas, which ranges in price, from fifteen pence to four shil lings a yard. Only waste material Is required, and the result can be truly beautiful. In her own home at Ring- wood. Mrs Walker has some really lovely- floor rugs made by herself. The booklet also gives practical guidance on the making of raffia hats, the treatment of flax for plaiting and how to work up stringy bark Into various useful devices. - It Is on 6ale at . the. Arts and Crafts - Society, 323 Bourko street, and the Austral Library, Collins street. TOC H BIRTHDAY Homen Helpers' Luncheon Lady Somcrs attended a luncheon at, the Lyceum Club today given by the Victorian Toe 1-1 League of Women- Helpers In connection with tho Australian Birthday Festival of Toe H, which ' opened today. In the party were five interstate visitors — Toe- Emmus who have come- over to confer "about -League matters and make an exchange of ideas. Miss Kathleen Norrls and Miss Kelso King came from- New South Wales; Mrs Robin, wife of Canon - Robin, from Queensland: Miss M.-irJorle Ridley and Miss Evelyn Andrews, B.Se., Irom West Australia; also present was Miss Jean -Sanger, a Victorian who repre sents the country groups In' both the West and New South Wales. This, morning the little group met In conference at the -Lyecuiu Club with Miss D. Barnard and Miss Gonjui McGregor, the Victorian re presentatives. This . afternoon they will be joined by other Melbourne members of the League at The Palms, Alexandra avenue, and this evening ther.e is to bo a social evening at the L.W.1I. headquarters 'in Pitt's Buildings. Collins street. It has been decided by the Golf Club to -hold monthly dances at tho Seaside Golf House, Clifton Springs, on the first' Saturday In each month. Tho next danco will tako'plaeo tomor row. Miss Anona Winn, of Sydney, who recently lnd the good fortune to play the leading part in "Hit the Deck" at the London Hippodrome through having been made under study to Miss Ivy Tresmand. She played the lead with success dur ing Miss Tresmand's absence. Miss Winn is 22. She is a good actress and dances well. A bright future should be in store for this talented actress. Ha&sono;, London. Miss Keira Tuson, daughter of Mrs Harold Tuson, Koorine, East Melbourne, who had the honor of being made understudy to Miss Helen Gilliland, in a new musical comedy Lady Mary presented at Daly's Theatre toward the end of January. Miss Tuson left here about two and a half years ago to try her luck in London. She got in with a good touring company and went through the provinces play ing in "No No Nanette." She was cast for Lucille, the part played in Australia by Miss Madge White. A I andon pro ducer saw the Australian girl in "Bow Bows" and offered her the understudy in "Lady Mary." 