I I • * 15! Notes and Comments } ® * t * i STATE ELECTIONS. BULIMBA SEAT. MRS. LONGMAN SELECTED FOR ENDORSEMENT. A meeting of a joint selection committee was held at the rooms of the Queensland Women's Electoral League yesterday afternoon, Mr. J. Shaw presiding. The committee comprised delegates from the Country-National Organisation (Bulimba), and th Queensland Women's Electoral League (Bulimba). After hearing the three candidates ,a ballot was taken by Mrs. J. H. Goldsmith and Mr. J. Shaw, and resulted in Mrs. H. A. Longman being selected for endorsement as the Country-Na Bulimba. — tional Party candidate for The Brisbane "Courier," Oct. 16, 1928. * * * HELP THE MOTHERS, SAYS ORCHARD. MODEL HOSPITAL WANTED FOR CANBERRA CITY. Parkes, Thursday.—R. B. Orchard, No. 1 Nationalist candidate for the Senate, speaking in Parkes, commanded the efforts of Dr. Watson Munro in N.S.W. and Dr. Marshall Allan in Melbourne for better training of doc- tors in maternity; and backed Prime Minister Bruce's proposal for a Commonwealth Bureau of Maternal Hygiene. "There ought to be a model maternity hospital in Canberra," said Mr. Orcalird; "it would be a boon to the surrounding districts, and an example for all Australia to emulate. "If I am elected I will keep pressing the Government, inside and outside Parliament, to take this step of e practical energy." * * # MRS. AMELIA MACD01VALD, J.P. It gives us great pleasure to announce the appointment of Mrs* Amelia Macdonald, J.P., of Perth, as President of the Australian Auxiliary Immigration Council. • * * THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS ASSEMBLY. An interesting private letter, written ten at Geneva, September 18, has been received from Mrs. Carlisle McDonnell (S.A.). Australia's Woman Alternate Delegate to the Assembly eof th League of Nations, September, 1929. Mrs. McDonnell says, inter alia: "This is a strenuous life, but I want to tell you that I am meeting many interesting people here. 1 sat next to Nansen at si<1 inner given by the Danish Delegation, and among other guests at this hotel recently was Bernard Shaw. "The women delegates are very helpful and charming, especially the Scandinavian women, among whom is Mdlle. Hesselgrin from Sweden, who strikes me as being particularly able; she is a senator and a factory inspector. Dame Edith Littleton (G.B.) is also most capable aiul Iisis done splendidly. "When her Report on Child Welfare was under discussion in Committee. I was able to have certain resolutions inserted dealing with Films Censorship, in the direction of control of advertisements and publicity generally. "In my address I covered the question of licensed houses, the age of consent, and marriage. The portion of my address dealing with the question of women police was delivered in the Assembly, and aroused considerable interest, especially the system obtaining in South Australia. "I have seen a fair amount of Dame Rachel Crowdy and Madame Spiller, and they have been very kind and helpful " • * * MOTHERCRAPT. From 5 to i> o'clock every day this week a Health Week demonstration of the Karitane system of mothercraft will be given in the basement of Farmer's Ltd. At the stall arranged by the Australian Mothercraft Society, information as to its work can be obtained. Displays of the Karitane cot, clothing, and the proper utensils for the preparation of baby foods are on view. Literature on baby management and welfare can also be obtained. Matron MacMillan. of the Australian Mothercraft Society is in charge of the display, and is assisted by Miss Vidler. the matron of Karitane, and Sister Prain.— S.M. "Herald." Oct. 9, 1928. * * $ HAWAIIAN LEAGUE FOR PENAL REFORM. Miss Gertrude Eaton. Vice-Chairman of the above League, Headquarters of which are in London, writes to the Editor of "Dawn" from Geneva, enclosing a copy of the International Convention on the Treatment of Prisoners, which was placed in the hands of all the delegates to the League of Nations Assembly. Miss Eaton states that Mrs. Carlisle McDonnell, Australia's woman delegate, is to lunch with her at the International Club, and that she hopes to obtain her interest and support on this question. In the next issue of "Dawn" we hope to outline the terms of the appeal made to the League of Nations Assembly on behalf of Political Prisoners in Europe. * * * MATERNAL WELFARE. COMMITTEE'S SUGGESTIONS. A committee, consisting of Dr. J. C. Windeyer, Dr. E. Sydney Morris, and Dr. E. Ludowici, appointed to consider the question of maternal welfare, yesterday submitted a report to th Royal Society for Welfare of Mothers and Babies. It is anticipated that as opportunity occurs further additions to the obstetric training of medical students at Sydney University will be instituted. The report states that there is urgent need for provision for research and investigation at the obstetric hospitals. Radiological, biochemical, and pathological departments are indispensable. The Government should be urged to provide funds for this purpose. The report states that arrangements have been completed for the appointment of nurse inspectors, who would supervise through the medium of the Nurses' Registration Board and the Department of Health, the work of midwifery nurses. The nurse inspectors would inspect all private hospitals, particularly maternity hospitals. Proper standardised records and returns which may be required should be instituted in public hospitals as soon as possible. Each obstetric hospital should provide an ante natal clinic, not only for its own patients but for patients who would be confined outside its own hospital. Ante natal clinics, in suitable situations. should be conducted in connection either with the obstetric hospitals or the baby health centres, or both.— Sydney Morning "Herald." * m m HOSPITAL NURSES' HOURS. (To the Editor of The "Herald.") Sir.—It is more than strange to find that no one tries to institute regulation hours for nurses in our public hospitals. If animals were overworked like these women are the whole community would be up in arms about it. Nurses work from 12 to 14 hours a day. They begin duty soon after 5 p.m., get 40 minutes' leave to change apron, make their own beds, and tidy their rooms. The daily leave is two or three hours. During that time they have to study or spend their time at cooking classes, standing all through the course. Then they return to hospital, and go on duty until very often after 9 a.m. What constitution can stand the strain for any length of time? No wonder so many nurses are ill. Their very vitality is sapped away, and unless more consideration is shown to these splendid, uncomplaining women, their health for future life's duty is in jeopardy.—I am, etc. Oct. 8. "DISGUSTED." 