More Population The Need of Australia Dr( Duhig on Italians TOOAVOOMBA. Juno 18.' . Australia needs more people and tho Italian Is a better asset than tho Ger man," said Archbishop Duhlg, open ing tho. Holy Name Presbytery, yes terday afternoon. Ilo hud always praised -tho former, he added, hut tho Italian' was moro Industrious and a better agriculturist. On Ills way from, 'Brisbane, said Archbishop Duhlg, ho had been at tracted by tho largo areas' of unculti vated; land and the. bedraggled stato of many of tho paddocks, which had not been cleared of stalks of maize. Ho began to ask, hinisolf why tho farmers along tho I-iocky er ' and on tho Darling Downs -confined themselves tq tho samo crop year after year. He- had been assured that thero .Was no place . superior to jho Darling Downs for growing cotton, and ho asked, could thoy .explain "to ".lilm. why thoy wero not growing more cotton; They Avero continually complaining about tho ln- justico that tho primary industries had to suffer, but let /tho farmors take'cqre that they wero riot doing an injustice to themselves, - AVliy not grow loss, irialzo and mors -cotton, - and get £49". nn aero out of - It,- If It was a good; seasoh. It they we're, advised- that It would bo better for them to grow cot ton, then let them begin to grow It.; MORE PEOPLE AVANTED. Un'employpiont, worit on Dr. Duhlg,. wns an'old problem, but ono thqt.could ho solved If ppoplo would work /to'-' gctlier. Australia wanted riioro pebble/ It was. said that Immigration would produco moro unemployment, but 'ho believed that Instead ,of doing/that it/ would bo a' big -clement" in stopping' unemployment. - It. was ridiculous 'to soo Queensland standing , still with under 1,0.00,000.-' people. They must'; liavo population, boforo ; Quecnslaiid could prosper as it should. ' Tlioy spoke about a "White Australia." ' Lot thorn, have a "Wlilto Australia" hy. all -means but do .not lot them keep out Southern Europeans — tho Italians, and people of other eountrlos, (who could show thern actually 'how to work tlio- land. Tho Italian, ho addod, was a greater, asset, to tlio country than tho. GOrriian. Ho had" always - praised tlio German farmer," but the Italian was more In-/ dustrious", and a -'bolter agriculturist. They- should get Italians/ Germans, Maltese, and Danes to eomo out to go' on tho larid, | arid produco for them. Thoy woro foreigners, but they lind as much right to live as tlib rest of them. Some of tho host Australians tliey had over had wero foreigners, and their worth was provfcd in tho Great War. Theso people's children would ho good Australians, and tliey should tie wel-. coined to Australia. / I LOOK TO THE COUNTRY; I Pooplo at Toowoomba, said Dr. Duhlg, had a dairying industry in their midst, but, ho asked, woro they doing all thoy could to foster tho In dustry. No person who . knew tho in- lustry 20 years ago figured , what, .It would ho like to-day. It was a great wedit to Queensland, hut thoy, had to a! very careful to guard their pro- 1 nets. Ho was assured that the rouble was In London, because tiest Australian butter was taken and sold as either Danish and Irish butter, vhlle second-grade butter was sold at Australian butter. Butter- sold as Australian was therefore not the prime product of tho country at nlL There should ho some representative ^Lon don to .see that their products were sold as Australian, and .not as Danish or Irish. "Look to your primary Industries,!' said Dr. Dulilg. "This country can becomo groat on its primary products. Man made tho city but God made the country, and if thq country goes down the city ' goes -down, too.". He ox- pressed the- hope that many 'of tho, boys would turn their - attention, tq land, and would go Into tho country." This might, bo tho last tlirio that he would bo with them, as their Arch- blsliop, concluded tho Archbishop. There aa'ero many rumours; and it looked as If there was somothirig in them; Thoy should not bo surprised it thoy, had a Bishop in Toowoomba' Within 12 months. At St. Patrick's Church, Dr. Duhlg, assisted by Father Schucraft, con- "conflrmed 289 candidates, and at the Holy Namo Church, with tho assist ance of Fathers Cashman, R. O'Dono- huo, nnd C. . Corrlgnn (Sydney), a further 229 .candidates. . 