'THE INEFFICIENCY OP THE . FARMER.' (To the Editor.) Sir— I am directed by my Associa tion to enter a protest, against the growing practice of replying lo the dairy farmers demand for living con ditions with the accusation of lnelf ciency. It is usual to refer to the fact wliccas the Danish farmer ob- : tains 3U0Ibs of butler from his cow, : the Australian gets only 1301b, and no : effort Is being made lo Improve mat- : lera. We are of opinion that the : mere statement ol yield per cow does ; not furnish u complete basis for com- : liarlson. Danish farmers upend larger ? sums on artificial manures obtained : -cheaply. They have smaller herds. : [They have been In the Industry Ion- : I ccr. They have built, up pure bred : herd*. benmnrk Is exporting people. : 'Australia is bringing Immigrants as : jfHKt ob possible, especially from Ens- : ' land. These peoplo coming mostly : I from the cities are put oa tlie land, ? I the fact of their Inexperience 'loe» : not curtail their living necessities, j Tho Danish farmer has no drought or : Uclts lo contend with. He Is within j sight of his market. It the Austra- ; lian farmer reoeived the name price : for his butter as his Danish compel!- ? tor there would be no poor herds In \ Australia. . The yield ot Australian ? cattle has Improved SOIbs per cow In j three, youvs. That means something. ? Wo think the proper basis of cofliparl- : .son la nett return per cow. We will ? not l-e on tho same tooting as Den- : mark for many years yet. We are j pioneering. Scrub has lo be felled. ; in'uss grown, fences and buildings ? erected. It must be remembered that- ? the time which elapses between scru ! fulling und full grassing Is four years ? We don't ask for spoon feeding. We : want merely tariff protection like any ? other primary product. In England, : we want Harmony between Downing ? Street and Tooley Street. It Is use- : Ices tor the tormorto send immigrants ) to Australia wlUi strict instructions to ? take up nrtly primary industry. If the ', latter gives preference to foreigners. ? Yours, etc.. ! WILLIAM C. SOMMEM, j Secretary Huddlebrouk, L.P.A., ! HUlnn Mlllaa. : fMr. Sommer does not refer to the : Increased cost ot labor In Aus- ' tralla'iior .does- he condemn the ; 'Stale rural wage, whloh Indirectly ' makes tilings more costly for the daily farmers, even though It doe* not directly apply to them. He rtoos not mention the State Hos pital. Tax, nor tho State Land Super Tax. All these' make tins produo tlon of butter, cheese and pork mure costly— Ed.) 