More Population The Need of Australia Dr. Duhig on Italians TOOWOOMBA, .June 18. . Australia needs moro people and the Italian Is a hotter nssot than the Gor man," suid Archbishop Duhig. open ing the Holy Name Presbytery yes- tordny afternoon. ' IIo had always praiBed the former, lie added, hut tho Italian wns more Industrious and a better, agriculturist. On Ills way from Brisbane, snlil Archbishop Duhig, ho had boon at.-' tractod hy tho largo areas of unculti vated land and the bedraggled stale of- many of tho paddocks, which had not been cleared of stalks of maize. Ho began to ask himself why tlio farmers along the Lockyer nnd 011 'tho Darling Downs.'conffncd themselves to tho slime crop year after year, lie had been assured that thcro wns no place superior to II10 'Darling Downs for growing cotton, and he asked, could tlicy explain to him why they wero not. growing more cotton. They wore continually complaining' about the In justice that the primary Industries had to suffer, but let tho farmers tnke'cnro that they wore not dolng'nh injustice to themselves. "Why not grow, less fnnlxc and. moro cotton, and get £40 an ai.'l'o out of It, if It was a good season. It they wero advised that It would bo better for them to grow cot ton. - then lot them begin to grow. It. AIORE rEOPLE, WANTED. Unemployment, xvont on Dr. "Duhig, wns an old problem, but ono that could ho solved if people would work to gether. 'Australia wanted moro people. It was said that . immigration xvbukl produco moro unemployment, hut lie believed, that Instead of doing that It would be a big clement In stopping unemployment. It wns ridiculous to soo Queensland standing ' still with under 1,000,900 people.' They must hnvo population boforo Queensland could prosper as lt. sliould. They spokd about a "Whito 'Australia." Lot thom have a "Whito Australia" by all moans hut do not lot \hem keep out. Southern" Europeans — the Italians, and people of other countries, who, could show tlicm actually liow to work the' land.' - ' Tho Italian, ho added, was a greater asset to the country than the German. He had always praised the German farmer, but the Italian, was moro' in dustrious, and a better agriculturist , Thby should get Italians, Germans; ! Aliittcse, and Danes to come out to go orr tho land, and produce for thorn.' They wero foreigners, hut -tlicy had as 'much right to live as the rest ot them. Some ot tho best Australians they had over had were foreigners, and their worth was proved In the Great War. These people's children would bo good Australians, and they should be wel comed to Australia.' . LOOK TO THE COUNTRY. People at .Toowooniba, said Dr. Dulilg, had a' 'dairying industry -In heir midst, but, ho asked, were tlicy lolng all- tlicy could to foster tho in- lustry. No person who" know tho in- ustry 20 years ago llgured what .It iiuld ho like to- duy. It was a great ccdit lo Queensland, but thoy.had to very careful to guard their ' pro- \- diets. Ho was ' assured' that the uible was In London, hocauso best .iistrallan butter, was,- taken, iiiul .sold 's' either Danish -arid Irish butter, bile second-grade butter was sold at ".iistrallan butter. Butter .sold ns . 1 iistrallan was th'ereforo not the prime product of the -country ' nt all, .- Thc should he some representative In Lon don to see that tlioir products were 'soltL as Australian, and not as Danish or Irish. "Look to your -primary industries." said Dr. Duhig. "This cohntry can become groat on Its primary products. Man .nindo tho city but God made tho country, "hud If the country goes down tho city goes down; too." He ex pressed the hope that many of. tho boys would turn their attention to- land, nnd would go into the country. This might he the last time that he would be with them, ns their Arch bishop. concluded tho Archbishop.. There wero many rumours, nml It looked ns If there -was something' in them. They should not lie- surprised If they' had a Bishop In Toowooniba .within 12 months. " ' . At St. Patrick's Church, Dr. Dulilg, assisted by Father Schucrnft,. con- confirmed 280 'candidates, aiul nt the Holy Name Church, ivlth tho assist ance of Fathers Cnshnan, R._0'Dono- hue, rind C. Ciorrlgnii (Sydney), a further 220 candidates.. 