FEDERAL ELECTIONS. -(g)- LIBERAL CANDIDATES AT MILUCENT* SIR GEORGE PEARCE ASSISTS. At the Millicent institute on Tuesday night, local electors, for the first time in the ensuing Federal election campaign, received inscuction Jiow- to vote on November 17 Under the auspices of the Tjib^ral F^'i^ation, they were addressed by Sir George Pearce, P.C., K.C.V.O., of W.A., vice-president of the Federal executive council; Mr M. D. Cameron, M.H.R., who is seeking re- election for the division of Barker; and Senator Hon. John Verran, one of the three Liberal canditdates for , the Senate (the other two are Senator A. W. Robinson, ^nd Sir Edward Lucas). In the absence from the district of Gr J. B. Mitchell, chairman of the Millicent district council, Cr Jas. Malone presided and introduced the speakers. Sir George Pearce spoke for an hour, Mr Cameron for 40 minutes, and Senator Verran occupied about 50 minutes. The audience included several ladies. The Financial Agreement. SIR GEORGE PEARCE reminded the electors that, in connection with the elections, a referendum would be taken on a question of altering the constitution, to enable the Commonwealth government to make financial agreements frith the States, and to take over the whole of the State debts. The object in view was to avoid competition in borrowing. He believed the agreement, if ratified by the electors, would cnhance the credit of Australia overseas, and would help the Commonwealth to borrow at a lower rate of interest. The opposition in the Federal Parliament was in favor of the proposed alteration of the constitution, although it was not in accord with the particular agreement which had. been put fro ward. He urged the electors to vote "Yes" at the referendum. Immigration. Policy. The Bruce-Page government, which had been in office for six years, believed in doing everything that was possible, to increase the population f Australia. They favored a vigorous immigration policy, but did not approve of 4ndiscriminate immigration. ince America adopted the quota system to limit the influx of Europeans, he overcrowded countries , of the old world had .been forced to look elsewhere for an outlet, and a portion, of the stream haa been turned in the direction of Australia, hence the in low of Southern Europeans. The ruce-Page government was watching the position very closely, and had aken action, to limit the number of rrivals. Due regard must be taken f the susceptibilities of other nations. If they desired peace, they could not fford to offend any foreign nation by cting in an abrupt or unfriendly way. he passport system had been adopted, nd when a foreigner left his own country for Australia it was now ecessary that he should have his assport vised by the British consul. t had been arranged that the number f endorsements on such passports hould be limited in future. In Sep tember the Italian government imosed very severe restrictions upon he migration of able-bodied adults, nd arrivals in Australia from Italy ere now limited to relatives of Itaians already in this country. The overnment had undertaken that no ore than 3,000 Italians should be llowed to enter in any one year. he results of this action were seen n the statistics for the past eight onths, compared with those for the orresponding period last, year:— 1927 1928 talians 3,792 1,284 reeks 834 487 ugo-Slavs . . . . . . 715 473 Totals . . . . 5,341 2,244 Sale of the Ships. Opponents of the Bruce-Page government alleged that, by the sale of the Commonwealth line of steamers, producers and industries generally had been left at the mercy of a shiping monopoly, and that freights would be raised in consequence. The ships were purchased by the Hughes government during the war, when freights were high and shipping was scarce, and great profits had resulted. When shipping was released after the war, fierce competition ensued, freights came down, and the running of Commonwealth ships became unprofitable. The line was reduced to seven ships—five Bay and. two Dale steamers. The position became worse, and Australia was losing £500,000 per year on the seven steamers, and was facing the necessity of building more boats if the line was to be run on a profitable, basis. In calling tenders for the purchase of the line, the government stipulated that the steamers must be kept on the Australian run, and that they must be supplemented by other steamers. Prior to the sale, Australia had not had more than a three-weekly or monthly service, but in future there would be a fortnightly service from a similar class of ships. There was also an undertaking not to increase exigttpg freights and fares without the consent of . a committee representing Australian Interests. The opposition contended that the saving to the people of Australia in freights and fares more than compensated for the loss of half a million pounds per year. Australia's principal exports were wheat, wool, meat, fruit, and butter. New Zealand exported the same goods over a similar distance. New Zealand owned no ships, and the Commonwealth line did not trade to New Zealand. Yet, since the war, the freight on meat, wool, fruit and butter from New Zealand to the United Kingdom was lower than from Australia to London; so it was not the competition of the Australian line that had kept the freights down. Mr Scullin, speaking in Adelaide, said the .ships would have been of great value for defence purposes. It was obvious that they were still available for that purpose. In the event of war/ the Commonwealth had the power to commandeer every ship flying the British flag in Australian waters, provided that the Admiralty considered it worth while to take them. The sale of the ships had saved Australia- an annual loss of £500,000. Immigration and Unemployment. Reverting to the question of immigration, Senator Pearce said it had been alleged that this had something to. do with the '"unemployed problem. Unemployment, however, was largely due to the failure of the harvests in the three principal States. This was illustrated by the position in Western Australia, where the crops had been good, and had drawn an influx of people from the eastern States. In the years when immigration had been greatest, there had been the least unemployment, and vice versa. Under the present system, only the British migrant received - assistance. No inducement was held out to the foreigner. No British migrant received help unless he was nominated toy a State government, or by friends or relatives in Australia, and it was necessary that a job should be waiting for him when he arrived. The greatest number of immigrants during the past few years had been domestic servants and farm laborers. Women and boys were being specially trained in England for work in Australia. Men, Money, Markets. The government was determined to develop the country, and was concentrating upon its primary and secondary industries. An increased Australian market meant more Australian produce. A hundred years ago America. threw' its doors wide opes to people from all countries. To-day they had a home markgj 000,000 people. Australia had six miUions^ and a further market of 48,000,000 in the United Kingdom. America was a free trade country, paying the highest wages in the world, yet it could send its manufactures to Australia over a high tariff wall, and compete with and undersell the cheap labor products of Germany, Belgium and France. The surest cure for unemployment was to build up primary production and have a home market for the greater proportion of the produce. Australia consumed 20 per cent, of its dried fruits, and sold 80 per cent, overseas. The figured should be reversed. America consumed 80 per cent, of its produce. It was sold on the home market at such a price that the country could afford to accept a low rate for its surplus of 20 per cent., which was exported to other countries, to compete with the imports from Australia. The Commonwealth had infinite capacity "for development. They wanted men to people the country, and money to develop it. Mr Scullin had criticised the government because it had borrowed money for this purpose. He refrained, however, from mentioning the particular loan to which he objected. Private capital in Australia was limited, and if the governments borrowed it for developmental schemes there would be no financial backing for private enterprises, and interest rates would rise and be reflected in higher costs of production and living. Between them, the Commonwealth and the States had borrowed £i,100,000,000. Would any one say it should not have borrowed, and that Australia did not want the railways, roads, telephones, post offices, harbors, water schemes, and other public utilities upon which the money had been expended? The demand was for more, and still more expenditure of the kind. Excluding the huge war debt, the outlay was in the main reproductive. A population of only six million people had reached the limit of their borrowing capacity. If there was to be further development, more people were required to share the interest charges and general taxation, to produce more, and to be able to borrow more. It was the policy of the government to bring about development in that way. Its slogan was: "Men; Money; Markets." An agreement had been entered into with the British government whereby £34,000,000 had been made available for Australian developmental schemes at li per cent, interest for the first 10 years. If that money were wisely expended, the schemes that absorbed it should be soundly established in ten years and able to . pay the rate of interest at which the money was borrowed. Meanwhile, the government accepted responsibility for tho diference above 11 per cent. The recently appointed Development and Migration Commission ha.l saved the taxpayers of one State a loss of £4,000,000, and the resultant interest charges, by rejecting a schema which, had the State concerned baen able to finance it, would have t».cec carried o«t, w}th disastrous results. On the other hand, schemcs thai w?re- approved of by the commission as economically sound were being financed from the migration grant. The government had established a bureau of science and industry, and it had discovered a parasite which, he believed, would successfully conbat the blowfly pest, and save Australia an annual loss of at least £4,000,000. In Queensland and New South Wales, 60 pillion acres of good land was over-run with prickly pear, and the pest was spreading at the rate of a million acres yearly. Already the bureau had been the means of holding the growth in check, and, in course of time, the prickly pear scourge would be wholly eradicated. The value of that achievement was almost incalculable. Transport Workers* Act. In these days of fierce competition, a. country, jn,.prder to-.live, must eliminate all • waste "and • be thoroughly efficient. Australia had high standards of wag-es and living. Efficiency was the keystone to the maintenance of those conditions. Yet, since the year 1916, the country had been disrupted- by the doctrines of a band of men who bad preached class war. The "wage slaves" were being urged to declare war to the death and to exterrftinatb the capitalists. These men had concentrated upon the transport services of the country, knowing how vital those services were to the wellbeing of Australia. Scarcely three months in any year since 1916 had been allowed to pass without a hold up of some kind, in one or other of the States, of the maritime industry. The country could not stand that sort of thing indefinitely. That way lay national bankruptcy., disaster, ruin. The unions bad gone to the Arbitration count—a tribunal of their own crcation—time after time, and, so soon as an award was made, they defied it. Recently there had been a deliberate marshalling of forces in all the States to defy the waterside workers' award. The government decided, before "the Federal Parliament dispersed, that it should have power to settle the busi-. hess at once and for. all time, The Parliament haa passed an extraordinary Act, but it was justified in the circumstances. The government had sought and obtained power to make regulations to deal with the transport of the produce of the country. The power had been granted against the vote and the bitter opposition of the Labor party. Parliament was told that it was intended to issue licenses to work that would not discriminate between unionists and nonunionists, but which would not be issued to men who refused to obey the laws of the Commonwealth. If a man whose licence was cancelled by the Commonwealth officer felt, aggrieved, he had the right of appeal to a magistrate. That law had come to stay. (Loud applause.) It would not remain in its present form. The government had no desire to legislate by regulation. When Parliament reassembled, and if the present government were returned to power, the law would be embodied in an act About 12 months ago a strike occurred in the South Johnston sugar mill, in Queensland. It extended to the wharves, when the seamen declared the sugar, black. The farmers manned the wharves, and got it away. Then the unions black-balled the farmers, refusing to handle any goods going to or coming from them. Some of the farmers had been utterly ruined. Then the union, leaders interfered with the working of ships in other ports. Ship-owners who employed men to unload their boats should have the right to say where goods were to be placed. The unions, however, de-. manded tfrqt the goods should h>3 dumped at their discretion, and re-, fused to obey the owners, placing the merchandise on the wharves in such a way that double handling was neces- sary. That sort of humbug had to bie stopped. (Applause.) The government intendeds lo stop it. They were not cut to smash the unions, but to give the honest, decent working men of Australia, who. wanted ,iq -earn a living decently, a chance to do it without being humbugged and pulled about by agitators. (Loud applause.) Maintaining Law and Order. .Opponents of the government knew what disastrous consequences would follow the latest upheaval on the water-front. They knew 'it would lead to more unemployment. Yet, not one of them raised his voice in protest, Some did, later, but not until public opinion bad been thoroughly aroused, and the government had decided to face the electors. Then they advised the men to "go back to "work —because they.had no chance of success. The hypocrisy of it! If they were likely to . succeed, they might continue But lised that the "community was fed up, and determined to end the nonsense. Although the election was not brought, about as a result of the strike, it was yet one of the issues. If .the country was to have order, and; be efficient, it must have, a government that would enforce the law. The government was. determined to maintain-la^. and order. The Crimes Act was directed against the unruly, irreconcilable element It had proved effective. When that law was passed, the government was unable to get provisions and supplies to its own light-houses without the consent of the.. seamen's union. All sorts of subterfuges had to be resorted to in order to keep the lights going. For a time, it was the seamen's union that was governing the country. But the government manned its supply ships with government servants. Then the ships were declared black, and the watsrsiders refused to coal them or put supplies on board. As a result, two militant gentlemen who told the men not to tobch the ships had each been fined £150, in default two months in gaol. The fines were paid, and the ships had since been working without interruption. (Applause.) There were no bribes in the Bruce programme. They were not offering the electors any sops.. The country could beconje great only by hard work. There was no' ether royal road to fortune. The government, would use all its powers, and would co-operate with the States, and work in every way tc assist th2 pecplo who wanted to work, to protect them if necessary, and to sive them, every chanco to suceced. " Eveiy item in the government programme' expressed itself In these terms. (Applause.) The Programme Completed. ,Mp M. D. CAM ERON, MiH.R., warmly thanked Sir George Pccxce for coming along to r.ssist him in his campaign. During the speaker's recent long illness at Canberra, it had taken a great lead off his mind to have .the prpmisa of such .& champion - to explain the policy of the government to 'electors at Milljccnt, Mount Gambier, Penola, and Naracoorte. Sir George had served continuously in the Federal Parliament since its inception 28 years ago. Ee shared that unique distinction with the Right Hon. W. M. Hughes, P.C., and the Hon. David Watkins, who were still members of the House of Representatives. The.i policy of the Bruce-Ppge government, which the speaker stood for at the Federal elections three yetxs ago, had been carried cut almost ill it3 Entirety. Only the-national insurance, scheme remained in abeyencs: A bill j to cover the proposals of the government in. that direction was introduced" during the final stages of the lr.st ses : sic-n. At the second reading stage it was put aside, in ord-sr that members might consider it during The recess, and it would come en asrain early in the next session Tfce "clcctienS were timed for November 17 a considerable time before, the waterside trouble occurred. The government had completed its programme, and felt that November was the most suitable time for the electors , to choose their government for the next three years. / Defence Policy. The Commonwealth government, in reducing taxation during itis six years of office, had accomplished something unique in the British Empire during that period, with the exception of England. South Australia at ^ present was the most heavily taxed of the six States. The arrangement recently made -between the States and" the Commonwealth meant that South Australia was £122,000 better off than under -the system' of per capita payments., He had supported the abolition of the per capita system because - it ;was,jip| fair to-the ..^Mate^Stete^' He heartily, approved of the . new "financial" arrangemeacs Commonwealth and 'die States. The government had carried, out its defence policy by providing two cruisers, two submarines, a floating dock, and an aeroplane carrier, all of which had been. paid. for. out of accumulated surpluses. The programme for the future would be along the lines cf aeroplane defence. - They were sometimes told that Australia did not need a defence force. Their very ideals were an answer to the; argument. The White Australia policy, for example, was a religion rather than a policy. In itself it was a challenge to other nations. They did not understand it, or sympathise with it. Even in England, the ideal of a White Australia did not appeal. A Labor member cf the British Empire delegation had assured him that Labor people at home could,.not understand the Australia point of view of that question. The League of Nations might some day call upon Australia to make room for people, whom Australians might not care, to welcome. They might, therefore, have to defend the White Australia policy, and the surest safeguard againBt euch a contingency was to have the waste spaccs occupied by people with whom they could intermingle. If they could not get •enough Britishers, let the doors be opened wid-~ to people of German, Dutch, Danish, or Scandinavian, origin. He supported most heartily the regulations for the registration and licensing of labor on the wharves. Australia would submit no longer to being held up to ransom by a lew extremists. A handful of agitators had collared the labor movement. It was a most difficult thing lor a unionist to breaks.»way tram" cisipnyojE his fellows, but jf, in their loyalty to th^r^jmioiC they exhausted the patterns of the community," it was Ume the government took firm action to check the dominance of extremists ' who had not the interests of the country at heart. Ninety per cent, of the working men "bt Australia were honest, orderrloviag citizens. It was the 19 per cent who were doing all the mischief. ...< Applause.) Country Party Tactics. He understood that it was not the intention. «f the Labor party to nominate a candidate for the Barker electorate; but the Country party had a man in the. field. His opponent, it appeared, had adopted as his policy for the election the difference that existed between the Liberal federation and the Country party in South Australia. In the Federal ' Parliament, the Nationalists and the Country j&rty; had co-operated with the utmost h'armony during the past six years. There was an arrangement whereby members "of the respective parties should net oppose «ath other at the elections. When he heard that the Country party putting up a candidate for Barker, he interviewed Dr Earle Page ahd asked him what sort of joke (Continued FEDERAL ElECIiOBS. -(o>- (Continued from Page 1.) was playing on him. Dr Page replied that tlie party was not opposing him, and Mr Bruce' assured him that there was a definite understanding between himself and Dr Page to that effect. Both leaders promised that, if he; desired it, the Postmaster-general, Mr . Gibson, would come to Mount Gambier to assist him in his campaign. It was apparent, therefore, that neither the Prime Minister nor Dr Page, as leader of the Country party,, desired the return of the would-be supporter who was seeking to oust the speaker from his seat. Mr, Cameron spoke at length, and read copies of letters written by Mr Jenkins, of the Liberal federation, and Messrs Mcintosh, Mc MiUan, and Carter, M's.P„ of the Country party, in refutation of Mr B. "W. Hunt's statements that the Liberal federation was to blame for the rnp; ture with the Country party in South Australia. In conclusion, Mr. Cameron said it • was'impossible for a meiAber of the Federal Parliament from South Aus tralia to spend any length of time in his constituency. The journey from Canbei^a and back occupied seven days.. "Whatever man they elected to represent them must either neglect his Parliamentary duties at Canberra or absent himself from his electorate lor extended- periods.. Three years a ago the speaker, was appointed member of the standing. committee on public works, which met 'frequently between sittings of the Parliament, and made great demands. upon the. time of the members comprising it. He added that voting at the elections on November 17 would be compulsory, and on the preferential system. "Degenerate Rebels.". The HON. JOHN VERRAN said Sir George Pearce and he were both Labor men prior to the great war. A d time came when they had to adjust their lives to, altered circumstances, f and he offered no apology for stand' A ing before them as a candidate under t the flag of the liberal federation. They had left the Labor movement because it was dominated by .unwholesome-minded men. ' He was a. mystery to most men. Starting out in life with no more than a few weeks' education, he had had to work for a crust, but between times found scope to become Premier of a State. He had held everj portfolio a government had to offer, and hardly, knew what he had not been in his time. In fact, he was a mystery to himself. He did not know how he did what he had done. But he did it. Mr Bruce was putting forward a substantial, fair, sound, and sensible policy for . Australia. He admired the. moral courage of the man and his administration, and was proud to support him. Australia had too many anaemic, weak-kneed politicians. He wished some of them were resting in heaven, and out of the way of men. who * wanted to push on with the business cf the country." They all believed in constitutional government, and that the government of the day should be boss of the sidewalk. There could be enly one Prime Minister, at a time. Men like Mr Bruce, Sir Gteorge Pearce, and Mr Latham were the cream of the population. They were being blamed for the expenuiture on the city of Canberra. Most of the men who were responsible for that city of the wilderness were up singing in. heaven that night Canberra was a reality, fifid whether it was in the wrong or the right place it had to be developed. He believed in being obedient to the law. He had reared ten in his house. He was boss there. He was the high priest. In this country to-day there were rebels, degenerate, demoralised scum, and the country was feeding, -them, and playing with them. They had no respect for labor or trades unionism. Their one object was the nationalisation of all industry. They wanted tha shops and the factories for themselves, and would malde bootblacks of the men who lawfully owned them. They started their dirty work in 1911, when that wicked rascal, Tom Mann, came to Australia with another man's wife, leaving hie own at home, lie came and sowed the. seed of all the wickedness they were reaping to day. Who paid these men? Moscow! He had seen the balance sheet. When these men went beyond the limits of public patience they were given three months in gaol. Three months! Cripes, it acted like a tonic cn them! Was the credit of Australia to be ruined, in London, the produce of the country allowed to rot, industry to be paralysed, and poor mothers and children to starve, because 10 per cent, of the population were low, degenerate, demoralising rebels? No wonder the Federal government had hauled them back on their haunches. The Australian work- ing man was the best man on God's earth if left alone. |t was some kink in his nature that let himself be led by the nose by the scum of the earth, a handful of flabbergasters born too late in the summer to ripen, and too soon to be frostbitten in winter, and a godforsaken lot altogether. They had white-anted and wrecked the great Labor movement of Australia. There was no Labor party to-day. It was a heap of ruins: Trade unionism had divorced itself from all its traditions. There was only one union left—the , AW.U. It had secured a divorce fiom the other fellows, and was living alone, fighting ' the rebel mob tooth and claw. Now was the time for the i government to step In and clean the job right up. He had fought through the conscription issue. *fhey were going to burn his house down then, but it was still standing, and he was still going strong at 72 years of age. The people would not allow the country to fall into the hands of such scurvy creatures. His advice was to kick them out of Australia. From Septem- r ber 10 to October 5 the men of Port Adelaide lost £20,000 in wages. Holden's men lost £33,000, never to be recovered. During the year 1927, the porkers of the Commonwealth lost a h h n n f £1,672,000 as a result of strikes and lockouts. And yet they had an Arbitration court, that awarded .good •wages, gpod conditions, almost everything the workers asked of it. And they were not satisfied. They were not honesty At the behest of degenerate agitators they threw.it all away, and asked for something else. When they caught men at Port Adelaide ,breaking the laws of . the country, they gave them two months' gaol, and fined them and allowed them a fortnight to pay up. Was that the . way to rid the country of a public nuisance? The offenders should be put away on Norfolk .Island.. That was the place for Brother Jphansen. What was the. use of. handling rebels with lid gloves?. They were out to undermine, the people., and blow them sky high. Mr Garden loved his fellow man, brown or brindle—he was not particular what color they. were. If John Chinaman was Jock Garden's brother he was not Jack Verran's. Yet he. was the man whom white Australian workmen made their high priest. Such were the men whom the unions chose to be their secretaries and. their treasurers. God must be merciful to unionists, or He would knock some of them out as imbeciles, and all he (Mr Verran) would, say would be: "Blessed are they who die in the- Lord.". They would be happier, in the. .heaven above than they could ever.be in the heaven they were trying to create here below. The speaker was a unionist and an indus trialis<_ He knew the breed of Dalei nd Hyans from A. to Z. The people of this country were much nearer to a revolution than they supposed. The agitators in their midst were in deadly earnest. They worked unmolested. They were deeply interested in their work, they were well-paid, and they were teetotallers. He commented on their teetotalism to a leading Comma nist, who replied: "Jack, we are paying for brains, not for beer." Clean it up, and let them have industrial peace in God's own country. What id the Bolsheviks care for the mothers and children? They wanted ree love — the other fellow's wife. nd this country was molly- coddling' hem. They put one man on a boat, and told him to "get." Nothing had been heard of him since. What was wrong- about passing out the rest of the dirty rebels? It would only have to be done once. "Sardine-box Industry." Continuing, Senator Verran said he was a moderate tariffist. He did not believe in building a high wall around Australia. It was not healthy to be cut entirely off from the sea breezes. Some of the so-called industries of the country were not worth protecting. He would give firms like Holden's, that employed thousands of men, every reasonable protection they asked for; but why make the farmers and other producers pay through' the nose for machinery and qther necessaries just to protect little, tinpot, sardine-box industries th^t were not worth bothering about. Much machinery and many articles of daily use could be made in'Australia, but if men who wanted to make them were prevented from doing so by continuous strikes and industrial wrangles, then let the tariff wall be swept to sea, so that the country could buy what it wanted from people overseas who had more sense. -Look at the industries that had been slaughtered by impos- sible labor restrictions. No doubt about it, the mark of Cain was, on this country. The Labor party hated imptigration because it was afraid of competition, afraid that it %ould interfere with their plans for a 40-hour •week. Did the Australian worker want more time to .equip himself intellectually and morally for the duties of citizenship, or did he want more hours off in which to booze and gamble? He had worked as a miner for 40 years, and said without hesitation that he could not produce as'much copper in 44 hours as he could in 4S. It was utter humbug to say otherwise. That extra four hours was the employer's profit, and . when they took it away from him they closed the mines and killed the goose that laid the golden egg. A man who had been asked once to work overtime at 5/6 an hour, refused to do so. "What's the use of the money to me after hours," he said. "I wouldn't have time to spent .it." The speaker had no time for Italians. The drawing of knives and revolvers at Port Adelaide was enough to make a dccent white man sick. There were white people enough In the old country, in Germany, and the adjacent countries, to fill up Australia. This country had no use for piebalds. {Applause.) A vote of thanks to tlic speakers was carried on the motion of Messrs J. W. Williams and R. c. Mowbray. It was acknowledged by Sir George Pearce, who moved the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. <R. C. Mowbray, George Street, n L s T a 