THE DAIRYING INDUSTRY. teVEW BY EARLE PAGE, inal and Other Aspects. TOE : MARKETING PROBLEMS. Speaking at Byron Bay yesterday, the Federal Treasurer dealt wtih maay important aspects of the dairying industry and marketing problems. He polate^noat that in magnitude, the industry ranks as one of the first industries in Australia. The dairy farms alone represent'a capital of £125,000,- 000 expended on their development and equipment - with an annual production of £45,000,000 of which £30,000,000 is lor milk products. The butter and cheese factories represent a capital outlay of £4,250,000, the. annual value of the products of these factories is, over the last five years, nearly £23,- 300,000, the average annual production of butter for the last five years being about 120,000 tons, of which two-thirds *s consumed locally and one-third exported. On the farms no less than 148,785 people are directly employed in the dairying industry. In the Associated Factories an additional 5,826 people are employed. This factory side of the industry in itself compares favourably with many 6f the big scctudary ' industries in Australia. Directly and indirectly, at least, .1,000,000 people in Australia or oncsiith of oqr total population are de- -p.'IMlent upon the dairying industry, two- thirds of our produce is consumed in Australia. One-third of our total production Is exported in its final stage ready for consumption and is successfully competing with the rest of the would in quality and price. ta the 1027 London Dairy Show, Australian butter. . secured first and third prises and tied for the second prixe with f Canadian factory. In the unqrfted division Australia won the first, second and third prizes against New Zealand and Canadian common. This big exporting industry I to pay for our development, 3tyjagjpg back many millions of fresh ei^utal annually to enable us to carry * The dairying industry is the "par excellence" that keeps together till the children, both boys and girls, have grown to adult life. It seems to the only industry. in Australia that encourage? the growth of big families. It permits advanced parental control and long family association. It enables girls especially to remain at home and profitably fill in their time in a producing industry. It is especially adapted for opening up new country in pioneering districts. It is almost the only land Industry that gives moathly regular rcturwr aud approximates farm conditions to the regular wages and salary of city employment. The dairying industry is of importance to national life also because its successful prosecution depends upon the practical enthusiastic co-operation of the .dairy farmers and of the dairying communities. Australian dairying 'provides probably the highest example ot co- operation in the world. In the Paterson Scheme for the provision of a bounty on export by means of a voluntary Itvy, JOO per cent, co-operation has been secured. This co-operation in the dairying industry has been attained practically without Government assistance and has enabled tremendous results to be achieved with minimum investment of individual capital. Tht co-operative ^factories possess pro- \- bably the finest batter factories in the world, built out of their own resources and constantly kept up to date. Many factories costing Hp to £60,000 have been built by co-toperativc companies which have only a very small share capital. An ihdustty of such magnitude- and of iuch Social value which has striven so much to help itBelf is entitled to the support of the Government •^Australia to assist its progress. \- The industry does Hot ask for Government interference with its methods of operation. The industry does request •xthatr Governmental assistance shall be givqp in such ways as will stimulate its progress and development by cutting down its cost of production and assure sufficient profits to enable obsolete methods, out of date buildings and Inferior stock to be scrapped. ' • .The Bruce-Page Government has re- _ cognised these claims and has, in con- * sulfation with the industry, proceeded along the lines of a definite plan to increase the national value of the industry by ensuring the greatest possible return to those engaged in it, and by stimulating the greatest possible production. The supply of dairy products, like land production generally, tends to be \- Reasonable. The consumption of these products, however, is' continuous Methods of" covering the lean period of,- the year, are necespary, therefore, both in the interest of the consumer . and the producer. If no steps are taken, the producer loses by the glut of • the product in the flush season-- through the low prices that are then realised and the great wastage -that takes place, while the consumer loses by the great scarcity and high prices in the lean period. To spread the surplus of the flush period over ..the shortage of the lean period requires organisation and finance. As . this action benefits both the producer ..and consumed it is reasonable that the producer shodid be helped to perfect that organisation and the machinery provided for financing the regular and <*rderiji-marketing of his produce. The arrangement of organisation and finance for orderly marketing of our b;atter production is complicated by the fact that one third of our out-put is sold in the export market and the qufestioas' of home and export commerce and trade are dealt with by two different Governments. The State Government,, controls internal trade and the Commonwealth Government external trade and commerce. No satisfactory solution of the problem of marketing caa, however, be achieved ' without viewing it as a whole. The essentials to a satisfactory solution of tbe marketing problem in the dairying industry on which continuous production depends, are:— •(1) Ability to spread the sale of our •tter over the whole of the year. (2) Means of lifting off the local arket .the weight of the export surus to enable an Australian parity to be obtained for local sales and to prevent a depressed market when the flash season is on. '(3) A high uniform standard of quality to command the best price. f4) Maximum production from the cow and minimum costs of production generally. The refrigeration procc&s; and cold storage enable the baiter to be kept for considerable periods. The Commonwealth Government, in the recent reconstitution of the Commonwealth Savings Bank, took steps to provide for advances to co-operative bodies on Jong terqjs to permit tbe erection of cool siorea and factories with the object of manufacturing nnd holding such a product &s; butter To assist the orderly and regular. marketing, provision has.also been made in the Rural Credits Department of the Commonwealth Bank for substantial advances up, to e0 per cent of market value to be* made against produce—such as butter held in store—to permit of regular SMRltihly cheques to be paid by the factories to the suppliers awaiting sal*. In addition, special provision has been made in the Dairy Produce Control Board, constituted by the Commonwealth Government, to finance and control the disposal of the export curplus. This body has now been in existence for two years aud acts in conjunction with a London agency with a view of regulating the export of butter and cheese in order to secure the best possible return to the producer. By negotiating with the Shipping and Insurance Companies the Board has secured reductions in overseas freight and insurance which, during the seasons 1925 20 and 1926-27, have saved the producers approximately £120,000. The Board's income is obtained from a levy on butter and cheese exported, and is applied towards meeting expenses of the Board and its London agency and, also, to a great extent, in contributing towards the cost of an intensive Trade Publicity Campaign in the United Kingdom with the aid of a subsidy from the Commonwealth Government on a pound for pound basis. The necessity for the existence of such a controlling body is shown in the London sales and the comments of the Imperial Economic Committee thereon. There supplies are highest and the wholesale prices are lowest in the early months of the year. There are two peaks in t' supplies. The first is in January and February when the heavy consignments from the southern hemisphere reach the .market, and the second in April and May when the supplies from the northern hemisphere are becoming abundant. Denmark has taken steps to regularise her supplies which is in marked contrast to the Australian position. The following figures show the monthly supplies of butter for 1925 from Denmark and to Australia:— Denmark. January 116.7 February 136.3 March 115.9 April 150.3 May 136.5 June 155.7 July 160.7 August 142.3 September .. .. 124.0 October 116.5 November 130.8 December 172.4 Australia. 1000 cwts. 168.5 205.1 110.8 181.1 119.1 78.1 35.8 15.8 55.6 22.6 46.3 122.4 Total 1,658.1 1,161.2 A stabilised price would assist English consumption. There is no doubt that the more closely the Australian shipper can get in touch with the market abroad and the less financial dependence he has on the English Commission Agent the better for the Australian dairy farmer and this the strong position of the Dairy Producc Control Board is enabling him to do. The second essential in the marketing of Australian butter is a satisfactory means of lifting the export surplus. Two lines of action have mate- rially assisted here—(1.) The raising of the duty on foreign butter to 6d., and (2) the Paterson Scheme of a bounty on export. The Paterson Scheme is enabled to operate by reason of the existence of the Tariff protection on butter and the natural protection of her markets by Australia's remoteness from other parts of the world. The principle of the Paterson Scheme is to levy on the whole of the butter produced in Australia for the purpose of paying a bounty on that portion exported, thus making it more profitable to export than to sell in Australia. The lifting of the weight of the export surplus off the Australian market permits the Australian price to advance to the price that butter can be imported for. It is this advance to the price that butter can be imported for. It is this advance that makes the scheme of value to tho Australian farmer. During the last two years this has been worth £4,000,000 to him. While the duty was only 2d. per lb. New Zealand, which is only 1000 miles away from Australia and exports 80 per cent of its butter, has been able to come in and cut Australian prices. Though the amount of imported New Zealand butter was never great, varying from a few hundred pounds worth to half a million in different years, yet the addition of even 1 per cent, to the butter to be consumed in Australia destroyed our balance between export and import quotas. Even if no butter was actually imported the fact that it might so easily be imported caused a feeling of uncertainty and lack of,-confidence in the market. The effect of .the entrance of New Zealand butter is merely to displace an equal quantity of Australian butter which had then to be exported and on which a bounty would be paid. The 6d. duty is not too high. There is not much likelihood of the duty being used in an extortionate manner as those who control the butter industry in Australia arc quite Cognisant of the fact that price above a certain definite rate limits consumption and consequently brings little value to the industry. £11 well-wishers of the dairying industry must be gratified in getting so readily through Parliament. The third essential to successful marketing of Australian butter is that it would be of the highest quality and uniform standard. This is secured by grading it under tbe Commerce Act, a special brand, the "Kangaroo Brand" being imposed upon the choicest Australian butter. This has now been In existence for 3i years, and has already substantially improved the returns of the industry Before the grading and standardising it was the custom ot Australian butter to sell generally from 10/ or more less than New Zealand. The average for 1926-27, for the whole year, was, Australia 160/, New Zealand 1611/, Danish 176/, and on December 16 last New Zealand butter sold and "Kangaroo" butter sold were quoted in the London market at the same price. This fine product I have already mentioned, has continually improved in its quality. This improvement Is largely rendered possible by the high standards of the butter factories In Australia, which are models of cleanliness and efficient working. Each season shows a higher standard being reached. In 1925-26, 58 per cent, of our butter was choicest. In 1926-27, 65 per cent, of the butter exported was graded "choicest" and 18 per cent, first quality. It is essential that we should continue our good work in this important connection because, from January 1, 1928, Britain Is excluding preservatives from food, and we must find some means of sending our butter in as good condition as at present over its long journey, without any deterioration without preservatives. The last essential that we must have for successful marketing of our butter is that our price must be competitive. To succeed in this the cost of production must be cut right to a minimum. We must adopt all possible methods of reducing the cost of production which can be curtailed without lowering the standard of living of the members of the industry Itself. The present Commonwealth Government has made substantial improvements in this direction as in all the others named. It first attacked the question of transport, which is one of the major factors in the total cost of production. The Federal Government has brought Into being the Federal Aid Roads Scheme which provides definite Federal assistance. supplemented by State assistance, for the building of arterial and developmental roads to the extent of some £3,500,000 a year for the next 10 years. This action in providing good roads will help to shorten the time that the cream is in transit, and maintain its quality. Proper refrigerating cars on our railways, and the installation of motor trains, can also lessen the time of exposure, both of cream and butter en route to market. The Commonwealth Government, in its contract with the Orient Line for the carriage of European mails, has assured, as part of the contract, a definite amount of refrigerating space at the lowest possible price for our butter carried. The Government is also attemptins to cut the costs of production by relief of taxation in every possible way where it touches the dairy farm. For instance, the inspection charges In connection with grading have been this year abolished, which will give the dairying industry a considerable annual saving. Land taxation this year has been reduced by 10 per cent., and many anomalies in its collection and incidence have also been removed. Income taxation has, this year, been reduced by 10 per cent., and making a reduction of 40 per cent, during the life of the present Government. Three years ago the income exemption was raised to £ 300 per year which, added to the liberalised deduction of £ 50 for each child, has placed many farmers outside the range of Federal Income Tax. Though, with the better price [ hope dairy farmers will get through the substantial assistance the Commonwealth Government has given in many directions to the industry, their returns may yet be largely increased. Other concessions given in my last Budget will still probably keep the dairy fanner out of Federal Income Taxation. For instance, deductions have been allowed from income of sums spent in the eradicating of pests, in getting land ready for the plough, in draining land, in destroying scrub, ring barking timber, suckering, etc. Losses on past years are able to be deducted from future profits, and substantial depreciation is permitted on improvements. Many items that are essential to the dairy farmers have been made free of customs duty such as cream separators. Half of the cost of the Trade Publicity Campaign in England which must be regarded as part of the ordinary cost of production and marketing is now being borne by the Commonwealth Government. The Dairy Control Board has also been able to effect savings in freight, insurance, etc., that runs into many thousands of. pounds per year. Other reductions in cost of production are possible by continual improvements in factory management and the use of electricity. The general development of electrical power ought to materially reduce costs. Several factories on the Clarence River have, in this way, almost cut their power costs by half. In addition, the carrying capacity of our farms can be increased by the utilisation of artificial and new grasses. Paspalum, clover, kikuvu, have already accomplished wonders. The use of fertiliser and the introduction of subterranean clover has also materially assisted. The practice of growing feed must become much more universal as fodder conservation either in hay or ensilage is necessary to ex tend the period of milking and to bring cattle into their milking in better condition. In addition, we must seek to improvo the output of butter per cow as wo have the same overhead costs for tho poor cow as for the good cow. Any increased return is a straight out gain. To get anywhere in this connectoin it is no use trying to act blindly, we must know exactly what our cows are doing and the only thing that can tell us is cow testing. The Commonwealth Government is willing to give Government aid for the creation of herd testing societies and to offer subsidy of 3/6 per cow up to first 400 cows, and another 1/ per cow up to 1,000 cows. The State Governments axe willing to give an equivalent amount. What is necessary for the farmer if he desires satisfactory marketing results is to ensure that the price and quality are right and supplies continuous. There is new competition "to meet from the Argentine, Siberia, and the Baltic States, all of which have lower standards of living. There is no doubt that the . Australian conditions and their judgment in breeding and the handling of their product will enable the Australian dairymen to hold their own and gradually oust from the Empire Market all foreign importations. In the last 21 years the total imported into Britain from within the Empire has grown from 68 per cent, to 58 per cent. The dairying industry is entitled to sympathetic consideration from the Commonwealth Government and of the Governments of the Empire because of its importance as an intensive form of agriculture; because of its great national advantages; becausc it can help the redistribution of the population of the Empire; becausc it gives essentially a safe living to immigrants and those undertaking it. Our methods must ensure the maximum output; the highest quality; continuous supply with the least working costs and the best methods of distribution and marketing. The Australian Government has given the dairy farmers the machinery and the opportunity to succeed. It has protected the home market; has given very satisfactory means of maintaining their place in the London market; and has assisted in obtaining preference in Dominion markets. Now what is necessary is a complete 100 per cent, co-operation of all the individual units of the industry to command success in all the essential points that have been mentioned. 