GREAT ASSET. PRIMARY INDUSTRIES. PLEA FOR ITALIANS. * - .DE. DUHIG'S ADVICE TO FARMERS. In an address in Toowoomba yesterday Dr. «Duhig, Arch- bishop of Brisbane, urged the farmers to look to their primary industries. He declared that this country could become great on its primary pro- ducts, Dr. Duhig declared that Australia needed more people. The Italian was a better asset than the German, He had always praised the German, but * the Italian was more industrious and a better agriculturist. Let <here be a "White Australia," by all means, but do not keep out the Southern Europeans. TOOWOOMBA, June 17. , At St. Patrick's Church to-day Dr. Duhlg, Archbishop of Brisbane, assisted by the Rev. Father Sohucraft, con- firmed 280 candidates, and later at the Holy Name Church, with the assistance of Fathers Cashman, R. O'Donohue, and C. Corrigan (Sydney), confirmed a further 220 candidates. A sum of £1550 was collected to.-day, £750 of which' was collected from the estate of Monsignor Fouhy. COTTON GROWING. This afternoon, his Grace, in open- ing the Holy Name Presbytery, re- ferred to several matters of national importance, including the position of the farming community at the present time and immigration. He said he felt sure that there were many far- mers listening to him. When he came up to their .city from Brisbane by train his attention was attracted by a large area of uncultivated latid, even along the raliway line, and also by the bedraggled state of many paddocks, which had not been cleared of stalks of maize. He began to ask him- self why the farmers along the Lockyer and on the Darling Downs confined themselves to the same crop, year after year. He did not know what the people got out of maize, but he did not suppose that they got much per acre. He had been assured by experts that there was ho place super- ior to the Darling Downs for growing cotton. Could they explain lo him why they were not growing more cot- ton. Did they know that they im» poited more cotton goods than thev could produce in the country itself. They were continually complaining about the injustice that the primary industries had to suffer, but let the farmers take care they were not doing an iniustice to themselves. Why not grow less maize and more cotton, and get £40 an acre out of it, if it was a good season. He was assured that in the coming year there would be great activity in the cotton world, and that there would be a large market for cot- ton. They should inquire into this, and see if they could gain information on the matter themselves. If they were advised that it would be better for them to grow cotton, then let them begin to grow it. SOUTHERN EUROPEANS. Dr. Duhig said that they had heard a lot about unemployment, but it was no new thing. He supposed it had been with the world for very many centuries, but it had become more pro- nounced with the growth of cities and industrial upheavals. It was worse in modern times owing to the people con- gregating in the cities, and not living so5much in the country, so that un- employment was felt more. It was a problem, but it was one that could be solved if only they would work to- gether at it. They wanted more people in this country. It was said that im- migration would produce more unem- ployment, but he believed that, instead of doing that, It would be a big ele- ment in stopping unemployment. If people came out to Australia, and went on the land, and became producers, the people in the cities would buy their produce. These people who would go on the land, however, would require to be fed and clothed, and the people of the cities would have to supply their needs. It was ridiculous to see Queensland standing still at under 1,000,000 people. They had less popu- lation than Melbourne, yet look at the number of members^of Parliament, a huge police force, and an army of Government officials. Yet how few people tliey had to keep it up. They must have population before Queensland could prosper as it should. Tiley were endowed by God and Nature, and he did not know a country which was so rich in resources as Australia or this State, Queensland. There was so much unemployment in Australia to-day to-day that something must be wrong. They spoke about a "White Australia." Let them have a "White Australia" by all means, but do not let them keep out Southern Europeans-the Italians, and people of other countries, who could show them actually how to work land. AN ASSET. The Italian was a greater asset to the country than the German, he said. He had always praised the German farmer, but the Italian was more in- dustrious, and a better agriculturist than the German. Certain Italians settled at Stanthorpe two years ago, and bought a few miserable-vineyards. They began to prosper, because they knew how to cultivate the vineyards. The fruit fly came, and punctured the grapes. Other orchardists said these grapes were of no use, and threw them away, but the Italians did not throw these grapes away. They gathered them and made wine from them. This wine was sent up North, and they re- ceived a cheque for £110. They should get Italians, Germans, Maltese, and Danes to come out to go on the land, and produce for them. They were foreigners, but they had as much right to live as the rest of them. Some of the best Australians they had ever had were foreigners, and their worth was proved in the Great War. These people's children would be good Aus- tralians, and they should be wel- comed to Australia. LOOK TO PRIMARY INDUSTRIES. Continuing, Dr. Duhig said that they had a dairying industry in their midst. Were they doing all they could to foster the industry. Had they improved their herds, and were they doing everything they could to bring their factories up to date ? He was certain that no person who knew the industry 20 years ago figured what it would be like to-day. It was a great credit to Queensland, but they had to be very careful to guard their products. He had visited a number of dairy farmers, and he had made inquiries as to what became of their produce. He was assured that the trouble was in London, because best Australian butter was taken and sold as either Danish and Irish butter, while second-grade butter was sold as Australian butter. Butter thus sold as Australian, was therefore, not the prime product ol' the country nt all. There should De some representative in London to see that their products were sold as Aus- tralian, and not as .Danish or Irish. "Look to your primary Industries," con- cluded Dr. Duhig. "This country can become great on its primary products. Man made the city, but Ood made the country, and if the country goes down the city goes down, too." He expressed the hope that many of the boys would turn their attention to land, and would go into the country. He added: "You have now agricultural colleges and rural schools, and many advantages of learning that those who went before you did not have. If you put your boys on the land they may have some hardships, but they will, in the future, be in the best position." His Grace concluded by saying that he was glad to have the opportunity of speaking to them, because he might not have th>; opportunity again. This might be the last time he would be with them. There were.many rumours,'and it looked as if there .was something ¡n them. They should not be surprised if thev had a Bishop .. in Toowoomba within. . 12 months.. . ? . .? . 