DAIRYING INDUSTRY .:-W: . \- / - V " - . -/ Achievements and Aspirations DR. PAGE ADDRESSES FARMERS AT P.P.U. DAY GATHERING The Australian dairying industry, its achievements and . aspirations, and particularly its relations with the present Fed eral Government, was the thegne of Dr. Earle Page's (Fed- eral T reasurcr ) address to a pig crowd of dairymen at the first celebration of P.P.U. day at Byron Bay yesterday. It was the principal address of the day, and Dr. Page was , accorded a rapt hearing. Mr. r. H. t>artiett \r resident Kich- mond District Council of the P.P.U.) presided, and many men prominent in the dairying industry were with the speaker in the esplanade bandstand. ' .... The dairying industry, said Dr. Page, is one ox the most valuable m- djustries in the whole of the British Empire from the fact that it tmngs abbuf an intensive form of settlement, provides unrivalled, opportunities for home- making" and for Keeping families together when the home' is made, and that it can help materially the redis tribution or tlie population of the Em pire. As an Australian industry its importance is apparent ; whether it it- judged by its magnitude, by the char acter of its product, by the value ot its export, or Dy its4 influence on social . liife. . In magnitude it ranks as one of the , first -industries in. Australia. The dairy, faring alone represent a capital of; £125,000,000 expended oil their de velopment and equipment, with an annual production ot £45,000,009, ..or which £80,000,000 is for nnlk products. The butter and cheese factories rep-, resent a capital outlay of £4,250,000. The . annual value of the products of these factories is, over the last five" years, nearly £23,00(000, the average annual production of butter for\ the last,, five years being; about 120,000 tons,, of which two tnirds is consumed ' locally ahd ou-c third, exported. On the farms no less than ; 143,785 jjeople are. directly employed in the dairying, industry. In the Associated Factor ies an additional 5,826 people : are. em ployed. This factory side of the in-, dustry in it3elf compares favourably with many of the oig secondary in dustries in Australia. The dependents of this huge number employed m the -.t \- dairying industry run into 500,000, j .- . while, in addition, it is no exaggera tion to say that hundreds of towns, or which Lismore, Casino and- Bangalow are types entirely depend upon the dairying;, industry; Directly , and > in" . leastjj 3QD.O>0.OO pebple-jin ! sixth of our /total population arc dependent upon the .dairying j industry.- ;; ; : > -.. i ,< The product of the industry' is car ried to so finished a state locally as to : --»66 mbte to - b<f : immediately - "consumed. \- or exported -in a- state fit for lmmedi- -'ate -don'sumptionv, -Two-, "thirds- our product is consumed in Australia. One third of our total production is ex ported in « its final stage ready for \- consumption 'and' is successfully com- ; peting with the rest of th'e world 'in, quality and price. ». . _ In the 1927 London Dairy Show y- Australian butter Srecured first and 'i third prizes and tied for the second r prize with a Canadian factory. . In : the unsalted 1 "division -Australia w6w ; fche first, Second and third prizes against' both New Zealand and Cana dian competition. This big . exporting industry helps to pay for our develop ment, bringing back many millions or fresh capital annually to enable us to carry it on. The manner in which the dairying industry is carried on makes it ol- great value to our national life, said Dj. Page. It is the industry , par excellence" that keeps .families to gether till the children — both boys and girls — have grown to .adult life, it seems fo be the only industry in Aus- \- tralia that encourages the growth ot big families. It permits advanced parental control and long family as sociation. It enables girls . especially to. remain at liorire and profitably-. fill in their tiriie in a pi-odueihg ihdustry. As the industry is carried oil. in small areas a. moderate capital enables, many to become free- holders. This brings i about intensive settlement and en ables' a. number of conveniences, such as telephones to be installed at a reas onable, cost and it also -permits - of )<;.a .fair /amount of social :life; It is/es- #edafly .adapted ; for ppeuing up hew country in / pioneering- . - districts ky. ieasbn- bf such a valauble Amount of product ; . being :; condensed; in a sinall ; easily handled bulk. It is almost; the; .only land industry .that gives monthly regular returns and approximates; farm conditions to the regular wages and salary of city employment. v lGO PER CENT CO-OPERATION. . v.Th-o dairying -industprtjis,- ' Of -import- ' ahce,;.to national life' also,-, he declared, .because its successful prosecution de pends- upon the practical arid enthusi-; a stic co- operation of tlie dairy f arnrers and of the dairying communities. Aus tralian dairying provides probably the highest example of co-operation in the hjoiid. In the Paterson Scheme for the provision of a bounty oii export by / means of a volutary levy 100 per Qent. co-operatiou has boon ' secured. " This co- operation in the dairying in-' dfistry has been attained --practically - Without Government assistance an'cl has enabled tremendous results to be achieved .with minimum investment of individual . capita./ The Go-operative Faetorieh possess probably . the finest butter fa'cto'rie3 in the world, built oiit of ; their own resources and 'constantly kept up to ,da.t;c'.:> -Mahy faetories cosr- ing . up to. £G0,0p0 have been built by . Co-operative Coinpanics'vwliich have only a very small sharef capital. Byron Bay V Co- operative v has.'; ...a' turn-over of ; scvefhl iuillihiis wlt'ii an insignifl- cafit- capital of a few thousands. . < 'ENTiTEED TO StTPPORT." An industry of such magnitude, of such social valuer; a3most unique in being able to compete on . level terms witli the finished pi'bduct; of other countries find which has striven so much' to help itself and put; itself into its present position is entitled to the Support of the' Government of Aust'ra- ! lia to assist its progress. The indus try does not ask for Goyeriiincnt An'" . terfercnce with its methods of opera- , : tion. The industry 'does request that ' Governmental assistance : shall . bo given in such Avays as will stimulate its progress and development by cut ting down its cost of production and assure sufficient profits to enable ob- solete methods,, out of date buildings and inferior stock to be scrapped, thereby creating a beneficial circle or increasing output and continually im proving living condition of. those en gaged' in' an' industry ' of such vital importance. jThe Bruce-Page Government has rocogmseu these claims aiid lias, in consultation with the industry,; pro ceeded along the lines-, of a definite p!an to increase the national value of ..the industry by ensuring the- greatest possible return to - those engaged, in it, and by stimulating, the greatest possible production; The nature of the steps taken are,- those deemed nec essary from a consideration of the problems facing the industry. . The supply of dairy products, like land production generally, tends tc be seasonable. The consumption of these products, however, is continuous. Methods of covering the lean period of the year are necessary therefore both in the' interest of the consumer and the producer. If no steps arc taken the producer loses by the giut' 5 of- the product in' the flush season r through the low prices that are then realised and the great wastage that takes place, while the consumer loses by the. great scarcity and high prices in '.the lean period. To spread the sur plus, of th,e flush period over the short age ; of the lean /period requires or ganisation: and finanec. As this ac" tion benefits both, the producer and consumer it is reasonable that the pro ducer should be aided to perfect that organisation and machinery provided' for financing the regular ' and orderly marketing ot his produce.- constitutional anomaly. riic .'airqiigement of i organisation .foiuuce for orderly marketing of ft1!1' buttery jproduetion is i cdmplieated by the fact, that one third of our, out- putris.,sold .in the export market and the questions of home and- export com merce and trade are dealt with by two ' different Governments.- ; -The State Government controls internal tiade and the Commonwealth.'. Government external trade and commerce. No satisfactory solution of the problem of maiketing can,- however, be achiev ed without viewing it as a whole. The. Australian Constitution makes it veiy fiiliicult by government action to completely cover the whole field -' lnit the whole- hearted co-operation of- the industry and of the vaiious Slates can enable success to : be' achieved. r,' essentials to a satisfactory' so lution -v.of. the marketing problem in the dairying industry on which eon- tmuous _ production depends, = are- ' 1\. Ability to spread the sale 'of spur ' s butter over the whole of the year. ' i 2v Means of lifting off the local ma rivet the w eight of the export sur plus to eiuible an- Australian parity to be obtained for local sales and to pre vent a depiessed maiket when the flush season is on/ , 3. A high- uniform startdard of qual ity to command the best price. 4\. Maximum - production from the cow and minimum costs ot pioduction generally, r- The progress of modern invention oaei.ed . by the co-operation of the iJimeis and stimulated by Federal af ,, State. GoVernffiefit assistance can efiab.e all these essentials to be at- tained. . The refrigeration process and cold storage, enable the butter to be kept for ; considerable intervals. Winter Vj1. at' aiDT t-ey aii extension Of Ihe.mjlking period through, the as sistance, of conserved fodder and spec- ;ial,feediiig can also be of great value. COLD 'STORAGE. : With regard to the provision of cold ;stprage;. tJie ..Commonwealth Govern- meiit, iii the reeefit reeofistruction of the. Commonwealth . Savings Bank took steps to provide for advances to -o-operatiye bodies on long terms to permit the ei-eetion of cool stores and faetories with' the object of manufac- tuing and holding such a product as butter. . To assist the . orderly afid regular marketing, provision . has also been made in the Rural Credits Department ot the ; Commoiiweaitii " Bank for sub stantial .advances up to ; 80 per cent of market value to be lrifide against pro- c uee— such as butter / held in storer- to permit of feguiaf monthly cheques by the factories to the suppliers awaiting; sale. . In addition, Pioyisieii has been made in the Ilairy Produce Coiitrbl Board consti- tuted by the Commonwealth Goveru- meiit jto finance aiid coiitr'ol the whpio .question of. the disposal of the export 3uiplus. This body lias now been in existence fdr tivo : years and acts" in eon junction with a London agency with a yiew of regulating the export 0/ butter and cheese in order to secure fhe best possible .return to the. pro- < uc-ei . it is elected by . the Co-opera- uve and Proprietary Butter Factories h i ,S handled over 100,000 tons or outtnr since its inception. The Beard's -agency and -tlie distributors in London meet reguarly and make ar- wi ;?fmen for the sale: of the butter are equitable from the point Pro(Tfi«er ia Australia -ncl the , distributor abroad. _ freight reductions. ti?yrlleg0tiatillg with the Shipping v.nd Insurance Companies the Board !vciEl,'t'",rn!l if"!"0"5 overseas lamed tiom a levy on butter and cheese exported, and is applied to- war-dsmpeting expenses of the Board a I1 ageilCy and» al8<>, to W J extent, m contributing to- aids the cost of an intensive Trade 1 ubheity Campaign being carriefl on . in the United Kingdom with the aid of a subsidy from the Commonwealth Gdvernbient on a pound for pound basis tor the purpose of advertising Australian butter, dried fruits, . and canned fruits. ; The necessity for the Existence of ;SUfch a controlling body and indeed, ; f oi fuithei action is shown m the London sales and the comments of the I Tntpcria I Economic Committee thereon, j There supplies are highest and the juliolesale prices are lowest- in the | early months of the year. There are ;two peaks in the supplies. The first Us m January and February when the heavy consignments from the southern hemisphere reach the market, and tne seconct in- April and May when the supplies from the northern hemisphere are becoming abundant. The whole sale prices fall about the opening ot the year while a recovery is made- m February, and March and -then a re newed fall in April. From June on wards; there is: a, gradual fall in Tthe visible supply Avhich lasts until No vember. 'During this period prices' sfeaflily rise aiid a curious thing takes place. The south-ern supplies are on their way to the market and their amount is known generally. Yet the. wholesale price continues to. rise until towards the end of the year when it suddenly crashes with the result that when the southern butter arrives muen of it is sold at ordinary prices. At Christmas the consumer in the United Kingdom has in consequence to pay an unduly high retail price and with in a fortnight the Dominion producer receives an undilly low return. Over many yea is in- is. found that -the .high-.. est, ciic-o are from September till De- comber, and have a range between 70/- to 90/- per cwt. above the lowest of the y6ar. The retail prices tend. to lag behind the wholesale prices espec ially when- they are falling. The re- su't is that the British consumer does not buy as much as lie otherwise would and is forced to take margarine or some substitute. The greater por tion of the butter from the Dominions is sold at or near the, lower rather than the higher figure. The higher values are often the result of scarcity and speculation in the market. Den mark has: "taken! steps to regularise her supplies which is in marked con- tiast to the Australian position. The following figures show the monthly supplies of butter for 1925 ffoin Den mark and Australia: — . Mopth Denmark. Australia - 1000 cwts January 116.7 168.5 February ./.... 136.3 205.1' faich H5.9 no April .. 150.3 181.1 May ... .. - 136.5 119.1 Jnns 155.7 ygj \--- 160.7 35.8 ' 142.3 ' 15.8 September . ... . . 124.0 ' 55;6 - October ......... 116.5 ; 22.6 November ... ... , 1) » j 46.3 Dec-ember . . . ... . . ., .j ..172 i 122.-1 ; " ' Tota\ . ; !/l;658;l' | 1 161 12 A stabilised price wourd assist En- consumption., Tlioic is no Vloubt that the moie closely.- the.: Australian shipper c-an get in touch with > ' the market abioad and the less financial dependence lie has ou rthe English Commission/ Agent the better foi the Australian , dairy farmer and this the strong position of the Daiiy1 Produce Control Board is enabling him to do. export surplus. The second essential in tlie; market- 8 Pf Australian butter is ' a = satisfac-' tory means ;of; '.lifting; :thfe;r export stir- plus. Two, lines of action- "Have ma terially assisted heie; (l) thp iaisingJ of the , dutyV-en - febreignbfitter to4' 6a-' ajld (2,J.. .tne Patersqn /.Bheme of "a bounty on export. Tlje jPafersoii Scheme is enabled to' opel'atb!bv-reas-"; on of the "existence of the Tariff pio- tection on "butter and the natural pro- .ection of .her markets by. Australia's icmotcncss from other parts of the \vor id. The piinciple of the Pateison Scheme is to levy on the whole of the butter -produced in Australia- for the purpose of paying a bounty .on that poition expoi.ted, thus making it more profitable to export than to sell in: Australia.- The . lifting i of -the wmiglit of the export : surplus : .off the Australian market . permits the Aus- tialia.11 price to advance to the price that, butter caii be imported for." It is this advance that makes the: Scheme Pfi value to the . Australian farmer — - during .the lait "two years this has been: worth £4,000,000 to him. Wllile the duty, was only 2d per lb. New Zealand, which is only 1,000 miles away from Australia and exports ,80 Pe1' cent, of its butter, has been able tp come ill arid. cut. Australian prices. Though the amount of imported New Zealand "butter was never great, vary ing "from a few hundred ruVrinds' wrirtri' to half a million in different years, yet the addition oif even 1 per cent. to the butter to be.: corisurired in Aus- tirilia destroyed our; balance between export arid iiripoft quotas; Even if'rio butter was actually imported the fact that it might so easily be imported caused a feeling of uncertainty arid lack of confidence in the market. The effect of the entrance of New Zealand butter is merely to displace an equal quantity of Australian; butter whicli had then to be exported and on Which' a bounty would be paid. : Tlie 6d. duty is not too 'high.. TherO is not much likelihood of the duty being used in an extor tionate manner ' as those who cori- troj the butter industry in Aus tralia are quite .cognisant of the fact that price above a certain definite rate limits consumption and consequently brings little val ue to the industry. All well- wish ers of the dairying industry must be gratified in getting it so "read ily through Parliament. HIGH QUALITY ifECESSARY. The third essential to successful ifia'rkctirig' of Australian butter is tliat it should be of the highest quality and uniform standard. This is se cured by grading it under the Cbrri- inoree Act, a special, bfand, the ' ' Kan garoo Brandt -being iriiposed upon the choicest Australian butter. This has now been in existence for 34 years and has already substantially im proved the returns of the industry. Before the grading arid standardising, it was the custom of Australian butter to sell generally, from 10/-. or irioro less than New Zealand. Tlie average for 1926-27 for the .whole year was: — Australia 160/-,." New Zealand 1611/-, Danish 176/-, and on 16th December last New Zealand butter sold arid 'Kangaroo " butter? sold. Were quoted in the London ' market at the same price. ' ' ". This fine product I have already mentioned has continually improved. in its quality. This improvement is largely rendered possible by the high standards of the" butter fadoric m A list j alia v.liich. are models of clcan- -inoss ami. efficient working. Each season shows a higher standard being 1 cached. \- In 1925-26, 580 per cent, of our butter was choicest. In 1926-27, 65 per cent, ol' the butter cxpoited was graded "choicest'' and IS pei cent... first quality. It is os- oential tliat wo should continue our good woik- in this important connec-. tioii because, from tlie 1st January IJ-8, Britain is oxcludinor m-escrva- tiv es liom food and - we - must find some means of sending our butter in as good condition as at present over its .long ../journey without any deterior ation without preservatives. competitive price? J he jast. -essential that we must- have foi . sqccessful marketing ox our buLtei ,is that our price must be coin- pctitive. To suceeed 111 this the cost . of pioduction /must be cut rig it to a minimum., \Y-e must adopt.- all pos sible methods of reducing tlie- cost of production .-which can be curtailed without lowering the standard of liv- Die. .members of the industry - itself. . .. - I he pi esent . Commonwealth Govern ment has . made substantial miprovc- 'tynis ...in, -.this, direction as .in: all the qtnei„ :nanted. It first attacked the question i .transport Which is one of tlie rnaior factois in the total cost of The Federal Government has lnought into being the Federal Aid Roads Scheirie ivhich piOMdes cennite Fcileial assistance: supple-' 1 State assistance, for the building of aiterial and devepment- nL10a t0 the exfcl't of some £3,500,- 000 a year for the next ton vriafs. This aef j;0"- ,ln providing good roil ds will hclf) to shorten the time that the ' cream is in transit and ; maintain its quality. Pioper lefrigoiating cais on our laihyays and the installation of motor tl'hins e.nn/nlon- IriortJ. j.i; .. of exposure both' of cream arid butter '"!J' atl l? The Common- wealth Goveinmcni, In its contiact wnth the Oiicnt line for the caniago of -Eui opean:/.. mails, has assured, Is part of the contiact, a definite amount of refiigeiating space at the owest, possible puce for our butter ' carried. taxation relief. The Government is also attempting tq, cut , tlie costs ' of production by re- : Def . of . .taxation in every possible way .where it. touches tire dairy farm. For instance, the inspection charges in connection', with grading have been this., year,, abolished which will give the daiiying industry a consideraole Sfth liJgpfjLana taxation- this 3 car lias been ledliced -by 10 per cent, and many anomalies in its colleitmn k»v e also been removed. Income Taxation lias, this yerii, ' b'een icduceil by ,10 per -.ceny :and making a reduction qf 40 pei cent, driiing the > i-e of the present Government., Three yeais ago tlie lneoine, '.(exemption tvas laised to £300 per, .year winch, added to the libeiahsecl .deduction of £50 for each child, has placed many iarriiers outside the range ot Federal Income r /,kftuhr -writh the better price' h-ihqpo dairy faririers Avill get through the .substantial -assistance the Gom- monwealth Government lias given' m many dnectr oris to the industry their rptuins may yet die largely increased. Other eoncessions-'-given in iriv last Budget will still piobably keep the dany f aimer out ot Fedeial Income taxation. Foi mstan'ce, deductions hriye been allowed from income ol' ..sums ... spent .in. / the -- /eradicating of l pts,. ,111 . getting land - ready, for the / plougji,, in draining land/ in destroying ' scrub, ling baiking timbei, suekeiing, etc., losses on past«y6ars a'ie able to be deducted froin'fufcuic piofitsf.and substantial . .depreciation'' is permitted oir.umprov.ements. -.- _Many items that ' a re essential to the dairy farmers have been made' free Or. Cmtoin's-. duty, such as cream sen- aiatois. -xLfx' ot the cost of tne Trade Publicity Campaign in Eiigland which must be l-cgavded as1 part of the , ordinary cost :of >produ'ction aiid maiketing is now being borne by the Commonwealth, Government; The Daiiy Control Board lias also been able to effect, savings iff freight, in surance, etc., that run ' into riiariy thousands .of pounds per year. Cther reductions '. in coSt of produ'e- tion .are possible by- continual iiri- piovements in factory mariagemerit and the . use of electricity. The gen eral development of electrical power ought , to; riiaterially reduce costs. Sev eral faetories on the Clafeiice River have, in this way, ? almost cut their power costs by; half. In addition, the carrying capacity of .our farms can be increased by the. utilisation: of artifi- eial and new grasses. Paspalum, clqyer, kikuyu, have already accom plished wonders. The use of "fertiliser and- the introduetiori of suliterranean clover have also /materially assisted, lhe practice Of growing feed must be- C01fte riiueh - nibfe ; uiiiyersal as fodder conryajf ion either in hay of eriisilage' j CQssaVy to extend the period of I 3n!c!n a:nd-. to . bring cattle into their ! milking iri better : coriditipn. increased production. addition, we must seek to im- , prove the Output ' of butter per cow as I we have the sairie over-head costs for the poor cow , as for the good cow. return/ is a straight out Sain: . To gct "ariywhere in. this con- rieetion i't' is rio use ttyirig to act I blindly/ We; must know bxaetly wluu our. cows are; doiiig aiid tlie Only tiling I ca'11 teil ris . is cow testing. The Conimonivealth Gpveniinerit is willing to give Governnierit aid for the ci-ch | tion pf-die'i-d testing ; Societies and to offer subsidy, of 3/6 pier cow up to : ,PP ; bows, and- another 1/- per 1 cow up to 1,000 , cows. The State Gov ernments aid willing to give an equiv alent aniourif. ' The various Governments are. will- iog to assist as ; well in the improve ment of the stock by means, of bulls ®??qd /strain. Queensland, for in stance, is willing to pay , half tlie 'ac- tual cost of getting a. brill of good crtain on to the farm'; from a southern -State. Though all farmers cannot I take advantage of such offers it is hoped that; with the fillip given to the industry, by the increased cLuty there xvill be much rii'oie dono than in the past; Even; if individual farmers _ cannot buy better bulls thciu- selves the institution of co-operation by Bull Clubs' can enable riiiicli better stock to be bred. Denmark -has seen in the corirse of. 40 3rears an inip'rove- Vl(r-nt,...fl'0»i. SO. pounds of bi/tter fat lip1 iii lS'64; 116 pounds per cow iii - ISS7 216 lbs per co\v in 1908. Wo have seen individual'- results as strik ing in Australia, what is needed is to make, such improvement general. What is necessa'ry tfor the farmer if he desires satisfactory marketing re sults is to ensure that the price ami quality are right and supplies, eon. tinuous. There is new competition to. -meet from the- Argentine, Liberia, and the Baltic States all of .which have lower standards of living. There , is 110 'doubt that the - Australian con- : ditions and their judgment in breea- ing and; the handling;, of their pi-oducr will enable the AiVstralian dairymen to hold their . GAvri arid, gradually ; .oust : from - the Empire -Market', all / foreign "importations. In. "the last 21;. years tlie total .iirip'orted into 'Britairi from witliiri the Empire has grown fioni/ 66 per cent, to 88, per cent. The daiiying' industry Is, I have said/ entitled to "sympathetic . consid eration from, the ' Commonwealth Gov ernment arid of the Governments of the Empire because' of its importunes , as an intensive; form -of , agriculture; because of its great national adyai.i- tages; because it can help the re distribution of the population of the Empire ; because it gives / essentiaiiy a safe living to immigrants and ; those' undertaking it. Our methods musr. ensure the maximum output"-", the high est quality; continuous supply with the lea.3t working costs and the best' methods . of distribution and . - nnirket-- riig. ' . ... i The Australian Government has given tlie dairy farmers / the machiri.- eiy and . the .opportunity to . suceeed.- it lias protected tlie homo market; has given very , satisfactory . means . of . maintaining : tiieir ; place/;in the Lon don market; and has assisted in; ob taining /preference 111 VDominion mar- ikcts. Now; what is / necessary is a complete iibO . per cent... co-oireration of all the individual units ofthe indus try to coininand success, in ail .the es sential poirifs that I have-; mentioned. A Scotsman was fccouritiiig his ex periences to 'a friend. "Aye,' ' : '.ho said, with aTlkmiiiiseent' sigh; '1 hatl a line day.. I -spent it wi' my wile's -father.' ; He's ; a igraiul ...inan- one af ter my ain lie'rt. As soon as I arrived he opened a new bottle of whisky and flung the corlc on the lire."- ' ' For the week, ending December; 31 1.927, 49 .tons of butter were' mariufac- |tnvcd at the four Kvogle district brail- : ches of Noreo. . 