Farming Problems : : Immigrants Needed ITALIANS COMMENDED : : THE ARCHBISHOP'S ADVICE. Archbishop Duhig, in his address at the opening of Holy Name Presbytery, Too- woomba, last Sunday, touched on a num ber of matters of national importance, in- cluding the position of the farming com munity at the present time, and immigra tion. He said he felt sure that there were many farmers listening to him. He also noticed that Dean Nolan was present from Dalby, and he knew that he was interested in primary industries. When he came up to their city from Brisbane by train his at tention was attracted by the large area of uncultivated land, even along the railway line, and also the bedraggled state of many of the paddocks which had not been clear ed of stalks of maize. He began to ask himself why the farmers along the Lockyer and on the Darling Downs confined them selves to the same crop year after year. He did not know what people got out of maize, but be did not suppose they got much per acre. He had been assured by experts that there was no place superior to the Darling Downs for growing cotton. Could they explain to him why they were not growing more cotton? They were continually complaining about the injustice that the primary industries had to suffer. But let the farmers take care they were not doing an injustice to themselves. Why not grow less maize and 'nore cotton, and get £40 an acre out of it if it was a good season? He was assured that in the com ing year there would be a great activity in the cotton world, and that there would be a large market for cotton. They should in quire into this and see if they could gain information on the matter themselves. If they were advised that it would be better for them to grow cotton, then let them be gin to grow it. Unemployment. They heard a lot to-day about unemploy ment, said his Grace, but it was no new thing. He supposed it had been with the world for very many centuries, but it had become more pronounced with the growth of cities and industrial upheavals. It was forse in modern times, owing to the people congregating in cities and not living so much in the country, so that unemployment was felt more. It was a problem, but it was one that could- be solved. The prob lem could be solved if only they worked together at it. They wanted more people In this country. It was said that immi gration would produce more unemploy ment, but he believed that instead of doing that, it would be a big element in stopping unemployment. If people - came out to Australia and went on the land and became producers, the people in the cities would buy their produce, while some of the pro ducts would be exported. But these people who would go on the land would re quire to be fed and clothed, and the people of the cities would have to supply their nccirin It was ridiculous to see Queens land standing sitll at under one million peo ple. Queensland's population was less than Melbourne's yet look at the number of members of Parliament the huge police force, and the army of Government offi cials they had to keep up. They must have population before Queensland could prosper ss it should. They were endow ed by God snd Nsture, and he did not know of s country which was so rich in . resources as Australia or this State of Queensland. It was a shame there was so much unemployment in Australia to-day. Something must be wrong. They spoke about a White Australia. Let them have a White Australia by all means, but let them not keep out the Southern Euro pean, the Italians and people of other coun tries who could show them actually how to work the land. The Italian was a better asset to the country than the German. He had always praised the German farmer, but the Italian was more industrious and a better agriculturist than the German. Two Italians settled at Stanthorpe two years ago and bought a few miserable vineyards. The land began to prosper, because they knew how to cultivate vineyards. The fruit fly, however, came and punctured the grapes. Other orchardists said these grapes were no use and threw them away. But the Italians did not throw these grapes away. They gathered them and made wine from them. This wine was sent up north and they received a cheque of £110. They should get Italians, Germans, Malt ese and Danes to come out, go on the land and produce for them. They were foreig ners, but they had as much right to live as the rest of them. Some of the best Australians they had ever had were of for eign descent, and their worth was proved in the Great War. These people's children would be good Australians and they should welcome them to Australia. Dairying Industry. Tbey had the dairying industry in their midst, continued the Archbishop, ere they doing all they could to foster the in- dustry? Had they improved their herds and done everything they could to bring factories up to date? He was certain that no person who knew the industry 20 years ago figured what it would be like to-day. It was a great credit to Queensland, but they had to be very careful to guard their products. He had visited a number of dairy farms, and he had made inquiries as to what became of their produce. He was assured that the trouble was in London, because the best Australian butter was taken and sold as either Danish and Irish, while the second grade butter was sold as Australian. The butter thus sold as Aus tralian was therefore not the prime pro duct of the country at all. There should he some representative in London to see that their products were sold as Austral ian, and not as Danish or Irish. "Look to your primary industries," con cluded the Archbishop. "This country can become great on its primary products. Man made the city, but God made the coun try, and if the country goes down the city goes down, too. I hope that many of our boys will turn their attention to the land and go into the country. You have now agricultural colleges and rural schools and many advantages of learning that those who went before you had not. If you put your boys on the land they may have some hardships, but they will in the future be in the best position." All Hallows' Children of Mary are organising a motor car run to Enoggera Waterworks on Sunday afternoon, 24th June, in aid o£ the Holy Name Cathedral Building Fund. Will those desiring to take part kindly communicate with the Secretary, Miss M. Powell, Langshaw-street, New Farm. 'Phone C5874. 