WEDDINGS AT SEA. The Appeal of Romance. LOVERS' LATEST CRAZE. Wedding, going away, honeymoon —everyhing at sea! More and more does the romance of such an arrangement appeal to young couples, and every year there is an increase in the number of marriages celebrated aboard (writes a former ship's officer in "Tit-Bits"). Miss Nora Bayes was married (for the fifth time) on the Leviathan in mid-ocean, and the cartoonist, Mr. Bud Fisher, was an ocean bridegroom. Last year there was such a flock of bridal couples on Atlantic boats that the United States Shipping Board ordered their captains to celebrate no more marriages. Usually, ocean weddings come about by chance rather than design. Three English girls crossed the Atlantic as second class passengers, to meet their future husbands, who held positions in New York. When the brides-elect reached that city they were not allowed to land, because they were unaccompanied. Not wishing to return to this country they went, with the matron of the immigration bureau, to the City Hall, where they obtained marriage licenses. Returning to the shin, they were joined by the husbands elect, and three weddings took place in the second-class passengers' library. The coup 1 es subsequently formed a club and agreed to meet every year. No less remarkable was the lovedrama of a couple of elopers who were making for New York as fast as a crack British liner "could carry them. Suddenly a horrible thought occurred to the man. Supposing the girl's father should send a message! After spending an anxious night, he consulted the captain, who proved himself a good friend. Through his influence, a minister among the passengers made the runaway couple man and wife in midocean* the skipper acting as best man, and the surgeon giving the bride away. In honour of the event the commander gave a wedding breakfast, and led the merrymaking. A romantic wedding was celebrat- ed during a Mediterranean tour. When the boat was a day or two out a couple, both British, met on deck for the first time, and a week later a minister on board married them. The bride was given away by the first officer, and in the evening a dance was held on the saloon deck. There should have been a similar wedding as a ship crossed the Equator, but it had to be postponed. An Irishman and an English widow of 23 becanje acquainted during a holiday cruise, and under the shadows of Pompeii, with the dazzling Italian sky overhead, they arranged to be married as the ship crossed the line. There was no difficulty about getting somebody to celebrate the ceremony, as an archdeacon on board offered his services. For some reason, however, the captain was not sympathetic, and the wedding had to be postponed, though it did take place at sea. In connection with some ocean weddings, Cupid plays strange pranks. Tjvo or three yars ago a young woman left Liverpool for New York, there to join and be married to a man she had known from childhood. Short as the voyage was, it was long enough for her to fall in love with another man, marry him, and step ashore at New York, a wife of two days. Her old lover met her, and there was a distressing scene. It is unnecessary to go far from our shores to witness weddings at sea. Many holiday-makers must have seen a small steamer, such as a tug, at a time when, unknown to them, a marriage was taking place aboard. The scene is usually just outside territorial waters on the north-east coast, and the parties are as a rule Scandinavians. Some years ago a Norwegian couple living In Sunderland, wishing to marry under the laws of their native land, chartered a tug-boat and put to sea with a large party. When their craft wSLE outside the three-mile limit, and therefore beyond British jurisdiction a Scandinavian pastor celebrated the wedding, which was registered by the Norwegian consul. Another Scandinavian couple could not marry in England because they had not acquired residential qualification. The * bridegroom, who was the captain of a steamer, hired a tug, and he and his promised wife steamed beyond the three-mile limit, where they were married by a Danish pastor. Afterwards they left for Seaham Harbour, where the captain's steamer lay. While these weddings are mostly peculiar to the north-east coast, some have aken place from Swawa and other ports. If they do not conform to the average bride's idea of the chief event of her life, they save time, and, more important still, avoid legal complications. 