New Settlers League (W.A. Division.) REPORT OF JULY MEETING^ The usual monthly meeting of the New Settlers' League was held at Perth on Friday, July 27, 1928. Mr. W. M. Gray occupied the chair A weleome was extended to Col. Hand, representing the Cornwall and Devon Association. A. return was submitted showing: Arrivals of assisted and nominated migrants for July, 1928, 322; June, 1928, 168; July, 1927, 3304; Arrivals of assisted migrants for July, 1928, 131; Juno, 1928, 70; July, 1927, 134. These figures disclose that an in crease took place for the month of nearly 100 per cent, above the pre vious month (June). Furthermore they show an advance of 18 upon the corresponding month of the pre vious year. Nevertheless the 1928 , tally is, to date 2329 as against 2844 at this time last year. Despite this falling off, greater difficulty is being experienced in clearing migrants from the Home this winter than has been the case for manv vears nast The secretary reported that there were 127 migrants in the Home wait .';? ing for jobs. Great difficulty was being experienced in persuading farmers to take migrants. Two 'drives' by the organiser had been ^unsuccessful from the viewpoint of finding immediate employment. Rou tine work at Head Office was on the increase, and, for the month, there . had been 902 outward postages, all of which had been covered by a staff of two — himself and the typiste. Owing to the situation at the Home at Fremantle, special efforts had be«n made to provide entertainment for the migrants. He had secured footballs for them; and cards, , draughts, and other indoor games.. : During the daytime, parties of them had been taken on trips of inspec , tion to the State Implement Works, \ and the Mt. Lyell Super 'Works. Fur ther, as a result of his efforts, the T.A-L. Band gave a concert at the Horn© on the 18th, and on the 26th a coneert was tendered to the mi ? grants in the Town Hall, Fremantle. More concerts were being organised, ; alsosome football matches. These activities had been possible only be cause of the co-oneration of a num ber of people, whose names were mentioned at the meeting. The secretary's report was adopt : ed, and a resolution was canied ?thanking all who had given assist . - ance. Arising from the report, it was decided to make next Thursday . . night a League Night at the Home. All members were invited to attend . to meet the migrants and talk over . the future with them. The Publicity Officers' report showed that progress was being made in the direction of establishing a monthly magazine for the League. While the report was under consider ation, Mr. J. J- Simons said that the publicity which the League was is suing was the 'best stuff of its kind in Australia.' A motion moved by him was unanimously carried that the Publicity Officer be congratulat ed. The Organiser's report covered a ' tour of the country round Merredin, Nungarin, Kununoppih, and Burra coppin. It showed that there were many unemployed in those districts, and further that many farmers were too hard up to pay wages to any one. Considerable discussion follow ed the report. It was suggested that the present policy of sending the organiser out along boggy roads in rainy weather was wrong; that it 'would be better for him to stay in the towns for a day or two and meet farmers there instead of going to their farms; that he should supply in Ins report a list or all tanners in tervieweu; mat the Ss.ti.iu. snould concentrate its eitorts on job nunt mg to lariners Avno nave lately got advances ior clearing ana ior net ting; mat me onipe sliouici Keep in touen witii Oaigetys, ililtler, Snutii, ana vVestralian x' armers, in or tier to meet tariners wiio comj to .fertiij mac tne saieyards snould oe yisiteu in tne metropolitan area; mat, wiien m me country, me Urganiser snouiu attend tootbali inatcnes and endea vour to attend Jttoaci. Uoara meetings inis crop of suggestions resulted in me. carrying qx a. motion that a spe cial meecing pi the trenerai lJurpo£ses Committee oe caned lor Monday next at 4 p.m. to consider organising. A report was received iroin our. Jtt. J. iStoudard, ilonorary (Solicitor to me .League, detailing nis enorts to obtain moneys due to migrants. The report related to nine cases, in one instance a iariner had deducted 2o/ iroin a migrant's pay because ne had given the migrant a ride in nis truck to tne farm, in anotner a default ing iariner had ottered in payment a f.js- to be met after next Harvest. Tlie olier was declined. Jj'or migrant itichards, Mr. fcjtoddart had been successful in recovering £13/10/ -. Others had received smaller amounts, in several cases summonses had been issued^ with, results wnieh it was uoped would be salutary. The re port was received with pleasure by the meeting, and a resolution was carried thanking Mr. Stoddart for the valuable work he was performing in an honorary capacity. Mr. H. Mann, M-L.A., rleated his meeting a Danish migrant named Jaeobsen, who (he said) was a high ly qualified expert in dairy farming and pig raising, and who 'was to-day working in W.A. as a builder's lab ourer. It was decided to ask Mr. Mann to bring the case of Jaeobsen under the notice of the Minister for. Agriculture in the hope that some thing could be done to utilise Jacob sen's knowledge. Reference was made to the Jervis Bay 'mutiny,' in which stowaways from W,A. played the major roles. Mr- H. M. PuUin, OiScer-in-Charge of Immigration in W.A., said the men concerned were not entered on his books. No record of them exists, either, in the books of the N..S.L. It is presumed that they drifted over here from the Eastern States. A letter was read from a farmer in which he claimed that some of the stowaway type could not possibly make good in W.A. because they were born idlers and ne^er- de-wells. He cited his own experience of the type While this topic was under discussion attention was called to the promin ence given the couaplaints of mi grants by the 'West Australian,' and regret was expressed that this news paper neglected first of all to consult either the Immigration Department or the N.S.L. regarding the bona fides and records of the migrants making the complaints. It was de cided to ask the 'West Australian' to receive a. deputation from the League on the matter. General Purposes Committee : From reports submitted by this com mittee it was shown that the League was giving a. variety of service to an increasing number of people. A lady in Enland was supplied with the ad dress of her son; a. migrant at Wyal catchem got information about his lodge; numerous writers and callers obtained data about land available for selection, and conditions apper taining; thereto; a migrant at Barra Barra. -was supplied with news about his Lost luggage; a migrant wrote stating- that he wished to nominate a friend, and was advised how to go about it; from Treslove a new set tler wrote asking the League to as sist, him to get a loan from the Ag ricultural Bank, and assistance was given; a migrant at Quairading wanting to know the ates for tractor drivers,- teamsters, and similar work, and the information was forwarded to him. In addition there was the usual big budget of letters from farmers giving reports about mi grants in their employ, and letters from migrants giving their opinion of their job and the way they were being treated. Centenary Celebrations : Mr- Mann was of the opinion that the League should give whatever assistance it could toward making ( a success of the centenary celebrations. At his. instance a motion was carried' refer ring the subject for a recommenda tion from the General Purposes Com mitte. Wubin and Darkan Tragedies: A prominent newspaper having alleged that farmers and their wives were showing hostility to migrants on ac count of recent crimes by newcomers, the topic was discussed by the meet ing. A report from the Organiser (Mr. W. C. Piggott) showed that, even around Wubin itself, people were broadminded enough not to blame migrants generally for the crimes committed by two migrants who happened to be abnormal. The Officer -in-Charge of Immigration (Mr. H. M- Pullin) said his depart ment had no knowledge of any aver sion of or antipathy to migrants be ing shown as a result of the Wubin and Darkan tragedies. Increased Representation: It was agreed that an invitation be sent to the Y.M.C.A. to apoint two deegates to the League. Immigration Department : By way of explanation, Mr. Pullin drew atten tion to a remark passed during the meeting which he thought reflected on his Department- He denied the impu tation that his Department transac ted its affairs in a 'cold official' waj- and that 'the human touch' was ab sent. Besides doing its formal work, he said, the Department sent officers on welfare work such as visiting migrants) in hospitals, prison-gate help, etc. Officers of his Depart ment were sympathetic towards the down-and-out migrant, and on oc casions actually took them into their own homes to tide them over a. spell of bad luck. Migration Policy: The chairman, introduced this subject by asking whether members thought the Lea gue should be content with merely, performing detail work, or whether it should study the migration prob lem with a view to educating public opinion in order to stimulate the flow of migrants. He said it was obvious that Great Britain was in serious straits, and that on the other hand we had resources which if organised, could do much toward absorbing Great Britain's surplus. If public opinion were aroused, per haps both organisation and devel opment would follow. Several mem bers expressed views which wer© di vergent and irreconcilable. It was then agreed to postpone the discus sion to next meeting. 