New Seulers League (W.A. Division.) REPORT OF JULY MEETING, j The usual monthly meeting of the New Settlers' League was held at' Perth on Friday, July 27, 1928. Mr. W. M. Gray occupied the chair- A welcome was extended to CoL Hand, representing the Cornwall and Devon Association. A return was submitted showing: Arrivals of assisted and nominated migrants for July, 1928, 322; June, 1928, 168; July, 1927, 3304; Arrivals of assisted migrants for July, 1928, 131; June* 1928, 70; Jnly, 1927, 134. These figures disclose that an increase took place for the month of nearly 100 per cent ahove the previous month (June). Furthermore they show an advance of 18 upon the corresponding month of the previous year. Nevertheless the 1928 tally is, to date 2329 as against 2844 at this time last year. Despite this falling off, greater difficulty is being experienced in clearing migrants from the Home this winter than has .been the case for many years past- The secretary reported that there were 127 migrants iri'the Home waiting for jobs.' Great difficulty was being experienced in persuading farmers to take migrants. Two "drives" by the organiser had been unsuccessful from the viewpoint of finding immediate employment. Routine work at Head Office was on the increase, and, for the month, there had been 902 outward postages, all of which had been covered by a staff of two—himself and the" typiste. Owingr to the situation at th e Home at Fremantle, special efforts had been made to provide entertainment for the migrants. He had secured footballs for them; and cards, draughts, and other indoor games.. During the daytime, parties of them had been taken on trips of inspection to the State Implement Works, and the Mt. Lyell Super Wbrks. Further, as a result of his efforts, the Y.A-L. Band gave a iconcert at the Home on the 18th, and on the 26th a concert was tendered to the migrants in the Town Hall, Fremantle. More concerts were being organised, also some football matches. These activities had been possible only beeause of the eo- operation of a number of people, whose names were mentioned at the meeting. The secretary's report was adopted, and a resolution was carried thanking all who had given assistance. ' Arising from the report, it was 'decided to make next Thursday night a Leagu e Night at the Home. All members were invited .to attend to meet the migrants and talk over the future with them. Th e Publicity Officers' report showed that- progress was being made in the direction of establishing a monthly magazine for the League. •While the report was under consideration, Mr. J. J- Simons said that the publicity, which the League was is- suing was the "best stuff of its kind in Australia." A motion moved by him was unanimously carried that the Publicity Officer be congratulated. The Organiser's, report covered a tour of the countiy round Merrediri, Nungarin, Kununoppin, and Burracoppin. It showed . that there were many unemployed in those districts, and further that many farmers were too "hard up to pay wages to anyone. Considerable discussion followed the report." It was suggested that th e present policy of sending the organiser out along boggy roads in rainy weather was wrong; that it would be better for him to stay in the towns for a day or two and meet farmers there instead of. going; to their farms; that he should supply in his report a list of all farmers intea-viewed; that the N.S.L. should concentrate its efforts on job hunting to farmers who have lately got advances for clearing and for netting; that the office should keep in touch with Dalgety's, Elder, Smith, and Westralian Farmers, in order to meet farmers who coma to Perth; that the saleyards should be visited in the metropolitan area; that, when in the country, the Organiser should attend football matches and endeavour to attend Road Board meetings- This crop of suggestions resulted in the carrying of a motion that a special meeting of the General Purposes Committee be called for Monday next at 4 p.m. to consider organising. A report was received from Mr. R. J. Stoddard, Honorary Solicitor to the League, detailing his efforts to obtain moneys due to migrants. The report related to nine eases. In one instance a farmer had deducted 25/- from a migrant's pay because he had given the migrant a rifle in his truck to the farm. In another a default- R ing farmer had offered in payment a , P.N- to be met after next harvest, Th e offer was declined. For migrant i Richards, Mr. Stoddart had been successful in recovering- £13/10/-. Others had received smaller amounts, In several cases summonses had been issued, with results which it was hoped would be salutary. The report was received with pleasure by the meeting, and a resolution was carried thanking Mr. Stoddart for the valuable work he was performing in an honorary capacity. Mr. IL Mann, M-L.A., rleaied his meeting a Danish migrant named Jacobsen, who (he said) was a highly qualified expert in dairy farming and pig raising, and who was to-day working in W.A. as a builder's labourer. It was decided to ask Mr. Mann to bring the ease of Jacobsen under the^notice of the Minister for Agriculture in the hope that something could be done to utilise Jacobsen's knowledge. j Reference jvas made to the Jems Bay "mutiny," in which stowaways from -W.A. played the major roles. Mr- H. M. Pullin, Offieer-in-Charge of Immigration in W.A., said the men concerned were not entered on his books. No record' of them exists, either, in the books of the N.S.L. It is presumed that they drifted over here from the Eastern States. A letter was read from a farmer in which he claimed that some of the stowaway type could not possibly make good in W.A. because they were born idler§ and ne'er-de-wells. He cited his own experience of the type- While this topic was under discussion attention was called to the prominence given.the complaints of migrants by the "West Australian," and regret was expressed that tins newspaper neglected first of all to consult either the Immigration Department or the N.S.L. regarding the bona fides and records of the migrants making the complaints. It was decided to ask the "West Australian" to receive a deputation from the League on- the matter. General Purposes Committee: From reports submitted by this committee it was shown that the League was giving a variety of service to an increasing number of people. A lady in Enl and'was supplied with the address of her son; a migrant at Wyalcatchem /got information about his lodge; numerous writers and callers obtained dat* about land available for selection, and conditions appertaining thereto; a migrant at Barra Barra was supplied with news about his lost luggage; a migrant wrote stating, that he wished to nominate a friend, iarid was advised how to go about it; from Treslove a new settler wrote ^asking the League to assist him to get a loan from the Agricultural Bank, and assistance was given; a migrant at Quairading wahting to know the ates for tractor drivers, teamsters, and similar work, and the information was forwarded to him. . In addition there was the usual big budget -of letters from farmers giving reports about migrants in then- employ, and letters from migrants giving their opinion of their job and the way they were being treated. Centenary Celebrations: Mr- Mann was of the opinion that the League should give whatever assistance it could toward making a success of the centenary celebrations. At his inStance a motion was carried referring "the subject for a recommendation from the General Purposes Comniitte. Wubin and Darkan Tragedies: A prominent newspaper having alleged that fanners and their wives were showing hostility to migrants on account of recent crimes by newcomers, the topic was discussed by the meeting. A report from the Organiser (Mr. W. C. Piggott) showed that, even around Wubin itself, people were broadminded enough not to blame migrants generally for the crimes committed by two migrants who happened to be abnormal The Officer-in-Charge of Immigration (Mr. H. M- Pullin) said his department had no knowledge of any aversion of or antipathy to migrants being shown as a result of the Wubin and Da rkan tragedies. Increased Representation: It was agreed that an invitation be sent to the Y.1LC.A. to apoint two deegates to the League. Immigration Department: By way of explanation, Mr. Pullin drew attention a remark passed during the meeting which he thought reflected on his Department- He denied the impuation that his Department transac- 'ted its affairs in a "cold official" way and that "th e human touch" was absent. Besides doing its formal work, he said, the Department sent officers on welfare work such as visiting migrants! in hospitals, prison-gate help, etc. Officers of his Department were sympathetic towards the down-and-out migrant, and on occasions actually took them into their own homes to tide them over a speS of bad luck. . Migration Policy: The chairman introduced this subject by asking whether members thought the League should be content with merely performing .detail work, or whether it" should study the migration* problem with a view to educating public opinion in order to stimulate the flow of migrants. He said it was obvious that Great Britain was in serious straits, and that on the other hand we had resources which if organised, could do. much toward absorbing Great Britain's surplus, If public opinion were aroused, perhaps both organisation and development would follow. Several xnem» -bers expressed views which were divergent and irreconcilable. It|vas then agreed to postpone the discussion to next meeting. & 