THE INEFFICIENCY OF THE FARMER. (To M lie Editor Cairns "Post,") Sir,-1 >um 'directed by my associa* tion to cuter ii protest against the grow- ing practice of. replying to the dairy farmers' demand fur living conditions with, thc accusation of Inefficiency, lt is usual to refer to thc fact that whereas the Danish farmer obtains 30011)». of butter from his cow, the Australian gets only UOIhs. and no ef- fort .is being made to improve matters, We arc of opinion that the mere state rincut of yield per' cow does, not .ftirnis.li a complete basis for comparison; Danish-farmers spend larger sums on artificial manures obtained cheaply. They have smaller herds. They have been in the industry longer. ... . They have built up pitre bred' herds. Den- mark: is exporting people. Australia is bringing in immigrants as; fast' as pos- sible, especially: froth liiiglaud. These people coming mostly frojn thc cities. ure put on thc tanti, the fact of their inexperience docs hot 'curtail their living necessities. ' ] v - . ' Vi Thc" Danish fanner, lias no drought or ticks to contend with, He is within sight of lu's market. If. the Australian farmer? received .'thc same price for his butter as-his Danish competitor, there would l)e ;ho jibbr'henls in : Australia. Thc yield of Australian cattle has iih V'tProvcd JOIbs. per cow iii"three* years. I 'jfhat'means something,. Wc think the proper; basis" of comparison : is nett-rc ^-.fttrn; per cow, Wc^ifTnölv bcrün tuc same footing'a»*'Denmark'for many years' yet. We arc pioneering..'Scrub has to be felled, grass grown, fences und buildings erected, lt must be re mcmbr'cd 'that'' thc time which'- elapses between scrub (niling and full grassing is four, years. We don't ask for spoon feeding. -\Vc.want-, merely tariff pro- tection like any other primary product. In England wc want harmony be- tween*:' Downing-street and Tooley-' street. It is useless for the former to , senil .immigrants to Australia with strict i instructions to take up . only primary industry, if Inc latter gives preferences to foreigners. Yours. Etc., WILLIAM, C., SOMMERS, Secretary. ?HucMVIirook L.P.A., Millaa Millaa, 