PRIMARY PRODUCERS' UNION DAYy Farmers' Picnic At Susan Island -V INFORMATIVE SPEECH BY FEDERAL' TREASURER . Federal Government and Dairy Industry NEW GOVERNMENT'S PROJECTS FOR THE FUTURE ENCOURAGEMENT FOR THE MAN 'ON THE LAND i Th Gjfe were those who had some misgivings as (to the, success of the. "Primary Producers '.Union Day" picnic," which wasarranged by the execu tive of the Clarence District Council of the P.P.U., and which took place yesterday at Susan Island., After events proved that such misgivings were needless, for nearly 500 people attended, thejgfeat bulk of them being' dairy farmers. Included among them was a fair percentage, of women and children. . - ; 1 ... The island is loolciug at its best, being clothed with a, thick mantle of green grass and there is abundant shelter from i-iie sun to be found under the umbrageous trees that are to be seen at the southern end,; where the picnic t'oolc place. Pro ill this spot the wine readies or the Glhr- eneo are visible and the town of Grafton can be seen nestling, as it seems, among giant plane and Moreton Bay Jig trees. Yesterday a niild north-easter was blow ing clean and. fresh' across the wide ex panse of water, rendering the atmosphere cool and invigorating. For tin ideal spot at which to laze away a summer after noon, one might go farther and. fare much worse, and tile wonder is that so little advantage is taken of. the opportunity to use such a health giving resort. Upon their arrival on the island ay tire motor ferry boats, ' which provided an ex cellent service throughout" the day, most of the visitors made themselves comfort able under the trees and spread out, their eatables, while the children disported themselves upon the grass. The male portion of the crowd split up into groups and discussed subjects of general interest, including the. weather, the crops, the state of feed in the paddocks, the condition of cattle, the state of the butter, market or the probable winner of the Anniversary Handicap. After partaking of am alfresco lunch the principal, guests delivered addresses to about 200 people la the pavilion, the reports of which are set out hereunder. After (lie speeches'1 were concluded the children competed for prizes under the supervision of Air. A. Lipinan and others, and they appeared to enjoy themselves as only children can.' Some 50 persons arrived by . bdlit from the Lower River, including represenl.itivc residents and farmers. In fact all of the outlying" districts, of" the Clarence wee re presented, very many arriving either at .jQlr.-uft'o'iii dfcftSou ttoi tl rif HCffitfOyl ter.i .1 > rD i.'WhHoP'baYqh.t"-! Ulift aitf-ioptiihistic .-ukirge measure to the fact that the . political oiUio'bky fi"'6iu the "farmer's point of vied", is 'more 'encouraging than it was sonio; months ago. The various speakers also' struck a cheerful note, and. on the "whole the gathering appeared, to be of the na-. tare of a tonic to those who attended. Mrs. Earlo Page w.'is prUscnt being the guest at the picnic of Mrs. O. N upper, of Uimarra, wife- of the District President. Mr. It. Green, M.1LB,, . who was the flrst speaker, left the island early, in or der to catch the mail train for .Sydney. ,. iDr. Karlc Page and Mr. T\ Grant are He.Tviiig '-South GWifton1 this morniug ajrd - vyiJi|i!oSd|)eakiVi ati ! Bellingen,: Mucks vil ley jBHiP; Tafqe. . ,oij i., tlpf ir , jvqy,: sou .Mr.;, JM'. Union) is tp' jdiji' j'/ic parly' a i, 'Taree. d \\! > lii-iil gi'-'tTi e'' V-rf Iits'cP oiYH;!ke'isj)e:ecl!c3 men tion; was:!inadc olLthe fact that'the three representatives in the Federal Parliament from whom the primary producers could expect. Hie most sympathy and assistance were Dr. Page and Meksrs. Prat ten and Patorson,. whilst the Clarence district was re presented in the State Parliament by another in the person of Mr. Pollack. Sonic wag in the audience aptly described the quartette as the P.P. Union. If the said wag had thought a,, little longer he might have added the name of Mr. Grant, whose Christian name is Patrick, and so made a quintette' of it. ADDRESS BY MR: R. H. GREEN, M.H.R.." ' The president of tli e District Council (Mr. C. Napper) stated that Mr. R. IT. Green, M..I1.R, desired to leave by the Sydney train that afternoon, and he in vited that gentleman to 'address the gathering. Mr. Green said he was 'glad. to accept the invitation to attend the rally at Graf ton that day — the flrst of what lie under- Stood would be a series of annual, pic nics that would be held to commemorate the imposition of a duty on imported but ter. l'u the main portion of his district —the Richmond and Tweed Rivers dis trict — the problems of the primary pro ducers were very similar to those- which obtained here, and in speaking to Dr. Pago's 'constituents lie was addressing producers of the same typo as those on the two rivers further north. Tic sin cerely hoped that tlic.se gatherings as the years went on would become the rallying occasions for all classes of primary pro ducers. Referring to the imposition of the im port duly on butter, Mr.. Green said that the first mention of a duly against, Now Zealand butter was made the year before last, when he (the speaker) had brought the ma ti er forward. The M inister for Customs, in reply to a . question bv him in /the House, said that, an application would have to be made to the Tariff Board for inquiry and. report. It had been expected that the' Australian Dairy Council would take the necessary action,- seeing that they could speak for the 'in dustry throughout the Commonwealth, but they failed to do so, ami it remained for the Primary Producers' Union to make that application. The amount asked for was (id per lb. against New Zealand, which was Australia's greatest competi tor, and in due course the Tariff Board completed its investigations. No evidence was given against the application, and when the Board .presented its report the granting of the Application for a 6d per lb. duty was recommended. In that, mat ter alone the -P.P.U. — their own organ isation — had been of material benefit to tlieni, and the dairyman who did not be long to that organisation was of the type of man who took all that could be got, for him by someone else and would not join in to help in obtaining it. "When the union became better known he be lieved there wpnbl lie a; membership of 100 per cent. The Minister for Customs,. Mr. Prattcn, was really the repvosenin- live of a city eonstilueney and his inter ests were outside of primary production', yet that gentleman had been so faken witb the fair and just claims of the pro ducers that he had introduced- the neces sary measure in the Uonse. A distinct meed of praise was flue to Mr Prattcii who without' aiiy direct country interests' ;lt- all had acceded to the 'requests of the primary producers in this matter. So far as the country members were con cerned the party to which he belonged and of which the ; leader was the mem- bcr fori the people of the Clarence dis trict there was no division in their ranks. They were a happy family, who pulled well together, and he was only too proud to serve under Dr. Page as his leader. He Avas a man who was. an acquisition to the Federal Parliament, and while thov > 1 had a, man of his mental calibre aud clear vision public, life in this country would be something worth while. He congratu lated the people of the Clarence upon having a. man with the high moral char acter, .push and determination of Dr. Page as their member in the Federal Par liament. (Applause.). Mr. C. Napper, president of the Clar ence .District Council/ of the P.P. U., pre sided, and in introducing the other speak ers, apologised for ,tlic absence of -Mr. Prattcn (Minister fdr Customs), and Mr. , Patorson (Minister for. Markets and 1 Migration). He said he would very much like to have seen them present to cele- . brate the, first annual picnic of the organi sation. He also apologised for the absence of Mr. Watson, president of the Farriers' and Settlers' Association, and a number of others, who could not make it vcon- ' i venieiit to be present,. He was not going- . to apologise for the absence of ' a number - of brother fanners, for a number of them, - — had they had the will, could have been with them. -He would have been .iiiucli bet ter pleased if, instead of the compara- ; , lively small attendance, the island .had ; l.oen filled with farmers and those inter ested Mil fanning pursuits. He then intro- due yd Dr. Etude -Rage, the Federal Treas-, urer. . , : , Dr. Page said that he was .sorry,, that,. i i Messrs. Patorson 'and Pratten had- 'q|,)Y been .able to make, the projected tony;, g);''.),, the; North ..Coast. Mr. Prattcn ;hadq£n\y pai-.ticuinrly ..keen .upon . inakiiig the, 'rip...; Tlni" invitation was extciidcd,-to- Mr.ri-jS- ten, at the instigation of the prbmd6ji"t of the Cejitral g33xjf jMive: , of-;"tli.e-TP-I .Oy Mr. P. .Grant, whqliad told' KiiuVUjsit the fa rniers "would '."be'' "'p'ieascil.. ' to; inake/'fyy statue) of 'him 'iii TjiVL'icr. However, a Min-""" - istcy 'of thc uC?owii ivas riot always . able , to control iiis hctions. and several events had t-i'a aspired to prevent Mr. Pratten 's projected visit, one of them being a "strike"; of the crews of tile .lighthouse yseis. A-A Continuing,. Dr. Page t.said,; in qjartY— y. ) The dairying industry is one of the ) most valuable industries -in -the Avlicle -of the British Eji.ijii.rc, as it brings, about an intensive forni; of settlement, provides iin;, rivnllech . opp.Qj.lu>ii.iti.QS .- for-A home-making,, .j .and, for ..keeping; fiamn;Ues .dugpther wjjifiibffn f lic home is liiadcy lyijjpit can-, hp p., ally - blip ro.disti,bljutpji--»iof--:-the -ipqpla®ejb«8; of the Fmpire. A s';gn -. Australian inx||is-:fajs tryj its importance Is apparent, whether. it is: ju.dgqd by- .its magnitude, by,-.;thc ; m charactev of itsl product,, by tli e value-.- .f its. export, or by its influence on,- - social r life. - ' . . The dairy farms alone represent a capi- ; tal of £.125,000,000 expended on tlieiv de- . ; vclopmeiit and equipment, with an. annual; production of £45,000,000, of which £30,000,000 is for niillc products. The but- ter and cheese .factories .represent a capi tal outlay of £4,250,000. The annual value of the products of these factories was, during the last live years, nearly £23,000,000, the average f annual .produc tion of butter for the same period being about 120,000 tons, of which two.-thirds was consumed locally and . one-titird ex-- ported. On the dairy farms, -no less than: 143,785 people are directly employed. In - Ihe associated - factories, an additional 582G people are employed. The factory ; : side of the industry in itself compares favorably with .many of the big second-- ary industries. The dependents of these, ; employed in the in.dus.try,- '-'number 500.000, i" - while, in addition, it is no exaggeration ,-- to say that hundreds of towns entirely ; di'pcnd npoii the dairying industry. Direer- . ly and iiulirectly, at least 1,000,000 peop'e in A ustralia, or . o'ne-sixth of the total population, arc dependent upon the dairy- ; ing industry. The product of the indus try is curried to so finished a state locally. ./ as (o be able to be immediately consumed or exported in a state fityfor immediate ; - .consumption,. Two-thirds of our priduct - t is consumed inAustralia. One-third of our ; c total production is exported in its final stage, ready for consumption, and is sue- i t-pssfiilly coin pol ing with the rest of the world in quality and price. . ; - In the ,11)27 London Dairy Show,; Aus tralian butler secpred first and third ; prizes and tied for the second prize with a Canadian factory. In the unsalted divi- ' sion, Australia won the first, second and r third prizes against both New Zea'and and Canadian competition. This big ex- porting industry helps to pay for our de velopment, bringing back manv millions i of fresh capital annually to enable us to carry it on. ' The manner in which the dairying in dustry is carried on, makes it of great ' value to our national' life. It is the indus try par excellence that keeps families to-, getlior till the children have grown to adult life. As the industry is carried on in small areas, a. moderate capital enables many to become freeholders. This brings about intensive settlement and also per mils of a fair amount of. .social life. It is especially adapted for opening up new country by reason of the fact that a valuable amount of the product is con densed in a small and easilv handled bulk. Tt is almost the only land industry that gives monthly regular returns and approximates farm conditions 'to the re gular wages and salary of city employ- . meat. : ' , Australian dairying provides probablv the highest example of co-operation m liie world. In the Paterson scheme, for r the provision of a bounty on export bv means of voluntary lew, 100 per cent, eu- operation has been secured. Tins co operation in the dairving industry has been attained practicallv without. Gov- eminent assistance and has enabled t-re- - mcnilons results to lvc achieved with minimum investment of individual capi- y tal. The co-operative companies Possess probably the finest butter factories in the world, built nut of their own resources' anil constantly kept 'up to date-'"1 Y . Y An industry of such magnitude, of' such- ' =; social value, and one able- to ' (om-> ' V - "v" '' i > < , ' ' pete on level terms "witli other countrieSj and "which has striven so much, to help itself and put itself into its present posi: . ttion3 is entitled t<i' the support of the Gov ernment of- Australia - to assist its'- pro gress. The industry does not ask for Gov ernment interference with its methods of operation. It asks that Governmental as sistance shall be given in such ways as will stimulate its progress and develop ment by cutting down costs of production and assuring sufficient profits to enable obsolete methods, out of date buildings, and inferior stock to be scrapped, there by creating a beneficial circle of increas ing output and continually improving liv ing conditions for those engaged in it. The Bruee-Page Government has recog nised these claims and has, in consulta tion with the industry, proceeded along the lines of a definite plan to increase A he national value of the industry by en suring the greatest ' possible return to those engaged in it, and by stimulating the greatest possible production. , "The supply of dairy products, like land production generally, tends to be season able. The consumption, however, is con tinuous. Methods of covering the lean period of the year are necessary there fore, both in the interest of the consumer and the producer. If no steps are taken, the producer loses by the glut of the pro duct in the flush season, through the low prices that are then realised, and the great wastage that takes place, while the consumer loses by the great scarcity and high prices. in the lean period. To spread the siyrplus of the flush period over the shortage of the lean period, requires organisation ' and finanee. As this action benefits both the producer and consumer, it is reasonable that the producer should be aided to perfeet organisation and machinery for financing the regular and orderly marketing of his produce. ! The arrangement of organisation and finance for the orderly marketing of our butter production is complicated by the fact that one-third of our output is sold in- the export market and the questions of home and export commerce and trade V are dealt with by two different Govern ments. The State Government controls in ternal trade and the Commonwealth Gov- eminent. external trade and commerce. , No satisfactory solution of the' problem y ;of marketing can, however, be achieved, without viewing it as a whole. The Aus tralian Constitution makes it very diffi- . cult by governmental action to complete ly cover the whole field, but the whole hearted eo-operation of the industry and of the various States can enable success to be achieved. Tlie essentials to a satisfactory solution of the marketing problem in the dairying industry on which continuous' production depends, are: — 1\. Ability' to spread the sale of our but ter over the whole of the year. 2\. Means of lifting off the local mar- ' ket the' weight, of the export surplus to enable an Australian parity to be ob tained for local sales and to prevent a \ depressed market when the flush season is on! 3\. A high, uniform standard Of quality to coimnah'd 'the best price. '4. Maximum production from the cow and minimum costs of production gener- j ally. ' " J. ; i The progress of modern " invention, backed by 'the co-operation of the farm ers and stimulated by Federal and State Government; /assistance, can enable all these essentials to be ..attained. The re frigeratioiit prpcess and. cold storage en- ! able the butlgr'''. 'orv> -.con-" siderable rate, .an extop.fhgn.pf the . mi tying . pe fold, through tlie assistance of conserved fod- ; . dor and special feeding, can also be of great value. With regard to the provision of cold storage,' the 'Commonwealth Gov ernment, in Vthe! recent : recbnstitid.ibVf ' ofr SPgHle Commonwealth Savings Bank, took Steps to provide: for advances to co-opera tive' bodies on long terms, to permit the ' erection of cool stores and factories, with . the object of manufacturing. . uhd. holding sueli a .'product' /as. ;.butt\»:f:' To assist .-.tli'q" r xflar- keting, provfigrohV has ' been', made iiff the Rural Credits e(paririient of the Commonwealth/ Bank, 'ffoh, substantial ad vances lip "to 80/ per cent, of the market value, to be .-made against produce — sueli as butter held in. store- — to permit' of re gular monthly cheques being paid by the factories to the suppliers. In addition, special provision has been 'made in the Dairy Produce Control Board, Constituted by the Commonwealth Government, to finance arid control the disposal of the export surplus. This body has now been in existeiree for two years and acts in conjunction" with a' London agency, with a view to regulating tlie export of nutter and cheese in order to secure the- b.est 'possible" return to the producer. It is e ect- j ed by the co-operative and proprietary' i' hatter factories and has handled, over 100,000 tons of butter since its' inception. The board's agency and the distributors in Loudon meet regularly and make arrangements for the sale of the butter. By negotiating with the shipping aiid insurance companies, the boqrd has secured reductions in p.verseas freight and insurance, which, during tlie seasons 1925- 26-" and 1926-27, .saved " the ' producers ' ap proximately £120,000.' ' . The necessity for such a controlling ! body, and indeed, for ' further action, is . shown in tlie London sales and tli-3. com- V merits of the Imperial; Economic .Commit- tee thereon... There , supplies are highest, and the wholesale prices are lowest in the early months or the year. There are two peaks in the supplies. The first is i i Janu- ' ary and February, when heavy consign ments from the southern hemisphere reach | the market, and the second in April and j May, when supplies from the .northern hemisphere are becoming abundant. The j wholesale prices fall about rhe opening of the year, while a recovery is made in February and March and tlrre is a re newed fall in April. From June onwards, there is a gradual' fall in the visible sup- \ply, which lasts until November. During ' this period, prices steadily rise and a curious " thing takes place/ The southern supplies are on their way to the market H and their amount is known generally. Yet the' wholesale price continues to ris" un til towards the end of the year, w:ir-n it suddenly crashes, with the result that 1 when the southern butter arrives, much of it is sold at ordinary prices. At Christ- J in as, the consumer in the United Kingdom has, in consequence, to pay an unduly high | retail price and within a fortnight the i Dominion producer receives an unduly j low" return. Over many years it is tound " that the highest prices are from Beptem- I her until December, and have a range be tween 70/ to 90/ per cwt. above the lowest of tlie year. The retail prices lend I. to lag behind the wholesale prices, espoci- , I ally where they are falling. The' result is P that the British .consumer does no,-. buy j I ' as much as die., -otherwise would, and is j I forced to take, margarine, or some other j I substitute. The greater portion of the but- I I from the. Dominions is sohl at, or near, | I fiie lower, rather than the higher, figure. | I The higher, values are often the result | of scarcity and speculation in the -market. J I Denmark has. taken steps' to regulate her 1 I supplies, which is in marked contrast to i I fhe Australian position. J I A stabilised price would assist English ' I consumption. There is no doubt that the . I more closely the Australian shipper can I I get in tfiueli with the market abroad and j I the less-financial dependence he has on the 1 ry.nalish commission agent, the better for fhe Australian dairy farmer and this the I Dairy Produce Control Board is enabling I to do.u , The. second essential in the marketing of Australian butter is a satisfactory means"' of lifting" the export" surplus. Two lines of" action havemiaterially ' assisted here: (1) The- raising of the duty on foreign butter to 6d.; and (2) The Pater- son scheme of a bounty on export. The Paterson scheme is enabled to operate by reason of the existence of the tariff pro tection on butter and the natural protec tion of. her markets by Australia's re moteness from other parts of the world i The principle of the Paterson scheme is (to levy on the whole of the butter pro duced in Australia for the purpose of ray ing a bounty on that portion exported, . thus making it more profitable to export than to sell in Australia. 'The lifting of the weight of the export surplus from the Australian market permits the Australian price to advance to the , price at which butter can be imported. It is this advance that makes the seheme of value to the Australian farmer. During the last two years, this has been worth £4,000,000 to him. While the duty was only -2d. per lb., New Zealand, which is only 1000 miles from Australia and exports 80 per cent, of its butter, has be fen abl to; come in and cut Australia's .prices. Though the amount of imported New Zealand butter was never great, varying in value from a few hundred pounds to half; a million in different years, yet the addition of even 1 per cent, to the butter to be consumed in Australia, destroyed our balanee be tween the export and import quota?. Even if no butter was aetually imported, the fact' that it might so easily' be' imported eaused a feeling' of uncertainty and laek cf confidence in the market. The effect of the entrance of New Zealand ' butter is merely to displace an equal" quantity of Australian butter, which had ""then to "be exported, and on which a bounty would (be paid. The 6d. duty is not too -high. There is not much, likelihood of the cluty being used in an extortionate manner, as 'those who control the butter industry in Australia are quite cognisant of the fact that a price above a certain figure limits consumption and consequently > is of little value to the industiy. All well- wishers- of the industry must be gratified in getting the measure so readily through Parliament. The third essential to the successful marketing of Australian butter is that it must be of the highest quality and of a uniform standard. This is secured by grading it under tlie Commerce Act, -a special - brand, the '/Kangaroo Brand," being imposed upon the- choicest Aus tralian butter. This has now been in ex istence for three and a half years and has already "substantially improved the returns of the industry. Before the in troduction of grading and standardising, it was customary for Australian butter to sell generally from 10/, or more, less than New Zealand. The average for 1926- | 27 for the wh.ole year, was: Australia, 160/; New Zealand, 161 -J/; Danish, 176/; and on December 16 last, New Zealand butter and "Kangaroo" butter were quoted on the London market at the same price. The product lias continually improved in quality. This improvement is largely rendered possible by the high standards of the butter factories in Australia, which are models of cleanliness and efficient working.. Each season shows that a higher standard is being reached. Jn. 1925-26, 58 per cent, of : our -.butter.:. !wus> eh dice's#? ?In: 1926-27, b'S-qicr /eeriffi'Dtf the5 'b'UfYer exg ported was graded "choicest'- and "18"" per cent', first quality;. It is essential tlia We should effn tin i<0Au- gbqd--H:kyiithis: Britain is excluding preservatives ironi. rood," and we must find sbm'c means of sending our butter in' as good a condition as at present over its long journey, with out any deterioration- and without preser vatives. "/'"'. . .1 ... — The last essential for successful mar keting is that our price must be com petitive. To succeed in this, the cost of production jiiust be-eut.to a minimum. We must adopt. /all- po'ssiljfeiiethods of reduc ing the .cost of pidduptibii, without lower ing the .-standard -'qf|iliyingi of those en gaged ill- v yos e« t Com- tnoiijyea.uh made sub- stantia direction, it firstlS|faeKe(i0Mroh of trans port, whiifif' is one/|ftp-Jnajor factors in' tiie total - IMNplio'1- The Fed eral" Government" has pbiqiiglit into1 being flic Federal Aid Roads Scheme, which provides' definite Federal assistance, sup plemented by State assistance, for - the building of arterial and developmental roads, to the extent of some £3,500,000 a year for the next 10 years. This will help ro shorten the time that the cream is in transit and maintain its quality. Proper refrigerating ears on our railways, and tlie installation of motor trains, can also lessen the time nl! exposure, both of 'cream anil butter, en route to market. The Com monwealth Government." in its contract j with, tlie Orient Line for the carnage of j European mails, has assured, as part of the contract, a definite amount of refriger ating 'space for butter at the lowest pos sible price. The- Government;- is ;plso , attempting to cut the' costs offyr'od'uefei6n: '"by relief1 from , t:txafibn,;.wliore it touches th-e dairy farm. For instance, the. inspection charges in connection 'with grading have been, this year, abolished, which will give the dairy ing- industry a" ephsiderabje annual sav- jing. Land taxation tliis 5ear pas been rc- jduced by 10 percent.; and many" anomalies j in its collection and incidence have also keen removed. Income taxation lias, this year, been reduced by 10 per cent., mak ing a reduction of 40 per cent, during the life of the present' - Government. Three .years ago, the income exemption was rais- ed to £300 per year, which, added to the liberal deduction 'of £50 for eac-h cnild, placed many farmers outside the range of the Federal income tax. Other conces sions given in mv ' last Budget will still probably k'eep the- dairy farmer free cif Federal income taxation. For instance, de ductions have been allowed from income, of sums spent in the eradication of pests, in getting land ready for the plough, in draining land, in' destroying scrub, ling- harking timber, suckering, etc. Losses on past years are able to be deducted from future profits and substantial depreciation is permitted on 'improvements. Many items that are essential to the dairy farmers have been made free of Customs duty, such as cream separators. Half of the cost of the trade publicity minpuign in England, which must he re: ganled as part of the ordinary cost of production and marketing, is now being borne by tlie Commonwealth Government. The -Dairy Control Board has also been ' able to effect savings in freight, insur- | anee, etc., that runs into many thousands ' of pounds per year. - Other reductions in the cost of produc tion are possible- by continual improve ments 'in factory"' management' and the use of electricity. The "general development of -electrical' power ought to mater .ally reduce costs. Several factories on the Clar ence River have, in this' "way. almost, cut their, power costs by half.' In addition, the carrying cajuicity .of farms can be in creased by the iitilisatioh": of artificial and new .grasses. 'Paspaliinq clover, kikuyii, have already accomplished wonders. The use of fertilisers and the itil roduerion of subterranean clover have also materially assisted. The practice of growing feed roust become much more universal, as fodder conservation, either in hay or ensilage, is necessary t'o extend tlie period of milk ing and to bring cattle into their milking j in bettor condition. j In addition, we must seek to improve i the output of butter per cow, as there | are the same overhead costs for the poor cow as for tlie'good cow. Any increased return- is- a straight-out ' gain. To get any where in this ' connection", ""it" is" no use trying to act blindly. We must knew ex actly what our cows are doing, and the' only thing that can tell us, is cow test ing. The Commonwealth Government is willing to- give Government aid i'or the creation of herd testing societies, and to offer a. subsidy of 3/6 per eow, up to the first 400 cows," and another 1/' per 'eow up to 1000 cows. The State Governments are willing to give .an equivalent amount. The various Governments are willing ' to assist in the improvement of the stock by means of bulls of good strain." .Queens land, for instance, is willing to pay half the actual cost of getting a bull of good_ strain on to the farm. Though all farmers eann'ot take advantage of such otLys, it is hoped that, with the fillip given to the industry by the increased duty, there will bj> miich more done than ,iii! the past. Even if individual farmers- fea-nnot buy better bullsjftlie Institution' "of" ; cooperative Bull Oiubs/'iir/enabie much' djfetter stock to be brfed. Denmark has seeii in the course of 40- years, " an improvement from SOlb. of butter-fat per cow, in 1864, 1161b. per cow in 1887 2161b. per cow in 1.90S, We have seen, individual results, as striking iii Australia, aiid what is needed is to make such' improvement general. What is necessary for the farmer, if lie desir-es satisfactory Marketing ' results, is' to' ensure that the price and' -quality are right, aiid the supplies continuous. There is' new" competition to meet from the Argentine. Siberia and the Baltie States, all of ' which have loiyer standards of liv ing.' There -is no doubt "that 'Australian conditions gnd the exercise of judgment in breeding and handling 'of ' the product "will enable the Australian dairy ma u to hold his own and gradually oust ffohi the Empire' market all foreign importations. In the" last 21 years, the total imported into Britain from within the "Empire has grown from 68 per cent, to 88 per cent'. The dairying industry is, I have said, entitled, to sympathetic consideration iroin. tlie1 Commonwealth Government, and of the Governments of the Empire, because of its importance as an intensive form of agriculture, because of its great nat ional advantages, because it can help;' the redistribution of the Jiopulation "of , the Empire, because it gives essentially a safe living to immigrants and those un dertaking it. Our methods must ensure the" maximum output, the highest quality,- continuous supply with the least working costs and the best methods of distribution 'and marketing. The Australian Government has given the dairy farmers the machinery and the opportunity to sneeeed. It has protected the home, market, has given very satisfac tory means of maintaining their place/ in' ' the London market, and has assisted in obtaining preference in the Dominion markets. Now what is necessary is, a ','eopi-- plete 100 per cent, co-operation of all the Individual- units of the industry. MB. GRANT ON ORGANISATION. I ... - Mr. P. Grant said that -notwithstanding the remarks of the president of tlie .Dis trict Council with regard to the small attendance lie (the speaker) was really j gratified that there were : so many - pre sent. There were quite fenough thefo to leaven the whole ,lump;.qf : the; daifyinen .infills vsli-iet... Itras.li|ty.6|j the Executive to -deUlSjfilSSt'iriojdis- triet-ebuneilfeS&'histriJit eils to deal wdth"1KnrehffSpWhlc'(S|iurh "tibif " aioiig ' he " was'saffiffiecT tiiey might easily have TOO '"'pfe'r ' cen# of "tlfe" nnl|r producers of the district in the member ship of the union. .Tie understood that there were 500 dairymen members of the union at the time of the first meeting, t "but to-day they were about 13., 000 stroiig. Ee was very sorry tli.it Messrs. Fratten . and Paterson had been unable to make the trip with Dr. Page on' this occasion,' and in this connection he called attention to the group of Federal. Ministers whose names began With; P.— Messrs.,',. tPage, / Pratteh, a'n'd Paterson— wiio' .iiiidr''ij#h: so, / closely - associated ' improvement' '; ox -me concnrions in r.nc Uairv industry, , ; He fffeaffito 'Toi- tos? geiiWehien,' ana"'tih,ere"was 'Kii enthusiastic r jnjjffiiis'e; 11 "',0 -,u» :n> Mil' Grbnt; 1 eontihuiiig, "&itf; that /com/ pliinent would be cbiiveyed to the other two Ministers. Dr. Page had found both of those gentlemen exceedingly helpful- in his efforts to plaee/ the primary pro? dueers on a better footing. The doctor, in his (Mr. Grant's) opinion was the best. Federal Treasurer they had ever had. Perhaps the most severe criticism that they had heard about liim was that 'he always brought in a surplus, and as a Scotchman he '(the speaker) could appre ciate surpluses. (Laughter.) He desired to impress upon the dairymen the. need j.>ji uigciuisduon. ..'voout tour years ago he had attended a meeting in Melbourne in connection with' the scheme proposed by the late Mr. McGrae,'by which they wanted to obtain' Interstate control over the butter market, but owing to a cer tain provision in the Constitution Act it I could not be granted. Mr. Paterson then 1 put his scheme before them, saying: "This is my scheme; I will leave it to you." Mr. Paterson had provided the brain wave, and tlie dairying industry, had carried his proposals into effect. Tluit showed the benefit of strong organisa tion. He: thought the- dairy industry bad been the one great factor in getting this import duty, but that factor would be of little use to- them unless they took meas ures to reap the full benefit. They had been able to rearrange the Paterson scheme so that they paid a bounty of 4d. instead of 3d., and further than tliat they would have to make- an Interstate agree ment- and get more organisation between the different States. Efforts in that direc tion were already being made. The Paterson scheme had giveu them 3d. per lb. more for their butter sold within the Commonwealth. To get that 3d. they have to deduct Id. on" the butter for the export bounty, which left thein 2d. per lb. clear profit on every pound of butter produced iii Australia to-day. If they took the average price of 1/4 per lb/ — that was 16 pence — they could say that' 2d. of that had been brought through the Paterson scheme— one-eighth of the who) e amount — and that one-eighth would give them about 121- per cent., or 2/6 of every butter cheque which they received, fi om the Paterson scheme. He thought that c-ventnally they would be getting 3/6. of every .£1 cheque, and. with further organisation in the: various States they hoped to bring it up to 4/ out of everv ;£1 coming from that scheme. They would, therefore, see the great value of organ isation, and he hoped that everyone would do his best to further the interests of the P.P. Union in this State. (Ap plause.) MR. A. J. POLLACK, M.L.A. Mr. A. J. Pollack, M.L.A., said he thought it had been demonstrated that day that politick had a lot. to do with tho dairy industry and its progress and pros- 1 perily. Dr. Page had modestly set out , what, the Federal Government bad done, 1 but it was mainly by reason of the fact that the doctor himself occupied a posi tion of great influence in that Govern ment and was also leader of the Austra lian! Country party that so much bad been done in .the way of helping along the in dustry. Under the Constitution, tlie powers of tlie Federal Government to promote the interests of the industry were very J limited, "but he did not-' know' anything J whieli. That Goveriinient-yould do within ; those limited powe'k that-' Tliey had not already done of were attempting to do. The limitation's of the Federal Constitu tion were such that the Commonwealth Government could' only deal wi t li such pro ducts as were exporte.d, but- so far as tlie commodities . that were consumed within tlie State were concerned the State Gov ernment had sole jurisdiction to deal with them. Dr. Page had told- them a lot I about what the Paterspn scheme meant to 1 the industry in a most explicit way and, no doubt all could see that; the dairy .farmer was in a much better position to-day than he was a few years ago. lie (the speaker) had been gfeatly struck- by what Mr. Grant' had told tlicin :ab;out the scheme. It was quite 'evident'' that it could not be made sufficiently . effefetTye,.-and the greatest gbo'd' could hot be doiie,; unless/there, was the fullest State "'co-operation and as sistance and that was a very difficult ,mat- ter. < , . . . /' : So far. as the Department- of Agricul ture was concerned, Mr.- Pollack continued, this State- was extremely fortunate: iii" hav ing at its head such a Minister as Mr. Thorby. He was not only a man who had a scientific .knowledge of - farming, but he was also an expert' and practical farmer, who had been successful on the land him self. There was no one better able to preside over the Department of. Agricul ture than Mr. Thorby, aii'd lie had taken up the. questions affecting the man: on tlie iffnd'. The position with, regard to the pro duction of ' butter had been gone into by Mr. Thorby and bis officers and statistics had been' collected. : He (Mr. Pollack) would like to quote .some, figures which he had worked out' from/ those which Mr. Thorby had- obtained "dealing essentially with. New South "Wales/production. From November, 1926,. to, September, 1927 (eleven months) the/total factory produc tion was -34,829- tons, and of that 5956 tons were exported overseas; and 3lS9 tons were sent to other States. The butter ex ports from New South AVaTes greatly ex ceeded the butter 'imported' from the other States — there was a conflict "of interests between the States. The total quantity' of butter exported in tho.se 11 months was 9145 tons aiid . the" total" quantity con sumed in New "South "Wales was 25,684 toiis. They could add to that 25,684 tons a- total of 2976. tons, Avhich was imported from overseas, mostly from New Zealand,, and 2973 toiis imported from other States and that brought the local consumption up to 31,633 tons; which was 3196 tons less than production.- ? New. South Wales, therefore; was now in the position that if the overseas ' and Interstate imports ceased, the Stdte.'s oWn- consumption would overtake the total 'production, aided only by the present exports . overseas, except, p.efhaps, in -a finish;' season; 'This Stat A ex ported overseas 5956' tons arid the surplus of. production over local cpiisumption was 3196 tbW""There" ' w'as;J; therefore, a Sur plus export over the' 'requirements for local consumption of- 2769 torisi It .wouid consequently-: appear ' that, with 'the , gr ; wth of .population; 'if produidtionwerit on 'And' dfevbldppieut kept'.'paCA with1 /it,' possibly' before -mail y years had';pa'ssed, the local production of butter would ,be met by the eonsumpfioii'1 w'itliiii, -the"; -borders' . of 7'tiic State'; '©flhf .MfeftSfer "tb! iiia;keJ aff ?a rr ari'g-e lA'c/riF/t) Atwi/ /tlieo tlier0 liU Fer £ jirddieiilg StSte MerfcbZflik "iinpor't?/- j Te ifv ' gTfe'&t;" as'ilt.'pfgscnf !'\\.EeflAVari'tgacdl thai: ' ; Stubiiisatibn /GmniaJtiffeA ' ' tkat//ha,.. apiioiiite'd \v'as dbirig'gfeat "work," ''Hid Mr! Tliorby was prepared "to' give the gr'earest a ssistance possible - ; )7hen the inqni ries weTe: xna'de -by t-hat/'feomriiittee, so that eventually an Intevsthte' arfaiigeinen'- irtight be niade, whi.chBwould' be en out standing advantage to the butter -produc ing people of New -South Wales, and which would be ah" additional benefit to the Paterso:n scheme. : _ I | Dealing:-. -with'' 'What 'the present Sta/t-o ( Sovfe'rnni-eiit' had' assist Miqoipqiraftk ?ka'M 'r!,y,ea.rs'iit?life,:(- o'rga nferiliibfi ' 1 nlfii'd''Jbefen '''fly'Ktiig' 'for ' ' th'A ' ' :pl'OTisi'6il of? afioi'llfimi"Mimb,g1ISh'di!f'- hprn herd at the GovehMfrn't Ei/peuherit' EaiWjiiiioyfdp'iice/- tlfe'/'Ayfs!li'irfell-fierd,')Uri'(i jli fadr-only " ne'e fled v.a" -T'eVjue3t'-'ffoni,r,th<e ' District Council Executive' to' the prfeserit" Minister- for this/ de'sired"charige ;to be made.' Mr. TliOrby had gone into the ques tion of the conduct of the Experiment Farms and lie ' was substantially ' "cutting down the annual loss without impairing the efficiency aiid in fact, he" was increas ing their utility ' to thA Warmers. So far lis the Daily Supervision Act was con eerned, an ai'raiigenieiit. had been made jvhereby ' the adniiiiistration was to ' brought rindfei' the dairy branch of the A griqpitiua' -Department." There were al-o to Tie additional scientific. -officers for Te- . search work, with 'various branches of 'agriculture,- including diseases in stock and plants, and insect pests. It was ihc (Minister's intention to briiig a measure before Parliament'- to ariurid the' Farm Produce Agents' Act : to farther protect the interests of the producers, and to pie- vent the evasion 'of tlie '-' Act..; by firms . acting as merchants and agents. He had j that day received, correspondence indi cating the necessity for 'soiir? --:"! ' of this kind and. lie would bring it. u.i... :- fchet notice of Mr. Thorby. If, was a'Iso proposed to amend the Slarke ting Act to giye real ' control to the producers There was a proposal also that, there should be an amendment of tlie P.asturcsJ Proreetion Act, 'to iriak'e it compulsory . for a board to subdivide its area into . Ridings like the Shire Councils, so that there would be fair representation, /through out the pasturage area" fori the people who were rated. It was proposed also, Mr. Thorby' told him, to introduce a Bill "to compen sate the farmers who were compelled to destroy their pigs through the recent, out? break of swine fever. Aiiothei; important proposal was the establishment of two agricultural schools, one for the north and one for the .south; not like the ITawkesbury College, where the course took a long time, but where there v?ould be one and two1 year courses in practical -tuition. Proceeding, Mr. Pollack said Dr. Page had told" tlicin -some th'irig' about the neces sity for good roads, and that had already been recognised by the State Government; which had increased the- shire- endowments t'o £100,000. AH of tlie shires would re ceive increased eri'dowmerits without any interference from 'the Local1 Government Department as to how the money was to ie used. Mr. Bruxner; the Minister of the department,- had completely reviewed the questions of road construction and the assistance which could be given to the shires under the Federal scheme and through th& agency of the Main Roads Board. Then there was the Education De partment, which for the first time in the history of the State, was establishing teachers' training colleges in the coun try districts. The State- Government had been able to taekle these jobs because tliev had in the Federal Government "Min isters who could' act in co- operatio i with tlie State Parliament, as they had done in connection with tlie dairy 'industry, and that being so. there "should be s great future for the producing iridustri'S. Dr Page and Messrs. Fratten and Par irson were there to help the fanners, and they were doing great work. .Then he — tliq fourth P. — who was in the State Parlia ment, would help them aTl he could. (Ap plause.) Cr. G. W. Fitzgerald, chairman of the' County Council, moved a vote of thanks 1"tp_ Jhe saki'S,'. j -Ee sgffl ' tjtie'J/a'd'dresg 'giye.n/1jy7jW 'Mejst e 'hiu/lliearff. since (Jie first . tob'k! aff' interest' in public affairs". As " the ftaderi' "of the Federal Country Party, Dr. Page had done much for tlie. primary producers of Australia, and had never lost any op portunity to forward the case for them. What had been" done in this direction had been "mainly through the instrumen tality of the Federal " Treasurer. JTe was glad to -see . that, the leaders of the Na tionalist party and the Country party had i i come 'together to continue the pact that ' was formed prior to the last election. He was sure that everyone realised what, the pact . had achieved,' and that they would be pleased to learn that such pact "was to be renewed, for they were satisfied that the continuation of the present Govern ment would be iri the best, interests of the primary producers. In this respect lie thought that he was expressing the ) feelings of . the primary .producers throughout the Commonwealth. Continuing, Cr. Fitzgerald referred to 'lie pro,'o | Jaekndg- fv , electric under- Iot Uuj ....v, j.uijur Government, when Sir George Fuller, was in power in New South Wales, it had been agreed that they should go ahead 'with the scheme, arid the Federal Government was to' secure cheap money for the jiurposc. After tlie State elections, on the accession' of the Jate Labor Government, no further action was taken in the matter. The Clarence River County Council was at present serving J930 customers, some of whom were as far awav as Maclean, but had they been able to go. ahead with the Jaf-kadgory pro posals they would by this time have been serving the whole of tlie north- eastern portion of -the State. He was hoping that some scheme would soon be adopted that would make this possible/ With Mr. Pollack in the State Assembly and Dr. Page in the Federal House he thought that- the Clare-nee district was now better represented than it liad been for half a century. Referring to the P.P. U., Mr. Fitzgeiald said that when they lost their late president, Mr. MeRac, ;i man of high attainments, they did not think he could be replaced, but/he' was very glad to see that they had a president in the person of Mr. P. Grant who was well able to hold his end- up. . ' > ' Ci/ Amos (Copmanh first Shire Council) ! seconded the motion/ UricP said lie would1 like to convey to the-gathering the gocid wishes of the Tweed-arid "Richmond' P.P.TJ. Councils, whom he "reprieseiitocl, aiid of which lie had been a member/since their inception. He hoped that at 'the next' picnic they would be able to count thou-' sands instead of a few hundred. He I thought it to be their dutv to impress j upon farmers everywhere the need for thein to become members of the union. I J he motion was carried bv acclamation, j In returning thanks, Dr. "Page said he! was especially pleased to see so many j ladies present. He thought it was a I very good idea for them to have a farm- 1 ers' day, as sueh outings would assist the organisation and tend towards unit.v. ! Their object should be tQ go on until they had an Australian-wide organisation, and not until tliev liad achieved this would they be able to secure all that tliev were entitled to. " Mi. F. Earle (District Secretary) said lie would like to thank Messrs. Lipman I Blood, Noel Russell and McKittr'ickg fpi j c On ?""— s towards tlie provision of prizes f.-r the children. He also apologised for the absence . of Air. McPhee, An . T. A. 'Waison and Cr. Thoroid, mentioning that Cr. Amos was representing tlie Cop- in an hurst Shire Council in tlie .absence of the president. 