Copy 'or insertion in the "Labor Call" must reach the office not later than Monday to ensure Insertion in the aproaching Issue. Advertisements will be received up till Tuesday noon for lnser> tion in the current Issue. Nominations for the East Ward (Preston) have' been extended until Friday, 25th May. Members who are desirous of contesting this ward Hi the August municipal elections are requested to send in their nominations on or before the 25tn inst. * * i * * As a result of the carnival recently held in Northcote to Becure funds to assist the unemployed of that city, a profit of about £600 was netted. To further augment the fund, Mrs. Prank Brennan is organising a grand concert, to be held in Northcote Town Hall on Tuesday evening, June 5th. A line programme is • assured. # • • At the fortnightly meeting of the Northcote A.L.P. branch on Tuesday evening last, Com. Watt, who was the branch's delegate to the Easter Conference, moved that the Central Executive be requested to convene a further Conference for King's Birthday week-end, to deal with the items on the Agenda Paper which had not been reached at Easter. He contended there wete important matters on the- Easter agenda paper which justified a further conference' to deal with. After a debate in which several members' argued for and against, the motion was » defeated. : • • * At laBt a promotion has come alon£ to that well known and capable teller at the Melbourne Commonwealth Bank. Mr. Joe Judges. A good Laborite and a straight goer is Joe, and we wish- him every success in his new position, which will be in the Commonwealth Bank at Perth (W.A.). Comrades at the Trades Hall are well acquainted with Mr Judges, and we are sure they alBo send along congratulations and wish him well in whatever sphere he may be called, knowing that he will always do his best for the Movement as opportunities arise. * * • * At a mass meeting of the Timber Workers* Union, held at the Temperance Hall on Sunday last, the following resolution, moved by Com. G. Bods worth, and seconded by Com. P. Eames, was carried unanimously:—"That this meeting of metropolitan members of the A.T.W.U. (Victorian Branch) is resolved to oppose to the utmost the unjust judgment of Judge Lukin in the Arbitration Court as a violation of the 44-hours' standard of the metropiltan branch of the timber industry, and that we will oppose by every means in our power the application for 48 hours in the whole of the Industry. Furthermore, that we pledge ourselves to fight for the 44-hours throughout the country mills and mixed industries, and assist to make the 44-hour week the ruling standard for the industry at present working 48-hours, throughout the Commonwealth of Australia." * * * • "Good Australian": The most sensible statement about the migration problem was made to the conference of the Presbyterian Church Assembly by the Rev. G. Brodie's motion, as follows: — "That in view of the sharp difference* of opinion that exists as to the desirability and value of immigration at the present time, owing to the financial stringency and the widespread unemployment resulting therefrom, this Assembly review its policy in the matter of immigration, and for its future guidance instruct the immigration committee to inquire into and report to ttie Commission vof Assembly on the effect migration has on the question of unemployment as a whole; what effect it has on any particular trade and industry; what facilities (if any) exist for the settlement of migrants on the land with any hope of success; what is the effect economically and socially of' the large influx of Southern Europeans in our midst." * * * * "Silence": It is amusing to read the large number of proteste in the daily papers about the noises in Melbourne streets. The initial cause of complaint, and one with some basis,.was the noisy electric trams, but public indignation, or that sort of indignation which lets off its steam "To the Editor," has now been switched onto the unfortunate news boys. Possibly these objectors would like the lads, after working desperately hard to earn a few shillings for a hard up household to creep around and whisper. "If I want, a paper I'll buy one," writes one objector. Then it's long odds he won't, and will wait for a copy. someone leaves behind in a tram or train. * * * * Unemployment and destitution are largely due to migration. Then read this list of "new Australians," and the British, at this period, are just as unwanted as any of the other 31 races! Here is one month's record (February, 1928):—British, 4148; Danish, 2; Dutch, 5; French, 12; German, 71; Greek, 118; Italian, 380; Maltese, 9; Norwegian, 3; Russian, 48; Swedish, 7; Swiss, 18; U.S. American, 33; Austrian, 15; Belgian, 6; Bulgars, 11; Czecho-Slovaks, 51: Esthonian, 24; Finnish, 24; Hungarians, 3; Jugo-SIavs, 82; Lettish, 1; Lithuanian, 3; Polish, 44; Portuguese, 1; Roumanian, —; Albanian, 102; Spanish, 18, Turkish, —; Cypriotes, —; Others, 1.%Total, 6240. » * • • "Australian": A cable in the "Age" of 10th May, states that the authorities in England concerned, with the emigratio I of boys and youthB from England to Australia are aghast at the behavior and selfihness of Australian Labor in oppos ing further immigration of unwanted boys and youths to Australia, at least for the present. I doubt very much that not alone the English authorities but that the greater number of our own State's parents, particularly the worker parents, are aware that Victoria's Chief Secretary (Mr. Prendergast) was very much perplexed in the early portion, of this year that his department, that supervises and takes care of orphans, and what are termed neglected children, was unable to place .boys this harvest season with farmers, etc., as in the past, as they .had the poor British immigrant hoy engaged to supplant the orphaned Australian. Therefore, I consider that Labor has done the correct thing. Britain should be notified of the cause of Mr. Prendergast's perplexity. 