ORIGIN OF ALE & BEER Curiosities of Fermented Drinks Address to 50,000 League The usual weekly luncheon ol tliej Launceston Fity Thousand League j yesterday was presided over by Mr j A- F. Halter. There was a very good attendance of members and guests, amongst whom were Messrs. R. Mill ray, B. Murray, Marsdon. .1. Metis in. Senior, E. .7. Cast lev. and F«rr (Mi l- j bourne), J The .chairman extended a , hearty | ?welcome to all the guests on behalf j »-i uje League. I Mr Tlios. Hreheney .lien delivered :i i very interesting: addicts --n the J 0,sifies or pie aud beer and oilier - [ inented drinks. Mr Breheiiey, who | was greeted with applause, snid: I We must go back several (housr; ml J vears and gaze into the past in trace, the origin Of our modern ale and beer. The ancient Egyptians (as we leani from the 'Book of the 'Dead,' a (rea lise at, least 5000 years old), under stood the' manufacture of an Int'iv: [ eating liquor from grain. This I i rj u a i' Jhe'y called Hek, which, under ilm slightly modified form, Ilembi, been used iu Egypt to designate bed Until -comparatively modern limes. An ancient Egptian medica! manual, of almost the same date as tlie 'Book of the Dead,' co.ntains frequent men lion of tlie? use of Egyptian beer J:i medicine,, arid at a period about W00 yotrs later the Papyr! afford ecu vim. in# evidence of the existence, even at. tliai early age, of a burning liquor qoestion in Egypt; for it is mwneti that intoxication had become so com mon that in any of tlie beer shops had to -be Suppressed Herodutus, after stating that tlie Egypr'int.q ured wine made from 'narr ley, because (here were no vine-- -in 1he nuiiTtv. mentions that Osiris, .the Egyniian 'Bacchus. first laugh! tue Egyptians how to brew, to compen sate them for the naMrai deilcb'iov of their native land. Wiue was un doubtedly made in Egypt, 2000 or viOtlii years belore his limo, The word 'beer' has been the occa sion of some ineenuitv and not w little divtrsiiv of . opinion among the philologists. Got^ast derived I' a pyris. because lie asserts) beer was first ttufi:' from pears; To.ss:us 'from tlie Latin 'bibere, ' to drink; ttius: Bibere. Blhes rtfld ? (extrlto b) fcier; Somner from (he Hebrew 'Bar,' corn. - Probably the truR -3erivatlc.il is thai 'which eonnecLs 1lie word with the root of the verb, to t-rev.-. tirwv ever tills may be. trie connection ot ihe woixl barley with the word beore \--dcuoting a coarse kind o! barnv is unmistakable. Beer was originally used to denote the bt :iTerage, and .Us' the- plant from wnieh it was brewed. Beere or . bigge Is still to t-a found growing in some parts o,f Scqtlanc; and Ireland, but in 'England it, has giveh place io t:ie more rebnei! i ley. i.e., beer-lac or beer plant). Tlie very' ancient Anglo-Saxon ^ooir. eruitled Beouv.uli, ;; uoem which may he said to be the eftrllest considerable fragment of our language now extant, shows (hat .'tie 'was (lie chief drim; ' amohgst our 'Anglo Saxon ancestor. in the far-oif -days, before they 5'»I seised upon this land of England It contains a roythidogical account 'f ' 1 be rescue bv the hero Beowulf ' of ' his friends from tlie Gre'ndei. a mr.i sler who was constantly slaughtering djd'Carryitig so.tiie of them way. 'i 'R' feast is tliur, desciibetl: 'Tiicti v.'.x; for (he song of the Geats, altogether. a 'btneii 'cleared in ibe beer-hall : liipiv the btfld !;i riiirit we.i lo si) ; Thane ohEorvwl iiis ofTeo. he tli:;t li: | his lit! lid bar-, tnrs tvvifi.-d ?nourrd (lie iiriglir sv.ett liquor.' l':'i lher on, the Danish Diieen c.onie.; in 1.C qrcet the victor:;. ' There ''.'.is l;i»;'h hf -li.jr-oes. the noise, was .aiQt'uiM words ve.re v.lhSorrt^; WepUht.iv/. Erotli^ar'p Queen, forth; mm-! . fill of their laces, ^she, linng r-- mn ' with gold, prect^d the men In tile -ia?l; :and the i'ree-borh lady J'iti «up first to Hie prince of th? r'a6t Duiies; she batle hi in to ho blithe ai 1 lie 'sf-rv.'ee of li°.er dea ? tn his per-oie. Hft. the -Kir?, proud of victory, j' -v fully received the- feast iiad h '11 cup. . . . A word or two now -is to Uio lli-' HiiCtioit bet ween the beverages iiii»vvn .is ale and beer. Going back to tliii luce of the Ccn'jueat. or oarlh i, wn fli.d that bolli words were applied t:i i the saint liquor, ;i fermented drln^ made usually from nr.i't and w;. tci', i without bo])?- The liases called 't I ale, the Anglo-Saxons beer. Late! i i ou the 'word beer dropped aln.^:;! out Mear.Vi'hii!', In f'i(-iiHui.y j and Wit. Netherlands, ihe tip- of hop^ | ji'i brewing had bemi iiscove' en , .Mid ' ln-J.be fifteenth, aud sixteenth f--u j; luries,. tlie. Flemings having inl.-oil-fc .. eil their bier ;r.t-- Pnslaii-r »1j. v.ovn . 'be^r'' came to have ill j;- t-..untrj' j a distinct meaning, viz., hopped ale. The diffe—nci; « ?? ;- ^i.it!y exidain^d by Andrew Boorde in his Dietary, written about, the year 1512 ''Ale' sr.id Andrew, 'is 'made of uidlt and wat- ' 'in! tliev which do. put any other ihynfte to ale than is lehersed, except vest, barms, or gadesgond, doth iTjfyst iral liieyr ale. Ale for an Em; n-.-iiie ntan 's '- ic.tural di-inke. Ale must iiavi- there liroperives: ll minsl i i (' fresflie a':iit f!e.ir«!, il musl nut lm j «.-jiv )'or s'liol.-y, nor It niu^i hsve no welt nor tnj'kV Ale should net lie dronl:° trider V. daves olde. N'ewe ah i= unitnlsoin for all men. And ,'ovre ale aud. deade ah', the which d-dn stand * a lyl:. is good for no man. Barl'. y malt.e makeih belte-- ale then rtrn make or any oilier corne doth: it oof ii i'lgendrfc gnno humoures ; but yr-i i e it in:i!retl- man sti-onge.' ')l here: 'Bere is made of ma'te, of ho]i pe-:. .and vvati'r; -H. Is the natural di'vuko for a Dutch? man, and nown of lale. dayes h is moclie u~ed in Fuc l.'ind: io the ftetryment of -nany Eng l-sslie pec'ile; speciallv; it i;yllelli theiji:tUo wlilr-.h bt troubled with the riclycke, and the stone, and 'he strangiilion : for the drynke is a cold i^rv.'ii-''.: yet it. ^oih make a ram t'-'r- dolli inflate the delv, as it doth appere ';v ihe Dutch' faces br;lyes. If the bere he w-nll fier-ed, and lie fyned, and not. new. it dntli qualyfy heat of the liquer.' The distinction between ale and beer, as described by P-norde, lasted ior hundred- years rr more. /shop- ?'?ft'irie into jreneral use. tliongh mak iiquiirs gener.Vlly wer« iiuv ber-r. the wovd-ale was still retaint-d, and was ?'sei; -vliel lie; t|]e lhiuor, :t was in irmlr-d to designate was hopped or not. At the jiresent 'day bee:- is the i.eneric ^vord,- which includes all ma!' 'iquors; while the word al^ includer ill h tit- the black or brown beers — 'lOt'Ler and stout. It would appear that ale ard beni ?-?-ere different \\\ords signifying the ^r-me liiing. al^ being ill'1 Ra\on '-'ftlu,' and Danish 'ol,'' nrob:»bly con '.iccted witii ihe word oil, and beer tif-i:ig the Saxon 'V°o*_'' In Irelnrid are lo be found v-M'V j early references In ale The Senchus | Moy. . which contains so.nie of llio oldest and most important of the ancicnl laws of Ireland, has the fo»- ; lowing passages in which mentioti of j this drink occur?: 'Wlial is a huiuan banquet? Tlie liann^ei of each oue's feasiin'.r-!ionse o his. chief according to bis due (i.e., ?'.he chief's) to which his (i.e.. the ten nit's) deserts entitle him : .viz..1 a sup ler with ale, a feast without ale. a re:l t by , day. The .feast v.'iLho'.it p'e is divided; it is distributed according to dignity: the feeding of the asser'- ?)ly of the forces of a territory, as- . seinbled for the purpose- of demand ing pi'oof and law. find answering if- illegality. Suppers with ale, feasls without ale, are the fellowship of llie Feini.' . It is difficult to understand lie ideas contained in these old ErSe aws and 'customs, but the main thing i'cr the present purpose is the f'S- lence they give that ale was icno^vli Mil cpmrjonly tised in Ireland .^ufly . as the fiflh cenlurv. Froiu the Bvehoh law tracts i! -lav he gailiered Ibat the privileges of ;ln Irish king 'included the right to liav' iiis ale suippiiod hi in v.-ith foqd; he was .sI'eo to have a brave' ariiiy anil ' 'if uiebj-iaiing ale'linuse. The Irish cJiief is always to have' two casks iii !:uiise. one (f ale, another of tnilU; lie ;.;iould also have lliree sacks— a ',ack- 'Of malt, a sacl; if sail -and a iaek of charcoal. \Vales was aiso to some extent au | lie-producing country, and we liud in ' Ahgln'-Saxon times Welsh ale fr.e- j 'liienlly alluded to as a luxury. When I OfiCa ' renders the lands at Westbnry i a.nd 'Stanhul-y to the chureli of Wor cester, lie accepts at Westbury these 1 seljvices; two tuniie 'full of clear ale, au^ a' cumbe (1G quarts) full of smal 'er ale, aiitl a cumbe of Welsh ale, l/esi^e's other services. There was 3' payment 'to the said church also oat df ^tho lands at Broetlune of three ' Juppe's full of ale, 11 doles firytau nicae- cen'issiae (i.e., casiss of Bri tish ale), and three hogsheads of Welsh ale, quorum unum til melle Jd!co7-''tii.Tn (i.e.. ot which one wan !n be' sweetened with honey). Henry, in, his iVistory of England, in treating i'i' the drinks used in England and Wales ' ?'hiritig five centuries he.fole the Norman conquest, remarks nh I lie rarity of ihe use of ale in Wales 21 that time. ..'Mead,' he says, 'was Still one of. their favorite liquors, md bore a high prlc.a; for a cask of mead, liy the laws oi Wales, was valued at 120 pence, equal iu quan tity oi silver to dUs oi our -present money and in efficacy to 15 pounds. I Hie dimensions of a cask of mead [ must be nine palms in height., and so oar.aeious -as to. serve the King and one of liis counsellors for a bathing tub.'''' By another law its diameter is fixed at IS palms. The Welsh , hai' also two Icinds of ale, called comuidii ale and spi-ed ale, aiid their value was thus ascertained by law:- - 'Ii a farmer hath no mead (to pay part of bis rent) _ he shall pay two cashs of spiced ale, or lour casks -1 common ale'., for one cask of mead.' Bv ti e same law, a cask of spiced ale, nine palms' in height and 18 palms in diameter, was valued at a sum equal in efficacy to £7 10s of our pre sent money; and a cask oT common ale, of the same dimensions, at a sum equal to £?, ir-s. This is suffi cient proof that even common ale al this period was an article of luxury among the Welsh which could only be obtained by ihe great and opu lent. Wine seems lo have been q.iite unknown even to the Kings of Wales at this period, as it is not much as ouee mentioned in their laws; though Giraldus Oambrensis, who flourished about a century after the Conquest, acquaints us that there, was a vineyard in his time, at Maen arper, near Pembroke, iu South Wales. HOPS IN BEER The hops used in beer brewing are J I iie female flower of the hop plant known as the 'htimulus lupulus of Linnaeus' At first sight it. may ' seem strange that hops and wolves ' should have anything in common, but it has been explained that the word ?'111 ];ii 1 us' ci mes from the rinme by which the Romans called the hop plant 'lupus salicitartum.' (he idea being that the hop was as destructive ? irn^otig the willow (where It crew). 1 as'-' a wolf among sheep. Though hops are not staple articles of com mer'ce. and largely cultivated in Eng j land. America. Belgium, France and | Australia, some few hundred years I ago their valuable qualities were lit - | tie known in England. How. when ] and where the flowers of the hop j plan! were first used to give ln-ei flavor and l;eepi;i(= qualities is no! initially known. ? Pliny, in Ills Na tural History, states that the Ger ' mans preserved ale with hops, and 'There is a Rebbinlcal tradition refer l ring to still earlier times to the ei Ifect that tlie Jew's during their cap tivity in Babylon found use of hopped ale a protection, 'against thbir old enemy leprosy. In a letter of donations, the great King Pepin used the word 'Ilumu- loria,' meaning hop gardens. Mesne, an Arabian physician, who wrote about the year S4f-, also mentions hops; and Basil Valentine, ain al chemist of the 1-lth century, specifi cally refers to the use of hops in beer. Dr. Thudiclmm, in his pam phlet, 'Alcoholic Drinks,' i ells us I hat in the early days of beer pro .'bil lion wild hops only were used, as is practically the- ne-lhorl of the pre 1 sen I day in Styiia, bill thai in some j foreign countries the plant had been j largely cultivated for nearly 1000 years. The inlroduclion of heps into Eng land has been generally assigned to the early part of Ihe KJtb century, in that curious old work, the 'Promp- torium Parvulorus (1440)' which is ill fact an old English-Latin diction ary, occur some passages which, when taken iu conjunction with the l^on dou records of a slightly later datfi, seem to sliov/ that the introduction \- f hops into English brewing (ex cepting their possible use in Saxon times), should be assigned ta a. per iod a liLtle before the niie.dl? of the 15th century. The word 'hoppe' is defined as 'sede for beyre.' 'Bere' is defied as 'a drynke.' The inference to be drawn from these passages is that hops and beer, in the sense of bopped ale. were known iu England some time previous to the year 1440. Four years after the date of the publica tion of the Piomp'OriuT j were ap | pointed inspectors io' surveyors, of ihe 'here bruers' of the Citv of Lon don. as distinguished from the ale brewers who were at this time a com pany governed by a master aud war dens. Ten years later an ordinance for the government of the beer brew ers was sanctioned by the Lord Mayor. From this date the City Re cords contain frequent mention of the beer brewers as distinct from the ale brewers. However, beer, 'the sou of ale,' as an old writer cails it, did not rapidly attain popularity. Ten years aftre the date last re ferred to, the beer brewers petitioned the Lord Mayor and 'Worshipful sov raignes, the Aldermen' of the City of London in these terms; 'To the full honorable Lord the Mairs, etc.. Shewen mekelv unto you re good Lord shipp maistershippes, the goode l'olke of this famous citie the which usen Bere- bruvng within the same, that where all mistieries and craftys of tlie citiee have rules and orden ance bjv 'youfe grete - auctoritees'for the common wele of this honorable, citee triad e. and profits of the 'same craftvs.' but tlie' petitioners - have none such rules, and therefore the citizens are liable to be imposed upon 'in iiie-iisi! re of bare 11 , kilderkvns and i firkyns, and in hoppes and other {rrevnes Uie which to the said mistiere apperteynon .... It is surniysel upon them that often tymes they make their .bere of unseasonable maft the which is of little prise and un holRome for mannes bodv for their singular availe, forasmuch as the coiron peple for lacke of experience cannot know the perfitn esse of bere as wele as tiie ale.' the petitioners prav that certain ' regulations of the trade may be established by authority. ' Passing, -ov-jr another period ,q£ ,20 years, .^luring -which the. City Records contain nothing to show whether, hops ana beer advanced or declined in popularity, we lind that in the urst year ol itichard III., a petition was presented to Lord Mayor Billesdon, by tlie Brewers' Company, showing 'that whereas by the sotill and crafty means of foreyns uweiling witnoute the franchises a deceivable and un holsome Tet2 in bruyng of ale within the said citee nowe late is founde and pract-.ced, that is to say, in occupying and puttying of hoppes and other things in the said ale, contrary to the good and holesome manner of bruyn^e C-f ale of old tyme 'used, ... to the great deceite and hurt of the King's liege people . ... Please it there fore your said good lordshyppe to forbid the putting into ale of any hops, herbs, or any other like^thlng, but otiely licour, malte and yeste.' The petition is granted and a penalty of Cs 8a is laid on every barrel or ale so brewed contrary to the anciejit use. This early use of the technical term 'licour,' or liquor, instead of water is noteworthy. We learn by a note in the letter- book that the line of putting bops into ale was shortly afterwards reduced to 3s 4d the bar rel, while any other kind of adultera tion is still to subject the offenuer to the full tine of 6s Sd. It 'will havfc been observed that it is not the mak ing of Deer winch is forbidden, but the putting of hops into ale, and sell ing tire drink as ale. There is abun dant qvidehce to show that beer con tinued to be made and sold with the sanction of the authorities, and that the beer-breweis, many 'of whdrfi at this time, were D&tchmen;, practised a separate craTt from that of the ale brewel's. Two years after the date ol tlie last petition a regulation was made that no oeer-brcwer is to be 'af- fered' (fined) more than 6s 8d, nor an ale- brewer more thab two shillings for breaking the assize. Tlie oath of the ale- searchers contains the follow ing passage; 'Ye shall swear . . to search and assay . . that the ale be nolRom. weel soden and able for manne's body, and made with none other stuff but only with holsom and clere ale-yest, watvr and malt, and such as -'ou find /unholsom for mamie's body or brewed with any other thing e;rcept with watyr and malt, be it with rosen, hoppes, bere yest, or any other craft, . . ?' you shall report for punishment. Tn the same year it is recorded that the Leer- brewers were ordered to use 'gode dene, sweete, holsom gryene and hoppes,' and the rulers of the beer-brewers are to have powers ol inspection of hops and other grains. Prosecutions for the use of hops were frequent, but they were for. put ting hops into ate, and not for brew in'; beer. In the twelfth year of Heurv VII., John Barowe was pre sented by the wardens of the brew ers because he brewed ale with beer -,east, 'quod est corpori humano in r.alubre.' Nine year later Robert Dods worth, brewer's servant, con fessed that he had brewed 'a burthen of ale in the house of his master in Fleet-street with hops, contrary to the laws and laudable acts and cus toms of the city. In the tenth vear I of Henry VIII., William Shepherd. I brewer's servant to Phillip Cooper. { -:cecujJyuig the feat of braing.i: made a deposition that he had 'once since Michaelmas last brewed ale with hops, but that his master knew not of it,' but that he had heard that other servantsjiad brewed with hops, 'and that was the cause why he brewed with hoppes, and more he would not say.' Phillip Cooper, however, was evidently suspected, for in the same records we find that he was com pelled to bring into the Couit 'a standing cup with a cover- of gylt with three red hearts in the bottom oi the cup to stand to' the order of tlie Court touching tlie brewing with hoppes.' On payment of a line of five shillings, his gage is ordered to be returned to him. Many other pas sages could be quoted from the City Records in support of the view that beer-brewing was not forbidden, but only tlie adulteration, as it was con sidered, of the old English ale, with ar. admixture of liops We have, dealt somewhat fully upon this part of the subject, as there ap pears to be an almost universal mis conception, as to the date of the intro duction of hops into England, and as to their u£e having been for some time altogether prohibited by the law of the land. The only authority for this last mentioned idea, seems : to be the statement of Fuller, in his 'JWorthies of England, 'that hops were forbidden as the result of a pe tition which was presented in the' tiine of Henry VI. against 'Ihe wicked weed called hops.' No statute to this effect is in existenec, no re cord .is' to be found in the rolls of Parliament of any such petition, and the statement is in opposition to the evidence we have been able to col lect on the subject. About the year 1524 a large number of Flemish, immigrants settled in Kent, cultivated hops and brewed beer, and soon caused that county to bec6me famous for its hop gardens ind the excellence of their produce, fo these strangers is perhaps due the chief credit of having enlightened the British mind on the .subject of bitter beer, and their advent is pro bably the event pointed to in the old Couplet: Hops, Reformation, bays and beer Came into England all in one year. (A further section of the address will be published in to-morrow's is sue.) 