Migration Prpblenis Claims of Nordic Races . — ,1 - - ' The desirability of : Introducing. Germans,. Norwegians, Swedes, ! and other peoples, of the Nordic race/Into Australia, for the purpose of . develop- ing the country wtm emphasised by. Major-General R. Spencer Browne In" a- lecture om "The Foreign Element in Australia," ' at the Brisbane Women's Club last night. ' ; -He said that everybody was aware of the discussions-- which were taking place in .various', parts of Australia as to whether , thb future, migration .ipf tl|e country .wqa to bo polygenetlo or- whether It was . to be of ., people mainly of British derivation. Tho aim In Australia was- not -that, population Should build up;' .entirely' ..from the' British Isles but for the maintenance of the Brltlah .blood" preponderance. In that|:'wns, ( Involved: mot -hnly a national ' but ah;; economical problem. - Tho establishment' In- Australia1 -of people of the Nordic races did not Involve . any doparture .. from the British blood sentiment -The British Isles from - the early .times were ' In-' yaded by. the wild virile people from across the North Sea, and .it was' these' Invasions that ' made the - British a great race. From his point "of view the talk of race purity by the British was either affectation . or pettiness.- ' They might view the Nordlo. races and find that the northern Italians, and soms of tho Spaniards, Greeks, and many of the Balkan peoples did not show- any im portant physiological change. The . Medltorranean' peoplos wero' European' politically, but racially they were different. Racially tho Nordic races should be welcomed, and especially the Scandinavian and German peoples. Politically the question of asslmllor tlon had to be considered. People who settled in Australia with the deter mination of retaining their original nationality were not desirable. From .the Scandinavians there was nothing to be feared. They did not come in largo numbers and they became Australians, and their children, and their children's ' children were' out and out Britishers. At the present tlmo there wore ap proximately 4,074 Danes, ' Norwegians, and Swedes In Australia, but ho wished that lit were expanded to many thou sands. There was no fear of the ques tion of absorption by the Scandi navians. The number of unemployed amongst their numbers could be counted on one's fingers. They went on to tho land and worked It with a sturdy Independence. Generally they were people with a decent education, especially the Danes, and It had been well observed that every Danish woman was a lady and every Danish man a gentleman. The Germans who came to Australia generally became British in a genera tion or two. He advocate.d the re sumption of migration from Germany, for there wero no better settlers In Australia than the Germans. At tho end of last year there were about 4,800 Germans In Australia. It was a small figure, and he would like to see many more than that number settled here. Thoso who knew the history of tho Lockyer, tho Logan, and other dls-. trlets realised what German settlors had done and what they had been. The greatest movement .of popu lation In Australia since the Chinese invasion of the gold periods had been that of the Italians. In the census of 1021 It was shown tlmt the Italians In Australia who wero born in Italy and not In Australia were 4,903. At the end of last year the figure was 28,023. Probably tho greater propor tion- of those people camo to Queens-- land and engnged In tho sugar in dustry. It had boon said that tho sugar Industry was passing Into the hands of tho Italians. If so, it was because of their industry In tackling the problems of ngriculturo. Sp far the extent as to how much they would assimilate and merge Into tho popu lation could not be Judged. Thers could ba no objection to tho coming in of the northern Itnllans and especi ally tho Lombardlnns, but It was un disputed thnt many of the southern Italians who come to tho country were different In their racial origin. So far tho danger of the establishment of Italian colonics in tho country had not been realised. The speaker also mentioned tho Russians, Czcchoslovakinns, and Yugo Slavs as desirable Immigrants. A vote of thanks to the lecturer wns proposed by Mrs. McFurlnno and carried .by acclamation. 