BIG JOB FOR NEW CUSTOMS MINISTER Preference Issues Vital ONE-SIDED BARGAIN WITH BRITAIN NEEDS ADJUSTING In the series of articles in The Herald just completed by a special correspondent, emphasis was laid on the generous tariff preferences extended by Aus- tralia to England, and alter reviewing the condition of some of our primary IndUHtrlos, tlio writer argued that Great Britain would ulti mately bo the gainer If she taxed foreign foodstuffs which are seriously competing with Dominion produce on the British market, the !>est in the world. While the articles wore appearing Lord Mclohett (Sir Alfred Mond), the commercial leader of Great Britain, proposed that business men of the Umpire should meet In London to discuss reciprocal trade relations. The Commonwealth Government, which ,hii« made even endeavor to obtain greater preference for Australian pro ducts on the British markot, appar ently bellcvcB thnt nothing more can be done for the present, it welcomes Lord Mclchett'n suggestion, and will take tho keenest interest in the con ference dlFCU8flfons. GRAPE GROWERS IUCLITI) The perferonce granted by Britain 9 to Australian dried fruits and wine B Iiar given a great stimulus to these U Industries. Itopntrlated Holdlera in 9 Murray Valley, who had despaired of H making a success of their blocks, re- I now«d their exertions when assured R ol a good market. 9 In tho Goulburn Valley there are - 9 otlior returned soldiers, as well as R British immigrants, who grow 1 peaches, apricots and pears for the 9 canneries,- but unfortunately all canned fruit Is admitted free to Great d Britain, and tho Australian product 9 meets the intense competition of the 9 Californlans. 9 Tho price obtained for Australian 9 butter and cheese on the British 9 market is not sufficient to enable the I dairy fanners to extend their opern- Ej lions. There is scope for grant ini- a provoment, for at present there is no R continuity of supply of otir butter to 9 London, and It is actually off tho mar- 9 ki't altogether for part of the year. M Danish butter, on the other hand, is 9 regularly marketed and It brings up B to threepence a pound more than the — 9 Australian. I DIFFERENCE IN PREFEREN GES fl Whllo our wool and wheat have fl no dilllculty In tlnding buyers abroad, N our meat raises problems of market B ing, because of foreign competition. B in 1027-28 the value of the profor- H cnees granted by Britain to'Australla — that Is, on dried fruito, sugar and fl wine — was nearly £900,000. That ap- pears small besldo the £8;000,000 a year rebated in duty on British manu- factures, and it must bo remembered that tho Commonwealth and tbo Statos have given heavy subsidies on primary B product;;. B But at least Britain has accepted the principle of placing a duty on m foreign foodstuffs, and though public R opinion there is not rlpo for any am- — fl bltlous application of tho idea, there H are signs that tho people are bogln- ning to realise the wisdom of stimu- latlng tho primary industries of tho Dominions which offer so promising a markot for British goods. fl The conferonco proposed by Lord H Molchett will direct a Hood of light fl on tho whole subject of reciprocal H trade within the Empire, without H the niigratlon problem will be diillcult of solution. fl TWO CONFERENCES It Is assumed that' Lord Mclchelt's conference will bo hold boforo the next Imperial Conference. The busi ness men riy glvo a strong lead to the Prime Ministers. The Common wealth Government believes that at tho Imperial Conference oconomic re lations will be the paramount issue ft? r n con3®Huenco the question of British preference to Dominion products will bo carried a stago fur ther. to the advantage of Australia. Meanwhile something may bo done by publicity to increase the demand for Australian products on the British market. The Empire Market ing Board Js spending £1.000,000 an nually to stimulate tho sale of Domi nion produce, and this is supplement ed by fairly heavy expenditure by Australia on her own publicity, which is directed in London by Mr A. E. Hyland. Methods of processing, packing and despatching can be brought to the neajc of elllclcncy. For Instance, Mr O. Mayhew, a Collingwood engineer, has Invented a poar-cutting machine which is olaimed to make considcr- i I able savings in tho factory. NOT A PARTY QUESTION The experience of the sugar Indus try can easily be repeated. By mech anised aids, the white man can cut | and carry 43 tons of cane . in com parison with every ton formerly cut by a kanaka, and by tho systom of nayment by results. Introduced in 1915, it now takes fewer tons of cane to produce a ton of raw sugar In Queensland than it docs in anyothcr nart of tho world. In 10 years the improvement In this regard has emmllcd 25 per cent., and South Africa, Rhodesia and other countries have profited by our experience and guidance In these matters. It is obviously tho duty of the Com monwealth Government, and particu larly of tho New Minister for Cus toms (Mr Gullctt) to keep the pre ference Issue nllvo. It is not a pnrty mattor in Aus tralia. It should not bo In England, though it Is feared by momberrf of the Labor Party thero that it nibbles at tho roots of Free Trade. How ever that may bo. the UrltlBh people should not bo allowed to forgot that the Dominions demand a mOro as sured placo In tho markets of tho United Kingdom. 