MIGRATION PROBLEMS. ! CLAIMS OK NORDIC UACES. I ' The desirability - of 'atroduelng Germans, Norwegians, Swedes, and other peoples of the Nordic race into Australia for the purpose of develop- ing the country was emphasised by Major-General R. Spencer Browne in a lecture on "The . Foreign Element in Australia," - at the Brisbane Women's Club last -week. He said that everybody was aware of the discussions which were taking place in various parts of Australia as to whether the future migration of the country was to be polygenetic or whether-it was to" be o t people mainly, of British derivation. The aim ill Australia was nbt that population should build up entirely from the , British Isles but for the maintenance 1 I of the British blood preponderance. In that was involved' not only a national but an econom'ical problem. The' establishment in Australia of people of the Nordic races did ' not : involve any: departure from ' the British blood sentiment. The British Islio' from the .early ' times were inr vaded by the wild" virile people from' across the North. Sea, and it was -these invasions- that "made the British a I "" great race. ' j I From -his' poinL of view the talk of I race, purity.-' by they British - was either I affectation or "pettiness/ They m'ight I view- the- Nordic' races and find that I the Northern Italians, ;aiid some of The I Spaniards, -Greeks,'- and many of the I Balkan pcopRs 'di not 'Show any im- I ; pori-ant physiological change. -The I Mediterranean- peoples were European I politically, - ' but racially/ they Were I different. . Rac'ially.the: Nordic races I should- be'; welcomed, and especially I the Scandinavian and German -peoples/! I Politically ; the . question of assimila- . I tion : hadto be considered. People,, I who ' settled in' ' Australia : with the I determination of' "retaining their I original nationality were not desir- I able.; From... the, Scandinavians., there I was nothing to be feared. They" did not come; in -.iargqV numbers nd ; they.-- becamej Australians, and their child- " . rcni, and their children's children . were 6ut-'ahdrout Britishers. > At . the '/ present' tiine'./tlher'e V'Wfdre approx"-/ . imatelyr4074/Dan6s, '/Norwegians, knd Swedes in Australia, but he wished that it -were expanded. to many thou- ; sands. There wakj/no' fear of the question. of absorption -by. the' Scaridi- -. navians. .The number .if unemployi | ed . amongst thitir numbers could be i counted; on one's fingers..- .Th'ejr - went on to - the land . atid'.W'orked it. with "a" sturdy" -. 'independence. Generally: they were people/with a decent edu-. cation, .especially , the Danes, and it "had; bebn 'well .observed that' every : Danish' woman- was ;-af lady, "and every- Daiiish-' man -a gentleman. The Germans -who-. qame to Australia generally, became British In a genera tion or.' two. . 'He/advocated the, re sumption of .migration! from Germany, fc-r' there were no: better, settlers;- in ' Australia than the Germans. At the . end of last year there, were about -4800 , ' Germans in Australia, . It was a'small r figure, and he would like to see many more than that 'number:settled here. Those - who knew -the- history of- the . .Lockyer; the' Logan-,.: and' other dis- ' trictsj realised what. German settlers had' doe and what they had been.- . "The greatest ; movement' of :popu- " Tafion',. in Australia smqe.the, Qhinese.' ,' " invasion: of the-gold'erfisfhad -been ' /that oft the'- Italians. "In '"the "census 'of 1921/it was sko'd/kat. the Italians \- :'ln' Australia who' were/born, in Italy . ahd' riiptf" in Austraiit? nh'mlie'red '4903. 'ALthe phd of 'labt yeor-'the/figure was' 28,023'. ;>Probably- thd><greater-'propor- ' "tion - of/these peoplencame- to, Queens land- and engaged in the sugar in- ' Tlustry.S It h.ad . been... said, that the sugar industry was / passing/into the \- hands pf the Italians'. If so, it was because,-, of thbir indk'stry.'in''.tackling the problems of agriculture. :/So -.far the- ext-fnt as to-how much they would assimilsfte and; merge- into -the popu lation could not he- Judged. There could -be no. objection, to ; the coming, in of the- Northern. Italians, and especially! the Lombard'ians,. '.but. it was, undisputed that.. many of the Southern Italians 'who -came'' to . the country were different in' tlieir racial orign. So far the danger of the /es tablishment of Its lian colonies /in the country had nbt been ralised. ,' The speaker also menttoned the Russians, Czech'o-Slovakians, and Yugo-Slavs as - desirable immigrants. — Telegraph.' , 