THE NEW ANTI-CATHOLIC OFFENSIVE. „■ iWe referred last week to the proposal of'the former grand chaplain of- the/Loyal Orange,Institution in Ontario (Canada), that Catholic;; and Protestants hold a joint celebration on July 1, instead of the French Canadians celebrating St, Jean the Baptist Day on June 24. and the Orange Party celebrating July 12. .. As a Catholic journal we do not like to throw cold water on any suggestion that might lead to. Christian unity. But we may point out that the Orangemen would have the better of the deal if July 1 were selected, because that is the. 'date of the Battle of the Boyne, according to- the New Style. . The Gregorian Calendar-had not been adopted by Great Britain;, at the time because .the reforni -whs put forward by a Pope, and British Protestants were content to remain 11 days behind, the rest of the world rather than follow Rome—a course to, which some, of them, are, still, prone. Catholics might suggest May 24 as an appropriate date with better reason; for although it is the Feast of Our Lady Help of Christians, it was Queen Victoria's birthday, ar.d is now observed as Empire Day. But, no doubt, some day in June or July, acceptable to both parties, could be agreed on if the suggestion is adopted in Canada. It is the principle of the thing, and not ihe-day, that really matters. ' - In spite of such evidence of increasing tolerance on the part vF indi viduals, we are not disposed to think that the millennium is at hand-, and that the Orange Wolf and the Catholic "milk-white hind" are likely-to lie down together in peace. 'In fact, a perusal of recent English files indi cates that a new counter-offensiye against the Church and her teaching is developing. It is the penalty she has to pay for success. The "Catholic Times" prefaces an article oh this new offensive, by "A Journa list,,"-.with-the following statement:—"Wherever the troubles and dis couragements of any Protestant bodies are being discussed, occasion is now seized—quite gratuitously—rfor distracted sniping at .the Catholic Faith and Church. This-kind of thing is entirely unprovoked—unless our existence and progress are a provocation." The writer of the article opens by stating that Scottish Presbyterians have paid the English Catholic Truth Society the compliment of imitation by approving of the printing of booklets and their sale. in. Scotland and I^ngland at chnrch/dsors by young men at the entrances; before and after services. . ItJsi. perhaps,. significant that this movement has beer, started in Scotland, where the one-time dominant "Kirk" is now in a state of alarm over the increasing number of -Catholics and the dwindling -roll' of its own adherents. It is interesting to note in this connection that a. press cable message published at the week-end stated that a deputation repre senting the Church of Scotland, the United Free Church of Scotland; a»d the Free Church of Scotland? visited the .Home Secretary (Sir . William Joynson-Hicks) in London to request - the imposition of & quota system on Irish migration to Scotland. The speakers produced statistics showing that the Iriish population of Scotland from 1881 to 1901 increased by. 321 pet cent., compared with an 181 per cent increase of native born Scots.- This figures for the succeeding 20 years were 39 per cent, increase of Irish immigrants, and. 6 per cent, increase of native Scots. Irish people _ were said to comprise 25 per cent, of Glasgow's present population, and it was alleged that they received 70 per cent, of the relief funds. The deputationists were good enough to say that they "had nothing against the Irish race." Seeing that the original 'Irish and Scottish races and languages are practically identical, though there has been a considerable infiltration of Danish and Norman blod in both countries through invasions, they could hardly have said less. If the Irish race are now invading Scotland, they are merely repaying the periodical Scottish invasions of Ireland in the past, and the plantation of Ulster by Lowland Scots, under James I., first King of Scotland and England. The deputation complained that the immigration from across St. George's Channel had increased unemployment among the Scots. They said also that many of the immigrants were undesirables, who would not be admis sible to the United States. But, apparently, they made no admission of what is, no doubt, their chief grievance-—the increased strength given to the Catholic Church in Scotland, through the absence of birth prevention among Irish migrants of the Catholic faith. The Home Secretary, who is a "true-blue Protestant" and a strenuous opponent of Anglo-Catholicism and- the Revived Prayer-Book. was, as might have been expected, sympathetic in his reply. Referring to the suggestion concerning the application of the American quota system, we are told that he pointed out that the system vould be entirely novel as applied to the British Isles. Tie said that negotiations had been proceeding with the Irish Free State for the repatriation of "pauper Irish" from Scotland. In his opinoin a more satisfactory solu tion than the onevsuggejs-ted could be found along those lines. Of Course, any such agreement would have to cut both ways. Much of the "pauper migration, from; North-East. Ulster and Glasgow is due to the practical boycotting of Catholic workers in Belfast by the Orange bigots of Scottish descent. Then the Ftee State is also subject to Scottish invasions; such as that of Donegal by Scottish fishers and lassies early in June, ol: which we 'learn from recent Irish exchanges. ' But, to rfeturn to this new Protestant offensive against Catholicism, It is not ..the Scottish Presbyterians alone who have to be reckoned with. The campaign has been taken up in England by thq Baptists and other sects. The writer of the "Catholic"Times," who has examined some of the booklets circulated, says:—"Moreover, other Protestant societies— with a sudden rush of money from unspecified sympathisers this year—are pouring out new books literally by the score from authors famous and less famous, from Sir W. Joynson-Hicks to Low Church incumbents, pastors, and laymen, theological college .principals to simple enquirers. "Never, I believe; for a quarter of a century has there been such a spurt of activity. And this is the point. It has a virulently anti-Catholic animus, much of it. Even the Anglican chaos is made an excuse to attack "'Roman', doc trine. Any mention of their own plight has" come to seem either the prelude or the coda to a ferocious attack on the Old Church." ; In both Scotland and. Wales, . where the -Catholic Church ras been making, great progress recently, the symptoms are the'sameas in England, The writer says that he is assurid by trustworthy observers that "Scot land is perhaps the weakesjt lijik in the Protestant, chain." Hence, doubt less, those tears about the invasion of the "puaper Irish" which were . shed by the deputation from the. "Kirks" when interviewing the sympa thetic Home Secretary. In Scotland, as in Wales, ""says the "Catholic Tithes" writer, "a totally unworthy and unchristian campaign of attack and defaiAtion has-begun," and in ,it ."for the firsj; time, a semblance of discipline is being lent to the'motley forces. Nor dq funds lack." He adds:—"They §ho\v a mote bigoted .-.spirit against the Church of-God than those do who'have no boasted-Gospel lights." Men of a certain^ learning (narrow learning; but deep) are' lending-their names, respected names in their circles, to base calumny not-the less base because it is not actionable at law, hot definitely naming ■ anybody, but only on a whole communion." ' .' . • No doubt we shall feel the repercussion of this campaign in Australia, shortly. In fact, the. firts shots- have'-already" been fired over the Eucharistic , Congress arid the Procession of the. Blessed Sacrament-in Sydney. During the Congress Week, and after, we may expect further out bursts of .virulence. : Catholics will only have to possess their souls; in .pfetience and~pray for the enlightenment of those who misrepresent and defame them, and for the attainment of that Christian Peace and Unity which the Ghurch has always desired. 