t?S*. IUbIaji $icrac at ' Good Attendance On Saturday last the first picnic under the auspices «£ the Primary Producers' Union; was- hold on the Taree Showground. The District Secretary., (Mr. A. Cameron) had well advertised, .the picnic In the District Press, and the attendance of the general public was very fair. The Federal. Treasurer (D. Earle Page) was the only Federal ? Minister to attend — Messrs Pratten and Pater son being unable to be present. Mrs. Page accompanied the . Doctor. THE DINNER. , The visitors were entertained at dinner on the Taree Show Ground, and Mrs. Redman (who was respon sible for the meal) is to be heartily congratulated on the fine spread pro vided—and the same remarks just as aptly apply to all who assisted her. POLITICAL ADpRESSES. Full justice having been done to the very fine dinner, an adjournment 'was made to the brick hall, where addresses were delivered of a most interesting character to men on ths land in general and' to dairymen in particular. Mr. F. Redman (in the absence of the President of the Central North Coast District Council of the P.P.U.) presided at the afternoon gathering, having with him the Mayor of Taree (Aid. W. Wrigley), the Federal Treas urer (Dr. Earle Page), the Member for Oxley (Mr. L. O. Martin), Mr. P. Grant (President of the P.P.U. move ment in N.S.W. ), Councillor A. Wh.t son, Mr. A. McM. Singleton, Mr. M. P. Dunlop (General Secretary), and In opening the proceedings Mi Redman said it was 'really the in auguration of the P.P. Union Day in this district. He was pleased to see present the Federal Treasurer (Dr. Earle Page), the Member for Oxley (Mr. L. 0. Martin), Mr. P. Grant (President of the whole movement), and the General Secretary (Mr. M. P. Dunlop). He was sorry the District President was not present, and in his absence he (as Vice-President) was presiding. He would now call upon the Mayor of Taree (Aid. W. Wrigley) to extend a, welcome to the visitors. The-Mayor of Taree, in.a very happy little speech, extended a Very cordial welcome to the Federal Treasurer, the District Member, Mr. Grant and Mr. Dunlop. Mr. Martin was well known, he said, to them all. To Mr. Martin they looked to do much for them and the electorate generally in the future. This was the. first district 'P.P. Union Day.'. It meant much for the farmers and producers. They were really all producers — or consum ers. He considered the idea of setting apart a_day as P.E. Union Day a good one — a step in the right direction. It should be instrumental in bringing togetner representatives oi me muus try in all parts of the district. He -ex- tended to ail the visitoi#, as Mayor of Tarde, a very cordial welcome that day. -.. ;??-'?; ? '-'??-; FEDERAL TREASURER'S ADDRESS.' The Chairman then called on the Federal Treasurer, to address- the gathering. . Dr. Page, who had a most cordial welcome, first of all expressed his re gret at the fact that his colleagues (Messrs: Pratten and Paterson) wore unable' to be present that day. He thanked the Mayor of Taree for his kind words of welcome. This picnic, he said, was really the ouUome of a visit paid to Canberra by Messrs. P. Grant and Gordon. Passing on, the Federal, .Treasurer delivered, practi cally speaking, a similar address „ to that made /.by ; him ?' at '.'Byron ' Bay paying, in passing, a compliment to Mr. L. O. Martin, Member for Oxley, who, he said, as State' representative for an important dairying electorate, should be able to render much as sistance to the men on the land. He Bald: The Dairying Industry -is one of the most valuable industries in the whole of the British Empire from the fact that it brings' about an intensive form of settlement, provides unrival led oportunities for home-making, and fnti irAnnlnw fn-mfllAc* intmt-tt £-?? 'what! ? ivi Acc^iiug inuiiuco lugcvuti . ' ut^u the home is made, and .that 'it can help materially the redistribution of the population of the. Empire. As an Australian industry its importance is apparent whether it is judged by iU magnitude, by the character of iu product, by the value of its export, or by its influence on social life. In magnitude it ranks as one of the first Industries in Australia. The dairy farms alone represent a capital of £125,000,000 expended on their devel opment and equipment, with an an nual production of £45,000,000, of which £30,000,000 is for milk prod ucts. The butter and cheese factories represent a capital outlay of £4,250. 000, and- the .annual value of the products of these factories Is, over the last five years, nearly £23,000,000 — the average annual production of butter tor the last five years -being about 120,000 tons, of which two-thirds is consumed locally and one-third ex ported. On the farjrfs no less than ?143,785 people, are directly employed in the dairying industry. In the As sociated Factories an additional 5,826 people are employed. Th'3 'factory side of the industry in itself compares favorably with wan y of the big second ary industries in Australia. The de pendents of this'' huge number em ployed In the dairying Industry ran into 600,000, while, in addition, it is no exaggeration to say that hundreds of towns of- which Lipmore, Casino and Bangalow are types, entirely de pend upon *the :.dalryin|f' industry. Directly1--', and indirectly, at least' 1,000,000 people in Australia, or one sixth of our total population, are de- . pendent upon the dairying industry. The product of the industry is carried to so finished a state, locally us to be able to be immediately consumed or exported in a state fit for immediate' consumption. Two-thirds of our product is . consumed , in Australia. One-third 'of our total production is exported in its final 'stage ready for consumption, and is successfully, com peting wifh the rest- of the world in quality and price. In the 1927 London Dairy Show Australian butter secured first and third prizes and- tied tor the Second -prize with a Canadian' factory. In the unsalted division Australia won . the flftt, Jecond and third prizes against', bath New Zealand and Canadian cojnpetiuon. -.JThlS big ex porting industry helps, 'to pay for our development, bringing back*«iauy mil lions of fresh* capital annually to enable us to carry it on. The manner in which the dairying industry is. car ried on' makes it of great value to our national life. It is the Industry '-par .'excellence' that keeps families to gether till the children— both boys and girls— have grown to adult life. It seems to be . the only industry In Australia that encourages the growth of big families. It permits advanced parental control and long family as sociation. It enables girls, especially to remain at home and profitably fill in their time in a producing industry. 'As the industry is carried on in small areas a moderate capital enables many to become freeholders. This brings about intensive settlement and enables a number of conveniences such as telephones to be installed at a reason able cost, and it also permits o£ a fair amount of social llfe- 't is especially adapted for opening up new country'' in pioneering districts by reason of such a valuable amount of pioduct being condensed in a small, easily handled bulk. It is almost the only land industry that gives montbly'regu lar returns, -and approximates farm' conditions to the regular wasves and salary of city employment. The dairy Ing industry is of importance to national life also because its success ful prosecution depeuds upon the practical enthusiastic cb-op'3rati(ir. of the dairy farmers and of the dairying communities. Australian dairying pro vides probably the highest example of co-operation in the world. In the Pater son Scheme for the provision of a bounty on export by means of u vol untary levy, 100 per cent, co-operation has 'been secure:!. This co-operation in .the dairying industry has Iieen at tained practically without Government, assistance and has enabled tremendous results to be achieved with minimum investment of individual capital. The Co-operative Factories possess prob ably the finest butter factories in tha world, built out of their own resour ces and constantly kept up-to-date. Many factories costing up to £60,000 have been built by Cooperative Com panies which have only a very small share capital. Byron Bay Coopsr ative has -a turnover of several mil lions, ivun an lDsignincaui capuai in a few thousands. An industry of such magnitude, of such social vaiue, al most unique in being able to compete on level terms, with the finished prod uct of other countries, and which has striven so much to help itself and put itself into its present position is en titled to ths support of the Govern ment of Australia to assist its progress. The industry does request that Gov ernmental assistance sball be given in such ways as will stimulate its progress and development, by cutting down its cost of production and as sure sufficient profits to enable ob solete methods, out- of-date buildings and inferior stock to be scrapped, thereby creating a beneficial circle' of increasing output and continually im proving living condiions of those en gaged in an industry of such vital importance. The Bruce-Page Government, 'said Dr. Page,, has recognised these claims and has, in consultation with the in dustry, proceeded along ; the lines of a definite plan to increase the national value of the industry by ensuring the greatest possible return to those en gaged in -it, and by stimulating the greatest possible production. The nature of the steps taken are those deemed necessary from a ? consider ation of (lie problems facing tfie in dustry. The supply of dairy products, like land production generally, tends to be seasonable. The consumption of these products, however, is con tinuous. Methods of covering the lean period cf the year are necessary there ?tore both in. 'the interest of the-con-J sunier and the producer. If no steps are taken the producer loses by the glut of the product in the flush' season through the low prices that are then ruaiiseu, auu me great wastage inai takes place, while the consumer loses by the great scarcity and -high prices ? in the lean period. To spread, the surplus of the flush period over the shortage of- the lean period requires organisation and finance. As this action benefits both the producer and consumer it is reasonable that the producer should be aided to perfect that organisation and machinery pro vided for financing the regular and orderly marketing of his produce. The arrangement of organisation and fin ance for orderly marketing of our butter production is complicated -by the fact that one-third of our output is sold in the export market, and the questions of home and export com merce and trade are dealt with by two different- governments. The es sentials to a satisfactory solution .of the marketing, problem in the dairy ing industry on. which continuaus pro duction depends are: . 1. Ability to spread the sale of our butter . over the whole of the year.' 2\. Means of lifting off the local mar' ket the 'weight of the export surplus to enable an Australian parity to be ofctainedtor local sales and to prevent a depressed market when the flush season is on. \- 3. A high uniform standard of qual ity to command the best price. A. Maximum production from the cow and minimum costs of production generally,: The second essential in the market ing of AU8traJfan;i-utter is a satisfac tory .meaiis 0? lifting the export sur plus.^ Two. lines of action have ma terially Blasted here— (1) the raising of the duty on foreign butter to 6d. and (2) the Paterson Scheme of a bounty, on export. The Paterson Scheme is enabled to 'operate by reason of the existence 'of the Tariff protection on butter and. the' natural protection of her markets .by Aus tralians .remoteness from; other parts of the world. The prj'nc'ipie of the Pateroon Scheme is to levy on the whole of the butter produced in Aus tralia for the purpose of paying a bounty on that portiou exported, thus making It more profitable to export than To -sell in. Austral la. The lifting of the weight-' of the export' surplus off tJie Australian market permits the Australian -. price to advance to the price that butter can be im porled for. It is ihis advance that makes the Scheme of value to the Australian tanner— , {hiring the last puro years this has been worth £4»OODjOpO to him. While the duty', was only: 2d. per lb., New Zea land,- which is only 1,000 mlleB a)vay. fron} Australia, and exports 80 'per cent, of its butter, has been able to come in andVcut Australian prices. Though the amount of imported New Zealand butter was never great, vary ingSrom a few hundred pounds' worth to half .a million in different years, yet the -addition- of even 1 per cent, to the butter consumed in Australia destroyed our balance between export and import quotas. Even if no butter was actually imported the fact that It might so easily be imported caused a feeling of uncertainty and lack of confidence in the market. The effect of tbe.eutrance of New Zealand butter is merely to displace an equal quan tity of Australian butter which had then to be exported, and on which a bounty would be paid. The 6d. duty it not too high. There is not much likelihood of the duty being used in an extortionate manner, as those who con trol the butter- industry in Australia are quite cognisant o£ tbe fact that price ? above a certain definite rate limits consumption and consequently brings little value to the industry. All wcgVwlshers of the dairying industry must be gratified in getting It so readily through Parliament. The third essential to successful marketing of Australian butter is. that it would be of the highest quality and uniform standard. This is secured by grading it under the Commerce Act, a special Brand, the 'Kangaroo Brand' being imposed upon the choicest Australian butter. This has now bsen in existence for 3* years, Mid has already substantially improv ed the returns of the industry. Be fore the grading and standardising, it was the custom of Australian but ter to sell generally from 10s or more less than New Zealand. The average for 1926-27 for the whole -year was: Australia 160-f-, New Zealand 161J/-, Danish 176/-; and on 16th. December last New Zealand butter sold and 'Kangaroo' butter sold were quoted in the London market at the same price. 'This fine product- 1 have al ready mentioned has continually im proved in its quality. This improve ment is largely rendered possible by tbe high standards of |the butter fac tories in Australia, which are models of cleanliness and efficient working. Each season shows a higher standard being reached. In 1925-26, 68 per cent, of our butter was choicest. In 1926-27 05 per cent, of the butter exported was graded 'choicest,' and 18 per cent first quality. ? The-presentCpmhionwealth Govern ment has made substantial improve ments in this direction as in all the others named. It first attacked the question of transport, which is one of the major factors in the total cost of production. The Federal Government has brought into being the Federal Aid Roads Scheme' which provides -tefin:te. Federal assistance, supple- ' rmelited by State assistance, for the building of arterial and developmen tal roads to the extent of some £3,500,000 a year for the next ten years. This Sctibn in providing good roads will help to shorten the time that the cream is. .in transit and main tain its quality. Proper refrigerating 'cars on our railways and the instal lation of motor trains can also lessen the time of exposure both of cream and butter en route. to market. The Government is also attempting to cut the costs of production . by relief of taxation in every possible way where it touches the dairy farm. For in .stance, the Inspection charges in con nection with grading have been, this year, abolished, which will give the dairying industry a considerable an nuai saving. Land taxation this year has bsen reduced by 10 per cent., and many anomalies in its collection and incidence have, a_lso been . removed. Income taxation -has this year been reduced by '10 . per csnt, and making a reduction of 40 per cent during the Jife of the present Government. Three years ago the income exemption was raised, to £300 per year which, added to the liberalised deduction of £50 for each child,- has plijceo1 many farm ers outside the range of Federal In come Tax. Though, with the better price I hope dairy farmers will get through the substantial assistance the Commonwealth Government has given in many ^directions- to the industry, their returns may yet he largely in creased. Other concessions given in my last budget will still probably keep the dairy farmer out . of Federate. In- come Taxation. For instance, deduc tions have been- -allowed from income of sums.*spent in -the eradicating of pests, in getting land ready for the plough, in draining land, in destroying scrub, ring-barking timber, suckering, etc., losses on past years are able to bo deducted from future profits and substantial depresiation is permitted on improvements. In addition we^jnust seek to Improve the output of butler per cow as 'we have the same over head costs for the poor cow as for the good cow. Any increased return is a straight-out gain. To eet anywhere in this connection it is no use trying to act blindly— we must know exactly wliat our cows are doing, and the only thing that ran tell us 13 cow testing. The Commonwealth Government is willing to'give'Gbvernment aid for the creation of Herd Testing Societies and to offer subsidy pi 376 per cow up to first? 400'tows,jand,-another 1/- per cow up. to lflOo. cows. The State Gov ernments are -willing to give an equivalent amount The dairying in dustry is, I have said, entitled to sym pathetic consideration from the Com monwealth Government and of the Governmens of the Empire, because of its .importanceas1 an intensive form of agriculture; . because of its. great national advantages, because it can help the redistribution of the popu lation of the Empire; because it gives essentially a safe living to immigrants and those undertaking it. Our meth ods must ensure the maximum output; the highest. quality; continuous supply with the least working costs and the best methods of distrlbuion and mar keting. The Australian Government has given the dairy farmers the ma chinery and the opportunity to suc ceed. It has protected the home mar Uet; has given very satisfactory means of maintaining their place in the Lon Bon market; and has assisted in ob taining preference in /dominion mar kets. Now what la -necessary Is a complete 100 per cent, cooper ption of all the individual units of the industry to commaud success In all' tho essential points that I have men tioned. STATE CHIEF SECRETARY. . During tbe delivery' of the address by Dr. Page, the Hon. A. Brunthell (Chief Secretary in the N.S.W. State Ministry) arrived, and took a seat alongside Mr. L. O. Martin. The Chairman suitably welcomed Mr. Bruntnell. Mr. Bruntnell acknowledged the welcome, and said that on a previous occasion when he had visited Taree , he was interested In their 'Primest ! Product' — their children — as Minister 1 for Educaton. On 'this occasion he had come along as Chief Secretary, to see what could be done in the interests ol their fisheries. ' It was pleasing to him to be present that day, and lie was in full accord with the Federal Government in all it had done and was doing for the primary producers. He recognised the wisdom of the State and Federal Governments work ing in one solid, harmonious manner. As far as N.S.W. is concerned, he could assure them that the Cabinet was working well together. There had been no hitch, and every member of the Cabinet was desirous of doing his best for the whole of the people of N.S.W. He recognised the efficacy of co-operation in all matters for the pood of the p;ople. He congratulated Dr. Page on what the Federal Govern ment had done for the producers. He desired to see all working together to make Australia the country it ought to be, and the country it can be. OTHER SPEAKERS. Mr. P. Grant said that the gather ing that day, and others held along tho Coast, had been the outcome of a visit paid to Canberra by Mr. Gordon and liimself. They bad in vited Mr. Pratten, Mr. Paterson and Dr. Page to come along, and assured them that they would receive a right royal reception. Dr. Page had found both Mr. Pratten and Mr. Paterson exceedingly helpful in his efforts to place the primary producers on a better footing. He desired to impress upon the dairymen the need for or ganisation. About four years ago he had attended a meeting in Melbourne in connection 'with the scheme pro posed by the late Mr. McCrae, by which they wanted to obtain Inter state control over the butter market, but owing to a certain provision in the Constitution Act it could not be granted. Mr. Paterson then put his scheme before them, saying: 'This is my scheme; I will leave it to you.' Mr. Paterson had provided the brain wave, and the dairying industry had carried his proposals into effect. That Rliowed the benefits, of strong organis ation. He thought -tbe dairy industry had been the one great' factor in get ting this import duty,. but that factor would be of little use to them unless they took measures to reap the full tsnefit. They had been able to re arrange the Paterson Scheme so that they paid a bounty of 4d. instead of 3d., and further than that they would have to make an Interstate agreement and get more organisaion between the different States. Efforts iu that di rection were already being made. The Faterson Scheme had given them 3d. per lb. more for their butter sold within the Commonwealth. To get that 3d. they have to deduct Id. on the butter for tbe export bounty, which left them 2d'. per lb. clear profit on every pound of butter produced in Australia to-day. If they took tbe average price of 1/4 per lb. — that was 16 pence — they could say that 2d. of that bad been brought through tbe Paterson Scheme — one-eighth of the whole amount — and that one-eighth would give them about 12£ per cent or 2/6 cf every £1 butter cheque which they received, from the Paterson Scheme. He thought that eventually they would be getting 3/6 of every £1 cheque, and with further organ isation in the Various States they hoped to bring it up to 4/- out of every £1 coming from that scheme. They would, therefore, see. the great value of organisation, and he hoped that everyone would do his best to further the interests of the P.P. Union in thi3 State. He called for three cheers for Dr. Page and Messrs.* Prat ten and Paterson. They were enthusiastically given. Proceeding, Mr. Grant pointed out how essential it is for all Primary Producers to join tbe P.P. Union. It was unfair for men to reap the. bene fits, and let others pay to secure them. He trusted that all primary producers in this district would join their Union. ? Mr. L. 0. Martin, M.L.A., said he was delighted to be present that day. He had listened with interest to the address delivered by Dr. Page; and /appreciated what .the Federal Govern ment was doing on behalf of the pro ducers. At the same time he would say: 'Never put your faith in poli ticians.' They must look to them selves. The producers had been for years waiting for justice, and they were now getting some of it: They had not got it till now. Proceeding, Mr. Martin went on to say that the primary producers of Ausralia are just as much entitled to fair conditions and fair return for their labor as are those people engaged in other indus tries. He had nothing against Unions. He believed in them. That was why all Primary Producers should join their own P.P. Union. The dairymen were entitled to a return for their produce that would enable them to live under decent conditions, and pay the members of their own families for services rendered. When that could be done they would retain on the land young men who under different conditions were desirous of getting off to the cities. The duty on im ported New Zealand butter had been carried In the House of Represent -atives by' 55 to 8 . votes; and that 'showed that tbe majority of Members had recognised that the dairy farmers were entitled to consideration. They would need to stand solidly together, and join the P. P. Union. Mr. Dunlop, General Secretary, also spoke briefly. He was pleased to see Er. Page present— and alsb Mr. Brunt nell. To Mr. L. O. Martin, be pointed out,' the dairymen owed much. At the enquiry on rural., conditions held at Kempsey, Mr. Martin had rendered most effective and valuable help. Pas sing on, the speaker said ? that the time had arrived also when some ar rangement should be made to induce other States to stop raiding the NSW Butter Market. Mr. Albert Whatson said tho desire of .most dairymen was to see the duly en New Zealand Butter coming to N.S.W. operative at once, instead of waiting for six months. He moved: 'That this gathering express its satis. faction with the 'increased: duty on butter and cheese imported Into the Commonwealth — and also its appreci ation of the action of the Federal Gov ernment in this direction. .Also that this gathering further expresses its desire that a Federal Minister Jour ney to New Zealand 'to negotiate for a general consideration of the Treaty, and for the Government to negotiate for the duty to operate before the expiration of six months' notice.' Mr W^iatson pointed out that the dairy men of New Zealand reaped no bene fit from tbe exporting of butter to Australia— it was the speculators who did this. Mr. A. Cameron (Wingham) sec onded the motion, and said he agreed with the remarks made by Mr. What son. It -was not the dairymen in New Zealand who reaped the benefit of ex porting butter to N.S.W. — it was the speculators in New Zealand or in Aus tralia who got the benefit. The motion was unanimously agreed to. VOTE OF THANKS. Mr. A. McM. Singleton moved a hearty vote of thanks to the Federal Treasurer (Dr. Earle Page), Hon A. Bruntnell -(Chief Secretary), Mr. L. O. Martin, M.L.A., Mr. P. Grant, the General Secretary, and all other visit ors who had attended that day's func tion. He said that unless dairymen could get a fair price for their butter, they could not properly assist second ary industries. Mr. H. Paterson seconded the mo tion, and said he had .listened with interest to the remarks of Dr. Page. He was not aware previously of the fact that deductions as mentioned by Dr. Page could be made for fencing, clearing, etc., when rendering In come Tax Returns. Tbe motion was carried by hearty acclamation, and was duly responded to by Dr. Page. Mr. Grant moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman for presiding. Mr. Martin seconded the* motion, which was carried by' acclamation. Mr. Redman suitably responded. This concluded the speechifying portion of the programme. A group photograph was afterwards taken at the grandstand, and what the assembled multitude did after, we know not, as we left for home. 