EAGER MIGRANTS. Mr. Charles Whiting, who is at present in England, in a recent letter to Mr. J. A. Sando, eaj'B, in relation to immigration, "The section who were very enthusiastic for securing a fine flow of migrants to Australia will no doubt realize that the problem of the settlement of Australia by members of the British race is not an easy one. The British press is discussing now the report of a commission appointed to make some recommendations regarding a surplus of from 200,000 to 300,000 miners and others employed in the heavy indus tries. The Yorkshire Post to-day states "Out of a party of 560 young men of Durham, all of good physique and in the right decade of life, who proffeied them selves recently as settlers for Australia, only 12 were actually selected." The Birmingham Post says, "The fact is there are to-day njore men and women ready and even eager to move to the Dominions than the Dominions care to accept." Per sonally, I think Australia could absorb with advantage a lot of Dutch, Danish, and Swedish settlers, who would' assimi late themselves with Australians. The problems of slum clearance and better housing are being tackled here, although it will be a long time before the objectionable features of the overcrowded tenements throughout the cities and even in some of the smaller towns, will disappear. The work of encouraging house ownership is deserving of popular support. Our co operative methods render the task much easier for the average wage earner." Speaking of the English summer, Mr. Whiting says:—"There haB been no rain for 12 to 14 days, and the warm weather has given quite an impetus to tourist travel, and the sale of summer drinks. I saw one man to-day in a white hel met and white duck suit. The skies have been quite blue—1 am writing now at 9 p.m. without any artificial light. The fair sex here are about in bare arms and slight clothes, the same as in Adelaide. One, however, smiles at the number of. Londoners (males), who, in the midst of summer conditions, appear in top hats, spats/ and carry thick gloves," 