m NAvianoN act. AUSTRALIAN STANDARDS SHIP OWNERS' POSITION. AN INFORMATIVE STATEMENT. (Reprinted from 'The Age1* of Harsh 17). Inter-State ship owners are most per turbed at the recent action of the ?Asso- ciated Chambers of Commerce in' con ference in Tasmania, in passing reso lutions condemning t*e Navigation Aet. The Navigation Act was insti tuted Be part of Australia's policy of protection, and with a view U- build ing up for the Commonwealth a reli able mercantile marine necessary for tue effective conduct or inter-state sea carriage' in time of peaee and as on important second line of defence in time of war. In this respect it if generally acknowledged that the act has worked moBt successfully. A big mercantile marine had been built up, and cargoes which were once carried in overseas cOup1* — many of them owned by foreigners — are now carried in Aus tralian bottoms, and giving employ ment to thousands of Australian mari time workers. Generally, the case or the repeal of the Navigation Act is based on eon plaints that local ships are not coping with the trade. But the fact u that owing to lack of cargoes no fewer than 25 ships have had to be laid up this month. These vessels are, always held in roadineas to meet any demand that may arise for further space. More over, oversea ships may carry local cargoes under the Act if they wish to do so, provided that they comply with working conditions as to wages, etc., that are applicable to Iocs) ships. But apparently euch cargoes liave been so few' that no attempt has ever been made by oversea vessels to take ad vantage of this privolcgc. An informative statement on the whole position was issued by the Aus tralian Steamship Owners' Federation yesterday. It reads as follows: — ( ' It would seem from recent resolu tions passed by various (Chambers of Commcrco, 'and 'also from a statement by the president of tho Victorian Chamber of Manufactures, published in the Press this month, that there is effects of the coasting clauses of the Navigation Act. The idea appears to bo prevalent that the coasting trade is reserved exclusively to the inter-State shipping companies. This is not the fact, as it is quite open to any oversea company to obtain a license t0 trade on the Australian coast on precisely the same conditions as the intcr-Statc companies *havc to comply with. The sections of the Act which principally affect British ships dtsirous of engag ing in the coasting trade are: — Section 289, which provides that the seamen employed on vessels which engage in any part of the, coasting trade shall be paid for the period during tvjich the vessel is so engaged wages at the cur rent rates ruling in Australia for sea men. ' Section 298 provides that the wages prescribed by awards at the Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration or as certified by the registrar or deputy registrar ' shall be prima-faciv evidence of those rates of wages. 'The resolutions pasted by the Chambers of Commerce suggesting that the coastal pauses of the Act be nbolirfhed would, if giv n-«ffect to, give rise to very nnfnir competition, as it would then be open for over' a vessels, with cheaper labour and less onerous conditions, to compete with the inter State companies, wh0 would etill be I bound by the awards of the Arbitration Court. Would the Chambers be pre pared to recommei d that immigrants from Europe shoull be allowed to be bronght over to work in Australian factories at European rates of wages alongside other employees who liave to be paid Australian award wages and conditions f This) would be an exact ly parallel case. 'The Australian ehippinp companies are carrying on their industry under the enormous handicap of the burdens imposed n't only by the Aet and regu lations, but also by the awards of the Arbitration Court, and even whilst the competition is, by reason of the eoistal clauses of ttie set, limited to competi tions os equal tonns, 150,000 toss of inter-State shippuiv is at the present time lying idle owing to lack of trade. 'The inter-State companies are -en- tirely precluded from competing for oversea, trade owing to tile eondittoni under which they are compelled to run their Teasela, and it should sot be overlooked that whilst the Navigation Act prescribes certain conditions as to manning, (Meommodation, qte, it 5s. not that Ant hot the Arbitration Court awards which determine mgm, hoars and ether conditions, and that the AostraHan companies ' tunning their vessels -with Australian labour would still have to comply with these Awurds, even if the' Navigation A«i did not eijst. ' - r . ' ' 'As illustrating .the dUEerenee be tween the coat of Tunning under Aus tralian conditions and under conditions prevailing in otter parti of the world, the report of the Committee of Public Account* on the Oentmenwealth Gov ernment shipping activities (presented to parliament on September £8, 1827) states that the committee was inform ed that In respect to a vessel of 6000 tons gross the relative eost of Austra lian wages and conditions to that on vessels of other nationalities would be M follows:— 'Australian „ ? £100 British ? 82.41 American ? 42.21 Swedish .. .. .. .. ,. 24.61 iwm .. .. .. .. .. ?. io.tt 'Since these figures were prepared the Australian rates have been in creased. 'Rgnres were also placed before that committee showing that under Australian conditions of ««i«!i; and pay a 'Bay' steamer hail to carry ? complement of 170, against 164 on a vessel of similar dan of British re gister, ana that the actual wages paid under the Australian ftondStioni on the live Bay steanwus for the year amount' ed to £E0t£87, as compared with the estimated wages under British condi tions of SSTJSit. The discrepancy would, of «our», be Jnneh grkafer if the comparison hafl teen made wilt similar vessels of other nationalities.'* The toJIotrlug leading article appear, ed in 'The Age' on Kanh 22: — In certain parts of 'Australia, amongst coteries of poUUeal ni eon-, merdal Imj pessimist^ the Naviga tion Art is represented poitenfaimsTyM an incnift,l)y littlag itself *fwM* the country wcnU' enter vpaa # Jo'Jfton age of prosperity. It fine* «??.-* compendious ffTphnUna of s-wiry imaginsMe SI, to olseorer ttc root causes of wttcii -mleht-!uolve , snore HUHUlllSIl ?*»»»— ^itffttl, ' T'TlU¥s nlfJlIT T is seUsm buttress* »y precise r*rl denee or «e»osnwriea \j tttomsafaiiftl * workable alternative,. aceepUole to AuirtraUan .iconoitioBS. .The Act has been Uamed for- most of the commer cial, financial and industrial woes of Tasmania, ana for many of the trou bles «hat beset West Australia. Ac cording to tbis'riew, the Act is an al most malign piece of legislation, in flicting upon .parts of the Common wealth permanent damage to trade, endless personal inconvenience and severe community losses. Tic latest outburst comet from Tasmania, where, nt-H farewell gathering to 8ir A. 'Ash bolt, hints of an organises attempt by the shipping companies to break down the Aet were given. The statements made at this aournfn] valedictory are typical of current propaganda, much of it glaringly Inaccurate end mislead ing. In recent years many persons, actuated by obscure motives, have sought to create ripples of public sen timent that might disturb the basic principle of the Navigation Aet. It is surely time that this queru lous cant was challenged, and the attention of all thoughtful Australians recalled to the real nature and pur pose* of the Act. This legislation, in some respects, is just as important and vital a part of the Protectionist sys tem of the country as the tariff. With ether measures sanctioned 'by a ma ture public opinion, it was designed to ensure that our coastal trade and tran sit facilities should be conducted in conformity with Australian living con ditions. Opponents of the Aet some times . unscrupulously arer that it 'prevents' oversea shipping com panies from entering the coastal trade. It does nothing of the kind. It mere ly stipulates that if oversea vessels engage in our coastal trade the ships should pay -t&e; rates of wages pre scribed for our own seamen, and observe the conditions as to accommo dation for crews enjoined upon Austra lian shipping companies. To do otherwise would invite a most unfair and disastrous form of competition — open the fray to more. employment of foreigners and make another foolish concession to the pernicious doctrine of cheapness. As was pointed out by the inter-State shipowners in an admir able statement published in 'The Age' last IWday, it would be exactly analogous if immigrants from Enrope wore permitted to enter the country without hindrance, and work in our factories at European Tales of wages. The production of transport services in our midst is as much entitled to protection as the manufacture of tex tiles, toots or motor bodies. This demand that the Navigation Act be swept away involves in the last an alysis a claim for free-trade in ship ping services. Even woro tho de mand eonccdod, our own companies would still be required to pay rates cf wages prescribed by oar industrial tribunals. Would those who clamour for the repeal of the Navigation Act then demand the. scrapping of mercan tile awards or charitably ascribe to shippers and trad rs a patriotic senti miont sufficiently strong to guarantee payable trade to Australian steamers, in preference to Japanese, Dutch, Nor wegian and Italian! According to in formation given to the Federal Public Accounts Committee, and reproduced by (hip owners in the statement re ferred to, the cost of Australian wages and conditions relative to that of other nationalities would be:— Aus- tralian, 100; British, £32/8/-; Ameri can, I4S/4/-; Swedish, £24/10/- ( Danish, £16/9/-. Admittedly, tho standards of the Navigation Act are high, and our seamen enjdy 'comforts and' ipriviloges liot attained by seafarers under/other flags. Such comforts imply responsi bilities of efficiency and smooth run ning. But in adopting deliberately a policy of protecting its maritimo workers Australia is only doing what other countries iave done. The coastal trade of the United States is notori ship owners. Some countries of Europe have adopted stringent control over their coastal trade, in the interests of their own nationals. We are entitled to ensure that laoour along our coastal seaways shall be conducted under de cent conditions. If any oversea shipping company wishes to enter our. coastal trade, for freight or passen gers, the way is open; it has 'but to obey the same conditions as are observed by - interstate shipping com panies, and thereby establish fair com petition. On the rare occasions when orir coastal vessels are inadequate ex emptions are 'given at the discretion Of the Minister to enable oversea liners to carry [passengers between Australian ports. These provisions have proved elastic enough for all contingencies., But the crafty propa ganda to repeal the Navigation Act, cunningly concealing or grossly mis representing thl facts, ignoring or flouting our national ideals, and insidi ously working to overthrow Australian living conditions, presumably in the interests of somelbody's commercial profit, is doomed to futility. 