MRS. JOHN MclNERNY RETURNS. HER VARIED IMPRESSIONS. AIUt an itlmuimn <>| thirteen muntliN Mrs. .lohn Mcim-nty returned to "Alel- lionrm; yestenluy by R.iM.S. Comorin. Mrs. Alelnerny was one of AuNLrulin'H re presentatives at the uuiiiMuenninl eonfer- onee o) the intenuitioiud Council of Women, held in Cenevu Inst July. At the conference she wiih a member of the com mittee on migration. Hut she said yester day that the problems of migration to Canada and America wore discussed rather than Mm AiiKtmlian problems, .She hud the impression that the commit tee were more satisfied with the pOHitjon in regard to Australia, and it wnH the nearer homo matters that required ad justing, especially in regard to the keep ing families together. A story was told at Geneva of a man, his wife and family who migrated to America. On Ellis Island the wife and children ycrc sepa rated from the man, and' it was- only alter months of searching that lie finally' neit'lnJ f'T ln- 1 "bm-gli. .Resides this matter of keeping iumihcs together, the migration stressed the importance of nations to take charge of the girls on emigrant ships. AJrs. Mclnerny has returned to Austra lia more convinced than ever of the im portance of maintaining a high standard oi immigrants lor Australia. There were many oxcellc-ut English families who wet'e only too anxious to conic to Australia, phe he, nd of one Ionian who received a JcLtcr from the wife of a settler— a former tramway insneotor in England— who Mto«e tolling of tho very hard work that m.is necessary to succeed in Australia, hut boasting of. tho fnct. tluit her children had a tn\l-acic paddock to play in- "A paddock for playground," ex claimed the recipient of the letter, "and JHf; thildi on have only the village street." 1 his, fanuly were determined to come to Austialia, and were willing to do any amount hard work in order to make secure theirchildronV futurc- , 4 'Geneva, Alls. ALelncrney said sho Jcaint the meaning of mteinatioiuihsm and alboof (iiationuhbin, for. the women were so intensely-, national, felie felt that as lar usAhc Gci man womeu were conccrnud that ;; she., "svotild like to he friends, for thoy BO; sinuci cly were against any future but she thought that the German incn.jWeiev.btill very hitter, and she saw manjvof rlhcm in the north of France and Eclgium- visiting the German cemeteries . whilq, she-- wnH; visiting the Australian nnd English. soldier cemeteries. These she ..found were most beautifully kept, with then- arched gateways, und.jii a niche of the gates »tho. hook in which was inscribed ,lhe names of all those known to be buried tlicic;.; ami yet there were still rows, on jyfi.pf. grave stones with tlic inscription. , l o an unknown Australian soldier," -and then, '...-'.-Known only. to God-" With her daughter, Airs. Afcinerny- hpent n term at Gamhridgc; Aiiss Alcfn- oi ny, who is on the staff of the Afelbournc University, studied geology, particularly mybtalogiunhv and mineralogy, under Ih ofcssoi lluleheson. a world r authority on these: subjects, lie has just recently been appointed master of Pembroke Col lege. Alis.s AlcTncrny also attended Ncwn- hsm College, where the:. vice-principal, Alibs Ellcs. is a geologist of renown. . Tt was at Cambridge that . ATiss. Alelneimy .lealLsed. the effects, of free-trade. She kept a list of groceries, purchased one day, and found that not one thing was of Eng lish .-manufacture or produced" in England; .rho bacon was Danish, the eggs French, the matches Hvredish; tinned salmon came 1 J. roni the United States of America/ dried irmls wore Portuguese, and yet many were. doing their best to' buy- British nncl Empire goods by asking for them, and yet the only supplies .wcrcns has-just been told,'- ' ;" . ' Among Australian friends . settled in -kngland, Airs. Melnerney rrav Airs. F. Sponcoi'— formerly.: Al iss . Gertrude Burke— who had just boon appointed lecturer in h rcnch at Koblc College, Oxford. She is the first woman to Jiold a lectureship in nny .Oxford college. Her husband, Bcv. h. Spencer. iR viec-chuplain' at Brasenosf College. At Goueva, and again in London. Airs. Alclnerny met Lady Forster, who .hcnt her. love to ; Australia. 