Oil a Podrida A Cheap Wreck.-The wrecked coast al steamer White Bay, which foundered during a recent cyclone on Stockton .Beach, brought only £22/10/- when it was auctioned last month. After 37 Years.-When Mrs L. Carr, of Leopold (Vic.) lost her wedding-ring in the cultivation paddock of her farm in 1891, a week's thorough search fail ed to be the means of locating it. Her son, however, came across it quite re cently while ploughing the paddock. Recluse Leaves £200.-When an eld erly recluse known as '' the old scis sors-grinder " was found dead in bed at ' his hut near Robertstown (S.A.) last month, a search of his clothes revealed over £200 in notes and silver. The old chap, who was very taciturn, always refused to let the townsfolk know his name. A "Stone" Cauliflower.-James Quil-, tcr, of Yaralla Station, near Junoe, last month brought a chaff-bag of large cabbages and cauliflowers to the local hospital. Included in the collection was a cauliflower weighing one stone (141b) without any of its green leaves. Man who went Black.-Gustan Brus chy, the Danish seanian whose skin turned black a few months ago, was recently examined by the leading Harley-street (London) medicos. None of the doctors could account for the happening, but stated. that Bruschy was hi almost perfect health, despite the pigmentation of thej skin. . Salutary Sentences.-For scattering cyanided baits for opossums in a pad dock near Wangaratta (Vic) last month, W. T. Gould and William Mor ley were each sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Wealthy Squatter Dead.-Arthur H. Whittingham, one of Central Queens land's best known squatters, left the nice sum of £242,913 at his recent death. Of this, £100,000 was left to found a University scholarship for the Anglican Grammar School at Geelong (Vic.); his widow received the bulk of the rest. Only one "Dry."-Most of the coun cillors of Perth (W.A.) are somewhat partial to a "spot" or a glass of lager, the sole exception is Cr. Berry man, who has been an abstainer all his life. During last May, Perth's councillors got outside of the contents of 117 bottles of lager, 64 of whisky, seven of gin, and five each of brandy and wine. Besides quaffing over (30 dozen of mineral waters, the council lors smoked 714 cigars and 1840' cigar ettes (Mirinp- the month. The total cost was £103 4s 4d. A Valid Reason.-When Edward Craig was charged with having stolen an overcoat from an Albury shop, he said "That's right; I took it because I was cold!" He will be in the Al bury gaol until the end of the year. Started Early.-Wally Hoysted, a 14 year old jockey, has already won 39 races, including several big handi caps in Albury. Ho has rode "work" for his father (who is a trainer) since he was nine years old, and started rid ing in races only last January. Sensible Dr. Meares.-Dr. A. G. Meares, a well-known medico 'of Mal vern (Vic.), who died recently, left the whole of his £213,494 to liis two children, who are boys. He was widow ed only a few years back. Martyr to Insomnia.-Becoming de mented through the want of sleep for several successive days and nights, a well-known racehorse farrier named B. Sheridan ended his life in a tragic man ner recently in his forgo at Cabramat ta. Finding that his attempt to sever the jugular vein had not been success ful, he poured kerosene on himself and his clothes, and applied a lighted match to the soaked garments. The poor fel low's body was charred almost beyond recognition. The Deadly Lipstick.-At the recent inquest of a society woman in Vienna named Cora Wilner, the mcdical testi mony showed that the deceased's blood had been poisoned .by her sucking the" lipstick-paint from lier lips from time to time. The doctor added that her body contained enough lead and mer cury to have poisoned a dozen ordin ary humans. Centralisation Curse.-During ? last year, the 185 square miles that com prise Sydney and its suburbs gained 30,000 in population; the remainder of the State (nearly 309,250 square miles) gained less than 22,000. Most of our inland towns, as a matter of faet, con tain less people at present than they did 20 years back. Another Alien Influx.-An immi grant ship that arrived in Australia last month had aboard 184 Italians, 29 Albanians, 10 Slavs, and 28 of other Southern European countries. Only three of the 251 had any knowledge of the English language. From a King's Stock.-The British House of Commons' new Speaker-Cap tain E. Fitzroy-is a direct descendant of that libertine king, Charles II and Barbara Villiers, one of his numerous paramours. The Duke of Grafton wp,s the first to bear the name of Fitzroy (which means "the illegitimate son of a king,'') As is usual with '' natural'' offspring of royalty, tlie Fitzroy.'s coat of-arms contains a bar sinister. Sweet Lavender.-C. Denny, an Eng lishman, acquired a small plot near Launce.ston (Tas.) .some years back for the purpose of growing lavender on a large scale. Importing seeds- from France, the resultant plants became su fieiently mature in three years for dis tillation purposes. Denny now has a factory on his eight acres of lavender, and is sending oil and other by- products to oversea countries. Money in Whales.-The Norwegian whaling company that operates in Ross Sea (which is under Maoriland control) paid dividends amounting to over £200,000 as--a result of the last sea son's catches; the Nielsen-Alonzo's crew alone obtained 730 whales, yield ing over 9500 tons of oil during the first nine weeks of the season. The company has bought the steamers Me dic, Opawa and Athenic, which have an aggregate tonnage of 34,01(5. These vessels will be converted into up-to date whalers. Surprised the "Natives."-A com mercial traveller who uses a 'plane re cently landed in the main street at Balranald, on the lower Murrumbidgce. The whole of the townsfolk gathered round the machine, and just as the bagman was taking off to go to Hay, a bull rushed at the 'plane. Faster than an Aeroplane.-A frigate bird that was released at Calcutta reached Colombo in Ceylon-a distance of about 1020 miles-recently in 3 hours 29 minutes. This works out at nearly 300 miles per hour. The bird, by the way, had a small paper attached to one of its legs (stating thereon the time it was released at Calcutta) when it was shot at Colombo. Yankee's Suicides.-During last year no fewer than 12,948 persons commit ted suicide in U.S.A. Of these 8632 were males. The oldest to do away with himself was 97; the youngest was a girl of six years. Most of those .who suicided were suffering from alcoholic-exe'esses at the time. . No More Secrets.-Guilty secrcts are said to be bared unerringly by an ap paratus invented by Dr. A. Schneider, a German professor now resident in California (U.S.A.) The suspect places the fore-fingers of each hand on con tacts from which run minute wires to a capillary electrometer and an ar rangement of glass tubing. Through one of these tubes runs a fine thread of mercury, fluctuations of which are said to betray the suspect. The U.S.A. Go vernment has offered Dr. Schneider a large sum for the sole rights of the patent. Great Horse Team-To obtain £350 for. a six-horse team nowadays is a remarkable happening, but such a price was given at a recent auction sale at Ashburton The top price was £(55, and the "scrubber" of the lot brought £50. Evidently the days of the Clydesdale, in New Zealand at any rate, have by no means passed. A well-earned Rest.-After trading between New Zealand and the Pacific Islands for 53 years, the steamer Hincmoa has been withdrawn from the service. She was originally a three masted schooner, but engines were placed in her in 1885 at Auckland (N.Z.) The World's Cars.-The latest figures on the subject show that at the end of last March, there were no fewer than 29,014,720 registered motor cars in the world. Excluding U.S.A.'s. 22,400,000 cars, the United Kingdom, with 1,025,098 cars, has more than any other country. Prance has 891,000, Canada S23,918, Australia 365,(551, Ger many 3.11,040 and Argentina 223,(5.10. Japan has only 42,727 motor cars for the use of its 83,454,480 people, but China is even worse in this respect. For its 450,000,000 people it possesses only IS,298 motor cars. An Old Farthing-An interesting coin was recently picked up on the beach at Fortrose (N.Z.) It was a farthing dated 1799-soon after the first whaling ships landed their crews at intervals on the Maoriland coast. The coin, which was evidently drop ped by one of these pioneer whalers, has been presented to the Otago Museum. Kayo Don's Great Ride.-The late Parry Thomas' record of 129.7 miles per hour for the Brooklands*' (Eng.) circle of two and three quarter miles $vas beaten by Ivaye Don in his 2000 hors'e-power Sunbeam, who did the lap at the rate of .131.7 miles per hour. The Brooklands' track, by the way, is 100 feet wideband the banking varies from l,in 25 to 1 in 30. A Titled Swindler.-Lord Terrington, who is how doing four years in Dart moor (Eng.) gaol for defrauding both friends and business people of £400,000, came out to Australia shortly before the close of last century with a musical comedy company as one of the chorus. He shortly afterwards came into the title and about £140,000 in hard cash, but his fortune slipped from him at Monte Carlo and kindred spots in less than two years. A "Mice Catch."-At Lakeside homestead (Lake Cargelligo) last Fri day night, two mice were caught with one small trap within three minutes of its being set. In all, 48 of the nasty little rodents came to the six traps in. less than two hours. \ The Pity of It.-After a brilliant career during the big war, during which he, inter alia, was instrumental in saving the life of Maoriland's Prime Minister (Mr. Coates), J. D. Stark took to (Jrink and subsequently became a burglar. In sentencing him to only three years' gaol with light labor, Jus tice Ostler at Napier (N.Z.) said that even this sentence would probably be reduced shortly. Efforts are being made for. the release of the unfortunate man (who has been offered a fairly good position) on license. Dark Ronald Dead.-To shorten tho eve of his life, darkened as it was by failing eyesight and a gastric disease, ' Dark Ronald, probably the best thoroughbred stallion yet foaled in Ire land, was destroyed recently at tho German Government's stud farm near Berlin. Sold as a yearling in 1906 for 1300 guineas, lie won a few races; but it was as a sire that be is best known. Among others, he sired sueli champions as Son-in-Law, Ambassador, Brown Prince and Magpie (now of Australia). The Gemma Government paid 25,000 guineas for Dark Konald when he was eight years old. The Maorilaud Way.-For allegedly kicking a player while he was on the ground during a recent llugby football match at Tiniaru (N.Z.) Noil Brown, a noted player, has been disqualified for life. Enterprising Marquet.-Pierre Mar que t, a well-known casino and hotel proprietor at Seville, in Southern Spain, has offered the municipality 500,000 pesetas (about £20,000) for a race to be run on the Tablada race course there next year. Marquet, by the way, is stated to be the richest man in the Spanish Peninsula; his income from various sources is estimated at 3,000,000 pesetas (£.120,000) per an num . "Farming all his Life."-While a witness at the Kataming (W.A.) court was being examined recently as to the value of a certain farm, he stated that he had been farming all his life. A sub sequent question brought the answer, however, that though the witness was only 22 years old, he had worked on his father's farm continuously since he was six years old, when ho regularly milked at least four cows daily. Big Backing.-A few Melbourne sportsmen have offered to back Walter Lindrum, Australia's champion cueist, to plfty any billiardist in the world for £10,000: The money has been placed in a Melbourne bank. Started with "Bundles."-The brothers llasheed, shortly after their arrival in South Australia from their native Syria, started hawking goods in the country, and carried their wares in | bundles on their backs. Their first ; equine purchase was a draught horse, but they now haVe one of the best rac- j ing stables in "Crowland," and each can write a cheque for "-five-figures." A Triple Dead-heat.-At Flemington Bridge (Vic.) about a fortnight back, the whippets Kazan, Silvette and Marietta crossed the line together in a race in which each of them were on the same mark. They cut out the 109 A yards in the remarkable time of 7 1-10 seconds. Great Travelling.-'' Jack'' Smith, a dining-car conductor on the Flying Scotsman train (which runs between London and Edinburgh), has travelled over 4,000,000 miles during the 3.1 years he has been working on the train. Smith, who started on the "Scotsman" as a kitchen-boy, is still on the sunny side of 50. A Freak Fisli.-A gropcr with two tails was hauled on a fishing boat off! the coast of Nukumaru, near Wanganui (N.Z.) last month. This is the first known instance of such a freak-fish, having been caught. It was placed in proof spirit, and is now in the Wan ganui Museum. { Maoriland's Wapiti.-The large species of Canadian deer known as j wapiti has acclimatised well in New ! Zealand, where they were first placed in 1892 in the neighborhood of the West Coast Sounds. During a recent stalk ing expedition there, hundreds were seen, but only a few of the largest were shot. One of the heads brought I back as trophies has antlers 4 feet 11 inches long, and over 3 feet in breadth. A Long Kick.-Harry Todd, a well known Victorian footballer, recently sent a drop-kick on the North Mel bourne ground 92 yards. This is stated to be a record in Australian football. Give me the "Cat."-After W. T. Kerr was found guilty last May at Kilmarnock (Scot.) of burglary, he pleaded to be not sent to prison, as he had a wife and family depending on him, and added "give me the 'cat' in stead." Kerr's pleading was in vain, however, and the magistrate sent him to gaol for four months. Wealthy Anne Nichols.-TJp to the present Anne Nichols (who is Mrs. Henry Duffy in private life) has made fully 5,000,000 dollars (£1,000,000) in royalties for her play "Abie's Irish Eose," and the cinema rights liavo brought her in another 2,000,000 dol lars (£400,000). She is at present on "Abie's Children," which is a sequel to the above phenomenally successful play, and is also having "Abie's Irish Rose" turned into a musical comedy. Steven out of Luck.-Steve Donog hue, who was for many years Eng land 's most successful jockey on the flat, is having a run of bad luck. Ha certainly rode 00 winners last season, j but up to the end of last May, he had ridden in 103 races without getting any; ! of his mounts first past the post. Craze for Miniatures.-At Sotheby's salerooms in London last May, 35 man uscripts and miniatures realised £11,- i 397 in a sale that lasted only fifty minutes. A fifteenth century Belgian manuscript on veluum brought £1500, and a miniature of The Crucifixion, painted by a Burgundy (France) artist, realised £900. This price equalled £100 per square inch of the miniature. Two Teachcrs in (Hi Years.-Opening the school at North Taieri (N.Z.) in 1802, G. B. Anderson, a Maori War soldier, held the office until 1908. His successor, Miss Pretch, has been in charge since his retirement 20 years back. Itotko's Great llun.-At Helingfors, in Poland, last month, Rotlco, who re cently defeated his countryman Nurmi, established a new long-distance record by running 25,000 metres-about 151 miles-in 85 min. 15 sec. This works out at a mile in every 5A minutes truly a. wonderful performance. I Not Many Like Him.-As a punter at the Addin^ton (N.Z.) trotting race course 'was rushing to the tote during a recent meeting, he was stopped by a woman-a complete stranger to him who said "Please put this pound for me on Logan Chief!" The punter took the note, but when he reappeared out side the enclosure with the ticket, the woman was nowhere to be seen. When the punter collected the £2/.19/- /livi dend-Logan Chief came second in ila race-he advertised for the woman, who duly mot. him and was given the money. A Mammoth .Store.-A 'gigantic wholesale department-store, which will cost £(>,000,000, is to be erected on a big plot in the heart of Chicago (U.S.A.) The main building will be IS storeys high, but the tower will ascend five,(storeys higher. The floor space will'" be fully 1,000,000 square feet about !).l acres. Vale, Nora Bayes.-Nora Baves, who in her heyday was U.S.A's. most popu lar comedienne, died at New York re cently, in her 48th. year. Known usual ly as "Laughing Nora," she toured both England and Yankeeland with great success. Among her chief ditties was "Has Anybody Here Seen Kelly?" An Aqueous Spot.-Following on the 29 inches of rain that fell at Arthur's Pass, in the Southern Alps (N.Z.) last April, no fewer than l(i inches were registered there during May last. Eva's Babe.-Mrs. W. Reed (better known as Miss Eva Novak), who was the star in the recently-produced film "For the Term of His Natural Life," and who left these shores only a few months back, had a visit from the stork at Honolulu last month. She intends to return to the Commonwealth shortly with, her "Aussie girl," as she styles her bairn, who ,is the only one during her five years of married'life. Too Big for One.-Blenheim Palace (Eng.), which is the seat of the Duke of Marlborough, is the largest private residence in the world. Its' main build ing alone covers three acres and con tains 17;! rooms. A "Matron" Competition.";-At a recent '' matron'' competition in Lon don, eighteen mothers brought their 249 children with tlieni. The winner turned up in Mrs. F. Watts, who re ceived £10S, which represented £4 for each of the 27. sons and daughters she brought with her. The father was pre sented with £27. He'll Never Starve.-Being out of work last year, a Belfast (N.I.) boy of 15 studied the mechanism of cash registers. He undertakes to keep such in order for £2 per year. The lad al ready has 300 firms on his books, and the number is increasing. Lonely Death.-Gaining entrance in to a cottage in a Ghristchurch (N.Z.) suburb one night last month, a young woman died shortly after parturition. Both in other and child were cold when the 'occupant of the house (who was not acquainted with the unfortunate woman) arrived. "Lady Lumsden " sold.-The champ ion white leghorn hen Lady Lumsden, which won the New Zealand^ champion ship at Papanui-it laid 305 eggs during the 51 weeks that preceded 25th. March of this year-was bought last month by a well-known Californian (U.S.A.) poultry breeder, who gave the high price of £30 for the bird. Lady Lumsden, which is not yet two years old, has already been shipped to Yan keeland. "Rubber" Yule's Wealth.-The re cently-deceased Sir David Yule, whose firm controlled nearly 100 big jute, tea and rubber business in India and Malaysia, left the whole of his fortune (about £22,000,000) to his' only child Gladys, who has seen only 24 summers. The deceased knight, who was only (55 when his "curtain" fell, started life in Calcutta as a clerk in a tea-mer chant's office 35 years back. A Philanthropic "Boot."-'The new University at Nottingham (Eng.) which was opened by the' King on Tuesday last was built at the instance of Sir Jesse Boot, who controls over 1300 chemists' shops in England. He has been bed- ridden for years, but has expended over £1,000,000 in the erec tion of Nottingham's scat of learning. Cecil Holland's Luck.-Cecil Hol land, a son of the well-known Victorian chemist and dermatist of that name, has made good at Hollywood (U.S.A.) Last May he signed on with a big cinema-producing firm there, as its chief make-up artist, for two years iit 200 dollars (£40) -per week. 