j Danish Migration Australia Not Attractive Lieutenant Colonel V. Larsen, V.D., R.D., Vlco-Consul for Denmark in \- " Queensland, lias returned to Brisbane after an absence abroad of about seven ' months. He left Australia In u Danish motor ship In January last and travelled '. leisurely to Copenhagen. - In Denmark 'he had a crowded three months. It ; | . was AO years since he had left the . country arid there were Innumerable . old friends and places ot Interest to ' be visited. In addition lie had uudl- ence with the King, n feature ot the " trip of which Colonel Larsen Is pnr- . ' tlculnrly proud, in view of tho fact that just prior to tits leaving Aus- " tralla the King had sent lilm a special decoration. As the result of Ills trip Colonel . Jjorscn does not see much prospect of Danish- immigration . to Australia. , The .Dane, lie says,' likes bis little hiL ' of freehold, nnd the conditions required ; ' of the Immigrant -coming "to" Australtii and the difficulties of obtaining froe- j -hold' do not attract lilm.— "Tliero uro . . numbers" of fine Jncn in Denmark . '.anxious to g'o abroad, .but, the bulk of thom. are going to Canada, where fetter opportunities uro available. The_ Vice-Consul said' that his ,ln- quIriesT showed him . that Danish ,' product wis n. flrjhly established as ;;! Oyer.' Oil tKo London market. ,.antl Ho '' , .ii inmil, l>a VllfTljiiili 'frtn JG.»i UUIlBiMUV'JU, IUU.I ML RUMIU.MV: vg . wu « fc ' Australia, as- a ' compeUtor.'i to '.replace ; ' ' It. .Apart from tho iiu tu rnl ad vantages ' ' 'that . Denmark possessed, lie said .that or qthe, co-operative movement wns .so strohg that only, .the 'first quality was ) 'placed Iff' a regulated manner upon the market. - ' ' . While lie whs absent from Brisbane ""''Colonel Larsen visited also Germany, . Drotjce,: Belgium, -and Italy. lie said that ;eVorywhere he found peoplo com- .pialriHlg'of tlie hard times, but he 'dld '.-not' ' see " much reason for' 'the' com- plaints. Fields and forests looked at- tractive and fnrms were clean and' In .good ' ropalr. ' The . people seemed happy and contented enough, hut they '"Tiad to work . hnrd." 