AUSTRALIAN WORKERS TO STARVE I Mr. Bruce and the Aliens It may not bo general^ known that whlla an Italian, a Swede, a Dago, a Jugo Slavi or an Estonian Is allowed by Messrs. Bruco and Co. to enter Australia and take an Aus tralian's Job, tho Aliens Act passed by Vessrs. Baldwin and Co., in the Bri tish House of Commons absolutely preTonts such Aliens from entering Britain. This Is a question that Mr. Bruco may answer to-night. He claims to be a great Bmplro builder, but hln actions during the past three years prove him to bo an Empire vrecker of the worst type . He has allowed many thousands of Aliens to be damped Into Australia with the re sult that they are being used not only as strike breakers, but as in strument to break down the condi tions and Increase the hours of Aus tralian workers. A striking oxample of this can be met at Yetholme, right in the Bathurst district, where a number of Jugo Slavs can be seen working all hours and under condi tions reminiscent ot the dark ages. These unfortunate men have been lured here by misleading advertise ments In the home paperj inserted by the Australia House Authorities, and to-day are working the longest hours possible clearing forest land and earning at the rate of £1/0/2 a week. They are working under contract and are thus placed ouUide the pale of all existing awards. Tho Jugo SlavB can be seeu by all those In and around Bathurst who so de sire and what *e state hero can be readily verified. These factB are so striking that it will take a lot of ex plaining on the part of the Prime Minister, who to-night may .well be expected to use the Communistic bogey for all it is worth, and con veniently glos3 over the Imports tion of all sorts of Aliens to Austra lia with the result that thousands ot our workmen are tramping the coun try more or less starving. How the British Government prohibits Aliens la plainly Bhown by a report in the English 'Athletic News' of last month; and which is vitally interest ing at the present stage. Here it is: An interesting point has been raijod — not for the first time — by th0 refusal ot the Ministry of La bor to permit the landing in this country of Creutz Jensen, a Dan ish forward, to accept an ongage ment with the Cardiff City Club. Th0 Aliens Act specially set forth that no alien shall bo allow ed to take a position which can be filled equally or almost as well by a British workman, and all professional footballer, j of any codc are regarded as workmen. Jensen, who was signed by Car diff City when the team were' on tour at the end of last season, is regarded as a very clever player, and one who would have been able to justify hie Inclusion in tho League team. That opinion has become known in Cardiff, and the supporter; of tho Club had looked forward with koen anticipation to his arrival. To those Intimate with the inner work ings of lie Ministry of Labor, it was a big surprise when the Min Istry stepped in and prevented Jensen from coming into this coun try for tho purpose of accepting an engagement with Cardiff City. It wai; just the same when Clap ton Orient wanted and had actu ally signed and registered Braine, the Belgian goal-scoring centre forward. The Ministry act upon a general rollcy In all such cases. Before a permit i^ issued thoy must be' perfectly satisfied that an immi grant is not going to oust a Bri Usher out of a job. This ban des not apply only in the cace of footballers. It lc the same in other walks of life, the^only ex ception according to a Ministry official, being when the applicant happens to have unique' qualifica- tion;, such as a star thoatrical or music-hall performer, or highly salaried scientific expert. Mr. Bruce has const tenly preach ed the direction of what Is good ed the diction ot what to good for Australia. But it is apparently quite another matter when the in terest-; of the Australian workmen and their wives are at stake. 