Primary Producers' Union Day Picnic at Taree Showground Federal Government and Dairy Industry outlined by Dr. Page About 150 persons,' principally dairy', runners.- wilh their vvives , uud chil dren, and ; with a good sprinkling of prominent citizens oC Taree,' attend' od Hie Taree showground on Satur day afternoon for the Primary Pro ducers' picnic, arranged by the exe cutive of Lhe .Control Hivors District Council »t the P.P. Union. The big attraction was the previously an nounced (act Iliut Dr. Burle Page t Federal Treasurer), Air H. E. Prat Ion (.Minister Cor Customs), and Mr. I'alL'ison (Minister rur Markets and .MiKi'tilion — ihrec members of . the Federal I'arlianionl, who had given grand assistance to Ilio primary pro ducors — were to speak, but unfortu nately Messrs. Printer, and Paterson were unexpectedly detained will] official duties However, Dr. Page outlined the steps which have been taken to put the industry on a more solid basis and ' the cheerful uolo struck by him and other speakers gave thoso present, cause to hope for butter things iii the titlurc. ; Many parlies. comb along with their lunch, wliile the visitors were treated tn_ dinner by, the iailies, headed by Mrs. P. Kednian. Dr. Page, accom; pnnied by. Mrs. . Pago, . Mr. Patrick Grant. (General President of the P.P. Union), Mr. V. C. L. Sagot. (Private Secretary) and Mr. .1- L. Porgnson (Assistant Secretary) motored throush fi'om Kempsey on Saturday morning. At Coopernook they pick ? od up Mr. Albert What son (chairman of directors of the M.R. Dairy Co.), and 'arrived at the showground at 12.45- Mr. Alex. Cameron (District Secretary of the Central Rivers Coun cil of the Uiiion) attended the meet ing at KempS'iy' on Friday and came over by train for Saturday's, picnic at Taroe. . . ...' After a number of addresses hail hoon given in the hull, those present were givon the, opportunity of seeing tin: coursiiiK dogs in action,' under I ho direction of Mr. C. Jackson. Drl Pago mentioned, to friends that this was the lirst time he had snen the 'tin hi'.re' and many others present saw the innovation Tor tho lirst time. The Federal Treasurer and his pary left by the 10 pan. train for Sydney, and on Sunday night left by the Molbounm express to be present at Cabinut inei'UnuH during the pre sent week- ??'?': ' ,IN THE HALL. :. , . ;. Mr| F. Itedman (vice-president of Che District Council* of the P.P.U.) presided over the well-lilled hnll dur ing this speech making. With him at the table, were. Dr: Page (-Federal Treasurer), Mr. I* O. Martin (mem ber for Oxley), Jlr. Patrick C.rant (Genera 1 President of the , P.P. Union), Aid. W. AVrigley (Mayor of Tni-oo). At a lator stage the Hon. Alliert Uruntnell (Chief Secretary tor N-S.W.) who had been visiting Ilarrinaton in connection with th'j llsliiug industry— arrived. The chairman said that they werr proud to have such distinguished visitors for'. their lirst P.P.U. Day. He was sorry that the District President (Mr. W-;C. y.iidsuy, of Wauchopo) was not. present. He asked th' Mayor of Tareo to extend a welcome to the visitors. Aid. W'rigley said that he ' was pleased to have the opportunity of extending a welcome to Dr. Page, Mr Grant, and also their own member (Mr. 1j. O. Martin). The latter con sidered himself one of thn people, but when \vi was in Parliament I Ivy look oil to him to do a lot lor tho wliol'i district This was a Primary Pro rliicerh' IJ-iy. ai|d. although he was iipI a prininry yroiliicei1. yet they were all producers of something or else consumers of a product. H« con hidtfred that the P.P.U. D.iy was worthy of . support. ' . Iwcaaso 5t brought representatives trbin all parts of |!-e district, some of whom seldom met tosjotiiir. By mooting hi the way llioy were that, day llwy had lhe opportunity ol' discussing various .mutters 'ml heariui; thu views of those who travelled over the whole of tlu Commonwealth, and who were -ib'.a to bring infor mation and , riiigtSUHlions, which would help tlm product rs ??£ Hie .liu tricl. lli- had much nleusiiro in wel coining Iho visitors and wished Ilio liriuuiry producers .every success. The. uiuiivinan ucpreHsrtd his dis appointment at the absence of Messrs. Pratlen and Pato'rson. Dr. Page was touring thu North Coast in the interests of th' pilmnry pro ducers. He was interested in Hi'; dairying industry and ivus1I1ii1ylhK lo gain further knowledge. }lo [ hud much pleasure in calling on Dr. Pago to- addrr-ss the '-meeting. DR. PAGE'S ADDRESS. Dr. Pago was received with ap plause, and said that lib was disap pointed ihdl ho was Iho only 'repre sentative of the Federal Government to make the trip. The visit was mad a on r the suggestion of ' Messrs.' Grant, and fiordon (President and ' vicePre sident of the P.P.U.) Just after the butter duty was placed on the table ot' the : House they came to Canberra and suggested that Mr. Pratton jour ney through the North Coast and re ceive1 Iho thanks of' the dairymen for the substantial help he hatl givon them- The trip- was arranged, but when he (the speaker) arrived at Hyron1 Ray earlior' in the week he1 re coi'voiV1 a ' telegram from' Mr.j Pralt.cn that, he: was -unable1 to join - in owing to important matters vhich required his - attention. He .thanked lhe pri mary producers for ' tlw invitation and promised to do' all ho could for the industry. Dr. Page said; that Mr. Pralten was delayed owing to a strike of the men who. manned' the boats which look supplies to the light houses. It: was his ? duty to rectify the matter. He -was anxious to come aslic recognised that it was very ap* pro'priate to set aside' the day on which the increased duty 'on butter wasibroughtin bydhe federal Govern ment, which, although 75 per cent, of its members represented city con stituencies or wero not interested in hutter, recognised thai the butter producers were entitled to the same control and protection- as other in dustries- '??? The duty was only passed about six weeks ago and .already tha industry , had straightened up its shoulders in the knowledge that the Federal' Parliament would give, it fair and reasonable treatment and enable it to.- establish living conditions and standards of comfort on the farms, as good' as those in tlic city. It' they v.-ere going to ,.havu whilu Australia ' coudi tlons for ..iho city,, they wero not go-, in:.' lo. liavii black ? conditions for those living on the land- They were entitled to assistance and help in the markets oC Australia. Mr. Prutten was , sorry that. he. was not present 10 emphasise, the importance of the step taken. It. had been :the cJtstom to snner at the dairying industry, but it. was one of .the most -important, in dustries in the Commonwealth and the -Umpire, as it brings about an in tensive form of settlement, provides unrivalled opportunities for home making and for- keeping. -families . to- gether, whon the home is '. made; and it; can ; liolp materially in the re distribution of the population of the Empire. In magnitude, it ranks us one, of the first industries in Austra. iia.Tho. dairy farms alone represent a capital of £125,000,000 expended on their . development . and equipment, with , an-, annual production o£ .:J45,000,000, o£ which .f:!0,000.000 is Tor milk products. The butter and cliccbe factories represent a capital outlay ? of ?£ ; 1.250.000, the , annual value of. the products of these fac tories is, over the last five years, nearly .220,000,000. '.the average an nual production of butter for the last five years being about 120,000. Ions of which two-thirds is consumed locally and one-third exported. On the farms no less than 148,785 people are. diroctly employed in the dairying industry. In the Associated Factories an. additional 5,S2(i people are employed. The dependents of this huge number employed in the dairying industry run into 500,000. while, iif addition, it is no. exaggera tion to say. that hundreds) of towns, of which Usmore. Casino. Taree and li.ingnlow am type*, enlirclv depend upon Hie. dairying industry. Directly and in'dirci'lly, al least, 1.000,000 peoplo in Australia or oncsixth of our lotal population are dependent unon the dairying industry. The product of thu industry is carried to so linish I'd a state locally as to bo able, to bo-. immediately, oonsumod or export i:d in a slate fit for immediate con sumption. Two-thirds ot our product in consumed in Australia. Onu-lhird of our total production is exported in its final slago ready Cor consump tion and is successfully competing with lhe rest of the woild in quality and price. In the 192V London Dairy Show Australian butter 'secured first and third prizes and lied for the sec ond with a Canadian factory. In the nnsalted division /Australia won' the JIj-hI, second and third prizes against New Zealand anil Canadian competi tion. 'Thld big exporting industry holps to pay for our development, bringing back many millions of fresh capital annually to 'suable us to carry on- The iniinnor -in which Iho dairying industry is carried on makes 11 of great value, (o our niil.ional life. It is iho Industry 'par excellence' that keeps' families together till the children— both boys and1 ? girls—have (frown to adult life. : It seems to be the only industry in Australia1 that encourages th'd growth of big: laini lies. Il permits ml v;ill':(''.l parental lontrol and long family assonalions. The dairying industry is of import ance to national life also, because itrt successful prosecution depends upon the practical enthusiastic co operation of the dairy farmers and of the dairying communities. Austra lian dairying provides probably the highest examplo of co-operation .in the world. In the Paterson scheme for the provision of a bounty on ex port' by means of a voluntary, levy,' 100 ' per cent, co-operation has been secured. This co- operation in the' dairying industry has iioen attained practically without Government as sistance and has enabled tremendous results to bo achieved with minimum investment of individual capital. The co-operative factories possess pro bably the finest butter factories in the world, built out. of their own re sources and constantly kept: lip lo date. An industry of kucIi Magni tude, of such social value, almost tmiiiuc in, being able to compete on level terms with the finished product ot other countries, and which ' has striven so much to help itsulf and put itself into its presont position is entitled to the, support of, the Gov ernment of Austrlia to assist its pro gross. The. supply of- dairy products, like land production generally, tmids to be seasonable. Thu consumption dt these products, however, is con tinuous. Methods ot. covering tl'to. lean period of the year are necossary, thorofoj-e both in tho interests oC the consumer and the producer.' If no steps are taken the producer . loses by the glut of the product in lhe. llufc.1i season through the low. prices tl-at are then realised and the great wast age that takes place, while the ..con sumer loses by the great scarcity and high prices in the lean period. To spread tho surplus of the lluslv period over the shortake of the lean period requires organisation and finance. As this action benefits both the producer and consumer, it is rea sonable that the producer- should be aided to perfect that organisation and machinery provided for financing the regular and orderly marketing of his product- The arrangement cf organisation and fihanca for orderly marketing' of our lmt.tor 'production is complicated by the fact Hint one third of our output is sold in the. ex port market-' '.and the questions of home and export commerce and trade nrc dealt, with by two 'different ^ Gov ernments. The State \ Government controls internal trade and the Com monwealth Government external trade and commerce. No satisfactory solution of the problem ot market ing can, however, be achieved with out viewing it as a whole. The Aus tralian Constitu.-ion nialces it v^ry difficult by ^overnnientai action. to completely cover the' whole field, but the whole- hearl.'Jd co-op-jraiion cf tho industry and of tho ? various Slates caii enable suc-jeas to bo achieved The essentials to a satisfactory solu tio'u o£ the marU'i'i ing 'problem in the (iniryinjr iniliuiry on whir n continu cms ? production depends, arc: — 1\. Ability to sp'reur! Die sale iif our butter over the whole of the year. 2\. Means of lifting off the local market, the weight of the e:- port surplus to -.'liable an Aus tralian parity to bo obtained .tor local sales and to provont a de pressed market whim the flush season is on. 3\. A high uniform standard of qua lity to command the best price. 4\. Maximum production from the cow and minimum' costs of pro duction generally. The progress of modern invention backed by the co-operation of tho farmers and stimulated by Federal and' Slate Government assistance, can enable all these essentials Jo be at tained. To assist tho orderly and regular market ing. provision has also been made in I lie Rural Credits Depart ment .or the Commonwealth Bank -for substantial advances up Co 30 ptr cent, oi: market value, to bo made against produce— such as butter hold in store— to permit of regular month ly cheques, to be paid by tha factories to the suppliers awaiting sale. In addition.:. special provision has been made in the Dairy Produce Control Board constituted by thu Common wealth : Government to finance and control Hio whole question of the dis posnl of tho export surplus- This body has now been in existence for two years and acts in conjunction with a 1-omlon agency with a view of rugiilatlng the export of butler and choose, in order to '.secure the best possiblo roturn to the producer. II is elected by the Co-operativo and Proprietary Butter Factories and lws handled over 100,000 tons of butter since its inception. By negotiating with tho Shipping -and Insurance Companies, the Boardhas secured de ductlons in overseas; froight and In surance widen'; ', during tho seasons l!l25/2(i and 1D2B/27. have saved the producers approximately £120,000. The necessity to:- the iwIhIoiico of flitch a controlling body and indeed, for. further action is shown in llw London Bales and tha, commonly at the Imperial Ecoupmie Commltto'i llieii.'on. There supplies arc highest and the wholesale prices nrc lowest in the early months of the year. There are two peaks i:i the supplies. The first is in January and February whon the heavy consignments from (lie southern hemisphere reach the market, and the second in April and Afny when the supplies from the nor them- hemisphere are becoming abun dant.. The wholesale prices fall abwt.it lhe opening of the year, .white ? a 'recovery- Is 'mad* In February and March, and then a renewed fall in April. ' From June onwards there is a gradual fall in the visible supply which lasts until November. During this period prices steadily rise and a curious thing takes place. The southern supplifts are on their way to the market and their amount Is known gonerally. Yet the wholesale price continues lo rise, until towards the end of the. year wlif.-ii it suddenly crashes, with the result that when the southern ' butter arrives nuich ol it is sold at ordinary prices. At Christmas the consumer in tho United Kingdom has in eoiweciuenco to pay, an unduly high retail prlcis. and within a fortnight the Dominion producer receives an unduly' low re turn. Over many years it is found that the highost prices are from September till December, and hiivo a rauge between 70/ to 90/ per cwt. above the lowest of the year. Thn retail prices 'tend to lag behind the wholesale prices, especially whon they 'are falling. Tho result, is that, the British consumer does not buy as much as ho otherwise would and is forced to take' margarine or some substitute. The greater portion of the butter from the Dominions is sold at or near the lower rather than the higher figure. The higher values are often the result of scarcity and speculation in the market. 'Denmark has taken steps to regulate, her sup plies which is in marked contrast in' the Australian position- The second essential in the marketing o£ Austra lian butter is a satisfactory means of lifting the export surplus. Two lilies of action have materially assisted here— (1) the raising of the duty on foreign butter to fid - nnd (2) Che Patorson' Scheme of a bounty on ex liort; Tho Paterson Scheme Is en abled to. operate by reason of the ex istence of the Tariff protoctiou on butter and tho natural protection of her markets by Australia's remote ness from other parts of 'the world. The principle of the Paterson scheme is to levy on the whole of the butter, produced in Australia for the purr pose of paying a bounty on that por tion exported, tints making it more n'rofltahlc to export than to soil in Australia. The. lifting of the -weight of the export surplus of! lhe Austra lian, market permits thu Australian price to advance to the. price that butter can be imported for. II is this advance that makes tho. scheme, of value to the Australian farmer — during the last, two years this has. bi:en worth :E4,O00,O0O to him. While the duty was' only 2d per lb. New Zealand, which is only 1,000 .miles away from Australia- and exports 80 per1 ccmU. of its butter,- lias been able to come in and cut Australian prici-s. Though the amount of imported New Zealand butter was never great, vary 'inij from a few hundred -pounds' worth to half a million In different years, yet the addition of ave.i 1 p-'i' --eiit. to the butter to Ijb consumed in' Aus tralia destroyed our balance between export and import, quotas. Bven it no butler was actually imported the fact that it might so ? .isily t-e im ?ported caused a fooling of uncertainty jind lack of confidence in the marliol . The effect ot the untrnnco of New Zealand' butter is morely to .iisplaf.o an equal quantity of Australian but tc-r Uvhich had then lo 'lw expo- ltd. nnd on which :i bounty would be paid. The lid ilnty is nut (do '-high. 'There is not. much likelihood .'-of -the duty, luting' used in an . 3XtorUiiu'at« man ner as those who control tlw butter industry in Australia are .tuite cog v.isant of the fact that price abov a certain definite rate limits consump tion and consequently brings little 1o the industry. Allwel! wishers of the dairying iudustry must, be grati fied in getting so readily through Parliament. It was carried by r.f. ?votes to S. The t bird essential to fsueccbstul marketing of Australian butter is that il should be of the highest quality and uniform standard. TI»js is securod by grading it under lh..» Commerce Act, a special brand. Ilio- 'Kangaroo' Brand,' being imposed upon (lie choicest Australian butler. This has now been in existence for :;-&. years and has already substan tially improved the returns ot the in dustry. Before the grading uud Miunliirdming, it was the custom ot Australian biillcr to sell generally from 10/ or more less than New Zoa la.nd. Tho average for 1926/27 for the whole year was — Australia 100/, Now Zealand 161%/, Danish 176/-. and on 16th December last New Xe- land.1 butler sold and 'Kangaroo' but tor sold wero quoted in the London market -at' tho same price. This fine product 1 have already mentioned has continually improved in its quality, This improvement Is largely rendered ?possible by the high Btudurdu ot the' j Iiuimt factories in Australia which are models of cleanliness and ofli cient working- Kach season shows it higher standard bi'iug reached. II is essential that we should continu? our good work in this important con nection because, from the 1st Janu ury, 1928, Britain is excluding pre servatives from food, and we must find some means of sending our but ler in as good condition as at presont over its long journey without any de terioration- t-Svith'oiit ''.preservatives.' The present -Commonwealth Govern ment hnsmade substantial improve ments In -this direction as in all the others named It first attacked ; the question of transport which !s one of the major factors in the total cost of production.. The l-'edi-ral Govern ment, has brought into being the Fed ?;i-nl Aid Uoads Board scheme which provides definite Federal assistance, supplement!!!! by Slate assistance, for lhe building of arterial and de velopmental roads to the o-:(ont of some CViOO.OOO a year for the next ten years. This aijtion .In, providing, good roads will hcip to shorten the lime that the cream is in transit and maintain, its quality. Proper reti'l KorntiiiK cars on our railways anil installation ot motor trains can also lesson the time of exposure, both ot cream and butter en route lo market. .The Government 'is -also attempt ing to cut the costs :if production by relief for taxation in every possible way whnro it touches the dairy farm. For instance, the inspection chareen in connection with grading have been. this, year, abolished, which will give the dairying industry a consider able annual saving. Laud taxation this year has been reduced by 10 pRf cent., and many anomalies in- its col lection and incidence have also been removed. Income taxation has, this year, been reduced by 10 per cent., and making, a reduction of ' 40 per cent during the life of the present Government. Three years' ago the income exemption was raised to £300' per year which, added to the liberalised reduction of £50 for each child, has placed many farmers cut side the range ot Federal Income Tax. Though, with the better price 1 hope dairy farmers, win get through the substantial assistance the Com monwealth Government has siven in many directions to tbe industry, their returns may yet be largely increased. Other concessions given in my last Budget will still probably keep the dairy fanner out of Federal Income' Taxation. For instance, deductions have been allowed from income of sums spent in the eradication of pests, in getting land ready for the plough, in draining, land, in destroy ing scrub ,ring barking timber, euc leering, etc.. losses on past years are aide to be deducted from future pro fits and substantial depreciation is permitted on improvements. Many item? .that, are essential to the dairy farmers! have been made free ot Cus tom's du:v, such as cream separators. Other reductions in cost of produc tion are possible by continual I in provements in factory management and the use of electricity. The gene ral development of electrical power ought to materially reduce. costs. Sov eral factories on the Clarence River have, in this way, almost: cut their power' by half. In addition, we must seek lo improve the output of butter per cow as we have the same over head costs for the. poor cow as for the good cow. To get anywhere in this connection it is no use trying to act blindly, we must know exactly what our cows are doing and tbe only thing that can toll us Is cow testing The Commonwealth. Government is willing to give Government aid tor -the. .creation of herd testing societies and to' offer subsidy of 3/6 per cow up to first .100 cows, and another 1/ per cow up to 1.000 tows. The State Governments are willing to give an equivalent amount. The various 1 Governments are willing to as sist aw ' well in the improve men I. of the -stock, by means ot bulls of good strain. Queensland for instance, is willing to pay half lhe actual cost of getting '.a bull of good strain on to the farm from a southern State. Though all farmers cannot take advantage of such offers, ;i. is 'hoped thai with the fillip given to the industry by , the increased duty (hero will be much more doue than in the past. Even if individual farmers cannot buy better bulls themselves'' the institution of co operation by bull clubs can enable much bettor slock to be bred. The dairying industry is, I have said, entitled; to sympathetic con sideration- from the Commonwealth 'Government and of tho. Governments of the Umpire because of its Import ance as an intensive form of agri culture; because ot its great national advantages; because it can help thfi redistribution of the population of the Empire; bocause.it gives essen tially , a. .safe Jiving' lo immigrants and; those' undertaking it. Our metli ods must ensure the maximum out put; tho highost quality: continuous Hiipply with the least working coats and the best mothods of distribution Balance' on . Last' Page. Primary Producers' Union Day (Continued from page 1). null marketing. The Australian Gov ernment has given the dairy l'lirmor.s the machinery ami I he, opportunity' Lo suixotitl- it.lii'i'j' pnilucteil tli« home market; has given very satis factory 'means of maintaining their place in llic London market; and lias assisted in obtaining preference in Dominion markets:.' Now ' ., whut is necessary is n complete 100 per cut. cooperation ot nil the individual units ot the industry lo command success in all the. essential points that 1 have mentioned. .We, as1,, a .Government,, 'make no apology for' doing those ? things for ihe dairying industry, concluded Dr. Pago. . It veiiuiros more moral cour age for -men like Sir. Bruce, Mr. Prat ton and others who represent city conslituoucies to stand up for the (id duty on hutlcr than it. does. for mo. Vou should give them tlieir full meed of praise for what they luivis done. .They believe that- tlioy nru carrying 'out a National duly- I am sorry that* Mr. Pratten is not hero to receive your personal thanks for en gineering Hie (id duty through .Par liament.''.'! think his work will be the roping slone to (he work done by f.ho Government, and that it will put the industry on the road to pros j purity. (Applause). AQDRESS BY MR. BRUNTNELL. The Hon. Albert Bruntnell (Chief Secretary) said that on his last visit to Taree , he was interested in Hie primest product of the district— Iho. boys and girls, ami lie did his best for I hem while ho was in ollico as Minister for Education. (Applause). This lime lie. was the Chief Socro. tii ry. and was 'viail.ing ?i.lie district with a view to seoiiu; it furthur de vuloiimenl euiiljl uol l-u mudo with yo Kurd lo I lie lisliuries and certain pro minent rosorls -which', bocmisy oE their natural .boauty, should be help od. lie was in full accord with the aims of I he Federal Government and was pleased to belong lo :i flovoru mem. which had seen I lie wisdom of combining Uiomj Corcuu reprcKeiitiiiR the whole Interests nl the Slate into. oho. harmonious. Government. The union of forces in tho N.S.W. Cabinet, as now consl ituled. was working \vell'i and promised to ' work well in the interests of the people as a whole. It K'.'eint'd' to him ' that cn-operation in all forms of lift1 was one of the; 1'iosL essential things that confronted thorn- There must 'lid wise coopora 1 ion between (lie groat interests nf Iho Stale. Ah one who was born and brought up in the country.- and who- had lo walk injies to school, he fell thai the interests of the primary pro ducers were paramount. _ night through: Australia . nioro .wise aiteii lion ha«l been given to tho develop ment of primary production than ovc-r before, and he hoped that it would continue. There vian no doulit I hat when Ihn Votlernl Oovei-nmo'iil, .after, a regimo of wise legislation, came, before the people it. would receive the same endorsement as it 'did on tho last occasion. (Applause); ?. 'He was not present to make any promises on behalf of his Government, but it was grappling with' many problem!;' and was doing it with a desire lo do (lie best - (o; bring about- ah era of: greater piosperily for the whole of the people. , il'J .congratulated'. Dr. Page for i.he great inteVi'st ho bad taken in, the p.'i'nary i'iiiluc rs and in helping lode«:io;- Uwni along wise lines.: Up assured him I hat the N.S.W. Governnieiu would b(! willing It: co-oiiftra'tc with liis Government in any wise move thai had for its aim the ilovolopniont of (.lie country. It was iihoul.liine tliey droppeil niauy of their minor differences and Iv.tntlcd themselves loecthor lo develop their wonderful country and make if. a country lik'¥ it ought to lie. fAp plause). MR. GRANT ON THE BUTTER ., DUTY. Mr. Patrick Grant (General I'resi denU or tlie P.P. Union) said thai he was plea.sed to see such a largo and roprcspntative gathering, and was sure that future years would bring far greater numbers- Tho origin of the mooting was at Caubarra. where, with the vice-president of the. Union (Mr. Gordon) ho went' lo' express thfi appreciation of the Union, for what tho federal Government hiiiV'done for' 'the dairying industry in raising tho import duty of butter from New Zea land from 2d to fid 11). That was a great increase, but they needed every penny of It. While at Canberra he asked Mr. Prat ten to como/along the North Coasl and assured him of a royal welcome. He said he would like to come, and the matter .was arranged. Mr. Pntersoii was also ask ed and Dr. Page' made the arrange ments. Messrs. Pralteu and Pater koii were asked because they helped in gelt Ing the' duty passed through Pavliamout- .' He had been prominent in l In1 dairy industry for a good many years, uiul'on every occasion' lie had to approach the Federal Government ho looked to Dr. Pago to introduce1 the mailer and -help thom-thTouBh. At a later date Air. Palorson came Into prominence anil his1 nuino and scheme were now' household words. About -three or four years. ago, In Melbourne,' a committee was'endea1 vouring lo get an intor- State stabili sation scheme into operation, but owing lo a certain clause in tho Con stitution they were unable.lo get it. In Iho- room ,was , Mr. Palorson, a member of the Federal Parliament, and he propounded lo those assembled The Patsrson scheme. When he had llnished he said, 'That js my idea. I cannot run it- You haveUlio organ!-', 'Ballon, and 'if it suits you you can b'ring it into operation.' The scheme lliid been brought. into operation and the dairymen had benontteii to' the I ONtent of '-4,000,000 in, the two years I it had been working. They did not find Mr.1 Prnlteu sympathetic to' tho scheme at first, but every time ho had met him since 'ho 'b'ecame more sympathftllc and helpful anil,' latterly; with Dr. Page aliel Mr. Palorson, he lind been' trying to' do his beijt los help (he dairy industry/ (Applause). He then asked for three cheers foi these three Ministers, .which were given with great enthusiasm. Continuing, Mr- (Irani, saitl I hut l.ht: Palorsou scheme lind given them I'd per !h. clear profit, oii their bill tcr during Die two years it had bei-n ii1 operation.- If- they look Ihe autragr jirice of butler at ]/I pur ').. they could ?say that. M of .'I had. been re i-olved through the I'ulertxm sehomo. Tiiis '? 2d rcspresenlod o:ie-oightli of the whole amount, or. 3/6 out of every .Cl cheque they received. Tho duly did not become fully operative yet, but would lie put on about Oth June next, lie thought thai, with further organisation, they would be n'.'lo (o add another Id; per II)- to the 'miter, which would then represent ::,?« out of .every £1 chcfiua. That was a good long, way to go. - They were anxious to provide an intor-State or ganisation lor the control of l-iill/ir and fixing of prices throughout the Conimoiiwenlf.li and if- thoy achieved that, objective. they would be able to give tho dairymen a litllo more. Tho I'.P.U. was gelling along very well. For the last two years thoy had add-' cd 2,:!00 now members. Their finan cial position was gocd, hut it was. not a fair tiling for any1 man to lake, ?advantage of thn .tilings.: other people were, paying for. He understood Hint ihere were still a few dairymen in the 'district who had been gelling that extra '2/6 out of every £1 for ?tho- last two years, and were letting their neighbours par tor it- It was ..a- .disgrace.- for any man to do that. He would like (he ladies to tell thoso men what they thought of them. (Laughter). Mr. Grant concluded by expressing his pleasure at being presont. ADDRESS BY MR. L. O. .MARTIN. M.L.A. Thu uhulrmuu,' in ciilliiiK on Mr. '-? O. .Martin, Member for Oxley, said 'tliuf Mr. Martin was well 'known lo Jheiii 'all. They were proud of tlio work he hail done since his election. (Applause). Ho had only been in the House a short time whoa he took a stand in (ho interests of iho dairy ing industry mid thoy knew that 3i-j would, work hard in the future, ' Mr. Martin expressed his delight at being, present and at hearing the .splendid things said by, Dr. Page mid other speakorn. lie comibcllod those present not lo put tholr faith in poli ticians — laughter — but to put faith in themselves.!. Tho , fanners had , been waiting for mere justice for years, and, because they had not said that llicy would not do without it. lUey bail 'only., got it , now. Why hud Iho Tariff wall risen?, Because they did not combine! They did not go to tho1 P.P-Ui 'offices and help to. build up the dairying industry to whal it ought to ue. In Dr- Page they had a represen tative who was always at tlieir com mand, but they had not taken advan tage of him. , Now there was an awakening along Hit' Coast. Ho ask ed them not to allow their prpwenl enthusiasm and demand - for justice to die out. Do not be content with (i'd .... ... I duly, but ask for nothing less than that received by Ihe secondary in iliislrict;. If those industries rKcisivcd a protection nf ?'-'.! per cent., tlu.-n the dairy men wanlr.d Ml pc.r cent. Ur. fast! would .gel- il for (hem ir Mi'.'.v iiKked liim iind no one woult! question their richl to Ir.ivt: il II was l.huir owii-'ciitii!, and Iliey siiouhl stand be hind (hose wlio were trying '-- I'1'!1 them. Mr. ?(?riinf luid. drawn1 ' alien ?t ion to the shirker who did not pay ti-lhe P.I'. Union. 'Recently, the in dustry had forced on it a wages board and t:onfiliation committee w;i- .'.eiit along Ihu coast lo iry lo make IIiu' dairymen work in harmony with those they employed, lie went lo I lie silling at Kempspy, anil they de manded tilings that wore impossible. That was in September last. He would like to tell them that, it' it. had not been for the P.P. Union, repre sented by Messrs. Grant and Dun lop, the dairymen would have had ?forced on thorn an award which would ;havo ruined tho industry. U was mean lo let them do that work and Jiol get behind them. A good many men went from the Manning at their own expense .to put. the actual tacts before the committee. Those facts were so overwhelming that the board did not attempt to sit again. When they sat again ' the chairman would not have the castinc: vote as he had ;at Kempsey, and he would not be 'able lo determine for the dairymen what they wore to do on their own i farms. The mailer would now eo before a 'tribunal of three judges un floss Messrs Gordon and .Grant agreed lo the requests on behalf of the dairymen. He was not paying any thing against unions; but Ihe umpire lot the committee- dial sat at Kemp ;st-y was (lie socntary ot a minini! union rrom.Nowcaslle, and il was his work to selll.o diueroncos in Hit1 'dairying industry- Thoy now hurt a bjmniilltollr Government in Hip Stale, and also for Iho Common wealth:1: If they tried hard1 enough il would nol lit' lon^ Iietoro lliey receiv ed 1/6 as' the minimum factory pay. They wore _ entitled to very much more:' limn: that. Thoy; would not be able lo work up to it all al once, but they should not relax their efforts until they got It. and when. Ihey did got il I hey should see that they re tained it. The primary producers were entitled', lo certain conditions .of living. A lot of I hem liked to live in the country. Thero were disabi lities, hut they tried to overcome them and minimise them as' much as possible. They should romomber that .there, was' no difference between the labor of those in Iho country and the skilled labor that was paid .Cl. :;0/ or even £2 per day in the city. Therewas no difference in their capl lal and city capital and if lliolr wives and children helped them, on tho farm they should be paid for (hoir work. The farmer should- receivo sulllcie'nt for his product to enable him to pay bio family for Iheir work. If that was donp Ihe young J'olk would not bt- wanting to rah away to Ihe .?lly. If Ihey received nothing less than others received il would lift iho industry to a better plane than other industries, because thoy saved bet ter Minn oily people; i\o one coiiht' tlvny thiiw Klalumenth I)-;i-iuiku lliey ? worn justice. The CSovonimeul j-t N.S.W. could not e-ist lor one mom i-ni if [I d'.tl not have tho support of Hie representatives or l.lio dairy Tar mers. wlni const illH oil 2f- per cent- of' Hie Ctovcrnmii'iil. Th';y wanted . fair :trealinent, both for tliemselves ami others. TIir P.l'.U. Day had' been created and ho was sure (hat he voiced -the opinions of I host! . present when ho said that they, were grateful lo both legislature* for what had been done for -the industry. They should slauil by Messrs. Diiulop and Grant and .tho . factory . managers should refuse lo take the cream of llioso who do not pay into the union. That ..could be done. El was not much and was little .compared with ihe tremendous advantages received They had enormous advantages under iho Federal Credit System. Let them lift I.he industry lo the place it ought to occupy. anil make the countryside the attractive place to live in that it could bo it they put their minds to the industry. ADDRESS EY GENERAL \- SECRETARY. Mr. M. P. Dunlop .(General Secre tary of the P.P. Union) said that ho came vnder tho delusion that' tho function was a basket picnic, and he did not expect .to have . lo make- a speech. However, ho was glad lo meet so many old friends and tako part in ihe first. P.l'.U.' Day celebra tion and to support wlmt Mr. Gruu! h.id said wilh regard lo the assist iiiuso ? recoived from Dr. Page. Ho was iiIkii j-'ii'.tl . io K'!« Mr.' Hriintnoll prosonl for, wlwn he was- MiuiHler for Education, lie gave sympathetic consideration lo any .school matter I bat was brought bi- fore iiim. lie also thanked Mr. Martin for tho great help lie had given while Hie concilia tion committee waa sitting in Koinp sdy. The A.W.U. men on the board wei'O trained to tho job. 'hut with. Mi'. Martin's help, tho Industry . canio, ow- on top. . If ft. was possililo to got him to como down the South Coast ho thought they would finish Iho job. He -did nol think they had ni'icli'lo fear undor- the new legislation. - The Sd duty wsis not all the battle, for thpy could not get a duly against tho ?other Stales of tho Commonwealth. They should lie able lo enter Into an -agreement, whereby a stop could bo put to- (ho rnidins of the N.S.AV. market. Mr. Grant was 'going to Vic toria lo sop il ho could stop Hint, Stale from raiding I ho .\T.S.AV7 market. Thai had been going on. for a' num ber of years. Mr. Grant and tho speaker wore on Mio committees which adjustod the ' prices in N.S.W , and (hoy knew (hat. :i drop in price was generally influenced by butter from ?c-llier Slates, if n commonsGhso ai1 rangeiuenl was iiiade lo slop tin: biilii'i1 from coniiiu1, In from yiclorlM be suggested that a statue of Messrs. Grant and Gordon bo made. OPERATION OF BUTTER. DUTY. Mr. Albert Whatsou (chairman of directors of the M.H, Dairy Co:) said ihal' lie was impressed . with Dr. Piuw's siiuocli which brought, home lo them Iho racl. that the Federal Government wan doing a lot for Hie industry. It. seemed a, pity that the tlul.v could not have been brought Into effect al. once, but this was 'pre vented by' Hie reciprocal treaty, lie Iweeii Now Zealand and the Common wealth. ? He thought that the New I Zealand Government should have given llieiii some consideration in vie.w of thti wheat, agreement. The butler Ihal. caino from Now Zealand was brought in by people who reaped tin; advantage ot the extra price. The producers of New Zealand re ceived no bonolit from it. In view of tills lie moved thai this gathering expresses its satisfaction with the in creased duly on 'butter and chooso imported into the . 'Commonwealth, and its appreciation' of tho action, of the .Federal Government. Tho gath ering further expresses its earnest desire I hat a Federal Minister shall JDuriicy.-t'o Now Zealand to negotiate for the General consideration of the treaty and for the duty to operate before the expiration of Hip six months' notice. The motion was seconded by Mr 'AIpx. Cameron (Socrotaiy to tho District Council)1 who said that, after i;lio treatment- accorded lo New: Zea land it was up to them fo agree to shorten, the. period for tho opera tion of Mis butler duty. The specu lators in N.P.W. and New Zealand were tho only ones who were receiv ing any benefit from if. Ho thought it was a reasonable request and was sure that tlif producers r.r New Zea land would not object;* Tho ''motion was unanimously car ried- VOTE OF. THANKS ;TO SPEAKERS., Mr. A. Mc.M. Singlplon moved a vote of Ihnnks lo I bo speakers and Haiti that Mr. Martin bad struck tins rightt note when he said that they wore only asking for Justice. As tboy paid an Australian price for thoir re iiuircmenls, il was only justirc that they, should receive an Australian price for -llioir products- 'if Hiuy kept on asking for 'thai the very justice of it would boconio widely, known and 1 ho principle would.be adopted. Tho secondary industries, which were spoon-fed, depended for their pros perity on the purchasing power of Hie primary producers. Tho motion was seconded by Mr. Henry Palersbn (of ? the Wallamba), vhosaid thai, ho was specially .ijloas cd lo hear Dr. Page's address and IHii-Ucnlai'lv about (he deductions thai could now bo made for. income Ian purposes. ITp did nol think that so many tilings could be deducted. Parliament , had givon them tho machinery and il remained for 'them to .do tho work., The vote of .thanks was carried by neehiiimlioii. Dr. I 'nue rcs-ondi'd and said that lie- could sec no reason ? why . there uhould be any difllcully. with Now Zealand- II. was close to N.S.W. and so similar in production that it was really in the same_ position to N.S.W. as Victoria was. There hIiouIiI lie as nmrh co-oporal ion between Nr-w Zea land and Australia as between N.S.W. and i.ho oilier Stales.' They sent their bill tor al 'Hie ssune linn: to London, and could ruin each oilier il Hieyvlflicd. If someone could bo sent lo Now Zealand to put Hit: Auslr;; linn point of view, and the faci thai the New Zealand entry on to I.ho N.S.W. markel destroyed 'Hit-- lit I If bit of justice (hoy were getting for the. .first lime, ho was sure ihal. Iho '(?o-operallon of .W.w Zealand could be secured, and also co-operation be tween I.ho two export control boards It those I wo boards worked loKcf'inr he Iliouglil limy would lie able lo get more out of tho London markel W'lmii the Now Zealand Minister for Trade was over, recout.ly hi; (thu speaker) put the point to him ami | he said lie was satisfied that, the New Zealand farmcr.s realised the in jury Hie New Zealand 'trade wns do ing the. N.S.W. farmers. He .hoped they could induce one of their repre sentatives to put the ease lo .Now Zealand in a fair way. He thought it would do. a 'great amount of good in connection with all .future opera lions. Mr. Grant moved a vote of thanks to Hie chairman (Mr. F. Ur.dmaiO. which' was seconded l-y Mr. Martin and carried by acclamation, Mr. Redman's response terminated the formal portion of Iho function. 