Migration Problems Claims of Nordic Races The desirability of Introducing Germans, , Norwegians, Swedes, "and other peoples of tho Nordic race Into Australia for tho purpose of develop- ing tho country was emphasised by Mnjor-Gencral R. Spencer Browno In a lecturo on "Tho Foreign Element in Australia," at the Brisbane Women's Club last night- He said that everybody was aware of tho discussions which wero taking place In various pnrts of Australia as to whether tho futur; migration of tho country was to be polygenctlc or whether It was to bo of people mainly of British derivation. The aim In Australia was not that population should build . up entirely from the British Isles hut for the maintenance of the British blood preponderance. In. that, was Involved not only a national but an - economical problem. Tho establishment In Australia of peoplo of the Nordic races did not involve any departure from the British blood sentiment Tho British Isles from tho early times were In vaded by the wild virile people from across tho North Ben, nnd It was these invasions that made the British a great raco. From his point of view the talk of raco pUrlty by tho British was either affectation or pettiness. .They, might vlow tho Nordlo races and find that the northern Italians, and some of tho Spnnlards; ..Greeks, nd' many of tho Balkanpeoples dld.not show any. lm- porthMyi "physiological - 'change; ! Tho Mcdlterrnftfean peoples were 'European politically," but racially they wero different. Racially, tho Nordlo races should;, bo welcomed, . and especially the Scandinavian and German peoples. Politically tho question of assimilar- tlon had to be considered. People who settled In Australia with the deter mination of retaining their original nationality were not desirable. From tho Scandinavians there was nothing, to bo feared. Tlicy did not come In large numbers and they became Australians, nnd their children, and their children's children were out and out Britishers. At the present tlmo thero wore ap proximately 4,074 Danes, Norwegians, nnd Swedes In Australia, but he wished that it wero expanded to many thou sands. Thero was no fear of the ques tion of absorption by tho Scandi navians. The number of unemployed amongst their numbers could be counted on one's Angers. They went on to tho land and worked it with a sturdy independence. Generally they were people with a decent education, especially the' Danes, and It had been well observed that every Danish woman was a lady and every Danish man a gentleman. The Germans who came to Australia generally became British In a genera tion or two. Ho advocated tho re sumption of migration from Germany, for thero were no better Bottlers In Australia than the Germans, At tho end of last year there were about 4,800 Gormans In Australia. It was a small "figure, and ho would like to sco many more than that number settled here. Those who know the history of tho Lookyer, tho Logan, nnd other dis tricts realised whnt Gormnn settlers had dono and what they had been. Tho greatest movement of popu lation In Australia sinco the Chinese Invasion of the gold periods had been that of the Italians. In the census of 1921 It was shown that tho Italians In Australia who wero born In Italy and not in Australia were 4,903. At the end of last year the figure was 28,023. Probably tho greater propor tion of those peoplo camo to Queens land and engaged In tho sugar In dustry, It had been said that the sugar Industry was passing Into tho hands of tho Italians. If so, It was because of their Industry In tackling the problems of agriculture. So far the extent as to how much they would nsslmllnlo nnd merge into tho popu lation could not bo judged. There could bo no objection to tho coming in of tho northern Itnlians and especi ally tho Lombardlnns, but It was un disputed that many of tho southern Italians who come to the country were different in their racial origin. So fnr tho danger of Iho establishment of Itullnn colonics In the country had not been realised. Tho speaker also mentioned the Russians, Czuchosluvuklnns, and Yugo Slavs ns desirable Immigrants. A vote of thanks to the lecturer wns proposed by Mrs. McFnrlnnc nnd carried by neelumatlon. 