RESTORING HILL FARMS. GIPPSLAND PROPOSALS. GROUP SETTLEMENT FAVOURED. Help From Migration Loan. Urgent appeals were made directly to the Minister for Lands (Mr. Bailey), when he visited Traralgon and Mrs well, to invest public money, in reviving the dairying industry in the adjacent hill districts of Cal- signee and Jeeralang. Large sums have already been spent there in constructing the most remarkable cordon of main and developmental roads found in the State. Ledges of perfectly gi called and evenly sur- faced highways wind around the precipitous sides of a rough circle of volcanic mounds and pinnacles about, 3 miles south of the main Gippsland line. from the higher viewpoints immense stretches of grassy and cultivated plain can be seen westward towards Dandenong, and southward as far as the Ninety Mile Beach. To the east AVil son's Promontory can he laid gely seen standing up from the sea. cattle- raising and dairy farming have been carried on here for 40 or 50 years on steep slopes, and in a maze of deep glens reminiscent of the Scottish Highlands. But the task of clearing up the forests proved as great for one generation; it was complicated by an intrusion of bracken, and later the bared land was overrun by rabbits which nibbled the newly planted grass in successful competition with the cattle for which it was intended. To-day bracken cutting and rabbit trapping occupy far more of the settlers' time than dairying. In the course of this unprofitable conflict the residents cried out for roads to give them easy access to the markets so that they might be saved the drudgery and waste of time involved in transporting their province by pack horse along the bush tracks, "nails of the finest quality and speedy for' vehicles are now at their service, it the result has not been increase of Population and of production is promised. On the contrary, the easy highways and the speedy, modern vehicles have been used to enable many families with their goods and stock to go from the hills, leaving the victorious rabbits in command. Delights for Motorists. Lately touring motorists have discovered new and interesting toutes through these dcsolatehillH, and have praised the Country Roads Board for the spectacular trips it has provided along the saddles of the ranges; Driving along the perilous edges of dizzy hillsides, with rock-hewn banks on one side and almost perpendicular falls many hundreds of feet deep on the other, affords thrills not to he found a level high- ways. The removal of the forest leaves clear views of marvellous expanse and rare beauty" But the pioneers who spent their lives in cutting the priceless timber to gain pastures, and the industrious board which sank tens of thousands of pounds in carving out, the mountain highways, did not in their most benevolent moments' intend to make a tourist' playground. Their seem- ing kindness in this regard, it is to he feared, was not intentional. Their labour and money were given to make a prosperous rural district. The failure in that respect is a calamity far' exceeding any possible recompense from the joy of the wandering motorist, as he slips round the costly, hairpin bends and gazes on the ma Bessie views free of charge. - a The position is viewed with pain also by the local councils which have to maintain and pay interest on the cost of hundreds of miles, of picturesque line profitless high- ways.' The ratepayers) no longer swing their axes in the mountain-, hut toil less heroic- ally, but more profitably, in the plain country, and grumble when they pay rates which go towards keeping motor tracks for city holiday . makers In the abandoned mountain country. Uren the thought that a few rabbit trappers in the deserted hill pastures find the roads comfortable for transport is not consoling to those who foot the bill and get none of the benefits. Old Labour in Vain. As an example of the best laid schemes of men ganging ugley the situation in these scenes of labour in vain cannot remain neglected. The loss of interest on capital , cost is very heavy, and the failure to make effective use of rich soil and lavish rainfall has caused a concerted effort in Traralgon and Morwell and the surrounding districts to revive settlement in the hill pasture land. A handful of old settlers' families who have clung to their hill hold . . ings have joined in. the movement. After some years of persistent effort those forces . have moved the Closer Settlement Board and the Development and Migration Com ! mission to take joint action to put people and stock on the empty holdings. It has been discovered that the Development and Migration Commission has power to fill once a loan out of the British migration agreement fund for such a purpose. It is generally believed that the rough work ahead is not such as can he commended to inexperienced migrants, and it is proposed to enlist young Australian formers. Generally the spirit of the migration loan agreement implies that it-hero advances are made, 80 percent, of the employment shall. be given to immigrants. But a recent alteration of the pact pennies that the money may be used on developmental work, employing the most suitable type of settlers for the work in hand' . Apportioning the Land. At Callignee and Jeeralang the first task will be to have an expert examination made of the soil to determine its qualities. The best land nearest to the existing roads within the first offered to settlers. Then the good land away from the roads will be served with new branch roads, and afterwards notice available. Finally, as settlement on the' more favoured areas becomes well established, areas of second and third grade land will be opened up. The hill tops generally have the richest soil, and as the main and developmental road systems wind around the ridges or saddles of the range flesh farms should be opened on these conveniently situated patches without much delay. The of m mers will be under the direction of the Closer Settlement. Board, which is determined that resettlement on the hills shall be a concerted operation. To defeat the rabbits and the bracken the attack must be made and maintained in massed formation. The new settlers will not be stultified by the isolation which broke the hearts of those who have gone before. Along the beautifully surfaced highway they will be able to keep in constant touch with each other shot ing the use of cultivating machinery and generally working together and creating social inter- course. Having in view the rich development that has taken place on somewhat similar broken country in the adjoining area of Poowong, it is believed that the modern resettlement of this equally fertile though more rugged country can be made permanent. Liberal Terms for Blocks. The terms on which the land is to be made available are trained to give the settler financial ease and succour in the earlier stages of his enterprise when he most needs help. For the first 10 years he will pay no interest. After that he begins a term of 30 years paying off the price of the block by easy instalments. Still more helpful is the provision of the Mountainous Lands Settlement Act by which, during the last period of occupation, the settler is paid regular allowances for the improvement of his property. His repayment of these advances is spread over the 'war years period. It is proposed also to advance is our £2.10 to £350 to each settler for a house on his block. . Those terms, the Minister explained, are possible because the land in the hills can he had cheaply today. Much of it. which is in the hands of mortgagees, bus at present a nominal price of from 12 to 2 3/)0/ an acre fixed upon it. No doubt the most gagees have been willing to sell isolated blocks to settlers at those prices but isolated attempts sit farming are eschewed by' experienced spent in the locality, who agree with the Closer Settlement Board that only by group settlement can the hill area be safely reoccupied. About 30 j young men. when they heard the east terms of resettle about purchase announced handed in their names as applicants for blocks In allotting the lines the Government will grant intituled areas of about 150 bales 1 speech c shows that the most li larger area- el wanted in the past were too great for the men to 1 keep clean Wire netting it will be made it ailable on the easiest tell us and a special type of plough will be at into toinniixMou to cut of white down the bucket I though the guiding role of the author who- it pies in sculls to be that the hill- are most suitable for dancing there are the-e wh> tonten 1 that sheep and cattle grazing world 1 produce better results with, less effort Value of Danish Settlers Mlhoiigh local farmers are preferred to immigrants for UHR special class of settler ment it is recalled that the most successfull cattle farmers in the Gippsland hills were Dines and Norwegians In fact the descendants of the early Danish settlers of Poowong (still retain some of the most t finalize and highly developed farms in the whole of Gippsland's the Full blocks are to be thrown open to all conlon s it would not be surprising if some of the Danish families took up land When the chain of mountain highways tins made by the Country Roads Board it was believed that these loads would serve for the transport of produce from the hills to the prospects e outer port of A\ Welsh pool But Traralgon and Morwell residents believe that their respective towns will have to serve as business centres and railway depots for the hill coun- to until the port of Welshpool T atcnnliscs and they are preparing to meet all demands for some years to come Large Funds Available No definite estimate can yet be made of the prospective cost of this elaborate plan of resettlement But the funds available under the British Australian Alteration or cement, are not extensive The whole fund is stated to be £14 000 000, but a still larger amount can be found if Aits tralia responds to the financial support with large development The money is available for 10 years at the low interest rate of 12 per cent If it can be show is that C2JO0O0 may, be effective spent in this beautiful but backward hill cou nil j the amount will not embarrass the lenders and Victoria up to the present has not received an adequate share in these loans although it has received a steady stream of immigrants since the armistice The fact that settlers are cut up the State for cheap land elson hole has stirred the authorities to view- favourably any ways and means that can be advanced to retain young men in the country. The cheap migration torn and the accessible rich and low priced lands of Callignee and Jeeraling are now under study as opportunities for stopping the drift 