[teaching agriculture LISMORE SCHOOL WANTED P.P.U. PRESIDENT'S VIEW The following paper .was read by the president -; (Mr. F. Crowther) -.vat-.a (meeting of the. Lisniore P.P.U.-on -'Fri day. Mr. Crowther put forward, a strong plea for the establishment of mi agricultural school at Lisniore In the issue of the "Northern Star" of February 9, under the head ing of "Rural School," appears some ^comment, evidently giA^en by the head •master of the Rural School. With re gard to the agricultural .section Mi"'. Clout's figures do not bear, out the claim made for the establishment of a State Agricultural High School, - or college, in this ...district., Last ,y;ear -two boys took the third year,.agricul tural course, and: one did not remain for the. year. The present year com . mcnced witli one third year student. It is very evident that commercial ! life and trades appeal. to par I ents as >affording more promising ; openings than agriculture, and no argu ment j based 011 figures from countries . with many millions of inhabitants to Australia'^ oLi million can overcome , the example these' solitary students | give. Why the military authorities j do not use the same arguments I do ; not know. • That two lads left, the .farm last' year to join the navy, the parents : preferring a naval course. I could • sum the matter up in very few words, and use the above statements t.o "li£ar.; out .the assertion that :I made before: —that to take the Lismore Rural School as an example, agricultural training is a farce, and the very fact of fanners not sui)porting it bears out my statement. I am going'to use an old proverb, '' Teacll a5; wise, man,"and he will increase in learning," and I feel sure by the time I have finished.'' with the subject under discussion it^ will have its effect, and those, at pre sent in opposition will lend their sap---: port, r will go so far with them to say, however, that there are a great number of parents as well as boys and girls who are not interested in farming, for this reason : They arc kept from .getting a', decent living ( through competition with , other' coun tries Avith their millions. THE FARMER'S BURDENS While the commercial and trades;or industrial sections—in fact all—with the exception of the. primary producer" —are walled in against price or Avage competition, _and because of this Goy ermnent spoon feeding to give coni •fort,, protection, and everything. that goes to make life worth Avhile, he (the farmer) cannot see Avhy. he should.bear all the burden of rates, taxes, and J.in-. creased cost of everything and not be given the same conditions as others with their trades and commercial schools. lie is sick of being the' back bone of the counti'y for ; the sake of having his -vitality sapped and bled' into slavery, so those from, the.-farm avIio -would be likely to clamour' fori .toAvn or city opportunities and equal facilities for enjoyment point to the injustice going, on in the farming community being used to suppaviaaiu^ boar the burden to build up these fine edifices at his expense, Avhile" 1ns ■ children are denied the right JcxiOAy i-'iodge in the "agricultural school unless \;it the farmer's expense in town^or., •city. ■ - . . ." ' I can teU you of young ;ni'eii''iAVhtd have learned their trade and, passed^ Iheir commercial course, and" arc back on the farm, and of school teachers, also, so that it cuts both ways, and it Avould liaAre been better had they | been given the opportunity of; agri cultural knowledge. , Look .at your city dailies and see the .great, nurii | bur of. unemployed, tradesmen and commercial men and women. Compare j these numbers Avith farmers,; and sec which is the most stable, industry, and which commands, the greatest -consid eration. A man, Avomari, or youth may. go out of a. commercial or trade posir Lion—their'place-is filled—but men or Avonien or youths going off the - land ineaus that there is so much less pro ' ductiou, consequently less' production means higher eost of living and a: national loss. LOSSES SUFFERED ..,;i Then again through lack of know ledge farmers average a loss- of £20 per annum through disease, pests, fod der consen-ation, . etc.' To 4000- far mers that, loss Avould mean. £80,000. That in itself is an enornious loss, but through dissemination of disease, the increase of posts, the improvement- 'of the land, the Avages of unemployment^ the increased cost of living through loss of products,-stock, etc/Fathom it if you can and try and estimate" the huge State and national loss, arid you will find that .it Avould pay many times 0Arer to build many agricul tural schools to save this vrast Avaste"; and give better- conditions to j the farmer and -employment' to the .un employed, resulting' in revenue to the State and National Treasury. This again shows the great necessity there is so that the trades and commercial: schools may be kept in existence, and not to alloivin this north-eastern por tion any calamity to occur in the agri cultural, and dairying industry^ through: lack of knowledge in competition Avith the world. Then the trades and 'commercial side of the ' question is dealt- Avith. f, am sure that this branch ' is;:iri fcho building up of the commercial and trades schools, but its dependency is solely on the cattlc and' pigs of this great area, and it is our 'desire that the teachers avIio have qualified may impart their agricultural" arid''dairying knowledge to those Avho need it most, and that they should, not bc kept in a building instead of',giving a practical demonstration on. broad acres under modern conditions 'Avitli cattld, ■ imple ments, machinery, ete., and all that goes-to make it Avorth'while, and,repay them for ' tlidir- interest- arid" sacrifice to obtain the necessary 'kridwlcdge. ' ' BRANCH COMPLIMENTED, It may be the business, of the head master to speak on-:behalt? ;of 'those :in (lie department, >andvto object- to any matter that may reflect on the pro gress of • the JSTol',th Coast, in.-its' edjir cational - facilities '..or requirements.' ■ I do not. know if it is so, but' here.- I might say that- this- branch has been complimented.by several -teachors—-men with a practical -knowledge1 of i-the-'.re quirements of the North Coast—by many prominent; men of Sydney Avhose export: knowledge - is -. > second to npne, and by ..other ;gentlenien •avIio ; travel every farm in the district andiiwlio have a practical as we]Las theor etic.al knowledge of the argicultural industry. 11' the headmaster is. speaking for tlie' department, lioweA-er, then this branch is taking up the matter for the Avel fareof the young poopie and adults,' for modern agricultural instruction is essential for both, and as practical men knowing the requirements of the district Ave are perfectly justified in seeking to hg,ve our claims carried into effect. To use two students as proof against a school in beyond com prehension, for it has been proved the world over tliat^ a very*, low percentage ;bf those .reaxed.in towns or . cities ever take to farming, or make good in same.: • .Therefore, it is quite easy,to under stand why only a few boys would; seek the small amount of agricultural -knowledge available :at a rural school; -in town or city. . . ■i Again, itlie. report stated that no .arguments based on; figures of other; ^countries, with millions of inhabitants .to Australias small population, can overcome the fact of those solitary students. We are sorry that we are "evidently, slipping back further than we knew, from millions to thousands. 'It's a matter , of .making the,'amount fit.the case, large or small, as re quired. This again . is one of the strong arguments .for the -'establish ment- of the agricultural school.. TO MEET COMPETITION . That in the strenuous competition of the world, to-day the young and the adults, in .one of the • greatest dairying centres of the world, with the . most up-to-date factories of the world, that rank amongst the largest and. have the greatest turnover in the world, .to gether with cane, bananas, cattle,, pigs, aorses, etc., haye not. one millionth of a chance to compete against the strenu ous competition, because of' the lack of. means-..wheroby-to obtain, the neces sary practical, scientific and economic agricultural knowledge, to cut eosts, and hold their own in the world's battle. . ~; ? The countries with the millions have not only the necessary scientific know ledge and modern appliances for the farm placed at their disposal, but they also have, cheap transit, cheap inter est, .up-to-date and the easiest acces sible ports—the last named is another neglected matter on. the North Coast— modern agricultural engineering, which not only gives them an advantage '.in knowledge, but in our isolation,- heavy transit costs, lack of up-to-dpte ameni ties these advantages become the profit of other countries before we have com menced competition with them. , We are. led to accept that, the young people are only interested in commer cial or trades life, and that it appeals to.parents as offording more promising otpenings. • f . ' ALWAYS MISFITS ' X think we all agree it is no use trying to put a 6 feet post in a . three inch hole. There will always be what are called misfits, or -young, people drifting and seeking other avenues of employment. This occurs in all walks ,of life, but. to try and. assert that' tiio f.uture. of the great dairying, and agri cultural industry, is a dying, industry and will flicker out with tlie .present' generation, is . absolutely*. absurd. Let us put the subject of agriculture oil a true basis, and assess its Value with that of , any other . industry in this portion of the State,, and ask which lias the greatest value for investment, that warrants the greatest assistance, and it can be truthfully stated with out fear of contradiction that there, is more capital invested, more taxes and rates collected in and i'rom the dairying and agricultural land than in all the commercial or secondary in dustries combined., and they are here as a result of dairying, v _ Add to this stock, factories, crops, premises, machinery, implements, together with those directly and in directly employed 'in . the industry, .and ; the value of such also considered, it might be asked whore does tlic out side, trade and commercial side stand alongside dairying ? Keep oil treating it in the manner it has been .treated jO'f .-late .years, .neglecting to give thp necessary' requirements, for' progress •and the welfare of this portion of the_ State; agricultural schools, port's, railways; etc., v and it '. rnejins sudden death.-; to the commercial and, trade course", unless it is done—for. the. sake ■of turning , , out ; skilled unemployed such as parade the streets'of the towns and cities to-day.. What we are ask ing is that justice and fair play : to the farming: community will.be, given, and also the opportunity to have the necessary essentials of. farm life .tp make it interesting hero as in other parts of the world. i - . • JUST AS KEEN To show that young .men-, are just as- interested in ..the land to: day, as ever yo.u need: only look at the. land ballots,' or take. Canada's calling for immigrants, in London. It was proved that the greatest response ..to .the call was frpni young men who had been raised, on the farm, and when oppor tunity presented itself for them to •have" have a- farm of their , own' and make good they willingly accepted the privilege. . . . , \- I think we, are all pleased, to see that, .the heads, are beginning to feel (the ,pinch, and that the department is condescending to allow J;lie, employees of the factories on the North Coast to receive education "on ,a "scientific basis iiiithe treatment of dairy products, in stead. , of having to go; to Ilawkesbury College as previously. The very fact of this shows . the. nepd of the agii" cultural, seliool) so that not only em ployees, b^it that sons and ..daughters and parents will receive .the necessary fti&wled;'ge in daii^y ...bacteriology | and, first- hand. knowledge of till their primary. products;. ! Again Ave-.ask, if there, is no need for an agricultural school, why is an at tempt made to teach and induce elu.l , dren to attend, the: Rural . ..School, if none arc interested ? and befoi e this branch took the matter up . it is .ques tionable if very many know that agri .'cultural theory was on the curriculum, • and how can any student be inter ested' if there are no practical and modern means of demonstrating agri cultural or .dairy knowledge ? DISTRICT SCHOOL WANTED Where arc . the parents that are going to allow tlicir sons to go where up practical means - exist for. gaining a thorough knowledge in agricultural pursuits, or to be sent away from home hundreds of miles, when tlie proper place is where the industry^ is and not in the environs of a city like Sydney, finally adding to the millions? It must be conceded by our opponents that this portion of the State can not only produce sonic of the finest, of children in physique, Nimbin show for example, but has the finest climate in tlie world, from' a dairy standpoint, where cattle tho year round can enjoy tlie fresli open, air and suii. ^ ,l:I,am no.w gPlng to .refer to. a church that has .a. grea,ter ,;faith ands foresiglit than - the. Educational. .. Departniqnt in. this great agricultural .and dairying, portion of .the. State, and: . who .are launching, out to, take the opportuni ties open to establish an, agricultural, school. ■ i For they- know that these in- j dustvies will flourish when pessimists have long been laid to rest. To. have a narrow, mind always causes . suspic ion of the success of any undertaking, but this church .will surely set, the greater part, of this aside . when it is known that they" are prepared to. spond £40,000 to equip the'^school with modern- and scientific appliances, and are: having'their "meii trained in a hiod'erri mariner to impart vthe- practical and necessary knowledge to the •students who take advantage of same. * GREAT DRAWBACK ...The great drawback is that all do not see c-ye.tc& eye in ehnich. and edu cational matters, and it simply means that the parents who disagree in this matter can either allow their children to drag along, in tlie present state, of tilings, with no chance of a modern agricultural education; or allow them to drift to the city-by way of a eom imercial or trade course. I would" not be surprised if told that the agitation of the Lismore branch of the union struck the keynote for the church to establish an agricultural school, when it is looked at from" a commonseuse point of view, and knowing that the young Australian is handicapped in his competition .with other parts of the world. We have been dealing vory much of late years with fodder conservation, but where on>the North Const are the opportunities - to- dry and conserve hay by a f heated process, such as- is used in other parts of the world, regard less of weather conditions?. CONVENIENCES LACKING Whore is the convenience of farm life such as the other countries .enjoy, and.-which-arc denied the right to"] follow 1 Take - one State only of America—Wisconsin—a quarter of the farm homes are equipped with furnace heat and ■ power- washing1 machines ; one-fifth have ^radio, and nearly as many are. equipped; with electric light. A report. from 16000 ; school districts covering a total of 52,757 farms shows that 17 per cent, .of the farms are equipped with electric light, 13 per eent.. use .electric powder, 9 per cent, receive their electricity from home plants, 20 per cent, have, radio sets,-25 per cent, have power, washing mach ines in their farm homes, 24 per cent, has furnace heat, 14 per cent, have piped running water in their kitchens, 30 per cent with it running into barns, 11 per cent, have bath tubs, 7 per •cent, hot water running in their kitchens. - ' - Prom this, no doubt, the interest and comforts, made possible by those in authority together with their thou sands of agricultural, scliools, explains the reason for hundreds of thousands of boys and girls taking'an interest in their agricultural clubs, and schools. .Agricultural engineering is giving the farmer a cut in costs equal to 25 per; cent., which means 25 per cent, profit before we start. .• BROUGHT PROSPERITY It is bringing to the farmer pros perity by greater crop production with loss labour and costs. In the other countries because of their wide know ledge they take a long and ••intelligent view, and- look upon their agricultural schools as money well spent, so much so that they are setting aside year by year huge sums of money for-scientific investigation and research work.; Here on the North Coast-we are supposed, to drag along and bear tlie! burden, sit quiet and wait until the millions come. Drawing my remarks to a close you, gentlemen^ who were present when Mr. Marks, of Grafton 'Experiment Farm, was addressing the students on maize, and spoke'of the number of pests the farmer has to contend with, know that lie adv.ised .the students .to have a museum and see the great and varied number that' it- .was possible- to col lect. Prom till is it will be readily seen the necessity of an agricultural school oil the North Coast, where all the various diseases, pests, etc., eould be studied with an end in view— their eradication. , SUBJECTS TAUGHT ;. In. other' parts:>of the world where first class information-is given to the students - it is under the following headings Dairy. (Jiemistry, dealing with' dairy prodlcts;- dairy bactcriol ogy, dealing with bacteria in milk, cream, -etc.; -husbandry j dealing- with growing crops and silage crops, mix tures,^ cte. ; jagricultitral botany, deal ing .mth i d&Veiopmcnt; lof new and rc sclected varieties of crops, seed test ing, etc.; : agricultural engineering, dealing with farm machinery and im plements; parasitology, dealing with the •tropical - and sub-tropical pests in farming; plant pathology, plant dis eases; animal pathology, . animal dis eases chemistry of the soil, manures, etc.; soil and plant, nutrition.• r have named sufficient to show the great ; need of the school, and those who know anything of Danish history realise we .are in" the -same position' as that country was 50 - y.ears. ago. It jvas the agricultural school that r.howed them how to hold their own and compete against other parts of the world. They had to adopt modern methods or go down', and if the old parts - of .the „world. have to keep abreast -of ^.the.- time's,* to compete wit'lt each other-with. the. markets at, their doors, ;then itis. much more essential that our boys and girls and adults be given the /.opportunity of first hand knowledge pertaining to the agricul tural industry. > 1 AN ESSENTIAL , IN2JT7STRY . ■ -Por - wore.;it - not.;; f'or ■ this industry Australia would soon be. a tiling of the past. The commercial ■ and trade course would be as a dream. This is borne out .by., the .dependency; on ex port • of primary products <• on which to • borrow* from ;t,he world^s money markets. AVhy haye ^.droughts, pests; disease, and loss-on the farm seriously Effected our State and national fin ances and the.-stability of ;the State;? Is it not the -export trade that has paved national disaster'? And if the export and"? expansion -of - the primary products - have to ^>e'depended on "4t is essential that children and parents be fully equipped' Ayitli modern knowledge through agricultural schools to meet modern; competition.: ;.. If there is no; demand for this -knowledge-' ther.e wiill soon be none' for the commercial and trades; course/ for no trade can. exist where, are no re quirements, and it. only means adding to.-the--city unemployed .and: of no benefit to student .or parents. If militarism is, necessary commerce and frade -! are necessary, . then food, the most^csscntiai, without "\vhich no one can exist. It mu,st naturally be a first consideration to consolidate primary production and make possible the others. Trades and commercial courses are necessary, but they have only be come necessary ,!,on the North Coast by the establishment of the great dairy ing and agricultural'industries. There fore, the, industry that makes it pos sible for such to exist must of neces sity have its requirements fulfilled by a modern. agricultural school.. , ; The meeting decided to again bring' the need for a schooi ^under notice: of the executive. Pew people have , tho same view .on tlie monetary value of an:ear, and not many would; sacrifice one for £.800, as a Chicago woman-is reported to be doing. Judge ' Gluer, an, English, jus tice, a short timo ago? declared that a •finger was wottlimore than ;£50, while the value of; a nbse; .was assessed at <£.450 iin am action at .Toronto... The •human,-, eye., ;-;«has -^jieen xatfjd as the" most iyaluable .part, of the body, no less thaiu£50,0b0 $eing.. ^warded an Americait doctor/.wholloat .the.' .sight, of ono .of his eyes in, an...accident! smile equals £-3^20 ..in. the. veyes.' of the law. At least this was', the sum secur ed by a Piiris.' mannequin who,in a street accident lost her ability to look pleasant, and- claimed -£2500. An American dancer- was given :£, 5000 for the loss -of a leg, but .many famous L dancers have insured their limbs for' £ much higher amounts than that. j 