CORRESPONDENCE. AN INDUSTRIALIST'S VIEWPOINT. (To the Editor.) Sir,—A most interesting series of letters have lately appeared in your columns over the name of "F. Stanger," and, while one may not agree with all that the writer advocates for the betterment and development of Australia, one is, however, forced to the conclusion that he is endowed with more than the average share of the greatest of all traits iu mankind—common sense. Mr. Stanger hails, he lias told us. from one of the rural districts of Great Britain, districts which depend. almost entirely for their existence on the production of primary products. While living there, lie would, naturally, be a strong protectionist, knowing that, had a tariff been put on foodstuffs imported into Britain, the local products would have been of more value and that lie would, consequently, have benefited by such tariffs. In common with many other workers in Australia it was my good fortune to liail from an industrial district of Britain, and realising what effect high priced foodstuffs would have On the industrialists of that' country. I was naturally in agreement with the opinion, as expressed 25 years ago by a large majority of the British people, that a system of protection and high priced foodstuffs was an unthinkable proposition. The position in Britain to-day is the same as when the late Mr. Joseph Chamberlain introduced his tariff proposals. The farming community of Aus- tralia will cry in vain for a British preferential tariff on Empire produced foodstuffs, as any tariff on foreign imported primary products, to be of any value to the Australian exporters of such products to Britain, must have the effect of increasing the price of foodstuffs to the British workers. Supposing Great Britain put a tariff of 6d. per lb. on all imported butter but allowed that produced within the Empire to come in free. This, to he of any benefit to Australian exporters of butter, would mean that this commodity would require to sell at its present price plus 6d. per lb., and the British consumers would require to pay 6d. per lb. extra for his butter, no matter where produced. Britain, at present, has a duty on all sugar of about £ 11 per ton—sugar being looked upon, in Britain, as a luxury. The Australian sugar growers are given a rebate or preference of about £ 5 per ton, but this does not mean that the British consumer receives his sugar at a lower price, as the price of the high dutied sugar becomes the price of all. Preferential tariffs have no effect in so" far as the consumer is concerned, as the price of the article with the highe^ tariff becomes, to him, the price of all the articles, so long as it is possible to sell the commodity with the highest tariff. Therefore it would seem that a tariff, to be of any value, must actually have the effect of prohibition. Any increase in the cost of living of the British workers would react on tbe cost of production of manufactured goods, and as manufacturers there are, at present, hard put to it to keep up their export manufactured trade, they would be in a very much worse position if production costs were increased. It is imperative that Britain should export manufactured goods, as only in this way can she pay for the foodstuffs which she cannot herself produce and must, therefore import. The advocates of protection are confined to (1) the landowner class who, by the increased price of farming products, would be able to increase land rentals; (2) the farmers who would benefit by the increased price for their products, which increase would ultimately revert to the landowners in increased rentals: and (3) a few manufacturers of mostly cheap lines who are up against the competition of German manufacturers. We should get rid of the idea, once and for all, that Australian butter is being sold in Britain as Danish. A few small retailers may, possibly, purchase at the smaller price of tlie Australian article and sell at the slightly higher price of Danish, but it is hardly possible that this would affect the wholesale priee of the thousands"of tons of Australian butter sold in open competition in Tooley-street. The creating of an Imperial sentiment amongst tlie British people in or«ler to discourage the sale of Australian products will not. in any way. increase the price of tbesp commodities, and it is doubtful if even the Scottish delegation will ho any more successful in creating such a sentiment than the Queensland Preference League has been in creating this sentiment amongst Queensland consumers—to buy Queen? • t>d manufactured goods. America uobablv. the only country in tb where tbe Australian farmei ; : hope to find a payable marki- their surplus products, but. that door is closed because of high protection tariffs and restrictive regulations. Since coming to Australia. Air. Stanger's viewpoint has not altered regarding Britain's tariff question but, possibly with the exception of the 6d. per lb. tariff on NTew Zealand butler imported into Australia, he lias now become an Australian freetrader. The reason of this is, no doubt, that tariffs increase the price of the goods he is compelled to purchase, but do not materially assist him in the export price of butter or other commodities. It is not my intention to twit Mr. Stanger on his change of front, as. while a resident of Britain, I favoured free trade for the reason that it meant cheaper foodstuffs and more regular employment for the industrialists there. I now favour a policy of higher tariffs in Australia as a means of giving more steady employment to the Australian industrialist. The position is entirely reversed both from Mr. Stanger's viewpoint and my own and is merely a question of pocket politics—Mr. Stanger for the farmers' pockets and I for the industrialists'. If Mr. Stanger and his friends are really in earnest in finding a better market for their surplus products, they could not do better than advocate a policy of keen protection for Australia in order to stimulate the manufacturing industries here, thereby creating greater urban population and incidentally a better home market. Immigration for the purpose of extending dairying and oilier agricultural pursuits, with the possible exception of wheat-growing, will merely aggravate the position until such time as a home market or one equally as remunerative is found. Mr. St anger's reference to the Australian farmer being in competition with the coolie is scarcely correct. Ilis products do not compete wilh coloured labour until they reach the British market. which. course, only applies to the exported surplus. One would require to have a vivid imagination, li'owever. to lay the cause of all the farmers' disabilities at the feet of the Queeus- •land Labour Government. There are scaremongers in our midst who I have little desire to see Australia prosppr unless it be on fhe lines of antiquated "Toryism." 7 The persistent vapourings of such people—I do not refer to Mr. Stanger- regarding industrial strife and allegedly unjust industrial conditions have the desired effect of giving discouragment to manufacturing enterprise. Unfortunately, the Press is not entirely blameless in this regard. Reports of the recent disturbance on board one of our liners, prdbably caused by a few disillusioned immigrants, were broadcast throughout the world, appearing in the Press under the scare headlines of "Mutiny of Australian Seamen." and references to "Red Russia'' propaganda were spread about freely by men in responsible positions. In fact, had this incident, occurred during the time of the recent cooks' strike it is not improbable that the Jervis Bay would have been met by a battle sqadron of the British fleet with decks cleared ready for action. People who have so little faith in their fellowmen can have little faith in themselves. Scaremongers are, truly, disloyalists and a menace to any community. Yours, etc.. T Willowburn, June 27. „ . GEO. DEWAR. 