WHY THEY GO BACK. TALK WITH MIGRANTS \- Interesting light on tho reasons why some migrants to Australia return to tho Old Country and why some remain is known by an article by W. S. Chadwick, which appeared in the "Capo Times" of February l8: I sailed for England cm an Austt allan lmer, aud met many returning immi- grants of both sexes, as well as Austral- ian ranchers, officials, and others who had settled before the Settlement schemes were formulated. -. One returning emigrant was a bona fide agricultural labourer from Essex, who bad worked on an Australian foam exactly fourteen days. Unfortunately for himself and for England, lie had possessed suffi- cient funds to reimbuiBO the authorities, and to pay his return passage. Ile com- plained that he had been made to work from four in the morning to nine o'clock at night, and had been given no blankets to sleep in. I ascertained that it is customary for farm hands to carry their own blanket«, and this he had neglected to do. To remedy that simple omission he had tin own to tho winds the assistance given him, and WOB travelling twelve thousand miles to a countiy where the harvest stood knee deep in -water; and where rain was washing put farming bank bal- ances by the score. He was a simple soul -harmless and ineffective-without re- source, grit, or initiative. Emphatically not the type a psychologist would choose to break in the barren back-blocks. There were others who had fled from the loneliness and toil of farm life im- mediately their first vcar cxnired, and had drifted to the cities seeking casual labour. Labourers can earn sixteen sh lings a day in Australia, and can always find .work in the country districts; but these disgruntled ones demanded "pic- tures" and public houses, and so sought them in the cities. There they found themselves elbowed and jostled by Aus- tralians of a more virile type, who re- sented their competition and dubbed them "Pommies"-which is the equivalent of the bush "new-clvum." By hook and crook .they had sorapod together their passage money during the next year or two, and were now return- ing-"broke"-to a land where unskilled labour is abundant, and whero their only prospect was the dole. Others, again, had misrepresented them- selves as farm hands .in order to secure the free passage-obtaining references by devious methods-owing to unemploy- ment at home. These had intended to sacrifice the prescribed year to farm work, and -then seek work in tim cities at their own trade. AU went according to plan until thev made the assault on the cities, when they found against them a local hostility and a strong trade union organisation, which speedily convinced them of their superfluity. So after two or three wasted yeal s thev were return- ing to swell the ranks of Britain's' un- employed. THere were men and women, also, pro- ceeding on holiday with intent to return to Australia. It was significant that in most cases these had been ten to twenty years resident there. Significant, too, that tbeir faces bore signs of strenuous *<» ungle. Only tho two classes were in ov.dence. Those who had funked the battle and were «turning at the first opportunity, and those who had fought and bore the scars. The former had been assisted out. The latter had assist- ed themselves to the new land! It was faiily obvious that those who had gone out under the scheme and in- tended to stay had found five or si* years too short a time to carn the means of a holiday. Tho presence of many South Africans, taking in some cases their third trip in ten 3-ears, and bealing marks of a greater prosperity, gave point to my conclusion, and led mo to inquire closely into Australian conditions," from a man who was taking hie first holiday in fourteen year's. He said: "Australia is no gct-rich-quick country. I doubt if we are much better off there than in England, The cost of jiving is very high. Wo pay for peas and beaus in Sydney 1/9 per pound, and the same for-a cabbage. I" have seen vege- tables dumped into the barbour to keep prices up! Houses, too-of three rooms -cannot be, rented under £7/10/ per month, mid the nverago weekly wage is only £4/5/. The figure looks very nice in Australia House phamplcts, but wait until you try to live on it!" "Thr-n," I asked, "are you disappoint- ed with Australia?" y'Ko. not disappointed. Condition! are easier. There is lees class humbug, and ive ore not so much under the lash as ut Home." "Then why do these peoplo leave so quickly, and give it such a bad name?" "They want to work in towns, and there is nono for them. Many haye no grit, and 'drop Their bundle.' In other cases the women get homesick and take the mon home with them.' My o.wn wife left in a year, and if I had gone with hex- as the wished, I should never have got back. She stayed a year at home, und when she returned she settled down." Then I asked a Queensland rancher: "Is it true that the Australians are hos- tile to these new-comers?" t "Yes," ho answered, "if they go into tho towns they are not Wanted there. Wo have enough industrial workers of our own." ' "Then do you cojiBider the immigration schemes failures?" I asked him. "Not altogether. A number will Btay and adapt, no doubt, but many a're the wrong type altogether. They seem un- able to live away from picture palaces and pubs; and a lot 'drop tbèïr bundle' at the first «'B11 of hard work or lone- liness. Australia has no use for ? tbosc. If a man has^grit and can work ho should do well, but there is no easy money to bo had. The schemes are too expensive. If I ha.d my way I would make the im- migrant refund overy cent. That would keep him busy a year longer. Then it he werjt Home and wished to come back I would assist lum. The second ¿imc he would stay for good." 'There waB a little Danish lady on board who had spent six years in Aus ttulia. Australians who knew her cred- ited her with amazing courage and in- dustry. She had founded a business with her tai nings, and made good. Two months !,uur the wrote to me and said: "How I 1 ,tur for the Queensland sunshine. Wi.it I waiit<wl in Denmark I do not know. Perhaps my fancy painted it with a gol- den glory; but if I once get to the, sunny lands t-g.-iiu it shall never seo me more." Then I remembered my Queensland friend's words, and I remembered, too, my own homesickness after a~fcw years in Africa. Perhaps the better policy would indeed be to moke imniigrants'pay fur their initial voyage, and then to as- sist them as experienced settlers, ahead}' "talted" against homesickuca». 