FIFTY YEARS AGO. OLD-TIME RECORDS. Compiled from tho files of the "Toowoomba Chronicle" of August 20\. 22, aud 24, 1878: — Toowoonilta Amateur Races.— Shorts Handicap: J. Finnie's Sydney 1\. J. P. Bell's Foxglove 2, H. Thorn's Lecturer o. Hurdle Ilace: D. T. Seymour's Standard J, do Burgh Persse's 2. Opeii Handicap: J. Finnie'H Sydney 1. M. Zerbe's The Dirk 2\. H. Thorn's Whiffler :>. Turf Club Plate: R. Prins's Emigrant 1. G. R. Molle's Forester 2. Ladies' Mile: D. T. Seymour's Standard 1. dc Burgh Persse's Hawkesbury 2, II. Thorns' Hieover H. Salo of Station.—\Yc understand that Mr. Joseph Carter. J.P., of Kurawali, has disposed of his interest in ibis well-known station to his late partner, Mr. Brodrihb. It is Mr. Carter's intention to remove to Roma; in which township h<; will commence business in the stock and station as'ency, representing Messrs. B. D. Moreliead and Co. Toowoomba Cns Works.—We notice that the ship Brodrick, which contains the remaining portion of the Plant of the Gas Works, has arrived at Cape Morefon. There will now he no possible d.-lay in the efforts of the company in sivinsr our town the boon so earnestly desired. The laying of the pipes is being rapidly proceeded with, and the mains will be ready When the works are completed. "Knocking Down."—Another instance of the feat of "knocking down" occurred in Toowoomba on Saturday last. In the morning at 11 o'clock a man was "admonished and discharged" on a charge of drunkenness. He had then in his pocket something more than £ 7. In the afternoon at 3 o'clock he was found hv tlie police in a fit. condition to he admonished again. He was then possessed of the sum of 3/1. He is staying just now at Mr. Blaynev'p hotel, and is very likely to favour that gentleman with his company for seven days in all. on the pressing invitation of the Police Magistrate. The Australian Cricketers.—The following is the score of the first innings of Australia 111 the match against Lancashire: A. Bannerman 15. C. Bannerman 5S, Murdoch 4. Garrett 0. Gregory 1. Boyle 2. Elaekham 4\. Horan 33. Bpofforth 5, Allan 3\. Bailey 10, sundries 5. total 140. Lancashire scored 97 and 162. At present the tour of the Australians has resulted in the winning of 12 matches and the losing of five, while 11 have been drawn, in most instances in favour of Australia. The Brass Band Contest.—We have much pleasure in congratulating the fine band of the G company (light infantry, Toowoomba), on having secured the high honour of the first prize against all others in the contest of proficiency, which took place In Brisbane yesterday. We are very proud. Our motto is not only "Advance Australia" generally, but advance the Darling Downs particularly. Confirmation at St. James'.—The confirmation, candidates for which have been in preparation, will be held (we are informed) to-morrow. The Right Reverend Mr. Hale. Bishop of the Diocese, is to arrive to-day. and will preach at St. James* to-morrow, both morning and evening. The Ipswich Woollen Manufactory. —We cannot too strongly impress upon our storekeepers the importance of supporting the Ipswich WooHen Manufactory. The display at the Exhibition at Brisbane of tweeds, flannels, and blankets manufactured by the company, attracted universal attention, and was really creditable, not only to Tnswich, hut to the whole colony. The company is certainly deserving of e\\*ery encouragement. and every true Queenslander should consider it his duty to support the Ipswich tweeds far before the imported material. Immigration Depot.—There are in the Toowoomba Depot no fewer than 23 married couples. 11 English, and 12 German and Danish, including those ex Windsor Castle, who arrived in Toowoomba to-day. Another arrival of immigrants is expected perhaps to-morrow. From the great numbers which have been forwarded duri ng the past few weeks those at present in the depot are finding some difficulty in obtaining employment. How the superintendent manages to maintain common decency among the inmates is a wotider to us. Another batch is expected to-morrow or next day. Where he will put them we don't know, and only hone he does. The Crops.—It is very gratifying to be able to record that the recent rains, although very light in and around Toowoomba, were sufficiently heavy 011 various portions of the Downs to have a most beneficial effect, on the wheat crops. Strange as it may appear to many of the farmers languishing for rain around Allora and Warwick, the wheat crops never looked better, and give promise of one of the most aboundant harvests yet realised. At Emu, Spring, and King's Creeks, and at the Eton Vale homestead areas, the condition of the wheat crop is equally satisfactory. Around Toowoomba, Gowrie, and Highfields the prospects are not bright, and if rain does not refreshen the crops in these localities shortly, the chances of even a moderate j-ield will be remote. The Allora Exchange Lands.—A deputation, consisting of Mr. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., Mr. W. Deacon (Mayor of Allora), and Messrs. F. Kates, A. Cameron, and J. Kelly waited yesterday morning relative to the disposal of the lands recently exchanged at Allora with Messrs. Kent and Wienholt. Among the suggestions made was that the. land should be cut up in SO-acre selections 011 the plain, and 120-acres oir the ridges, on deferred payments extending over ten years; that a survey of a branch railway from Hendon to Allora should be made, and that the land thrown open should be placed under the control of the Allora Municipal Council. Mr. Garrick gave a sympathetic reply. Downs Successes.—Although the Darling Downs was but poorly represented at the National Society's Exhibition at Brisbane, it is satisfactory to note that almost every exhibit has taken a prize. Messrs. Neden Bros, have placed Toowoomba in the front for flour, having taken first prize with a splendid sample, the second Iving awarded to Messrs. W. and C. Haves, of Warwick. Mr. John Kelly, of Allora. received a prize for everv exhibit of potatoes he sent to (he Exhibition, and his exhibit of the best bag of potatoes was creditable to the A Mora district. 