TRADE OUTLOOK. CONDITIONS.IN BRITAIN. AGENT-GENERAL'S REPORT. That the expansion of the ar tificial silk Industry has not yet affected the Increasing demand for Australian wool is a state ment made by the Agent General for Queensland (Mr. J. IHuxham), whose annual report was tIbled In Parliament yeserGay. Interest ing comments on other commer clal activities is contained In thile report. The report indicated that 29,938 persons received assisted passages to Australla during the year, compared with 93,681 In 1926, and 23,454 in 1925. Queensland's quota last year com prised 4665 nominated immigrants. six agricultural settlers, 542 farm ap prentices and £82 domestics. These figures showed decreases, compared with the previous year, of 551 nomtin ated immigrants and 165 farm lads, whilst the number of domestic ser vants had increased by 134. All the boys and domestics selected by the Commonwealth Migration and Settle ment office for Queensland were in spected by the Agent General or his representative before their departure, and had generally been found to be satisfactory in physIque, appearance, and bearing. COMMERCIAL BRITAIN. The. year had given evidence of considerable progress in the United Kingdom, and trade and commerce had made a marked, if slow, recovery from the disastrous effects of the Industrial upheaval of 1926. There ap° peared to be a widespread realisationl of the necessity for Increasing the standard of efficiency in all branches of industry, if only in order to meet the severe competition from foreign riials, thereby removing some of the encumbra~ces that had hitherto im peded the progress of British trade. An outstanding feature in regard to the recovery was the development of eclentiflo investigation and organiea tlon'in the interests of trade and in dustry, as well as an aid to modern efficiency in agricultural research and production. Another feature had re lation to the tremendous growth of certain Industries, notably artificial asllk, chemicals, and dyes, and to a smaller extent electrical engineerlng and motor manufacturing. On the other hand, unfortunately, several of the basic industries, such as iron and steel production and coal inning were still little removed from the point of de* pression they reached soon after .the war. All efforts at resuscitation so far had failed. So far as the coal industry was concerned this failure would appear In some quarters to be dueln part to the lack of any great concerted effort by the millne-owners to grapple with the situation In a business-like way. In dealing with the position of trade in the Unted Kingdom, the Imperial as pect must not be lost sight of, be cause It was becoming more evident year by year that imperial ttr-da must in future be the governing factor in Empire affairs. Thus it was that more and more attention and thought were being given to the problem of inter Empire trade by Imperial Govern ments and such bodies as the Empire Marketing Board atid others. In the course of an extensive re" view of the wool industry, the Agent General indicated that the quantity of wool available durlne the period under review was about 100,000 bales less than in 1926. The Australian clip was much larger than had been generally anticipated, the production reaching 2,700,000 bales, an increase of about 830,000 bales over the record figures of the season 1926. The actual exports, however, were some 200,000 bales less than in 1928, as there were no old stocks left on hand at the beginning of the season. Shipments from Seouth America were heavier, by 27,000 large bales, the equivalent of 80,000 Dominion bales, and from New Zealand 21,000 bqles more were exported. The manufac tureof artificial silk in England, America, and France, had reached such huge proportion, and had been attended with such financial suc casful results that some authorities urged it was advisable for Australian Wool inter este s-to give serious and earnest con -Ideration to the question. and Its bearing upon the relative economie values of merinos and crossbred wools. In this connection it was interesting to note that at the present time there were some 19 or 20 companies in Great Britain engaged in. the manufactizre of artificial silk and silk textiles, witll a total authorlsed capital of some tlb'r. between £6t0.000,000 and £70. 000,000. In the United States of America there were eight companies ao engaged with,capital resources probably quite as large as those in Great Brit ain. The growth of this new Lnduq try, however, did not yet appear to have appreciably afteeted the increas lng demand for wool, and narticularly the higher grades. MEAT. Frequently, owing to industrial troubles, there had .been disappoint Ing demands for all classes of im ported mett Shipments Of Argen tine chilled meat had been far in ex cess of the requirements during the greater part of the year, and this had affected prices of all descriptions of Imported meat. Apart from the quantities required for contract pur poses, the demand during the greater part cf the year was very dlsapoint Ing. .This absence of inquiry was due to the low values which had frequently ruled for chilled beef. It was gen erally admitted that the problem of shipping chilled meat from Australia had been solved. The chilled article would always find a market at a price, whereas frozen beef, ayprt from contracts. was often unsaleable. The two equally important probleins of .regular supplies and uniform qual Ity had still to be dealt with, before they could hope to compete on equal terms with meat from South America. The first of these two problems was probably the more important, for. a market could be found for even sec ond-qualitz meat at a price if. sent with some regularity, but no business could ie b:uilt up in any commodity unless supplies were regulhr, The'total consumption of beef, mut ton, and lamb in the United Kingdom last year was estimated at 2,048,645 tone, of which 1,128,200 tons were home-grown and 925,445 tonk imr ported, the proportlpns being 54,83 per Cent home grown, and 45.17 per cent, imported. Of the imported meht, 620,609 tons, equal to 25.41 per cent. was chilled and 426,167 tons, or 20.80 per cent. frozen. Australia contributed 6.69 per cent. of the sneat imported and 3.10 per cent. of .that consumed. COTTON. The value of cotton in 1927 .was.in sharp contrast to that in the previous year. In 1926.it wsas 3d..or 4d. a lb. cheaper at the end that at the begln ning. Last year it was 3d. or 4d. a 4b. dearer in the closing month than in the opening month. In the year ended July 31 last, the world consumption of American cotton was of record di. mensions, and according to the In ternational Federation amounted to 15,780,000 bales. So far this season's world consumption had continued 'on e. high level, but it was anticipated that the total for the 12 months would not be so large as last year, partly owing to spinners, who last season substituted American for In dian. now reverting to the last-nampd quality. In the circumstances the re qulrements of world users during 1927-l28 may be put down at 15,250,, 000 bales, and the carry-over at the end of next July should . be about 5,250,000 bales. During the past two seasons there had also been abundant supplies of Egyptian cotton, and fresh records . had been established. Es ports from Egypt to all Parts during last sekeon were 1.026.286 . bales, against 917,824 bales in the previous year. The encouragement and devel onment of Empire cotton-growing was of vpital importance to the spinning trade of this country. BUTTER. The total Imports of butter into the United Elngdo-t from all sources during the 12 months ended December 30, 1927, amounted to 5,826.865cwt, compared with 5,818.840cwt., in 1926, an Increase of 8025cwt. The arrivals from New Zealnnd were heavier than in 1926 by 106.888cwt., but from Aus tralia a decrease of 263,36'cwt., has to be recorded. From Denmark, Ilotl land, Sweden, Finland, and the Irish, Free State, increased Aupplies were imported, but supplies from the Ar gentine Rlepublic were less by 94,125 cwt. than in the previous year. Only 428cwt were received from Canada last year, as compared with' 62,69D cwt in 1926, and 162,523ewt. In 1925. One of the most striking features of the butter market was the close proximity of the prices of all desobip tions of butter during the period from May to August, when the difference between the prices of Danish, New Zealand, Australian, and Argentine butter was not more than 4/ per cwt. In November the gap between the prices of New Zealand and Danish butters was at one period 81/. From the Queenslend point of view it was satisfactory to note that the premium which, in previous years, thte New Zealand product had commanded over Australian prices was conslderably lessened during the past year. Th.re were periods durlng which Australian butter realimed even higher prices than New yealnnd. This result had been brought about mainly by the high stnndnrd of quality malnteained by the former. and the progress n hich has been made in nopularlnlng Aus traoan products. The position was alo nffeorted in the early part of the -ear by the antac?nnism amonget buy ors to the operations of the New -a-lond Tlniry Produce Control Board. Thc trade woas naturnlly opposed to rontrol. nod hblvrs turned ettler at tletlon to coods which were free. ponorts froem hl! ntlrect showed thn?t Oeenoslond butter from the Doint of view of qontlltv. nolcing. ontd gen m outl(tullrn comnnred favourabhly wtlt ttt from nnv other tonte. Now that tloe ,se of nrloeeretiven was diltl tonle. old fnotorlcs. would have to arrrl ^ the crontet carel n order that yr.-" I -- not lon tb~h hich renutatlon tltn b' ??uclrrcnednd in ohtalning on Vh"m von -nolt to 0n Oldn.,,-c ment, please tell the advertiser what he wants to know-that you "saw It in the 'Queensland Times.': 