FEATURES of the DAY Cow's Horn Causea Tinco Doaths: Tile lunn ol' o row wns rcsponsiblo for tinco deaths In nu aeroplano iieei dont at Colonne (Gcrinnny). The pilot j of 1lui 'plane, niakinp; a forced land- ing, Hew low in the paddock in which the cow was grazing. The cow's horn punctured the petrol tank and broke off. The e.'ienpinjr petrel ignited the liiachine, und the occupants were in- cinerated. Six O'Clock Closing: Following ? on the statement linnie by the .Attorney-Genera] (Hun. ll. R. Halter), in reply to Mr. .1. F. Ockerby, .M.ll.A., that every reasonable effort would be made lo enforce the law relating to nix o'clock closing ol' liquor bars, the police have paid visits to clubs on Hie. Xorl h-West Count. Simi- lar visits have been ¡nude by the police to tile clubs in Hobart .-ind finuneeston, and as the hotel-hoopers have been similarly treated, it is quite apparent that tho custodians of thc law intend strictly to enforce the law in regard to the six o'clock closing law, willi the object of suppressing drinking after hours. MacRobertson Expédition: ' -Advices received fruin ilia Shell representative with flu; ilaeKobertsoii party, report that the expedition linn leached Mall's Creek, near Hie bound- ary of .North Australia, and flint half the journey around the continent hus been accompanied in approximately half the schedule time. After passing through Chateau Camp and Louisa Downs Station, the expedition made tho first crossing of the .Margaret 'Kilver without much dilliculty, but ut the second crossing, limiting hud to be put down on the river bed to enable the trucks to gel across. The West Aus- tralian Government station, Moola. Boola, was visited and a film fulton of an exhibit "nm of hiisltjumpiug arranged in tho visitors' honor. A stop fur two days will be made at Hall's Creek be- fo rc continuing the journey to Dar- win. Kingsford Smith's Blunder: There is one Australian who is not thrilled by Hie epic, tight of tile .' Aus- tralian Wild Geese-' from Kan Fran- cisco. Ile writes:-"Kingsford Smith and Anzac Ulm wasted a lol of energy in their three, days' strenuous Hight. Thev could have done Hie job inure easilv. Admitting Kingsford Smith. Squadron-Leader that the earth in its diurnal-motion from west to east, carries everything mi its surface at tlic rate of 450 miles au hour, Kingsford Smith might have equip- ped his machine with- a gyroscope, which would en- able it to remain stationary in tlin air. Ile could then have risen about eight miles, a u il established stability. T h e l'ait li would spin na wit limit him, ami at, thu i'm! of aliont 12 limns ho would Int vi' IIITII ovor Japan, wilvil he muid have dropped foi' refi'i'sliinenls. The distance lie would have to fly sou t ii - Wards would Ilion lie milch less, and there are many convenient stopping piaros on the way. Lest some ,wisencre might object that the atmosphere moves with the earth, our friend ob- serves thal the atmosphère is .some- times so still ut Gladesville that it would not move a bil ol' thistledown. Also at other-limes Hie aliiiosphere moves witt ly from West lo Mast and "biirsis" from South to .Vorth. Ile ihiesu'l think Ibero's nnylhing in thill nrguiui iit. Hui lie is going to nsk I'n,. l'essor David, who has just claimed an aeiiuaiutauee willi the earth's habits for the past 1,11011,(11)11,1100 years. immigration: Of the ÜS,:iO!> persons who arrived in Hie Common won Uh during Hie first quarter of the present voar 2:t,787 were lirilish. Of the ni lier "races represented in the lula! italians number I0!M, Dan- ish Xl, Dutch .")(!, Finnish 00, French 200, German 21-1, Greeks :i7!l, .lugo-Slav H.'!2, Mallese -12, Norwegian III, Swedish 2:1, Kassian KM, Swiss 70, United Stales 502, others nf Kuropcuu rnces ".jil. Among Hie nun flu II ? 1 H'M 11 arrivals there were (M.Ï Chinese, bul the dc parimos of the latter totalled »Oil. There were also lull arrivals of Japan- ese, bul the number who left Austra- lia in Hie same period was U'l. ll would appeurj'roni thc latest statistics that there is no need (0 feel alarmed regarding Hie possibility ol' any great influx of Asiatic people', the depart lires in mont cuses exe.ídhig Hie arrivals. As a matter nf. furl the grtiss total ol' arrivals of noii-Kuropoans amounted to 1571, while the departures totalled 1577\. italians are Hie most permanent ol' migrants among European races oili- er than (tritish, the arrivals exceeding Ibo departures by (MM. The excess of llritish arrivals over departures was (¡i;i7. loth Battalion Reunion: With thu nour approach of tho 14th July thc committee organising the h innccston reunion ol' the -Ililli Battalion have met each woolt-cnrt for several weeks, anil have matters well in hand. The following circular just issued from the Anzac Hostel, explains the position :-" lt hus been decided that comrades of I he"'old battalion will foregather nt the above rendezvous for the purpose' of renewing Hie comrade- ship ..i active service days. The Klng.'s Hall will be temporarily converled into au estaminet for that night, and in the absence of "Múdame" tho com- mittee will provide a good programme of music, song and story, accompanied by "rations," both liipiid and solid. Ten years ago the old battalion was playing no small part in the defence ol' Amiens, llave those "ten years made the cnturadeship ut' llios;' days loss de- sirable,' Conic ulong in jour hundreds ou July l-l. .Make it :i personal matter, .because some "nigger Cobber" of yours xviii hope lo meet there. How i-iin you get lhere .' Come hy train, runic hy 'hus, or ".hop u lon y "-hut get lhere. Trains: From the* North-West Coast by football special (returning on Sunday), or by ordinary trains; from the main line and Hobart by Saturday morning express, returning by Sundny .afternoon express; from the Xorth-IOnst by Saturday morning fruin. Help ns to make Ibis year's reunion xvortiiy of the ?10th and ils traditions. Will you do three things','-(1) Write to the secre- tary fur your ticket, noxv (price .'I/O) ('-) Personally interview old comrades in. your district, and organise them into a "leave party." The railxvay give reduc- tions to ii, pleasure party of six if re- quested. (Ii). 'Giving to the football eroxvd make sure of "billets" noxv; if you do not knoxv where to slay, write and ask the committee. Make the re- union widely known, anil com« 'and en- , enjoy a renewal of old frienships. For the committee, 10. 11. Tinkarli." Alcohol and Health:. The "Catholic Standard " (Hobart) writes: Years ago it was our good fortuno (misfortune, some will say), to join a temperance society. At the meetings of. that society occasionally, someone would deliver a lecture on tho injuri- ous effects of alcohol on the brain, the nervous' system and on thc physical powers generally. In fact, it was prov, ed to tho satisfaction of the lecturer and Hie audience that alcohol is simply a poison. Croat authorities like Bir V. Horsley ivere freely quoted in sup port. But somehow everyday fuels do not hear out the conten!iou, which is, in truth, only so much propaganda for total abstinence. We nil know peo- ple who have taken drink in modera- tion for years and who aro fit both mentally and physically. Indeed, so ,far ns physical health is concerned mod- erato drinkers seem to be free from many trouble that afflict the total nh Mainer. Sir Willinm Arbuthnot Lane, the oiuineut-KngHsh physician, recent' ly declared that beer is the propel food of a nation and is one of the fac- tors of health. Another authority give: like evidence. Ur. Pearl, Director ot tho Institute o£ Biological Research .lohn Hopkins University, stated in i lecture lust month that moderate drink crs live longer thou total abstainers. Hi based his conclusions on figures cont piled after a study of hospital cases clinics, and autopsies in tho eily o Baltimore, over a period of three yours Ho adds: "Experiments on aniuiuh prove that alcohol's racial effect is ben oficial, or at worst, not harmful, i given moderately. Tho same result ma; be predicated of tho human race. Ol) «civations bv scientists have disclose Ino evidence oC harmful effects in chil- dren of even heavy-drinking parents." I Wo aro not giving these test imonies lo Inigo readers to become drinkers-even moderate drinkers. VDT many reasons wc aro in f n Vor of pomonal prohibi- tion, but not on the ground that drink is injurious to cither soul or budy. If .ibero werp no better argument than that tho total abstinence movement should be abolished. Personal prohibi- tion is a good cause; lt. 1«' worthy of a person's best efforts, but ton often it is made ridiculous by the exaggera- tions of its ardent but unwise advo- ca tes. 