'? ? ..??/. All About People: Tittle Tattle CARDINAL GIBBONS. Models for a memorial statue to James Cardinal Gibbons — the famous Irish-born Archbishop of Baltimore, the Primatial See of the United States, author of that magnificent and popular exposition of Cai tholic belief to which he gave the title 'Faith of Our Fathers' — to be erected in Washington under authority of a joint re solution of Congress, were placed on ex hibition at Washington for a week, under the auspices of the Knights of Columbua. Seven distinguished sculptors submitted models for the exhibit, and some of them offered two designs. When the exhibition closes, and the ballots of the visitors have been counted, it will bo left to a com mittee of 15 to name the winning model. When the choice has been made, the model must, then be submitted to the Fine Arts Commission for its approval. Subse quently, the work of erecting the statue ' in a triangular park on Sixtoenth-street, North West, just in front of the shrine of the Sacred Heart, will be begun. ♦ ? ? * His Eminence Cardinal Cerretti has been appointed Cardinal-Protector of the amal gamated Sisters of Mercy in Victoria. The victory of Miss Jennie Lee, 'oor. Jennie,' for the formerly Tory seat of North Lanark, Scotland, makes the British women M's.P. number 10. Four of them are Tory, five Labour, and one Conserva- tive. Miss Lee, who is an M.A., LL.B., is a Catholic and a native of Fifeshire. The Christian Brothers lost by death re- cently one of the best- known members of the Order in Queensland. Rev. Brother T. B. Carroll, who spent the last 14 years of his life in Charters Towers, passed away at Mt. Carmel College, where his zeal and kindness had endeared him to hundreds of North Queensland boys. Brother Carroll was born in Tippcrary 49 years ago, and came to Australia shortly after, his recep tion into the Christian Brothers. — R.I.P. # * * * The centenary of Catholic Emancipation was celebrated in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, on Sunday. Tho Archbish'op of Melbourne (Most Rev. Dr. Mannix) pro sided. The celebrant of the Mass was the Bishop of Sale (Right Rev. Dr. Ryan), and the Bishops of Ballarat (Right Rev. Dr. Folcy) and Sandhurst (Right Rev. Dr. Mc Carthy) were seated in the sanctuary. In the evening, the Very Rev. Father W. J. Lockington,. S.J., preached on Catholic Emancipation. Pontifical Benediction of tho Most Blessed Sacraent was given by the Right Rev. Dr. Foley, and a solemn 'Te Deum,' with orchestral accbinpani; mont, was rendered by the choir.. * * .*.*? A demonstration in commemoration of Ca tholic Emancipation was held in the Mel bourne Town Hall on Monday evening. His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne presided, and lecture on Catholic Eman cipation was delivered by the Very Rev. Father Lockington, S.J. In the pre-Emancipation Days, it was tho practice of London Bishops and priests to utilise inns for celebrating Mass. Some of the early Australian priests resorted to the sanie expedient, and Dr. 'Ullathorne once preached a sormon on temperance in a country hotel. The practice is not yet obsolete; for on the last Sunday in Febru ary, his Lordship Bishop Dunn, of Notting ham, England, celebrated Mass in a room, of the Magna Carta Inn, which serves ae . a temporary chapel for tho new parish, which is being* established in the Wilford road district of Nottingham. A correspondent has received a cir cular from- Dr. Arthur's -Department, urging him and his family tfi drink four pints of milk a day in order to make them selves good Australians. As milk in his suburb costs 9d a' quart, and ho has four children going to school, the milk bill would run him into £3 6s 6d a week. Ho would like to .know from Dr. Arthur how to finance it, as he is a working mechanic on an award wage of £5 a week. Lily Minahan, 14, fell from a window in her dormitory on the third storey of Our Lady of Mercy's Convent, Goulbum, short ly after midnight on'Monday morning, and died an hour and a half later. It is thought that 'the girl had walked in her sleep, and fell from the parapet. She slept in the room with six other girls. A governess, sleeping in the room directly beneath Miss Minahan's, heard a noise, and, looking out of the window, saw the girl hurtling to the ground. She struck the gravel courtyard with terrific force. Miss Minahan's neck was broken, and her skull was fractured. A doctor was summoned, but nothing could be done for the girl. It is under stood that Miss Minahan's father is dead, and her mother lives at Wales Meadow, Moss Vale. — R.I.P. ? ? ? ? The Rev. Father Edward Young, Ame rican missionary, kidnapped and held for ransom by Chinese bandits near Nananfu, Kiangsi Province, has been released, and is well and safe, according to a cablegram received in Philadelphia from his Lordship Bishop O'Shea, of the Catholic mission at Kanchow. The message was received by the Very Rev. Father Frederic J. Maune, CM. It read: 'Father Young released; well and safe.' Father Maune was not informed whether the young missionary had been released voluntarily, or whether tho bandits' ransom demand had been met.JThe kidnappers had demanded £2000 in gold. ? . ? ? ? In order to inculcate in newly-converted natives a spirit of interest in the conver sion of their fellows, the Holy See has re commended to Bishops throughout Asia and Africa the establishment among their subjects of the Association for the Propa gation of the Faith. The amounts given are recorded in Rome, but remain for the support of the mission. On this account the report recently issued by the Right Rev. Dr. Nicholas, S.M., Vicar-Apostolic of Fiji Islands, is of interest. During the 14 years that the association has been established there, nearly £200 has been contributed. Bishop Nicholas points out that this is a high average; and he com pares it with his own home diocese of Metz, where the average contribution per head of Catholics is less than a franc, whereas the Fiji Islanders' total works out at 1.14 francs per head. Moreover, Metz is one of the best supporters of the association in France. Cardinal Dubois, Archbishop of Paris, has brought a libel action against the 'Action Francaise,' the royalist news paper, condemned by the Holy See, for re peated attacks upon him. The case opened yesterday (April 17) before the Tribunal of the Seine. His Eminence will be repre sented by Mr. Philippe de Las-Cases, who not long ago successfully conducted a libel action on behalf of Cardinal Cerretti. The 'Action Francaise' counterclaims 200,000 francs damages from the Cardinal for hav- . ing published in 'La Semaine Religieusc' the ordinance of the Sacred Penitentiary condemning the League and its journal, and for making comments upon the con demnation. 'La Croix'1 and 'La Vic Ca tholique' are also being prosecuted by the 'Action Francaise' for having published the decree of the Sacred Penitentiary and the official notes of the Archbishop of Paris. It is claiming 200,000 francs from each paper. ? ? ? It is expected, says a London Catholic paper, that tho Cardinal Archbishops of Turin, Milan, Florence, Pisa, Bologna, Venice, and Naples will be made Senators of Italy in accordance with the recent Concordat between Italy and the Holy See. 'Cardinal Gasparri and some other Car dinals in Curia are also mentioned as probable Senators.' We doubt the latter statomont, as it might create complications. ? ? ? Sir Thomas Yarr, of the British Army Medical Corps, is ono of the most distin guished of the many Irish Catholics who have attained high rank in the Army medical service. Ho had become, a major before he saw active service in tho Boer War. Ho was afterwards on the personal staff of the Governor of Bombay for five years; and before the Great War he had become medical-inspector of recruits and senior medical officer of recruiting. During the Great War he received the C.B., and was twice mentioned in dispatches for his service in Gallipoli and in Egypt. He re ceived his K.C.M.G. in 1917, and for three years after the war he hold the poaitioli of Inspector of Medical Services at the War Office. He has many medical dis tinctions and foreign decorations, and among other duties he has boon physician' to the Crown Prince of Siam. His active interest in Catholic affairs had made him. a member of the Councils of the Catholic Union and of tho Catholi'c Soldiers' Asso ciation. With all the solemn and imposing ritual attaching to the ceremony, his Grace Arch bishop William Forbes, of. Ottawa, was recently invested with the Pallium bestow 'ed upon him by his Holiness Pope Pius XL, and laid upon the shoulders of the Arch bishop by tho representative of the Holy Father, Monsignor Andrea Cassulo, in the presence of a notable gathering of clerical dignitaries, leaders in the social and politi cal life of Ottawa (Canada). The Basilica, scene of the picturesque ceremony, was filled to overflowing. The Holy Father has filled the two vacant Sees of Rochester and Sacramento. Monsig noT Thomas Hickey, who resigned the Bi shopric of Rochester on account of serious illness, is succeeded by his Vicar-General, the Very Rev. Francis O'Hern. Th-T Bi shop-elect made his ecclesiastical studies at the diocesan seminary, and at the North American College in Rome, where he was ordained in 1901. Since October, Monsig nor O'Hern has been Apostolic Adminis trator of tho diocese to which he now suc ceeds as Bishop. The new Bishop of Sac ramento is Monsignor R. J. Armstrong, un til lately the parish priest of Yakima, Washington. He will be the first native Californian to be consecrated Bishop. He was educated at the Gonzaga University, Spokane, and at the Grand Seminary, Mon treal, where he was ordained in 1910. The Fides News Service reported an im portant movement towards the Catholic Church among the Japanese migrants in Brazil. With the recent baptism of a class of 50 candidates the total number in the vicinity of the capital, Sao Paulo, rose to 559. The remarkable work among the Japanese immigrants to Brazil was in augurated in November, 1926, in Japan it self by Rev. Father H. Heuvers, S.J. Start ing early in 1927, he instituted the practice of working with the immigrants in the quarters set apart for the Nippo-Brazil As sociation, where for eight days previous to leaving they gathered for preparation. Here Father Heuvers was able to address groups of from 300 to 800, and to distri bute much Catholic literature. In May, 1928, a new home waB obtained at the immigra tion station, and the eight- day stay then took on the appearance of a mission, with daily Mass and instruction on Catholic fun damentals and ceremonies. Father Yama naka, a native Japanese priest and a gra duate of the Propaganda College in Rome, was assigned to assist Father Heuvers. ? ? ? At Sao Paulo, Brazil, the work begun in Kobi was zealously continued* under the- di rection of Father Guido del Toro, S.J., ably assisted by a small group of cate chists. In the nearby city of Santos, a large port where the Japanese disembark, another Jesuit, Father Guash, was entrust ed with the same apostolate. In the city of Rigistro Father Rosenhuber, S.V.D., was put in charge. Father Kucher, S.J., who recently^ arrived from Japan with the high est recommendations from Japanese officials for this Catholic apostolate among the im migrants, is engaged in visiting the Jap anese living inland. Extremely interesting is the fact that the Japanese Government seems quite willing to have its nationals accept Christianity when they emigrate, in order, according to the declaration of a Japanese deputy, to remove the stigma from Japan as being a completely pagan nation. There are over 30,000 Japanese in Brazil. A move to send Buddhist priests to Brazil . was reported to have been checked by the Foreign Office. ? ? ? ? Yet another high post in the State ser vice has been allotted to a Catholic by King Alexander, who has appointed Dr. Leonidas Pitamets to bo his diplomatic re presentative at Washington. There are six Catholic Ministers in the Cabinet of the new Yugo-Slav regime, who have done good solid work in a brief space; and, no doubt, Dr. Pitamets, a distinguished Professor of Liubliana University, will know how to safeguard his country's interests in tho United States. As an expert in jurispru dence, the new plenipotentiary has fre quently taken part in the deliberations of the League of Nations' Assembly. The or ganisation of the ten-year-old University of Liubliana owes much to his initiative, which was largely inspired by his experi ence of Oxford and Cambridge. ? ? ? ? '-P.B.' in tho Paris 'Croix' tells an anocdoto of the Slovene Catholic priest, Fa ther Koroshetz, who was so recently the Yugo-Slaviaji Premier. At Christmas, the priest-statesman was called to the telephone. In answer to a brisk, 'Hullo, hullo! Are you the Prime Minister?' Father Koro shetz replied, 'Yes. Who is it?' Promptly came the response: 'I'm the Catholic priest of X ? parish, and I'm in trouble over the 7 o'clock Mass to-morrow morning. The priest I'd counted on can't say it. Could you come?' Father Koroshetz said 'Yes;' and next morning — St. Stephen's Day — the faithful at a certain Low Mass found that tho First Minister of the Crown was giving them Holy Communion. ? ? ? ? A statue of Christ is to be erected on the most beautiful and famous peak of the Vosges Mountains, above the village of Trois-Epines, which was on the border of France when Alsace was in Gorman hands. The statue will be of bronze*, seven metres high, and will be erected on a 14-metre pedestal. The latest Catholic statistics from the U.S.A. are satisfactory indeed. In its 1929 edition, the official 'Catholic Directory' estimates the Catholic population at 21,453,928, which is a gain of over six and a quarter millions in 20 years. In New York alone there are more than two million Catholics. Innocent of participation in. politics, Rev. Father David Maduro, S.J., has none . the less been put to death. This murder was carried out on February 14 at Parras, in the State of Coahuila. This is only one of many signs that the persecution will not be stayed under the Provisional Presi dent Gil. ? ? ' ? ? ? That there are six Catholics among the 14 Ministers of the new Yugo-Slav regime is satisfactory; but the most pleasing fact is that a Catholic is Minister for Public .Worship, with Orthodox and Mohammedan as well as Catholic interests to protect im partially. M. Alaoupovitch is a highly edu cated and religious man. Not long ago he visited an Orthodox seminary on one of its high days, and gave the students a beau tiful address on their sacred calling, and its responsibilities. ?? ? ? * . So efficient hag been the instruction given by the Catholic Brothers of the Pious Society of Missions at Beagle Bay, that the aborigines now have charge of the blacksmithing, carpentry, saddlery, butchering, and bakery departments, in which their work is equal to that of ordinary tradesmen. Rev. Father Droste, who has served 21 years at the P.S.M., of which he is the rector, is on his way to Germany. He said that the mission had 3000 cattle, and fed and clothed 230 aborigines daily. There were seven of the Brothers on the mission staff, and 60 black children, who were taught by eight Sisters, could sing Latin hymns, and Eng lish, German, Italian, and Spanish songs. Some of the blacks could speak a little French. Five of the Brothers had served 25 years without . a holiday. ' ' We are try ing to serve Australia,' said Father Droste. Two well-known convert priests, both monks of Downside, Dom Ethelbert Home, O.S.B., and Dom Bede' Camm, O.S.B.j are Fellows of a highly appreciated . public body, tho Royal Society of Antiquarians. Father Ethelbert has been a Catholic half a century, Father Bede nearly 40 years. . Father Ethelbert is perhaps the most notable of authorities upon Somersetshire antiquities, and also upon the interesting, if remote, subject of scratch sundials, and he edits the Procedings of the Somerset shire Archaeological Society. He .also finds time to share with Dom Bruno Hicks, O.S.B., a large part of the local govern ment of that part of. Somersetshire in ., which Downside is. It is understood that he looks after education and the poor, while Dom Bruno looks after the water supply and the drains. Also Downside ? has its own private coalmine, so cunning ly concealed with in tho Abbey property that visitors are unaware even of its existence. In St. Peter s yet another restoration has been started, and the old pavement be fore the altar of the Madonna Gregorina and the tomb of Pope Gregory XVI. lias been taken up. Tho new marbles are all ready to be put in their places, and it is expected that this work will be completed before the Beatification ceremonies of April and May take place. When this pavement is completed there romains only a space about the Papal altar which still needs renewal, and its completion will end the renewal of the whole pavement of the Basilica, begun under Pope Pius X. Tho Sistine Chapel, which has been the object of very special caro and solicitude on tho part of the present Holy Father, who has now had all the foundations strengthened in such a way that the chapel is perfectly solid for centuries to come, is now to be tho object of yet further care. For each ceremony held in the Sistine it was neces sary to erect a baldacchino over the altar and also over the Papal throne. ? - ? . ? . Those operations, though conducted with the greatest care, were 'likely to damage the walls, every inch of which are of much artistic value. To obviate this danger the Pope is having a beautiful wooden Crucifix of 1400 placed over the altar in such a way that the famous 'fresco' of the Last Judgment will hardly bo hidden at all, and also a new throne for the Pope is pre pared in such a way that no support will bo needed from the walls, so as to avoid all irons or hooks being placed in them. This new Papal throne for tho Sistine is to be a gift to tho Pope for his jubilee. It is being presented by the Association of the Catholic Artists of Rome. It is al ready completed and was on show in the rooms of tho Artieticn Operaia. It was plac ed in position in the Eistine for Easter Sun day. . : In succession to Pastor, Dr. ? Ignatius Philip Dengol'. . Professor of History in the ? University of Innsbruck, becomes Director of the Austrian Institute of Historical studies in Rome. This is an ideal appoint ment, seeing that Dr. Dengel is an en thusiastic disciple of Pastor. He is the writer of the 'Encyclopaedia Britannica?' Studies of the Popes from 1590 to the pre sent day. Among his other works is a history of the Venetians in Rome, especial ly the Palazzo Venezia and the Basilica of Wt. Mark. . » « ♦ w The splendid work of the agricultural orphanages which, since their foundation in France in 1895, have provided homes for 6000 children, who have been brought up, given a Christian education, and trained to become expert . farmers, has apread to other countries. Among the establishments outside France are those at Tcya in Spain, and Cagliari in Sardinia, and, latest of all, that at Fedahla in Morocco. This last was opened only last year., but it already . provides a home for 23 young prospective farmers, orphans of Europeans, who are accomplishing wonders with the rich Moroccan soil. * ? ? ? News from Mount Lebanon tells of the joy with which the Maronites are cele brating the thirtieth aniversary of the appointment of their Patriarch, his Beati tude Peter Elias Huayek, whose nomina tion as Maronite Patriarch of Antioch was confirmed as far back as the Consistory of June 6, 1889. The Patriarch has enjoyed the episcopal dignity for 45 years, having been appointed Archbishop by Leo XIII. in 1883. There are few more venerablo figures in the world than this aged Orien tal ecclesiastic, with flowing while beard and hair, who in his 86th year shows the virility of a man of 70. Heading the large concourse of Maronites that wended \- its way to congratulate their Patriarch on the thirtieth anniversary of his appoint ment were the President of the young State of Lebanon, the Prime Minister, with the members of *the Government. There seems to bo a little doubt about who exactly is the figurehead of the Scot tish Nationalist movement, which is \- organising for the British general election, whether Mr. R. B. Cunninghame Graham or Mr. Compton Mackenzie. Probably Mr. Cunninghame Graham has it, for without disrespect to Mr. Compton Mackenzie, it would be a poor movement that failed to take such a figurehead as Mr. Cunning hame Graham at its picturesque value. It was Conrad who paia Mr. Cunninghame Graham a compliment that must have delighted him: 'You seem to know more of all things than I thought it possible for any man to know since the renaissance swells (who knew everything about every thing) perished by sword, dagger, poison, and pest in the glorious yesterday of the world.' ? * « ? One of the most wonderful treasures of Cologne Cathedral is a golden shrine — the finest of all the masterpieces which have come down to us from the goldsmiths of the Middle Ages. It wa3 made in the \- famous workshop of St. Pantaloon's Abbey at Cologne by a monk, Nicholas of Verdun, towards the end of the twelfth century, and it is now so valuable that it is ex hibited only once a year at the great festi val of the Epiphany. The brilliant lights beneath show very dimly on the vaulting, for the Cathedral is half as high again as York Minster, although not nearly eo long. Under the cast window a bright cluster of small olectric lights is arranged, in the shape of a star, with beams descending on the three crowns, under which the initials 'C. M. B.' symbolise Caspar, Melchoir, and Balthasar, the Three Kings from the East who followed the Star. '?.?«? # ? ? ? , After 56 years sacerdotal work, the parish priest of Mourne Abbey, County Cork, in the diocese of Cloyne, has died there, to the great regret of his people and fellow-priests. Father James Glcasure was a native of Glanworth, and was edu cated for the priesthood in France, but was' obliged to transfer to St. Patrick's Collego, Thurles, on account of the out break of tho Franco-Prussian war; and he was there ordained in 1873. For some years he laboured as a missionary in New Zealand; and on his return to Cloyne he was successively curate at Mitchclstown, Castlemartyr, Ballyvourney, Grenagh and Ballyhea. In 1915 he was appointed to Mourne Abbey. — R.I.P. * » * ? Three of the pioneer Bishops of the Church in Canada were Highland Scotch: MacDonnoll of Kingston, a noted prolate and patriot; MacEachorn of Prince Ed ward Island; Fraser of Antigonish, Nova Scotia. In the diocese of Antigonish alone thene are to-day between fifty and sixty thousand Highland Scotch Catholics; they form the larger clement in the diocese of Charlottetowu and Alexandria, and are to be found in no inconsiderable number throughout the length and broadfh of tho Dominion from Cape Breton to Vancouver Island. Vizagapatam (India) has lost a valu able member in Rev. Brother Emile, a Swiss, who has died .at the.ago of 50,. af ter,. 30 years in religon and 22 years on the mission. From early youth he was brought up amidst machinery, and he soon mastered the intricacies of the vast field of engin eering. At 20 ho joined the mission. He was often called for when a difficult piece of machinery needed the deft hands of the expert, and he was nevor known to fail in setting right any machinery. Whilo at Annccy, he won a gold medal for his most up-to-date engine, which won the admira tion of many at an exhibition. Love of work was a special trait in lys- character, and he was a model of a man who never lost an instant of his time. His generosity was as great as his love of work, and many are the poor who received help from him. His part in the. St. Aloysius' works will remain a standing monument to his knowl edge and abilities. He taught hundreds to earn their bread by industry. — R.I.P. In the Indian School of painting section, at the Madras Fine Arts Society, Mr. A. D. Thomas received the first prize for his beautifully executed ' Christ of tho In dian Road.' Done in the characteristic Indian style, there is a spiritual atmos phere about this picture that is attained only by this particular school. It repre sents a group- of Hindus on the steps of a temple, and in the centre of the group is the figure of Christ healing a lame man. Though the Hindu figures are done in the Indian style, the figure of Christ is after the conventional mode, with a halo round the bearded head. * ♦ * * , Five Cardinals are going to Prague to take part in the millennial of St. Wences las, King and Patron of Czecho-Slovakia. Cardinal Bourne is leading the English pilgrims, and Cardinal Dubois the French. Other members of the Sacred College who are participating in the festival are Car dinal Bertram, of Germany; Cardinal Hlond, of Poland; and Cardinal Piffl, of Austria. It is reported that the Holy Father will publish a Brief on the occa sion of the celebrations, which will in clude an Anglo-Czech triduum. The chil dren of Prague are learning to a*ng a Czech version of the English carol 'Good King Wenceslas' to the English tune. Besides the territory comprised within the City of the Vatican; a great number of-rother properties scattered all over Rome have been given back to the Holy See. These properties are divided into two classes: those which enjoy the privi lege of extra-territoriality, freedom from taxes and expropriation for public utility; and those which enjoy the same privileges as the first-class, except that of extra territoriality. In the extra-territorial group are included all the seats of the various Congregations of the Church, and all the residences attached to the greater and lesser basilicas.- The Palace of San Calisto, residence of Cardinals 'Bisleti and Gasquet, is included here, and the beauti ful Barberini Villa at Castoi Gandolfo, with its very extensive grounds, is to be bought out and also made extraterri torial. ? ? ? » ? ? ??? The body of the Rev. Father Henry Thameling, pastor of St. William's Church, Raquettc Lake (N.Y.), was found' under the ice in the Raquette Lake a few feet from a hole through which his car had plunged. The discovery of the body was made after an all-night search. The car was found in 40 feet of water; with the lights still burning. An open door in the car indicated that Father Thameling, known to be a strong swimmer, had escap ed from the car, but he was finable to find the opening in the ice. Father Thameling was last seen the previous afternoon, when he left the village to return to the rectory, driving on the lake where the ice waa 14 inches thick in piaces. . His niece sounded an alarm when he failed to appear at the lectory. Father Thameling was born in Louisville, Ky., and received the degree of Doctor of Divinity at the Gregorian Col lege, Rome. — R.I.P. * * ? ? * With even greater solemnity than that of former years the Catholic journalists of Rome have celebrated the feast . of their patron, St. Francis de Sales, Bishop of Geneva, exquisite writer, whom the Holy Sec assigned to them as guido and protec tor. Editors of the daily and weekly Ca tholic newspapers in the city, correspon doftta of foreign journals, and representa tives of ncw8agcncies, made up a large congregation in the Salopians' Church of the Sacred Heart, so large, indeed, that poople not belonging, to the Fourth Estate expressed surprise at the strength shown in the numbers -belonging to that power in the Eternal City. Most of tho journalists received Holy Communion from tho hands, of tho celebrant of tho Mass, Very Rev. Father J; Buccolcri, S.J., himself one of tho staff ? of tho 'Civilta Cattolica.' .Mass ended, the 'Te Deum' was sung, alter natol.v by the clroir and the journalists, and. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given. After hearing a stirring ad dress from their confroro, Father Bucco leri, on the ideals of a Catholic journalist, the whole body was entertained to break fast by the Salosian Fathers. ? ♦ ? » Details aro now available of the number and distribution of tho training contros proposed to bo allowed in France, in tho case of five of tho seven Missionary Con gregations which are to bo authorised by Articles 33-42 of the Budget. The Whito Fathers arc to have five houses in France, at towns indicated, and, of courso, several in- 'Algeria. The African ? Missions' of Lyons will have 12, and with a total of 71 membors.— The- French Franciscans rof the Foreign Missipns arc to be entitled to' have ]80 members of tho Order in Franco dis tributed among a dozen houses. The Capu chins of the 'Missiohaires du Levant' will, as befits their long history and special function, be tolerated on a somewhat more extensivo scale. They may maintain in Franco 290 friars, in 20 houses. Tho Bro thers of the Christian Schools arc ? to be. allowed to have 16 centres. All these cen tres arc fixed by the Bill. - These are the five Congregations for whom Maurice Barres strove to obtain recognition. The other two arc the. Picpus Fathers and tho Marist Brothers, and there are also the two Congregations of Religieuses, making nine in all. Particulars of what is pro posed in regard to the four last-mentioned^ are not yet available. « ? ? In a country where cases of extra ordinary longevity of life are not rare, it would perhaps be rash to say who is the oldest man in Ireland; But certainly Owen Connolly, who recently died at the age of 108, must have been one of the very oldest if not the oldest inhabitant. Owen belong ed to Easkey, a parish in the diocese of Killala. He attributed his long life to regular habits, including the habit of hard work, living to demonstrate that labour and cheerfulness together are worth a lot of* doctors' medicine. * ? ? » One of the last links in Rome with the late Pope Pius X. has passed away with the death of Monsignor Zanotto, Canon of St. Peter's, who died suddenly at the age of 90 years, as he entered the choir to join in the Divine Office. Canon Zanotto was a schoolmate of the late Pius X., a man of wide culture, and a poet of recognised standing.— R.I.P. » * » * On December 7 a great-granddaughter of Le-van Dujtet, at one time Viceroy of Cochin China, was clothed as a Carmelite at the monastery of the Sacred Heart at Hanoi, Indo-China. Le-van Duyet himself was never a Catholic, but rendered valu able aid to the Church on several occa sions, especially Avhen Minh-Menh began a persecution in the early nineteenth cen tury. Le-van Duyet refused to carry out his orders. Twenty years ago his descend ants became Catholics, and were baptized by the venerable Vicar- Apostolic of Hanoi, Bishop Gendreau, who on the present occa sion presided at the clothing. There aro five Carmelite monasteries in Indo-China, and nearly one and a quarter millions of Catholics out of a total population of 18,000,000, =. * * * » Cardinal Mezzofanti, -the world-famous linguist, has a humble follower at Leeds, England, in Mr. Harry Robinson, a parish ioner of St. Augustine's Church, and a railway porter by occupation, who claims proficiency in 22 languages. His knowledge of .Latin he owes to his Catholic upbring ing, but it was not until the early days of the war that he interested himself in other languages. Finding a French novel in a railway compartment, by the aid of a dic tionary he mastered it, and this whetted his appetite; He joined the Leeds Poly glot Society, and -is now able to speak French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian and Danish, and can read and write Greek, Hindustani,' Dutch, Arabic, Persian, Turk ish, Swedish, Norwegian, Portuguese, Rou manian, Serbian, Bulgarian, Chinese, Jap anese, and Esperanto. Chinese is the only language which' he has not fully mastered. * ??* * * A Marian Congress, attended by the Nun cio as well as by many prelates, was the chief feature in the recent celebrations of tho fourth centenary of Venezuela's first Mass. In 1528, on the spot which is now St. Clement's Square, in the city of Coro, tho Holy Sacrifice was offered for the first time in* this part of the South American continent. A cross, protected by a chapel, marks the place. During the rejoicings the Catholicity- of Coro's citizens was abund antly manifested. One of the most striking ceremonies was the blessing of regimental colours by the Nuncio, on which occasion . the soldiers received Holy Communion with a General at their head. At this centenary the Nuncio, by special arrangement, repre sented not only the Sovereign Pontiff, but also the King of Spain. Although Coro is no great city to-day, it has a rich past, and was of importance ; long before Caracas became the seat of administration. Writing of Venezeula reminds us of a story told in Tim Healy's 'Remi- niscences.' In 1839 the Hague Tribunal - was adjudicating on the dispute between Britain and Venezeula, over the boundary on the British Guiana side of the Repub . lie. Lord Russell of Killowen was the Bri tish representative on the tribunal. Ben jamin Harrison, ex-President of the U.S.A., was the advocate for Venezeula's claim. The British claim rested on the contention that the disputed territory was a Dutcli conquest; the Venezuelan was based on the assertion that it was a Spanish conquest. Sir Frank Lockwood, the British Attorney General, told the story to Tim Healy. Lockwood said that Harrison, to get evi dence, went to Spain to visit the Jesuit monasteries.' There he came on letters from the Carib Coast .(claimed by England), which were sent by Spanish missionaries to their Mother Houso. The Caribs were a ferocious tribe, and Harrison produced to tho tribunal copies of these letters which created intense interest. Lockwood told Healy they were couched in terms like these: Reverend Father. — We grieve to tell you that Padre ? , when attempting to minister to the Caribs yesterday was deprived of his legs and arms, and has only a few hours to live. Send us at once another priest to take his place. — Your brother in J.C. Letter after letter of the same import was read by Harrison with dramatic skill. Each showed that the Carib soil was not colonised by Dutch Protestants, but by Spanish Catholics. As he read the last despatch depicting the tortured martyrdom of a priest, he fastened his gaze on Rus sell, murmuring in a broken voice a thril ling but simple peroration: 'Thus unflinch ingly the soldiers of the Cross went for ward on their mission, regardless of suffer ing, mutilation and death. Were they Span ish Catholics or Dutch Calvanists?' Lock wood said to Healy: 'I saw tears stream ing down Russell's cheeks, and felt that England's claim to a territory depending on a Dutch pedigree was no more. ? ? » » Monsignor Deitmer, Bishop-Auxiliary to Cardinal Bertram, of Breslau, has passed away. Berlin, with its mixed flocks of Ca tholics from all parts of the Reich, was this energetic and holy prelate's sphere of labour, and it was largely his doing that Berlin, in 1925, saw the unprecedented spectacle of a Corpus Christi procession in the streets. — R.I.P. 