THE IMMIGRANTS BIG RISK Danish Expert founds a Note of Warning LITTLE OR THE WORK IN Little Denmark is the most progressive agricultural country in the world. Science, education and co-operation have revolutionised farming in Denmark and put it on a sound footing. In that country there are no land-grabbers holding good agricultural lahd forpastime. Most farmers own their own farms and are proud of the fact. The Danes are a race of farmers who understand cultivation better than any other race on earth. , THE INVESTIGATOR'S .... .OPINION. But Denmark, like all other European countries, is overstocked with the human race, and the Government is on the look-out for an overseas settlement for the farming community. With this object in view, the Danish Government sent Mr. Peter Hansen to Australia to investigate conditions here, and report on the chances of a Danish settlement.. Mr. Hansen is a highly-qualified dairy, expert and cultivator who has no axe to grind. He came to Australia to see "for himself, and has travelled all over the continent He is not one of the dashing sort, who comes here and is filled up with dope and goes home and boosts a laud he has had no practical experience of. Mr. Hansen mixed with all sorts of rural people and shunned die guzzlers and high-falutin boosters who speak with their tongues in their cheeks, and this is his opinion, which is different from the highly-paid expert of the Duckham type:— "As a result of my numerous investigations, inquiries' and observations, I am quite convinced that for anyone to come out to Australia with a few hundred pounds to engage in agriculture is taking a very big risk of losing his moneys I am going to convey that considered verdict to the Danish Government." In the course of his peregrinations, Mr. Hansen visited a group settlement of Danes in the north- eastern mallee district of Victoria. These were engaged in share-farming during the past three years, and their case is pathetic, but not at all unusual in that district. Farming in the mallee is a mere gamble. One might make a competence in a couple of years, or go stone broke. As an agricultural country Australia is uncertain, except in favored districts. Listen to the tale of these would-be farmers: — FARMERS ON THE ROCKS. Their first two t:rops of wheat were failures, and the last averaged about nine bushels. By the time they had paid the machinery and instalments, storekeepers' bills, and forage account* there was nothing left. The total result of three years' hard work, averaging 16 hours a day, was that, through no fault of their own, they were practically penniless. The climate is largely responsible for this result. But this district is climatically favored in comparison with many other localities where settlers are properly settled. - , THE SWAGMEN'S OUTLOOK. Mr. Hansen, in his travels, found men on all the roads "humping Matilda." These he took good care to interview, ftp was told that work on farms was scarce as free drinks in a thirsty Uaid. Farmers, graziers and squatters employing as little labor as possible jse days, and improvements, such as 3y are, are done by the family. E "IRRESPONSIBLE" TRAVELLER. is the same old story of a man the truth being derided ana ised by the capitalist press, who want with money brought here at any to Assist the advertiser and boode- That Is what is damning Ausia. Look at the Northern Territory, its paid boosters, gulling the people pout "the magnificent potentialities and it mineral wealth." Why, Mr. J. W. [akeley, in his report to the Federal iistry, recommends the whole of Arn- |m Land as a reservation for the aboles, And that is about the best jgestion put forward for a long time, the experts that have reported on ttfis No-Man's-Land were well paid by tj®. Government, and the result is iftthing. A traveller like Mr. Hansen, bV myself, who tells the truth is irresponsible. /^DEMOCRATIC HERITAGE. &What; is wrong with Australia and Australian settlement? The big land npmopolists own the pick of the country, and the would-be settler is sent Inio the wilderness. If the stories of Received and disillusioned settlers could be told, they would stagger the man in the street. In Denmark intensive production is a national necessity, and no ohe knows the game better than the Dane. There are no vast wholly or semi-neglected sheep and cattle walks there. Here in Australia beasts browse on knee-deep grass that should be under wheat. In Denmark the land is a democratic heritage, and the Danish primary producer enjoys quick and profitable sales for practically the whole of his ptKHlucts. untramelled by the grasp of the middleman. IMMIGRATION A DELUSION. And to-day the capitalist press is howling for indiscriminate immigration. It is a nightmare, an absurdity, a fraud and a delusion. Mr. Hansen's statements are irrefutable. They are made with careful investigation, and are correct up to the liilt. No one is a pessimist for fun. There are always two sides to the question, and wholesale immigration under present conditions prevailing iu Australia is a grave mistake, and leading to disaster. But the greedy cormorants of society care not one iota, as long as they fill their overflowing pouches. They are out for money, 110 matter who suffers. All the immigrants arriving here with cash help the cunning schemers of Collinsstreet and The Lane, who live on others' misfortunes. All the Peace Conferences and the like are so much hot air. Where is that £20,000,000 Housing Scheme promised by Bruce? They are a lot of humbugs, fooling the people by gibberish. and the capitalistic press backs them up for very obvious reasons. Industrial Peace Conferences are a hoax by the capitalists to gull Mr. Mugwumps. Vide employers' rejection of "Peace-in- Industry" report in England. IMMIGRANTS' CHANCE LIKE BUCKLEY'S. The fact remains and cannot be disputed that, if in the opinion of this Danish expert, his people, who are experienced cultivators from childhood, cannot hope to succeed in Australia, what chance have British coal miners, or foreign city dwellers? As a matter of fact, they have Buckley's chance. They are doomed to failure, but the £34,000,000 provided by the British Government will go into the pockets of the schemers who hoodwink the workers and grow rich on their labor. And even if provision were made for England's "not-wanteds," they would eventually make back to the cities to increase the unemployed. The land is not too inviting, especially in a hot, dry season. The statement of Denmark's expert should make the "whole- hoggers" think a bit before running Australia on the rocks, where the Bruce Government is steering fast. At any rate, Mr. Hansen's warning in such strong terms, has much more than a Danish interpretation and application. And it should be broadcast throughout Britain and Europe generally, and put on the screen there. Mr. Bruce does not ask the advice of men like Mr. Peter Hansen. He prefers the Boodling Brigade and irresponsible M booster. W. WALL1S. lift I 