"It's Manners To Wait Till You're Asked," Says Sung Chinese Consul- Gen'l Tells Why R.S.V.P. Migration Cards Would Be Wasted On China Now But Trading Facilities Between China and Australia Offer Immense Possibilities To Farmers Here g £uumiiniWMiii:muninn:niiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiHiiiitiii^ | VISITING West Australia, he was entertained at dinner by the Chung Wah (Chinese) Association in the Palace | § Hotel, his hosts including Mr. Yingman (president of the § | Chung Wah Association), Mr. Alexander Shem and Mr. <| | Harold Shem (vice- presidents), Dr. Albert K. Shem, Mr. | | Louey, Mr. Hop Poy, Mr. Chung Kim, Mr. Lums and Mr. Ho | | King (secretary). A number of leading Perth (British) § | citizens attended by invitation, and of the honor they con- | § ferred by their presence, the Consul General spoke apprecia- | | lively and tactfully. | FiiimiiiiiimiiuiiiiiiuiiiiiiihiiiiiniiiimiiiuiiiiinnmiiiiiiiM^^ A very polite Consul General is IV T. Sung. Like many of the higher merchant Chinese in Perth, it. would not be easy to distinguish him as a' Chinaman in a crowd. Not that Sungr would mind the distinction. The quiet, scholarly face, and the eyes of repose that meet you through the glasses, personify the modern intellectual China, of which the average Australian knows so little. For that China Sung has no apologies. In the most tactful way he speaks of racial pre.iii.liecs exemplified in the color bar. He uv a no such terms himself. fte pitir •S, rather than reproaches those who speak of inferiority in the Chinese race, and he smiled quietly into his wine glass on Friday night when one or two European s"cakers voiced encouraging hopes of the day when China would advance to the level of our civilisation, etc. No, Sung has no illusions about Chinese inferiority. He knows his race. He knows it is a great race, with a civilisation that makes western civilisation a babe in swaddling clothes by comparison. It is a different civilisation, that is all—a civilisation that has not counted its gains and losses in Western terms, and would not like to do so, wholly now. For Sung, with his European education, knows that there are many things in Western civilisation that the West would like to forget. • One thing he would not like it to forget: that the 460,000,000 of Chinese will never slumber on their demand for racial equality. But he says it so tactfully. Not the faintest suggestion that the "slumbering" giant will ever do anything improper or unpleasant to enforce its viewpoint. Merely the conviction that the larger understanding of the giant by the "slumbering" world will of itself achieve the inevitable. So! He appeals to our intelligence. In ever so polite a fashion, he condones our ignorance, pats us on the back, and says, in effect, "You really are good fellows; when you have acquired a little more intelligence, all will be well, and we shall be great friends." How can you quarrel with such a man? British and Chinese alike Sung his praises in the toast in his honor, and Sung looked, as he undoubtedly felt, as if he had done a very good night's work for his beloved China. And Sung does love his clhina. Ho uiuiiiiii»uiimiuunnnHiiKiii- JwiuiiHimimiiiiiiiuuuiiinmniinmuuuuiinin is a great souled 'patriot, is Sung. It was impossible to think of him and the cultured Chinese merchants about him in the Palace Hotel on Friday night, as "colored persons." That was Sung's victory. That is his key. A better understanding, a closer fellowship, a deeper respect, and—hey presto—the Job is done. Not that Sung would sugest that Australia should absorb any noticeable proportion of China's overflowing vessel of human souls. Sung is diplomatic. He knows that the mjiss of Australians do n»t understand tee Chinese, though they are possibly kinder to the Chinese in Australia than to any other "colored persons" in the world. Many Australians frankly like the Chinese. They are demonstrably a decent, law abiding people. They work hard. They insinuate themselves unostentatiously into channels of their own. They do not compete with Australian labor. They give the Chambers of Commerce no concern. But they live and thrive and have their being just the same. . Sung knows it all. There is no kidstakeg about him. Proud representative of a proud race, he spoke again and again of the honor the distinguished Perth citizens had bestowed upon him—the humble Sung, Consul General in Australia—by their presence. Such courtesy! Such An honor! In Australian venacular, Sung "knows his onions; and more, how to slice them-" He did not tell his audience of the great change in emigration sentiment in China, nor of China's prohibition of •Jie export of cheap labor to other countries. For years other countries have made a footstool of China. Her underdogs have traversed the universe to'work for the white men at beggar's pittances. "Them days is gone." The status of those workers and the frugal lives they were forced to live degraded China in the eyes of other lands and reduced her status. So the Chin ese Republic says "No more!" The Chinese who go to other lands, in future, will be educated; and they will go, according to the laws of those countries, and in pursuance of the trade relations which China is everywhere trying to establish with other lands. So says Sung, anyway. "We Chinese could consume the whole of Australia's surplus of wool and produce'" said Harold Shem, proposing the toast of the Parliament of Western Australia. "Whereat Sung nodded his head in n MiiimiiHiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiitiiuiniiiniiiniiiiunHiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiHiMHiiiuiiiiHiiii acquiescence and added later "Provided the trading facilities are provided. Our individual purchasing power is small" he said, "but our mass purchasing power is immense." In an informative address, Sung carried his audience through the travail of the hundred and one Chinese dialects to the common inspiration of nationhood evolving through the centuries when China, spoke more languages and carried more human souls than all Europe together. He traced the revolution against the dynasty, and emphasised that China's restoration to ordered government was no more tardy than that which was needed" after European revolutions. China's demand for economic independence, for the control of her own customs and for the abolition of extraterritorial rights (under which European races lived, as nations part, within the bosom of China) were, he suggested pleasantly, unanswerable. And it did seem, in the Palace Hotel, as if Sung held a straight bat on a perfect wicket. Bowling ,him out looked as if it would "be a formidable proposition. LAW CODES The reason, said Sung, for the establishment of extraterritorialty in 1844, was the fact that foreigners objected to the Chinese law codes. There was not sufficient differentiation, for example, between intentional and : unintentional killing. For some years now, however, there had been sitting in China-a law codification Commission under the chairmanship of Dr. Wong Chung Hui, the most eminient Western trained Chinese jurist. Careful examination had been made of the fundamental village practices along many lines, as being the basis for new law codes. Revised criminal codes, and criminal procedure codes had already been promulgated, and new civil codes, and commercial codes had also been promulgated last month. Germany and Austria lost extraterritorial rights in China during the war. Russia voluntarily renounced hers by the treaty of equality between China and Russia in 1924. Belgium, Italian, Portuguese, Danish and Spanish people resident in' China no longer enjoy extraterritorial rights. New treaties of equality having been concluded during 1928 with the governments of powers concerned. In April, 1929, China through her Minister of Foreign Affairs communicated identical notes to the Governments of Great Britain, France and America expressing the wish for the revising of existing treaties before their expiry. ; and "for removing of limitations upon China's jurisdictional sovereignty imposed upon her by the. powers." To quote from the note: THE REQUEST "If your Excellency's government could see its way clear to meet the wishes of the Chinese Government and people in this regard, it is certain that another obstacle to the full and frank co-operation, in trade or otherwise, beween the Chinese people and for- . eign nationals in -this country would be happily removed." These three powers communicated to the Chinese government, on August 10th that they were not yet willing to renounce these rights, but the replies were sympathetic in form, and left the way open for further communication on the subject. It is certain that China will continue to use every effort toward the early abrogation of this international inequality. In Australia, as in other countries, a study of the inequalities in which Chinese people find themselves was being made, said Sung. In the matter of immigration because, towards the end of last century China was weak as a sovereign power, many countries had dealt with the question of Chinese immigration upon a purely domestic basis, wthout the conclusion of definite treaties or agreements between China and the country concerned. This had not applied to other countries, even . to other countries of Oriental origin. Definite understanding had mutually been come to by the governments of other countries by which they agreed to limit migration to the receiving country. China has not the opportunity for such mutual agreement, and with the new policy of seeking equality in all matters, including the status of overseas Chinese people, it wag possible that the next few years will see some outstanding examples of modification of the treatment of Chinese nationals abroad. So spoke Sung. And what Sung *an do. Sung wilf do, for Sung loves China and the Chinese and is a quiet, methodical, boil-over of patriotism, if such a paradox be hijmaniy poss ; bte. MR. ALEXANDER SHEM, Scoth College product, and the type .i of Modern China that "makes all the difference." F. T. SUNG, Consut-Genera! for China in Australia. DR. A. K. SHEM, A fully qualified medical man, and another'of the type of Modern China that makes color sentiment difficult to express. Fred Hanson's Dugite (See "Snakes - ' story on this page). jiiiiiiiifiimiaitiinnuiiiuuniiiMDiiiiiiiiiM iiiiiiiMiiiiMHiiiniMiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiniNiriiniiiiiiiiiUMiiiiuiiiuiiniiMiinuiiiiiMiiuiiiimnnMtiiiiiMiuniniimtMiiiiiutuiimt 