WOMEN IN PUBLIC LIFE IN CANADA Ll: Canada haiio at.'hieve 1 1 only in taeir had share of wotv.en •s. work ii - • 1 mother-'. L01C ' «'• ' ! 1 ' ' ^ C F-.K P Huto •Ulil j p1J b I i Members of j •tor-. members •hool bo i.ru. and of municipal j ..I mend. 11' l he civil Ser- Mi- A-tnes M aephail Federal House. i- a I'abilie' of v;b.-i -a. oi(e| iiit-tiib'-r et lles.r'e ?ig and mi* V I)to\e tit; aniiainertt.- 1 thai ii)fo;u. e Hounds enthu^iastii". e keeps hef ail o further ; iic reductiwif t afisrn. t common Mil: many women m ar. cia. -lo- 1- .-oa"er; -d at the tiigh aternal dea'.h-rate, and %voulU like to ->-•• action on t. tie report of the Deartment of Health on this subject, ossibly in the way of maternal insurnce or bonuses. 11.)- interest in agriculture is deep, nd site -wishes to see such economic hanges as would make agriculture a more satisfactory life, economically, socially, and from the standpoint of ulture. She is interested in immigration, and n the reform ot penal institutions, that the individual may be really improved, not merely punished by imprisonment. In short, Miss Macphail j- a thorough woman—alive to all feminine interests, and in a position to help forward all rhar tends "o the betterment of her beloved Canada. Mrs. Irene Parlby is a Cabinet Minister without portfolio in Alberta. She has brought forward (several bills of great value to the women of her province including Acts for 'he unmarried mo he cl;l s-'ifictl' toll of If I he 1 lower Act . She l.ai ee appointed to enquire into ti.e whole 1 ].t.*stion of women's property ri^li -. while a.-r a member she c,!!-;d, t-s alt those measures which are for .he go...! of 'ie con. in it;, it y as a whole in her ri.ral con-ii : iienr-y. especially good roads and better education. As reported ar the time. Mrs. Parlby addressed the International Committee of the Danish National Council of Women while in Furope last year. The Hon. Mary Ellen Smith, who for the first time represents the Canadian Government at the LaboiTr Conference was in the late Liberal Government in British Columbia as Minister without port folio. The lion. Mary Ellen Smith hr.s be^n in the l'riti-h Columbia Provincial House for a longtime, and wa.s instrumental in obtaining the passing of much legislation of importance to women, the Minimum Wage Act. and a very remarkable testator's Act for the protection of wife and children of a man left improperly r. r ovided for. 