OPINIONS OF JUDGES. Mr. W. A. Herkes (Senior Common- wealth Grader of Victoria), who was the judge of butter at the exhibition, congratulated Queensland members on the high quality of the exhibits. Out of over 200 exhibits only 7 per cent, were definitely wood tainted. He arrived, at the conclusion that the longer the butter was stored the more pronounced the wood taint became. The competition was so keen that Mr. Laffan and ho had experienced qreat difficulty in making their decisions. The i'ldustry m Queensland was on the up grade, and he was confident that Queensland wculd double its dalry exports within the next 10 years. With the advantage of the Paterson scheme, and the duly on New Zea- land butter they were approaching *.he most prosperous period the industry had ever experienced. Mr. W. Laffan (Victoria), who judged the cheese exhibits, said he had acted as judge in Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, and this was the finest exhibition he had ever seen. He con- gratulated them on the excellent "get up" of Queensland cheese. STARTLING DISCLOSURES. Mi-, G. H. Heers (State Grader), who adjudicated in the continuous Judging competition, said several out standing facts gave food for serious thought. The tabulated results show- ed at a glance that the efforts gener- ally regarding quality were unsatisfac- tory. The variations from month to month were anything but creditable. The erratic water content was serious. Some of the butters taken at random from the floor during April had held up remarkably well, but others had fallen to low second grades. Undoubt- edly that was exactly the condition of those butters upon arrival in London, and bore out many discomforting re- ports from abroad. During the 11 months from July, 1928, to May, 1929, 30,309 boxes of choice and first had been graded di»wn to second grade, <md 1207 cases from choice and first to third grade. The true cause of tnis was that too much Inferior cream found Us way into the vat. To .some extent it was true that with the pre- sent system of high processing. It was possible to incorporate a quantity of second-grade cream with that intend- ed for the higher grades of butter, and deceive the grader in its early scigcs, ti the advantage of the fa<tory man- agement. In practice, however, the factory which paid a supplier for first grade when it was not, was acting unfairly towards me majority of the producers who supplied a first grade article. The system was vicious, and was likely to do incalculable harm to the industry. The amount of cream actually graded las seconds by the factory showed a serious discrepancy with the actual amount of butter offi- cially graded as seconds. The president referred to Mr. Heers' remarks as "Startling disclosures." Addresses were delivered by Mr. W. T. Harris on "Impressions gained in regard to dairying Industry during world tour," and Mr. O, A. Mendelsohn on "General description of dairying matters overseas." The latter advo- cated the introduction of Danish immigrants, who would "stiffen up" the dalry industry in Australia. He said that in England 50 per cent, more milk was drunk, than in Australia. He thought that they might exploit the wider distribution of milk as a means of finding an outlet for their surplus production. 