BUTTER AND CHEESE. BRISBANE EXHIBITION. Judges Greatly Impressed. STATE GRADER'S DISCLOSURES. BRISBANE, Thursday.—Mr. W. A. Herkes, Senior Commonwealth Grader, Victor ia, who was the judge of the butter at tlie Hamilton Cold Stores Exhibition, congratulated the Queensland members on the high quality of their exhibits. Out of over 200 exhibits, seven per cent, were definitely wood-tainted. He arrived at the conclusion that the longer the butter was stored tlie more pronounced the wood taint became. The competition was so keen that Mr. Lafiin and he bad experinnced prreat difliculty in making their decisions. The industry in Queensland was on the up grade, and lie was confident that Queensland would double its dairy exports' witliin tlie next. 10 years. With the advantage of the Pater son scheme and tlie duty on New Zealand butter, they were approaching the most prosperous period the industry had ever experienced. Mr. W. Lafiin (Victoria) who judged the cheese exhibits, said lie had acted as judge in Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, and this was the finest collection lie liad ever seen. He congratulated them on the excellent get-up of the Queensland cheese. Mr. G. H. Heers, State Grader, who adjudicated in the continuous judging competition, said several outstanding facts gave food for serious thought. The tabulated results showed at a glance that the efforts generally regardirfg quality were unsatisfactory. The variations from month to month were anything but creditable. The erratic water content was serious. Some of the butters taken at random from the floor during April had held up remarkably well, but others bad fallen to low second grade. Undoubtedly that was exactly the condition of these butters upon arrival in London, and bore out many discomforting reports from abroad. During the 11 months July, 1928, to May. 1929, €0,309 boxes of choice and first had been graded down to second grade. The true cause of this was that too much inferior cream found its way into the vats. To some extent it was true that with the present system of high processing it was possible to incorporate a quantity of second grade cream with that intended for the high grades of butter, and so deceive the grader in its early stages. The president referred to Mr. Heers* remarks as startling disclosures. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. W. T. Harris on impressions gained in regard to dairying industry -during a world tour, and by Mr. O. A. '?v»ndelsoni on a general description dairying matters overseas. The latter advocated the introduction of Danish Immigrants, who would stiffen up the dairying industry in Australia. 