i .V.x r. oj1.» . -J 9 Germajiy and Australia ji Consul-General Welcomed Thcro was a largo and representor i tlvo gathering in tho Gorman Hall, Woolloongabba, last night,-, whon ta social was held to welcomo tho Consul General for Germany (Dr. H. Cv /. Bucsing). Tho president of tho club (Mr. J. Dilger) presided. Mr. F. Kropp (socrotary) read an address of wolcomo ln tho German language. Tho addross stated that tho club had boon In existence for almost half a century. Tho Gorman - people In Queensland were tiod by <L i' bond of Iovo and friendship with tho Fatherland. They had suffered .with' tho homeland during tho war,. but wero now full of hope for tho future. Thoy trusted that Dr. Bucsing would fee? at homo lh Australia. IMPROVED RELATIONS. Mr. A. Llcdlo. speaking In Germany supported tho address of wolcomo. Ho said that they were all workers. Tho' Governor (Sir John Goodwin) was no less a worker 'than they, and in tho- accomplishment of his work thoy alt ' - J stood behind him. It was many years'- ' slnco they lmd had the plcasuro of- ' welcoming a consul- general from Gcr- many and tho occasion was indeed a i happy one. He trusted that Dr. Buo- sing would do much to foster better relations botweon Australia and tho' Fatherland, and that he would mako it posslblo for moro Gorman Immi grants to enter Austialla. 'Xhcro was room for thousands moro workers, and thoy would ho doubt welcome the op portunity of coming here. Ho assured tho guest thut tho 31,000 Germans in Queensland would bo as equally ploased as those present to havo him know that ho was welcome. Mr. Licdle called for thrco "hochs" . which wero enthusiastically shouted. , sung byGnnnnn SnE' f fe,lowshIP was - CONSUL-GENERAL'S REPLY. '' Dr. Bucsing, who was greeted with" i' npplmise, said that when ho arrived at tho Central station on Tuesday night ho wns most agrecbiy surprised at the Welcome nrmnn-mV I.|M mk.. 1 welcome of tho German Club, how ever, was a revelation to Iffm. ' YU havo your Interests here," lio said. You earn your living hero. Wo i from Qormany havo no deslro to in- rj due© you to loavo Germany; on tho ' contrary wo ask you to enter Into your work herb as wholeheartedly as you i would In your Fatherland. (Hoar. I At tho samo tlmo wo consider | that you should bo proud of your I native blood, and that- Britain should I also bo proud of you. Qormany has i passed through troublous tlmos. Fow £ of you can imnglno tho suffering of I your countrymen during tho war. I I was at tho front for threo years. Fro- i quently wo received no food, whllo I away from tho front tho people sub- fj sisted on rations. But wo havo but- E vlvcd tho crisis. Almost as rapidly £ as wo wero rulnod so did wo again | prosper. Wo still havo much to ac- N compllsh; but It will bo accomplished. B I thank you most heartily for your. B wonderful welcome." J£ OTHER TOASTS. 1 Lleutonnnt-Colonel N. A. H. Camp- I boll, A.D.C., responded to tho toast of 6 "The Governor's Rcpresontativo." fi Tho toast of "Parliament" was pro-- I posed by Mr. F. Monzol and responded fl to by Mr. W. A. Brand. M.L.A. 1 Other toasts wero "Visiting Consuls," 1 proposed by Mr. a. Tedman, M.L.A. 1 and responded to by tho Vlco-Consul J for Denmark (Lieutenant-Colonel V. 5 Larson), and tho Consul-Goncral for Jr Greece (Mr. Christy Frooleagus), g "Civic Authorities," proposed by Mr. S 13\. B. Maker, M.L.A., and responded H to by Chlof Inspoctor J. McNnmara, K "Kindred Associations," proposed by E Mr. F. Kropp nnd responded to by Bj Mchhi-m. W. McGregor (prosident of tlio g Caledonian Society and Burns Club). ® 1\. ErJkscn (Danish Association), and , R. Hudson (Goethe Bund). n A musical programme was contri buted. q 