TODAY'S NEWS IN BRIEF. Queensland. Metropolitan forecast for to flaj-lui" anti warmer with light to moderate north-easterly wind Queensland till 6 pm-Some showers along the coast between Torres Strait and Cardwell, other- wise gcncrallv fine but probably becoming rloutl) in south- west dl\i lan Tcmpciature increasing but cold to-night in south eastern quarter and frost probable in many paiir South-cabtcrly ninds along tropical Pacific slopes freshening cn north coast, north castcrlj to northerly elsewhere The maximum temperature yes tcrdaj in each State capital was - Brisbane, 70 5 bvdncj 616, Mel- bourne 617, Hobart 62 0, Perth, 581 The Rev Lorraine Baiber yesterday addre sed the Constitutional Club on Indias Ampliations In accordance with the Govern- ments policy of co-ordinating all the transpoit activities-îailwajs and roads -the administration of the Heavy Vehicles Act has been transferred from the Lands Department to the Rail vvajs Department The Piemier (Mr Moore) has cabled to the Pilme Minister of New Zealand the deepest sjmpathy of the Govern- ment and people of Queensland with the people of New Zealand who have suffered through the earthquake A statement made by the contractor foi the Citv Hall yesterday indicates the possibility of a hitch in the in- stallation of the chiming clock in the vower At the half-yearly meeting of the East Moreton Primary Producéis As- sociation yesterday the action of the Government in suspending the Ruial Workers award was endorsed the opinion being expressed however that a minimum wage for the industij should be introduced More than half the Brisbane City Councils vote of £270 000 for general works was spent up to the fir't week m June The second of the John Thomson lectures on Wordsworth was deliveied last night by Professoi Wallace Interstate. The term of Sir John Quick as Deputy President of the Federal Arbitration Court has been extended for a further three months. A further search of the Southern Ocean for the Danish training ship Kobenhavn is to be made by the steamer Junee. John Kirk, of Aberdeen-street, Perth, was killed, and Charles Golds- worthy, Victoria Park, was injured, when a heavy boiler fell and crushed Kirk and struck Goldsworthy a glancing blow At the Homebush stock sales yester- day about 38,520 sheep and 3580 cattle, including 618 from Queensland, were forward. The sheep market was zn oversupply, and prices generally were in buyers' favour. Cattle prices generally were also weaker, falls rang- ing from 10/ to 20/. There ate further indications that the conference convened by the Lord Mayor of Melbourne is nearing a set- tlement of the timber dispute, which to-day enters on its 21st week. International. Earthquakes continue to exact a heavy toll in New Zealand. No fur- ther deaths have been reported, but two more persons are missing, and it is feared that they have perished. Telegraphic communication with Westport has been restored, but several other districts are still isolated, and search parties have been sent out. Ap- palling losses have been sustained in the stricken areas, and refugees are arriving at the more populous centres In a pitiable plight. Graphic stories are told of the terrifying ordeals which they have experienced. On Monday the whole town of West- port seemed to be lifting from side to side, and buildings crashed every- where, while great fissures opened in the ground. At Murchison people were thrown off their feet, and houses were shaken to pieces. Big landslides added to the havoc and devastation. Belief funds are being opened in many parts of New Zealand, and they are meeting with a generous response. A fierce gale struck the Taranaki district, in the North Island, yester- day, causing tremendous damage. Comment on the speech made on Tuesday by General Dawes, the new American Ambassador to London, generally approves the principle which he enacted for dealing with the problem of naval disarmament^ that each Government should sepa- rately obtain from its naval experts their definition of equality of naval strengths, and that a compromise be- tween the various definitions should be left to a committee of statesmen of the nations. An inquest was held at Lydd (Eng- land) on Wednesday afternoon on four of the seven victims of the disaster to the air liner. City of Ottawa, in thi English Channel on Monday morn- ing. The four bodies recovered are those of Mr. L. T. Malcolm (ol Hamilton, Canada), Mr. A. F. Smith i of Melbourne. Australia), Mr. Adolf Meister (New York), and Mrs. Icker ÄOn (of Sydney, Australia). The Coroner found that the victims died from drowning, due to the fact that the air liner fell into the sea for some reason or other. He was satis- fied that no blame whatever attached to the pilot. The British Parliament will open with the King's Speech on Monday, July 1. It is hoped to adjourn at the end of July until the autumn. The floods in Assam are spread- ing, and now cover an area of 5500 square ralles. The Government has made urgent appeals for help to other provinces in India. Baccha Sakau, the rebel King of Afghanistan, suffered a heavy reverse at the hands of General Nadir Khan, who is now marching on Kabul. Baccha lost 1500 killed, and 500 of his troops were captured. President Hoover has proclaimed the Immigration quotas for the fiscal year beginning June 30. The quota for Australia has been reduced to 100 from 121. It is believed that 40 persons have been drowned, and that more than 100 have been injured as the result of floods In tlie Quilcade River, which practically destroyed the town of Sevilla, in the department of Cauca, Colombia. The London "Dally Express" under- stands that the British Government will not admit Trotsky. 