I LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. L_ Letters submitted for publication under this heading must not exceed 500 words. The "Courier" does not associate itself with the opinions expressed by correspondents. BANISH SETTLERS. Sir,-In reply to Mr. W. Bates' ques iion in yesterday's "Courier," ''What as the reason there are eo few Danish Mitlers in Australia (Queensland) ? " I may state that among the many rea- sons ave-the terrible handicap all Danish emigrants are subject to by ?way of the expensive journey, the amount of £40, walch they must be in possession of on landing, the language difficulties, the union rules which makes it nearly impossible for a new . arrival to obtain work, be he ever so good a tradesman, the strong opposi- tion ire m the working class to any foreigners (though it must be ad- mitted that Danes are less objected to than people from any cthex/coun try), the fact that the Danish farmer likes his little bit cf freehold, and that the conditions required ct the immi- grant coming to Queensland, and the difficulties of getting naturalised, and obtaining freehold, &c;, do net attract Mm. During atrip all over beautiful little Denmark during April, May, and June Hast year, I was continually asked about the conditions in Queensland, and the gist of my reply was invari- able : " Queensland is a fine country, the best of the Australian States, with a good climate, unlimited iiatural re- sources, room for millions of popula- tion, with a great fuiture, but at pre- sent not prepared to absorb Danish emigrants, who, especially if they have a little money over and above what is required for the long journey, &c;, in my honest opinion will be better off by staying in Denmark, or by going to countries (like Canada), nearer Denmark, where conditions are more favourable, and from where they can easier return if not found suitable." In my opinion it ' will take more years than my allotted stron of life, before the Government-with all their energy and ability, and with «,U the assistance they undoubtedly will get from every citizen who loves Queens- land-has finished the Herculean task of cleaningthc Angeas stable left them by their predecessors, so that Danes and ether good men can be advised tn win« mid makr» t.his fine roimtrv {¡höh future home -I am. sir. &c..; VILHELM' LARSEN. Canberra Chambers, 347 Queen street, Brisbane, October 5. 