Our Danish Visitor. SEEING ALL OF AUSTRALIA. GAINING INFORMATION FOR DANISH GOVERNMENT. 3 PROSPECTS FOR DANISH IMMIGRANTS. There is an old saying that some times 'we may "entertain an angel imnwares,", but whether Mr. Peter Banse- lias attained that distinction as. yet, .we do not know. What .we do know, however, is that as a Danish expert in the dairying indus try, holding degrees from the Univer sity of Copeithagen, he is at present visiting Warragul 'district as portion of Gippslaild, in order to asccrtain its suitability for settlement of young Danish agriculturalists, qualified to embark on the dairying industry. In ilmaking his investigations, lie is en g;ged by the Danish Governnent. and as is usual with the thorough (;oing Danes, lie is leaving nothing, to hear-say. It is a national characte:. w;tie writh these thrifty people, to be thorough. i Their country is small ; every foot of land' must be utilised i the best advantage. The plough aiian leaves no generous headland he ,ause it is easier to do so. Every f:.ot must bear fruit. "That'll do," r- "near enough" finds no place in I he voeahulary of the industrious .nm,1 'hrifty Dane. Hence the wonderful export production of that little conn con, which could easily he placed ai s'de the boundaries of Gippshla d. In order, therefore, to gain prac tical knowledge qnd experience of our dairying industry, 'Mr .Hansen is making a thorough investigation of our methods. In an interesting in ferview with our visitor, the "Sydney Morning Herald" writes thus : 70,000 Miles in Australia. "After a :70,000 mile motor tripl= through all the States of Australia during the past two years, Mr. Peter Handen, a dairy expert from Den mark, declares unhesitatingly that lihe cannot recommend Danish settlers to come here with limited capital. Mr. Hansen, whose travels ha-:e taken hiur through New Zealand, Canada, and the United States, among other coun tries, will report to the Danish Gor ernment his views on the question. "Mr. Hansen. stated, in an inter view just prior to leaving the State,' that Denmark has an exportable sur plus of from 500 to 600 well-trained young agriculturalists, anxious for openings in mixed farming," in a new and progressive country. Canada was offering special inducements, and had so far proved to be the best out let for their energies. Up to the present. most of the ad-'ice given in regard to the prospects for this type of man in Australia was distinctly unfavorable, and it was part of his object to ascertain the correctness of this view. "As'a result of my inquiries and obser.ations," Mr. Hansen said, in reply to a question." "IT amll ilost certainly convinced that for any man to come out to Australia with a few lhundred pounds to engage in agricul ture, is taking a very big risk. I am goinu to convey that considered ver diet to the Danish Government. "From a climate point of view. T believe Gippsland, in Victoria, and the far South coast and the southern tablleland of New South Wales would peal to the average Dane. The atmos phlere there seems much more ]lomely than in most other parts. and the Dane is essentially a home lover. Tile South Burnett district in Queensland also appeals- to me as being suitable for settlement." "MJr. -ainsen does not speak vitlh out having conme into close contact withl Australian conditions. He men tic.ned that hlie had motored from Syl ney down the South coast to Mel bourne, theni to Adelaide, on to Perth anr.d tlhen via Broome and W-yndhami to Port Darwin. . Turning south wards, he overlanded to Alice Sprinis and striking Longrenh, he saw tile back country in N"ew South Wa\\\les lv vhiting Boarke; Broken ITill, Menili die, and H1ay. Some6f the wheat belt was inspected on tile retiun route through Parkes and Forles, and then secuthlwards to Wagga aind Albury. Tie Mudgee district andtlhe Huntcr Valley were traversed, followed by a trip up the coast from Newcastle, by way of Port Macquarie, Keimpsey, Gru:fton and Lismore, through the big scrub country. After proceeding throughi thle Queensland coastal area as far as Cairns, Longreanclh was once again visited, and the return trip in eluded Toowomba, the Darling Downs the Northern Tablelands, Tamworth, Muswellbrook, Singleton, thence to I Sydney. " Everywhere he went, Mr. lHansen remarlked,l.he nmade an attempt to ret an insight into the real life of tihe country, visiting rural homes, yarn ing'with swaggies and out of works, and picking up information from tra vcllers. Wlenever..possiblec hle ot irto touch with Danes who, had set tied here and learned something of their experiences. He nmet some of the menibers of a group of 20-oir 30 -Danes who liad engaged in share fann ing'in tle north-eastern mallee dis trict of Victoria during thle past 3 years. Their first two crops of wheat were 'failures, and the last ar erage4 about nine bushels. By the time they had paid the machinery in stalmneits, storekeepers' bills, and the feed account, nothinjg would be left. ThIe total result of three years' hard work, averaging sixteen hours a day, v:as~ that through no fault of their owfn, they were practically peunile.s, due very larmely to the uncertain cli mate. "Danesn were also met on the North Const. One of these d a beehoin in t?e district for 30 yenrs. Te declaredo lit filthe roesent searnon wans the iwor t1h-v lv'd ver lhand. Tt was molv ps h'nI, !;,.;,-,. s-ed her -onidered thna '1' w viueld lvea hloeu fr hoter n(i in ftl "ielFel if flrt-ee eno-nrLr ailable for fa8rm hands in the parts lie had visited, Mr, Hansen gave an enm phatic "No." He said that farmers I and graziers seemed to be employing as little labor as possible : few iua provenments were being effected, and more dependence was being placed on family labour. "To one accustomed to the inten sive cultivation, well-equipped farm buildings and ample stock food re serves of a country where agriculture had attained the dignity of a profes sion the absence of fodder conserva tion and the neglect of the plough in most of the dairy districts travel led through, could not fail to impress him, M?r. Hansen said. Admittedly the season had been a most unforti nate one, but very little preparation seemed to be made for dry times. "You could count the ribs on all the cows from Cairns to Bega," he added "Surely some of this neglect could have been avoided." ' A further talk with Mfr. Thinse,. we shall hope to embody in another article. Printing of all kinds is smartly and effectively carried out at the "West Aippsland Gazette" Office, and all or hers entrusted to our care receive the same careful attention. Try th office for your next order. 