(Issued May 3.) INTERSTATE COMMITTEE Since last week's Noreo notes were issued members of the newly con stituted Interstate Committee, JSew Soutlx Wales section, have met and discussed the initial steps to be taken to bring about a uniform system of handling interstate butters. ' Members traversed the business done by the Federal Committee and gave effect to most of tho decisions readied. There were quite a number' of hurdles to be surmounted, and though, much remains to be settled before we can say , that the committee is working along' safe lines yet the work so far done gives promise of better times in the .future. Considerable discussion took place while members considered the prepara tion of the list of accredited distribu ting houses which'-would handle inter state butter. 'While'no one wished to limit the houses consistently handling butter for distribution locally, inter state or overseas, it was felt by a section that rather than stick to" the strict letter of what really constitutes a distributing house, it would be more prudent to make the list as compre hensive as possible. The object behind this was to put the committee in the position of being able to control all classes of butter handlers. The question of the exact ramifica tion of."border trade" has yet to be finalised, and it is expected that it will require considerable tact with some little give and take before an arrange ment suitable to all can bo reached. Coupled . with this problem is the question of fixing tlii jelling price for butter sold in inlanc lentres. dome years ago it wan tin*- cjhtorn ary thing for butter so sold to fetch Sydney price, plus an extra half-penny a pound to cover the cost of transport. Un fortunately this rule was quickly broken, with the result that in country centres many miles away from a butter factory butter can be bought there at the rate ruling in Sydney. Of course, someone has to carry the cost of freight, and, if the buyer does not, it is certain that when it is all boiled down it will be found that the pro ducer has to foot the bill. The question of this border trade would not assume anything like the proportion that it does at present if only an, arrangement could be come to whereby all butter sold in inland centres wcr* sold on the old- basis. Though, as was mentioned above, the difficulties to be surmounted are fairly considerable great hopes are .felt by the majority of the committee that th<* new scheme, once it is definitely launched, must be to the benefit of the producers. 1 Of course .it is not going to give them any enhanced price value, but it is certainly going to keep for New South Wales a* larger proportion of her own! trade than has been the case in the past. Unfortunately owing to the popular doctrine which haa been preached in and out of season of late that in the event of 'certain' things talc ing place the producer is going to get a price for his butter comparable with the Queensland wholesale price, the I rank and file of the dairy farmers can only comprehend an improvement in their ' position and in that of their industry "by talking in- terms of money value. This was definitely seen when, during all the turmoil that surrounded the Marketing Act, the protagonists of that measure waxed eloquent anent the much higher prices that would be obtained once the Board commenced to function. It was a popular catch-cry and is so to-day, but folk never stop to realise that even if a very enhanced price were obtainable it would be evened down by the corresponding decrease in consumption. If ^ proofs were wanted of the truth of this state ment it would be provided by the experience of the last few months. From information to hand it is learnt that the local consump tion of butter in this State lias shown a falling off despite the additional niouths to eat it that have been pro vided by .. immigration from abroad. The caJtise' of 'this falling off have to a certain measure been caused by the high prices that have ruled for butter and the lower purchasing power of the community in general. The reason why this phase of butter economics is mentioned is because people nave an nounced that once the interstate trade is definitely settled the price ruling in all States can be brought up to the level of Queensland. That is a sheer impossibility if we wish to keep our consumptive demand at its present average. NEW SOUTH WALES PRODUCTION DECLINING Hew South. Wales prod/uction, like that in all other States, bat nob to the same extent as Victorian, is showing a steady r decline and the receipts in Sydney for the week ended April 27 totalled 10,051 boxes as against 13,266 boxes for the corresponding; peri yi of tasti year. Uradings at Sydney and Newcastle also show a falling off, 6208 boxes of salted and 517 boxes of uns.'iited butter only being submitted to the officers of the Commonwealth Dairy Branch. Regarding exports during that week the same story can be told, shipments to interstate ports totalling 3855 boxes, to the United Kingdom 1688 boxes/ and to other ports 1143 boxes. QUEENSLAND OUTPUT DIMINISHING In Queensland despite the heavy falls of rain that were experienced last week in some districts and the beneficial rains in other dairying areas the production continues to diminish, though, of course, an exportable sur plus stUl remains each Aveek i'or . dis posal. VICTORIA ALSO DECREASING In Victoria receipts at Melbourne from country centres and including ar rivals bv coastal ships for the week ended Friday last totalled 15,499 boxes as compared with 17,215 boxes received there the previous week and "2,201 boxes received there during the corresponding period of last year. Some Melbourne merchants report that trade in butter is slightly quieter, but generally business is being fairly main tained. Owing to the cooler weather most of the supplies coming to hand are showing an improvement in quality m e»P£ll£§' of cheaper grad,es aTe lighter than usual, fn some cases pastrycooks are being forced to buy first and second grade butters. A small surplus is still avail able after filling all the wants of the local market, and this is being shipped to other States. No change in the selling price has taken place. LONDON FIRM Cables received here on Friday re ported that owing to the Continental market being better the London de mand was firm. Australian salted was quiet at 159s to 160s, and unsalted 103s to 164s. Danish 164s to 160s, Now Zealand salted 165s -to 166s, un salted 166s to 168s, Argentine 150s-to ,ia§gt 