LATEST CABLES FROM OVERSEAS YlnmtM In n»t ? ? A bomb explosion at Deny (Ireland) wrecked the Northern Counties Olub. The police later raided tho Gaelic clusscs. Interesting Enrajement. Tho engagement Is announced of Miss Margaret Onslow, of Sydney, to Mr. Mlohacl King, of the Otli Royal Dcccan Horse. 'Keep an Eye on the Beast.' sir Inn Hamilton states that Qovcrn menta cannot force mankind to forget war, Tlio best way to avoid a ravenous lion Is to 'keep an eyo on the beast.' Germany's New 'riant. A now Junker aeroplane, In which there are {our engines, nnd passengers nro accommodated lnsldo tho wlnnjs, which have a K7-ft. spread, mado a successful maiden flight. Political Wot. Thrco persons wero killed nnd twelve seriously wounded In n violent clash be tween rival political parties In the heart of Mexico Olty on Sunday. Flvo hun dred rifle nnd pistol shots wero flrcd In half an hour In a battle between groups totalling 10,000 men. Manchester Wants Fruit, Tho Association of Frultbrokcrs nl Manchester has cnblcd tho Advisory Fruit Marketing Board at Hobnrt urging the allocation of several fruit steamem for Manchester, with n view to widening distribution nnd Increasing consumption. Miners' Ilourn. The BrltlBh miners' delegate confer ence has accepted the general prin ciples of the Government coal plan. They Insisted, however, on n reduction of hours nnd tho complete reorganisa tion of tho industry, Including a na tional wnges agreement. Fugitive rrnsantu Tho Ucrlln 'TaRCblatt' says that 4000 moro fugutlvo pennants of German blood have nrrlvcd lit Moscow from all parts of Russia, raising the number encamped uround the city to 10,000. Tho Ocrmnn Government l» considering ottering them n permanent sanctuary In tho sparsely populated districts of East Prussia, Impudent Fraud. Uy fllllnrc In twenty Labor Odlce un employment forms, In Berlin, describing himself m a married man with thrco children, a young man named Holz has been drawing £45 a month, Tho frnuc was dlscovorcd, and he was sent to gaol for fifteen months. Wireless Camera. Finns for a Danish expedition to tho Antnrctio In 1033-33 Include tho tiso of a new Russian Invention, whereby a balloon, fitted with a camern, lakes photographs nt n height of twclvo miles, Immediately tho picture Is taken tho Image is automatically sent by wireless to tlio base, Amanullali'i Now Home. Ex-King Amanullah has purchased a palatial villa of twenty-four rooms near St. Peters, Rome, paying £25,000 for It. Every modern convenience Is In it, and features nro tho sun parlor nnd luxurious bathrooms. Ex-CJuccn Sourlya took n fancy lo tho villa, nml persuaded her husband to buy It from a wealthy Anglo Indian, In the extensive gardens nro fountains and terraces. Pilots Earn Illf Money. The big earnings of pilots working undor tho Port of London Authority nru disclosed In a return Issued last week. Tho pilots number 105. Of these, 70 nro Channel pilots, and their nvorago earnings are £1343 n year, Tho 00 cinque Ports' pilots, Iho 48 North Chan nel pilots nnd tho two Homo trade pilots nil nvcrngo more than £1000 n year, Machlnc'cul Diamonds, Experts du not bcllove that Hclsor'a diamond-culling innchlne will vovolu tlonlso tho Industry. Diamonds, they ktate, loso their nro and brilliance when machine out, Tho nystom was tried In Now York nnd on tho Contlnont, but wns unsuccessful. The human factor is never replaced. Tho chief fault Is that the mnchlno cuts the surface, but not tint, Soviet Prolesnor Dismissed, A sensation hns boon nrotiscd In Mos cow by the dismissal of Professor Scrgol Oldenburg, scorotnry of tho Academy of Sclonccs nt Leningrad, Ho Is no cuacd of concealing documents reveal ing tho personnel nnd activities of the Cur's scorol police, nnd also the Czar's decree of abdication, and tlio arand Duko Michael's renunciation, The two last-named documents were believed to liave been lost. It is assumed thnt Pro fessor Oldenburg wns suspected of trying lo shield tho Ccarlsui, Ancient nhlnnceroii, News comes from Warsaw that nt n depth of several hundred fcot In nn oil field near Stanlslawov, engineers dis covered embedded In tho carthwax n giant rhinoceros of the glnolnl period. Professor aoolcl Is of tho opinion Hint t Is 100,000 years old, It Is In a por ed stato of preservation, especially tho ildo, which Is probably duo to tho em mhnlng Influcnco of Iho rnrtliwax. Tho body Is bolus Inkcu to Crncow for ex pert dissection. lix-Bnciny Property, Replying to n ntntoment by Lord Pnss field in tho 1 Inline of Lords on 20th Oc tober that surplus ex-enemy proporty hnd already boon liquidated, nnd that Great Britain must bo regarded nu having closed tho account, thn Assoclntlon for ho Dofcnco of German Victims' In terests has Issued n manifesto Atallnit hat unless tho decision is reconsidered hero will bo causo to bcllcvo that gold Is of grcutor moment lo tho Englishmen to-day than consideration for fair piny mid reconciliation, Tho Itlni at tho Theatre. Tho King wns present nt Drury Lano Theatro for a porformanco of 'Roso Mario,' his first visit to n theatro since his Illness, Ho was accompanied by tho §uccn and tho Duko nnd Duchess of ork, A big orowd awaited his nrrlvnl nnd cheered tho party, Tho King re noved Ills hat nnd bowed nn ncknow cdBincnt, Tlio tjuccn wore u gold llssuo dress with a long train, nnd tho Duchcsii palo pink gcornotte, with nn Iridescent ilonk. When Ihoy entered tho Royn iox tho vast nudlonco tone, chcorcd, nnd waved progrninmcs. Amid rounds of np plnuso, tho party stood close lo tho edgo if tho box mid bowed, Tho Queen later ook her sent, but tho King and Duchess stood (ildo by nldo for nomo moments nntwr. Befomu fn Affbanlifan. Far-reaching reforms In Afghanistan are outlined in an official statement Issued at Kabul, Tho Pnuport System. Tho Chancellor of the Exchequer said that tho passport system was necessary If Immigration to Great Britain was to bo controlled. British Unemployment. Tho British Government Is making a big attempt to grapple with the unem ployment problem. Schemes aro In hand involving an expenditure of £42,000,000. Permanent Settlers. During the four months from June 1, lost, 0030 British subjects left Oreal Britain to toko up permanent residence In Australia, compared with 7047 In tho samo period In 1028. Service In Tunnel. Porhaps tho most novel Armlstlco ser vice wns held In the middle of the tun nel now being made beneath tho Mersey, nt Liverpool (Eng,). Four hundred nav vies gathered at the deepest point, and tho sorvlco was conducted by their mlssloncr, Libelling the Ex-Knlscr. Proceedings lor alleged criminal libel aro being commenced at Berlin by tho cx-Kaisor against n newspaper editor. The editor had revived the story about tho ICalscr's Investments In Krupp's and con tracts for artillery. Chinese Pirates. Pirates, travelling as passengers, at tacked the ofllcora and crow of a Chinese steamer, and looted tho vessel. Sovcral Chinese passengers wero wounded, and the steamer was after wards abandoned In a desortcd inlet. 'Dragjed Into War.' Mr. O. P. Qooch, Joint editor of the British documents on tho origin of tho a rent Wnr, snys thnt acrmany was dragged Into tho wnr by Austria. ''Orcat Britain,' ho adds, 'wns dragged In by tho deep conviction that sho could not stand out nnd sco Germany dominating Europe.', Kenya Colony Quiet, Mr, Lunn, Unclcr-Sccrctnry for tho Colonies, told tho Houso of Commons last weok that there hnd boon no native rising In Kenya, but only a collision be tween sections of two native tribes, whoso grating grounds woro contiguous. Tho Governor hnd reported that tho situation wns now satisfactory. Crashed In Mid Air, Two single-seater Royal Air Forco fighting 'planes, manoeuvring on Thurs day, near Kcnloy Aerodrome (Surrey), collided at a height of 4000 fcot, and began to crash. Both pilots quickly Jumped, and landed safoly with para chutes, Tho machines crashed on houses at Walllngton, nnd one burst into flames, Cheaper Tennis Halls. As a result of a prlco war among manufacturers, lawn tennis balls nt a shilling each aro expected to be on Halo shortly in England, Two years ago tho makers said thnt they could not bo mado under 31/ a dozen. The Lawn Tennis Association. found a maker to supply them nt 15/0, and other makers had lo fol low suit, Now they nro boing offered at' 14/ to tho publlo and 0/ for tournaments, niotlnp In Italy. A French newspaper correspondent says that there, have been grave troubles In tho Interior of Italy, owing to tho high cost of living, and tho shortage of food, In ono town there wns n rovolt thnt lasted for nine days, In which tho aovcrnor was killed nnd tho town hall and bnrrncks burned to Iho ground, Martial law was declared, nnd n strong body of Fascists fought a pitched battle, In which flvo townsfolk wero killed and ono hundred Injured. Accidents In Mines. A motion submitted to tho Houso of Commons Inst Thursday deploring tho Inrgo number of nccldcnls In coalmines, wns ngrccd to, Sir Harry Samuel do clarcd that half tho mon employed In mines woro killed, Injured, or becamo victims of ccrtnln disabilities, Tho ox tont of acoldonts wns shown by tho foot that miners and their dependents ro colvod (3,000,000 annually In compen Novel I-Ijlnt Boat;' Mossrs. Haundors nnd Roo expect shortly to complete at Cowcs a novel aircraft for nn nlr lino between the Austrnllnn mainland and Tasmania, It is n flying boat which can be mado into nn nmphlblan, in tho ovont or a forcod descent In tho sea, Tho mnchlno will be kept nflont by the wines, It Is very fast, being drlvon by two engines, con trolled from the cabin, nnd will bo named 'Cutty Bark,' Mayor's Double Life, A Joltyll nnd Hydo ntory wiih revealed during tho trial last wcok of Dumas, ox Mayor of Bullion), who In the day was n sober, honest bourgeois, pursuing a manufaottiror'ii huslnoss nnd devoting himself to his mayoral duties, mid who, In tho courso of eight years, mndo wnr dovastatcd Ballloul one of tho most charming cities In North Frnnco, At nlsht-tlmo, howovor, Dumno becamo nn other man, Elegantly dressed, ho motored to Pnrls In winter nnd Lo Tour quot In summer, nnd patronised night clubs nnd oxponslvo rcstaurnnls. Ho mis appropriated 134,000 In thrco years, nnd, fulling to recoup his lo.iscs at gambling, confessed everything. Ho wns sentenced to flvo years' imprisonment, Tniile with Dominions, 'Sunny ,11m' was tho term that Major J. J. Astor, M.P., applied to Mr, J, H, ThomiiD, Minister for Employment, nt n luncheon in London Inst wcok, Major Astor declared that British salesmanship In tho Dominions hnd nut boon nil It mlHht be. Mr, Thomas snld that If they told tho Dominions they mum buy wlmt Groat Britain wanted to soil they would reply, 'Oo lo Hell.' Ho wns trying to as certain why I lie Dominions bought 00 per cent, foreign motor cars and I) por cent. British, Great Britain must toll Australia and tho other Dominions thnt sho would ldp thorn with British cnpltnl nnd Inbor 11 establishing Industries, asking In ro turn second consideration. Our Navy. Captain Feakes, H.A.N., who has been liaison officer In England, says that tho Australian Navy Is held In high regard at the Admiralty. Banned Books. The first book published at the Holy See's now printing works In Vatican City contains tho names of 6000 books which Catholics are not allowed to rend. Wart Victims. , , In Canadian hospitals, at present suf fering from wnr Injuries or war disease, there aro 3000 mon, including 1100 mental cases, many of which arc Incurable. Batoned by Police. Rioters wero dispersed Inst wcok from the sates of the Parliament House at Borlln by police, who had to uso their batons. Island Klnja Banished. . , . As a result of tho trouble at Futuna (ono of tho FIJI Islands), the two kings and tho half-casto Stephen, have been sent to goal for thrco years, and havo been banished from Futuna for n further three years. alant Submarine. Franco's giant submarine, Surcouf, which will be launched on November 18, Is 1000 tons larger than Great Britain's XI, and can discharge fourteen torpedoes simultaneously. It has a rango of 13,000 miles without refuelling. Motlng in Dublin. An attempt by Dublin unemployed to rush tho gates of Parliament whllo tho Dall was In session resulted in a riot last wcok. The police woro cloned nnd later dispersed tho crowd with baton chnrucs, Tlio Elephant's Jaunt. Breaking out ot ito.nUU at the Hull (Eng.) Zoo, an elephant entered a neighboring store, nto a hugo quantity ot hay, drank half a cask of beer, and then cavorted wildly about, throwing Joints of horso flesh about, Dominions and Forelfn Policy. Tho British Government, declines to Eubllsh the vlows submitted to it y tho Dominions upon questions of foreign policy. It In tho opinion of tho Government that publica tion would seriously hamper all parties In what should bo a frank oxohango of opinion. Bribint- Councillors. Two Communist councillors at Borlln, Otto Raedcl and Gustav Dcgncr, havo boon arrested for tho uccoptnnco of bribes from a firm thnt Is suspected of defrauding tho municipality or £500.000. Burgomaster Schneider and the director of tho Post Ofrico aro charged with com plicity, Dusseldorl's 'Jack tho Itlpper.' A mysterious murderer, who has become known as 'Jack tho Ripper,' committed his twentieth crlmo nt Dusscldorf during Inst weok-end. His latest victim was u flvc-ycar-old girl, whoso body was found under a bush. Sho had been stabbed thirty-five times. Until tho murderer Is captured, all women and children aro remaining Indoors after dark. Shots nt Mussolini. It is rovoalcd that a sixth attempt on tho Ufa of slgnor Mussolini wns mado on . 10th October, but was kopt secret. Thrco rifle shots wero flrod nt the Duco's motor enr nt Ostln, Italy, No ono wns wounded, two hundred suspects woro Immediately arrested, and it Is reported that nn ox-Fnsclst ofllcor was executed n few hours later. Food Stuffs in Wartime. Prcsldont Hoover, In 11 speech at Wash ington, insisted upon tho need for mea sures to protect the world from war, Ho said thnt no point on naval reduction would bo too low for tho United States 0 agree to. Tho proposal thnt foodenrry Ing ships should not bo Interfered with during war wns put forward by Mr. Hoover. Angry Women. In London on Armistice Day numbers of women rushed upon n lorry In Regont strcot, of which tho onglno was running during tho two minutes' sllonco, Somo ono Immediately put tho onglno out of nctlon, and tho crowd angrily awaited tho lorry drlvor, who had bocn delivering goods, nnd was unaware 'that the silence was so near. The crowd attempted to mnnhandlo him, but the pollco dispersed them, The 'Army's' Triumphs, Commander Evangcllno Booth, who Is visiting Japan, received n groat wel come at tho City Hall, Toklo, on Sunday, Members of tho Government wero among tho distinguished gathering on tho plat form, Reviewing the world-wide acti vities of tho Army, Commander Booth referred In cnthuslnstlc terms to Us growth In Australia, Referred lo Heaven. Tho trial has begun In Russia of forty-two members of the Flodorlsts, a rollglous sect, charged with nntl-Hovict propaganda, with burning villages, nncl with terrorisms Communist pciunnts. Dmitri Pnrkhomlnto, tho lender, nrrnyed In plcturosquo white robes, entered tho court chanting 'Christ In Rlsonl' When Me prosecutor began his examination, Dmitri replied: 'I refer you to heaven for your answers,' Kidnapped In China, Sovcral woll-drosscd Russians won.* ur rostcd at Tientsin (Ohlnui, on Sallirdny, In connection with tho darlnx Itldimpimiu of Mr, Aaron Uronnor, a wonllny Aiuoil can fur ngont, on Thursdny, A rnnsom of 000.000 dollars wus demanded. Tho pollco wero able to trace tho movements or tho gang, following tho arrest nt Iho Russian Cabaret of n woman, In whoso compnny Mr, Bronncr had been seen pre vious to his disappearance, A lottcr wus despatched to tho Klcssllug Cnfc, giv ing dctnlls of the method of payment. Fire-Day Wrck. The unolllclnl story thnt the llvo-dny week In Russia bus broken down becnuso members of single fnmllles want tho name day on' In partly refuted by tho People's Commissars, who havo iinnc tloncd n yenr's delay for 1,000,000 workers till there Is a sufllolonoy of technical supervisors to permit nf continuous working. In tho mcnntlmo a new antl rellglous campaign linn been ordered to break down 11 tendency to obsorvo Bun days, church, and holy days. Tho supremo Economic Council nsscrts thnt 70 per cent, of tho workors will bo under tho non-stop system by Iho end of tho 'cur, nnd olalms It has already increased ho output between 16 nnd 33 nor cent. ' The Imperial Conference. It has been suggested to the Do minions that tho Imperial Conference should bo held next summer, probably in August. Mlcrallon Ban, Thirty girls and others employed in the migration branch of Australia Houso havo bcon unofficially warned to look out for another Job. Bomb Explosion. Tho British cx-Scrvlccmcn's Hull at Inchlcoro, near Dublin, was blown up by a Innd mine There wore no casual tics. Several nrrcsts were mado by tho pollco, who nlso dlscovorcd stores of land mines, arms nnd ammunition. Female Fascists. The Fascist Party Is increasing the femalo section by tho creation of Girl Fascist Corps. The girls will bo admitted as full parly membors when they reach tho ago of twenty-two. South African Wool. A Rlvcrinn sheep man now In South Africa says tho principal flocks there are managed by Australians, and that within tv/cnty years South Africa will bo on oven terms with Australia as regards wool production. Against Reform. It Is reported from Rome that the Vatican has informed Great Britain that It docs not favour reform of tho Greg orian Calendar and tho establishment of a fixed Eastor. Opium Smuggling. A former Chinese vice-consul at San Francisco and his wife havo been senten ced at Shanghai to imprisonment for smuggling cplum. It was established that Chinese consular officials had boon con niving at tho frauds of a gang of in ternational smugglers. Ilerttog nml Republicanism. Tho Prlmo Minister of tho Union of South Africa (General Hcrtzog) has de clared hlB opposition to Republican pro pngnnda In South Africa. Ho docs not consider that there is any South African unconnected with politics qunllflod for tho post of aovcrnor-Gcncrnl. A Family Tragedy. A womnn, her two daughters, her son, and son-ln-lnw have been sentenced nt Cologno to terms- of Imprisonment ranging from two to ton years, for tho murder of tho woman's husband, whoso tyranny so Incensed tho womenfolk thnt they persunded the son-in-law to shoot him while ho was sleeping, Dramatist Arrested. Tho Gorman author nnd dramatist, Peter Martin Lampcl, who wroto plays entitled 'Poison Gas Over Berlin' and 'Tho Hovolt In tho Borstal Instltuto,' hns been arrested In Berlin nnd chnrged with having been Implicated in a murder committed several years ago by members of the Black Rclchswchr, of which ho wns formerly a member. Roman Face Cream. Tho discovery recently of n frag ment of n pot of rod samlnn ware during excavations nt Moor gate (London) supplementing previous Hcnnty Information, servos to prove Hint In Roman London there lived a trades man, named Lucius Julius Souls, who sold fncc-cronm, which he ndvortlscd by stumping his nnmo on Jnrs Imported from Gnul, Treatment of Foreigners, Tho representative of tho Australian Press Association In Paris says that tho draft convention for tho treatment of foreigners drawn up by a Loaguo of Nations committee, contains n number of contentious questions, Of particular in terest to Australia Is tho suggested nbo lltlon of tho restrictions on the move ments of certain classes of nationals In Aslntlo countries, Tho convention alms at affording Asiatics tho tama freedom for travel, sojourn, nnd residence ns other races, nnd for this renson South Africa hns refused to participate In tho confer ence, It nppcnis reasonably certain that tho question of tho admission of forolgnors will bo raised, for although tho convention expressly denies tno right to ralso thin matter, tho Japanese Intend doing so at tho earliest momont, 