NEWS OF THE WEEK from ALL OVER QUEENSLAND WEDNESDAY, February 27. In the most thrilling Sheffield Shield match played in this State Queensland defeated South Australia by one wicket. During Monday night the cyclone passed inland north, from Cairns, and torrential rain fell at Mareeba, Babinda, and Gordonvale. The Her bert River rose with remarkable rapidity, submerging the bridges and threatening Bemerside with another disastrous flood. Near Mareeba. an elderly man was swept away by the flood waters in the Little Mitchell River, and was drown ed. The men who were marooned on High Island managed to work their way to the mainland and reached Babinda at 4.30 p.m. yesterday. At the inaugural meeting of the Methodist Conference, which was held last night, Rev. C. T. Palethorpe (Rockhampton) was elected President for the ensuing year, and Rev. A. A. Mills, M.C. (Auchenflower), secretary. Tuen Plains station, of 20,700 acres, about 40 miles south of CunnamulU, has been sold to Mr. Harry Jone& At Palmwoods yesterday, 5300 cases of pineapples were forwarded to Bris bane for canning purposes, causing the factories to be glutted, A consignment of 155 cases of Granny Smith apples intended for shipment to Hongkong was despatth ed by rail to Brisbane last Saturday by Mr. A. H. Paget, of Glen Aune Orchard, The Summit. The grower stated that the order was highly satisfactory, so far as the price was concerned, and if the ship ment proved a success it was expected that It would lead to further business between the Granite belt and the East. Word was received in Tweed Heads yesterday that the fishing launch Orine, which was reported missing on Saturday, arrived safely in Brisbane on Tuesday, the crew being well. The prices of food and groceries (46 commodities) for January show that, compared with the preceding month there had been an increase of 5.7 for the 30 towns considered as a whole, and 5.8 per cent, in the case of the six capital cities. Queensland showed an increase of 5.2 per cent. The members of the Land Adminis tration Board (Messrs. W. L. Payne. A. G. Melville, and F. D. Power) left by the Rockhampton mail train last Slight for the Upper Burnett, where an economic investigation is to be held in regard to the whole of the Burnett settlement. Mr. W. H. Demaine, president of the Q.C.E., of the Labour Party, and of the Maryborough Hospitals Board, was 70 years of age on Monday, when he was presented with a wallet of notes and a gold watch, at a representative gathering in Maryborough. Mr. H. E. Neal has been appointed Collector of Customs in Queensland. Mr. Neal is at present Collector of Customs in Western Australia. Mr. R. B. Curd, who received his early training in the Customs Depart ment in Queensland, has been ap pointed Collector of Customs in South Australia. Mr. T. J. Moran. a pioneer of the Kin Kin district, died in Sydney re cently. The late Mr. Moran arrived in Kin Kin in 1907, and formed the Moran group settlement. 'Mr. Gottfried Carl Dowe, Sen., of Frenchton, Rosewood district, died re cently, at the residence of his son, Mr. G. Dowe, at the age of 88½ years. It is learned on good authority that nearly 300 railway workshops men are to be placed on the full 10 days a fortnight, from this week. For many months a number of woodwork em ployees have not been working on alternate Fridays. The barking outside a window of a fox terrier, which had to jump a 43t. veranda rail, probably saved the lives of Mrs. Robert Breeze, who is 80 years of age, and Mrs. Linton and her baby, when their home at Nobby was de stroyed by fire on Monday night. The State Under Secretaries for Mines, who sat in conference in Can berra yesterday to consider the min ing laws of Australia, completed their discussion, and now are completing a report for the Prime Minister. During the storm at Halifax a motor boat broke away and was thrown against the derelict portion of the Halifax bridge; where she sank. One or two smaller boats were seen going down the river, evidently having been wash ed from their moorings. Five men were crossing the Barron River to the Redlynch side in the Shire Council's ferry boat when a log struck the boat and smashed it to pieces. The occupants were flung into the water, and sought refuge in trees, where they remained fxom 9 am. to 2 pm. yesterday, when they were res cued with difficulty. ! Mrs. Crimlisk, a resident of Malanda, passed away as the result of an acci dent recently, when she was crashed into by a locomotive, and carried 70 yards on the cowcatcher. Golden Casket No. 225 was drawn in Brisbane yesterday, when the first prize, £5000, went to the Double Luck Syndicate, care of Mrs. M. Prior, Ham ilton, Brisbane; the second, £1000, to Mrs. 8. Harold, Camp Hill. Brisbane, and the third, £500, was drawn by a Sydney subscriber. Being too late to pull up, the driver of a motor lorry accelerated in an attempt to jump a washout 12ft. wide by 10ft. deep, near Malanda. The re sultant bump caused one of the three men on the lorry to be thrown out on his head, causing concussion and abrasions. The Southport Town Council has decided to accept the tender of A. Lind and Son for a sea wall filling, and road work in No. 3 Ward. The Central Queensland Wool Top Manufacturing Co. has approved a scheme for the manufacture of blan kets, woollens, and rugs. The rains which have fallen at Home Hill during the past 72 hours will be of great benefit to the growing crops, and it is probable that most of the farms will suspend irrigation for some time. Increases of up to 115 per cent, in the valuation of Coolangatta business blocks were adopted at a special meet ing of the Coolangatta Town Council yesterday. Edith Laurine Byrnes (aged two years), who was knocked down by a motor car in front of her home at North Quay, Brisbane, on Monday, died in the Children's Hospital yes terday. The Esk Co-operative Dairy Associ ation during the month of January manufactured 61 tons 3 cwt. 131b. of commercial butter, being an increase of 10 tons 3cwt. over the previous month. The new deviation road from Bris bane to Southport will be opened for motor traffic from Thursday before Good Friday to Easter Tuesday, pro vided the privilege is not abused by excessive speeding. The market on the opening of the fifth series of wool sales in Brisbane yesterday showed a decline of from 5 per cent, to 10 per cent, on rates rul ing at the previous sales in January. A passenger on an aeroplane trip over Brisbane on Monday had the un enviable experience of discovering a 3ft. green snake in the cockpit. The pilot immediately made for the aero drome, when the snake'was despatch ed. THURSDAY, Febraary ?. In the Police Court yesterday, Joe Brown, a horse trainer, was committed for trial on a charge of having, ott January 12, attempted to injure the racehorse, Hydronite. A profit of £12,645 was made on the operations of the Brisbane City Council's power house in six months last year. The offerings at the Brisbane wool sales yesterday were generally un attractive, but a fine selection of scoured wool was offered. At the Roma Circuit Court Robert Storey pleaded guilty to a charge that between January 28, 1928, and March 9, 1928, he stole two steers and five cows, the property of Charles Henry Chapman, and was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment with hard labour, sentence to be suspended on defendant entering into a bond to be of good behaviour for 12 months, and making restitution to Chapman of £14, the value of the cattle, at the rate of £1 per week. A field report, issued by the Roma Oil Corporation, Ltd., under date February 26, states that a string of BUn. casing has been run in in the No. 2 bore, and setting and cementing of the casing at 3600 ft. has been com pleted. As stated in the report of the 19th inst., a period of 14 days must elapse to allow the cement to set. James Murphy, aged 30 years, a married man employed by the Rail way Department as a labourer, sus tained fatal injuries when crushed between buffers at Rockhampton yes terday. The Mayor of Brisbane (Alderman W. A. Jolly, C.M.G.) has received an apology from the Tasmanian Com missioner of Police for the detention and interrogation of Alderman Jolly's son, Douglas, at Zeehan recently. The Cairns Commonwealth Health Laboratory was opened for official purposes on February 1, although work was actually begun in November. A modification of the restrictions on the movement of cattle into New South Wales from that part of Queensland described in the regula tions as schedule Z has been made, to permit the entry of cattle into New South Wales on one dipping at the border, without previous dipping in the areas, which hitherto has been insisted upon. Mr. M. Madseo, of Tannymorel. re cently threshed 3000 bags of maize, which had been stacked on palings and left to dry for 22 months. The corn was found to be in splendid con dition, with almost complete freedom from weevil infestation. A deputation which waited on the Commissioner for Railways yesterday made very satisfactory arrangements as to acceleration of the transport of Northern bananas and the cost of freight of fruit per case. Plans for the new buildings in Anzac Square, Brisbare, for the State In surance Commissioner and the staff of the Public Curator's office are in course of preparation. The Department of Agriculture and Stock is making arrangements for the holding of a referendum on the ques tion whether wheat pools should be conducted urder the provisions of the Primary Producers' Organisation Mar keting Act in future, instead of under the Wheat Pools Act. Apart altogether from the stoppage of traffic on the railways, the floods have caused a very serious loss in revenue to the Railway Department. A six months' cruise around the northern coast of Australia, primarily in search of big fish, is being arrang ed by a small party of sportsmen and naturalists. The expedition will be headed by Mr. Zane Grey, the fam ous novelist. FRIDAY, March L The death of Mr. Justice Stumm occurred at 8 a.m. yesterday, at St. Martin's Hospital, following on in juries sustained when he was knocked down by a motor car on the previous evening. Mr. Frank Fink Nachtwey, who was farming at Mosaman Beach, attempt ed to cross the Foxton Bridge, al though the water was two feet over the' decking of the bridge. The man rode his horse into the water, when he was swept away and drowned. A schedule of drainage works, to * cost £75,000, was approved by the Works Committee of the Brisbane City Council yesterday. That Queenslanders are prone to de cry their own State, and when away from home to enlarge on the - dis advantages, instead of boosting the advantages, was the tenor of an ad dress delivered by the Mayor (Alder man W; A- Jolly, C.M.G.) before the members of the Constitutional Club yesterday. The cyclonic conditions prevailing on the coast have been responsible for delay in the arrival of shipping, and a number of small craft are believed to be sheltering in safe harbourages. The anxiety that was felt for the safety of two men, Mr. Hudson and his son, who were 20 miles down the Fitzroy River when the flood was at its highest, has been relieved by the news that both men were found on Casuarina Island. The export market for walnut bean timber from North Queensland is ex traordinarily brisk, the supply at pre sent not being equal to the demand. The fifth series of wool sales for the present season closed yesterday, when the buying strength was similar to that of the two previous days. The market closed firm at the rates estab lished on the opening day. Severe gale conditions prevailed on the Queensland coast yesterday, and heavy rain fell from Maryborough to the Tweed. At the Newmarket stock sales yes terday prime mutton sold to sd. per Ib. Prime bullock beef sold to 33/ per 1001b., and cow beef to 33/. Mr. Nicholas Sachoulis, a distilling chemist, of Brisbane, advocates the use of the inferior portion of the banana crop In the manufacture of in dustrial alcohol. At a meeting of the Atherton Maize Pool Board it was stated that the value of sales for January totalled £12,700. Mrs. Benbow, an elderly lady, of Stanleigh station, some 20 miles from Springsure, went for the cows on Sun day last, and failed to return, not being found until Monday afternoon. Within the next month or so the manufacture of artificial silk yarns will be started in North Queensland, 80 per cent, of the raw material being Queensland megass, the waste of the sugar cane. SATURDAY, March 2. The outstanding balances oi loans advanced by the State Government to local authorities in Queensland at De cember 31 last totaUed £11,102,719. The cyclone caused gales and floods from Southport to the Richmond River. At Lismare many residents have been compelled to vacate their homes. The metropolitan singles bowling championship was won yesterday by J. Darragh (East Brisbane) from N. Green (New Farm). It was an in teresting game, and the scores were 31-29. It has been decided to establish an aerodrome at the Nanango racecourse, the trustees of the racecourse con tributing one-fourth of the expense. During the past season the Moss man Central Mill crushed 78,542 tons of cane, with an average c.c.s. of 15.53 (a Queensland record for 1928), and 11,626 tons of 94 N.T. -sugar were made. As a result of the rise hi the Bar won River, many residents of Mun gindi are making good hauls of Bar won cod, many of large size. Most of the low-lying ground at Byron Bay has been inundated by flood waters, and many houses have suffered. In Murwillumbah many houses are Isolated, and boats are being used by householders. Cyclonic puffs of wind in the Yan dina district did damage to bananas, sugar-cane, and maize. Probate has been granted in the estates of the following deceased per sons:—Henry R. Mullett, Monduran Station, near Gin Gin, grazier, £19,427: Alexander Clark, Paddlngton, general dealer, £7160; Rev. Patrick Fouhy, Laidley, parish priest, £3607; Bridget Kelly, Rockhampton, £3089; Henry Jones, Rockhampton, gentleman, £22, -182. MONDAY, March 4. After a terrifying ordeal through one of the fiercest cyclones ever ex perienced on the Queensland coast the Eastern Australian Company's steamer Arafura berthed safely at the Pinken ba railway wharf shortly after mid day yesterday. Since Saturday night, when her engines failed completely after a grim struggle with the elements, the Arafura had been towed along the coast by the tug Forceful. From 10 o'clock on Wednesday till 1 o'clock on Friday afternoon, the Arafura struggled through the teeth of the cyclone with her damaged screw. On Friday afternoon she .was picked up by the Forceful, and brought on to Moreton Bay, where the tug Beaver aided in the towing. The tug Coringa, after enduring a terrific pounding from the fury of the storm, arrived safely in Brisbane on Saturday afternoon. After towing the Arafura for 30 hours, her steam steering gear broke down, and she was forced to cast off the tow rope. The Treasury returns for the eight months ended February show that the expenditure exceeded the revenue by £765,858, compared with a deficit of £317,517 at the corresponding stages of the previous financial year. Edward Prove was fined £50 in the Police Court on Saturday for having carried on illegal betting at Renown Chambers, Albert-street. The Royal Danish expedition vessel Dana arrived at Brisbane shortly after midnight on Saturday. Two brothers, Louis Cecil Robson (aged 11 years) and Albert Hamilton Robson (9), were drowned yesterday in a dam at Mundingburra. A tragic shooting accident occurred at Nundah yesterday, when Dearey Norman Stewart, aged 14 years, was killed by the accidental discharge of a pea rifle. During the recent flood in the North ten horses were drowned near Bemer side, and much damage was done to crops. TUESDAY, March 5. The Egg Board ballot resulted in 996 votes for and 417 votes against the continuance of the pool. The possibility of an increase in tram fares is hinted, in a report pre sented to the Brisbane City Council yesterday. The flotation of a £1,000,000 loan on the Australian market was decided upon by the Brisbane City Council yesterday. Yesterday May Ann Roth (aged 16 years) was found by her mother in her residence near Eidsvold, lying seriously injured, as a result of a shot in the temple from a pea rifle. A body to be known as the Maranoa Petroleum Association was formed at a meeting held at Roma on Saturday. After a 40 hours' search the Ather ton police have found the body of John Draper, an immigrant (aged 17 years), who attempted to cross the Barron River on horseback when h« was swept away. Details of the proposed bridge over the Coomera River were announced yes" terday by the Minister for Lands (Mr. T. Dunstan). As if to emphasise the truth that summer conditions were not yet over, Brisbane experienced another very try ing week-end, and yesterday the mercury climbed still higher in the glass, mak ing the temperature only a little over one degree short of the century mark. There was an appreciable diminution of humidity in the atmosphere, however, and though the thermometer registered &8.7 degrees the relative percentage, of moisture was only 30.0, and the degree of discomfort was correspondingly lessened. A large eagle, measuring 7ft. from wing tip to wing tip, was on view in Buderim on Saturday.. This is the first tune a bird of this kind has been known to come into the district. The bird was first noticed attacking some of the sheep at the slaughter yard, and was immediately killed. Richmond River Jersey breeders are very interested in the announcement of the importation of six heifers and a bull from Jersey Island- These have come by way of America, and are intended to form the nucleus of a new herd at Grose Wold, an irrigated property on the Grose River. The Commissioner for Railways (Mr. J. W. Davidson) was advised yes terday that communication between Cairns and Townsville was restored on Saturday, and that all trains got through without any serious delay. The Premier (Mr. W. M'Cormack). in announcing yesterday the personnel of the Royal Commission which is to be appointed to inquire into and re port upon the mining industry in Queensland, said:—"l indicated re cently that the Government proposed to appoint a Commission to make a thorough investigation of the mining industry in Queensland. Mr. T. A. Perry (member of the Board of Trade and Arbitration) is to be chairman; and the other commissioners are:—Mr. A. A. Boyd, M.I.M.M. (general manager of the Mount Morgan Gold Mining Company, Ltd.); Mr. C. F. V. Jackson, 8.E.. M.I.CE. (State Mining Engineer); Professor H. C. Richards. D.Sc. (of the School of Geology and Mineralogy, University of Queensland). Mr. J. D. Ross, a senior inspector of accounts, Audit Office, Brisbane, la to be secretary of the Commission. "Mummy. that is the largest radi ator I have ever seen." —"Sondagsnisse Strlx," Stockholm. 