CANADA'S NEW SETTLERS THE ALIEN DANGER. A special correspondent of the 'Morning Post' writes:--- The experiment of sending 8,500 British unemployed to work in the Canadian wheat fields last summer has, in the opinion of a Canadian contem- porary, the London (Ontario) 'Free Press,' proved a successful one. Commenting upon the analysis of the situation made by their Western correspondent, the 'Free Press' states in a leading article: 'Some few hund- red of the British harvesters, who won't work and never intended to work, are spurning jobs at £1/4/- a day with board and lodging, and mak- ing infinitely more noise than the 8,000 sturdy, steady- going men who have been successful. 'Very little attention should be paid to the howls of the few malcontents; It is the stories of the thousands of con- tested that should be taken into ac- count." The article touches upon the evil of the many foreign settlements in the Canadian West, where the British har- vesters have not been received with the welcome afforded to immigrants of the settler's own nationality. In many cases the animosity shown them by Central European farmers has been directly traceable. The experiment of sending British harvesters to the Canadian West has opened the eyes of the country to the necessity of stimulating British immig- ration immediately, before a hostile and foreign population drawn from Central europe has firmly taken root in the country. The animosity shown by these people to the British harves- ters is an indication of what may hap- pen if Central european Immigration is allowed to maintain its numerical superiority over British Immigration. Compulsory English. As early as 1914 the Provincial Go- vernments realised the danger of the foreign colonies that were springing up in the West to national unity in Canada. In that year an English education was made compulsory for all children living in the country. To break up these colonies and 'Canadian- ise' the inhabitants has been the con- stant aim of the Government, and it has achieved a marked degree of suc- cess with the second generation of Central European Immigrants, who have profited by the school system, and are indistinguishable from Cana- dian-born children. Immigration from the Continent of Europe into Canada has been done largely under the highly successful co- operative system. In Alberta there is a Danish colony that has reached prosperity and success by dairy farming, and a German colony of impoverished landowners who have made a fresh start in Canada after selling their lands in Germany. There are also colonies of Belgian and French nobles. Althought British immigration has been highly successful, hitherto, there has never been an adequate attempt at co- operative immigration from the British Isles, as practised by the foreign immigrants. If groups of British settlers, prefer- ably from the same part of England, could be transplanted to Canada with a sufficient amount of money among them, or advanced to them by the Go- vernment the vast wheatfields could be kept British. 