THE WORLD'S FUTURE FOOD SUPPLY BECOMES A BURNING QUESTION IMMENSE IMPORTANCE OF OUR PRIMARY INDUSTRIES (By "NORTHERNER.") ! There arc two very dismal pessi mists on the question of our future, Sir George Knibbs and Mr. T. R. Ashworth. In his book. "The Shadow of the World's Future," Sir George maintains that in eighty-five j'ears our children will see the filling up of the world, and a desperate struggle for . a bare existence will ensue. Mr. Ashworth, in his pamphlet, "The Problem of Population," also paints a most gloomy picture of the coming hustle for food. "Man, like all other forms of life, tends to multiply to the limits of available food, and the struggle for existence becomes keen." But science and evolution will go a long way to mitigate the catas trophe. Every animal, bird, or plant life is' being increased in size. Poul try are much heavier, cattle are weightier, and Voronoff is building a super-sheep. Everything is being graded up. The farmer has done for the feathered tribe what racing men have done for the thoroughbred. And with plants it is easier to improve j quality than yield. The newer species ! of vegetable, for example, have many j virtues ' in flavor and disease resist- | ancc — but the actual bulk of produce is often rather less than more. FARMING AS A RELIGION. Instead of driving farmers, off the land by taxation, everything should be done to make the rising genera tion enthusiastic cultivators and stock rafsers. - How many boys in our schools look to taking up farming as a pro fession? A very few. But as women to-day no longer like an uncertain economic future and are filling minor posts, such as secretaryships, clerk ships, and the less important staff jobs, the rising generations will have to look elsewhere for a living, and farming must become the avenue for existence in the economic struggle of the future. When men vacated their jobs in 1914-18 these were filled by women, and they have held on to them ever since, which in a measure accounts for unemployment here and in Brit ain. ... In America this problem is assum ing very serious dimensions. A re port from one city reveals the fact that 35 per cent, of the women em ployed are married and living with their husbands. In many business organisations nearly half the em ployes — -43 per cent, to be precise — proved to be married women keeping on with their jobs after marriage. The result is a raised standard of living in one direction and the dis tress of low wages or actual unem ployment in another. FARMING A PROFESSION. , Farming as a profession should be one of our elementary teachings, for the farmers of this and the next generations who . work . honestly and intelligently will be rendering their country a more valuable service than any other citizen. They will be forerunners and ex amples to a host of smaller farmers and small landholders who will come Into being as soon as the standard of knowledge is high enough. And then the political significance is only too apparent, and the pro ducer will be giving a lead and com ing into his own. DENMARK SHOWS THE WAY. Science, education, hut, above all, co-operation arc what arc going to revolutionise farming and put it on a sound footing. Take little Den mark for example. Denmark is the most progressive agricultural coun try in the world, but it was not always so. Most farmers in Denmark own their own land, and the whole of the mod ern Danish farming movement came from the initiative of what is known In the old countries as the "gentle men farmers," who operated on a large scale. This fact,, which is , of great im portance, is generally totally over looked especially (and no doubt in tentionally) by our democratic poli ticians. The gentlemen farmers and yeomen were the pioneers of farming in Denmark. The great co-operative movement which has done so much for the pro ducer was started by them. Every thing grew from this beginning. The schools and colleges came later, securing the foundations of Danish farming, and making it possible to extend its scope. i THE CULTIVATION QUESTION. All good agricultural land should be put under cultivation. Everything should be done to-day to make the map who owns a moderate amount of good agricultural land < realise that it is his paramount duty to culti vate it and - devote all his time and energies to that end. These men should be leaders from which the countryside draws inspira tion. The time is passed for hold ing good agricultural land for graz ing. Land alienated and in process of alienation amounts to 169 million acres. This certainly Includes the best of our arable land. The area of chief crops iri 1922-23 w'as i6J million acres. The essential question is how much of the alienated land can be brought under crop. Australia is a pastoral country away from the coastal areas. In addition to the pasture land alien ated, 949 millions of acres are held under lease or licence. How much of this land is available for crops? Not much. The. proportion of our acreage | which has sufficient fertility and rainfall to bp adapted to cultivation is what we want to arrive at. People are flocking to the cities because the land Is invariably unsuitable for cultivation. One of the great forces which has shaped history is land hunger. But thousands to-day leave their farms because it docs not pay to cultivate the soil. AMERICA'S POSITION. Mr. T. R. Ashworth, president of the Employers' Federation, in his pamphlets (No. 3) says:-- "Up to the end of the nineteenth century the people of the United States revelled in cheap food ob tained through hasty and inefficient methods made, possible by a plentiful supply of cheap land and powerful agricultural implements. The yield per man was high and per acre low. "The most intensive of European farmers - the Belgians — cultivated about 5 acres per man; in the United States the corresponding figure is 26 acres. The Belgian yield is, however, only twice, not five times, as great pqr acre. With more intensive cultivation, diminishing returns for' each addi tional outlay per acre set in between 1890 and 1900. Food exports de creased and food imports increased to such an extent that the United States virtually ceased to be a food export ing c country since 1900. East is of opinion that by hard work and intensive cultivation the- yield per acre may be nearly doubled. In addition agricultural limits can he extended until cropped acres are more than half again what they are to-day. ' After making all allowances lie esti- ( mates the maximum population that can be supported by the food re sources of the country at approxi mately 200 in ill ions. At the present rate of increase this figure will be reached in 1960. STANDARD OF UVJNG. No doubt the rate will be reduced as the saturation point is approached, but it is evident that unless' means are devised before thlc end of this century to restrict the population of the United States so that it may be come nearly stationary, standards of living must be lowered, and economic and social problems wiRythen become even more pressing than they are in Europe to-day. For when that time comes the pre sent undermanned countries, will be practically full, and the two reliefs — emigration and food imports — obtain ing in Europe now will not then be available. Mass production and mass distribu tion (physical machinery) together with improved social machinery hold out great hope for human betterment provided that population be limited to a point at which competition for food does not becorne too keen. LIMITING POPULATION. But uniess means Iks devised for securing this limitation, the urge of self-preservation—the hunger Instinct — will doom man to' endless misery, warfare, and class strife. How is population to be limited? In the past, when men -have .been pressing -upon the means of subsist ence, wars, . famines,- and pestilences have kept the numbers down. But in modern life? these, positive checks are regarded asi-evilq. to be fought against, and new means must be found. Obviously, if population ;is to be limited, an endeavour should i 'be made to retain the. Jiest elements and eliminate , the infripr. AUSTRALIA'S FUTURE. The question of'-population outnum bering the food supply, of course, is of intense interest. Professor Griffiths Taylor estimates that Aus tralia's population will have reached the saturation point at 66 million. If this he correct it means that with 60\. millions of people the Australian standard of living in, ao far as food and clothing are concerned, must come down until it approximates that of Europe, and that th& eeppomic and social problems which are causing so much concern now will be intensified to an appalling extent. It looks as if 40 million will be about Australia's limit in population. But the conditions, of Australia, such as droughts, disease, and pests; makes it extremely hazardous.. The losses to-day from these copses is colossal. Blow-fly, alone ac counts for four or flvve million pounds per annum, while tick, buffalo fly; and other pests carry off thousands of stock yearly. Insects are our most important rivals in nature, land war against them as we cultivate has to be made because the niore we grow 'the greater the increase. It is a world-wide movement. Should wc fail, it is quite possible pests might exterminate us and in herit the earth. DROUGHT AND RABBITS. In Central Australia drought affects even the rabbits, but 12 months after a good rainfall they re-appear in millions and eventually will deplete Central Australia of all food. "v The tick evil is one of the worst in Australia. It prevents stock from fattening, and the losses alone run into thousands of pounds yearly. The buffalo fly, the coming great scourge; is nearly#as bad as the tick, and is already responsible for great stock losses. This species of pest will never be eradicated, and the more cattle produced the greater the pest. It is the same with every species of plant. THE ULTIMATE PROBLEM. The more one cultivates the greater the number of pests. It is different in Europe, where farmers cultivate such small areas. A coun try like Australia requires great care and judgment regarding population. A crisis in the food supply could be easily reached with a large popula tion. We have even now seen wheat im ported. A country that suffers from long dry periods has to be extremely cautious. It is one of the greatest questions of the day, although we are far in advance. Whether the saturation point is 60 or 100 millions, the ultimate prob lem , is the , same. We should have an approximate idea as to when our present condition of abundant food supply will end, so that we may shape our economic and social policies accordingly. In particular the policy 6f immigration should be seriously considered. MASS PRODUCTION. America intensified the difficulties which inevitably follow the increas ing complexities of an expansion of mass production5 on , the one hand, and of the social regulations necessi tated thereby on the other hand, by importing inferior racial strains, and by encouraging inferior elements to multiply. America imported the black man as an adjunct to agriculture, but the race which has increased to over ten millions,, .flocks to the cities and takes no part, jn the food supply ex cept to help consume it. Nowadays apparently everyone winds a "conchy" job in a city, and the rising genera tion are being brought up with ,jthat idea. : ... The, city holds out too many at tractions for most. What Australia is sorely in need of is decentralisation;- 