Germany and Australia Consul-General Welcomed . There wns a largo and rcprcsenta- > tivo gathering Jn tho Gorman Hall. Woolloongabba, last night, when a social was hold to wolcomo tho Consul- ' aencral for Germany (Dr. H. C. Buoslng). The president ot the clyb (Mr. J. Dllger) presided. Mr. F. Kropp (secretary) read nn address of wolcomo In tlio- German, language. Tho address stated that the club had been In existence for ' almost half d century. Tlio German - pcoplo In Queensland wero tied by a bond ot love and friendship with tho Fatherland. They had suffered with tho homeland during the war, butwera now full of hope for the futuro. They trusted that Dr. Buoslng would feel nt home in Australia. IMPROVED RELATIONS. Sir. A. Llcdlc, speaking In Ocrmnn,' ' ' supported tho address of welcome, no ' said that they were all workers. Tho Governor (Sir John Goodwin) was no less a worker than they, and In the accomplishment of his work they all stood behind hint. It was many years since they had had tho plcasuro of welcoming a consul-general from Ger many and the occasion was Indeed h happy one. Ho trustod that Dr. Buo slng would do much to foster better relations between Australia and tlio Fatherland, and that he would mako it possible for more German Immi grants to enter Australia. There was ' l'oont for thousands moro workers, and they would no doubt' welcome the op portunity of coming here. IIo assured tho guest that tho 31,000 Germans In Queensland would be as equally pleased ns those present to liavo hlrt know that he wns welcome. Mr. Llcdlc called for tlirco "hoclis" which woro enthusiastically shouted, while a German song of .fellowship wns sung by nil. CONSUL- GENERAL'S REPLY. Dr. Buoslng, who wns greeted with 1 applause, said that when ho arrlvod nt the Central stntion on Tuesday night ho wns most ngrcchly surprised at the welcome arranged for him. Tho wolcomo of tho German Club. hnw. over, was a revelation to him. ' Toil havo your interests here," ho said, "lou earn your living here. Wo from Germany havo no doslro to In duce you to leave Germany! on tho contrary wo ask you to ontor Into your work hero ns wholoheartcdly ns sou would In your Fatherland. (Hear, . hear.) At tho samo time wo consider that you should bo, proud ot your native blood, and that Britain should also bo proud ot you. Germany has passed through troublous times. Fow of you can Imagine tho suffering of your countrymen during tho war. I was at tho front for three years. Fre quently wo recolved no food, whllo away from tho front the peoplo sub- sisted on rations. But wo havo sur- vlvod tho crisis. Almost as rapidly ns wo wero rulnod so did wo again prosper. We still havo much to ac complish; but It wilt bo accomplished. I thank you most heartily for your wonderful welcome.' OTHER TOASTS. Llciitennnt-Colonel N. A. If. Camp bell. A.D.C., responded to tho toast of "The Governor's Roprcsentntlvo." The toast of "Parliament" wns pro posed by Mr. F. Mongol and responded tn liy Mr. W. A. Brand, M.L.A. Other tonal s were "Visiting CoiimuIm." proposed by Mr. G. Tollman. M.L.A. , nnd responded to by tho Vlco- Coniiil for Denmark (Lieutenant-Colonel V. Larson), nnd tho Conaul-Gcnural for ureeee (air. Chrlaty Freclcaglis), "Civic Authorities," proposed by Mr. E. B. Mnher, M.L.A. , and respond ell to by Chief Inspector J. McXiiinura, "Kindred Associations." proposed by Mr. F. Kropp nnd responded to by Messrs. W. McGregor (president ot tho Culedanlnn Society nnd Burmi Club). P. Erlkseu (Danish Association), and 11\. Hudson (Goctlio Bund). ' A musical programme was eenlrH lmtod. 