The WEEK'S CABLE NEWS His Majesty the King has issued a message to the world, in the form of a letter, in which he expresses his thanks for the widespread and loving solicitude with which he and the Queen have been surrounded during his long illness. A knighthood has been conferred on Mr. F. c. Toone, secretary of the York shire County Cricket Club, who was manager of the English cricket-team which toured Australia last season. • Ms Holiness the Pope has appointed Cardinal Cerretti Protector of the Sis ters of Charity at Sydney, the Sisters Of Mercy at North Sydney, and the Sisters of Mercy at Goulburn. A New South Wales 1855 eightpenny orange stamp realised £130 at auction in London on Monday. A Queensland 1866 twopenny blue brought £85. . A dramatic arrest of four suspects in connection with the Tipperary Bank robbery has been made. A force of detectives and civic guards'surrounded a bouse at Johnstown. They- rushed a ground floor window, and overpowered an armed guard. Then they arrested three others, who were sleeping up stairs. There was a rifle at each bed side. The police found a dump of arms and provisions in preparation for a long siege.. Tbe Board of Trade inquiry into tbe loss of the liner Vestris, in the Atlantic, has been opened. It is the biggest shipping inquiry since the Titanic sank. : Bir James Cairn (the ship owner) has purchased for £30,000 a famous collec tion of model ships. It is the larg est collection in Britain, and some of the models belonged to Samuel Pepys. At present the collection is housed on C. B. Fry's training ship, Mercury. The purchase money will endow a fund to enable the continuance of Fry's valuable work of training boys for the sea, instituted by Charles Hoare, who collected the models. The Danish Government has been advised that a rescue party fruitlessly searched Crocet Island for traces of the overdue sailing ship Kobehhavn. The Chancellor of the Exchequer (Mr. Winston Churchill) stated in the House of Commons last week that the total amount paid to America on account of the British debt to date was £246,600,000, and the total amount re ceived by Britain from former Allies ln the Great War was £33.700,000. The Reparations Conference in Paris is virtually dead, no agreement having been reached as to payments. The most important industrial move in Britain for many years began in London last week, when the General S'oundl of the Trades Congress met elegates of the National Confedera tion of Employers' Organisations and the Federation of British Industries to examine the possibilities of greater co-operation between capital and labour. The number of unemployed in Brit ain on April 15 was 1.153,500, being 24, -567 less than the .week before, but 69,726 more than a year ago. The London "Dally Telegraph" is in formed from a reliable source that the Cunard Line intends to build two super liners of 75,000 tons, designed to attain a speed giving the line world supremacy. Negotiations are proceeding between the Federated Seamen's Union of Aus tralasia and Canada for an alliance. The Duke of Sutherland has sold to a New York art dealer for approxi mately £70,000 the famous Romney portrait of the Duchess of Sutherland, which hung in the Surrey Mansion for years. It is an interesting sequel to a recent dispute, in which the Duke sent a letter to the same New York dealer, who was exhibiting a Romney of the Duchess stating that it was not the original, but a copy. To prevent tlje introduction of plague and other diseases, the Gov ernment of Spain has banned imports of fruits and vegetables from Japan, the United States, Canada, ard New Zealand. Cargoes en route will be sub jected to a scientific examination, and if suspected will be destroyed or re turned. Sir Rabindranath Tagore, the noted Indian author, who had Jin "unfortu nate experience" with Amertcau im migration officials, has declared his intention not to tour America, but to return to the Orient by the first boat. He stated that the American people saw nothing in Asiatic life but what Involved "sexual vice and perversity." The poet, commenting on Mayo's book. "Mother India," questioned whether it was because of the welfare of his country, or because "all the accounts of vice and sex perversity offer, you Americans mental food, for which you have cultivated an eager avidity that has caused the book to be such a good seller" "Colonel" Barker, or Mrs. Lillian Irma Valerie Smith, the woman who for six years masqueraded as a man, pleaded guilty to a charge of making a false statement in connection with signing a register of marriages. Bhe was sentenced to imprisonment for nine months in the second division Ten Hindus were shot by a Moslem in Jacobabad, in the Bind district. Two men and a woman were killed in stantly, three men died later, and four persons were seriously injured. The crime was the sequel to an attack by a Moslem boy on a Hindu boy. The Hindu's relatives threw the Moslem boy from a window, and killed him. The Moslem's relations, who are wild hill tribesmen, swore to take 10 Jives for one. The man who was chosen to commit the crime shot all his vic tims in half an hour in one district. Hindus in Jacobabad, becoming panic stricken, left the town, and the shops have' been closed. It is feared that there will be repercussions over a large area. The death has occurred in England of Lady O'Grady, wife of the Governor Of Tasmania (Sir James -p'Grady). . W. R. Hammond, the English Test cricketer, and Miss Lister were mar ried at Blng-ey (Yorkshire) on Wed nesday. . News of it fast motor life-boat, cap able of a speed of 17 or 18 knots, for use in the English' Channel, is an nounced by the Royal National Life boat Institution. The lifeboat will cost between £17,000 and £18,000,- and will be stationed at Dover. * A sensation has been caused in Cairo by the death of Dr. Frank Cols Madden (an Australian), who was found at his home with a revolver in bis hand. A similar tragedy occurred at Alexandria, where Dr. Thomson (president of the Quarantine Board) was found dead. • A sensational Jewel robbery was per petrated at a fashionable West .find (London) hotel. Thieves scaled the rear wall of the premises and entered the window of a bedroom occupied by Mrs. Jurgon, the wife of a millionaire. They ripped 'open a jewel case containing a collection of pearls valued at £50, -000. After 24 hours' isolation, due to elec trical storms, Captain Malcolm Camp bell broke tbe world's five miles and five kilometre record. His average speed over tbe five miles equalled -12 miles an hour, beating the prevlous record by 72 m.pJi. The 10,000-ton cruiser Pensacola was launched for the United States Navy from the Brooklyn Yards on Thursday. It has been decided between Canada and the United States* to arbitrate in the I'm Alone case. A merger of the Standard Oil Company of New York with the Vacuum Oil Company is believed to be near completion. An announcement of the terms is expected in a few days, depending upon__the consent of the Department of Justice. The Cunard liner Anconia arrived at Liverpool from New York, via Halifax' (Nova Scotia), nearly four days late. She encountered 90 miles of ice, and some of the bergs wero bigger and longer than the liner. The vessel one day covered only 42 miles, compared with the normal 343 miles. His Majesty the King on Saturday knighted Sir Henry Segrave, tbe famous motorist, who recently estab lished a world's record of 231 miles an bom*. The Royal Air Force Falrey mono plane, piloted by Squadron-Leader Jones-Williams and Flight-Lieutenant Jenkln, was forced to land at Karachi, after flying 4130 miles, 336 miles short of the world's non-stop long distance record. The 'plane was in the air for 50 hours 38 minutes. The German dirigible Graf Zeppelin landed at Freidrichshafen on Thurs day night, after having been in tbe air for 57 hours. As a protest against the charity. State, and municipal taxes, which, it is declared, are crippling industry, the French theatres have decided to close the theatres on May 15, unless Par liament is summoned specially to give relief. The chief objection is against the charity tax, which is known as "the right of the poor." Sixty thousand workers in the Bom bay cotton mllto struck work on Fri day, in response to the call of the Com munist union. Fifty mills are idle. A conflict of views has arisen In the Preparatory Disaraament Com mission over the question of the in clusion of trained reserves in the figure of peace time effectives. Britain and the United States have waived their objections in the hope that it will assist the Commission in reaching agreement. Mr. Gibson appealed to the delegates to place their cards on the table,.and not to adopt a spirit of bargaining. Four*'persons were burned to death and 15 were seriously injured when a motor coach, travelling from Reading to London on Saturday night, over turned near Maidenhead, and caught fire. A flft hdeath as a result of the accident was announced later. Britain defeated America in the Ryder Golf Cup on Saturday by 7 to 5. Bolton Wanderers defeated Ports mouth by two goals to nil in the final of the English Cup, which was played at Wembley on Saturday, and was witnessed by 93,000 spectators. . The New York agency of the Com monwealth Bank will be discontinued after June 10. The High Commissioner for Aus tralia (Sir Granville Ryrie) on Sun day unveiled a memorial at Harefieid Church (England) to 112 Australian soldiers who died In the Harefield* Hospltal, and were buried in the churchyard. According to cable advice received in Auckland the Federal'steamer Sussex, under charter to the Union Steamship Co., caught fire after leaving Samar ang on Friday. Apparently the fire is of serious dimensions, as the after sec tion of the vessel has been' flooded in an attempt to keep the flames ln check. ' His Majesty the King has created General Booth (of the Salvation Army), a Companion of Honour. \- Thousands of dwellings in a suburb of Tokio have been ren dered uninhabitable by a leakage of poison gas from the army munition factory into sewers. Serious sickness resulted, but no deaths bave been re ported. Fax A-.erteaj_a. Uncle Bam, to Mr. Kellogg (who Is holding ~~ War Outlawry Pact): "As you see, dear Kellogg, we want an other fifteen cruiser* to get perfect peace." —"Guerln Meschino," Milan 