The World in Its Whirl Day by Day X Local. Commonwealth, and Foreign News Epitomised It is reported that ex-Iving Ama-i nullah is marching on Kabul with an army of .12,000. His total force is ex pected to be nearl\\- 100,000. The return for 1927, just published, shows that births in Britain were 40,301 below the figures for 1926, and the rate for the year was the lowest on record. The Washington Supreme Court has ruled that British subjects, who reside in Canada, cannot cross daily into the United States to work unless they are in possession of an immigration visa issued under the quota law. A Russian refugee has been arrested in Berlin for having defrauded a bank of £100,000 in the shape of credits, for which worthless securities were ex changed. He secured advances on the strength of goods warehoused in Berlin, and subsequently removed, and obtained £500,000 on commodities stated to be stored in Holland. When the bank sent their own valuers to appraise the security they found it or trivial worth. Gems cn which he bor rowed £10,000 brought only £750 when sold. Two French, hoys, Louis Ilelie (10) and Laguen (14), who confessed lo theTiiurder of an aged woman, were taken by the police to the wo man's cottage at Vaucresson and made re-enact the crime. The boys described how they had climbed through a window and hit the woman on the head with a piece of iron pip ing, and ho wthey had searched the cottage for money, finding only twelve francs. The police had difficulty in protecting the boys from the fury of the crowd. Two bombs were thrown in (he In dian Assembly last week, and several members were injured. The Chamber presented a terrible scene. It was filled with smoke and the two Govern ment benches were entirely wrecked. The members of the House fled panic stricken. Two men, said to be Com munists, have been arrested in con nection with the outrage. They were] found to be in possession of bombs j and pistols. i Damage estimated at £10,000.000 has been, done to the fruit crops in Cali fornia by frost. » * » The Soviet Press, referring to the contract made by the Soviet film com pany, Sovkino, with British instruc tional Films, says that it provides for the showing of Soviet films simul taneously throughout India, Africa, Australia, and other British posses sions. • ♦ * ♦ Violet Poole CIG>, of Kalgoorlie, was badly burned on the arms and body when her clothes caught fire while she was cooking over a stove. She died in hospital three days later. m sf * Cursing and brandishing revolvers five robbers entered a Synagogue in Chicago and robbed the congregation of £ir»00 in cash and jewels. * * * Twelve stowaways were put ashore by the P. and O. Branch liner Borda at Albany last week. In the Albany Police Court on the foliowiug day they were each lined f~> in default seven days, and all elected to serve the term. They stated, that lack of em ployment at Adelaide had ca-tsed litem to stow" away. i Twenty Germans, who were serving in the French Foreign I-egion, and who were being transferred from Al giers to Indo China, escaped when the troopship v.ras passing through the Suez Canal. They jumped overboard [ near Ismail ia, but two were caught ; in the propellers and fatally injured. The remainder reached the shore and made their way to Port Said, where they boarded a German steamer. • • • The export of Australian lards and animals for which close seasons are prescribed will not be permitted for trade purposes in the future. Zoologi cal gardens will still have a free hand in making exchanges, and visitors will not be debarred from taking away in dividual birds,-except in cases of very rare specimens. In making this deci sion the authorities have been guided by the objectionable features which had grown up in connection with the trade. Three men—James Bnrfitt, George Hemsley, and William Haskell—wort kille\ 1 two seriously injured in si motor e.eeident at Templer's Hill, nesu Gawler (S.A.). The motor lorry on which they \vere riding left the track while descending the hill, and the men were thrown off. PUTTING ON THE FINISHING TOUCHES. A corner of the upholstering department of Bpans furniture factory where the articles shown are rapidly assum 1 ing the shape they will present to the house furnisher. A great variety of materials is used and nothing is used ■1 unless the quality is assured. The majority of (he members of (he British trade delegation have returned from Russia. The Soviet Press says (hat (he next move rests with the British Government as trade develop ment between the two countries is de pendent upon the resumption of normal diplomatic relations. As a result of an explosion while naval cadets were engaged in torpedo practice in Tokio Bay, seven were kill ed and 30 injured. The Ford Motor Company's balance sheet published last week discloses a loss of £14,400,000 duirng 1928. The Bucharest correspondent of the J.ondon "Times" states that masked and armed bandits raided the Cozan cea Monastry, and left after cutting out the Prior's tongue, and mutilating his ucse and ears, because he refused to disclose the whereabouts of the Monastry's funds. Sir .Tames Barrie lias presented all the rights of his play '"Peter Pan" to I he Hospital for Sick Children in (Treat Ormond-street. London. The rights are expected to yield a regular income of £2,000 a year. * * * South America has secured the whole of the British War Office con tract for 1.000,000 lbs of tinned meat. # * * Sydney .Osborne (14), of Inglewood, was badly injured when a bicycle he was riding collided with a motor car at the intersection of Ninth-avenue and •John-street. He was admitted to the Perth Hospital for treatment for a fractured skull, a lacerated jaw, and shock. The disappearance of a mail bag the fourth this year—while in ti-ansit from Boulogne to Folkestone, is being investigated by Scotland Yard. Many letters from Australia were in the bag. * * * Arthur tjtehuKss (12) was killed when the motor car in which he was riding ;kidded and overturned near Katan ning on Saturday afternoon. His brot her, who was driving the car, and ■wo other passengers, escaped injury. • • • Eric Clapp (13), of Cauuington, was idmitfed to the Perth Hospital on Saturday last suffering from a fracture >f the right arm, received when he fell from a horse. • * • Dominio Franeisini <20) was injured vhile doing clearing work near Perth »n "Saturday last, a pLug of gelignite ex ploding in his hand. He lost portion )f the thumb and. two fingers of his left hand, and his right hand iuid right leg were lacerated. » * » James Bond and Arthur Gardner were killed, and three men were in jured, when the motor truck in which they were riding was struck by a train it a level crossing near Fulkam (Vic.). The Greek Naval Air Service has or dered six aeroplanes from an English firm. The 'planes will be capable of carrying a torpedo weighing a ton, slung under the fuselage. Four women were injured when the molor car iu which they were travel ling tore through a picket fence and plunged dpwn an almost vertical em bankment into the Jolimont (Vic.) rail way yard. At the bottom of the em bankment, which is about 35 feet in height, the ear crashed into the side of 1 a stationary electric train. One of the injured women is Mrs. Florence Ford, of Perth. # $ * Mrs. Julia Mary Clark (54) was killed and two other persons were iu-, jured when a motor ear overturned in Melbourne-road, Lilydale (Vie.), on Saturday last. A bulletin issued last week suvs that the King's progress continues. It is expected that he will be well enough to perform the formalities in connection with the dissolution of Parliament on May 10th. Francis Smith (58) rwas killed and live men were injured. when a motor truck collided with a train in Anzac parade. Moore Park. N.S.W. * * * A knighthood lias been conferred 011 Major Sograve, who made a world's land speed record of 231 miles an hour on Da.vlona Beacli. and who also won the motor-boat speed record at Miami. * * * raptain Campbell hopes to make his attempt on the world's land speed re cord at an early date. His ear. the Bluebird, is now being taken to Ver nenk Pan. South Africa, wlierc the at tempt is to be made. • * * The crew of I lie Southern Cross are of the opinion that; the 'plane will be able to take off successfully from the mud flat on which they made a forced lauding. Petrol is now being trans ported to enable them to make the at tempt. Immediately they can get away they will join in the search for Lieut. Keii li Anderson. • * * Alexander Boss (40). manager of llaglnn Station, near Dungog. N.S.W., was drowned while attempting to cross the Williams Itiver in a sulky. The horse was swept away by the strong current and the sulky overturned. * * • Noticing a man hanging from a tree, by a piece of wire which was noosed around bis neck. Mr. Foulkes. of Ko jonup. released the man and applied artificial respiration, calling for as sistance as soon as signs of animation showed. On the arrival of a doctor complete animation was restored, and the man was removed to the Kojonup j Hospital. He gave the name of Dortolo Baivissi. and was charged with having attempted to commit suicide. Robert Belpratt, a young man, died as a result of being struck on the head by a log which slipped while being un loaded" at. Canungra (Q.). * * * Arthur Stevens (26). was drowned in the Bulloo River (Q.), while driving horses to Toompine. The river was in high flood and Stevenson's horse rolled in the water, causing the driver to be unseated. He was not seen again. * * * (Herbert Bugg (33) and Alexander Candlish (45) were fatally injured when their motor cycles collided with a tramcar in Christchurch (N.Z.). * • • Recent reports from Spain indicate that, student riots have again broken out. Hundreds participated in a bat tle with the police in Madrid. Out breaks have occurred also in Barce lona, Saragossa, and Granada. Alfred Ellis (52), who was charged' with having murdered his son, Ed- j ward Ellis (13), a jockey, at Kensing ton. Sydney, was acquitted last week. After trying several methods for the disposal of a large qualtity of poison ■ ;as-making material left from theI war, the Cologne Council interred 2000 ' tons of it in a concrete coffin in a con- J crete lined grave. Later particulars of the tornado in i Arkansas, stale that 40 persons are dead, and 100 injured. I Tlic Agent-General for Queensland ( has purchased £7000 worth of radium: iu Loudon on l»ehalf of the Queensland Cancer Campaign Council. The conspiracy charges against the crew of the Liritish ship 1m Alone, have heen dismissed. This decision in no way affects the right of the U.S.A. coastguards to seize and search rum runners, but is merely a disposal of the criminal side of the cases. The Court of Criminal Appeal last week dismissed the appeals of Timo thy O'Connell, Alexander Mclver, and Francis Delaney against their sen tences and convictions for having bombed the Greek Club, Lonsdale street, Melbourne, on December 1. The Chief Justice said that the sen tence of fifteen years imposed by the; Criminal Court, on the three men would stand. A man who entered a bank in Ade laide and pointed a double-barrelled sawn-off shotgun at the manager, was seen by a constable when running away from the building, and after a short chase, was captured. The ar rested man gave the name of John Entwistle (36), and was charged with' robbery under arms. The gun was; loaded, as was an automatic pistol inj his pocket. In his shirt was £247 in notes. * * * Arthur Emmins (23), and Madge Kelynack (19), were drowned in the Barwon River, Vic., last week. They were in a sedan car which, appar ently, became cut of control when de scending a steep hill to the river, and was unable to negotiate a sharp turn at the approach to the bridge. It crashed through the railing at the top of an embankment and fell, into the water, where it sank. Miss Kelynack and Emmins were to have been mar ried this week. The Kobenhaven, a Danish training ship with 70 cadets on board, lert Buenos Aires on December 14 for Australia and has not bfeen heard of since. The steamer Deucalion, on her voyage from Cape Town to Fremantle, will call at Prince Edward, Crozet, and Kerguelen Islands, where it is thought the crew may be stranded. Dr. Clarence Foster, an 83-year-old bachelor who died In wretched "Condi tions in Leeds, England, was discov ered -to have bonds valued at more than £30,000 in a chest of drawers in his garret. Though eccentric, and wearing tattered clothes, he retained his high mental powers to the end, and frequently contributed to literary and scientific journals. * * * The skeleton of Ned Kelly, who was hanged in Melbourne gaol on Nevem ber 11, 1880, was unearthed from be neath the yard of the gaol last week by workmen excavating for the foun dations of a new building. Immedi ately the discovery was made known there was a rush of souvenir hunters and the bones were taken as memen toes. The Premier, of Victoria has instituted an inquiry into the dese cration of the grave. Mr. James Warner, who was the wireless expert on the Southern Cross during the trans-Pacific flight, is con sidering a flight from San Francisco to Tokio. * * * While engaged in shunting trucks at Stawell (Vic.), James Richards (29) was caught between two trucks and dragged for over 100 yards before the train stopped, and his right leg was torn from the socket. Richards was conscious when picked up and smoked a cigarette on the way to hospital. His brother submitted to a transfusion of blood, but Richards died a few hours later. * * * Owing to a young woman dispenser mistaking the position of the decimal point when making up a prescription, three young brothers of Wembley (England), were poisoned. As a re sult of the mistake the medicine con tained ten times too great a quantity of a powerful drug. At the inquest the jury returned a verdict of acci dental death. \ A Moorish fisherman drawing in his nets at Melilla (Morocco), found the uniformed bodies of two Spanish air men. it is assumed that the^ are the bodies of Captain Maulak and. Captain Tauler, who disappeared on December 21 while flying from Spain to Morocco. • * * Many Communists were injured. 12 severely, and 2M) were arrested, at Rc.mesvar, Rumania, during a demon stration. Four police constables were shot. • * * * Stables at Peterburv, N.S.W., owne-i by Mr. H. A. Murray, were destroyed by fire last week. Five ponies were rescued without injury, but f?-50 in. bank notes, which Mr. Murray had left in the building in his clothing, was burned. • ♦ ♦ Horace Jennings (20), vho.last week escaped from the Mount Gambier gao\,< for the second time in a month, was arrested, after three days' freedom, by two policemen after a chase in a street. » * * Phillip Dane (18) died in the Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, where he had been taken by two men in. a motor car several hours earlier. He was admitted suffering from a broken neck and severe injuries to his head and face, including a broken jaw. The men, who had been sitting in the front seat of the car, offered the explanation that Dane, who was in the rear seat, must have been leaning out' of the car and struck his head against a post. 