A VISITOR LIFTS THE UD By R.J.C. TWO years ago the Danish Government, not feeling disposed to believe, In their entirety; the stories of immigration boosters with axes to grind, decided to send out' a highly- qualified . dairy expert to investigate conditions, and report on .the chances of Danish settlement in Aus tralia. . . \- Slowly, carefully, and methodically that expert, Mr. Peter Hansen, travelled to the tune of 70,000 miles throughout all the States of the Commonwealth. There was none of the Foster Fraser or the Rudyard Kipling posthaste hurry in his itinerary. He came out to see for himself, to weigh the evidence for him self, and, finally, to decide for him self, and report accordingly to his Gov ernment. ' And what are this expert's conclusiots? He declares, unhesitatingly and un- ; . equivocally, that he cannot recom ' mend 'Danish settlers to come ? here with limited capital. 'AS a result, of my/ Inquiries and ob seryations,' says Mr. Hansen,' 'I am most certainly convinced that for any | man to come out to Australia with a few hundred pounds to engage in agriculture ] is taking a very big risk. I am going to ; convey that! considered verdict to the Danish Government.' And small wonder!. ^ : | For,: besides making a point of yarning with unfortunate, swagjnen, . and /other out-of-works;' he got into intimate touch ?j.- ; . . - with Danes who had settled in Aus, tralia, and from their own lips learned the bitter truths of their experiences. , v ^ome of these disclosures iare pathetic ally illuminative. For instance, in the course of his travels he met some mem bers -of a jsroup of 20. or 30 Danes who had ^engaged in share - farming in the north-eastern mallee districts of Vic toria during the past three years. And this is what he found:. Their first two crops of wheat were failures, and the last averaged about nine bushels. By the time they had paid the machinery instalments, store keepers' bills, and forage account nothing would be left. The total re-, suit of' three years' hard . work, averaging 16 hours a. day, was that, through no fault of their own, they j were practically penniless. ADMITTEDLY the climate was held largely responsible for this deplorable! result. But let us not forget that the districts mentioned are climatically favored in comparison with' many other localities where the sons of local' farmers are asked, and expected, to settle. Again, on the North Coast of N.S.W. Mr. Hansen asked if there was any work available for farm hands, and received in reply a most emphatic 'No.' On. the contrary, he -found that farmers and graziers seemed to be employing as littte labor as possible, that few im ' ' ' ' * ft * ' - ? - . 1 ' . ! provements were being made, - and . that i more and more dependence was being placed on family labor. ? | In Denmark, Mr. Hansen pointed out, closer settlement inherently connotes scientific and intensive cultivation, well equipped, farm buildings, and ample stock food reserves. . And 'these thjngs, generally speaking, are, in his .opinion, conspicuous/ by their scarcity in Aus tralia. . ? . ALL these summations of an acknow ledged expert are decidedly interest- - ing. But what needs' to bes borne in mind; is that Mr. Hansen is concerned only with productive methods. ' . In the whole of his statement, he makes riot a single reference to the fact that the small settler in Australia is hedvily handicapped because he. is pushed into the inferior country by the big, land monopolists. In Denmark, a small country in wnibh intensive production is a national neces sity,' there are no vast wholly or semi neglected sheep and cattle walks. There the land is a democratic heritage. And, besides, being close to the London, Berlin, Paris and other Continental markets, the Danish primary producer enjoys quick and profitable sales for practically the whole of his agricultural and dairy, products. Mr.. Hansen, however, has seen and learnt enough during his visit to emr phatically convince him that any attempt! to induce his countrymen to settle in Aus tralia would be the equivalent of induc ing catastrophe to evidence its presence. / And although the local Tory journals, committed to indiscriminate immigration, ?may deplore the Danish expert's so called pessimism, the fact remains that, just as his investigations have been wide and thorough, his conclusions are irre futable. There is another aspect. It Is this: if, in the Opinion of the EXPERIENCED MR. HANSEN, THE DANES, WHO HAVE LEARNT IN TENSIVE CULTIVATION AND DAIRYING FROM THEIR INFANCY, CANNOT HOPE TO SUCCEED IN AUSTRALIA, WHAT C H A N C E HAVE BRITISH MIGRANTS TO SUCCEED, CONSIDERING THAT THE GREAT MAJORITY OF THEM COME FROM THE INDUSTRIAL CENTRES OF THE UNITED KING DOM? AS a matter of proven fact, THEY j HAVE NO CHANC13 /AT ALL.! They are/ doomed to failure from the very first. And, moreover, even if land monopoly were ended, and the big estates burst up and subdivided, these unwanjeds of John Bull would not, as a class, make, good, and eventually would drift to the cities — as they have done in the past — to be charges on the community in general. The statement of the expert from Den mark should at. least have the effect of causing our migration-mad politicians and capitalistic scribblers to think a . ,/ . little more deeply and rationally . than they have in the past. ; At anyrate,/ .the warning ? that Mr. Hansen .has issued to his fellow-panes, ? in no uncertain or mistakable terms, has much more than . a Danish interpretation - and application. ? r ' . .- And if it isn't broadcast through out Great Britain it will be either be cause the truth is being hidden, ' or ; our overseas, representatives are guilty of an almost criminal dereliction of duty. 