FOR QUEENSLAND. IN THE BEEJAPORE. Incidents Of The Voyage. MIGRATION 66 YEARS AGO. (By J. T. S. B.) "What will you do, love, When I am going, With white sails flowing, The seas beyond?" It was 66 years ago, on March 4, that the good ship Beejapore, 1676 tons regis- ter, Captain Edward Brabazon Drenning, sailed from the East India Docks, London, for Brisbane, via Queenstown (Ireland) and Keppel Bay. She also had on board the surgeon superintendent, Dr. Belinfante, a German medico, who was by no means a good English scholar. He was fussy, excitable, and eccentric, and a most unsuitable man for the somewhat onerous position. Thus 66 years ago at the present time the Beejapore was on the high seas voy- aging to Rockhampton, and cast anchor in Keppel Bay on June 25th, 1863, after a speedy voyage of 91 days from Queens- town. It is a long stretch of time since the passengers and immigrants by the ship were landed in Rockhampton and Brisbane, but no doubt there are still a good number living, in addition to the writer, who will remember the good old ship. In many ways the Beejapore was a notable ship, with her handsome figure- head of an Indian potentate. She was an American-built full-rigged ship of the old frigate class, with broad bows and long spars. This build was getting out of date at the time, as clipper-built ships were becoming the vogue, being occasionally much faster. On this occasion the extra canvas the Beejapore could carry more than compensated her broad bows, and few ships ever beat her record to Keppel Bay. In a previous voyage from London to Melbourne the Beejapore had taken 1000 passengers, mostly gold-seekers for the Victorian fields. On this trip to Queensland she took 700 statute adults but more in actual numbers. This was the largest number ever brought to Queensland on one vessel from Great Britain, and the Beejapore was the largest sailing vessel that ever came to Keppel Bay, except the Great Pacific which with 2088 tons, and come with railway iron for the Central railway in 1866. In 1862 and following years which was during the American Civil War - there was heartrending distress in Lan- cashire in consequence of there being no cotton for the mills, and hundreds of the operators out of work took advantage of the liberal terms offered them, to try their fortunes in the new colony of Queensland. The land order system was then in existence, and all fullpaying passengers were entitled to an £18 order on arrival and another £12 order after a satisfac- tory residence of two years. The land orders were available for all but town lands and areas contiguous. Some of the present suburbs of Brisbane were taken up by these orders. EARLY PREPARATIONS. The Beejapore took about 250 passen- gers from London, about 150 being Lan- cashire cotton operatives, and 100 from various counties and countries. At Queenstown the vessel took in a lot more cargo and over 450 passengers, the bulk of them from County Tipperary, brought out under a scheme, of Bishop Quinn's the first Roman Catholic Bishop in the State. The whole complement was a distinctly mixed lot, the Irish predom- inating considerably, the English next, followed by the Welsh, and Scots. There were also several from continental coun- tries, and an Armenian Jew, Jacob Man- asses. In the writer's berth were five English, three Irish, one Welsh (Tom Brewer), and one German, (Carl Ischer). One of the Englishmen was Reynolds, an ex-publican, from Poplar, who succeeded in bringing a King Charles spaniel with him which he eventually illegally landed in Brisbane. lt was a great pet in the ship. In this cabin was the writer and two younger brothers, aged 20, 18, and 16 respectively. It was intended to take the ship from London to Queenstown by a tug but the trip was a rough one, and after sheltering in Portland for a day or two, very stormy conditions were again encountered in Mount's Bay, and after the towing hawser had been twice repaired, Captain Drenning ordered the tug to return, and sail was set on the ship and she headed for Cork Harbour. Then came a tantilising period of ten days, and while Edward, Prince of Wales was marrying his Danish bride, the Beejapore was prancing round wait- ing for a favourable wind to enter the narrow entrance of Cork Harbour. Af- ter having seen the light at the entrance, we were exactly one week before we saw it again. But all things come to an end, and about March 20th the ship was safely anchored in the harbour, with Spike Island lying to the east. Leave was obtained and quite a large number went on shore to say we had been in Ireland, and to compare the colleens with those we had seen on the stage. Meanwhile the ship was taking in her cargo, and the Irish passengers. The passengers from London had got their sea-legs by this time, and were almost horrified at the dreadful seasick condition of the newcomers. In spite of strict instructions to be on board at a certain hour, two married men, with their wives on board, could not be dragged away from the good Irish ale, and only arrived on the quay as the Beejapore was being tugged out to the heads. Fully alive to their awful predicament, they quickly hired a boat with two rowers to overhaul the departing ship. They evidently thought the captain would slow down to pick them up, but Captain Drenning was not that accommodating, and so the rowers had to stop, and two weeping wives and some children lost sight of their fathers - Charles Brown and Nicholas Tierney. They managed to get away by the next ship. INCIDENTS OF THE VOYAGE. Gentle breezes drove the ship across the Bay of Biscay, and on towards the equator. Day by day eager eyes were watching for a sight of land, but the only glimpses obtained of land from Ireland to Queens- land (Great Sandy, now Fraser's Island), was the little rocky Isle of Trinadad, once the resort of pirates, about 700 miles off the coast of Brazil. It was the rule throughout the voyage when weather permitted, to hold religious services on Sunday on the main deck. The Roman Catholics were in charge of Father T. Keating, a tall young looking priest with an English face, who held mass early in the day. Later in the forenoon Captain Drenning read the Church of England service. Two alarms of fire occurred on the voyage, nothing serious as it happened but enough to show everybody what an appalling disaster such an occurrence would be. As it was, there were mad rushes to the gangways, but the sudden flames from exploded ship's lanterns were quickly put out. Light winds took us across the equator, but Captain Drenning gave orders that there should be no "Neptune busi- ness." One morning news went round that a little girl had been added to the passenger list, and she died a couple of years ago at Ashgrove, Brisbane, leav- ing many grandchildren. The first death occurred before we crossed the line, that of a consumptive Irishman, who should never have been allowed on board. When he was buried the remains were weighted with lumps of coal and instead of sinking, the body floated away apparently in the direc- tion we had come - back to Ireland. We watched it, still floating for a couple of hours. lt caused a feeling of sadness to pervade the ship. We were becalmed for three days in the doldrums, during which we drifted into sight of two becalmed clipper ships homeward bound. By one of them, the Sir John Lawrence, from Adelaide, becalmed for seven weeks, we sent letters to friends in the land we had left. Light favourable winds continued till a great difference in the temperature was felt. One day the Beejapore headed to the east, and the good old ship rounded the Cape of Good Hope with studdingsails and skyscrapers set. The chief officer said he had rounded the Cape of Storms twelve times, and this was the first time the weather had not been rough. We were hundreds of miles south of the Cape, Captain Drenning going far south to get the strong favourable breezes at that time of the year. The ship made most of her easting between 48 and 51 degrees of south latitude. It was soon found that going so far south had its disadvantages, for on some days the weather was intensely cold. Hail and sleet were in evidence, and one morning the deck was covered with snow 4 in. deep. On a few days the ship made over 300 knots in the twenty-four hours, the highest rate of speed being 14 knots, but as a rule 12 and 13 knots only were reached, and occasionally the rate of sailing dropped to 7 or 8 knots with strong gusts of wind. A THRILLING CALAMITY. On one such day as this a great calamity occurred. The ship was rolling with a following westerly wind, which came in sudden, strong puffs. The day was intensely cold and passengers wore their thick topcoats, buttoned to the chin. The men were tearing along the deck trying to get warm. The stay- sail, between the fore and main masts, was mostly flapping and the rope that fastened it to a belaying pin lay flat on the deck. A strong puff would come and the rope would tighten with a snap as the vessel careened over to port. It was during one of these lulls that young Campion, from Dublin, with a sister and brother on board, just looked over the side when a strong puff struck the ship on her quarter. The rope tightened like a flash, the ship rolled over and the rope catching Campion under the chin, lifted him up and dropped him over the side into the rolling, spumy ocean. The whole thing took only a couple of seconds. Several saw the appalling incident, but they were powerless to help, though they raised the dreadful cry of "Man overboard!" Howard, the third mate, shouted to some sailors and they quickly lowered a boat from the davits, the sailors jumped in and were ready to attempt a rescue. The captain brought the ship to, but she was soon half-a- -mile away, with the boat tossing about like a cork. Campion was a splendid swimmer, but with a thick topcoat buttoned from neck to heels, he was quite helpless. There was general lamenta- tion all over the ship, and his brother and sister had a look of despair on their faces when the boat returned without their brother. Young Campion was a great favourite on the ship, and his sudden and dreadful loss depressed everyone. He was only one or two and twenty, and being a fine tradesman, fully expected to do well in Queensland. IDLE HOURS To find friendly and suitable amuse- ments and recreation for over 700 people in a confined space was no easy matter, for it was absolutely essential that the passengers should have plenty of exercise and fresh air on the main deck in order to keep in good health. Understanding this, the captain allowed some latitude, and in suitable weather quite a few were allowed to climb the rigging, jump, play leapfrog, dance, and exercises of a similar nature, while every day all the decks had to be thoroughly cleaned, which helped to keep a number in daily employment for an hour or two, keeping them in good health. Playing cards were in great demand, and the bulk of the male passengers spent an hour or two daily in all the popular games of that period. Draughts, chess and dominoes also had their votaries, and with reading, writing and smoking, the hours usually sped pleasantly away. The single men of the third class were all stowed away on the lower deck, the single girls, married people and children, intermediate and second class on the 'tween decks, and the first class on the main deck. This arrange- ment proved satisfactory, but all had to daily spend some hours on the main deck. When on deck the girls were accommodated in front of the first-class cabins and abaft of the mainmast. A rope was stretched across, and forward from that the men assembled. The girls spent much of their time in sewing, reading and singing. In the singing the men drew near and joined in, and there being some fine singers on board, splendid harmony was maintained in popular songs. When we were becalmed in the doldrums the captain had some booms run out from the fore and main yards, and had a large sail attached and dropped into the water to the depth of a few feet, which formed a sort of open bath. Several men availed themselves of the privilege to have a swim in the Atlanic Ocean, but they were admonished not to go beyond the sail, and one or two were ordered back. All got on board again safely, and no sharks were seen, but this was the only occasion on which the sail was lowered. A lot of our chums used to go on deck after all the women had gone to their berths below, and have a lovely bath forward, by dipping the ship's bucket overboard for water and pouring it over each other's head. It was extremely pleasant and helped to keep us all in fine health. Good health was enjoyed right through the voyage, though there were 34 deaths of young children, mainly through lack of suitable food. Only four adults died. Among the second class passengers was the son of a wealthy Tipperary landowner, who spent a lot of money in intoxicating drink which he was able to buy from someone. Sometimes the sailors and some of the inferior officers partook of the beverage, got fuddled, and kicked up a row. One or two got placed in irons to cool off. Beyond a lot of noise and silly threats, no harm was done. Most of the young men who had neglected to bring food of their own suffered greatly from hunger, and the biscuits were too hard for most teeth. Our party of six conceived the idea of soaking the biscuits, squeezing them up, and mixing the stuff with flour, sugar, and raisins, and having it baked. Thus we had a nice pudding which we en- joyed twice a week, and so helped to appease our appetites. However, not having much worldly wisdom at that time, we forgot to tip the cooks, and they complained of our puddings to the captain. I was hauled before his mightiness who bluntly informed me that they did not cook anything twice, and the next time I offended the pud- ding would go overboard. We were in a great state about it, but Reynolds found out all the cooks wanted was a substantial tip. £1 to the chief, and 10s. each to the other two stopped all complaints. Reynolds, a cunning old scamp, also found out that the ship's baker, after he received a tip of £1 10s., was able to produce a 2 lb. loaf, twice a week, for 1s. each. This was a perfect godsend. We ate it dry, but no cake ever tasted so good. We asked no questions as to where he got the flour, in fact we did not care. We now had all of them bribed ex- cept the officer's and cabin passenger's cook, and Reynolds found he was just as amenable to accept a sovereign as the others, and so for the rest of the voyage we could get anything cooked in any form by paying a price for it. Thus early in our careers we learned that "money talks." In spite of close watchings and strict discipline, there were many warm flirta- tions between the single girls and pas- sengers and young sailors. Even the matron was accused of making oppor- tunities to enjoy similar relaxations with the officers. NEARING AUSTRALIA. The Beejapore went south of the Crozet Islands and St. Paul's, but I think north of Kerguelen lsland. We saw none of them, but when we got be- tween the longitude of Australia we were immensely pleased. It appeared as though we were nearing home-the land on which we had placed our hopes. Al- though this was early in the history of Queensland as a separate State, already it was known to Britishers as a coun- try of sunshine and opportunity, with advantages for young and old that Bri- tain herself did not at that time possess. At length the day came when the good old ship had her bows swung round to the north. We were a long distance south and east of Tasmania, and those who climbed to the maintop failed to get a glimpse of that island. All were glad to get away from the cold weather and the menacing-looking rough seas. The obliging good-natured chief officer, who had given all the information as to position during the voyage, was im- portuned more than ever as to latitude and longitude. Days and nights became steadily warmer, and the albatrosses which had followed the ship, with other sea birds such as gulls and Cape pigeons, left us for other localities. The delight of everybody with the clear sunny skies day after day was unbounded, and the spirits of every person rose to a fine state of buoyancy. It was amusing to watch the eager looks of the passengers all in a westerly direction, hoping to get the first glimpse of Australia. About June 20th, a look- out man from aloft announced "Land O !" and soon after Fraser's Island could be seen from the deck. We sped along at about six knots, with the lead going frequently, for the chart the captain had (it was stated) was not so reliable as those of later periods. After passing Cape Capricorn, nearly all sail was taken off the ship till good old Pilot Haynes, and his bronzed boat's crew, hove in sight, and being a clean ship, steered the Beejapore to the anchorage off Seaview Hill, and the rumbling of the chain through the hawse-hole gave the glad news that the anchor was down and the momentous voyage ended, on June 25-ninety-one days from Queens- town. ON SHORE AGAIN. At this period there was no tele- graph to Rockhampton from Keppel Bay, so Captain Drenning lost no time in getting away in the long boat, in which a mast and sail had been fixed. In due course Dr. Callaghan, the Health Officer, granted practique, and about 450 passengers or more left in the steamer Queensland, which hap- pened to pass on her voyage from Bris- bane to Rockhampton. The steamer was delayed at the Upper Flats, where the old Boomerang lay with her back broken, and arrived at the wharf at the foot of William-street, at an early hour on Sunday, June 28. Tho Government, presumably, had provided a treat-a huge supply of fresh bread and baked roast beef, with tea in which there was plenty of milk and sugar. Such a meal had not been en- joyed since the passengers left their homes, and the crowd on the wharf en- joyed the sight, laughing to see the " limejuicers " tuck away the provisions. It was a clever move, for scores who had decided to complain of the starva- tion treatment on shipboard, all passed the guard on to the wharf, replying to the inquiry to each, " Any complaints!" " No ; None." And so we were on Queensland soil at last, glad indeed to stretch our legs once more on firm ground. We went straight up William-street, but though the streets were wide they were not formed, nor were the footpaths, and up the street were a few stumps that had not yet been removed. East- street had been cleared of stumps, but very few houses or shops had been built. The whole block bounded by East, Wil- liam, Derby, and Bolsover streets was vacant, and was used as a cricket ground by the Rockhampton Club. Near- ly all the business places were in Quay-lane, reaching from William- street to North-street. There were a few shops in Denham-street and Bolso- ver-street. The post office was in the centre of the block now occupied by police offices and courts-a miserable little building. A few shops were from Fitzroy-street along East-street, and in half of Richmond House was the "Bul- letin" Office, published twice a week, with the "Northern Argus" office in Denham-street at the corner of the lane. Tents, shacks of Hobarttown palings, with here and there a building of some size and importance, but vacant spaces, stumps, logs, and a fair number of trees occupied the allotments. The Church of England was the pre- sent Sunday School, the Roman Catho- lic Church in Derby-street, next to the Presbyterian Church. The Royal Hotel, then the only two-storey hostelry, was where the Customs bonded store is. The building of the old Custom House had just started. Along East-lane north of Fitzroy-street, were cottages of a larger size, also the lockup, police quart- ers, the new depot buildings, the hos- pital, and dead house. The Criterion Hotel occupied its present site, but was small with a prominent bar. We hastened to the depot and found it new and just completed, with an ambundance of meat and bread supplied. We all took possession of our bunks, and made ourselves as comfortable as we could, though the appearance of things fell short of what we expected. That Sunday afternoon a good number were offered employment and went, and first thing on Monday morning I went to the "Bulletin" Office, presented my creden- tials, and was sent upstairs to the com- posing room, and was quickly at work. As I have said the immigrants were of a good class, and they found rapid employment-that is the single women and single men. A lot of these were sent off to distant stations in the bush, in some cases 300 or 400 miles away, ac- companied by a bullock dray. No doubt there are a few of the old buildings still existing, but practically it may be said Rockhampton has been entirely rebuilt since the arrival of the immigrants by the Beejapore. On July 9th the immigrants by the Hannah Moore arrived, and took pos- session of the depot, nearly all thc Bee- japore having departed. DISTURBANCE ON THE SHIP. It is necessary to go back a little and to state that after the passengers left, the ship on Saturday afternoon, those left behind were very much up- set, the sailors in particular wanting to follow the girls. A lot of them got drunk, and there was a sort of free fight, which was started by the third and fourth mates. Pandemonium reigned for a time, and finally 27 of them were sent to Rockhampton under arrest, and sentenced t0 Brisbane gaol till the Bee- japore sailed from Brisbane on her re- turn voyage. There was an immense crowd on the Rockhampton wharf to see them off, every two men being hand- cuffed together. In the crowd, in spite of the armed police, two of the men slipped away in irons, got off to the bush, and so escaped. All the others were sent on the ship bound for Callao, Peru, for a cargo of guano. On the voyage the Beejapore was lost, but whether she was burnt, or foundered I am not quite sure, for I heard both stories. She was in charge of Captain McMillan, the obliging chief officer on the voyage out. IN OUR NEW HOME. With the passengers by the Beeja- pore safely landed in sunny Queensland the voyage is at an end, but I would like to add a few lines about some of these old shipmates of long ago. In recalling those early days one can- not fail to be impressed with the earnest desire that nearly all had to be at work. As stated the unmarried went off quickly, but married men with families were not in such demand. I should have stated that after a short delay, the Beejapore departed from Keppel Bay for Brisbane, and the re- maining passengers were distributed over that section of the State. Those from Rockhampton were soon scattered over the inhabited parts of Central Queensland, either at, or look- ing for, work on the scattered stations. Many of those men suffered great hard- ships from various causes, and four of them lost their lives from thirst. There was no Clermont at that time, only Winton and Veale's Hotel and store occupying the site near the lagoon. The township was at Copperfield, the headquarters of the Copper Mining Com- pany. From there five Beejaporeans, all I think married, started for Wolfang Station, looking for work. The so-called road was a very indistinct track. Suf- fering from thirst four of them went off the road looking for water, and quickly got bushed. They found no water, and of course were in a horrible state till death relieved them of their suffering. The fifth man, who was walking ahead, followed the track, and got to the sta- tion. When it was found the other four did not arrive it was decided they had got lost, and men went out to search. The poor fellows were all found dead, though water was within half-a-mile. The Tipperary landowner's son, who had a big draft (said to be for £1000) awaiting him in Brisbane, got the money and spent it in a right royal style, and later got a job in the yard of the hotel where he distributed most of his cash, A few of the men who got employ- ment saved almost every shilling till they had enough to pay their passage back, or to a southern State. Two young men, friends of the writer, who had been policemen in the Exhibition of 1862, named Thomas Brown and Charles Smith, each over 6 ft. tall, and strong athletic fellows, went straight to Copperfield, and took a contract for cutting firewood (iron- bark), at so much per cord. They were soon earning £1 per day each, working eight or nine hours during six days. In April or May, 1866, they decided to go home again or to New Zealand, leaving Clermont with a few hun- had just been opened by Brady, Feeley, and party, and a huge rush set in. Brown and Smith went out, took up a claim on the flat, worked it out in a few months, and cleared not less than dreds of pounds each. Crocidile Creek £500 per man, the claim being one of the best on the flat. When the writer went to Crocodile in September, they had just left a few days, with probably nearly a £1000 each, made in about three years, and made by hard work, sobriety, and avoiding wastefulness. Probably thc greatest success of all was achieved by John Deane, a young Irishman in thc next berth to the wri- ter. He was one of the early ones at Ravenswood and Charters Towers, had shares in good claims, and also crush- ing machines, and fairly coined money. He was a member of Parliament for Townsville for years, and resigned in favour of John Murtagh Macrossan, father of Judge Macrossan. John Deane was then called to the Upper House, and took up pastoral pursuits at Sellheim Station. Of those in Rockhampton, I first re- call Mr. George Bramble, then a bright faced little lad in care of his father and mother. He has remained faithful to the city ever since, and in the com-- forts of married life, he has made a greater success of his existence than many of his shipmates, not to mention banking accounts. There were a good number who took up selections not far from town, and if they are dead themselves have left comfortable homes to their children. Mr. and Mrs Dempsey who acquired properties in the neighbourhood of Duaringa and elsewhere, all made a suc- cess of their lives, some of them mak- ing considerable fortunes. Mr. J. S. Cullinane, first a carrier to Peak Downs, and subsequently a suc- cessful merchant at Gympie and Bunda- berg, made, a handsome fortune. Mr. and Mrs. Brennan with a large family of young daughters, one of whom, if I mistake, not married a Mr. McCormack, and is the mother of ex- Premier, William McCormack. Another married Mr. J. E. Kellaway, and was the mother of the large family so well known in Rockhampton. Mr. and Mrs. William Brady and family, so well and favourably known as selectors at Gracemere, were ener- getic people. There were also the O'Dwyers, Campions, Swindells and family, and others whose names I have forgotten, at Crocodile and that neigh- bourhood. I must not forget David Lawrie, a man of splendid physique, a regular "Rob Roy" of a man, who in his days of blindness found a loving niece in that world-known philanthropist, Mrs. Wheeler. Mrs. Charles Dallon was likewise a shipmate, and many other fine girls who married husbands who attained good positions in life. Also Joe Molloy, who had a fine business at North Rockhamp- ton. A few names will be recalled by hun- dreds of people, and included James McKean, Robert. Sumner, Edward Jones (father of G. B. Jones, Victor Jones, and Mrs. Hugh Walker), Con Hourigan and two brothers, John Bracewell (father of' Mr. J. Bracewell, Police Magistrate), David Armstrong, Chippen- dale and several sons., Thomas Shipman, Seth Boon, Carl Ischer, Mr. and Mrs. Westhead and family and others. Dr. Belinfante went to New South Wales and made an unenviable reputa- tion. 