AUSTRALIA AND ITS FUTURE i (To the Editor.) Sir,—The more one looks into the financial position of the country the more confused one becomes as to what the end is to be. When Dr. Earle Page took over the treasurersliip in the Federal Government he was going to create a sinking fund to lessen our debt, but what do Ave find? Instead of decreasing our debt it has within the last five years increased to such an ex tent. that the interest has increased £4,000,000. A great deal of this money has been spent on the capital city, Canberra, a waste of money the country could have very well done without^ This lavish expenditure business could have been con ducted very well in M el bourne One can see plainly that the hearts." ■ of the politicians are not in Canberra, for as soon as the session closes there is a rush to get back to the nietropiis - Let 'us look into the future and see is there any, remedy to put Australia on a better footing. Some advocate flooding Australia with immigrants. 1 am not in favour of it. There is very little work for the working class. A good deal of the cause is that strikes are far too prevalent. Because men eannot get all their own way they go on. strike. A man who invests his. capital in a business does not have a say as to whom he shall employ^ A business must pay its way or the owner cannot continue to run it. The cry is "settle the people on the land." As one who has a life long experience 011 the land 1 say it is a heart breaking job. A man may have hundreds of pounds of money, and in five years time it is all gone through bad seasons. A Danish farmer paid Australia a visit a short time, ago in search of land for his countrymen. -Two • hundred families were eager to immigrate. On his return journey home his advice to his friends was not to go to Australia, but to go to Canada. . Ho said tlxe seasons in Australia were too adverse^ and Australia was a good place to lose money. ' In conclusion, I would tell my countrymen, battle along the best you can. l)o not expect much improvement^ Living will have to Be changed. The commodities of life are "a great deal too dear. Wheat is very plentiful, why, then, is bread not cheaper? Sugar is also grown in Australia, and should be sold at about fourpence a lb. Butter is produced here and should be sold at about Is 6d. All the year round potatoes can be grown pro fitably at £10 per ton. Kents of houses are far too high. If a man gets 7 or 8 per cent for his outlay, he should be satisfied. Let the motto be "Live and let live/' and if we carry out that motto I do not say the millenium will come, but it will pave the way for its coming.— -Yours, etc., 0\. MAKTLN. East Lismore. 