GENERAL INFORMATION. Ovaries and Suggestions. Recipes, advice and information on mat ters connected with household manage ment, or any subjects of interest to women, will be published in these col umns on receipt of mailed inquiries, which' must be addressed to 'Ixia,' 'The West Australian' office, Perth. Royal Show Entries. 'Pieeon Fancier' (Victoria Park) asks for information about entering pigeons for the-Centenary Royal Show. ; The schedule of prizes, obtainable on ap ilication to secretary, Royal Agricultural Society, Queen's Buildings, Murray-street. Perth, contains 30 fancy classes, 8 homing :lasses,.«7 utility classes. 3 'any other va riety' classes, and. 1 selling class. The fee :or each-entry is l/,«arid entries close Sep :ember'12-late entries (double fees), Sep :ember ]fi. ' ' ' Dreams. 'Misjs E.' (Perth) details some strange dreams she has had recently and seeks their meaning. Dreaming, both in children and adults, must be regarded from a lnedi 2al point of view as a form rf partial insomnia, and if persis tent shows that the brain is not getting proper rest,_ the brain acting in disordered fashion while asleep, and the condition should be treated on the same lines as definite; insomnia or sleeplessness. A little ight literature should 'be read for half an hour or so before retiring. A warm bath, Dr hot drinks of a very simple nature, such as hot' water, or hot milk, will also lelp to produce sound, refreshing sleep. Late suppers should be avoided and no rich, indigestible food eaten prior to retir ing. In regard to the meaning of dreams. I would not advise anyone to worry about interpretations. The following supposed meanings, taken from a 'dream book' for some of the dreams indicated, may be of interest: — Death denotes a -wealthy mar riage or business partnership; to be among friends denotes union, to laugh with them, quarrels; theatres,* changes of heart and residence; gardens, joy and enlarged for tune; glass, sickness; paper, good; men fighting, sorrow: fair hair, riches and power. Molybdenite. 'Inquirer' (Beverley) asks what is molybdenite and what is it used for. Molybdenite is one of the prinicipal ores of the metallic element, molybdenum. It is a- sulphide containing 59 -per cent. Mo and 41 per cent, sulphur, found in granite, gneiss, mica slate, and allied rocks, and. m granular limestone. Molvbdenum sul phide anpears to have., been 'first recognis ed in 1--8 by C.:,Schcele; and was first isolated by the Danish chemist P. J. Hjelm in 1782. -.It is^.in considerable demand for use in the preparation of alloy tool steel, either in the form of nearly pure -metal or as ferro-molybdenum. this* latter prepara tion containing from 50 ner cent to 85 per cent, of Mo and from 50 per cent, to 10 percent* or iron, with traces of silicon, phosphorus: and sulphur. The alloy is made in the electric furnace. OkMtatftn Origin. 'Literature' (Maylands) asks by whou and in .what circumstances. 'The end justifies the means' was written. In 'Proverbs and Maxims,' by Robert Christy, this saying is given as 'The End m'»t justify the means,' by Prior. (Pro bably Matthew Prior, 106M72U English poet, prose writer, and diplomat, and fel low of St. John's College, Cambridge famous for his epigrams. He was a' friend, of Bolingbroke, Gay,' Swifts and A™1.1*!1.11?*' and spent; the greater part of bis. life in the diplomatic service, at The Hague and in Paris). ;' ? Haefcev CImIk. Beginner'; is advised that on receipt of a stamped ^ addressed envelope a. list of hockey clubs: can. be forwarded. ..??' Native Names. 'M.R.' asks for the meaning of 'Cota- bena, 'Moralana' (names of big sta tions in northern part of South Aus tralia},, also Mucbea. Mogumber and *? Chandala. : Perhaps some reader could supply this, information. The Lancers. 'Dancer to Be' (East Fremantle) is in formed that her request for the figures ot the lancers' was received too late for reply on the date mentioned. This in-.; formation, lias been 'given : frequently in these columns. A cutting can be supplied, if still required, on receipt of a stamped addressed envelope, if query is repeated. Cauliflower Disease. 'Cauliflower' (Pingelly) seeks informa tion about a disease which has attack ed a bed of cauliflowers, causing leaves of well- grown plants to curl and go . thick, then turn browii as thou-h scorched by fire. An expert suggests that the trouble is due to 'club root.' The cauliflowers must be rooted out, a good dressing of lime ftiven to the soil, arid other crops grown tor at least twelve month before attempt is made to. grow cauliflowers or cabbages in land where this disease has -been. Tramway Emiiovment. V.O.D. (Calingirr) asks where appli cation 6liould be made for employment in the tramways as a labourer in the sheds, and if there is any age limit: Application should be made to the cen tral office of the Tramways and Electricity Supply. 514 Hay-street, Perth. There is no definite age limit for a labouring posi tion, but the applicant should be over 21 and is^not likelv to be considered if over 50\. If apprenticeship is required, the ap plicant must be under 17 years of age. Perth Pablie Library. 'Searcher' (Perth) asks for the chief regulations of the Perth Public Lib rary, if it is open to anyone and -what is* the range of its literature. The library is open to all persons over the age of fifteen years. The . general rules are posted at the library for the ben* _fit or readers. Available literature includes the. principal newspapers of the world,, a comprehensive reference library taking iu all brandies of literature, art, science, eu gineering and languages.. . Easter. 'A Reader'-' asks on what date Easter falls in 1030. . Good Friday will-fall on April 18, in 1930. Huff Patienee. 'Strelly' (Busselton) asks if any reader could supply the rules of 'Huff' Patience. T.A. (Fremantle) seeks a' reason for canaries scratching themselves, and tlte death of one, which when ex amined 'had tick or something.' Red mite may be the trouble, though this is unusual at this time of year. It would be advisable to put a small piece of white cloth round, the perch at night and examine this closely in the, mom mp. If the trouble is red mite, the insects will be seen in the folds of the cloth. Give the cages a thorough boiling if possible. If too large for this, treat thoroughly with kerosene, particularly crevices, joints in woodwork, etc. Wrong feeding may per haps be the cause of skin irritation. Tho seed given may contain too much hemp, which- is apt to be too heating for caged birds. Worms in Gats. , 'P-A.' asks how to treat a cat which has worms. Areca nut has been tried, but found too severe. The_ round worm has been known in some instances to choke a cat through get ting into the air passages. Treatment It similar to that for flogs. First of all starve for 24 hours. Then in the case of round worms give half a grain of santonin mixed with half a grain of calomel. For tape worms administer one grain of areca nut for every pound the cat weighs, to be followed by a dose of enstor oil. Careers for. Women. 'Oue Who Wants to do Public Work' (Kondinin) asks what scope there is in public life fop a young woman be sides becoming a member of the wo men police or a nurse. Certain departmental positions are open to women in connection with Government child welfare work. For most of them nurs ing training is necessary. In view of the community importance of education, thp teaching profession is suggested as a form of public work. There are openings for voluntary public workers in connection with the activities of many women's or ganisations, particularly the Wo men's Immigration Auxiliary Council, Economies. 'Reader ' (Xoggerup) asks if there is any course in economics id Perth, and if secondhand books on this subject are obtainable or procurabie from a leud ing library at reasonable cost. Subjects for evening adult education classes held , at the University- include eco nomics. All information concerning these classes may be obtained by direct inquiry at the University office. Irwin- street. Perth. Tt is possible that secondhand books on economics could' be obtained at secondhand bookshops, but personal search would be necessary. There i« a gooc range of books on economics in the lend ing library at Perth Literary Institute. Special terms for country subscribers, viz., 12/6 a quarter for two books, and all ex penses paid, including freight both ways. Further particulars would be supplied by tha secretary on application. A Students' Song. 'H.H.W.' (Mt. Hawthorn) asks if any reader could supply her with a copy of the song beginning 'Adam was a gardener and Eve a gardeneress.' which she thinks is a Melbourne University song. Wages. ''Mother' (Subiaco) is informed_ that the amount of wages paid to a domestic worker is a matter for individual mutual arrange ment. For a young girl's assistance in light housework, etc.. 15/ a week and board is suggested. Free Hospital Treatment. ''Anxious''*. (Rockinghaiu) asks if the scheme of paying 6d. a week and ob taining free treatment in case of sick ness at Perth Hospital is still in opera tion. Yes. Full particulars are obtainable from the secretary of the Perth Hospital, on application. Rin-tin-tin. 'Miss R.' (Wooroloo) asks for the his tory of Rin:tin-tin. the dog which has appeared in moving pictures, and if he was taken from Germany to America during the war. Perhaps some reader could supply some information about this popular dog. which died recently, according to a cabled re port. Picture Frame Renovation. ??Patience' asks if there is any place where small picture frames made of cardboard and padded with silk, could be renovated. This work could be probably be under taken by some of the workers at the Women's Arts and Crafts Club, 623 Hay street, Perth. Examination Book Wanted. 'Miss J.' (Darlington) asks if any reader could lend or sell her a copy of 'Lc Bour geois Gentilhomme,' by Moliere. The book, is wanted for examination purposes, and 'Miss J.' states that it is not pro curable in Perth in the ordinary way. If lent, the book would be required until Sep tember, and great care would be taken of it. Duplicate Transfer Copy. 'Hope' (York) asks how to make a duplicate transfer copy and how to transfer from a piece of worked em broidery. Transfers may be duplicated by laying them beneath a sheet of greaseproof paper and going- over the outlines which _ will be distinct enough to trace. Ordinary' white paper may be used with a sheet of carbon face down beneath the transfer. Place all on a hard surface and lightly but firmly go over outlines with a stylo or something not too sharp. A lead pencil with not too sharp a point is recommended. The marks made by it on a used trausfer will not matter and will serve as a guide to shJw which parts of the design have been traced. A simple way of copyiug the pattern of a piece of worked embroider}' is to lay a piece of paDer (greaseproof is recommended) on the ironing sheet, and press the finished piece from the back with a damp cloth and hot iron. A perfect impress of the design should result. This can then be lightly outlined in Indian ink or pencil, aud re-traced on to the material to be embroidered by means of carbon paper, (almost worn-out pieces are better than new carbon, which usually marks too heavily and soils' the thread and work generally). It should be possible to press the design straight away on to the ma terial to be embroidered and mark the out line direct on that with pencil or in the case of a coloured fabric, with a fine brush and a little Chinese white thinned with water. Wooroloo Sanatorium. ?'Xurse' (Busselton) asks for the age at which probationer nurses are accepted for training at Wooroolco Sanatorium. Einhteen years. To Tan Brush Skins. 'S.W.^asks how to tan brush skins with a brine made of alunrand coarse salt. Dissolve lib. alum and ^lb. salt in 2 gallons water. Dissolve loz. (no more) ot soda in a Dint of water, and add to first solution. Stir well for 5 minutes. Soak the cleaned skins in the liquor for at least one week. Wash then in cold water aud ban;? the skills up to drain until damp, but not wet. Then nail them on a boanl. stretching oijt as- flat as possible. Leave a. week after quite dry. Soften skins by pulling them over a blunt edged tool ana rubbing with nuihice stone. Another me thod of tanning with salt and alum is as follows:— Crush to a powder lib. of alunt an«l well mix it with i\b. coarse salt. Ap ply about 4oz. to the fleshy side of skin (if skin is dry damp it until soft). I'okl flesh to .flesh and leave for four days. Then peg out' to dry; damp with a cloth until supple; lay on a board, and with, a piece' of rough sandpaper, or better still, pumice stone, ' remove all rough pieces and the tipper skin. The skin should be white and soft after about five- minutes' treatment. Use a sharp knife for cutting or trimming skin. ' Scissors .or shears would spoil the fur.' 