A DANE LOOKS AT AUSTRALIA Most visitors to Australia see very little of it. Not so Mr. Peter Hansen, a dairy expert from Denmark, who during the last two years has travelled 70,000 miles by motor through this Commonwealth. His journeyings have been judiciously distributed — east, west, north and south— and he. has sampled wide swathes of our agricultural and pastoral country. He haB viewed it, primarily, as to its suitability for Danish settlement, and his verdict is, 'I am most certainly convinced that for any man to come out to Australia with a few hundred pounds to engage in agri culture is taking a very big risk. I am going to convey that considered verdict to the Danish Government.' The opinion of this much-travelled and highly expert observer will surprise many Australians, and more especially those who believe in indiscriminate immigration regardless of whether the migrants can get land or employment. But Mr. Hansen's verdict can be easily understood. He speaks as a Dane accustomed to Danish land. There is not much of that kind of land, in that kind of climate, and profitably access ible to market and transport, in Aus tralia. He speaks, also, as a Dane; therefore a Nordic. But nearly half Australia lies actually within the tropics ; a vast area is, in addition, sub ject to sub-tropical conditions. Nordic migration into such climatic conditions has never been permanently successful. In Europe, during historic times, jnil lior.s of Nordics have pushed south, sometimes as far as Northern Africa. Where are those NordicB now? There ie really no biological reason to sup pose that the same experiment could succeed in Australia, which, largely, is much hotter and drier than southern Europe. Australia certainly has regions where the Nordics should survive, but, com paratively speaking, those areas are not large, are mainly mountainous, and arc heavily timbered. It is not at all surprising that Mr. Hansen should pre fer, for his people, the wider areas of such land to be found in Canada. The Briton, and the Australian,- are partly Nordic and partly Mediterranean, and can, therefore, settle anywhere in Aus tralia. As the years go by, the types adapted to tropical, sub-tropical, or more temperate conditions, will gradu ally segregate themselves according to their suitability to the different tem peratures, climates, soils, and economic conditions of the continent. The Aus tralian race and nation of the future will, in fact, be moulded by the natural conditions of this continent — it is a question of evolution. 