festions were, unhappily, not those of genuine humility. Behind and pervading them was the worst of his spiritual dangers—pride—the pride that sets itself up as judge of all things and will not abandon an opinion once formed. At times he himself saw and lamented that this so. Already in 1514 he had written: "Pride is the source of all heresies"; and, again: "All the heretics fei' through inordinate love of their ov.-n ideas." It was a sad forecast of his own career. Meantime, instead of throwing himself on God, he threw himself more and more on outward activities. In 1516—his 33rd year—he wrote to a fdlow-Augustinian:— j need two secretaries. I do practically nothing- all day long but-write i Liters. I am preacher of the convent a;-d in the refectory; I am called constantly to preach in the parish; I am prefect of • studies and vicar of the di -trict, and thereby* elevenfold' Prior; ] iim responsible for the fish-ponds at Scitzkau; I am agent in the Jaw suit of the monks at Herzberg; I am lector in St. Paul's; I am collecting notes on tiiri Psalms; I rarely have time to recite i.,y office or say Mass. Already in 1508 lie had been appointed to lecture on philosophy, and already he was being advised, as we have said, to make special studies with a view to lecturing on the Holy Scriptures. The Falsehood About the Bible. Let us dwell a little on this latter simple historical fact. There has been bruited about the world for 400 years, chronicled in prose and verse, in marble and in paint, an impressive tale that Luther discovered the Bible, iiad found amid the dusty scholastic tomes of the Erlurt. library a copy of that Divine Word which his superiors had so far been keeping out of his reach, and which indeed the Catholic Church had for a thousand years been keeping out of everybody's reach. This fable has long ago begun to lose colour—to fade off, as fables will ultimately fade off; but it really de serves to be held in remembrance as one of the most glaring falsehoods that have ever imposed upon generations of civilised peoples. What were the facts? In brief—as regards Luther himself, it was, to begin with, his duty to read tor an hour every day in his breviary, which is little else than a compendium of passages from the Holy Scriptures: secondly, a complete Bible—a very expensive thing in those days—was placed in his hands (as he tells us himself) when he began his theological course; thirdly, the rules of his Order enjoined on every member in so many words, "assiduous reading, devout hearing, and industrious study of the Holy Scriptures"; fourthly, he himself, though a mere fledgling, was already designated and prepared to lecture on the Scriptures. As to the Church and the world in general, let it suffice here to say that during the fifty years or so between the invention of printing and the year 1500 (Luther's 17'th year) there had been printed more than 50 editions of the Epistles and Gospels, with explanations, in various German dialects. The whole Bible had been published in Latin nearly a hundred times. There existed fifteen complete editions in High German and five in various German dialects. In a satirical poem of 1494 (Brandt's 'iShip of Fools") the author remarks that the whole country was full of Bibles and of other religious books. The spiritual books of the period, such as "The Imitation of Christ," exhort everyone to frequent devout reading of the Bible; the preachers spoke in the same sense. These were the facts; to whom, then, do we owe the ridiculous fable? In the first instance, it was to Luther himself, who, in his later years, giving way to wild imaginations, became reckless as to truth and falsehood. To give but one example, taken from the "Table-Talk": "It.shows the singular and horrible blindness of the Papists," that "thirty years ago nobody read the Bible and it was unknown to everyone." Was Luther "Possessed:"? This affords us, incidentally, a specimen of the reckless spirit of calumny that became increasingly characteristic of his talk and his writings. Nor was this the only respect' in which bad became worse. As time went on bodily disease, fierce temptations, evil conscience, loss of confidence in God growth of pride and self-will, all played their part in producing a furious immoderation of speech and action, an obsession of unclean images and language, that give us, as the writer in "The Times" said, the impression rather of a bestial maniac than of a great heresiarch." We will not go into the subject of the diseases from which Luther probably or certainly suffered. He is eloquent himself on some of them; there is distinct medical evidence regarding one other, which is usually, though not necessarily, associated with an immoral life. His enemies loudly attributed his disorders to his irregular and vicious habits, but they have not brought sufficient evidence to substantiate their charges. He indulged at times in fierce bouts of eating and drinking, but he was not an habit.ua! drunkard or glutton, and he could be at times extremely abstemious. His own way of accounting for all his ills was a simple one, it was characteristic of his time and still more characteristic of himself, he ascribed them all to the direct action of the devil. No man of importance in the history of the world ever had his mind so obsessed by the devil as Luther. In his accounts of himself, in his sermons and exhortations, in his friendly letters, and in his invectives and polemics, the devil occurs, one may say, at every fourth or fifth line. We Catholics believe m the existence and activity of evil spirits with a firmness and definitjness that has grown almost extinct among the modern heirs of Luther, but the perpetual vision and horror of Satan that ran as a black thread through Luther's life will seem as pitiable and un-Christian to a Catholic as it will seem superstitious and childish to a man of science. Superstition was the very atmosphere of Luther's .life—an irrational and ignorant superstition which the old women of his own day can hardly have surpassed. Not to dwell on his own often-related meetings and encounters with the devil, which may have had some foundation in reality, he tells us hair-raising tales of incubi and succubi, and of the monstrous progeny of these unions, of magic philtres and love- potions, of hobgoblins in the mines and phantom stags and boars in the hunting-field; how men and women have been hurled through the air by demons; how his own mother had been bewitched; how eggs, milk and butter can be bewitched; how dangerous it is to, bathe in certain rivers because of the malignant spirits that haunt them; how the devil dwells in monkeys and sea- cats (whatever these may be); and so on. He also gives remedies and preventives against witchcraft, • some of which are too disgusting to be quoted. But there is one remedy that he approves of, which the world has heard a great deal about. This is to burn or drown witches and wizards. "Witches," he writes, "ought to be shown no mercy. I would burn them myself." It was with a' kind of poetic justice —to say the least of it—that some of Luther's contemporaries took at their face value some of the utterances of his disordered and superstitious mind and declared that he really was pos • sessed by demons. Even if one is inclined to rule out a priori the acceptance of any such view, yet undoubtedly the fact that numerous, various and respectable contemporaries held it throws a light on the man which deserves our attention. First, we have the evidence of Luther's brother-monks at Erfurt. His behaviour on certain occasions was so strange that some concluded-it was due to epilepsy, others to diabolical " possession. The strangest incident was this: The Gospel of a certain day being read aloud, when the reader came to the words: "Jesus was casting out a devil, and it was dumb," Luther fell down flat on the ground, writhed about in paroxysms, and cried out aloud :\'It is not I, it is not I." Emser, a writer of the time hostile to Luther, but well acquainted with him, declared: "Luther was possessed by an evil spirit from his youth upward, and this was well known in the monastery where he made his profession;" One may well ask: "If this were so, why did they profess him?" Yet, behold, the charge is reinforced by an Augustinian prior of that time, ho also knew Luther well. He wrote f him shortly after he had blazed ut as a ""reformer":—" We must regard It as a sure sign f demoniacal possession, that Luther hould thus persistently enjoin on reachers as a duty to go on cursing nd denouncing from the pulpit, while he himself sees and bewails the fact t t a a that contempt for religion, godlessness and all. vices are steadily gaining ground in Germany. What can we expect the unfortunate young people to learn from such abuse and reviling in the churches? The highly-respected Abbot of Altzelle wrote in 1534:— This is no mere mistaken man, but the wicked devil himself, to whom no lying or deception is too much. • An anonymous work of 1524, while quite generdus in appraising Luther's learning and ability, yet declares that, far from bJeing a Christian, he is "possessed by a brood of devils." Yet another contemporary, the Franciscan Schatzgeyer, generally a very mild writer, speaks of Luther's diatribe against monastic vows as the work "either of a drunken man or of one possessed." Not only his writings, but also personal contact with him impressed several persons with similar opinions. • An annalist of the period, Kilian Leib, tells of the impression made by Luther's behaviour at the Diet of Worms. "He displayed," he says, "such pride in his manner and conduct that we seemed to have before us the image of the enemy of mankind." Alexander, the Papal Nuncio at the same Diet, reported that some regarded Luther as mad, others as possessed, others testified that at his first appearance before the assembly he had gazed about him "with the eyes of a demon." Later on, another Papal Nuncio, Mgr. Vergerio, reported that Luther's strange looks and behaviour reminded him strongly of persons he had seen who were believed to be diabolically possessed. His eyes (he says) were restless and uncanny, ready to flash with rage and fury. "Whether he be possessed or not." continues the Nuncio, "in his behaviour he is the personification of presumption, malice and indiscretion." But these men, it will be said, were merely the terrified adherents of oldfashioned mediaeval ideas. But no such person—rather the very opposite —was Erasmus. At first strongly inclined to sympathise with Luther's critical and destructive spirit, this notable scholar was increasingly repelled by Luther's increasing violence and brutality. "Rather, than credit his calumnies,'' Erasmus declares, "one would rather say that he was steeped in vengefulness, mentally deranged, or possessed by some ievil genius." Madness or drunkenness are also suggested many times bv .Erasmus as the explanation of Luther's ravings. But we have yet to quote from actual adherents of Luther. Willibald Pirkheimer, the pioneer of the "reform" m \--mberg, was afterwards driven to declare: "With his insolent and defiant tongue he seems to have gone quite mad or to be agitated by some wicked demon." Bullinger, who started Protestantism in Zurich in 1531, and never abandoned that cause, wrote in 1544 concerning a tract of Luther's: "Although he f Luther] had previously written much that was illogical, outrageous and even blasphemous, yet he outdoes himself in the shameful, wanton and insulting words he uses in this booklet. He bursts for very devils within him and behaves like a man possessed."* Make what allowance you will for hostility and abusiveness in this mass of utterances, yet what a conception they give us ciif the self-appointed evangelist and herald of Christ who could have produced such impressions on all sorts of men? Can anyone imagine one of Our . Lord's own Apostles making such an impression? Do we not recall the blessed Stephen, put on trial for his life before a council more bitterly hostile to him than that of Worms was to Luther, and how "those who sat in the council saw his face as it were the face of an angel"? Or we may have heard of the testimonies given in Luther's own century even by Luther's own followers to the Christ-like gentleness and urbanity of Canisius and Bellarmine. Or we may recall from the following generation the gracious figure of the Saint of Geneva—"him, the sweet Sales," as Francis Thompson wrote, Of whom we scarcely ken How God he could love more,- lie so loved men. And here it may be well to anticiate a rejoinder to the general drift f what I have been saying. The reoinder is: "You are insisting; on uther's personal vices in order to detroy his character as a religious eader. _ Are you forgetting that all his may be retorted., on you as a atholic? Are you forgetting the peronal vices of Popes and Bishops? hat about Alexander "the Sixth and ohn the Twelfth and other churchen of whom we hear horrible tales?" I-»et us remark in passing that all hese utterances dispose of-the contenion that Luther's outrageous violence nd scurrility of language was merely common characteristic of the times. Admitting the facts concerning all the incriminated people — facts often doubtful—there is a complete and even a twofold answer to this objection. In the first place, these men stood out as exceptions amid long lines of good and worthy prelates, sometimes rising to heroic sanctity, but usually involved in that obscurity that belongs to the merely good. These people went through a lifetime of duty, e"ot high places in heaven, and were quite forgotten on earth; while the exceptional wickedness of one among a thousand has got trumpeted abroad for ages. In the next place, these unworthy Popes and Bishops d.d not found new religions, did not pose as reformers, did not set up new dogmas and new moralities to suit their own consciences. No; even the worst of them "kept the deposit," as Paul admonished Timothy to do; they handed on incorrupted the immemorial Catholic teaching on faith and morals. That is where they differ from Luther. He comes before us as a revolutionary—as an assailant of established Christianity; it is as such we have to examine his credentials. Scorn of All Christian Tradition. It was in the midst, then, of violent internal storms, obsessions and (as some said) possessions, that Luther developed his new theology; and it was as a result of these. His soul was tossed hither and thither by a sense of the devil's might, by fear of God's offended justice; by carnal and other temptations. These temptations he came to regard—by a deadly error— as sins, and—in the same proportion— to regard attempts at good works as vain or mere snares. "Unhappy man that I am, who will deliver me from the body of this death?'' he cried out with St. Paul; but he refused to learn from St. Paul to fight his temptations with the spiritual weapons supplied by Christ and the Church: by the means of grace, "by the armour of justice on the right hand and on the left," subduing the flesh and exalting the spirit. He read St. Augustine, but would not learn j from that great penitent how "man's life on earth js a perpetual warfare, on which Christ looks on, helping, man to conquer, raising him up when he fails, and crowning him when he overcomes." No; from a text or two of Paul and a text or two of Augustine, all badly misunderstood, he drew and gradually elaborated, for the relief of his (tormented conscience, notions that were, instead of a remedy, in reality' a deadly poison. He developed his doctrines that man's efforts are useless, that all his actions are sinful, that he is to lay hold of Christ and Christ's merits by a faith which Luther never either understood clearly or explained consistently, and that Christ forthwith atones and merits for man without man's co-operation. As the popular Protestant hymn puts it:— Nothing in my hand I bring. Simply to Th.v cross I cling. •—while I cling at the same time to deliberate and mortal sin. Yes; for in Luther's theology all sins are mortal, and man is always and inevitably sinning. To attempt meritorious, good works is merely to tempt oneself to pride. Let a man sin strongly, but also believe still more strongly,, and all will be well. Of contrition for sin he became, • or thought he had become, utterly incapable, and he has no good word to say for it. "Contrition," he declared, "only makes men hypocritical and more sinful." Of his remedies, his soothing syrups, for troubled consciences, we shall hear something more later on. This, then, was the horrible theology that Luther built up out of the burning marl of his own soul, not—let us insist on this—without hesitation, contradictions, obscurities; not without happy but. too brief deviations into better thoughts; but always with a proud intolerance of contradiction from others. Thus did he drive a huge cleft between morality, natural and supernatural, on the one hand, and religion and salvation on the other; thus did he decree a monstrous divorce between natural and supernatural ideals and aims; thus did he trample underfoot one of the noblest and deepest of human instincts—its trend to repent, at o " e t ' o seek and earn forgiveness; thus did he cry silence to that voice oJ conscience of which even .pagans like Aeschylus have written'in language of impassioned reverence. (To be concluded next week.) The following nurses from St. Vincent's Hospital were successful in the recent general examination held b}' the Nurses Board:—Catherine C. Connellan, Pauleen M. Crone, Mary G. Dunbar. Mary L. Harvie, Evelyn M. P. Murrav, Hilda V." McGrath/"Jeati T. Waite." Sir William Tyrrell, who has just been created a baron, comes of an old English Catholic family. Born in 1866, he was educated at Oxford, and then entered the diplomatic service, where he has had;-a distinguished record. Since 1928 Tie has been Ambassador at Paris., , . Cardinal Francis Ehrle, a Jesuit, who has been appointedto succeed the laie Cardinal Gasquet as Librarian of the Vatican and Keeper of the Archives of the Holy Roman Church. Holland's two million or so of Catholics support over 300 Catholic periodicals in their own language. Among these are no less than thirty dailies. The centenary of the first Catholic daily in the Netherlands is being observed , this year. Although Catholic Emancipation was granted to Dutch Catholics in 1815, it was not until 1829 that the first daily, "De Noord-Brabander." or "North Brabanter," was established. It had been preceded (but not as a daily) by-a little Catholic paper called "The Friend of Religion," which a convert from Protestantism began to edit in 1818. * * * His Majesty the King has conferred knighthoods on four Australians. Mr. Justice Powers of the High Court becomes a Knight Commander of St. Michael and St. George. Dr. R. R. Stawejl, of ^Melbourne, becomes a. Knight Commander, Order of : the British Empire; and Professor Colin Mackenzie, the scientist, a Knight Bachelor. * * * Of these honoured gentlemen the most interesting to young Australians is Sir Colin Mackenzie, one of'the foremost authorities on Australian fauna. He gave to the Commonwealth iri sl9,2|3 v, collection $£^pe«aia|£rts of Australian fauna valued" at more than £i'<}0$00., . Hie is|to be^omMgy-ector of tlxevinijiVeuiw whicl^a^^fiwteepted at Canberra" at'a c#tj^£96,(l|p Sir .C.olii.i was^orn at jp^^e. ^ Fr. Seward, wlift has been doing dutv in Melbourne ^jr^ome^tyne, has beeh recalled to his own diocese m New Zealand, and leaycsJlUinediately. ••-••• * * : - ' The Vatican has dfe'cidek' idUrhvg 1 the present year to bea^y 2$ English people who were martyrs tor. the Faith, mostly during " the' Feign of iQufeen'Elizabeth. will be the largest Tjeatificafion ceremony in the history of the Church. \- Miss, Sara Byrne has returned from a visit to her brother, Mr. J. K. Byrne, of Bendigo. * * * Fr". Leeson, of Mentone, is returning to hi"s ."diocese in South Africa to assume important parochial responsibilities. For a couple of years past Fr. Leeson has been assisting in the Melbourne diocese. He leaves Australia at the end of June. ' We have just received news that the Very Rev. E. Gleeson has been appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland, N.S.W. Maitland will be happy . in its new spirituaf "leader, and Fr. Gleeson deserves the congratulations of the. Catholic body. Fr. Gleeson is a member of. the Redemptorist Order of priests, and is now at Waratah Monastery, N.S.W. His new appointment carries the right of succession to the Right Rev. P. V. Dwyer, D.D., who succeeded to the Bishopric in 1909\. ;it is notable that Dr. Dwyer was the first Australian-born priest to become a Catholic bishop. * * * A sad drowning-fatality occurred on Friday, May 10, when Patrick Joseph Murphy, ot Hammond-road, Dandenong, was accidentally drowned in the course of his duty. Deceased was a native of Ardfinan, Co. Tipperary, Ireland, and aged 27 years. Since he came to Australia Jive years ago, he made many friends. Sincere and widespread sympathy is felt for his wife and two children, as aiso for his parents 4P Ireland. The. funeral took place on May 13- in the Dandenong Gtfneterv. • The graveside service was conductcd by Rev. Fr. Little, and attended by members of the I.N.F. * * * The verv many friends of Mr. Michael Charles Kinsella, of 420 Hargreaves-street, Bendigo, will regret to learn of his death. He died at his late residence on the morning of May 24. Deceased, who had been .ailing for some time, passed peacefully away, tortiticd with the rites of Our Holy Mother the Church. He and his brother, William Kinsella, Swho predeceased him bv : four "mon'tfis, had previously carried on a well- known business as coachbuilders: but recently they had lived in.retirement. The late Mr. Kinsella was born in Bendigo, where he spent all his life. The esteem in which he was held was manifested by the large attendance at the funeral in the Bendigo cemetery oil Saturday afternoon. The prayers at the. grave were read by the. Rev. Fr. O'Connor. To his widow and brother, Lawrence, much sympathy is extended. * * * The many Australians who knew the man and his reputation will learn with regret the death of Very Rev. Denis Canon Pettit, D.D.. V.F., late P.P. Fairview, Dublin. Canon Pettit was .77 years of age:". He received the bulk of his education :.in Rome. He was for a long time Chaplain to the late Most Rev. Dr. Walsh, Archbishop of Dublin. He was appointed parish priest at Fairview more than 23 years ago. and during his term there he effected many parochial improvements, such as additions to the .parish church and the parochial- schools, and improvements to the church grounds. Health.i reasons' forged hiiji to,-give up office a few years ago. A" skilled musician, Canon Pettit took a deep interest iji church m.usic.,-. There was ;i very large attendance of priests and laity at the Office and Solemn Requiem Mass a.t -the Church of the Visitation, Fairview, and the funeral which took place to Glasnevin Cemetery. The -celebrant of the Mass was Very Rev. J. Flanagan. P.P.: deacon, Rev. E. McSweeney, C.C., Westland Row; sub-deacon; Ryv, P. O'Keeffe, C.C., Crumlin; master of ceremonies, Rev. G. Henry, C.C., ' Fairview: chanters, Rev. M- Dwjjer, C.C., Haddington-road, and Rev. J. Doyle, G.C., Glasnevin. There was a very large attendance of priests in • the choir. * * * Hundreds of feet beneath the surface of a salt mine in the province of Cracow, once the capival of the Polish kingdom, stands one'tof the strangest places of worship in the world—a cathedral built of salfc* In this mine, where for centuries rrreff have laboured unceasingly hewing great blocks of salt from the. depths, instead of finding mere empty cavern's, and looking ijpon the popular conception . of ?what *a mine' mig^t be, you are stunned by . ggazing upon monuments of piety and shrines of loveliness. Here in the very bowels of the earth is beauty. Formerly this cathedral was a. -vvast^caveni, .-from which had been-hewn ^a- nyilion tons of rock salt: The construction of it is due to ,twb ; Miners/Dedicated to.a liferlong task b£th&.(lellpw-wqi^ers. These two years, transforming Witixfr &-Cafl»olic -•chapel/ smo6thtli&afecr;^a!)s, "rearing the altar and carving the sacred images. St. Augustine's Orphanage, Geelong, is one of the finest institutions of its kind in Australia/ and it has a record of great achievement under"the efficient management of the Christian Brothers. It is the practice of the orphanage authorities to give an annual recital by St. Augustine's Band, in Melbourne, and this is done not so much to make known the excellence of the band as to bring the institution prominently under the . notice of the Melbourne public. The orphanage merits generous Meluourn.e support, seeing that, a large percentage of the boys taken in hand »y the. brothers, and cared for very tenderly at Geelong, conies from Melbourne and suburbs. The annual recital took place in the Town Hall, Melbourne,. on Monday night, June 3, and was attended by a large and enthusiastic audience. Under the conductorship of Mr. Percy Jones, the eminent cornetist, St. Augustine's band played several selections from the works of Rossini, Weber, Mozart, Fletcher, and Berlioz, including "March of the Mannikins" and "The Barber of Seville.' It was a delightful performance, and reflected the highest credit on the conductor and boys. Master Basil Jones, a son of Air. Percy Jones,, showed considerable promise in his violin solo, "Legende" (Wieniawski), and was specially congratulated by his Grace the Archbishop. The supporting artists were Misses Maisie Ramsay and Cora O'Farrcll, and Messrs. James Riley and J. A. Browne, whose vocal numbers were much enjoyed. Mr. Reg. Brown was accompanist. Tlie arrangements for the conccrt were supervised by Mr. Richard Hughes and Miss Al. Byrne. Mr. R. Hughes said the concert was a success, and he desired to express heartfelt thanks to all concerned. Rev. Bro. Molloy. manager of St. Augustine's Orphanage, said he deeply appreciated the kindness of his Grace in attending the concert. The large gathering could be taken as a mark of public appreciation of the work of the orphanage. He was thankful to all who had assisted the institution during the year, and it was gratifying that the overdraft had been reduced considerably. (Applause.) His Grace the Archbishop said the Christian Brothers were doing a great work at the orphanage in Geelong, and they well merited generous public support. He would not like to take the obligations of the Brothers on his shoulders. The orphanage had many friends, and he was glad to hear that the overdraft had been reduccd. He trusted it would be wiped out by the time the next recital was held in .Melbourne. * * * The mission zeal of Holland sets an e.xample to the world. For every 200 'male Catholic students of Holland, there is one studying for the priesthood. For every 63 Catholics, there is one actually engaged as a missionary in a foreign land. At present, Holland is represented on the mission-fields by 1650 priests, 830 Brothers, and 1800 Sistfers. Although all Catholics of Holland form only one per cent, of the Church, it supplied ten per cent, of the missionaries. About 45 missionary societies draw from Holland priestly vocations for the missions; their seminaries have an enrolment of more than 4300. Seven congregations of Brothers and 36 of Sisters have foreign missions among their activities. Out of a total of 1220 parishes in Holland, 720 maintain a native seminarian by adoption. The number of missionaries sent out from Holland during the last five years increased from 3200 to 4200. On the completion of the reorganisation of the German Government on April 13, four out of its twelve Ministers were assigned to members of the Catholic parties. There are 110 less than eleven colours in the rainbow of political parties in the, Reichstag. Midway in the curve is the Centre Party, 'sixty-one strong, with their allies, the seventeen members of! the Catholic People's Party of tBav^ria. Together these seventy-eight Catholic members represent five million, votes cast for them at the last elections. Right Rev. Mgr. j. Byrne, parish priest of Ipswich, Queensland, hps been appointed Bishop of the newly created diocese of Toowoomba. The new Bishop was born in Ire- 1 laud, and after a distinguished course at All Hallows College, he came to Australia. After acting as assistant at various parishes iii .Brisbane, he was appointed Administrator of St. Stephen's Cathedral- . Pn the death of Fr. Horaii he became parish priest of Ipswich, and Vicar-General of the Archdiocese of Brisbane. The new diocese, which Will have Toowoomba .as its Cathedral city, has been cut off from the Archdiocese of Brisbane, Which up to the present had an area of 200,000 square miles. A very successful fortnight''» misto a sion at Newport was, brought close on last Sunday evening, The first week was for women, the" ior men. It was ably conduct. t'cond -<J by Frs. Lavery and McQuillan. < >f the Vincentian Fathers, and they W re assisted by the Rev. J. J.'.Cusack. According to recent figure:. the number of Catholics in Denmark now totals 25,000. They comprise 32 jjarishes, and are ministered to by 83 priests. The work of the clergy extends beyond parochial work ;0 educational and hospital duties, besides the clergy there are numerous Brothers and about 680 Sister--, who divide their energy between aching and hospital work in 17 hospitals and several sanatoria and homes for children. Catholic education is well established in ' the kingdom. Tlioe are three academies 'for girls and 0ne college for men, all entitled to confer State displomas. Two elements go to make up the Catholic population of the Denmark Apostolic Vicariate. These are the Danish Catholic converts and their descendants, who arc found mostly in the cities, ar.d also Polish immigrants settled upon Danish farms. The latter element has contributed in no small measure to the prestige of the Church, which now lias adherents throughout the country places. * • * On her return to England, Mrs. Napier, wife of Rear-Admiral Xajiier, will carry the good wishes of the Catholics of Melbourne. Since her arrival in Melbourne she has taken an active interest in all Catholic charities, and was particularly helpful to St. Vincent's Hospital in the establishment of auxiliaries. * * * The Very Rev. Frs. Pelletier and Graham, of the Blessed Sacrament Fathers, United States, have been the guests of the Archbishop for some days. Fr. Pelletier is the Superior of the Order in America, and is stationed in Chicago. Fr. Graham comes from New York. They both have formed most appreciative impressions of the advancement of Catholic affairs in -Melbourne, and voiced their admiration in the course of interesting addresses at Corpus Christi College on the occasion of the feast day. Oil Sunday last, 30,000 people were present at the Corpus Christi College procession at St. Patrick's College, Manly. Preceding the monstrance containing the Blessed Sacrament, carried by Coadjutor-Archbishop Sheehan, were 40 priests and students of the college. * * * Right Rev. Dr. Shine, who succeeds the late Dr. Lacey as Bishop of Middlesborough, England, was born m Tipperary, Ireland, in 1872. He was educated at . Rockwell College, St. Patrick's "College, Thurles, and was ordained in 1894. In 1921 he was appointed Coadjutor to Dr. Lacey. News comes from Brussels — that "little' Paris";—that 10,000 teachers have consecrated themselves to the Sacred Heart. This magnificent demonstration of faith" began with e procession through the city to the Church of Sainte Gudule; preceded by a large banner of the Sacred Hear;. Mass was celebrated at the church m the presence* of Cardinal Van Roey. and the Act of Consecration was read. It was stressed by the preacher on theoccasion that the teacher's mission was one of the - highest importance, and 'that--the external influence of the teacher upon his" pupils* depended on the intensity of hi6 own spiritual life. Mrs. Napier. 