NEWS IN BRIEF THEI FOIIRCAST A fine, cold, frosty, foggy night. Milder day temperatures. Smooth to moderate seas. Tasmania Deputation from A.W.N.L. meetd Chief Secretary. "The Weekly Courier" will be pub lished to-morrow. Two nurses added to staff of Spen cer Hospital, Wynyard. Recent Hospital Ball at St. Marys resulted in profit of £50. Customs returns at Launceston from July S to 13, £2305 Its Sd. The annual conference of fruit growers will be opened at Launceston on Friday. No leniency will be extended to growers this season who submit in. ferior fruit for export. Rex. Fisher, aged three years, re siding at. North ]-Iobart. reported to be missing fronl his home. The T.T.C. meet lug at Mowbray on Saturday is illustrated in this week's. issue of "The Weekly Courier." Details of programme for entertain ment at Hobart of oflicers and crew of New Zealand warships outlined. Three designs for new Perth bridge will be considered before it is decided what form the structure will take. An interesting page in this week's "Courier" contains another series of snapshots in the streets of Launces ton. lMinister for Agriculture informs poultry- keepers that provision made in estimates for Government egg.laying test. Mr. W. W. Briggs, M.A., gave a most interesting lecture yesterday at 50,000 League luncheon on "Australian Lit erature." A fine study of Miss Olga Baclanova, the Russian film star, in three colours, is an attractive page in this week's "Courier." The Northern Tasmanian Poultry, Pigeon, Canary, and Cage Bird Socie ty's first annual show is illustrated in this week's "Courier." An attractive feature of the pictorial section in this week's "Courier" is the reproduction of the Longford Football team in three colours. The match between tile North- West Coast and the Northern Tasmanian Football Association is pictorially fea tured in this week's "Courier.'* Interstate Tasmanian Brownell potatoes sold at £20 per ton on the Sydney mar ket. Publication of Important work, "The Australian Tariff: An Economic En quiry." Richard W. N. Ross (33), sentenc ed to six months' gaol as a prohibited immigrant. Steamer Junee still searching for missing Danish sllip Kobenhavn in tile Southern Oceanu Following the shooting of a boy at West Footscray, the police have ar rested a 16-year-old boy. A stoppage of coal tmines on the south coast of N.S.\V. in consequence of a dispute has been averted. Mr. John Gale, said to have been the oldest working journalist in Aus. tralia, died at Queanbeyan yesterday. It is unlikely that there will be fur ther additions to the staff of Sir Doug las Mawson's expedition to the An tarctic. Tenders for thie supply and instal lation of equipment. for a wireless telephony service between Tasmania and the malinland close at 3 p.m. to day. Overseas King Fuad, of Egypt, to visit Lon doll on Saturday. King's doctors explain reasons for decision to carry out minor operation to chest. Much interest in Britain in forth coming trading mission to South America. British Government reported to' be closely enquiring into cotton trade wages deadlock colnmission. French doctor tluring research work contracted terrible food poisoning dis ease, to whllich lie son succumbed.. French agriculturist quotes figures to show that British production per hectare is greater than the French. London "Morning Post" warns Gov ernment that Britain will lose Domi nions' trade if Imperial preference is abolished. Polish Atlantic fliers forced down near Island of Graciosa, and Major Idzlkowskil was killed. His companion was rescued. Sport Cressy footballers defeat Coogana' team. Campbell Town footballers defeat Oatlands. Russian in Italian car wins Irish Grand Prix. St. Marys footballers defeated Cul lenswood Rovers. Sidmouth wins football match against Bridgenorth. Acceptances for tile Geetong Club's meeting to-nlorrow declared. Germany defeated Great Britain in the Davis Cup European final. In badminton matchi at Cressy, the local team defeated Westbury. Exeter footballers defeat Rosevears. WV. C. Morris wins "Courier" Trophy at Scottsdale rule shoot. Policastro, winner of thie Towns ville Cult on Saturtday, an:l the owner, disqualified for a year. Winners at RIichnound yesterday in cluded:-l-Princess Wood, Datsywood. , IHuon Voyage, Alrcdo, and Judge Slam.. In ilte intcrstate w-oluen's hockey carnival at P'erthl (W.A\\.) yic.oria de feated N.S.W., and West Australia beat South Austrdlia. 