THE WILD REINDEER AND, ITS ENEMIES - THE WOLF AND FOX (By Henry Ette.) On the other hand, only the Great Ice, by Norwegian and English seal trappers, because the east coast of Greenland is one of the most difficult of the Arctic Countries to navigate, on account of the great ice — main pack — from the Arctic Ocean, which drifts along the side of it. The wolf, then, has followed the tracks of the musk ox. But, all the same, 10 years went by before the Swede, Professor Nathorst, brought home the first skin, and that he had bought from the skipper of the catch, the Norwegian "Ole Naes." He told me that one of his men was flr.ying a musk ox, when a great white animal, which was not a Polar Rear, pounced down on him, so that he had to shoot it with his rifle. Skipper Ole Naes. who for that mat ter was the first to sail through the great ice in a sailing cutter to hunt on land, sold this skin to Professor Nathorst for £10. This first wolf was shot at Cape Bror Ruys, about 73 degs. N.L., but neither the Danish Ships expedition to Greenland's east coast (1893-4) which wintered up the fiord under Captain Ryder, nor AmcYrup's Expedition of 189S, saw anything of it. Later, however, a pack was seen at Huory Inlet, Jameson Land, at 701 !ng. N.L.—so there is no doubt about '• that it i.s travelling quickly towards the South and' will soon reach the lit '!e Danish colony. Angmasalik. by \\-ipe Dan, just south of the Polar ~'irc!e. In the Summer, the Arctic wolf ' ants singly, or male and female to other. In the Winter in great packs, their shrill howling being heard from ft:r and near. Peary has, at Fort Con ger. seen ID white wolves together. To judge by the full-grown speci ? men which is to be found in Copen hagen's Zoological Museum, and which originally came from Disko Island on the west coast, to where it must have wandered from the Continent of America, the American and E;;st Greenland' wolf is an exceptionally large and strong animal, (all, with a long pointed snout and strong legs. It must be an exceedingly good, fleet, and persevering runner, which is also proved by its long wanderings, from America, over Greenland, North Point, 83 (legs., to 70 clegs., about 1000 geo graphical miles. This immigration lias, of course, made considerable ravage on the ani mal life. The east coast is one of the world's great — up to now — al most untouched hunting fields. I-lere live the wild reindeer and musk oxen in great herd's (the year old calves are particularly exposed to the wolves attack, because they separate them selves from the herds), hares, Lap (Continued) 