TEA TIME TALK. .(-All Items: Intended for publication In' this column must be forwarded to the Women's Department and signed by some responelble'porson. Personal .notes, reports of socials, dances, concerts and any matter connected with the activities of .jroraen will be acceptable). ' Dance in Boathouse. A very enjoyable time was Bpeiit In the boatliouse on tho Manly foreshoru on Friday night last, wlion the ladles': commlttco ot tho Waterloo hay Skill Club, comprising, Mesdames M. E, Wall, G. Comrle, P. Sibley, It. Llnd, J, Brown, and-MlSB E. Luke, arranged a euchre party and danfcoln aid ot cluh funds. During -the evening a.* competition Was won by Mrs. A. Jackson, a'nd the euchre tournament, which was super* vised by Mr, J. Brown, was won by Mrs. E. Thomas (ladles' prize) and Mr. H. Hall (gentlemen's prize),.. Con* solation prizes wore awarded to/Mrs. T. Ingram and Mr. G. Henderson; Music for . dancing was supplied, by Mrs. T.-Wobb's Orchestra. Wynnum Band Dance,, On Friday night the Town Hall, Wynnum, was. the Bcene of a success ful euchre .party and dance,' organised. by tho ladles' committee of the Wyn num District Bund, In .aid of the re freshment stall aV their forthcoming carnival. Euchre enthusiasts enjoyed a good game under tho supervision'of Mr. W. Cantle, and the winners wero Mesdames D. M'Carthy and Mllllken (tied for ladles' first),.and Mr; F. Voltz (geiftlemen's first). Competi tions-were won by" Miss O. Wright and Mr. .W. Hamlet. ... Music for dancing,-waB supplied .by the Wynnum Band, and Misses I. Rich 'ardson and. K.' Cronln; - whilst those responsible' .forJtho: evening "lncluded' Mcsdames F. Magulre, ,S. P. Towns- , end, H. J. Payne,' J. Allen, Sovcrns, W, Cantle. : 1 Danish Association. The annual general meeting of the Danish Association, "Heimdal," took place last Saturday in the association's building, In Grey-street, South Ells'; onne. The president—ithe popular auc tioneer from Roma-street markets Mr. Peter Erlkaen; was In tho chair, and the meeting was woll attended., In tendering Ills'' annual report, tho' president said It was. gratifying to note that, in spite' of the trying times, tho financial position of the associa tion was about the same as a year ago. However, -as very tew Immi grants from the Scandinavian coun tries had arrived In Queensland dur ing the last few years, tho chances ot securing new- members;, from that gourde seemed rathor remote. ■ He ap pealed to all Scandinavians In Brls-. bane lo come along any Saturday night' and become members. The commit-, tee had decided to hold an ouehro tour; nument on tho last Saturday rh each' month. "' A new committee was elected jus follows:—President,' Mr. P. Erlkscn (unopposed); vice-presidents,' Messrs, C. Rnsmussen and Louis Hanson; sec retary, Mr, S. Wolkop; assistant,sec retary, Mr. K, A. Baltzer; treasurer, Mr. A. M. Petersen; librarians, McssrB P. Sorenscn and S. Jorgensen; audi tor, Mr. M. B. Christiansen. ' ■ Pre-wedding Paity. A party was entertained by the Misses Ethel and Jean-Raymond at their home (Clifton, River-terrace) on Saturday afternoon, In honor of Miss P.uth Foley, whose marriage to Mr. Louis Hill will tako placo shortly. An amusing competition was won .by Miss Dorothy Gtttens, who presented lfer prize to tho guest of honor. The con solation prize wns won by Mrs. H. A. Foley, The guests lncluded-Mesdames R. A. Foley, Hill, Alan Foley, A. J. Raymond, J. Nuttall, T. Shearer, H. Govor, Chas Stendurp, A. I,. Raymond, II. T. Raymond, J. N. Radcllffc, H. W. Raymond, C. Fraser, MIsbob Ruth Fo ley, D. Stendrup, M. Shearer, W. Connellnn, M. Stewart, E. Parker, and D. Glttens, . ' 