NORCO NOTES INTER-STATE COMMITTEE Since last Aveek's Norco notes Avere issued members of the lieAvly consti tuted Interstate Committee, New South Wales section, ha\Te met and discussed the initial steps to be taken to bring about a uniform system of Jmdiiug ni ter-State butters. Members traversed the business done by the Federal Com mittee and gave effect to most of the decisions reached. There Avere quite a . number of hurdles to be surmounted and though, much remains to be settled before Ave can say that the committee is Avorking along safe lines, yet the Avorlc so far done gives promise of better times in the future.- Consider able discussion took place while mem bers considered the preparation of the list of accredited distributing houses a\rhicli Avould handle inter-state butter. While no one AvislTed to limit the hous es / consistently . handling butter for distribution locally, inter- state, or ov erseas,, it aaras felt by a section that ather than stick to the 'strict letter of AAhat really constitutes - a distributing house, it would be more prudent to make, tlie list . as comprehensive as possible. The object behind this Avas to put the committee in the ( position of being able to control all classes of butter handlers. The, question of the exact ramification of "border trade" has yet to be finalised and it is- ex pected that it will require considerable tact Avith some little give and take before an arrangement suitable to" all can be reached. Coupled Avith this problem is the question of fixing the selling price for butter sold in inland centres. Some years ago it Avas the customary thing# for butter so sold to fetch Sydney price, plus, an extra half penny a pound to cover the cost of ransport. Unfortunately this rule Avas quickly broken with the result that in country centres many' miles away from a butter factory butter can be bought there at the rate ruling in Sydney. Of course someone has to carry the cost of freight and, if the buyer floes not, it is certain that Avhen it is all boiled down it will be found that the pro ducer, has 'to foot the bill. The ques tion of this border trade Avould not assume anything like the proportion that it docs at present if -vn'.v tn ar rangement could be come to whereby all butter sold in inland centres were sold on the old basis. HIGHER PRICE NOT REALLY BENEFICIAL. Though, as Avas mentioned above, the difficulties to be surmounted are fairly considerable, great hopes are felt by the majority of the committee that the hcAv scheme, once it is definitely laun died, must be to the benefit of i- producers. Of course, it is not", going; to give them any enhanced price value, but it is certainly going to keep for New South Wales a larger proportion' of her oavu trade than has been " the case in the past; ' Unfortunately, oav- ing to the popular doctrine Avliicli lias been preached iii and out of season'1 of late that in the event of certain things 1 taking place the, producer is going to get a price for his butter comparable with the Queensland wholesale price, the rank and file of the dairy farmers can only comprehend an improvement in their position and in that of tyeH industry by talking in terms of money s value. This Ayas /definitely seen when, during all the . turmoil that surroundefl the Marketing Act, the protagonists of hat measure waxed eloquent anent the much higher price that would be ob tained once the Board commenced , to function. It Avas a popular eateh-ery nd is so to-day, but folk never stop to realise that evenvif a very enhanced price were obtainable, it would be evened down by the corresponding de crease in consumption. If proof Avere wanted of the truth of this statement it would be provided by the experience of the last few months. From informa tion to hand it is learnt, that the local consumption of butter in this State lias shown a. falling off despite the addi- ional mouths to eat it that have been rovlded by immigration "from abroad. The cause of this falling off has to a certain pleasure been caused by the high prices that have ruled for butter and tlie lower purchasing power of the community in general. The reason why .this phase of butter economics is men tioned is because people have announc ed that once tlie inter-state trade is definitely settled the price ruling in. all States can be brought" up. to the level of Queensland. That is a sheer impossibility, if we wish to . keep our consumptive demand at its present average. . NEW SOUTH WALES PRODUCTION DECLINING. NeAv South Wales, production, like tlrat in all the other' States, but. not to the same extent as Victorian, is_shoAv- ing a steady decline and the receipts in Sydney for the Aveek ended April tl totalled 10.051 boxes as against 13,- 266 boxes for the corresponding period of last year. Gradings at Sydney and NeAvcastle also shoAv. a falling off, 6,028 boxes of salted and 517 boxes- of unsalted butter only being submitted tor the officers of the CommoiiAvealtli Dairy Branch. Regarding exports dur ing tliat week the same1 story can bfe told, shipments to inter-state ports to talling 3,855 boxes, to tlie United King dom 1688 boxes, and to other ports . 1143 boxes. / QUEENSLAND OUTPUT DECLINING In Queensland despite tlie heavy falls of rain that were experienced last Aveek: in some districts and the beneficial, rains in other dairying areas the .pro duction continues to diminish, though, of course, an exportable surplus, still remains each Aveek for disposal. VICTORIA ALSO DECREASING. In Victoria receipts at Melbourne from country centres and including ar rivals by coastal ships for the Aveek ended Friday last, totalled 15,499 boxes as compared Avith 17,215 boxes received there the preAnous Aveek and 22,201 boxes receiATed there during the" cor responding period of last year. Some Melbourne merchants report that trade in butter is slightly quieter but gen erally business is being fairly main tained. Owing to the cooler weather most of the supplies coming to hand are shoAving an improA-ement in quality and in consequence supplies of the cheaper grades are lighter than usual; In some cases pastry cooks are" being forced. to buy first and second grade, butters. A small surplus is still avail able 'after filling all the wants of the local market and this is being shipped to other States. No change in the sell- ing, price has taken place. LONDON FIRM. ; Cables received liere on Friday re ported chat owing to the Continental niar.ket being better the London de mand was' firm. . Australian salted av&s; quiet, at - 159/- to 160/-, and tmsalted 163/- to 164/r, Danish 164/- to 166/-, New Zealand salted 165/- to 166/-, un salted 166/- to 168/-, Argentine 150/- to 158/-, and Siberian 154/-. . ' « 