The World in Its Whirl Day by Day Local, Commonwealth, and Foreign News Epitomised A stingray is supposed to have caused the death of an aboriginal named Pedro on the beach near Broome. Pedro was in the water up to his armpits when the stingray struck. He suffered acute pains be- fore he died. An inquest is to be held. The resignation of the assistant Town Clerk of Darwin has been re- ceived. The Mayor stated that he had gone 'possum choking on Melville Island. Alice Donohue (8I), of Victoria Park, fell down a short flight of stairs at her home and sustained serious head injuries. Her name was placed on the danger list at the Perth Hospital. Intense privations were suffered by J. Gallen and his sons Percy and Donald, when their sailing yacht Eva was wrecked in boisterous weather off Cape Manifold (Q.), on April 17. In addition to the loss of the yacht, the party lost all personal belong- ings and some household furniture worth £300. Herbert Marsden (31), of Adelaide, had both legs and his skull fractured when he was knocked down by a mo- tor car. Falling over an embankment on the side of the road at Mickleham (Vic.), a motor car overturned twice. The driver, William Mooney (40), of Yar- raville, died from a fractured skull, and his companion, Alexander Bell, was seriously Injured. It is thought that the driver in the dark mistook a turn in the road. Finding that she had acted under extreme provocation a Melbourne jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against Anna Elizabeth Hilliard (36), who, with Albert George Wilson (23), was charged with having at Erica on March 12 murdered David Wilson, the father of the male accused. Wilson was acquitted of the charge and was discharged. Anna Hilliard, who is in delicate health, was remanded for sentence. X X x x x x During a coastal hurricane the Japanese steamer Tojokimi Maru was wrecked while proceeding to the Kamchatka fisheries. Brief mess- ages indicate that though 100 persons were saved, 91 are missing and their recovery is improbable. x x x x Peter Brough (34), was attacked at his home in Surrey Hills by a man with a razor. When admitted to the Sydney Hospital fifteen stitches were inserted in the cuts. The injured man would not make a statement to the police. A fire occurred in Cavanagh-street Darwin, when a Japanese pearler tried to fill a hurricane lantern with benzine instead of kerosene. An ex- plosion scattered burning spirit all over the room. The outbreak was quelled by the police using a chemi- cal fire extinguisher. x x x To prevent the introduction of plague and other diseases the Span- ish Government has banned the im- portation of fruit from Japan, the United States, Canada and New Zea- land. Cargoes now en route will be subjected to scientific examination and if suspect will be destroyed or returned. * * * There has been renewed fighting be- tween Afridi and Shiah tribesmen at Tirab, on the north-west frontier. The Afridis attacked the Shiahs inflicting heavy losses and captured two pic- ket posts. The Shiahs counter-at- tacked and regained the lost ground. Fierce fighting is expected shortly. x x x After one of the most thrilling pur- suits yet experienced by the police wireless patrols, a stolen motor car crashed into an electric light stan- dard in Bridge-road, Richmond (Vic.) The driver was about to jump from the car when the crash occurred and he fell unconscious on the roadway. Another man in the car escaped. x x x William Raymond, auctioneer, was committed for trial on a charge of arson by the Coroner at an inquivy into a fire in Hindley-street, Adelaide, on the morning of April 2. Evidence was given that Raymond was seen outside the premises at 8 o'clock on the morning of the fire. The Coroner said that Raymond had greatly over- valued his stock. When an eight-months-old baby was operated on at Wanganui (N.Z.), after swallowing a button, twenty-six pins, needles, safety pins, and buttons were found in its stomach. The baby is making a good recovery. At the inquest into the death of George Keys Harris (60) at Esper- ance the Coroner recorded the follow ing verdict: "I find that the deceased came to his death on or about March 11, 1929, in the bush, 17 miles west of Circle Valley, from a self-inflicted gunshot wound while he was in an unsound state of mind, due to priva- tion; (2) that David Bellamy was guilty of great neglect by not report ing deceased's absence, or making any endeavor to locate him until a week had elapsed." When the body of deceased was found in the bush a pencilled note was picked up. It contained the words: "Thirst Hare been bushed for 11 hours. Could not get at any water. God curse Aus- tralia." During heavy rain Kenneth Bladen (24), of Brighton, failed to see an approaching train at a level crossing near Winchelsea (Vic.) The train struck his car and Bladen was ter- ribly injured, dying almost immedi- ately. * * * While in charge of rifle practice on the Nowshera range, in India, Major Haycraft was shot in the back by a sepoy, and died instantly. The bul- let, after passing through Major Hay- craft's body, wounded two other men. The sepoy resented the fact that he was not promoted and had asked for a discharge, which had been refused. WHERE WELL-KNOWN CHEMICAL PREPARATIONS ARE MADE. In the main laboratory, of Fauldiug and Co.. shown in the illustration, many popular preparations are made. On the left side extract of cascara is being prepared; on the other side, under the righthand window, Vimilk Emulsion is being inside; under the lefthand window two cylinders are shown which are used in the manufacture of fluid magnesia. In the lower right corner finished products are being bottled, while in the centre is shown the process of producing distilled water. In the room, behind the open doorway, the manufacture of all tinctures is carried out. A fire broke out in the steerage quarter of the liner Euripedes, at Liv- erpool, but the damage done was slight. The sailing time of the ves- sel to Australia was not affected. Arthur Sullivan (30), has been com- mitted for trial on a charge of hav- ing murdered Mrs. Turner (29), of Fitzroy. Mrs. Turner died in St. Vincent's Hospital recently from wounds inflicted with a razor. * * * * Mr. Winston Churchill stated in the House of Commons last week that the total amount paid to the United States on account of the British debt to date was £246,600,000, and the total amount received by Britain from her former allies in the war was £33,700,000. When his store and residence caught fire at Wonthaggi (Vic.), Mr. A. V. Campbell rushed into the street in his night attire and gave the alarm. Shortly afterwards he collapsed and died. The fire, which was caused by Mr. Campbell knocking over a lamp completely destroyed the premises. * * * Arthur Clarence Bull (23), was found drowned in Fremantle Harbor last week. Bull had suffered from fits for many years and about three months ago was rescued from the river at Rocky Bay. It is surmised that a similar attack caused him to fall from the wharf. A complaint has been made by offi- cials of the Sydney Labor Council that unauthorised persons were collecting funds for the timber workers, and that bogus collectors had obtained groceries intended for the timber workers' families. * * * James Patrick Fury, when arrested at Townsville (Q.), was found to have 50 tins of opium in his possession. Fury was fined £100, in default six months' imprisonment, and the opium was ordered to be forfeited. The opium was worth £8/10/- a tin. * * * The number of unemployed in Bri- tain on April 15 was 1,153,500, being 24,567 less than in the week before but 69,726 more than a year ago. * * * Madge Jessop, of Prahan (Vic.), was killed, and twenty persons were injured when a motor bus overturned after a collision with a tram at the intersection of Malvern and Surrey roads. None of the passengers in the tram were injured. While riding a racehorse at Rand- wick (N.S.W.), Albert King, an ap- prentice jockey, fell to the ground, owing to the saddle slipping, and was dragged about 30 yards before his foot was released from the stirrup. He was admitted to hospital suffer- ing from concussion. * * * The premises of the Red Hill Cool Stores, Melbourne, were glutted by fire last week, and 25,000 cases of fruit were destroyed. The total loss is estimated at £50,000. * * * The Danish Government has been advised that a rescue party fruitless- ly searched the Crozet Islands, in the South Indian Ocean, for traces of the sailing ship Kjobenhaven. The Kjobenhaven was last heard of in December. She had 70 cadets on board. * * * As a protest against charity taxes, which are said to be crippling the industry, the National Theatre Con- gress has decided to close all French theatres. This will render 100,000 persons idle. * * * Inquiries instituted by the League of Nations Anti-White Slave Commit- tee into Sauveur Leboul's mode of living in Australia resulted in Leboul appearing before the Sydney Police Court last week, when he was charg- ed with being a prohibited immigrant. Leboul, who denied that he was liv- ing on the proceeds of immorality, was sentenced to three months' im- prisonment. * * * With one exception—April 15, 1900 —April 25 was the coldest day for April on record in Victoria. The maximum temperature was 52.7 deg. Snow fell at Ararat, Ballarat and Daylesford. * * * Phillip Crampton (20), of Burekup, was found dead in some thick bush near his home after an absence of several days. Death was due to a gunshot wound in the head. * * * Harry Williamson (18), of Mile End, was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital suffering from a fractured skull received when he was knocked down by a motor car which did not stop. Williamson was found lying unconscious on the roadway. * * * While on patrol duty in North Aus- tralia Constable Sheridan found James White on the road near Black- gin Creek, on the verge of death from thirst. He was brought to Wave Hill police station and kept there several days to recover. White, who was carrying a swag, stated that he ex- pected to find water some miles back, but on arrival found the water hole dry. He abandoned his swag and staggered on in an agony of thirst until he collapsed. Black trackers were sent out to follow his tracks and recover the swag. They returned in four days with the swag intact. Following the ejection of a Maori from a picture theatre in Te Araroa (N.Z.), a crowd gathered and a gen- eral fight resulted. Eleven persons were arrested. * * * William Jennings (52), fell to the roadway in Newcastle-street and was taken to the Perth Hospital suffering from a lacerated scalp. * * * Two men were killed and three injured when the car in which they were travelling left the road near Dargo (Vic.), and fell into a creek. The injured men lay in about a foot of ice-cold water for two hours be- fore they were rescued. The two men killed were: Thomas King (63) and Hilton Trail (23). * * * The liner Franconia arrived at Liverpool on its last trip from New York nearly four days late. She en- countered 90 miles of ice, some of the bergs being bigger and longer than the liner. On one day the ves- sel covered only 42 miles, compared with the normal 343. The total quantity of fruit shipped from Hobart so far this year is 652.- 553 cases, compared with 1,400,346 for the corresponding period of last year. * * * The third air mail from India reached Croydon (England), on Sun- day, only ten minutes late. It brought 10,000 letters. * * * After a journey of six days the land party, which left Wave Hill, reached Anderson's aeroplane, the Kookabur- ra, on Monday. Though no hope is held for the safety of Hitchcock, the mechanic, a search will be made of the country in the vicinity of the machine. * * * While working at the Sydney City Electrical Station, William Godley (21), came into contact with a cable carrying 12,000 volts, and was elec- trocuted. Death was almost instan- taneous. * * * Thousands of dwellings in Tokio have become uninhabitable owing to a leakage of poison gas from an army munition factory being communicat- ed to the sewers. Portion of the takings of the Wel- lington (N.S.W.) Race Club's meet- ing on Saturday were stolen. The money was placed in a bag and taken to the secretary's office, and when the secretary returned to Wellington after the races he found that £56 in notes had disappeared. A large amount of silver in the bag was not touched. * * * A. child aged one year and five months was burned to death when a house caught fire at Peter- sham (N.S.W.) Fred Worth, who was passing, gallantly rescued an other child from the blazing building. Dr. F. C. Maidden, of the Egyptian University, was found shot dead in his home in Cairo, with a reyolver in his hand. Dr. Madden took his med- ical degrees at the University of Mel- bourne. The sensation caused by his death is increased by the fact that it follows a similar tragedy in the case of Dr. Thomson, president of the Quarantine Board at Alexandria. * * * Walter Williams and Frederick Brightfield were knocked down by a motor car in Alexandria (N.S.W. ). Williams was killed and Brightfield received injuries to the body, arms and legs. * * * During a quarrel at Calulu, near Bairnsdale (Vic.), Matteo Sabatino (47), was shot in the leg. Another Italian, Guiseppi Guiliane, has been arrested and charged with having in- flicted grievous bodily harm. * * * At the Inquest into the death of Ernest Simpson (24), whose body was found in the Swan River, a verdict was returned that deceased died from a revolver wound, self-inflicted while in a state of delirium. Simpson suf- fered periodically from malaria. * * * While crossing the railway line near Hampton (Vic.), Frederick Rusch (70), was run down by an electric train and killed. * * * Ernest Smith was committed for trial at Dubbo (N.S.W.). on a charge of having caused the death of Patrick Kinchella. The evidence showed that the men, who were friends, had been drinking together, and in a quar- rel Smith is alleged to have struck Kinchella. * * * Henry Robert Putt, after pleading guilty in the Perth Criminal Court to having discharged a firearm at Albert Abbott with intent to kill, was advised by Mr. Justice Northmore to alter his plea. Putt, who was not in a position to engage a solicitor, was remanded until the next sessions of the Court, and the Crown Prose- cutor was instructed to engage a solicitor to appear on his behalf. When the steamer Alster berthed at Melbourne on Friday last the assis- tant engineer, Michael Brunn (22), was taken to hospital. It was re- ported that during the voyage from Sydney a steam pipe burst and he was badly scalded. His condition is critical. * * * Charles O'Farrell, of Carnarvon, died as the result of a piece of meat sticking in his throat at lunch. He rose from the table and ran out of the house into the yard, where he made violent efforts to dislodge the obstruction. He collapsed and died in a few minutes. * * * Damage estimated at several thous- ands of pounds was caused by a fire which destroyed the timber mill of the Millars Timber and Trading Com- pany in South Melbourne, on Satur- day last. * * * Miloslav Krstovitch, a bandit, was tried at Belgrade on 27 charges of murder, robbery and rape. He was convicted on each charge and re- ceived the record term of 362 years' imprisonment, which, however, was cancelled by four death sentences. * * * A message from Apia (Samoa), states that a notification made by the Mau that it would prevent the crew of the steamer Maui Pomare from landing at Apia, caused anticipations of lively times. The presence of military police, however, prevented any outbreak., The crew of the stea- mer were recently treated for influ- enza in Auckland and the natives were afraid of an epidemic. * * * Lewis Jones (26), lost his life in unusual circumstances about 26 miles north of Jericho (Q.). Jones, who was on horseback, was conveying a bor- ing plant to Hobartville on a dray drawn by nine horses. While tra- velling along a bush track the dray went close to a fence to avoid a big tree and a wheel passed over the hoof of the horse. Jones was thrown un- der the wheel of the dray, which passed over his head, killing him in- stantly. * * * The complete Belgian records re- veal the adventurous career of the South Australian, Rossack, who last year complained that he had been stranded in a maison de refuge in Belgium. He has many times es- caped from custody and is at present awaiting trial on a charge of murder. The Belgian authorities are of the opinion that Rossack is a dangerous mental case. Before going to Eur- ope he underwent mental treatment in South Australia. * * * The Y.A.L. touring party marched through the Loop section of Chicago during the busiest hour with the Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes carried side by side. The warnings that had been received that the boys uniforms and flags would provoke Anti-British demonstration were not justified by the event. The crowd, which included Mayor Thompson, showed nothing but goodwill towards the party. August Fitterer (86), was knocked down and killed by a motor car at White Hills, near Bendigo (Vic). The driver of the car said he thought that the old man had been confused by the lights. * * * A motor lifeboat capable of a speed of 17 or 18 knots an hour is to be pro- vided for use in the English Channel. The object is to have a live-saving vessel fast enough to go to the assis- tance of any aeroplane forced down in the Channel., The boat will cost about £18,000 and will be stationed at Dover. * * * Arthur Waddington (53) was knock- ed down and killed by a motor car in Auburn- road, Bankstown (N.S.W.) He received a fractuerd skull and in- juries to the spine. 