Bacon from Froien Pork OPENING FOB AUSTRALIA. The stiggestidn has been m:ide to the Primary Producers' Union by Mr. A. F. Gray, Senior Instructor in pig rais ing, that experiments be made in send- ing frozen pork from Australia to Eng land, to be made into bacon in Eng land. A similar experiment was car ried out. by a New Zealand firm some time ago, he says/ and the results were satisfactory. -, . The New Zealand pork was convei'- . ted into Wiltshire sides by standard curing methods, and the finished pro duct judged by -a panel of judges from the London Provision Exchange, whose report was: "The general conformation and pro-, portions of sides were good- and the color and mildness of the bacon were cxeelent. The total points awarded for three types of cure were 81, "76, and 82, out of a total of 100, the first being a tank cure and the two latter dry salt cured.' The fact that bacon of the quality demonstrated by this experiment cab be made from frozen pork is encourag ing to those who organised the experi ment, whieli" should act as a stimulant excellent. The total points awarded for Empire products for foreign imports. The official report on the experiment, says Mr. Gray, stated that a compre hensive series of cooking tests were undertaken' by the chief and staff of the King's College of Household .and Social Science. Comparative cuts and joints of tho threo New Zealand ba cons, best- English and Danish were -cooked in five different ways and were submitted for opinions to a number of judges who were unaware of the origin of the samples. The final opinion of tho College experts and others was that the New Zealand samples were at least as good as English and better than Danish in flavor, .tenderness and appear ance. Another point of impor.tanco. to the housewiie was that all New Zea land samples lost less weight in cook- iug. . The promising results obtained from this experiment aro of unusual interest in view of the publication of the Im perial Economic Committee's report on pigs and pig products, in which em phasis is laid on the potential import ance of New Zealand as a source of pork and bacon, concluded Mr. Gray. In dismissing an appeal of a taxi- driver against conviction for a breach of tho traffic regulations, Judge Sheri dan said that the way the police eon- i trolled taxi traffic in Sydney was scan dalous. He added that no other city in tho world would allow its police to handle taxis as they did here. Dulwich Hill' branch of the A.L.P. has protested emphatically against the proposed visit to Europe of the Prime Minister (Mr. J. H. Scullin) and two other Federal ministers, in view of the present situation. ' - Twolvo stowaways from Australia on the- cargo vessel Templemead, de tained by tho immigration depot at Durban, South Africa, included an ex- member of the British Secret Service., Another stowed away three months ago with his wife and three children, but was sent back to Colombo. Another was a member of a trades union. Steps are to be taken immediately to commence the work of re-distributing the Federal scats. No census is to be taken this year, so the figures on which re-distribution will be made will to some extent be estimates. For . this reason tho number of members returned hy each State will not be affected, and the work will probably be continued to the securing of more uniform quotas by a re- adjustment of boundaries. When two military aeroplanes collid ed "at an altitude of 1000ft. at Mexico City, three of the occupants were killed in the resultant crash. A meeting of Melbourne unemploy ed on Saturday carried a motion declaring the Bennett Lane free kitohen black, and an attempt was made to boycott the establishment. It wbb strongly picketed, but 348 men obtained breakfasts though the normal number is abnut 950. A strong force of police prevented a. serious situation developing. " We most get rid of the surplus men on pension, thereby relieving the situation. If x they do not go that way it may be necessary for the Government to review the position, and take the bull by the boras and get rid of the whole of the surplus men in the service." This was. the emphatic utterance of the Queensland Minuter for Bail ways (Mr. G. Mor gan) when addressing a large gather ing of railway employees on the super- annuation scheme at Roma street station, 