THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS Resume of Work of Eleventh Assembly REDUCTION OF ARMAMENTS Tlio Eleventh Assembly of tho League of Nations met from Septem ber 10 to October 1 under tho presi dency of M. Tltnloscu, Roumanian Minister in London. Fifty-two of the 84 States' members wcro represented, and the delegates included eight Prune Ministers and 21 Foreign Ministers, as well as many Ministers holding other Government ofllces. Over 400 newspapers and news agencies from 40 countries sent correspondents to report the proceedings. The general debate covered most of the ground of League work, but was mainly dominated by a considera tion of the prevailing economic de pression. Tho other outstanding is sues were the reduction of armaments, minorities, and - M, Brland's proposal In regard to European union. These wcro all matters upon which the lead ing' statesmen in tho assembly spoke both - In plenary session and In com mittee, and various tendencies were manifest In discussions that wcro probably fuller and 'freer tliun in any preceding assemblies. Tlio decisions reached are briefly summarised below, but they do not . reflect the Import ance . of the debates or tlio value of tills exchange of views and ldens be tween responsible statesmen on tho main questions of tho day. At no assembly liave economic prob lems been so thoroughly explored or tho difficulties so 'plainly analysed. It was generally appreciated .that con ditions could not -be successfully met without -concerted International action, an dsteps were taken to promoto this both by enquiry and by conference. A League commission of European States,' with authority to secure the collaboration of non-Etiiopean States, was sot up to report., on M. Brland's scheme In -time for the next assembly. '.The assembly unnouiicod Its con viction that the Preparatory Disarma ment Commission would conclude the preliminary draft Convention l'or tlio Reduction of Armaments at its Nov ember meeting so that tlie Council might summon tlio first general con ference us soon as possible; it adopted the Convention for Financial Assist ance, which was immediately signed by ,28 .States; it wus decided upon the creation of a committee for the further study . of the draft convention for strengthening tho means of preventing war,, and passed -two resolutions out lining tho facilities to bo organised for League communications In tlmo. of emergency. ' . The Assembly was not able' to com plete its consideration of tlio tunend- rtients'to the covenant to bring it into harmony with tho Paris Pact, and the proceedings are to be communicated to Governments In tlmo Cor renewed con sideration at tlio next Assembly. The number of judges on the Permanent Court of International Justice was in creased from 11 to 19, and these judges were elected for a period of nlno years, No resolution was passed oil minor ities, and tlio Assembly contented Itself with accepting tlio general report which described the different political and Juridical views which the debuto had elicited. Satisfaction was ex pressed at tho restoration of order in Palestine and at. the British Govern ment's undertaking to submit to the Mandates Commission, betoro putting It into practice, any plan for closer administrative union between Kenya, Uganda and the mandated territory of Tanganyika, . Tlie Conference for the Limitation of Drug Manufacture Is to bo sum- 'inoned l'or May, 1931, and all States aro to be invited to attend. The pro gramme for tlio conunittoo of inquiry Into the trufllc In women in the Fur East was approved. Decisions wero taken for the purpose of underlining the international, character and pcr- manenco of. the Secretariat and the In ternational Labour Ofllcc. Guatemula, tho Irish Eree Stato arid Norway suc ceeded Cuba, Canada, and Flnlund as non-permanent members of the Coun cil for' threo years. - - Other decisions of tho Assembly covered arbitration, codification of In ternational law, health, finance, transit, slavery, refugee and Intellectual co- opcrafTon questions. Tho President, in Ills concluding speech, suld that two facts hud char acterised the meeting — tlio simple and normal way in which tho Assembly registered the accomplishment of things which formerly seemed unattainable, and the omcrgenco from general theo retical conceptions to more limited but far more practical fields hitherto re- Served for Isolated national action. In no field had tlio Assembly ex perienced a reverse, and tho only question had been whether the advance had been sulllelently rapid. It had undertaken grout tasks In Its endeavour 'o secure further, progress and had real ised tliut co-oporatlon must be at the root of tlie solution of all its prob lems. - "Novel- content, never dis couraged" was the motto of the As sembly. M, Titiilosco added that ho had never understood -mora clearly than he had beeif uble to do from the Chair, ua President, that the Ixsaguo was based not so much on a Covenant us on the human henrt. The main decisions und developments of the Assembly are brlelly sum marised below: — THE ECONOMIC CRISIS, The worldwide economic depression engaged the dose and detailed atten tion of the Assembly 'anil of its Sec ond Committee. There was unanimous emphasis on the gravity of the situa tion and oil tlio necessity for Inter national co-oporatlon. Concerted action was regarded as more tlmn ever essential, and an appeal was mado to all States to accede to the Commercial Convention of March,' 1930, so that tho Conference In November might .pursue tho negotiations . contemplated last March. The Economic Committee Jwb boon nslted to draw up concrete pro posals. for the November mooting, which 1b to include in Us agenda the resolutions of tho Warsaw Agricul ture Conference (containing the pro posal for preference In Europe for ccreais produced liy tho States partici pating in the "Warsaw Conference) a full study of the most- favoiired-nutioii clause, anil the question of dumping, all of which were the .subjects of long discussions during the Assembly meet ings. Reservations were niudc by sonic overseas countries, moro especially the BrltlBh Dominions and India, Willi re gard to the Warsaw resolutions — on the substance of which tlio Assembly made no pronouncement — anil also with regard to tlio appeal to States to ratify tho Commercial Convention, or at ony rate to give effect In practice to Us provisions. Sir Robert Borden suld he had no authority to accept this for Canada, and Mr. Coleinun said Aus tralia could not agree to a recommen dation of something to which she was not a party and which she found Inap plicable to bet- economic position. Arising, out of a proposal by tlio Indian delegation, a study 1h to bo made of the causes and data of the eco nomic depression and the question of tho recurrence of periods of such de pression. Tlio Assembly, Impressed by the seriousness of the situation, by the general recession o£ cm ploy men L und trade, by tlio constant recurrence of such periods of depression, and tho failure up to the present to discover any coneertcd means for averting losses lneuiTed railed upon the Econo mic and Financial urguulsntloii of the League, wbieli ling already been study ing tlie causes of llnet on lions In liio pui'eiiaslng power of gold and their rlTei't on economic life, to study the course :i Mil phases of the present de pression ami the eli-etiinslauces which led up In It. This comprehensive Inquiry Is to he carried out In the light of Inquiries undertaken by other competent Inter national bodies, and In co-opcratioil is with them, and special attention Is to bo given to tho programme of Inves tigation recommended by the agricul tural experts who mot In Geneva last January. Tho Assembly expressed Its belief that the restoration of pros perity in countries mainly concerned with agriculture nnd with the produc tion of raw materials would also eon- tribute to the restoration of pros perity In other countries. DISARMAMENT. Tlie main practical point In the discussion on disarmament during tlm league Assembly was whether or not tho date for tho first general Confer ence should be fixed for the year 1931, Tho Preparatory Commission nicnts In November this year (1930) and the Assembly expressed Its convlctiun that tho Commission would bo able to terminate the work on tho prelimin ary draft Convention. Some delega tions considered tliat It would not be wlso for the Council to conveno the Conference until this necessary pre paration had been completed; others, however/took the view that, In any event, tho Conference should bo sum moned In 1931. This fact was men tioned In the report of the Assembly Committee, but the final Assembly resolution Itself foreshadowed the convocation of tlie Conference "as soon as possible." The aermrin, Aus trian, and Hungarian delegations ab stained from voting because the re solution did not/fix a date. Tho. results of .the London Naval Conference were .considered bv the Assembly to be such as to facilitate general agreement on methods of naval disarmament. The Japanese) delega tion informed the Assembly of Japan's ratification oC the London Agreement. PROHIBITION OF WAR. The Assembly oC the League was unable at this session to complete tlio task of bringing the Covenant into harmony , with the Paris Pact; but it declared its bollcf that it was "neces sary to incorporate in the Covenant -L . . the general 'prohibition of resort to war and tho principle that the settle ment of "international ciiapytea should never be sought except by pacific means," and requested tlio Govern ment Members of the League to in form tho Secretary-General by Juno 1st what they thought of the- reports of the special Commitlco of Eleven und of its own First Committee on the question of amending tho Qovenant so as to make the prohibition of war abso lute. To Committco of Eleven, appointed as the result of a resolution of the Assembly of 1920, submitted' a report to tho Eleventh Assembly proposing certain draft amendments, and the First or Legal Committee of the As sembly suggested some modicintions of these drafts. . The main change pro posed was that, whereas under the draft amendments of tho Committee of Eleven the members of the League agreed to comply with a "unanimous recommendation of the Council given under Article 15, paragraph C, of the Covenant, the First Committee's text proposes merely, that' the Council "shall invite the parties to comply with the recommendations" of such a report 'and thai the members of the League "undertake in no way to support, any party in refusal to comply with such recomiucndat ions." The discussion revealed certain poli tical difficulties which, In" Ih'o view of the Assembly, required 'further consid eration. Certain Latin-American States pointed out that they had not ratified the Peace Fact, although they wcro members of the Leugue, and therefore a proposal designed to har monise the Covenant, by which they were bound, with the Paris Pact, to which they were not parties, might give rise to difficulties; they were, however, anxious to amend the Cove nant so as to make It forbid war in nil circumstances. Other considerations were whether or not tho p 01 used amendments expended sanctions obligations, whether- they affected tho validity of oilier treaties in view of the fact that, by Article 20 of the Covenant, mcmbera of the League agreed to regard uh obrogato any treaty or understanding between them which is incompatible with tlio Covenant, and what would bo the rights of a Slate In whoso favour an award or decision had been given. Under tho existing Covenant, audi a State would havo tho 'right within three months after the rejection of such an award by the party ugainst which it was rendered to try to get It by force. The First Committee's re port states that, in Ua view, the amended Covenant also : " Guarantees tho right of Slates to proceed by themselves to execution of an award or decision rendered In their favour. "The only question remaining open In that of tlio limits within which the Stato In whose favour the award or decision lias been rendered must re strict Itself. It appears in accordance with the general desire to accept tho view that the principle of prohibition of reHort to war laid down Jn tho pre amble applies to the case. " The lack of sufficient certainty on thin altogether new point of Inter national law should be an additional inducement for the successful State to resort to the Council, and for tlio Council to propose measures for I he execution of the award or decision." The whole subject was therefore re ferred back io the Governments, as already noted, on tho basis uT llm Assembly resolution that It was neces sary to Insert the principle of com plete prohibition of war Into tlie Covenant, JUDICIAL SETTLEMENT AND ARBITRATION, Tho Assembly noted the gratifying progress that had been made In the Inst year in tho acccptanco of obliga tions to settle disputes peacefully There arc now 3-1 Stales bound by the Optional Clause recognising tho com pulsory jurisdiction of the Court, as compared with 18 last September. These States are The Union of South Africa, Abys sinia, Albania, Australia, Austria, Bel gium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Den mark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Greece, Haiti, Hungary, India, Irish Free Slate, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxem burg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nor way, Panama, Persia, Portugal, Sal vador. Shim. Spain, Sweden Switzer land the United Kingdom, and Uru- guay. Tho French Chamber of Deputies, but not yet the Senate, has voted tho HUP ratifying France's signature of the Optional Clause, Mr. Henderson, the British Foreign Minister, pointed out in the general debate in tlie Assembly Hint seven teen members of the League had not yet signed tho Optional Clause, and that a further eleven members had signed but not. yet ratified tho clause. M. Munch, the Danish Foreign Min ister. stated on the same occasion that elcht out of the eleven countries which promised nt the last Assembly to ratify tho Optional riuusp had slnco deposited their ratifications. The General Act for tho peaceful settle ment of all disputes by conciliation, compulsory jurisdiction of the Court and arbitration bail been rat! lied by two out of- tlio seven Ftates Hint pro mised to do so at tlie lost Assmnbly. Six countries buvc now acceded to tho General Act as a whole— namely, 1 'cig ( mn. lien mark. Fin la ml. Luxem burg. Norway, and Spain. Two further mini I r'fs — nanmly, Sweden ami I he NclhrrlandS' —have acceded tn Hie chapters on cuni'illatiou and Judicial settlement and the general provisions of I he General Art. In France, the French t iovernnu tit's Bill for mvf- slon to the Act has been .voted by the Chamber and awaits the vote of the Heiiutc, which meets in the autumn. L'htlo announced that she would shortly accede. Mr. Henderson said bis Government was favourably disposed to tho Gen eral Act, but, In a matter of such vital concern, desired to proceed in eloso accord with the other members of tho British Commonwealth. One of the chief tasks at the conference of repre sentatives of nil tho Commonwealth Governments In London would be to consider what further contribution could be made to the cause of disarm ament and world pence. General Heri- zog expressed bis approval of this method of approach, FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE CONVENTION. A step designed for the building-up of the League's defences against war was taken by the adoption of the Convention on Financial Assistance In case of war or threat of war. and Us Immcdlato signature by twenty-eight States. By the Convention a State attacked or in danger of attack may, with the permission of tho League Council, raise loans which arc guaran teed within certain clearly defined limits by the signatories to .the con vention. The treaty comes Into. opera tion only on behalf of States that shall havo accepted a League disarmament treaty under Article 8 of tho Covenant; and tho obligation tn guarantee loans, bosides being strictly limited in amount, comes Into foreo primarily in circumstances when tho members of tho League aro in any case pledged to support and protect a fellow member against a pence-breaker under Article 10 of the Covenant. That Is, tho Con vention on Financial Assistance Is one means of discharging tho financial obligations contained In Artlclo. 1G of tho Covenant. Tho Council of tho Lftaguo must bo unanimous to refuse access. to the lonn scheme for a signa tory that has been attacked, provided tho latter undertakes to submit the dlsputo to judicial or arbitral settle ment. or any other pacific procedure considered suitable by tho Council. .But tho 'Convention .muy also be used as a last attempt to preserve poaco and avert tlio danger of war. The Council may, If It Is unani mous.- grant financial assistance to a signatory undertaking to submit its dlsputo to peaceful settlement and" to conform to provisional measures for safeguarding peace recommended by tho Council, when tho other parly has refused to tuko such steps and tho Council considers that neaeo cannot bo otherwise preserved. Tlie Council may at any tlmo suspend tho payment of whatever proceeds of tlio loan are still outstanding, cither temporarily or permanently. In short, the Convention on JGnauclul Assistance puts into the hands of the Council a means of pressure on the parties to a dlsputo to preserve or rostore peace, and affords the mem bers of tho League a convenient and practical means of discharging part of their obligations under Article 16 of tho Covenant, as well ns of making effective tho peace-keoplng action of the League under Article 11. The 28 States that havo signed the Convention aro: Abyssinia, Albania, Austria, Belgium, Boilvh, Bulgaria, Cuba, Czechoslovakia, Denmark, Es tonia. Finland, France, Great Britain, Greece, Irish Free State, Latvia, Netherlands, Norway, Peru, Persia, Poland, Portugal, lloumr.nia, Spain, Sweden and Yugoslavia, Tho Convention remains open for signature until tho end of 1931. THE COURT AND THE ELECTION OF JUDGES. Tho new Bench of Judges to tho Permanent Court was elected by tho Assembly and Council oC tho League in September. Judges are elected for nine years by a majority voto in both the Assembly ami Council. The Assembly was unable to declare tho amendments to tho Statute In force,, as they had not been ratified by all the signatories. Tho Assembly and Council decided to iudrcaso tho number of judges to fifteen (the number provided under the amended Statute) and rearranged tho salaries and allowances of the judges so as to conform 'ns fur ns possible to the conditions laid down In the revised Statute. Tho four deputy judges wore elected without salaries; in view of tho increased numlier of Judges, they will hardly bo called upon to act, and tho post of deputy judge will bo ubollshed when tlio revised Statute comes Into force. The following Is tho composition of. the new court:—. Judges: M. Mlncltclro Adatcl (Jap anese), M. Rafael Altumlra y Crevea (re-elected, Spanish), M; Dlonisio Anziiotti (re- elected, Italian). M. Antonio S. do Bustanianto y Slrveii (re-elected, Cuban), Johnkhcer Wlllem J. M. van Eyslnga (Dutch), M. Henri Fromageot (re-elected, French). M. J. Gustavo Guerrero (Salvadorean), Sir Cecil Janies Harrington Hurst (re elected. British), Mr. F, B. Kellogg (United States). M. Demotro Negii- leseo (former Deputy Judge. Rou manian). Baron Rolln-Jnequemyns (Belgian), Count Michel Uostworow- ski . (Polish). M. Walther Sehucklng (German), M. Francisco \loso Urrutla (Colombian), und M, Wang Chung- Htii (former Deputy Judge, Chinese). Deputy Judges: M. Rafael Waldc- mar Erich (Finnish), M. Joso Cnelro da Matta (Portuguese), M. Mllela Novnkovitch (Yugoslav), and M. Joseph Redlleh (Austrian). ELECTION TO- THE COUNCIL, Norway (38 votes), tho Irish Freo Stat© (36 votes), and Guatemala (-11 votes) were elected by the Assembly ns Members of the Council of the League for three years in succession to Finland, Canada, and Cuba, whose term of office expired In September of this year. Portugal obtained 31 votes. Before tho election there was a vote on China's request to be declared rc-cligiblo by tlio Assembly; China obtained 27 voles out of the 32 which were necessary to give her a two- thirds majority; The rules of election of the Assembly provide thai, if a State has not boon off tlio Council for three years, it cnnnol stand for election un less It first obtains a declaration of ro- oliglbility by u two-thirds majority. China bad been off the Council only two years and so required a declara tion of ro-ellglhlllly, At the next Assembly, tho Assembly will liavo to fill tho seatfl vacated by Persia, Spain and Venezuela. Spain was declared re- eligible on her election in September, 1928, and can thus stand aguin for elec tion next September. MANDATES, During the mandates debate In the Assembly, great satisfaction was ex pressed at the improvement of the position In Palestine, ami the Council passed a resolution Inviting tho British Government to adopt such' mcasure/i as it considered appropriate to give effect to tho recommendations and conclu sions of the Mandates Commission. Tlio British representative) informed the Council that his Government would ho ablo shortly to slato Its Intentions in regard to lis future policy of immi gration and the development of the territory. The Assembly noted lb© renewed undertaking given by the British Gov ernment to give tho Mandates Com mission an opportunity of making observations oh whatever might be decided In regard to tho pchemo for closer administrative union between Tanganyika, Kenya nnd Uganda before such a decision became operative. TRAFFIC IN OPIUM. The Assembly took a serious view of the extent of tho illicit drug traffic. The Advisory Opium Committed will deal with this difficult problem dining tho forthcoming year by a twofold method — It will continue to urge the enforcement in every oounltv of stricter application of (In obligations; undertaken under the Geneva and! Hague Conventions, and It will try to strike directly at tlie root of tho problem by drawing lip a practical plan for the limitation of the inanu- fueiurc of narcotic drug. The Assembly mado an exhaustive examination of tlie position in regard to the drug Iraffic. It noted with satisfaction Unit considerable pro-, gross had been made Into ratifications of the 1925 Convention: wllh the ex- j (option of the' Statute of iho IVr- ' manont Court of International .hiMloo. the Opium Convention has obtained j the largo t mttnln r of ratifications of | all League Conventions. As, how ever, tlio majority of Latin-American countries have not yet ratified It, the Assembly nddrcsscd to those Stales an urjrut appeal to do so. The Assembly also noted that pro gress hud been made, In particular in Germany, France, and Greece, In the application of legislative and ad ministrative measures to Insure the supervision of the traffic. Tlie Illicit traffic is nevertheless si ill consider able; the Assembly therefore thought It necessary to emphasise the Import ance of the general and rigorous ap plication of measures of supervision and suppression, nnd made detailed suggestions to this nmi. Tho Council decided that tho Con ference for the Limitation of Drug Manufacture should meet in May, 1931\. A preliminary meeting of manu facturing countries wilt be held In London at the end of October, at the Invitation of tlio British Government. Tlie Advisory Committee- on Traffic in Opium will meet in January, 1931, and, in the light of tho results of the pre liminary meeting, will establish a draft convention for submission to the May Conference, to which all States will bo invited. \s a result of Information fur nished to the Assembly on the work of the Commission of Inquiry on Opium Smoking In the Far Enst, (be Siamese delegate intimated that, bis Government' intended to propose that tho Conference of Signatories of the Agreement' of February II, 1925, .should be held ut Brngkok. The date of this meeting will bo fixed later by the Council. TRAFFIC IN WOMEN AND CHIL DREN. .A question which figured pro minently in the debutes of the -Fifth Committee of tho Assembly was Uic abolition of licensed houses of prosti tution. In this connection, a ' good deal of interesting -'information was offered. Tho Chilian delegate said that licensed- houses had been abolished in his country for four years now, while tlie Chlncsp delegutc reported that a recent law passed by tho Government of Nanking had abolished - the system of licensed houses in the larger Chinese towns. Similar progress was reported' by tho French and Roumanian dele gates. The Committee recorded Its conviction that the information col lected by the Secretariat from coun tries where licensed liou«cs' have been abolished showed that such abolition docs not result in an increase of vener eal disease nor In added dangers to pub lic order. Satisfaction was expressed, that the inquiry into the trafllc in women and children is being extended to the Near and Far East. The outline of the pro gramme was, approved, and the Ameri can Bureau of Social Hygleno was thanked for Its gift of 125,000 dollars towards tho inquiry CHILD WELFARE. The Assembly approved of the work of the Child Welfare. Committee, which was invited to completo Us draft Con vention for iho assistance of foreign minors and to inform the Council of the difficulties encountered, In view of the possibility of a study of the whole question of assistance to foreigners. The Assembly, expressed the desire that an International convention for the uboljtion of customs duties on educa tional films might bo concluded a s soon as possible. SLAVERY. Ratifications of the Slavery Conven tion of 1925 hnvo Increased from twcnty-nlno to thirty-four within the past year. It was, however, foil that tho Information furnished was Inade quate and the . action taken under tills Convention was not leading quickly enough to a fliuil abolition of slavery ami the slave trade. Tho BrlUsh dele gation proposed that a ..permanent slavery commission should be set up Willi a permanent central office and empowered to request Slates, whether purlles to Iho Slavery Convention -or not, to furnish it with uny information and explanations it might desire, and, with tho consent of iho Governments concerned. -to conduct . local Inquiries. This recommendation .did not command sufficient approval in the Assembly, so M was decided to postpone for tho time bolng any changes in the- pro cedure and to carry on tinder the methods already in force for the next >\nr. However, Governments were urged to send In Information . which may assist next year's Assembly to form uomo Idea, not only of tho con ditions available In their territory, but also of tho general position In regard to slavery, , PROMOTING INTERNATIONAL UNDERSTANDING Tho Importance of making tho Lchguo of Nations known to young people and accustoming them to re gard international co-operation as tho normal method of conducting the world's affairs was emphasised by the Assembly, which praised the work of Die Sub- commute© of Educational Ex perts in this field und decided that It should bo continued and extended. There wus general agreement on tho necessity for developing comprehen sion . of other peoples in secondary schools, not only in tho class-rooms, hut also through exchanges of teachers and. pupils, International holiday camps, &c.; Several delegates men tioned the usefulness for teachers of tho "Educational Review," tho pam phlet on tho Alms and Organisation of tho League, now being translated into some thirty languages, and the work of the International Cinemato graphic Institute. The general discussion ' on tho League's work on intellectual co operation brought out tho development of "the mutual comprehension among nations upon which peace must be founded" as its, fundamental object. The reorganisation of the' work re sulting from the discussion laid stress upon the principle of co-ordinating existing efforts, by. enlisting tho t»er- vlces of the mofct competent national authorities and associations und keep ing in close touch with whatever in ternational bodies arc already In the field. Tlio importance of forming national committees of Intellectual co operation was particularly .stressed — such committees wcro the host moans of (p-ordlnatlng International work In their own countries, studying how best to introduce tho idea of international understanding into their particular systems of education, and generally acting as a link between the Inter national Committco and its Institute In Paris and tho national authorities and associations. 