LONDON LETTER. ' JMARCH, April SO. iITnderlylhgVaU the plethora of print and discussion on Australia's present financial problem,' lies the universal basic conviction of the 'public of Great Britain that-now Australia has begun to set her house in order things will 'come right somehow', within reason able time. . ' . '.Whether the main trouble that the -world Is suffering , from Is ? over pro duction of the staples of Human life and Industry 19 a puzzle, but there is much sympathy in -the average man's heart for the Commonwealth, faced as she Is with the urgent need of re ducing her whole scale of living. The increase of the Commonwealth's pop ulation by 20 per cent.' In tbe last de cade, at any rate, indicates a virility that overcomes even the wastage of flitting Immigrants, and if the worst of the world's. present stress has 'been seen, the establishment or new manu facturing Industries in Australia should ' do much to change the pic ture. ' .... The present tense situation as it bears unon different classes here, af fects the trading interests in some proportions rather diversely. For In stance, one hears In the textile trade of arms that have been accustomed to doing a large and regular business in cloth export to Australia, scrambling like email boys for a £500 credit, at a time when business is otherwise en Urely suspended. Another case Is mentioned, when a machinery manu facturer has sold some high priced machinery io an Australian party, 'but can find no bank to meet the draft in payment thereof. It is suggested that, in order to remedy such a sit uation, the Commonwealth Govern ment should borrow from the British Government, and' allocate gold In Aus tralia for that purpose. Doubtless some solution will be found after the temporary check. It is Interesting to know that It was an Australian who Is claimed to have been the source of Mr. Baldwin's in spiration in proposing a referendum to nettle the Question of food taxes. It had been suggested that Lord Beaver brook himself had originated this idea, but apparently Mr. H. Leslie Boyce. M.P.. who won the Gloucester seat at the lost election put the suggestion to Mr. Baldwin early in February, prior to a deputation from the Empire In dustries Association waiting on the late Premier. Mr. Boyce's proposal was then turned down, but be persist ed In Introducing it In various quar terB, and Lord Beaverbrook, as a mat ter of fact, made his great speech at Gloucester, the seat which Mr. Soyce represents. More recently'' Mr. Boyce again saw Mr. Baldwin, and tbe seed was again sown, with the result known. All this, of course, is not to say that Britain will have the refer endum! as tradition, on the basis of which the Englishman largely moves, Is agaliiBt its use. In the death this month of Mr. E. B. Tredwen, eetalor partner of the firm of Gilbert J. McCaul and Co., Ltd., London, Australia loses one of its best known ngures In Anglo-Australian business circles. For years Mr. Xred »en was Chairman of tbe Australian and New Zealand section of the Lon don. Chamber of Commerce, and also Chairman of the Merchants Committee of the Chamber; likewise Chairman of the Australian and New Zealand Merchants Association from the found ation of that body. He was an old authority on shipping, and fought hard for the favorable adjustment of Australian shlDDln? freights. Australian butter producer!, may be Interested to hear that there Is a strong campaign' In' course of organis ation in England against butter blend Ing . The campaign may. oe regarded a a section of the general movement for merchandise marking, and the di rect aim of the promcters of this lat est branch of the agitation Is for the Imposition of an Order In Council re quiring or mark of origin to be applied tn the case of all blended butters. Dominion butter producers may know hat butter blending Is the practice of applying hitherto to the marketing of the bulk of England's Imported but ter. There Is a number of large butter blending firms In existence whose Bole occupation is the expert rendering of a consistent and uniform quality of butter composed of a number of con stituent qualities. Including 'all kinds of the imported article, Including Aus tralian. New Zealand, Argentine, Si berian, Danish, etc. It has been urged that this blending practice has been the createst barrier In the way of the marketing of Dominion butters under their own name. On the other hand, butter blending has been the means by which Dominion nutters In bulk have been so thoroughly disseminated nmonc all the population of Great Britain at a moderate price, and therefore In the greatest quantity, which is the main consideration of the producer. A butter consumer'' Vigi lant Committee has bc.n formed In ' ? : ? ; ? i connection with the present agitation, but it ia supposed tlrat when lim ' movement comes to a certain stage or .ts progress, expert testimony will ..ov Unit butter blending cannot be —together discouraged, in as much as . 1b the only means of securing cheap nutter for the millions of Great ,rllaln. At any rate, the practice o( fraudulent substitution by which some dishonest retailers and othera sell blended butter under wrappers sug gesting hor,.u farm' origin, eipuld cer tainly be checked. Gum and wattlo blossom paintings ' formed the principal- decoration of St Columbas' Church last week, on the occasion of the marriage of Mr. n. Douglas Blrdwood and Miss Phyllis Rose Robinson. The bride Is the elder daughter of Sir Thomas and Lady Bilbe Hoblnson, and the bridegroom ts the son of Lt-Col. G. T. Blrdwood, of Walmer. Kent. The reception won held at the May Fair Hotel, among the guests being Sir Hlchard Plender. Countess Jelllcoe. Lady Ashrield, and Mrs. E. H. /Macartney (wire of tbe Agent -General) .and many others. Miss Florence Austral is to give 12 performances this year at the Berlin. State Opera. It is admittedly In Wa gnerlan parts that Miss Austral made her justly line reputation, but as Alada she is also excellent, and this is one of the parts which she will sing in Germany. The Lyceum Club gave a farewell reception to Miss Austral and her husband, Mr. John Amadio this week. Just prior to their leaving for South Africa and Australia. Recent visitors from Queensland have Included: Mr. H. G. Brooks (Mackay), Miss enelllng (Brisbane), Mrs. MacDlarmld (TownBvllle), Miss Marie CuUinane o( Brisbane. Mr. Croxford E. McDonald (Yandlna), Miss Marjorle A. Perrett (Kubunga), Mr. Robert Davles (Mlrrlwlnnl, via Cairns). Miss Leolyn Nlcol. Mr. E. V. Noad (Brisbane), Mr. R. O. Toung bel-g (Brisbane). Mr. H: Von Ploen nles (Brisbane), Mr. Bossock (Bris bane) Mr. P. J. ' Dillon (Bris bane^, Dr. M. Macnamara (Bris bane). Miss E. McKcnna (Brisbane). Miss A. McKenna (Brisbane), Mr. H. E. Garravay. Dr. D. W. McLeod (Brisbane), Mr. J. B. Williamson (Brisbane). Mr. J. J. Johnston (Bris bane), Miss E. F. Johnston (Bris bane), Mrs. Fanny M. Hastie (Bris bane), Mr. Maltland Hastie (Bris bane), Mrs. Joan B. Watson (Bris bane), Miss K. Campbell-Brown, Mrs. L. G. Hurlbutt (Brisbane), Mr. G. I Hurlbutt (Brisbane), Mlna. H. Mark . (Brisbane), MIes N. Macnlsh (Bris bane). Mrs. Lyon (Brisbane). Mr. I LtndBay George of Maryborough, Major and Mrs. Macleod of Lsngreach, Mr. Arthur Andrews (Clifton). Doris: 'Ift no use waiting one on 'im, Glad. I 'eppen to know Vi a confirmed -wonun-tter.'. ? — 'London Opinion.' Doris: 'Ift no use waiting one on 'im, Glad. I 'eppen to know Vi a confirmed -wonun-tter.'. ? — 'London Opinion.' 