HISTORY IN SHIPS. (By 'Junius.') The following reports of the arrival of the emigrant ship Gutenberg at Keppel Bay, and of the Star Queen at Moreton Bay are taken from the "'Morning Bulletin"' of 8th April, 1871: — GUTENBERG. The ship Gutenberg left Hamburg on the 16th December, 1870, went down the Elbe and anchored at Cux- haven: weighed anchor on the 20th. and put to sea. Had squally weather till the end of December; on the 1st January spoke the English ship Cher- well in lat. 27.53, long. 22.24; on the 8th, spoke the Swedish ship William Ann and the Iron King, an English vessel; on the 10th passed a Danish brig and a Norwegian barque, names unknown; on the 11th January crossed the line. On the 19th spoke the English ship Coeur de Lion from London, bound for Adelaide; passed several other vessels, but did not speak with them. Sailed as far south as 46 degrees ; ar- rived off King's Island, Bass's Straits, ou the 10th March, 1871, and anchored in Keppel Bay under Sea Hill on the 24th March. The weather was gener- ally fine from the commencement of the new year throughout the voyage, and she had contrary winds only on the Australian coast. The Gutenberg brings a lot of immi- grjinls, chiefly Scandinavians and Schleswig-Holsteiners. There are about thirty Germans and a few Swiss. She left Hamburg with 220 immi- grants, equal to 202 statute adults, and arrived in Keppel Bay with 198½ statute adults, there having been six deaths (four adults and two infants) and three births during the voyage. Three families (German), comprising about seventeen souls, are for Bris- bane—and the remainder of the immi- grants are for Rockhampton. The Government steamer Mary left Rockhampton on Saturday, 25th March, at 2.30 p.m., with W. H. Wise- man, Sub-Immigration Agent, Dr. Sal- mond (health officer), Mr. Feez (agent of the vessel), Mr. Horn, and (through the courtesy of the Immigration Com- missioner, Mr. Wiseman) the repre- sentatives of the Press, on board and reached the Gutenberg shortly before 8 p.m. The health officer put off in a boat, went on board the Gutenberg, and after questioning the doctor, and making a careful examination of his log, granted pratique, and the Mary then steamed alongside and moored on to the ship for the night. Mr. Wise- man at once made the necessary ar- rangements with Captain Braren for the mustering of the immigrants early on the following morning, so as to bring them up to town by the after- noon's tide. fAt 7.30 a.m. on Sunday Mr. Wise- man took his seat at a small table on thepoop of the Gutenberg, and the im- migrants were called up one by one in the order of their names on the In- migration Agent's roll, and each per- son was asked if there was any com- plaint against the captain, the sur- geon, or any of the officers of the ship. Mr. Wiseman himself put the ques- tions to those of the immigrants who could speak German, and Mr. Horn, jeweller of this town, who is a North Sleswig man, acted as interpreter for the Scandinavians. The most prompt and unreserved expressions of satis- faction as to the conduct of the ship's officers were given in every case but one — the complainant being the head of a family, who commenced the voy- age in the capacity of constable, but considering himself aggrieved — so we are informed — because medical com- forts were not served out with that frequency and liberality which he had been led to expect, complained of the surgeon's conduct, and was disrated as constable in consequence. The com- plaint will, of course, be inquired into officially, but from what we could gather of the circumstances, we have but little doubt that it has been made in error. By 9.30 the roll had been called over, and all the immigrants destined for this port transferred to the Mary. The saloon was found to be roomy, and comfortably fitted up, in the after-part ot the ship, having sleeping apartments on both sides, and two hospitals at the stern end. The deck is roomy and commodious. The im- migrants' berths are between decks. Those aft, in a rather crowdy and im- perfectly ventilated compartments, having been allotted to the single wo- men; next in order were the berths occupied by the families, and next again, the single men's quarters. These last were everthing to be de- sired — very commodious, well lighted, and well ventilated. The result of the inspection was on the whole satis- factory, although in some respects there did not appear to have been that regard for sanitary measures which are required by law in all emi- grant ships sailing from the British Isles. The Gutenberg is a smart-looking full-rigged iron ship. She was built at Newcastle, and purchased by the present owners in London. Her pres- ent voyage from Hamburg having been made in 98 days (from Cuxhaven in 94 days) is a sufficient proof of her sailing qualities. We have made a classification of the immigrants, and find the ship sailed with 45 adults (married), 120 single men, 19 single women, and 36 children, equal to 202 statute adults. There were six deaths on the pas- sage, being in most cases from chest disease, the patients haying left home for their health. There were four immigrants suffering from chest com- plaints on the arrival in Keppel Bay — two of these requiring to lay up for a time, have been sent to our hospi- tal. There were three births during the voyage, so that the immigrants on reaching the Bay in number were equal to 198½, statute adults. As three families are bound for Brisbane, the number brought up to Rockhamp- ton was about 185. There was one death from typhus fever during the early part of the voyage, and there were no less than 22 cases of measles, most of which had developed them- selves before the ship left Hamburg. There were no deaths from measles, and, the last case was not later than 2nd February. The immigrants consist chiefly ot farm' labourers and domestic servants (though the number of single women is not over 17). There are a few bricklayers, one mason, one cooper, one wheelwright, a few shoemakers, one saddler, and one or two tailors. They are a fine sturdy lot of people, and appeared to have conducted them- selves in an unexceptional manner on board ship, as no complaints have been heard against them, and they speak well of the officers of the ship. They speak very highly of the captain, whose word appears to have been law. Dr. Strehz re- ceived a very highly flattering ad- dress from the Scandinavians, ex- pressing their entire satisfaction with his conduct (as well as that of all the officers of the ship), and especially acknowledging the kind- ness and humanity he had always shown to them, and to all the pas- sengers, which in a great measure had contributed to the safe arrival at their port of destination. The captain received an equally flatter- ing recognition of his great care and attention towards the passengers, from the Germans on board, who took the opportunity to assure him that if he remained in their adopted Fatherland, they would do every- thing in their power to show him the respect they entertained for him. We refer to these addresses with the greatest satisfaction, more espe cially as we understand that Dr. Strehz intends to take up his resi- dence amongst us. He is a German by birth, but has lived for some years in Australia, and in England, and speaks English fluently. His professional attention has been chiefly devoted to diseases of the eye. Captain Braren, who is a Dane, speaks English well, and there are a few of the immigrants who are not wanting in this necessary accom- plishment. The greater number of them, however, have yet to learn our language, and on this account will find considerable difficulty at first in procuring profitable employment. They were brought up from the Bay on Sunday afternoon, reaching the railway wharf shortly before 4 o'clock, and in half an hour were marched off to the depot. STAR QUEEN. The Star Queen, Black Ball immi- grant ship, 832 tons, Captaan L. Evans, left Liverpool on December 22nd 1870, with 222 immingrants, for Maryborough. She arrived at Cape Moreton on the momiug of 20th March, 1871. The wind not then be- ing favourable, she hove to under the Cape until the flood tide mae. She then stood in and rounded Com- boyuru Point about 4 p.m., and would probably reach the bar last night. Last eveuiug, the steamer Governor Blackall was dispatched to the Bay for the purpose of bringing the pas- sengers up to-day. The Star Queen was originally intended to land her passengers at Maryborough, but as the Reichstag, with about 300 pas- sengers, has recently visited that place, it was deemed desirable to al- ter her destination to Brisbane, and she accordingly came into port yes- terday. She has made a very excel- lent run of 88 days from Liverpool a passage that has seldon been ac- complished between that port and Moreton Bay. The passengers are under the medi-i cal superintendence of Dr. A. R. Miller, Miss Davidson acting as mat- ron. There are 27 full-paying, 91 assisted, 70 free, and 33 remittance passengers. Of these there are 117 English, 43 Scotch, 57 Irish, and 2 foreigners. There are 22 married and 62 single men; 23 married and 80 single women; 15 boys and 14 girls under 12 years of age, 4 male and 2 female infants: total, 103 males and 119 females. The occu- pations of the free and assisted pas- sengers are thus classified:—Female domestic servants, 73; famr labour- ers, 28; shepherds, 1; groom, 1; gardeners, 3; bookseller, 1: miner, 1; tinsmiths, 1; baker, 1: joiner. 1: fitter, 1; carpenters, 8: wheelwright, 1\. The saloon passengers are:— Miss Marion A. E. Hugette, Mrs. Miller. Second saloon:—W. Hinsan, and 219 in the steerage. Of the free and remittance passen- gers about 40 artisans—that is in- cluding the members of three fami- lies— are under engagement to Mr.r. Boit, and to the Queensland Meat Preserving Company, to work at their respective meat-preserving ea- tablishment. Thirty of the pas- sengers have been sent for by their friends. DRAMATIC RESCUE. — One of the crew of the steamer Knebworth, being brought ashore in a bos'n's chair, when the vessel was wrecked near Biarritz. That it can be rough in the Mediterranean, this picture plainly shows. 