GENERAL NEWS. Hockey Match.—-The following will be the Old Scholars' hockey team to play against the Present Scholars, on Tuesday, August 12th, at 2.15 at the, high school grounds:—Misses J. Perry, A. Wilkins, K. Brown, D. Uarry, R. Spencer, M. Hilton, T. Petherick, M.. Piercy, P. Herbert, L. Lime, M. Tucker. Personal.—Mr VaL Robertson, the well-known teacher of music at Ka dina, has received an appointment in Perth, W.A., as organist and choir master, and also master of music at the Guildford Grammar School Mr Ro bertson has been resident in the town for over a year, and has been active in musical and other circles during that period. He is expecting to leave shortly to take up his new duties.—Mr ; O. K. Sandercock, of the Federal Elec- ; loral Department, Kadiria, has received notice of transfer, and ivill be leaving Kadina very soon. He has been pro minent in football and athletic circles, and will be missed by many friends. Cap Race Meeting.—With the pro mise of fine weather for Saturday, the Kadina and Wallaroo Jockey Club is looking forward to a successful meeting. Good acceptances have been received for the seven events on the card, and there should be excellent racing on a drying course. In accordance with a promise made last year, Mr "Son" Hearne, of Melbourne, has donated a trophy for the "Cup" event, consisting of a handsome case of cutlery. This should be much appreciated by the winner. Mr Jock Richardson has also again been generous, nad has given an acceptable silver plated tea and coffee service for the Richardson Handicap. Mr Richardson has proved himself a patron in more than name, and thpugh not resident in the district, is a practical and staunch supporter of the club. A Chimney Fire.—Some excitement was caused at Kadina on Wednesday last, August 6th, at 10 minutes to three ia the afternoon, when the fire syren sounded a prolonged call of alarm. The brigade responded with promptitude, and were quickly on the spot, corner of Digby and Milne streets, where it was found .that- a chimney of Mr W. A. Young's residence was well alight. Members of the brigade scrambled up on the roof, to the accompaniment of good-natured banter from the crowd that had quickly gathered. With the aid of fire extinguishes the trouble was i at once got under control, and the ! crowd dispersed when it was seen that j nothing sensational had occurred or j was about to happen. A hint to oc- j cupiers to have their chimneys swept i regularly, is not out of place, and some | of the unemployed might make a few | shillings in this direction. | Cowell News.—Our Cowell corres pondent, under date of August 5th, writesLovely rains have wonderfully improved the season's outlook, and the barren land has changed its appearance. The crops are coming on very nicely, in fact some are looking really well, while others are now beginning to cover the ground. The farmers' outlook is encouraging, and with late rains the ! season should be a fair one. You meet the farmers with a smile and a hearty shake of the hand now, and they are quite anxious to tell each other the glad news. - Good rains have fallen in our district also, and feed is coming on nicely, with crops growing rapidly, The overseer of this District Council has given up £25 of his salary per an num. These are the kind of men we want in this district, and other places, too. Death of Mr Jas. Hooper.—An old resident in the person of Mr James Hooper, died at Lipson road, Wallaroo Mines, on Friday, August 8th, at the age of sixty years. The deceased was born at Kadina, in January, 1870, but for the major portion of his life he re sided at Yelta. For a period he worked at Broken Hill, and spent about ten years at Kalgoorlie, eventually com ing to Wallaroo Mines, where he worked for the old Mining & Smelting Co. He was well known in the dis trict, and generally esteemed. As an ardent member of the Mines Methodist church he was also highly respected. He leaves a widow and two sons (Ronald and Vivian). The funeral will take place this afternoon, when the Rev. F. Greig will officiate. Mr G. R. Haddy will have charge of the arrangements. Kadina. Mayor's Relief Fund—At the Kadina Council Chamber, on Thursday afternoon last, a meeting of the com mittee of the Mayor's Relief Fund took place. The secretary' (Mr L. A. Bowes) reported upon a number of cases that had been investigated, and to most of whom relief had been granted, chiefly in the form of clothes and blankets or firewood. The secre tary's action was approved. Mr Bowes then tendered his resignation, owing to leaving the State, which was accepted on the motion of Messrs J. N. .Pedler and J. H- White, and also re solved that a record of Mr Bowes' services be placed on the minutes. On the motion of Rev. F. Greig and Mrs H. D. Shanks, the Rev. J. L. Bond was appointed secretary and treasurer. Other aDpications for relief were then considered, and granted with the excep tion of one or two -cases. An Interesting Debate.—There was a large attendance at the Bute memorial hall on Thursday, July 31, when a debate in connection with the local literary society took place be tween a team from Snowtown and Bute. Mr E. W. Bettess (president) was in the chair. Owing to unavoid able delay, the debate did not begin till close on 9 o'clock. The question at issue was:—"Have modern inventions helped to increase happiness?" Snow town had the affirmative, and Bute the negative, and the time was 15 minutes for each speaker. A good debate en sued, the audience keenly following the ararunifits of the six speakers. At the conclusion, the adjudicator (Mr T. A; Berndt, Kadina) made the following awards:—(Snowtown) E. Tapliii 78 points, Gitchem 61, Lines 68, team work 20; total, 227 points. (Bute), C T. Piper 74, H. Marker 81, Jas Trengove 76, team .work 20; total, 251 points. Bute thus won ?the debate. A-vote of thanks was tendered the adjudicator at the instance of Messrs J. Trengove, C. T. Piper and E. Taplin. Stowaways From Australia.—Caoe town advises that the twelve stowa ways from Australia, who arrived in South Africa on the cargo vessel Templemead, have been detained at the immigration depot, Durban. They in clude a Mr Botting, who was formerly a member of the British Secret Service, and is an O.B.E. Another man stowed away three months ago with his wife and three children, and was sent back from Colombo. A third1 man is a j member of eight trade unions. j Useful Rain Again.—August is mak ing up for the deficiency of the earlier months, and good rain has fallen right from the outset. Fiftj'-eight points were registered at Kadina on Saturday and Sunday last, and another change brought more of the welcome moisture on Tuesday and Wednesday, 17 and 33 points falling on those respective days, with another couple of points on Thursday, making 110 points for the month to date. This is most satisfac tory, and the rain is penetrating the sub-soil, which it had not done for a considerable while. At going to press on Friday night, conditions appeared to be favorable for a pleasant week end. Toe H.—Following on the recent lec ture on Toe H by the State Padre. Rev. T. T. Reed, at Kadina, and with the object of making the movement more j widely known, a meeting is to take i place at the Taylor Street lecture hall, ! rear of the Methodist church, -on I Monday evening August 11th, at 6.30 i o clock. All men interested in Toe H are invited to be present. The meeting will be of a social character; men are asked to bring their own food, and hot tea will be provided. The reason for the early hour of meeting is, that men who have other engagements on the same night may have the opportunity of attending them subsequently. A short address will be delivered by the .Rev. J. L. Bond, who will explain the ' ■aims of Toe H, and initiate a discussion I jn reference to the formation of a Pro- I visional Group. A good attendance of ■ men from 16 years upwards is desired. I Old Scholars' Week K.M.H.S.O.S. Association.—Next week the old | scholars of the Kadina Memorial High School are celebrating old scholars week. On Sunday evening, August 10, in the Taylor Street Methodist Church at 6.30 o clock, an old scholars' service will be held. The preacher will be Pastor A. C Kilhnier, an old scholar. All old scholars and their friends are invited to be present, and seats will be reserved for old scholars. Special music will be rendered by the choir, assisted by old scholars. *On Tuesday' August 12th, at 2.15 p.m., the annual football match (boys) and hockey and basket ball (girls) will take place at the high school. At 2 p.m., before the matches commence, the newly erected training shed will be officiallv opened by the chairman of the high school council (Dr. S. E. Holder). Old scholars and the public" are invited to this ceremony. In the evening of the same day, the annual dinner ■will take place at the Arcadia cafe, at 7.30 Tickets for this are 3/6, and old scholars who may bring their wives or husbands, as the case mav-be, are asked to let the secretary (Mr Geo. Moyle) know by Saturday, August 9th, if they require tickets. Millennium Grain.—It will be remem bered by farmers and others that Mr D. N. Martin, of .Pittenween, now of Largs Bay, imported some of the fam ous Millennium wheat and'other Danish grain. In this connection,.. Mr A. Muggleton,. of Tamworth. N.S.W., writes:—"The samples of wheat, oats and barley arrived safely on July 19th. j 11 sowed them at once in my garden, j j close to a well, so that I can water them if necessary. If you hare any samples of any special kinds in future, please send them along."—Mr A. T* Seaman, of Beckom, N.S.W., also ■writes:—-"I am pleased you are inte rested in the wheat you sent me. I sowed 12 acres with the eight bushels of Millennium and 90 lbs of super. I j think it is going to be very thick, for -it is lying on the ground like a carpet, and the blades are very fine. The Danish Queen looks a nice, clear grain but not so large as the Millennium I sowed the samples, although rather too Jate to give them a fair trial, and will turn out."—Mr Martin further inti iet ycu know at harvest time how they mates that in all probaility lie will have I a stand of gram at the Kadina Show in October next. j 