NEW HOPE FOR NEGRO RACE The Melting Pot That is Harlem DIFFERENCES BEING ADJUSTED There is new hope for the negro race born in the melting pot that is Harlem. Pride in racial heritages upheld and West Indian and Southern Negroes are adjusting rivalries and differences on lines that promise a settlement of the deeper colour problem. The subject is dealt with by Bever ley Smith in the New York "Herald Tribune." If the negro population of Harlem were translated to a fertile isle in the mld-Paclflo (ho writes) it would still havo its racial problems. Most whites think of It merely as "tho Black Beit" —a homogeneous group of negroes, tho largest in the world, living to gether . in full harmony and under standing. As a matter of fact tho negro section of Ilarlcm is a melting pot with as strange and varied a brow as that of white New York. About C0.000, or nearly 25 ' per cent of tho negroes in Ilarlom have come from British, French, Dutch, Portu guese, or Danish civilisations in tlio Cnrrlboan region. Theso are referred to generally ns West Indians. The largest clement conies from the Brit ish West Indies. Each group has brought along its own ncccnt, wholly different from that of tho American negro. There are small sections in Harlem where Spanish or French aro spoken almost exclusively in the homes. .INTRA- RACIAL FEELING WANES. Each national element as W. A. Domingo has said in his article In "Tho Survey," is divided from the others "by tradition, historical background, and group perspective." Tho West In dian negro in general Is less exuberant than his American cousin, moro seri ous, more ambitious and more acquisi tive. Sometimes he considers hltnsolf as rather "above" tho American negro, but in this lie is repaid with interest, becauso the American negro lias a strong individuality and prido of his own. Ho is also a distinctly American product, and shares tlio whlto Ameri can's scorn for foreigners of any kind. ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®S®®®®®®®®®< Sometimes ho calls tho West Indians "aliens," or "cockneys," or "pessi mists." Ho has also a gift of humour and derisive laughter, which tho West Indian often lacks. ' But this Jntra-rnclal ill-feeling lias diminished notably in tho last fow years. Tlio quota law has cut down tho heavy immigration from foreign dependencies, thus dulling the odgo of oconomlc rivalry. At tlio same time tlio more Intelligent members of each group have had a chance to como to gether and understand each other. The negro section of Harlem also has a hundred subtle differences of viewpoint between southern negroes from different States and of different rnclnl mixture. In tho steady healing of theso differences there is a hopeful omen for tho solution of tho graver problem between white and coloured. HARLEM BRINGS NEW HOPE. In this brief survey emphasis has often been' placed on tho gloomy side of the picture ; tho economic depression tho low wages and high rents, unem ployment, housing congestion, and re sulting ill-health, delinquency and misery. Tills has been done because this side of the story is so llttlo known. But there Is another side. As Alain Locke, the brilliant negro scholar lias said in "Tho Survey," Harlem cannot bo considered as merely a bundle of statistics. Harlem in tho last decade has been a kind of Intel lectual capital for tlio aspiring negro; In it have been born a new hope, a new determination, a new race conscious ness and a now prido in tlio racial heritage. ' ®®®®®®®S®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®3 About Ilarlom as a centre have gathered tho negro intellectual and ar tistic loaders — poets such as Langston Hughes, Countee Cullon, Joan Toomer and Claudo McKay; novelists and short story writers such as Walter Whlto, Rudolph Fisher, Nella Larsen, Jessie Fausot, and W. E. Burgliardt Du Bols, tho last named ranging through nil literary fields, but devot ing ills chief energies to general bottor- (nent of tho situation of the coloured people. Also such essayists ns James Wel- don Johnson (also a novelist), George Schuyler, Alain Locke, Charles S. Johnson, Abraham L. Harris, and Franklin Frnzler; musicians such ns Harry Burleigh, tho leading composer, and Rosamund Johnson, Carl Dlton, W. C. Handy, and Hall Johnson. MANY STAGE PERFORMERS. On tlio dramalto and concert stage tlio negro stars aro too well known to need detailed mention hero. To mime a few at random, there aro Pan Itnbp- 1 son, Roso McClondon, Robin ' 'l ives, Taylor Gordon, Nina Mao Mi-ximicy and Frank Wilson. Not all of those who havo hecn mentioned live in Harlem, but all of thorn have been influenced by Har lem's life. Tho community there has served to heighten their consciousness or to stimulate their ambitions, or to give them a wealth of rare racial ma terial. There. arc In Ilarlom about 125 negro doctors, with first class professional training, graduates of Howard Univer sity or tho standard white medical schools. They aro not yet patronised as fully as they should be by their own people. Many of the negroes go to whlto doctors, not all of whom aro a credit to their race. Most of tho negro physicians, combining sound skill with warm personality and sympathy, aro splendidly fitted for their profession. Tho lawyers, well educated and equipped also, havo a harder time of It because they rare under the handi cap of practising in courts conducted bywhltes where, with all Intent of goodwill, a certain colour prejudice still lingers. Most of them are making a bare income, or piecing out an in sufficient income with other work. But they are ready, as colour bars aro gradually lowered, to take an honour able and important place. SOCIAL AGENCIES CO-OPERATE Negroes at' the same time aro tak ing tile lead .in socinl agencies for tho improvement of their own people. Tlio National Association for tlio Advance ment of Coloured People is too well known for detailed description here. It is fighting all along tho line for the right of the coloured man to equality of opportunity and- justtco before tho law. Organisations such as tho Now York Urban League, a branch of tho Na tional Urban Lcngue, tho Y.M.C.A., the Y.W.C.A., tho Utopia Neighbourhood House, tlio community houses of the churches and several other bodies are working together on the social and cconomia problem. In tho manage ment of many of theso whites and negroes nre associated, whilo In tho operating staffs negroes largely pre dominate or mako up tho entire staffs. Tlio Y.W.C.A., for Instance, has a membership of 2,000 and serves a much larger public through its employment department and cafeteria. It has a school where women aro trained in occupations ranging from expert cook ery to beauty parlour, skilled secre tarial or interior decorating work. In this work aro such women as Mrs. Cecelia Saunders, general secretary, and Mrs. Emma S. Penn, educational director. In New York Urban Lenguo, to' men tion just a few whom the- reporter In terviewed, aro such workers as James E. Hubert, executive secretary: S. A. Allen, industrial secretary, and Alone D. Slmpklns, social worker, recently come hero from the South. The case of Mr. Hubert la interest ing as indicating the progress made by some negroes in sixty-seven years of freedom. Ills father, Zachnry Hubert, who died a short time ago at tho nge of eighty, was born in slavery on a plantation in Georgia. "Old Zacli" was the close and valued friend of his master. He was enlightened and in telligent in ills own right. ' Of his seven sons, all college graduates, two to-day are college presidents, ono is a high school principal, one is a prominent pastor, another Is a successful business man in ITnrlem, one is studying busi ness administration in New York, and ono is Mr. Hubert of the Urban League. Thoro can hardly ho serious despair of progress in a family like this. Tlio work of tlio lending ministers has already been mentioned. Tho Har lem League, a branch of the New York Federation of Churches, is work ing to assist in tho oo-ordination of their efforts. The hard-working execu tive secretary Is a white man, .-tho Rev, Paul E. Baker, chaplain of Fisk Uni versity. studying in New York for ills doctorate. The work of the Ilarlcm League has boon baited In the last few days because of a misunderstanding between it and llio negro ministers about the wording of a report prepared by ono of the league secretaries. It is hoped that tills may bo smoothed out by frank discussion. Also on tho credit side of tho lodger must be mentioned the thirty-odd negro chain stores, part of a national organisation, recently established in irariein. It is too early to say whether they will bo successful, but they get around many of tho difficulties of In dividual buying by negro grocers and glvo negro employees a chance to learn economics of retailing. NEGRO POLICE EFFICIENT. Tho negro merchants nro also fairly well in tlio meat markets, undertaker parlours, barber shops and beauty par lours. It is a curious thing that the negro harbor shop fro whito patrons hns disappeared in tho North, because tho proprietor of such a shop cannot refuse to serve a member pf his own race, nor can he, with tlio race pro- Judlco which survives, operate a mixed shop. But ho docs well In Harlem. Tho sovonty-elght negro policemen in Harlem, according to reports from white and coloured sources, are a orcdit to tlio race. They aro ablo and effi cient. They understand particularly well liow to deal with tlio unfortunates or delinquents of their own raco. Ac cording to one reliable observer, there is no discernible race foellng of any kind between tlio whito policemen and their negro colleagues. They liko and respect encli other. By the same token, negro school teachers and negro workers In llio city departments reccivo fair and. equal treatment, according to what this re porter lias learned, Tlio negro teacher Is not employed ns a negro, but as a teacher, and ho or she teaches white children as well as coloured. This is an idea that sometimes encounters bit ter opposition from Southerners who will, elsewhere, aver: "I learned more from my old negro mammy than from any other education I evor had." There aro also the Negro news papers, weeklies, which publish news of Harlem and of Negroes everywhere in tho United States. Their staffs ore composed throughout from copy boy to publisher, by Negroes. Somo of these aro : "The New York Age," "Amster dam News," "New York News," "Harlem Reporter and Bronx Chroniclo," tho socinl gossip sheet, "Tho Tattler," and "Tlio Negro World." Tlio last named, subsidised from "Edelweiss," the country home of Marcus Garvoy, Provisional Presi dent of Africa, still strives with indif ferent success to keep alight tlio fires of Garvoyism which burned in the street parades of 1925. GENEROUS TOWARD WHITES. Tho other papers emphasise Negro news and give prominent space, naturally, to Injustices toward Negroes, but they are generous In chronicling also cases where whites have helped or defended Negroes, - Turning again to tho debit side, there is tho fact that great numbers of trained and ablo Negroes cannot got work in New York. In the South many whlto men havo a traditional contempt or scorn for tho Negro race, coupled paradoxically, with an affec tion and esteem for the Negroes whom ho. knows individually. In tho North the whlto man admits tho racial equality of tho Negro, but, through fear and distrust engendered by strangeness, discriminates against the Negro as an individual. In tho South tho white man will readily leave his food, his riches, tho medicines for his health, tho care of his children in tlio chargo of a Negro. In New Y'ork whito people who know nothing of Negroes are afraid to leavo a coloured man in the house, just as they would bo afraid to leave an East Indian, a Chinese, an American In dian, or a Japanese. It is a perfectly natural human fear, but it must bo reckoned ag part of the problem. Theso races would havo tho same feeling toward a whito man. There is also tho economic rivalry In the trades unions. The Negroes in creasingly enter the unskilled unions, but are barred, often unjustly, from tho skilled trades unions. Tills is a thing that is slowly being adjusted, but often with Ill-feeling. Often the Negroes have to do what is virtually "scabbing" to force recognition. They do not liko it and tho white workers do not like it. . EXPECTS AID FROM WHITES. John E. Nail, Negro real estate leader, successful not only among his own race, but relied on for business estimates and advice on realty values north of 110th Street by many of the big real estate and insurance firms downtown, thinks of it this way : "The Negro can fit into American industry and finance, given a fair chance. Ho cannot start imme diately in high positions, of course, because lie is untrained. He must havo a chance to work shoulder to shoulder with his white brothers, to learn us they have learned, He will not then lie found lacking. "Thoro is the discouraging case qf a young lawyer, a friend of mine, an honour graduate of Y'ale and the Har vard Law School. He has tried to practice for three years In New York. Last month his overcoat was stolen. Ho hns not been able to buy another. "There is something wrong here. Tho American Negroes nro a mixed race, with a heavy infusion of whito blood. They nre a new race. . Their Inheritance Is not only from the fighting stocks of Africa, but some times from the best blood of the old white South. Wo could not, if we would, lie down. We must fight. It Is in our veins. And we think there are white pcoplo who will work with us." It would be presumption for such short articles ns these to take up such complex problems. Whether the Negro can best fit himself for tho mcchanlen, complex, industrial civili sation in which we live, or whether ills gontus fits him for a civilisation more pleasant and polite and humane, is beyond tills reporter. Two of tho aspects of tills debate were presented in "The Survey" four years ago by Melville J. Herskovlts, anthropologist, and Konrad Dorcovlcl, author. Ono tiling is sure: Tho Negro has never yet received the opportunity, en masse, to start from scratch with the white man in our system. But ho has como slowly, ever closer to it. New Y'ork cannot bo entirely ashamed of Its treatment of tho Negroes within Its borders. It has been sometimes unkind. It still denies the Negro tlio fullness of eeonomie equality. Its unions still rule many worthy skilled Negroes out. But It lias given tho scnnltivo Negro a chnnco to hold his head tip. And the groat friendly body of New Y'ork citizenry, tho most fair and tolerant millions In tho world, are trying, under enormous pressure of hereditary pre judice and acquired, attitude, to glvo tho Negro a chance. It Is slow and often backsliding. But it Is rich in hopo for tho future from the efforts of the coloured man himself. If the Negro section of Harlem as wo know it now is swept off tho map by rising land values in ten years, that will justify its cxlstcnec. 