orld in Its Whirl Day by Day \- local, Commonwealth, and Foreign News Epitomised " ""'I Three men were arrested after a raid by detectives on tlie offices of the; Australian Federal Life and General Assurance Co., Ltd., in Sydney. They | are Vivian Partridge (3S), managing! director; Ralph Paul (58). secretary, and James Cochran (42), accountant, j They are charged with having con- j spired to . defraud shareholders and; policy holders of the company. Bail. at £500 each was allowed. i Mrs. King, the widow of a brewer, j has returned lq England after visiting' America in order to marry her step-! son. She said: —"My husband was ; only five when I became the second j wife of. his father. A lawyer told us | we could not marry here, so we went j to tlio I'liitorl Qto^c " \fvc T-Tintr ic : to the ITnitecL States." Mrs. King is j slim and graceful and does not look j her age, which is 55. Her husband is J 35\. i Elaborate gaugings of the Victorian; rivers daring the past three months indicate that the flow in practically; all the important streams is far below the average for the past 40 years. In the Mnfray River the flow for the three months was less than half the ! average for more than 40 years, while i the Eroken River was less than one- * fourth of the ordinary flow average for 44 years. Similar differences were shown in other rivers tested. The j Water Supply Commission points out j that while this condition will have j littie influence on the State's water i supply it must affect the fertility of j lands. \ contribution factor was the J denudation of forests on the water- j sheds. Carelessly undertaken or i shortsighted milling operations, the j clearing of land far more suitable for! forestry than agriculture, and forest j fires had removed thousands of acres j of the forest covering the main water- j sheds, and their ability to retain the i winter rains for protracted release into streams in dry months had thus I been impaired. The Commission urges increased water storage, claim ing that stored water undoubedly sav ed Victoria this year. Stanley Da vies (-1). of West Perth, was Killed, and Gordon Williams, of Victoria Park, was injured when the car in which they were returning to Perth from Bunbury overturned near Serpentine. An Athens message states that fol lowing an explosion in the boiler room, the Italian steamer Frederico Carolla sank within three minutes. Twenty members of the crew of 23 were drowned. James Heeber, a Cantonese, who for many years had been a fruit merchant in Melbourne, and who left that city on the steamer Tauda with the in tention of visiting China, was found di'owned in Sydney Harbour on the day the Tanda left that city. His skull was fractured, and at - first it was thought that he had met with foul play, but after making" investiga tions the police were convinced that he had fallen overboard, striking his head on a projecting ledge on the wharf. In his pockets fSO was found. A sou accompanied Heeber on the boat, bat he knew nothing of the accident. tMr- Kaye Don, the British racing motorist, who was forced by unfavor able conditions to abandon his attempt to break the world's land speed record on Eaytona Beach, states that he will make another attempt to break the raeord next year. Following a raid on a hotel in Chic ago. used as the headquarters of A1 ("Scarface") Capone, Lieut. Blaul stated: "The police found six boxes of cartridges, which had been dipped in something which, knowing these hood lums as I do, 1 presume to be garlic, j Lead and garlic in a bullet would poi- i son the wounded person and start tet-! crms. which would end in death. ■ As if that were not enough, most of the! bullets were of a particularly deadly I type. There is no question that the; bullets were intended as a 'sure death j message' to anybody aimed at." | The aeroplane which brought the] Triuce of Wales to Cairo from Khar tum crashed when setting out to re turn to Khartum. All the occupants were killed. * * * A party of SO Lord Mayors, Lord Provosts and Mayors of various muni cipalities in the United Kingdom which adopted towns and villages in the devasted areas of France, will visit Paris at the end of .May formally to relinquish their trust, as the adop ted areas are now able to support themselves. An important series of [unctions is being arranged. j * * * I Three hundred and fifteen convicts were killed in a fire at the Ohio State; penitentiary and over 200 others were injured. The institution had ac eomaiodatioii for 1,500 convicts and was housing 4.300. The block which was destroyed contained 835 prison ers and it was from the upper tiers of ^elis in this bicck that few or none of -he inmates escaped alive. The fire -s believed to have been deliberately j eaused. The quick spread of the j iames, the slownes of the guards in j throwing open the doors, and the con- ] tusion which hampered the fire fight- i ing apparatus from being used, are j ail hern responsible for the heavy loss j of life. One group of prisoners con sisting of murderers and incorrigibles j distinguished themselves by rescue work, virtually snatching their fellows from the flames. m • * Will Thorn, a Labor rhember of the House of Commons, was married on Saturday for the fourth time. Mr. Thorne, who is seventy years of age, said: "Some friends told me I was silly to marry again. I utterly dis agree. I believe in marriage, and do not care to go to clubs or restaurants in the evenings. I like to have a good pal for walks and at home." * * * A report from Moscow states that five leaders of an economic counter revolution in the Ukraine have been sentenced to death, and 106 others to varying terms of imprisonment. All were accused of bribery and corrup tion, and with attempting to destroy the Soviet economy while occupying positions of trust. Signor Mussolini's nineteen-year old daughter, Edda, was married last week to Count Galeazzo Ciano, the twenty-seven-year-old son of Count Constanzo Ciano, a member of the Fascist Government, who has always been one of Signor Mussolini's staunchest supporters. The King and Queen of Italy and the Pope sent magnificent presents. At the City Court, Melbourne, last week, Fo Wing and Lam Fung, mem bers of the crew of the steamer Tapp ing, were charged with having had 30 tins of opium in their possession. Con stable Alexanderson said that he boarded the Taiping and asked Fo Wing if he had any "dope" that he wanted taken ashore. Not realising that Alexanderson was a constable, Fo Wing agreed, and on visiting the Taiping the next day with another constable, Alexanderson was handed thirty tins of opium. He then re vealed his identity and that of his companion. Fo Wing tried to get out of the cabin, but was handcuffed, and Lam Fung was also handcuffed. Fo Wing called out and other members of the Chinese crew burst into the | room. Alexanderson drew his revolver; and ordered them to stand back, but j they crowded around. When threat ened again, they dropped back and allowed the constables to pass out with their prisoners. Fo Wing was sentenced to six months' imprison ment. The charge against Lam Fung was dismissed. The most ghastly murder in the history of the city occurred last week in a house at the rear of Shanghai's leading hotel. A Chinese watchman, whose attention was attracted by a child's wailing, found the headless body of a male Chines^. A further search revealed six other bodies with the heads severed, or partly severed. Investigations showed that the mur ders were committed by a Chinese cook with a small butcher's chopper, the victims apparently being killed while sleeping. The motive is stated to be revenge, following the employ er's refusal to permit the cook's mar riage wiLli one of the household slave girls. The girl disappeared with the murderer. The only person left alive in the house was a five-year-old girl, who was the favorite of the nun dorer's sweetheart. In a dense fog off Dungeness, the giant German liner Bremen (4(1,0(10 tons) collided with the tanker British Grenadier (7,000 tons). The Bremen was undamaged. The tanker arrived at Deal with two of her tanks leaking. Six women and a child were in jured when a motor track carrying a picnic party, including ten children, collided with a motor car at St. Peters (N.S.W.). The women suffered sevei'e cuts and shock, but were not critically hurt. * * * A A shocking tragedy occurred at the Great Boulder mine last week, when Trainisco Martinelli (40) fell S00 feet down the main shaft. Mar tinelli was a tributor working at the lOCtt. level. A shift boss on a lower1 level saw something fall down the shaft, and on investigating discovered that Martinelli had disappeared. His terribly mutiliated body was found at the bottom of the ijhaft. It is sur mised that Martinelli approached the shaft for some reason and looked ( over the edge, and that the descend-' ing cage struck him. I When a boat capsized on the Nile on April 21, twenty holiday-makers were drowned. While rabbiting with his.father near] Kpping (Victoria). Alphonsus Asker <4), of Preston, was accidently shot.; died from his injuries some ho::;\\- | latei. I It is reported from Budapest that; Alexander Nagy, aged 65, has an-1 nounced to the parish authorities the j birth of his 25th child. Nagy has been! married twice. There were 22 child- I rep of the first -marriage. i The Irish Free State censorship! beard has prohibited the circulation in Ireland of six novels by English authors. The names are being with held until the booksellers have had a chance to return tlieir stocks to the publishers. Wishing to give a shock to friends coining to celebrate his discharge from a luntic asylum, a man at Buda pest connected his bedroom door j handle to an electric light main. Hit wife, opening the door when taking I him breakfast, was instantly electro-! cuted. ! * • « j There has been an epidemic of gas- i tro-enteritis among children in Syd- J ney, and the percentage of deaths hasj been alarming. The Director of Baby I Welfare (Dr. Morris) states that the j number of cases admitted to the; Children's Hospital during the epi demic was 273, of which 111 died. The disease was of a particularly virulent type. It was gratifying, Dr. Morris said, that where baby welfare activities had been carried on the percentage of cases was very low. There was a high percentage of cases among artificially fed infants. Two Danish airmen were drowned when Hying at night from Copen hagen to Warnemunde. Their 'plane came down in the Baltic Sea. A New York message states that Kiiigsford Smith has decided to fly the Southern Cross westward across the Atlantic and will take off from ireiand, where he intends to take the machine, possibly with a period of live weeks. Once he gets to Ireland he will wait only for good weather before making the westward hop. He will carry a radio man and a navi gator, and possibly a second pilot. It is understood that the navigator will [ lie one of the most experienced trans oceanic aviators. When the body of a young woman was taken out of the river Seine, at Troyes (France) it was presumed that she had committed suicide. Inquiries, however, led to the arrest of Georges Grosclaude, who confessed that the woman was his wife, and calmly gave details of the murder. The couple, who had been separated for two years, met accidentally. The husband sug gested a stroll along the river during the evening. When they reached a propitious spot he pushed her into the river. She clutched the reeds and shouted for help. Grosclaude drag ged her out, lit a cigarette, and com manded the woman to follow him. The drenched figure tremblingly obey ed. They continued along the river side until they reached a bridge 30ft. high, when, without a word Gros claude picked up his wife and again threw' her into- the river. When he was quite sure that she w.r: dead he walked home. The United States Senate voted last week to reduce European immigra tion from 150,000 persons annually, to 80,000. ♦ * * Burglars entered the house of \Ir. J. H. Thomas, British Cabinet Min ister, last week and stole jewellery valued at £70. • • « It is reported that the Soviet in tends to engage 2,000 expert Cauadian miners to develop the lead mines in Turkestan. « * * Almost the whole of the State of South Australia benefited last week 1; y a downpour of rain. In many dis tricts seeding operations will begin immediately. Farmers, business men, and the public generally are delighted at the prespect for the season. • * * Driving a four cylinder Bentley car at Brooklauds, Captain Birkin made a lap record of 185.33 miles per hour. This is regarded as a phenomenal achievement, as Brooklands was de signed for a speed not greater than 120 miles an hour. * * * As a result of the holocaust at the Rumanian village of Ivosti on Good Friday, when over 100 persons were trampled or burned to death in a small wooden church which caught fire during a ser'.ice, 24 mothers have become insane and have been sent to an asylum. • • » The Stock Exchange Derby Sweep closed last week with £67,000 worth or tickets sold, compared, with £1, 000,000 last year. The drop is due to the warning issued by' the Secretary for Home Affairs (Mr. J. R. Clynes) that the sweep must be restricted to members only. Each member was al lowed a maximum of 25 tickets. Francis Hedley, a boilermaker em ployed on the Wiluna mines, was shot dead by his wife during a quarrel. It is said that Hedley had been drinking heavily. About seven o'clock on the evening of April 24 he and his wife began to quarrel in the yard at their quarters on the mine leases, and during a struggle a shotgun exploded, the charge striking Hedley in the neck. A doctor was called, but Hed ley was dead when he arrived. Mrs. Hedley, who has an eight-year-old son and a four-year-old daughter, was ar rested. While young persons were dancing in front of the Town Hall at Zidilje (Yugoslavia) on Saturday night, hid den marksmen fired on them from the darkness, killing five of them and in juring six. A Queensland conversion loan of £3,781,700, issued under the authority of the Loan Council, has been under written in London. The terms are 5> per cent, at £97, for a period of six years, but the Queensland Gov ernment has the option of redemption on notice after four years. Reports received by the Chinese au thorities at Shanghai reveal that a terrible massacre occurred at the city | of Kingscuen, in North Kiangsu, on ; Saturday, when more than 1000 per i sons were slaughtered, and a similar number captured by bandits. The j brigands, equipped with 20 machine guns, drove the residents into the streets, where they were mowed down | by rifles and machine guns. Officials who were captured were publicly butchered. Every establishment was looted, and the bandits set fire to the town before their departure. Troops are being despatched to pursue the I looters. 1 * ^ * ■ Seven persons were killed and 20 'injured at Fayctteville (Tennessee), when an aeroplane, which was sweep ' iug over a railway embankment from : which a crowd was watching it stunting, dived and dropped into the ; midst of the crowd. The pilot and two passengers were not injured, for j (.he plane dropped only eight feet. ; Am rug the victims were a woman j a;:;! several children. Many others j were injured hi the stampede of the . frightened crowd. j Following- the arrest of three offi 1 cials of the Australian Federal Life and General Assurance Co., Ltd., in . Sydney. 000 infuriated shareholders : gathered at the office and only the | presence of the police prevented them from attacking one of the prin cipals as he made his way from the building across the pavement to a waiting motor car. Many of the policy holders called at the detective office and told harrowing tales either jc" the loss of their lives' savings or of the hopelessness of gettjng any thing out of their policies, towards which some had made regular pay ments for as long as 30 years. It is understood that a number of commit tees of policy holders have been form ed for the purpose of deciding on a course of action which, it is hoped, will result in some measure of juslii being done (o the losers. Edward Stanland (36) committed suicide by swallowing poison over his wife's grave at the Rokewood ceme tery on Sunday afternoon. He left a note stating his intention and that a post-mortem examination wouft be unnecessary. * ♦ » James Warren (21), of Eumerella, near Orbost (Vic.), collapsed and died at a wedding breakfast given in honor of his bride and himself. His death, it is believed, was due to heart disease. Mrs. Warren collapsed, and is suffering severely from shock. * * *i Frank Kenny (52), formerly a pro minent district cricketer, died in the Melbourne Hospital from injuries re ceived when he was assaulted by an unidentified man in Flinders-street. Kenny was selling racebooks at the time of the assault. The sum of £80 was found in his pockets. The Melbourne police are searching for a motorist whose car knocked down William J. Hall (62), in Glen hnntly-road, Caulfield, and dragged him for 60 feet. It is said that the driver looked out from the side of the car and that a woman who was with him screamed. Hall is suffering from shock. Messrs. Annabel, Bardsley and Wedgewocd, who left Sydney on April 3 on a holiday aeroplane tour around Australia, returned to Sydney on Sunday. Mr. Bardsley said the touj? had been an instructive one, and on it they had learned more about aviation and Australia than they could otherwise have done in ten years. In North Australia their route took them within about 40 miles of the spot where Anderson and Hitchcock met with disaster; but on the advice of residents of Wave Hill they did not deviate from their route to view the scene of the tragedy. Bush fires, they were told, had rav aged the locality, and no trace of the 'plane would be visible. The trip was accomplished in 18 days' flying time. • • '• Six members of McFarlane's circus troupe, which arrived at Deniliquin from Bendigo on Friday last, became ill immediately after drinking tea at the evening meal. One of them, Wil liam Moana (29), died later. It is believed that the tea contained poison. The police are making inquiries. 