TO-DAY;S NEWS IN BRIEF. Queensland. Metropolitan forecast for to-day. -Fine and cool, with light to moderate westerly, veering southerly, wind. Queensland till 6 p.m.-Clearing showers in sub-tropical interior; otherwise generally fine. Cold wave spreading over State from west- wards. Westerly veering southerly ?ninds in the south-east; southerly to south-easterly elsewhere. Tile maximum temperature yesterday in each State capital ñas: Brisbane, 68.5; Sjdncy, 59.1; Melbourne, 55.1; Hobart, 51.0; Ade- laide, 57.2; Perth, 71.4. That the Commonwealth Govern- ment should honour its promise to as- sist the relatives of migrants to join them in Australia, was the contention, made yesterday, of Mr. J. T. Barnes, who, until recently, was for ten years Deputy Director of Immigration at Australia House, London. He said that great care had been taken in the ex- amination of prospective migrants. The Royal Commission on Hospitals vesterday heard the views of the Bris- bane City Council regarding hospital control Opposition was expressed to medical representation on boards The Commission adjourned until to-day. The Vice-Mayor (Alderman A. Wat- son) last night declared the poll of the ballot for a city emblem for Brisbane, which was won by the poinsettia. A meeting of growers at Tully yes- terday decided by 160 votes to 45 to adhere to the agreement arrived at with the A W.U on May 28. Finer weather prevailed throughout Southern Queensland yesterday, with isolated showers in some areas. Mission work was the first obliga- tion of the churoh, said Bishop Batty at yesterday's Synod meeting. Strong indignation was expressed at a public meeting held in the Salisbury Hall last night at the negligence dis- played by the Brisbane Citv Council in the repair and malntena-i.'c of roads in the district. inler-Slale. In the Senate yesterday, the Wheat Marketing, Bankruptcy, and Central Reserve Bank Bills were read a first time. The second reading of the Cot- ton Industries Bounty Bill was further discussed, the debate being adjourned. In the House of Representatives, the second reading of the amending Arbi- tration and Conciliation Bill was de- bated, the Leader of the Opposition (Mr. J. G. Latham) criticising the ob- jectionable features of the measure. An approximate deficit of £3,000,000 In the Customs revenue for the year Is considered likely as a result of the Federal Government's prohibition and rationing proposals. Miss Amy Johnson was entertained at luncheon yesterday by the Mel- bourne Rotary Club. Mr. William Neil M'Kie, BA., Mus. Bac, has been selected as organist to the City of Melbourne. At the Sydney wool sales yesterday 10,459 bales were catalogued, and sales, Including private transactions, amount- ed to 9018 bales. The Sydney City Council election vesterday resulted in a victory for the Reform Party. Torrential rain has fallen In the Lower Hunter River Valley, and the residents are m a serious plight. Low lands have been submerged as far up the Hunter as Singleton. All trains on the main line between Sydney and Newcastle were delayed yesterdav by floods at Wyong and Gos- ford. The mail trains to and from Brisbane ha\e been affected Rev. Father Gilbert, parish priest at St. Brigid's Church, Coogee (NS.W.), was the subject of an attack by two intruders in the church eaily yester- day morning. On arrival at the church ¡he found that two alms boxes had been broken open, and one of the in- truders was noticed crouching behind a pew. International. The English critics are unanimous in their praise of Bradman's wonder ful fighting innings in the Test match 'at Tient Bndge "Once again," says one writer, "Australians have lived up to their reputation of great fighters with their backs to the wall." Captain Ballantine regards the fact that England was able to beat the Aus- tralians without the aid of the "demon" bowler, Larwood, as proof of their superiority to the touiists as a Test match combination. The representative of the Australian Pi ess Association savs: "The Australi- ans lost a gallant fight, the result of which by no means quenches their hopes of a later victory. England won because Tate demonstrated that he is as good a bowler as ever, and be- cause the lail-enders were so immeas- urably superior to the later Australian batsmen." The Australians yesterday began their match against Surrey at the Oval. It is now established that the re- cent tribal outbreaks on the noith-west Iiontier of India were engineered from Peshawar and other centres in British territory by means of unscrupulous and \irulent propaganda by Nationalist agi- tators. The Afrldi tribesmen who retreated before British troops after almost leaching Peshawar jecently, lost 80 killed and 150 wounded. In the House of Commons on Tues- day a question was asked whether the Foreign Office had received a repoit of the firing of four live shells by a Danish gunboat on a Grimsby trawler on May 28\. in Iceland waters. Mr. H. Dalton (Under Secretary to the Foreign Office) said that representations would be made to the Danish Government if it were found that the cucumstances warranted such a course. The British share of the proceeds oi the issue of the German reparations loan will be applied to debt reduction. The body of the late Sir Henry Segrave was cremated at Golder's Green on Tuesday, the funeral being of the simplest nature. A memorial service was held at Westminster. Piesident Hoover on Tuesday signed the Tariff Bill, which provides for 1122 changes, including 887 increases and 235 reductions Important steps are to be taken in Butain, foreshadowing a more vigor- ous national effort to reduce unem- ployment before the winter. The Roumanian Government has in- troduced a new Civil List, under which King Carol will receive £50,000 a year. The Liberal Leader (M. George Bra 1 ano) announced in Parliament that the party would loyally support King Carol. 