NEW ZEALAND. THE POLITICAL TASTGM5. 'HE debate on the Budget, with lis i A implication of n drastic all-round in crease in taxation, and that on the Unem ployment Bill have had the effect of clear ing tip the political situation iu some re spects, hut leaving it still unsatisfactory and a subject ot sheer bewilderment to the average elector. In the debate on the Budget Mr. Coates moved a want-of-con fidenee motion to the cffect that, in the opinion of the llouse, while it recognised that reasonable provision should be made' to balance the Budget, the Government taxation pro)>osals were ill-designed and inequitable. He took special exception to1 the increased petrol tar, to the Customs, amendments as not providing in a suitable manner for European preference and as tending to increase the cost of Jiving, hamper industry, exercise a detrimental effect on production, and increase unem ployment. He explained that, in view of the Labour party's repeated declaration that it prefers the present Government to the Reform party, he did not expect to carry his amendment, but the Reform party desired to see the taxation proposals amended, and entered its protect accord ingly. On a division the amendment was lost by 42 votes to 28. The supporters of the Government included Mr. J. T. Bogan (In dependent) and Mr. Lysnar (Independent. Reform), but against theui were Messrs. J. S. Fletcher (Independent), W. J. Poison (Independent), C. S. Wilkinson (Independent), and Capt. H. M. Rush worth (Country party). The Labour party fled by Mr. Holland) voted solidly with the Government. It did so on very curious grounds. Its leader criticised the Budget very severely, and said that they would vote to turn the United party out on the first opportunity, but would not give a vote that would "bring to this country the disaster of an other term of office on the part of the Reform party." Of course, carrying a want of confidence motion in the present House would not involve the return of the Reform party. _ It would, however, in volve an immediate appeal to the country, and that the Labour party is evidently not prepared to face. (The added duty on petrol has since been reduced from lid. to 2d. a gallon to meet the wishes of Parlia ment.) A CRUCIAL, BY-KLKCTIOA*. The greatest interest is being taken all over the Dominion in the coming election for Invercargill to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Sir Joseph Ward~.lt is a straight-out fight between the Govern ment and the Reform party led by Air. Coates. The candidates are Mr. Vincent Ward, third son of Sir Joseph Ward (United), and Colonel .Hargeot, a popular farmer in the district, with a good record of active service during the war. The local supporters of the Labour party were at first disposed to run a candidate of their own. This would have increased the chances of the Reform candidate, but evi dently some arrangement was arrived at between Mr. Holland and the Government not to split the anti-Reform votes, as a leading member of the Labour party was despatched to Invercargill on the eve of the nominations, and the result was that no Labour candidate was nominated. Colonel Hargeot is carrying on a most vigor ous campaign, emphasising the promises made by the leaders of the United party l>efore the last election, which included "giving the people of New Zealand 70 mil lions more capital without one penny addi tional taxation, direct or indirect, result ing in cheaper finance, small holdings, lower taxation, free imported foodstuffs, em ployment for all, and happiness and pros perity." The actual performance in the wliape of increased debt and debt charges, drastic additional^ taxation, and heavy in crease in the registered number of unem ployed is, of course, effectively pointed out. Mr. Ward's paternity is naturally a strong factor in his favour. He declares that he docs not want a sympathy vote, but says It was the wish of his father tliat he should represent the district for the re mainder of this Parliament. Whichever way the verdict goes the election will ob viously be of great interest and importance, as showing the trend of public opinion re garding the policy and administration of the present Government. [Mr. Ward was elected by a majority of 4!)2 votes.? CRITICISM: or BUDGET. An increase of taxation is always un welcome, but in a somewhat extended retrospect of previous New Zealand Budgets the writer does not remember one which has called forth more general ex pressions of dissatisfaction than that which has just been delivered by Mr. Forbes, as Minister for Finance. Its very virtues, from an economist's point of view, are re sponsible for a good deal of the dissatisfac tion. In the first place, it faces the prob lem of a deficiency with a good deal of courage. The Minister shows a firm deter mination to make the Budget balance, and, so far from seeking an easy way out, by postponing or disregarding liabilities, he does not hesitate to levy fresh taxation sufficient to make up any possible defi cienry, nnd has spread the not so widely that practically every person in the com munity is called upon to pay his share. His actiou is very unpopular with the Labour parly, tlio members of wliieli tliink that any nccesaary revenue can, and should, at all times be raised fry increasing the laud tax or income tax by a stiffer graduation. They desire to shift the burden on to the "capitalist," whom they always regard as fail' game, aud able to stand squeezing to any extent. They lose sight of the fact that attempts of the kind nearly always result in making the lot of the "worker" harder by increasing the cost of living, and erco lessening the amount of employ ment. The increase in the duty on petrol not only hits the man who beeps a ear for pleasure, and is always spoken of as "the wealthy motorist," but will press hardly on owners of taxis, motor-lorries, and service cars, and on working carriers; and its effects will be seen in increased charges to the public, and very possibly in diminished employment among the workers enraged in transport business. The new tobacco duties have not only increased the cost of the cigarettes, which are the favourite "smoke" of the masses, but, according to the local growers, will ruin the business of giowing tobacco in New Zealand. The banks, which are severely hit by an in crease in their income tax (already very heavy), and the raising of the tax on notes from 3 to 4J per cent., are hinting that both the Government and the public will suffer. They say that the proposed tax of 4J per cent, on notes is prohibitive, and that the result will be a reversion to gold currency, as soon as exchange conditions permit. In that case, the Government would Iobc the tax on notes altogether, and the banks- would no longer invest in the Government stock which at present they have to keep as a reserve against the notes. Mr. Downie Stewart, who was Finance Minister in the Reform Ministry, was, as usual, very fair and reasonable in his criti cisms. lie thoroughly approved of Mr. Forbes's determination to balance the Budget, but suggested that he would have been wiser to concentrate on a few items, highly productive of revenue, instead of imposing duties in so widespread a fashion as to cause irritation and annoyance far in excess of the revenue they would yield. He strongly condemned the increased bor rowing of the present Government. The policy of the Coates Government, he 6aid, was to steadily reduce borrowing, especi ally external borrowing, year by year, until in a few years, they hoped. New Zealand would reach the position of being self-con tained financially. In their last year of office tbey bad actually got the net in crease in borrowing down to £5,500,000, whereas the expenditure of the present Go-! vernment, out of capital accounts last year, was £12,500,000, most of it loan money. Now that immigration had been stopped it was imperative that there should be more caution in borrowing. WHALE! Oil. AND BUTTER. The extensive slaughter of whales in the Antarctic by Norwegian whalers has for some time caused a good deal of concern, i It is considered that the fishery has be come so profitable that the whales are in imminent danger of extermination. The New Zealand Government, to which has been relegated the control of the Ross Sea, lias licensed one company to carry on whaling there aud has endeavoured 'to exercise supervision of the industry. Other companies have commenced operations without seeking a permit, and as they do not land on British territory or fish within the three miles limit the New Zealand Government has found itself owerless to interfere with them. Nothing ut an international agreement, apparently, wili have an effect. Jt has been Jcft for a scientific member of the Legislative Council (the Honorable G. M. Thomson) to point out that the slaughter of Antarctic whales lias a ma terial bearing on the fortunes of New Zea land dairy farmers. The enormous quan tities of whale oil now being sent to Europe is mostly converted into the best quality margarine. The thrifty Danes, he said, are using margarine and sending their butter to the English market. The manu facture of margarine has of late been im mensely improved. The chief drawback to this artificial product from a dietetic point of view has until recently been the absence of vitamins, in which New Zea land butter is particularly rich, far more so than Danish butter. Now, however, method has been discovered by which vitamins can be introduced into mar garine, thus rendering it a far more danger ous rival to butter. If it is true, as stated, that the manufacturers hope to be able to reduce the price to 4d. a lb., it will be a still more formidable competitor. A competent authority on the dairying industry thought the outlook really serious. In fact, he said, he believed New Zealand, in the course of a few years, might find the export of butter unprofitable, and her dairy farmers would have to concentrate on cheese and other milk products. By the way, complaints have reached us from England that New Zealand is losing its former reputation for the high quality of its cheese. The factory companies arc taking these complaints seriously, and some of them are arranging a system of pooling, with bonuses for the cheese of extra quality. The experts of the Agricultural department and the MaBscy Agricultural College, which specialises in research into the problems of the dairying industry, are making investigations to find out what causes the faults complained of, one of the chief being the "openness" of texture of most of the New Zealand checse sent to the British market. BRITISH FOOTBALL TEAM, Intense interest is being shown in the tour of the British football team. The attendances at the matches, especially the tests, have surpassed all records. This is written on the eve of the final test match in Wellington. Thousands of people have been pouring into the city in the last few days, and every hotel is full. The Bishop of Waiapu, in a recent address, referring to the amount of money spent on amuse ments, calculated that nearly £250,000 will have been paid in gate money and in other ways by the public when the British team has finished its tour. Certainly our visi tors will have seen few signs of the de pression of which the politicians have been talking. Several of thciu arc so pleased with the country that they have made ar rangements to coinc back to live in New Zealand, following the varieties of occu pation to which they have been acr.ug tomcd. Robert C. Stewart, aged 28 years, accoun tant, of Watt street, Newcastle (N.B.W.), was killed on Sunday evening when n motor-car in which he was travelling from Waratnh golf links, Cockle Creek, struck the side of the narrow railway subway on the main road at Cardiff. Charles Hadken, aged 25 years, of Duinaresq street, Hamil ton, tlie driver of (he car. suffered abrasions and phock. 