NEWS IN BRIEF FORECAST Chiefly fine. Moder ate winds and seas. Tasmania New hall opened at Clevelana. Premier visiting Launceston anil the north this week. Eight Hours Day smoke social held at Launceston Trades Hall. Victor Marriott, a young man, loses right hand as result of gun accident at Port Cygnet. Anlaysis of leaving examination results shows outstanding success of Launceston State High School. More than 50 present at first an nual dinner of Tasmanian Automobile Chamber of Commerce at Ross. Father and son killed and five other members of family injured in motor car accident near South Mount Cam. eron yesterday. Lieutenant Qviller makes two para chute descents at Hobart from 400 and 5000 feet, in second case landing half a mile from the spectators Interstate Mr. W. P. MacIntosh, well-known: sculptor, dead. Proprietor of hotel attacked and robbed in Sydney. Further splendid rains have fallen in dry areas of Queensland. An equestrian statble of Marshal Foch is to be erected in London. Sir Douglas Mawson's latest wire. less message from Antarctic released. A virulent outbreak of gastro. enteritis is being experienced in Syd. ney. Eleven people involved in motor collision near Sydney. Three in I jured. "The Senate must go," said Mr. Lang at a Labour conference on Saturday. Slashed with razor in Sydney street victim knocks assailant senseless, and disappears. Party in house in Sydney ends In free fight when intruders cause a brawl. T?ree men injured. Merchant ships must carry seven d reservists among the crew before being eligible to fly the blue ensign, Three men missing owing to foun dering of yacht between Fremantle and Rottnest Island. Survivor swims five miles. At the Labour Conference at Tam worth on Saturday the giving of un limited Legislative powers to the Commonwealth was agreed to Overseas Hatry trial proceedings cost £20,000. Mah Mohan Singh is again attempt. ing to fly from England to India. Miss Florence Austral to tour Aus. ` tralia, New Zealand, and South Africa. London prices for raw rubber:- Para, Sid a lb.; plantation, smoked, 73d. Australian Government stocks have receded still further on London 'Change. Rather better clearances effected at London wool sales owing to lower reserves. General business of Naval Confer ence discussed at preliminary meetings in London. Reported from Fairbanks (Alaska)' that Ellson's 'plane has been found smashed up. Canadian Farmers' Convention re fuses to terminate Oriental immigra tion into Canada. British Empire trade not develop ing at a rate equal to the average for the whole world. Strong protests against abolition of special privileges enjoyed by British missionaries in China. Temporary loan of 20,000,000 dollars to be raised to tide Chicago over the city's "financial collapse." Divergence of opinion regarding \- American idea of admitting journal ists to Naval Conference. Simon Commission's report does not recommend any immediate radical changes in Indian control. The Kellogg Pact has a mighty in. fluence on naval matters, writes Mr. s J. L. Garvin in "The Observer." Bombs, daggers, etc., discovered by 's police who effected arrests of youths is in northern quarter of Calcutta. Bradford spinners make no secret of their intention to buy heavily when 1t wool decline has reached its limit. "Mr. Scullin can count upon a ai great deal of support from the mod erate Labour element."-"The Times." In passing sentence on Hatry and colleagues judge described the frauds as "the most appalling that have ever 1\. disfigured the commercial reputation \- of Britain." 5? Sport Carnera defeated Petersen in New York fight. South Esk Swimming Club carnival held at Victoria Baths. Borotra, for the sixth time, is the French indoor tennis champion. Tasmania scored 290 against West -Australia in Hobart onl Saturday. Halcombe "no- balled" ten times in one over at Hobart on Saturday. r New Zealand out for 439 in test Sagainst M.C.C. Visitors lose six for 255. Jack Chllapman reduced his own d motor cycling world's record on Sat let urday at Adelaide. Lord Hawke understands that Aus tralian test cricket batsmen are Sstronger than ever. c- Winners at MIoonee Valley-An nouncer, Mouscron, Figure, Gracwln, \- Mondiaga, Cordofan. e Australian swimming championships '(Victorian section) held at Melbourne, Tasmanians take part. old Heav' rain on Saturday prevented e- play in New South Wales v. Victoria . Sheffield Shield match. \- Three miles scratch race at ,York ay Park twilight sports won by T. Spink after spectacular contest. Frank Mitchell, a once famous York n; shire cricketer, favours Jardino for La captaincy of British test team. Winners at Elphin- Retire, Maort o Childe, Aralite, Golden Tinkle, Miss Sheik, Maggle S., Almont Wilkes. Randwick winners--Gregello, Cred \- ence, Rosendo, and Danish (dead do heat), Venetian Lady, Western Lass, re- Aorangi. Moon defeated Crawford on Sat uIrday in semi-final of Australian championships. Hopman defeated 