GENERAL CABLE NEWS Danish Royalties In Japan. The Crown Prince of Denmark, accom-, panied by Prince Knud and Prince Axel, arrived at Yokohama on Tuesday morn ing. They were welcomed by the local officials, subsequently leaving in a special train for Tokio, where they were tendered a reception at the station by high officials, including Baron Shidehara and Baron Hay ashi. The Danish royalties are staying at the Kasumigaseki Palace: League of Nations Union and Tariffs. The Australian Minister for Trade and | Customs (Mr. J. E. Fenton) on Monday morning discussed with Lord Hugh Cecil the work of the Empire section of the League of Nations Union. Lord Cecil as sured Mr Fenton that the League had not interfered in Empire domestic mat ters such as immigration and tariffs. ' Sale of Poisons in Britain. Murder by poisoning will become more difficult and practically impossible in Bri tain if the recommendations of the de partmental committee are carried out. It is proposed to establish a Poisons Board on which Government departments and medical and scientific societies will be re presented, to devise the strictest precau tions. Only a limited number of chem ists will be permitted to sell poisons, and the names of the purchasers not only will be recorded in the poison book, but they must be verified before sale. Prohibition Inquiry. The chairman of the United States Law Enforcement Commission (Mr. Wick ersham) stated in Washington on Monday that the legalisation of the brewing of beer containing 2.75 per cent, of alcohol, would not solve the prohibition problem with which his Commission was now en gaged. 'I do not think it would satisfy a normally robust appetite,' he said. Mr. Fenton at Smlthfleld Market. The Australian Minister for Trade and Customs (Mr. J. E. Fenton) visited the meat markets at Smithfield, London, on Tuesday, and inspected the Australian mutton and lamb in storage there. He was gratified at tbe excellent appearance of the meat and generally commended the improvement in quality, which, he said, should result in an increased demand. 