REICHSTAG. The immigrant ship Reichstag, after a run of 90 days from Hamburg, ar- rived in Hervey's Bay on the 18th July, 1873. The health officer (R. B. Sheridan, Esq.), having spoken the vessel and found that there had been disease of a contagious nature on board during the voyage, considered, as a matter of precaution, it would be advisable to detain the passengers for a few days before landing. On Wed- nesday, the 23rd July, the medical offi- cer (Dr. Power) reported that no con- tagious disease then existed, and the health officers released the ship the following day. On Thursday the im- migration agent (Geo. Faircloth, Esq.) visited the vessel, and the immigrants were yesterday brought to town by the A.S.N. Co.'s s.s. Governor Black- all. We are indebted to the surgeon superintendent (Dr. Couradi) for the following report on the sanitary con- dition of the vessel during the voyage: "In the passage of the Reichstag from Hamburg to this colony, two different periods are visible; showing human life to be entirely dependent upon the overwhelming influence of nature. From the start on April 16, up to the end of May, while fine weather and a pleasant temperature were prevailing, but little sickness raged, not spread- ing much beyond the original limits of the cases which, apparently, were already infected on shore. A few babies died, some in consequence of the general imprudence and bad hab- its of the lower classes in all coun- tries, combined with neglect and care- lessness, arising from sea sickness and the unwonted ways of living. From the latter date the transition into the cold regions took place rapid- ly, the winds growing stronger and unfriendly, turning at last into furious storms, with extremely frequent down pours of rain, alternating with mist and fogs, and an untoward state of the atmosphere. At once the leaven of sickness began its work, and to as- sume greater demeanour. During the most of the month of June, while the passengers could hardly move on the deck without getting wet through, and the women and children were kept down below for weeks, the majority of the passengers (over 200) got ill, of whom more than one half so seriously as to be confined to their beds. Chil- dre of the more tender ages, to whom exercise and liberty are as indispen- sable as food and air, fell victims to the rapacity of death in the first in- stance, and furnished two-thirds of all the lamentable events which subse- quently happened during that time. Scarlet fever and disease of the bowels in its various forms of diarr- hoea and dysentery made their appear- ancc, and typhoid fever became pre- valent among the adults. As soon as finer weather set in, when on the longitude of Cape Leeu- win, the state of health began to im- prove, so far as fresh cases are con- cerned; the list of patients began gradually to decrease, and the stronger recovered rapidly enough. The pas- sengers would certainly have emerged from such calamity with less damage had they followed more closely the medical advice tendered to them, and put less confidence in nonsensical fam- ily remeies of their own. The most essential conditions of health, as re- gards c leanliness and ventilation were, however, fulfilled by them even during the roughest parts of the voy- age, most willingly, and as frequently as possible. No bad smells or foul air were ever allowed to remain to add to the hardships which had befal- len the vessel, and thus it happened that with the inclemency of the weather the virulence of the disease disappeared. That some ulti- mately fell victims to the great hardships they had endured is not surprising. The Reichstag brings 334 immi- grants of whom 10 are full-paying, 5 remittatnce, 25 1/2 assisted, and 218 free, the numbers counted as adult pas- sengers. Classified according to sex and condition, they comprise 57 mar- ried couples, 131 single men, 63 sin- gle women, 87 children, and 16 in- fants. The married people and sin- gle girls are half German and half Danish, with a few Scandinavians, and the majority of the single men are Danes. 