SUMMARY. The French Cabinet resigned after its de- feat in the Senate by 147 votes to 139. There was a dramatic debate in a crowded Chamber. Many fashionably dressed women were present. Mr.Tardieu, defending the Government, said that it was not responsible for scandals. Its policy, he claimed, was sound. At the R101 inquiry Sir John Simon refuted rumours that some on board were not sober. when the ship started. Dr. von Eckener, commander of the Graf Zeppelin, attributed the cause of the fire to a broken electrical wire. Squadron-Leader Booth said that the R101 would not have left if the Imperial Confer- ence had not been sitting. Forty persons were killed and many injured by an earthquake experienced throughout Burma. ^Buildings were destroyed, several trains were derailed, and fires damaged a number of «hops. Hin the House of Commons, Sir Philip Cun liffe-Lister moved for the continuance of the Uyestuffs Act until 193(3. «¡¡He said that by Its repeal the Government would give away something won by blood and ¿ears The motion was defeated. JThe crash which ended the flight of Miss Winifred Spooner and Flying-officer Edwards was caused by engine trouble. "^The Fedeial structure sub-committee of the India Round Table Conference Is handling its difficult task with expedition. f'ln an Intel view at Victoria (BO.), Sir Otto Nlemeyer said that the financial position In Australia was seilous. IThe appointment of a Supreme Cabinet, similar to the War Cabinet, is requested by JO British Labour members of Parliament. 4M. Krilenko, prosecutor in the Moscow sedi- tion trial, dcsciibed Professor Ramzln as a dupe of the capitalists. , The Australian Trade Commissioner In Can- ada refuted rumours that Australia intended to flood Canada with butter. JThe King's Bench Division decided that the opening of cinemas in London on Sunday was iflöBal. ^Dissension arose in the united States Con- gress over the President's request for 150,000,000 dollars for unemployment relief. ,'|A student was shot dead In an affray with police at Cawnpore. Three members of the police were injured. íiThe Mayor of New York presented a loving cup to Sir Thomas Lipton as the "world's best toser." sfSix violent criminal lunatics, two of whom tie muideiers, were freed from an institution near New York by gunmen. | - Ï ,The House of Representatives passed a bil) fixing the rates of the proposed taxation on Parliamentary and Public Service salaries. ¿¡.fWie parlous state of the primary lndustiles nu again emphasised following a member's ^Speal for help for the wheatgrowers. f&the; leader of the Opposition (Mr. Latham) criticised the method of appointing Sir Isaac Isaacs as Govei liol-General. {he said the chango in procedure meant that thô Goveinor-General would not be the King's personal representative. ?itír Forde announced that a bill before the Philippine Legislature proposed to Increase the duty on beef from /OJ to /I a pound. Tjthis, he said, Interested Australia, as the beef lor the United States' forces In the Phllip -Irjes now came from this country, fflie Federal Labour Caucus, which sat at Canberra until after midnight on Thursday, will meet again on Wednesday. »Strong dissatisfaction with the relations ex- isting between the Ministry and the Common WUJi Bank Board was expressed. R$r Fenton said that he expected lo receive Kim the bank by Wednesday a definite reply lithe Ministry's requests, îftîcpiesentatlves of the Commonwealth and (reding banks are to meet In Sydney on Wed MJday to discuss financial matters. ^ery effort is being made to ensure that the Federal conversion loan, closing on the 16th, shall be over-subscribed. ,'dh the Legislative Assembly the debate on the Address in Reply was continued and ad- journed until Tuesday. îMr Drummond, the former Minister for Éducation, stoutly defended his administra- tion of that depaitment. ^'Replying to a question, Mr. Lang said that thárc would be plenty of money for public .V/crU when the Upper House was got rid of. ;?èhould the President of the Legislative Council refuse to send the abolition bills on for Royal assent, Ministers may try to secure his dismissal. Jt Is stated that even If the bills receive the Royal assent they cannot become opera- tive lor six months. «S* deputation from the Council of Churches protested to the Premier against the proposed Mik lottery for hospitals. rêks an alternative, the council suggested a Btate-wlde appeal for funds, promising the jChWe-hearted support of the Churches. Mr Lang undertook, to place the matter ;Wore the Cabinet, remarking that he per lonally was not averse ii oin such a proposal. i* The meat strike has ended, the men having 4eé!ded to accept the tenns of settlement jOlltllned by the Industrial Commission. Alter a month of idleness, work at the iWttoirs will be resumed on Tuesday on the pte-stoppage conditions. i- It was discovered yesterday that six of the Kihlblted Italian immigrants on the Orford i escaped the previous night. ./ Three Italians have been allowed to leave ¡for New Zealand. Ihe remaining 57, who are :belng returned to Italy, will sail to-day. The Kandos minéis, who have been un- employed foi some months, will resume work cn Monday next. Ï The election of representatives from the unions to the ALP. executive has resulted to & victory for the Garden faction. i New harbour regulations provide for the tastallation of effective silencers on motor foats anti for leglstratlon ol vessels out of Commission Li? Queensland Parliament has adopted a ¡m pioviding for a legal practitioners' fidelity Wiarantue lund. Ojie council of the Law Socioty will ad- minister the fund, and will grant certificates HUfPiaciisc only to subscribers. t)A man who was arrested in Sydney yes ignay was charged with having murdered »ina Griffiths (13) at Oimond, Melbourne. I'M Campsie yesterday a hairdresser and u? Wife were shot. The man died later, but M,»(mian is said to be not in danger. .Xetters written by the husband indicated *»t It was his intention to commit .suicide. A Maltese in Sydney was lined £ 100 and sentenced to a year's imprisonment for having cocaine in his possession. ..Tile manager ol a bank agency at the Mel "wne University shot himself dead in the ««nee uf two members of lils staff. 'A young coloured woman, whose clothes «w become ignited at her home at Tweed .?ls, wa;, burnt to death. [Butter exports iiom Australia in the past 5L!!Jonths totnlled 22,4(10 tons, an Increase "a.771 tons on July-November, 1929. ?A Danish dalry expert declares that Aus Wia need not fear Canadian competition in ««r production for 15 or 20 years. 'Several records were broken at the annual »Pirnng carnlvai of the Public Schools' »Mew Athletic Association. [«.Maitland a northern districts team KT \91 «gainst the N.S.W. Shelileld Shield T»i which lost three wickets lor 137. hSihe.lr nrst Innings at Adelaide, the West S« lc?.m scored 171 runs, and South »tailla 117 for four wickets. fu?.,,the, men's interstate tennis matches, Bit, . Is leadl'iP New South Wales, and H"n Australia is leading Victoria. ^ew south Wales is lending Victoria by Hf« io one in the women's matches, and ¡»»na Is leading South Australia. | gS^'.-ploucly, sultry, and unsettled »rauy, with rain and thunderstorms spread &n;,r l,he £itate; 50me ncnvv falls and f" .,bloWíi ükely: fresh to strong nnd >?)' nprtn-enstcrly to north-westerly winds ?»'ivLy,11 C001 clin'igo. with squally south T° «mas In southern districts. 5 'Herald" Index appears on pago 16. 