NEW HOPE FOR NEGRO RACE The Melting Pot That is Harlem DIFFERENCES BEING ADJUSTED There is new hope for the negro race born in the melting pot that is Harlem. Pride in racial heritages uphdbUfnfl West Indian and Southern Negroes are ad j u s t i njsiv al r i e s( and differences on lines that promise a setdem|j."ic)fKi'Jh'fe.',j deeper colour problem. The subject is dealt witbiby Rever- ','. ley Smith in the New York "Herald Tribune." If the negro population of Harlem were translated ta a fertile isle In tho mid-Pacific (he writes) It would still havo Its racial problems. Most whites think of It merely as "the Black Belt" —a homogeneous group of negroes, tho largest In tho world, living to gether In full harmony and under standing. As a matter of fact the negro section of Harlem Is a melting pot with ns strange and varied a brew as that of whltq New York. About 50,000, or nearly 25 per cent of tho negroes In Harlem have come from British, French, Dutch, Portu guese, or Danish civilisations In the Carrlbcan region. These, arc referred to generally as West Indians. The largest element comes from .the Brit ish West Indies. Each group has brought along Its own accent, wholly different from that of the American negro, Thero aro small sections In Harlem where Spanish or French are spoken almost exclusively in the homes. INTRA-RAOIAL FEELING WANES. Each national element as W. A. Domingo has said In his article in "The Survey," is divided front tho others "by tradition, historical background,, and group perspective." Tho West In dian negro In general Is less exuberant than his American cousin, more seri ous, more ambitious and more acquisi tive. Sometimes be considers himself as rather "above" tho American negro, but in this he is repaid with interest, because tho American negro has a strong individuality and pride of Ills own. He is also a distinctly American product, and shares tho wlilto Ameri can's scorn for foreigners of any kind. » Sometimes ho calls the West Indians "aliens," or "cockneys," or "pessi mists." He has also a gift of humour and derisive laughter, which the West Indian often lacks. But this intra-raoial Ill-feeling lias diminished notably in tho last few years. The quota law has cut down the heavy Immigration from foreign dependencies, thus dulling the edge of economic rivalry. At the same time the more Intelligent members of each group have had a chance to coino to gether and understand eaoh other. The negro section of Harlem also has a hundred subtle differences of viewpoint between southern negroes from different States and of different racial mixture. In the steady healing of these differences there Is a hopeful omen for the sqlutlori of tho graver problem between white and coloured. HARLEM BRINGS NEW HOPE. In this brief survey emphasis has often been placed on tho gloomy side of tho picture ; tho economic depression the low wages and' high rents, unem ployment, housing congestion, and re sulting ill-hoalth, delinquency and misery. This has been done because this side of the story Js so little known. But there Is another side. As Alain Locke, the brilliant negro scholar has said In "Tho Survey," Harlem cannot be considered as merely a bundle of statistics. Harlem In the last decade has been a kind of Intel lectual capital for the aspiring negro; In it have been born a new hope, a new determination, a now race conscious ness and a new pride In the racial heritage. About Harlem ns a centre have gathered tho negro intellectual and ar tistic lenders — poets sueh ns Langston Hughes, Counteo Cullon, Jean Toomor rind Claudo McKay; novelists and short story writers such as Walter White, Rudolph Fisher, Nella Larsen, Jcsslo Fauset, and W. E. Burghardt Du Bols, tho lost named ranging through nil literary fields, but devot ing Ills chief energies to general better ment of tho situation of tho coloured people. Also sueh essayists as James Wol- don Johnson (also a novelist), George Schuyler, Alain Locke, Charles S. Johnson, Abraham L. Harris, and Franklin Frnzlcr; musicians sueh as Harry Burleigh, the1 leading composer, and Rosamund Johnson, Carl Dlton, W. C. Handy, and Hall Johnson. MANY STAGE PERFORMERS. On the dramatic .and concert stage the too JvVblJ iknown' to need detailed mention here. To name a fev at random, thero"are"T.'iul Hobe- ,,Son. Rose MeQtendatgdftXbmc! 'l-tyes, 07.'ay or Gordon, Nina Mae .Mi Klnney WP. YrntUk fiWW.'b/.tWC'OV/ OC i-grf1 -p£/,,jteoscM,.whq1 have been t">er tlP,i?f.4. J,WP tenfftBr'enbitbut all of theih .have been Influenced by Har lem's life. Tho community thero has served 'to heighten their consciousness or to stimulate their ambitions, or to give them a wealth of rare racial ma terial. There are In Harlem about 125 negro doctors, with first class professional training; graduates of Howard Univer sity or tho standard white medical schools. They aro not yet patronised as fully as they should be by their own people. Many of tho negroes go to white doctors, not all of whom are a credit to their race. Most of the negro physicians, combining sound skill with warm personality and sympathy, aro splendidly fitted for their profession. The lawyers, well educated and equipped also, have a harder time of it because they are under the handi cap of practising In courts conducted by ""whites where, with all Intent of goodwill, a " certain colour prejudice still lingers. Most of them are making a bare Income, or. piecing out an In sufficient income with other work. But they are ready, as colour bars are gradually lowered, to take an honour able and Important place. SOCIAL AGENCIES CO.-OPERATE Negroes at the '.same time -are tak ing the lead In social agencies for the Improvement of their own people. Tho National Association for tjie Advance ment of. Coloured People Is too well known for detailed description here. It is fighting all along the line for the right of the coloured man. to equality of opportunity and justice before the law. ', ... Organisations such tis the New York Urbnn League, a branch of tho Na tional Urban League, the Y.M.C.A., the Y.W.C.A., the' Utopia Neighbourhood House, tbo community houses of . the churches and several other bodies are working together '.on the social and economic problem. In the manage ment of many ' of theso whites and negroes are associated, while In the operating staffs negroes largely pre dominate or make up the entire staffs. The Y.W.C.A., 'for instance, lias a membership of 2,000 and serves a much larger public through its employment department and cafeteria. It has a school whore women nro trained in occupations ranging from expert cook ery to beauty parlour, skilled secre tarial or Interior decorating work. In this work are such women as Mrs. Cecelia Saunders, genoral secretary, and Mrs. Emma S.' Pcnn, educational director. In New York Urban League,- to men tion Just a few whom the reporter In terviewed, are-suCh workers as James 15\. Hubert, executive secretary: S. A. Allen, Industrial secretary, and Alone D. SImpklns, social worker, recently como here from the South. Tho case of Mr. Hubert Is Interest ing as Indicating the progress made by some negroes in sixty-seven years of freedom. I-Ils father, Zachary Hubert, who died a short time ago at the ago of eighty, was born In slavery on a plantation In. Georgia. ' "Old Zacli" was tho close and valued friend of his master. Hn was enlig'htoried and In telligent in his own right.' Of his seven sons, all college graduates, two to-day are college presidents, ono Is a high school principal, one Is a prominent pastor, another Is a successful business man In Harlem, one Is studying busi ness administration In New York, nnd ono is Mr. Hubert of the Urban League. Thero can hardly ho serious despair of progress in a family like this. The work of tho leading ministers has already been mentioned. Tho Har lem League, a branch of tho New York Federation of Churches, Is work ing to assist In tho co-ordination of their efforts. The hard-working execu tive, secretary Is a white. man. the Rev. Paul E. Baker, chaplain of Flsk Uni versity, studying In New York for his doctorate. The work of the Harlem League has been baited in tho last few days because of a misunderstanding between it nnd the negro ministers about tlie wording of a report prepared by ono of tho league secretaries. It is hoped that this may be smoothed out by frank discussion. '. Also on the credit side of the ledger must be mentioned the thirty-odd negro chain stores, part of a national organisation, recently established ' in Harlem. It is too early to sny whether they will be successful, but. they get around many of the difficulties of In dividual buying by negro grocers and give negro omploycos a chance to learn economies of retailing. NEGRO POLICE EFFICIENT. The, negro merchants are also fairly well in tho meat markets, undertaker parlours, barber shops and beauty par lours. It Is . a curious thing that the negro barber shop fro whito patrons has disappeared in the North, hccauso the proprietor of such a shop cannot refuse to sorve a, member of. his own rnco, hor can ; he';- wltK' tho- iaice 'pre judice which purvlvesp opofate a mixed shop. But ho does well in Harlem Tho seventy. eight negro policemen In Harlem, according to reports from white and coloured sources, are a credit to the race. They are able and effi cient. They understand particularly well how to deal with the unfortunates or delinquents of their own race. Ac cording to one reliable observer, there is no discernible race feeling of any kind between the white policemen and their negro colleagues, They like and respect each other. By the same token, negro school touchers and negro workers In tho city departments receive fair, and. equal treatment, according to what this re porter has learned.' The negro teacher Is not employed as a negro, but as a teacher, and he or she teaches white children as .well as coloured. This Is an Idea that Bometlmcs encounters'lilt- ter opposition from Southerners who will, elsewhere, aver: "I'learned more from my old negro mammy than from any other education 'l ever hhd." There are ;'also ' .the ' Negro ' .news papers, weeklies, .which publish news of Harlem and of Negroes everywhere In the United States. Their staffs are composed throughout from copy boy to publisher, by Negroes. Some - of these are : "The New York 'Age," "Amster dam News," "New York News," "Harlom Reporter and Bronx Chronicle," the soclnl gossip sheet, "The Tattler," and "The Negro ."World." Tho last named, subsidised from "Edelweiss," the country home of Marcus Garvey, Provisional Presi dent of Africa, still strives with Jndlf-. ferent success to keep alight the fires of Garveylsm which burned in the street parades of 1925. GENEROUS TOWARD WHITES. Tlie other papers emphasise Negro news and give prominent space, naturally, to injustices . toward Negroes, but they are generous In chronicling also cases where whites have helped or defended Negroes. Turning again to the debit side, there is the fact that great numbers of trained and able Negroes cannot get work In New York. In the South many white men have a traditional contempt or seorn for the Negro race, . coupled paradoxically, with an affec tion and esteem for the Negroes whom he knows individually.. In tho North tho white man admits the racial, equality of the Negro, but, through fear and dlstfust engendered by strangeness, discriminates against tho Negro as an individual. In the South the .whlto man will readily leave his food,, his riches, the medicines for his health, the care of his children In tho charge of a Negro. In New York white people who know nothing of Negroes are afraid to leave a coloured man In the house, just as they would be afraid to leave an East Indian, a Chinese, an. American In dian, or a Japanese. It Is a perfectly naturnl human fear, but It must be reckoned as part of the problem. Those races would hove the same feeling toward a white man. There Is also tho economic rivalry in the trades unions. Tho Negroes In creasingly enter the unskilled Unions, but are barred, often unjustly, from tho skilled trades unions. This Is a thing that Is slowly being adjusted, but often with Ill-feeling. Often the Negroes have to do what Is virtually "scabbing" to force recognition. They do not like It and the white workers do not like It. EXPECTS AID FROM WHITES. John E. Nail, Negro real estate leader, successful not only among his own race, but relied on1 for business estimates and advice on realty values north of 110th Street by: many of the big real estate and Insurance firms downtown, thinks of it this way ; "Tho Negro can fit into American Industry and finance, given a fair chance. He cannot start imme diately In high positions, of course; because he Is untrained. He must have a chance to work shoulder to shoulder with Ills white brothers, to learn as they havo lenrned. He will not then be found lacking. "There Is the discouraging case of a young lawyer, a friend of .mine, an honour graduate of Yale nnd "tlie Hnr- vnrd Law School. He lias tried to practice for three years In New York. Last month his overcoat was stolen. He hns not been able to- buy another. "There Is . something . wrong here. Tho American Negroes nro a mixed .race, with a heavy Infusion of whlto blood. They aro a new race. Their Inheritance Is not only from tho fighting stocks of Africa, but some times from the host blood of the old white South. Wo could not, If wo would, 11c down. We must fight. It is in our veins. And we think there aro white people who wilt work with us." It would bo presumption for such short articles as these to take up sueh complex problems. Whether the Negro can best fit himself for tho mcchnnicnl, complex, industrial civili sation In whloh we live, or whether his genius fits him for a civilisation more pleasant and polite and humane, is beyond this reporter. Two of tho aspects of this debate wore presented in "The Survey" four years ago by Melville J. Hcrskovlts, anthropologist, and Koni-ad Bercovlci, author. One tiling is sure: The Negro has never yet received tho opportunity, on masse, to start from scratch with the whito nmn in our system. But he has como slowly, ever closer to it. New York cannot be entirely nshnmod of its treatment of tho Negroes within Its borders. It has been sometimes unkind. It still denies the Negro the fullness of economic equality. Its unions still rule many worthy skilled Negroes out. But It lias given tho sensitive Negro a cliance to hold his head up. And tho great friendly body of New York citizenry, the most fair and tolerant millions In the world, are trying, under enormous pressure of hereditary pre judice and acquired attitude, to glvo tho Negro a chance. It Is slow and often backsliding. But it is rich in hopo for the future from tho efforts of the coloured man himself. If the Negro section of Ilarlem as wo know It now is swept oft tlie map by rising land values in ten years, that will justify its existence. 