The World in Its Whirl Day by Day C Load, Commonwealth, and Foreign News Epitomised The Prime Minister's lodge at Can-1 berra. which has been unoccupied since1 it* was vacated by Mr. S. M. Bruce in October last year, may shortly be leas ed as a country residence. It is un derstood that negotiations are pro ceeding between the Home Affairs De partment and Mr. Stewart, proprietor of a number of motor 'bus services in Sydney, for a lease of the building. Tenders for the lease were recently in vited; but there were no offers at the time. When Mr. Scullin became Prime . Minister he declined to occupy the lodge on the ground that the expense of upkeep was too great, the staff pro vided by the Government being insuffi cient to maintain such a large house hold. * * * Mr. W. Holloway, who conducts a garage at Rojsedaie. (Vic.) was awak ened at about 12.30 a.m. on the morn ing of July 10 by someone tampering with the door of his motor garage, and went out to investigate. Four men were standing in the darkness near file door of the garage. They moved away on seeing him. and he returned tcT the house for his gun, which he loaded. He overtook the men on the road and ordered them to put their handB up. They moved to the oppo site side of the road and approached a Sedan motor car, which had the en gine running. Mr. Holloway reached the car and fired a shot into a rear tyre, puncturing it. Suddenly three of the men pulled out revolvers and com menced to fire at him. He replied by firing at the legs of one man, whom he thought he wounded. The men fired further shots, none of which took ef fect, and when Mr. Holloway fired again they turned and fled, disappear ing into the forest country. The motor car contained a complete housebreak ing and safeblowing outfit, including detonators and gelignite. The police found that the men walked 15 miles through the bush and caught a train tflf Moe, where they hired a car to take them to Melbourne. Later, three men were arrested in a house at Col lingwood. One of the men was wounded. Matthews and Hook, who were fly-1 ing from England to Australia, were forced down in the Yonia Mountains, between Akyab and Rangoon, on ac count .of a l<Sak in a petrol pipe. Xeither of the airmen was injured in the crash. They struggled through al most impenetrable jungle fos several days and Hook at last became too weak to walk. After making his com panion as comfortable as possible Matthews went on alone to try and I secure help. Eventually he met a party of villagers, who took liim to [ Prome, where he was given medical at tention. A search is being made for Hook." * * * Mr. F. M. McMaster, a prominent X.S.W. merino breeder, has presented to the New South Wales Department of Agriculture 500 stud merinos, each of the value of £8/8/-. The sheep will be made available under the depart ment's scheme for providing high-class rams to necessitous small graziers and farmers. In response to the appeal of Mr. Bruce, then Prime Minister, at last year's sheep show banquet, Mr. Mc Master gave £20,000 for an animal health laboratory. * ? * The Berlin correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph"' states that crimin ological experts have now a grave doubt as to the confessions of Peter Kuertin, who was arrested in connec tion with the appalling series of crimes on young girls, at Dusseldorf, and who also lioasted of-having per petrated, in addition. 50 crimes, includ-. ing 20 easi's of arson, attacks on women, and numerous burglaries. De spite his confessions, the |>olice are un able to connect Kuertin with the mur der of the.girls, and there is a doubt as to the trustworthiness of his iden tification by two survivors. It is now thought that they were under the in fluence of mass suggestion when they identified Kuertin as the murderer of one girl for \vhoiu he bought some sweets, as the assisttyts at the sweet shop are unable to identify him as the man who purchased the sweets. A serious clash between Wafdists and tlie police, who were supported by troops, took place last week at Man surah. where the authorities forbade a Wafdist conference. In the riot six persons were killed and 46 injured. The casualties among the troops and police numbered 37. # * * Inquiries are being made into the death of Edna Drur.v (19), who died at her home at Bacchus Marsh (Vic.) on Sunday. Miss Drury told her father shortly before her death that she had been jioisoned by a chocolate given her [ by a strange man on the previous night. The man, she said, had gone to a shop where she was serving and ask ed for certain chocolates. When she replied that she had not heard of the brand he produced a chocolate from his pocket and gave it to her. Detec tives seized a bottle of poison in the 1 girl's home. They have not been able J to trace a man answering to the de-1 scription supplied by Miss Drury. j # * * 'j Considerable excitement has been j caused by the discovery of a rich out- j crop at Capella <Q.) containing gold, ! silver, lead and copper. An assay re turn gave 4 ounces gold, 178 ounces 1 silver. :»9 per cent, lead, and 4 per cent, copper. Capella is approximately lfiO miles west-north-west of Itockhanip ton and .*»<) miles south-east of Clare mont. * fir * Sir. George Mausell, managing part ner\of the f'orriedale Stud, was f:st:i!ly shot on Sunday morning o:i th«» com r:ii!.V's farming and grazing property. 1ft miles west of Y,Tagin. Mr. Mausell had a ha lameness shot gun and while wailing fnr\i rabbit to appear rested ilie gun on the ground with fhe muzzle uppermost, being under the impression that he had affixed the safety catch. The gun suddenly exploded and he re ceived the full charge of shot in his left shoulder. The accident occurred about one mile from the homestead to which his young son ran for assistance. Mr. Maijsell was taken to the Wagin Hospital, where he died the following morning. Lord Wakefield, owner of the motor boat Miss England II., in wbicli Sir Henry Segrave and Mr. Halliwell lost their lives after breaking tlie world's record on Lake Windermere, has. as a mark of respect to the dead ukhi. dei-ided not to race the boat ajrain this year. When recovered from the lake the boat was found to be in excellent condition, except for the broken step. Many famous pilots have effered to drive the boat in further at tempts on the world record. Lork Wakefield has decided that he [ will not be personally responsible for [ further speed record attempts. This is a direct result of Sir Henry Segrave's death, which proved a shock for Lord I Wakefield, who felt it very deeply. The "Daily Herald," announcing the ifact, adds: "This old, bowed man is I yet another victim of the lure of speed, i Lord Wakefield will uot finance next year's record-breaking by Miss Eng land. On second thoughts he is pre pared to give the vessel to the pilot | who shall be elected by an outside au thority as the most likely to beat the i record." Lord Wakefield, who is de scribed as the fairy godfather of Brit ish aviation, has assisted the Schnei i der Trophy contests, Sir Alan Cob ham's voyages to Australia, India and Africa, apart from Miss Amy Johnson and Sir Henry Segrave. Miss Evelyn Layp, the English act ress. Ins", week secured a divorce from Robert Monro, known as Soimie Hale, actor, on (he ground of misconduct with nn nciress named Jessie Mat thews. Miss Laye's counsel said that Monro as&Pd; her to take him back, and she agreed provided that he ended his Association wilh Miss Matthews. He did so. but remained with his wife for «, fortnight only. The Judge remarked that it was quite- clear from the cor respondence that the husband admit ted that he was a cad, while Miss Matthews' letters showed that she had an odious mind. Miss Matthews col lapsed during the reading of the let ters. . » * * * * * The extension of the North-West mail service was completed on Monday when a mail 'plane arrived at Wynd ham from Broome. It landed at* tlie aerodrome, two miles from tlie town, at 2.45 p.m., to the accompaniment of cheers from a large crowd. Major IS rear ley said that from a fiving point of view the route is excellent, and that the changing nature of the country will make the trip interesting to the air traveller. * * * When lightning struck the house of \r f1' a^ ^°wdcn, last week, Mrs. Atherton was rendered uncon scious for several minutes, and was severely bruised. The kitchen window and crockery and glassware on a side board were smashed, and part of the sideboard was destroyed. At the same time lightning brought down the head dock ^ trGe *n an a<*joining pad ? * ? Mr. Neils Nielsen, ex-licensee of a hotel in Brisbane, was the victim 'of a London confidence man, who told him ® had a charitable bequest to distribute. He was defrauded of £500. e had just arrived in London from Paris. * ? ? Astonishing evidence was given by an ex<-ouvict at a departmental in quiry into the conditions in the Pre tona Gaol, which was recently raided |»y the police. In the printer's shop, He said, convicts could get anything made, such as death certificates, immi gration permits, sweepstake tickets, and forged testimonials. Smuggling 011 a vast scale went on in the prison, warders charged 10/- for posting a letter. After his discharge witness de In ere<| brandy and tobacco to prison er.s. He alleged that work was done in the shops for warders. * * * Nearly 200 miners were entombed in a terrif&c-coal; gas explosion at, a min<> at Hansdorf (Germaiiy). A great imul of rescuers was assembled and succeeded in bringing 4!) miners out ahve. Hope has been abandoned for the safety of (lie others. One rescuer, was suffocated and another was elec trocuted. Hundreds of wiping women and children crowded roYmd the pit | head and there were hear treading | scenes as the bodies were laid in rows awaiting idenlilicafion. ? * «? [ Throughout (ho long-drawn-out un certainty as to the actual winners of the Calcutta Sweep tlie Barnstaple and Coventry syndicates (which be lieved they held Blenheim tickets though this was at one stage eontro dieted), remained quietly confident de spite all contradictions. They said they had word from Lloyd's Bank that everything was all right. Their faith was justifled last week, when both were summoned to the bank and re ceived their cheques, which are re ported to amount to about £65,000 .each, after deduction of the amount due to the. purchaser of a. share. How the apparent conflict in tlie figures of the tickets was adjusted has not been explained. The bank refustes to make a statement. . * * A runaway trolley on a hill on the Gippsland railway line, between Herne's Creek and Morwell, crashed into another trolley that was carry ing several permanent way men to work. Some of the men jumped clear before the trollies with great force collided. William Anderson, ganger, of Dandenong, was thrown on to the line, and one trolley passed over him, severing both his legs. He died on the way to hospital. The other men were not injured. Nobody was on the runaway trolley, which broke loose on a hill where another gang of railway men were working. * * * | Five persons were drowned, includ ing four passengers, one of whom was America n woSq&q;, "when a Dornier ^aLfly!ug boat emPloyed in the Stet tin-Stockholm service fell into the Bal tic Sea after a broken crankshaft caused the propeller to splinter, tear ing the wing and destroying the wire less aerials. The flying boat drifted m a heavy sea for several hours. A schooner which was unable to take off the passengers owing to the heavy seas began towing the flying boat, wh'ich capsized. The pilot, the mechanic and a passenger were picked up. Danish and German naval boats searched without success for the re mainder of the occupants. . * . A verdict of murder and suicide committed by Eardley Cotterill while of unsound, mind was the verdict re turned by a London Coroner at the in quest on Eardley Cotterill (24) and his wife, Margaret Cotterill (22), both of whom were found shot dead in the Hampstead home of the girl's parents. Gerald Lawrence, the prominent actor, and Fay Davis, the actress. Gerald Lawrence gave evidence tliat hi« daughter had met Cotterill when she was 17 and they had immediately fal len in love. The parents opposed mar riage because of the different social spheres occupy by the couple. They had not seen one another for two years when they were married. They found their temperaments unsuitable, and they separated a few months after wards. Correspondence, however, con tinued. In conversation just before the shooting Cotterill's wife had made it clear that she had no intention of hung with Cotterill. The Coronej said that Cotterill's letters showed that something had been distressing him. They contained expressions sue! as "I cannot bear to read your letter It gives me an awful pain in the heart. I have lost al! I wanted most dearly.'' He referred to himself as a "poor littli lonely sparrow outside." Cotterill liac1 written pleading for another chance .-?flying that if a telegram consenting did not arrive all would be finished I cannot live without you, Margery,' lie said.. She had written urging bin: not to think of dying, adding: "Take your life in your two strong hands and make something of it, as I have done.'1 Cotterill had later written asking hit wife to dinner during a short stay in London, and adding, "I promise that 1 won't break down and do anything as silly as shooting myself at the dinner table." Cotterill's diary contains 23 daily entries of the initials "N.L" meaning "no letter." Another entry on his wife's birthday, was* "My heart is breaking. I am so tired. I wish I was with her." The last entry was: "Any time after to-day-fininsh." Two doctors and a nurse have been arrested at Lubeck (Germany) and charged with culpable homicide in con nection with the deaths of 55 children in May following treatment by injec tions. It is feared that 64 other chil dren who are in hospital will not re cver. The prosecution alleges that the doctors continued the inoculations long after the first victims had died and, moreover, destroyed the serum.in order to hide the cause of the deaths. « * * During a storm in the shopping cen tre of Bankstown (New South Wales) last week, two shops in South-terrace were unroofed. One roof was blown on to the roof of adjoining premises, alarming the occupants, aud another was whirled- high into the air and scattered sheets of iron were deposited over a wide area, many falling in the roadways and narrowly missing people hurrying for shelter. Some of the sheets of galvanised iron were wrap ped like pieces of paper around a tele graph pole. The shops unroofed were those of J. McCarthy, draper and mer- ; cer, and C. Poacock, music salesman. ! # * * Lindsay Iiolfe (45) and his son, j aged six, were killed when a. motor j lorry on which they were riding over turned on Sassafras mouutain (New South Wales). Near the foot of the mountain the steering gear broke and overturned. The boy was pinned un der the lorry and was killed instantly, the lorry plunged over a bank and Rolfe was thrown clear, but his neck was broken. He left a widow and five children. * * * It is reported that a very promising \ gold-bearing reef has been struck by Mr. J. B. Barron on liis property at Burrier, on the Shoalhaven River, New South Wales. It is reported that some of the crushiugs have returned 30 j ounces to the ton. The find has cre ated intense interest loeally, and de velopments are being eagerly awaited. J* # ? At Buenos Aires a speeding tram- i car, carrying 62 workmen and several ether passengers, dropped into the Ohuelo River through a drawbridge that was open to allow a vessel to pass. Divers have recovered 48 bodies. I It is believed that only five persons I wore rescued. * * * At Dover last week the Prince of J Wales christened the world's largest j jand fastest motor lifeboat. He named the vessel "Sir William Hilary," after the founder of the lifeboat institution, who was concerned in the saving of 500 lives. The Prince said that the boat was built to guard against casu alties in steamship and aeroplane traf fic. Speed was essential in responding to calls for help from aircraft which came down in the channel. In design ing the boat these special requirements were borne in mind. * # * , A discovery of rich sulphide ore of copper and lead carrying high values of silver is reported to have been made in the Home of Bullion mine, near Barrow Creek, in Central Aus tralia. The mine is 100 miles from the Jervois Range silver lead find in the direction of Mt. Isa. The find was made at a depth of 98 feet. The out crop on the major formation is report ed to be more than a mile long and up to 34 feet wide on the surfa.ee. In addition to silver, lead and copper there is said to be a percentage of gold throughout the formation. ? * * Answering a question by Senator E.. B. Johnston (W.A.), the Leader j of the Government in the Senate i (Senator Daly) said that in view of the economic conditions existing in the Commonwealth, it had been, "found ne cessary, to limit the number of immi grants of certain European .nationali ties entering the. Commonwealth. In accordance with that limitation the entry of nationals of. such countries was now as a rul^ confined to very close relatives of persons already dom iciled' in Australia, and did not in clude adult males diesirous of coming 'into the country to marry. Applica tions received for the admission, of Poles under this arrangement had al ready taxed the quota to its full capacity. The French Foreign Minister (M. Briand) has officially informed the British Foreign Secretary (Mr. Hender son) that France is ready, with a view to furthering the Franco-Italian Naval negotiations, to accept the Italian proposal fo a naval holiday, suspending the 1930 building programme during the present year. # # * Sir Thomas Lipton's yacht Sham rock V., the challenger for the Ameri can Gup, leaves England this week. She has undergone the modifications necessary before a racing yacht can safely face the Atlantic crossing. The first of seven races for the Cup has been fixed for September 13. * * * At the height of a hurricane near Pitcairn Island on July 4, Mr. H. V. Seddall, chief officer of the steamer Tainui, was swept overboard and drowned. Desperate efforts to.resc-ue him failed owing to the heare^ seas. Wares 35 feet high prevented/, the launching of the ship's boats. ^ # * * Six boys from St Aidan's nautical school were drowned while bathing at Blackpool (Eng.) with a - summer camping party. They were apparently carried out by the tide and their cries were not heard on account of the gen eral laughter. The disaster was not suspected until the roll call was taken. * * * After an exhausting search in the scrub for her son Bernard (3), who had disappeared, Mrs. Margaret Bran ley, of Canley Vale (N.S.W.), saw his body floating in deep water "in a creek. She dived fully clothed into the creek and endeavored to reach the body. Meanwhile a man had reached the body, and with the assistance of Mrs. Branley brought "it ashore. A doctor endeavored without success to restore animation. ? ? * At the conclusion of an inquiry at' Xortham concerning the death of Al fred William Attwell (29), the District Coroner found that Attwell was wil fully murdered by John Alden Jines (55), a fellow worker. Jones was committed for trial on a charge of wil ful murder. Attwell and Jones wer^ working together as woodcutters, at Seabrook, six miles from Northanux-It is alleged that following a quarry-over the adjustment of the bridle on their horse Jones struck Attwell with an axe, inflicting a deep wound in his chest. " ' * * * } - Officers of the Japanese mail steamer Tango Marii, which berthed at Bris bane on Saturday, said that when they were about two days put from Thurs day Island the" lookout reported that a native fishing boat was flying signals of distress. 'The "steamer hove to and it, was found that nine Malay fisher Imen on board the boat were starving. The men said, that, after their ship !had been becalmed for a long period at Bird Island,* the majority of the crew of 40 were left on shore while fthe remaining nine set out to obtain assistance. When the boat got along side the steamer, the famished men cried qpt piteously for food, and the steamer's captain supplied them with. medicine, water, rice,' and tobacco. * * * . Six British. air liners -of the latest type have been ordered by the Belgian Government for airlines in the Congo. Accommodation for five passengers, pilot and navigator will be provided on the machines, which will be able to fly with a full load with any one of thfeir three engines stopped. They are to foe used over long tracts of jungle, where a forced landing would be par ticularly -unpleasant. Mr. J. Lock, a road-sweeper, who was a member of the Barnstaple syn dicate that drew one of the winning tickets (reported to be worth about £65,000) in the Calcutta Sweep, went to Australia six years before the Great War. He worked sis a butcher until the war broke out, when he and a friend tossed a coin to decide whether they would enlist. As a ..result tooth enlisted^in the A.I.F. Mr. Lock said <to-day that he was wounded twice and gassed. When demobilised he returned to his native town, and took the only job he could find. 