Danish Fliers Cross Atlanfe LAND IN GERMANY Bad Weather Hampers Flight DASH TO COPENHAGEN (Herald Special Representative) BERLIN. June 25, Otto Hillig and Captain Hoiriss, who set out on Wednesday from Harbor Grace (Newfoundland) on a flight to Copenhagen, have crossed the Atlantic safely. (pHEY made a forced landing at Cre- feld (Germany) at 5.30 p.m. today, and immediately afterward took off again for Copenhagen. ' A landing was made at Bremen, where they will remain overnight. The fiiers said that they lost their way when flying across Spain and France. Bad weather obliged Hillig to fly for 13 hours at a height of 12,000 feet. The airmen descended this morning and flew close to the sea until they sighted the coast of Spain. They crossed the German frontier late m tlie afternoon and landed at Crcfeld aerodrome to refuel. The journey from Harbor Grace to Crefeld took 32 hours. The average speed was 1124 miles an hour. Hillig and Hoiriss had only chocolate to eat during the flight. DANES' JAUNT HOME (HeraM' Special Representative) 5T .IflTTM Mouifntirvllnnfll .Tiinn T? JTEWS of-the" arrival of Hillig and Hoiriss in .pprpian was recely.eci \ fiefo /vfth ''the"catcst'""relet'.'", r v" Neither in experiencee nor in flying ability did they compare with the Post- Gatty combination. Frankly, they were what , they called themselves, "Two Danish immigrants re turning home for a visit." Hillig, who is 55, and a photographer, intended returning home last year aboard the airship Graf Zeppelin. He purchased a ticket, but at the last minute his re servation was cancelled. He brought a claim and collected £5QU0 for his disappointment. . With this money he purchased the aeroplane, and a few months ago engaged his countryman, Hoiriss, aged 30, as pilot. POST AND GATTY AT MOSCOW (Herald Special Representative) MOSCOW, June 25. QONTrNUING their air dash around the world, Wiley Post and his Aus tralian companion, Harold Gatty, left Berlin at 7.35 today, and reached Mos cow at 4.10 p.m. Wind and rain hindered the fliers, who covered the 925 miles between the two cities in eight hours. They were welcomed by the Soviet Aviation League, and entertained at a banquet at the Savoy Hotel. The airmen will leave for Irkutsk at dawn, following the trans-Siberian rail way, and will fly thence, via Habarovsk, apross the Northern Pacific. LINDBERGH AS PUPIL SYDNEY, Friday. — "A quiet, reserved chap, but always willing to have a 'go' at anything," is how Mr Harold Gatty is described by Mr J. A. R. Patrick, of James Patrick and Co., shipowners. Mr Patrick was best man at tne flier's wedding in Sydney. They were both pupils at Jervis Bay Naval College to 1919. Writing of his experiences with the Wells Aerial Navigating System. Mr Gatty told Mr Patrick that he had num bered Col. Lindbergh, Mrs Keith Miller, and many other prominent fliers among his pupils. He was a good athlete in his Sydney days, said Mr Patrick, but he showed no special interest to flying while he was here. Mrs Gatty was before her marriage Miss Vera McCulloch, of Balmain. They were married at Mosman about six years ago. 