British-Israel Americas History Outlined Blessing of Birthright \ Following Is the second part of an article 'by M. Bloxam which appeared In the "British-Israel Herald":— Tho Divine purpose In history must never be lost sight of, and Scripture teaches more than anything how God is present m tno world, guiding, con trolling, and shaping the destinies of nations. Their bounds have been set, wo are told (Amos !x. 9), "according to the number of tho children of Israel," and In the United States we find a remarkable fulfilment concern ing the Tribe of Manasseh. In the settlement of Canaan, under Joshua, this .tribe, quite unlike any of the others, was in two main divisions, ono portion having land from tho sea to the borders of Issachar, and the other on tho east of the Jordan. To quote Professor . Odium, of Van couver: "The reason for this division was because certain descendants showed more fully their Egyptian mothers' descent, and were very dark, and the others resembled Joseph and were much fairer. So tho dark por tion, being slightly despised, kept in their own portion of land." Wo who bellovo the role of Man asseh Is fulfilled In the people ot U.SA. aio, therefore, not In the least surprised to find their land again In two sections, and a study of American history proves how very different these two sections were (one might almost say antagonistic, the one to the other). A "GREAT PEOPLE" For America had two beginnings — one in Virginia, the other at Plymouth Rock — the two sections forming one nation, and tho amalgamation ot these sections with tho original settlers of the Norse " and Scandinavian races has produced the .necessary require ments to constitute a "great people." As wo have already noticed, many of those who' left the shores of Britain In the Mayflower were men of learn ing and renown, while the Scandin avians, who prefer the hardy, outdoor llfo of the farmer, are to bo found In the North-western States. ' Others, again, descendants of tho Vikings, follow the call of the sea, though tho town dwellers of that samo race are, for the most part, skilled artisans. Tho Norwegian, Swedish, and Danish elements occupy themselves mainly in agriculture and dairy farming, thus combining characteristics that build UP a great nation. ... Once again I must repeat tnat, in studying history, what we need so much Is to see there the hand of God. and trace His dealings with men and The writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews clearly does this, and wo who follow that line of thought find noth ing strange in the fact that the vari ous migrations Into the land, of Great Britain as: the representative of the Tribe of Ephraim, and U.S.A. ot Man asseh — should have followed a Divinely — chosen plan. Our historians, Green and Freeman— neither ot whom had any knowledge of British- Israel Truth— are agreed in stating that the various tribes which settled In Britain from time to time were kindred tribes, which accounts for the fact that they eventually fUBed Into and formed the British nation. For as racial fusion Is Impossible, ex cept among those of kindred stock, it Is not the least surprising that eventu ally they should have given utterance to the cry, "Give us room to dwell In," which migration had its beginning In December, 1620, In the people who set sail In the Mayflower. „ GUIDING HAND. Undoubtedly the gulldlng . hand of God was In all this, unconscious as were those immigrants ot the pro phetic words of Gen. xllx., Deut. xxxli. 8 — 13, or Isaiah xllx. 20; and Manas seh is a remarkable fulfilment of this prophecy. Some historians will tell us American history can be traced for 900 years. But we who believe the American people are of the stock of Joseph, through his son, Manasseh, acknow ledge, that although they may not have tho sanctity of Ephriam's Coronation- stone, yet they possess as sucred a one In their own minds in their Fly- mouth Rock, the great boulder which witnessed the landing on that shore of the Pilgrim Fathers of the Mayflower, and which each year brings thousands from all over the world to visit; and It Is interesting to note that, jn the possession of these stoneB, the "com pany of nations" and the "great peoplo" possess their most treasured relies. But to obtain tho correct perspective ot American history we must travel back some 3,500 years, and there we find Joseph, the eleventh son of the old patriarch, Joseph, who had been taken as a slave into Egypt, but who. was now, next to the Pharaoh, tho mpst Important personage In the land, being food controller during the years of famine. Ho had married an Egyptian of high rank, a daughter, of a priest (or prince) of On, and a. descendant of tho Shem- Jtlc or Hyksos kings, through Shorn, as was also Joseph. . . In the square where stood this temple of On wero two obelisks, one of which now stands In London on the Thames Embankment, and the other In Now Y'ork; surely as a sign and a witness both the "company of nations" (Britain) and tho "great people" (U.S.A.), of their. Shemltlc ancestory, for these monuments must undoubtedly have witnessed tho marriage ot Joseph and Asenath, their common ancestor." By this marriage Joseph had two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim, and in the death-bed scene described In Gen. xlvlli. Jacob, their grandfather, speci ally adopts them as joint heirs with his other sons. The fact that these two boys were, on their mother's side, ot Egyptian descent, made It necessary for Jacob to adopt them, and make them. as fully his own, as were the others, before he could bestow upon them tho covenant birthright blessings of Abraham and I1!0' n0"c0 the descendants of these two boys were to grow together until they became "a multitude of people In the midst of tho earth." THE COMMENCEMENT. It Js from this scene we trace the commencement of the American nation. Undoubtedly tho greater number of the representatives of Ephraim do not yet sufficiently recognise this fact, that is, that Manasseh is made not only sole joint heir with his brother, Eph raim, in the national birthright, but also corepresentatlve ot his father, Joseph, and, like him, was also sep arated nationally not only from Eph raim, but also from his seml-raclal brethren, part of whom, according to the Prophet Ezeklol, are with Judah (Lzek. xxxvli.). But the dny wilt come when these brethren will alt he restored to their national home in Palestine, when they will once more form ono nation, with ono king over them (Ezek. xxxvli. 22) It was evidently not tho wish of Joseph that the younger brother should precede the elder one, for we notice In tho account given us how careful Joseph was In tho placement of tho boys. But the Patriarch Is speaking under Divine inspiration, and places Ephraim before every other jhllcl, oven above Reuben, the first-born (I, Chron. v. I, .), to become the representative of all the political and national blessings, which, through theso two boys, all the nations of the earth would receive, both temporal and also spiritual, through their combined missionary efforts — and It Is an acknowledged fact that 90 per ceqt of all missionary work !? "Pdertaken by Great Britain and U.S.A. Joseph evidently had no knowledge of the double blessing in store for the descendants of Ephraim and Manaa- scli. At tho tlmo of. the division of their land of inherltanco Josh. xvil. 1) wo roii'-: "There was also a lot for the I rlbe of Manasseh, for ho was the first -born of Joseph"; and again; "Tho children of Joseph were two tribes, M nasseh and Ephraim." So Manas seh not only holds the birthright ot his father's house by the law of primo- geniture, but he also shares equally with Ephraim In .the national birth right, except as regards population, or . that the name Ephraim should be tho representative name of the remaining- tribes, who are "the thousande of Man asseh and the ten th-usands of Eph raim" (Deut.. xxxvltl. 17). Thus Ephraim Is placed In front of, or before, his brother — but not above — and tho blessings and Identity marks are shared by the descendants of those two houses in Great Britain and U.S.A. BLESSINGS OF HEAVEN, They wero to be blessed with tho blessings of heaven above, "unto tho uttermost bounds; of the everlasting hills' (Deut. xxxllj, 13—18), which, of course, means Immense wealth In gold, silver and other minerals, as well as the mining industries of Great Britain iu1 all of which blessings, <!l0 u t\v sons, wero to rest upon the head of him who was separate from his brethren" (Oen. xllx. 22 26). Joseph, we know, was separated from his brethren; so was Manasseh by the Declaration of Independence, July a. 1776, whon the prophecy' of Isaiah lxvi came about, and a nation was i'born In a day." , But while tho brothers were to oe separated, the breach Is to be healed, as In the case of their father, Joseph, that the one should be of service to the other In the time of need (yet future), Joseph was the only one of Jacob's sons who was separated from his brethren, but he was eventually reunited, and all their share In tho trouble forgiven. « So in these "latter days" the two branches of his house will be united, that together tliey may struggle for Ine betterment of the great Anglo Saxon family, and their associates— that Is, those nations "grafted into the old olive," In order to overthrow tho alien hordes, who aro out to destroy "tho Kingdom of the Lord." Both Moses and Isaiah (Deut. xxxlli. XT;' Isaiah lxv. 23) foreshadow the tlmo when these two brother nations shall become allies, and not labour In vain, nor bring forth trouble. Tho world needs saving, and It must ho saved. The English-speaking people, working together In coriirada- shlp and Industry, are tho Divinely- appointed Instruments to do this. Truly a heavy responsibility rests upon tliem In these "troublous times." Will they not In real earnest, by combined effort, begin the task soon? Does Anglo-Saxon Israel realise that the world Is looking for her lead in all ways that make for the King dom of God? When will they together rise' to dis charge their obligations to God and mankind? IDENTIFICATION' MARKS Finally, let us considor a few of the marks that can bo specially iden tified with Manasseh and U.S.A.; those in connection with Ephraim (Great Britain) have been so often stated that repetition is unnecessary. The fqct of Manasseh's separation Is Scrlpturally foretold by Isaiah xllx. 20\. Israol of tho Isles would lose 0110 child, and afterwards her children would say they must have room for expansion. Britain has never lost but one of her children (tho original thir teen States In America), and after 1776 A.D. Britain developed Into an Empire, or "company ot nations" as the prophet said. Again. Manasseh's problem always was tho alien, as wo read In Josh, xvll. 12, nnd to-day she has tho stranger within her gates, as has n, other nation! Israel were told never to forget they had been strangers In the land of Egypt; therefore tho stranger among them was to be as the home-born (Deut. xlx. 33-34), and It Is a law In both Britain and U.S.A. that after a specified lapse of time, If they so desire, aliens may lake out naturali sation papers, become adopted, and enjoy all the privileges of citizenship. Again, part of the mission ot Israol was to "undo the heavy burdens, nnd let the oppressed go free." England freed her slaves In A.D. 1S3S; America In 1SG1. (To be Concluded.) 