ATLANTIC FLIGHT. ANOTHER CROSSING. / Hillig and Horlis. BERLIN. June 25. Hllligiand Holris, 'xe trans-Atlantic flyers from Newfoundland were fore d to land at Krefeld at S.30 this aft'r noon. They look off again Immul lately for Copenhagen. It Is staiid they lost their way when flying acn^s Spain and France. iitid weather obliged HIUIb to fly tor 13 hours at 12,000 feet above the clouds. Descending this morn.ng they flew close to the sea until they sighted tbe coast of Spain, and i he German frontier late in the afternoon, and landed at Krefeld Acrouromr to refuel. They were 32 hours flying, averaging 1121 miles, nnd uubsisicd on chocolate. ST. JOHN. June 25. It was learned with greet relief this afternoon of the arrival in Cor many of Hillig and Holris, who left here at 3.80 on Wednesday morning for Copenhagen: Neither In exper ience nor In flying ability did they compare with the Potl-Uahy combin ation. Frankly they were what they called themselves, 'Two Danish im migrants returning home for a visit.' They have lived in the United States for many years. Hillig (aged 65) photographer. In tended returning home last year aboard the Graf Zeppelin. He pur chased a Ucket, but at tho last minute tbe reservation was cancelled. He brought a suit and collected £5000 for h'.i disappointment. With this money ho bought an aeroplane, and a few months ago engaged a countryman, Horlis, aged 80, to pilot It. COPENHAGEN, June 25. Holris' mother and sister anxiously waited all day at the flag-draped Kaa trup aerodrome. They were over Joyed at the news of the Krefeld land ing. Hillig, who is 6B, went to the United States at the age of 15. He became rich. He is an expert photo grapher. He planned a triumphal home-coming and took a passage on the Qraf Zeppelin, but was ejected at the last moment for a more Import ant passenger. He met Holris, an airman, In a hotel lobbv and voiced bts grievance ana Holris replied, 'Buy a 'plane. I'll fly you borne.' VtV-V\XTPK Tuna 01 jsiULAiibn, June ^o. Hillig and Holris have landed and are remaining overnight. 