UNITED STATES FOOD PRODUCTS. Mr. George Marples, export manager of the Cudahy Meat Packing Company, Chicago, In a circular dated May 20, gives some interesting indications of the economic conditions in the United States affecting the extension of the export trade In foodstuffs. Mr. Marples, who was a delegate to the sixth general Congress of the International Chamber of Commerce, held in Washington, says he found representa- tives of the united States Department of Agri- culture very pessimistic In reference to the extension of the country's export trade in food products. They said the United States could no longer hope to compete with Russia in the production of wheat, as Russia hnd a wheat belt 200 miles in width and 1000 miles in length, peculiarly adopted for the mass pro- duction of wheat. Neither could the United States compete with Argentina and Ura guay in the production of corn and beef, nor sell butter and cheese in Europe a'gainst New Zealand. As far as sheep and wool were concerned Australia would constantly undersell the United States in these products. Even the trade in pork products had been lost, as the Danish competitor could raise hogs cheaper. In fact, one gentleman, claiming to represent the agricultural interests of the United States, stated that every effort would be made to Increase the duty on competitive food products entering the United States-that they intended to insist on still further pro- tection at the coming session of Congress next December. Mr. Marples concludes with the following comment:-"In recent months the immigration laws have been tightened, so that there is practically no immigration into the United States at the present time, and if we are to depend upon the slow increase of our own population to absorb our surplus capacity for production, it seems to me we can no longer count In this country on the assistance froma rapidly increasing population, and that our present plants and equipment will be quite sufficient, without any material extension, to take care of our trade for some years to come." 