AVIATION TRIUMPH. TWO NORSEMEN. Flight Across Atlantic. HOME FROM UNITED STATES. 1 AUSTRALIAN CABLE SERVICS.J BERLIN, Thursday.—Otto Hillig and Holger Hoi Riis, two Norsemen, who left St. John s, Newfoundland, 10 hours after Post and Gatty took off, made a forced landing at Krefeld aerodrome at 5.30 p.m. They refuelled and immediately took off for Copenhagen. They stated they lost their way flying across Spain and France. Bad weather obliged them to fly 13 hours 12,000 feet above the clouds. They descended in the morning, and flew close to the sea, until they sighted the coast of Spain. They crossed the German frontier late in the afternoon and landed at Krefeld after 32 hours' flying, averaging 112i -miles an hour. They said they subsisted on chocolate. The absence of news of these trans- Atlantic fliers caused great anxiety at Copenhagen and St. John's, as they should have landed in the morning, and were not reported after leaving Newfoundland at 3.30 am. on Wednesday. Neither in experience nor flying ability did they compare with the Post and Gatty combination. They were frankly what they called themselves, "two Danish immigrants returning home for a visit." They had lived in the United States for many years, and Hillig was 55 and a photographer. He intended returning home last year on board the Graf Zeppelin and purchased a ticket, but at the last minute the reservation wa£ cancelled. He brought a suit against the company and collected £5000 for his disappointment. With this money he purchased an aeroplane, and a few months ago engaged a fellow-countryman. Hoi Riis, age 30, as his pilot. COPENHAGEN, Thursday. — Hoi Riis's mother and sister anxiously waited all day long at the flag-draped Kastrup Aerodrome, i and were overjoyed at the news of the Krefeld landing. Hillig went to the United States at the age of 15 and became a rich and expert photographer. He planned triumphal homecoming, and took a passage on the Graf Zeppelin but was ejected at the last moment for a more important passenger. He met Hoi Riis in an hotel lobby and voiced his grievance. Hoi Riis replied, "Buy a 'plane and I will fly you home.*' 