British-Israel America's History Outlined Blessing of Birthright Following is the second part of an article by M. Bloxam which appeared In tho "British -Israel Herald": — The Divine purpose In history must never bo lost sight of, and Scripture teaches more than anything how God is present In the world, guiding, con trolling, and shaping the destinies ot nations. Their bounds have been set, we are told (Amos lx. 9), "according to the number of tho children of Israel," and in the United States we find a remarkable fulfilment concern ing the Tribe of Manasseh. In the settlement of Canaan, under Joshua, this tribe, quite unlike any of the others, was In two main divisions, one portion having land from the sea to the borders of Issachar, and the other on the east of the Jordan. To quote Professor Odium, of Van couver: "The reason for this division was because certain . descendants showed more .fully their Egyptian mothers' descent, and were very dark, and the others resembled Joseph and were much fairer. So tho dark por tion, being' slightly despised, kept In their own portion of land." Wo who believe tho role of Man- assoh Is fulfilled In the people of U.S.A.' aro, therefore, not In the least surprised to find their land again in two sections, and a study ot American history proves how very different theso two sections wore (one might almost say antagonistic, tho one to the other). A "GREAT PEOPLE" For America had two beginnings— one in Virginia, tho other at Plymouth Rock— tho two sections forming one nation, and tho amalgamation of these sections with the original settlers of tho Norse and Scandinavian races has produced the necessary require ments to constitute a "great people." As we have already noticed, many of those who left tho shores of Britain in the Mayflower were men of learn ing and renown, while the Scandin avians, who prefer tho hardy, outdoor life of the farmer, are to bo found in tho North-western States. Others, again, descendants ot the Vikings, follow the call of tho sea, though tho town dwellors ot that same race are, for the most part, skilled artisans. Tho . Norwegian, Swedish, and Danish elements occupy themselves mainly in agriculture- and dairy farming, thuB combining characteristics that build un a creat nation. Once again I must repeat that, In studying history, what we need bo much is to see there the hand of God, and trace His dealings with men and nations. . The writer of tho Epistle to the Hebrews clearly does this, and we who follow that line of thought find noth ing strange in the fact that the vari ous migrations into the land of Great Britain as the representative of the Tribe ot Ephralm, and U.S.A. ot Man asseh — should havo followed a Divinely—chosen plan. Our historians, Green and Freeman — neither of whom had any knowledge of British- Israel Truth— are agreed In stating that the various tribes which settled in Britain from tlmo to time were kindred tribes, which accounts for the fact that they eventually fused into and formed the British nation. For as racial fusion Is impossible, ex cept among those of kindred stock. It Is not the least surprising that eventu ally they should have given utterance to the cry, "Give us room to dwell in," which migration had Its beginning In December, 1620, In tho people who set sail in the Mayflower. GUIDING HAND. Undoubtedly the guilding hand of God was In all. this, unconscious as were those Immigrants of the pro phetic words of Gen. xltx., Deut. xxxil. 8 — 13, or Iealah xltx. 20; and Manas seh is a remarkable fulfilment of this prophecy. . Some historians will tell us American history can ho traced for 900 years. But we who believe the American people are of' the stock of Joseph, through his son, Manasseh, acknow ledge that although they may not have the sanctity of Ephrlam's Coronation- stone, yet they possess as sacred a one In their own minds In their Ply mouth Rock, the great boulder which witnessed the landing on that shore of tho Pilgrim Fathers of the Mayflower, and which each year brings thousands from all over the world to visit; and It Is interesting to note that, In the possession of these stones, the "com pany of nations" and the "great people" possess their most treasured relics. But to obtain , the correct perspective of American history we -must travel back some 3,500 years, and there we find Joseph, the eleventh son' of the old' patriarch, Joseph, who had . been taken as a slave into Egypt, but who was now, next to the Pharaoh, the most important personage In the land, being food controller during the years of famine. He had married an Egyptian of high rank, a daughter of a priest (or prince) of On, and a descendant of the Shem- ltlo or Hyksos kings, through Shorn, as was also Joseph. In the square where stood this temple of On were two obelisks, one of which now stands In London on tho Thames Embankment, and tho other In New 1 York; surely as a sign and a witness to both the "company of nations" (Britain) and the "great people" (U.S.A.), of their Shemltlc ancestory, for these monuments must undoubtedly havo witnessed the marriage of Joseph and Asenatli, their common ancestor." By this marriage Joseph had two sons, Manasseh and Ephralm, and in the death-bed scene descrloed In Gen. xlvlll. Jacob, their grandfather, speci ally adopts them as Joint heirs with his other sons. The fact that these two boys were, on their mother's Bide, ot Egyptian descent, made it neceesary for Jacob to adopt them, and make them as fully his own, as were the others, before he bestow upon them the covenant birthright blessings of Abraham and Isaac. And notice the descendants of theso two boys were to grow together until they became "a multitude o£ people In the midst ot the earth." THE COMMENCEMENT. It Is from this scene we trace the commencement of the American nation. Undoubtedly the greater number of tho representatives of Ephralm do not yet sufficiently recognise this fact, that is, that Manasseh is made not only sole Joint heir with his brother, Eph ralm, In the national birthright, but also corepresentative of his father, Joseph, and, like him, was also sep arated nationally not only from Eph ralm, but also from his seml-raclal brethren, part of whom, according to the Prophet Ezeklel, are with Judah (Ezek. xxxvll,). But tho day wlli come when these brethren will all be restored to their national homo In Palestine, when they will once more form one nation, with one king over them (Ezek. xxxvli. 22) 11 was evidently not the wish ot Joseph that the younger brother should precede tho elder one, for we notice In the account given us how careful Joseph was In the placement of tho boys. But the Patriarch Is speaking under Divine Inspiration, and places Ephralm before every other jhild, even above Reuben, the first-born (I. Chron. v. 1, .), to become the representative of all the political and national blessings, which, through these two boys, all the nations of tho earth would receive, both temporal and also spiritual, through their combined missionary efforts— and it Is an acknowledged fact that 00 per cent of all mlaslonary work la undertaken by Great Britain and U.S.A. Joseph evidently had no knowledge of the double blessing in store for the descendants of Eiihratm and Manas seh. At the time of tho division of their land of inheritance .Ibsh, xvll. 1) we rea'\\- "There was also a lot for the I rlbo of Manasseh, for he was the first-born of Joseph"; and again; "The children of Joseph wore two tribes, M-.nasseh and Ephralm." So Manas- "®h "ft only holds the birthright of his father's house by tho law of primo- geniture, but he also shares equally,! with Ephralm , In the - national birth- right, except as regards population, or that the name Ephralm should be the, ' representative name of the remaining tribes, who are "the thousands of Man-/' asseh and the ten thousands of Eph- ; ralm" (Deut. xxxvlll. 17). Thus,, Ephralm Is placed In front of, or before, > his brother— but not above — and the: blessings and identity marks are shared by tho descendants ot theso1 two houses in Grdat Britain and U.S:A- BLESSINGS OF HEAVEN, They were to be blessed with the blessings of heaven above, "unto' the uttermost bounds of the everlasting; hills' (Deut. xxxill. 13—18), which, of " course, means Immense wealth in gold, ' stiver and other minerals, as weH as1 the mining industries of Great Britain and U.S.A., all of which blessings, through his two sons, were to rest upon.' the head of him who was separate from his brethren" (Gen. xllx. 22 — 28). Joseph, we know, was separated from ' his brethren; so was Manasseh by the Declaration of Independence, .July 4, 1776, when the prophecy of Isaiah lxvl. ' came about, £nd a nation was "born In a day." But while the brothers were to no separated, the breach is to be healed, as In the case of their father, Joseph, that the one should bo of service to1 the other in the time of need (yet future). Joseph was the only one o4' Jacob's sons who was separated from! his brethren, but he was eventually-' reunited, and all their share In the trouble forgiven. So in theso "latter dayu" the two . branches of his house will be united, that together they may struggle for the betterment of the great Anglo- Saxon family, and their associates—" that Is. those nations "grafted Into the old olive," in order to overthrow tho alien hordes, who are out to destroy "the Kingdom of the Lord." Both Moses and Isaiah (Deut. xxxill. 17; , Isaiah Ixv. 23) foreshadow the time when theso two brother nations shall t become alltos, and not labour in vain, nor bring forth trouble. The world needs saving, and It must be saved. The English-speaking ' people, working together in comrade ship and Industry, are the Divinely- appointed Instruments to do this. Truly a heavy responsibility rests upon thom In theso "troublous tlmeB." Will they not In real earnest, by combined effort, begin the task soon?' Does Anglo-Saxon Israel realise that the world Is looking for her lead In all ways that make for the King dom ot God? When will they together rise to dis charge their obligations to God and mankind I IDENTIFICATION MARKS Finally, let us consider a few of tho marks that can be specially Iden tified with Manasseh and U.S.A.;-4hose In connection with Ephralm (Great , Britain) have 'been so often stated that repetition Is unnecessary. The faot of Manasseh's separation Is Scripturally foretold by Isaiah xllx. 20, Israel of tho Isles would lose one child, and afterwards her children would say they must have room for expansion, Britain has never lost but one of her children (the original thir teen States in America), and after 1776 A. D. Britain developed into an Empire, or "company ot nations" as the prophet said. Again, Manasseh's problem always was tho alien, as wo read In Josh, xvll, 12, and to-day she has the. stranger within her gates, as has no other nation! Israel wero told never to forgot they had been strangers tn tho land of Egypt; therefore tho stranger among them was to bo as the home-born (Deut. xlx. 33-34), and It is a law in both Britain and U.S.A. that after a specified lapse of time, If they so desire, aliens may take out naturali sation papers, bocome adopted, and enjoy all the privileges of citizenship. Again, part of the mission ot Israel was to "undo tho heavy burdens, and lot the oppressed go free." England freed her slaves In A.D. 1838; America In 1861. . (To be Concluded.) 