TodIc&I; iTciife pyi^D^: jnieother ^day, in the N.S.W. | .V r ; -Assembly^ . Labor 7mernber Heffrph 1 t-:: hinted; that the- Minister for Industry *- - mighty incorporate-in^his Amending Arbi- 1 T , tration .Bill, a penal clause to apply to i * pmnlfivprs who -nprsist In rienrfviner their i ' employees of proper award wages: Heffron ' declared that' such a clause 'would cause \- certain (employers to see the inside of a jail like any other robber.' After all, what is the difference between sucli swindlers and the ordinary thief? The only difference at present seems to be that one goes to jail, and the othei Escapes -it.. 'Which did you like best, Aunty. Going up in the aeroplane or coming down ?' 'Getting out.' X-RAY: The intimation to the effect that the N.S.W. Cabinet has decided to protect from private exploitation large \- ' areas of cement-producing land in the Mpdgee and Carlos Gap districts makes good — even if somewhat long-delayed — news. The present intention is to dedicate these lands for the purpose of the estab lishment of cement factories, and to ap point trustees from the Mines, Lands and Works Departments. Cement to-day— especially in railway and road construc tion—is a very vital asset, and the State ' has to make a chbice between owning and ' working the depo&its; or to be a victim to , , profiteering ' by Private. Enterprise. ' ?fTTOODSTOCK: The state President of ? * * the N.S.W. Returned Sailors and' Soldiers' League has ^emphatically de- f dared that his organisation is in no way' attached to the newly-formed Ex- Soldiers : . and Citizens' Political Party of Aus tralia; and adds that the League is defi nitely non-political and non-sectarian. ' While the matter of sectarianism can be J ' dismissed, it would be interesting to know by what processes of reasoning the new, . x body can be. politically atheistic; The I t ?. ' truth is that multitudes of. Australians y^ho were practically conscripted into the) '? Big.. Blood Bath are. out ofwork, and de- , . pendent on meagre pensions, t or equally, meagre doles. Consequently, the organi- . sation referred to above sounds like some- , thing that, while not fighting for itself, will accept any benefits that the political organisations manage to get. # » # ; '\T-R.: The Tory press revels in. . ^ directing attention to the action of somebody who abuses the dole system to the extent of obtaining a double issue of rations when he is entitled only to a| ^ single issue. -But the same press never ( by any chance mentions the fact that the ? rations ^vouchsafed, at their best, would be spurned by men in constant work and J possessing the independence of spirit that such constancy logically connotes. Ad- j ? mittedly there may be a very occasional few who impose on the dole authorities; ] but, on the other hand, it can safely be said that there are hundreds who reliic- j ? v. tantly accept the rations, and often hand them over to women and children more ? desperately in need of them. j /CADMIUM: A number , of people , are ^ alleged to be 'poling' on the dole in Sydney. A case was. mentioned last week in which a man had obtained five sets of rations in one week. What he couldn't eat, he soldi it was said. 'Shocking!' cry the unco guid. But in the writer's opin ion that sort of dodge, as. things are now, Is not to be wondered at. Men instinc tively want to make a living, arid if they can't do . it honestly there are sure to be temptations to do it the other way. Some who are tempted fall, no doubt. Well, who's to blame for that? * « * 'DROWN,. MADDER: In attacking the time-payment system in his court last week Judge Curlewis was dogmatically obtuse. If poor people didn't buy things that way they would never have them at all, and trade would be worse than ever. The struggle of the workers to obtain what are generally considered to be luxuries for them— such as gramophones, wireless setsj and pianos— keeps up the standard of liv ing. Anyway, it's hardly decent for a Judge with a couple of thousand a year to lecture -the basic wage- earners on self-, denial. - ? - . WOODSTOCK: We were told that the World War which started in 1914 was destined to 'end war. But how do existent facts square with that assertion? In 1913 the various nations spent £700 nnnnnn on armaments. But in 1930 they expended £1,000,000,000. Of course since 1914 oil has become a big com mercial factor, , and . this being so, it wouldn!t be at ,all surprising if the next big shindy comes to be called the 'Oil War' — and a war which will very largely be fought by workers who won't own even a decent habitation, much less a motor car. ? ( * * TWTEDICUS: A lady contributor to the 'S.M. Herald,' in view of the enforced closing of hospital beds through lack of funds, states that every deep-thinking per son must wonder what is going to happen to many of Sydney's sick people during the coming winter months.. 'She rightly ppints. out that it is ip the winter that most of the serious easily-communicable diseases appear— diseases which leave a train of complications, and disabilities. With lowered wages and less employment there seems little . doubt ., that a lot of pathetic suffering is inevitable. If. health were nationalised, the outlook wouldn't be so dismal, but, as things are,, the proba bility is that private charity will be ap pealed to— and charity 'is a* cold circum stance at its best. #' ' m m pOPAL MEGILP: It's no use telling Sir. ^ George Wiljtins, .the Australian ex plorer, that his projected submarine voyage to the North Pole is 'suicidal,' as some English papers are doing. Wilkins is one of those incurable adventurers who have so frequently made history. That kind often go to their death uselessly, but just as frequently they achieve .the im possible, and the world is enriched by their daring, as Well as being thrilled by their deeds. Good luck to Wilkins, anyway. Let George do it! ' ♦ * ' * /CADMIUM: £2,000,000 a year is being ^ spent on the 'dole' in New South Wales alone. T8 such an impecunious pass has Capitalism brought a large pro portion of our population! Beggars are becoming so numerous in the city streets and round the suburban backdoors that we shall soon have attained quite Euro pean levels of civilisation. After thous ands of years of progress, and the age long teachings of countless religions, for vast multitudes of people it was never so hard to procure food as it is to-day. Isn't it time we had a world-shaking Change? ' ? ? TTIRIDIAN : Archbishop Wright, of Syd * ney, administered a rebuke the other day to those who are always crying, 'The t Church must lead,' in connection with politics. And Wright was right. We don't want Official Christianity butting into the political arena and meddling with affairs of State. We're near enough to the Dark Ages without that. * ? # 'DROWN MADDER: Clashes between demonstrating unemployed and the police are becoming so numerous and so sanguinary^ in all the States that it almost looks as though we were ? on the verge of a big bust-up. But Aussie crowds 011 the whole are singularly peaceful and good tempered. Even under brutal provoca tion they are generally content to an jswer batons with fists and bullets with j stones. 'Lay 'em out' Governments would do well to be careful, for all that. Human nature — especially when it's hungry — is dangerous material to jump upon. . # . # * rnHE decision of Mr. Tunnecliffe, Chief Secretary of Victoria, to hold an in quiry into the methods of crime investiga tion by the police will be welcomed by the public. The failure of the police to bring the perpetrators of several brutal murders to justice has not only dismayed the pub lic, but the circumstances attending the charging of two arrested men have greatly shaken confidence in the administration of justice. ' * * * TV/TR. M. O'DOWD, recently 'elected Pre ? , sident of the Victorian Branch of. the- Australian Civil Servants' Association, is a son of the well-known democratic poet, Mr. Bernard O'Dowd. He is a barrister by profession, and is employed in the Mel bourne Titles Office. As might have been expected, O'Dowd, junior, brilliantly got through all his examinations, and looks like going very far in the Service. So far he has not notably , wooed,, the Muse, but, ?as he is yet comparatively youthful, it wouldn't be a very hazardous prediction to say that in his more ripened years he will follow, more or less, in his distin guished father's footsteps, and write lite rature. that will be accounted worthy of taking, its place, in representative Austra lian anthologies. . ft ? - ? . # . ? . rpHUS the 'Age' on Latham's censure motion in the Federal' Parliament: 'The Leader of the Opposition indicated no fresh line of approach to the menacing problems with which the nation is faced. He seemed to forget that to the finding of acceptable solutions for such problems the Opposition, quite as much as the Government, is pledged. The Scullin Go vernment has admittedly been on many counts disappointing, but Friday's debate reveals that, at this crisis, the Federal Opposition can give no adequate lead, can shed no light.' # # # 'ITTOODSTOCK: Dr. Earle Page, leader ' of the Federal Country Party, says that in view of the comparatively small majority obtained by Laborite Ward in the East Sydney by-election last Satur day, following the Labor setback in Parkes, it is clear that the Scullin Govern ment has lost the confidence of the people, and should resign. Such, a state ment is rather ridiculous coming from Uage, whose Party, while professing the possession of a separate entity, is really a cog in the Nationalist machine. At any rate, the Nationalists had the pluck to put up a candidate against Ward — even though he was alleged to be an exLabor ite; but so far as Page and his Party are concerned, they merely hung back in the shadows, and now want to mop up some of the credit (?) for decreasing Labor's majority! „ 1 . 'DURALITE: The N.S.W.' Government ? has decided to grant immediate relief to settlers -in the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area who cannot pay the full instalments due. Minister for Agriculture Dunn re cently announced that, where annual pay ments cannot be made in full -partial pay ments will be allowed, and the balance .written off. In order, to arrive at a fair basis two Boards are being established one,. to deal with small holdings -and the other with larger areas, including rice farms. It is to be hoped that something practical _and_ effective will be, accom plished, for' the irrigation ^ areas 'used to be sheep runs— and produced profits, not for ... , ; V-RAY* According to 'S.M. Herald, '- the 'All for Australia League' has been launched under favorable auspices. The movement would be much more in-, spiring if many people didn't harbor, the suspicion' that the leaders 'regard them selves as Australia — arid want all of it. # # # * TT J : THE Uncle Sam House of Repre *' ? sentatives has passed the Jenkins Bill, which restricts immigration to the ; United States for two, years. With a view j to relieving unemployment the United J States proposes to limit overseas arrivals to the tune of 90 per cent. Possibly such , limitation will predicate an attempted British unemployed migration to Austra lia. However, in view of Prime Minister Scullin's pronouncement some time ago it is scarcely likely that any such at tempt would have any probabilities of success, especially as scores of thousands of Australians are not only out of work, but perilously adjacent to the semi hunger line. # ^ * # UNDA : Recently the Commonwealth! V^' Inspector- General of Forests candidly expressed the opinion that there is but very little timber in Australia to export, and that, from the national standpoint, it is questionable whether the export of I WmKor ie ? rtaciroVilo 'Rnilpri rfnwn A/Tr Poole's statement means that what easily might have been a big and continuously profitable industry has-been sacrificed, partly to wheat and Wool, but more largely to a destructive brand of ignorance.. No doubt afforestation -will eventually pro duce good results, but, all the same, the j annihilation of our native forests will ever remain as a slur on our national common sense. .#? *? T3 URALITE : Thus F. H. Tout (President i of the N.S.W. Graziers' Association) concerning the matter of meat-marketing: 'The -main factor of costs is wages and conditions of work, as decreed by awards in every phase, that at present touches the meat industry, -- in the working of the railways, in the meat works, in the de livery of the hieat, in the sea transport—1 it all comes back to wages and awards.' Not a word, be it noted, about 'the in adequacy and inefficiency of pastoral methods — the failure to produce high-class cattle, and the lack of care in preparing meat cargoes for export. Tout's attacks on the workers are becoming tiresome, es pecially as they lack justification, and ob viously are only made to divert public at tention from the ineptitude of the gener ality of graziers. 'JUTERINO: The pastoralist invariably T'. Makes a speciality of telling hard-; luck' stories, even.when he is expensively luxuriating in a swanky hotel, or travel-' ling the country in a Rolls-Royce motor car. However, the 'S.M. Herald' rather spilt 'the fat into the fire last Saturday by saying: 'The grower selling his clip is the later sales of this season is certainly marketing his wool to the best advantage.' The 'Herald' then proceeded to particur iarise theincreased prices. At times it must .be very _ difficult for the. paper's leader-writers to balance their assertions with the price details that its wool experts ^OP^p|^GaP: \y^ wrpng with America?. ^*^th^ ^lf ? tfe^old of the 2 wo^ld_in\the^v^lts {of ^its {banks, . it has r neyertheless^ ^OO^O -junempidyed. ? Has i the Almighty Dbllari.faUen d on its job completfeiy_? We used to be taught : that a plentiful-supply of. the precious mineral was an infallible guarantee ot prosperity.. Yet here we . have America, with enough gold to, pave a. track to the i moon, and millions of hundred per cent. I Americans positively starving, while Big I Btisiriess looks helplessly on! What's the | mattet^Uncle Sam? I 'You've kept me waiting a long while. 'I couldn't help it. I tripped and fell downstairs.' 'That shouldn't have taken you so long.' 1 1 ^USTRALITE : A writer in the Sydney 'Sun' points out that not only in the sugar areas of North Queensland is there arising the development of 'Little Italies,'. but also, steadily the Murrum bidgee Irrigation Area is undergoing the | same process of Italianisation. The fact 1 of these Italians, being settlers is bad 1 enough, but . much worse is contained iri | the knowledge that some of them are 1 employed by Australian local growers. It is claimed that as workers the Italians give no trouble, but very probably they are employed because they .work cheaply. This Italian invasion : will ? need to be j] carer -ally watched, for a little foresight ig early may- easily, avert a. lot .of trouble li afterwards.. . ! 'MR/ LATHAM, leader j3f. the Federal I Opposition, declared at a Sydney Na tional Club luncheon the other day that 'there is a necessity for the 4 party system if we are to have sound and sane politics.' Rather a rebuff to capitalistic sheets like p the 'Sun,' which professes to hate party ^ politics — but yet, at every opportunity, inkiiy castigates the party that doesn't suit it: which, of course, is invariably the Labor Party. #?' # - # ' ^GRICOLA: Speaking at' a' riieeting of wheatgrowers at . Ouyen (Vic.) last Saturday, one Mr. A. Dowsley said that they could not go on under - present conditions, and | the costs, pf production S would have .to come down if Britain was to purchase their goods. But Britain has been ! purchasing Russian wheat, Argentine meat- j Danish. butter and Chinese eggs. In the circumstances, does Mr. Dowsley suggest that our costs pf production should match those of the countries, mentioned j in order that John Bull ! should be a leading cus tomer? If he does, his sentiments, won't be en dorsed by thousands of farmers' sons who to day are potential, if net actual, wage-earners. # * =* 'V' -RAY : Last week, at j a meeting of unem- { ployed members of the building trade, addressed in the Sydney Trades Hall' by the Assistant Minister for Labor and s Industry, it was asserted that in the metropolitan area alone from 1400 to 1600 carpenters, were out of work. It should have been added that' many, of these | workless - unfortunates are young men who have been trained , in the highest branches of the trade. Probably many of .these,; utterly discouraged, , will, drift out of the industry, altogether— and, conse quently, _ will forfeit the practical know ledge thatf they , obtained— for , very little remuneration— in: the most, impressionable years of ' their lives. The whole position amounts , tof a ; tragedy— a . tragedy thac takes toli not only, of the boys, but also of the parents, who . often sacrificially pro vided them with the- means of acquiring a 1 'v. n y-.v Woolpressing, Nebea Station, Coonamble, N.S.W. v - Tom Conelly, shown in this picture, is an old member of -the A.W.U. He was associated with Donald' Macdonell and Ted Grayndler during the pastoral ^ / troubles of the 90's. 