TtMilii [?] , : JpilNXRA: cTp the scientific warlord men -' ./^5*;-~?«i€^idy'ji5epresBnt. so. much, flesh to be ?mangled -nd blood- to be-' spilt in the carryingout of: their schemes. In Mar \ -shal.Foch'smemoirs, .referring to Ame vino 'c onftMj {«fn fha'ttfOf Vio cnoolrc nf ..'if.C .MvAd VAAVA J i'twv t **V y««»w w* «VW Immense reservoir- of men, stili untapped.' . lould anything be more horrible? A tfservoir 'of human beings — fathers, hus . Iinds, brothers— to be drawn on for the . .purposes of slaughter! Could anything , be more utterly, shamelessly and blasphe mously barbarous? Yet some of our unctuous pietists assured us it was ft Holy ?War! ? CLIENT: 'You should have gone into the army— not the law.' LAWYER: 'Why?' 'CLIENT: 'Your charges would have made short work of the enemy.' A BE: The visit of Bruce's 'Big Four' cost us a tidy sum. Here are the fig . iires, as supplied to Labor-member Dr. Maloney by Treasurer Theodore Jast. week: 'Their hotel expenses cost the Common wealth nearly £4900. Motorcar hire cost £2210/6/6. and theatres £85/12/8; tips ap proximated £300. -Sundry expenses, ex cluding £593/6/10, paid to railway depart , ments, . amounted to £1793/2/4. The sum of £413/14/1 was paid to the Common wealth railway departments and to the Government of Western Australia for special services.' And in face of thai sort of thing, there are actually many honest t workers who scruple to take the 'dole,' on the. ground that 'the country can't afford it'! * . * * . \ t \ ? ' ' j. WOODSTOCK-; When general rain fell throughout N.S.W. and a lot of Vic toria and Queensland last week-end, many pastoralists paid tribute to the ac curacy -of the weather forecast issued by the- N.S.W. State Meteorologist (Mr. Mares). It has even been announced that plans for the removal of sheep from cer tain stations on to agistment country were postponed when word was received that Mr. Mares had predicted the ending of the dry spell. Obviously, this faith in ? Mr. Mares saved the pastoralists concerned a considerable amount of money. This being, so, it will be interesting to note if they candidly admit that, after all, there is something in State Enterprise. ? ? # * * 'Ji/TcGINNIS: Hollywood film magnates are beginning to wish the 'talkies' had riot been invented. Their profits have fallen enormously, for the simple reason that the circulation of a ^'talkie ' is strictly limited to the bits of geography where its language is understood. A good silent film was equally good in every country, and its circulation was easily double that which an audible film can command to-day. The Schenks, the ? Foxes, the Zukors, the Laskys and the Goldwyns would like to get back to the golden period of pantomime on the screen, ? when the shekels were much more, plenti ful than in this era of talking shadows. . But it can't be done. Silence is golden no longer. ipi INTRA ? Chief Scout Baden-Powell pro ^ claims himself a lover of peace'. Un fortunately he is like a good many other people: he loves peace when there's no war on. But when war comes he bangs the drum as loudly as the rest of them. The real pacifist preaches and praises peace while the dogs of war are ravening all round him. The less the Chief Scout says about peace the better, for his career has been mainly a militaristic one. \- # * -RAY : Interesting to note that the Commonwealth meteorological servicc operates over the largest individual meteorological area in the world. In the course of his last annual report the Com monwealth Meteorologist shows that the Commonwealth Bureau's charts reveal daily the weather conditions existing over approximately one-tenth of the area of the globe. Mr. Hunt cutely adds that there, is scarcely an activity in the economic life of the community which does not call on the meteorological branch for assistance. As a matter of fact, ' he pastoralists and farmers benefit most by the knowledge and advice so imparted. Yet, queerly cnuugii, vijcoc vcucimiaDco cue uuiuugfit the very first to throw bricks, instead of bouquets,' at what, in effect, is a Socialistic department. * - * ? ? ?jWTEGILP: Capitalism may kill the par \- - liamentary system. It is certainly bringing it- into disrepute in every laud where it obtains. The capitalist class de test democracy, and have only acquiesced in it because progress, in its onward sweep,' was stronger than they were. Now they seem bent upon discrediting parlia ment, fearing that by utilising its ma chinery in the interests of the workers, the Labor Movement will be able. to bring the era of capitalistic exploitation to an end. It's a suicidal policy, though, for once parliament w,ent, the fioodg&ViS; of revolution would be opened, and Capital ism has not a single institution capable of withstanding the shock of such a raging torrent as that would be. TVEMOS: Alderman Walder, Secretary of ^ the, Sydney Reform Party, predicted last week that Labor aldermen will have control of the City Cpuncil for all time if the. proposed Greater Sydney Bill is ever brought into operation. 'The inclusion of the purely Labor municipalities of Dar lington, Redfern, Erskineville, Glebe,. Pad dington and Newtown,' he added, 'will assure Labor an overwhelming . majority in the council chamber.' In other .words, the possibility of the residents of the most, populous parts of Sydney . possessing the local franchise, and exercising it, fills Walder with worry. Verily, some of these Reform leaders ought to democratically reform themselves by way of a bit of preliminary practice. * « # p-INTRA: The Boy Scouts movement is ^ said to bring the sons of the rich and poor together on even terms, and thus inculcate the principle of equality. Weren't we told the same sort of stuff , during the war? 'Cook's son and duke's son' — we all knew Bloodbard Kipling's rhyme. It was only dope. As soon as the war was over, and it wasn't necessary any more to fool the working class, the duke's son ceased to know the cook's son when he chanced to pass betwixt the wind and his snobility. To talk of the sons of the rich and the poor being brothers in the ranks of the Boy Scouts is the veriest cant and humbug. i '1TTOODSTOCK: It would require Scoi land Yard, plus Sherlock Holmes, to locate the tricksters, and fathom the in tricacies, of modern Private Enterprise. Just now great quantities of kerosene are being imported into Australia, and, at the same time, the imports of petrol are sub stantially decreasing. Putting oil and kerosene together, it logically seems 'that some go-getters are doing well — and also 'doing' many motorists. In short, it looks as if even a Rolls-Royce may have 'spoil' rather than dinkum oil in its aristocratic gizzard. * * # UNDA : Speaking at Rose Bay (Syd ^ ney) last Friday night Mr. Stevens, Nationalist M.L.A., arid ex-Treasurer, said: 'The longer I am in public life the less confidence have I in the power of Parliament to shower blessings upon you. I am satisfied that Parliament has done, and is doing, much to handicap our de velopmerit,' and to stop us getting back to days of -peace and contentment.' Mr. Stevens may honestly believe in the senti ments quoted, but if he does, why, in the nairie of Reason, does he still persist in being a parliamentarian? * « ? TWpSGILP: If low wages are a sure cure . tar unemployment, there ought to be nobody out. of work in China, where the basic wage is a handful of rice for a 14 hour day. Yet in Nanking, which has an adult population of 570,000, more than 300,000 are without jobs. Those who ad vocate wage reductions in Australia as a remedy for depression ougfet to have this awkward Chinese fact lammed down their throats every time they open their mouths to preach their rotten gospel. ? f__ 'You say you were the sole survivor of a shipwreck. How did you' come to he saved?' 'I missed the boat!' WOODSTOCK: For a considerable ' V number of years Dr. W. Maloney, the popular little Labor M.P. for Melbourne, has donated a prize for the best essay on ' a subject appertaining to the Labor Move ment—and particularly to its ideals. The most recent winner— and it should be men tioned that Messrs. Maurice Blackburn, M.L.A., Gilbert Wallace (Victorian Edu cation Department) and Guido Barac chi (Victorian Labor College) were the judges — was Mi-. C. E. Martin, Labor MJL.A. for Young (N.S.W.) By the way, Mr. Martin's essay dealt with the 'Re- ferendum, Initiative and Recall' — a poli tically democratic triology, which in ef- 1 feet postulates that a parliamentary can didate who, if elected, breaks any of his platform promises, should be automatically j ousted from his well-cushioned job. ' \ ! # # ? | y^USTRALITE: In the House of Repre sentatiyes last week Mr. Chifley (Min- ' ister for Defence), in reply to a question* stated that the West Australian Airways, which carries passengers in competition with the Trans-Australian railway be tween Perth and Adelaide, a distance of 1453 miles, charges £13 per passenger, 1 while the fare by thesame company, be tween Perth and Derby, a distance of 1467 miles, is £20. Incidentally, the Perth Adelaide flying service is subsidised by the Commonwealth Government to the tune of £39,520 a year. On -the face of it, it seeims anomalous , that any Private Enterprise air service should be subsidised by a Government to compete with that Government's own enterprise — more es pecially as the figures show that the sub sidised airways are taking approximately J5l2y500 ppE ^nnum f^om^the jr^ilw5ay^ svt f ITT : THIS year— and, by the way, it is | . ' '? young yet — ho fewer than 139 J j estates of bankrupts have been com- - mitted to the charge of the N.S.W. Of- j i ficial Receiver. These figures represent a ! ] greater average than for the first three Ji months of last year — a fact which sug- 1 , gests that if Modern Business is as com-! petent as it professes to be, it is time that ] it provided some practical proof of its : commercial superiority. ? ? ? V-R.: Sydney 'SuriV last Sunday pub lished a list of big companies whose profits during the last yearly period repre-. sented a return of less than 1 per cent, on capital. But the 'Sun' omitted to mention that for many years most of the concerns enumerated had made enormous profits', and, to varying degrees, - had watered their stock, so that even a 1 per cent, dividend may really mean much more than the figure superficially conveys. Moreover, they have their dividendget ting systems in perfect order, and it can be taken for granted that when the de pression lifts they will more than make up for any profiteering that had to be ; postponed. ; # * * | i A GRICOLA: A rather remarkable recent j development is the absorption of huge I quantities of Australian wheat by China I and Japan. Just nqw Japanese vessels are carrying the bulk of the grain exported to the East. One company alone — the Yaina shita Kisen Kaisha — has already under taken to provide 91 steamers for full wheat cargoes, to be loaded at Australian ports. The development suggests that the East — or a considerable portion of it — is - beginning to prefer wheat bread to rice, j ; Manifestly, if this preference is extended j Australia will have a very big wheat j market comparatively close to home, and then will be in a position to inform John Bull, who buys Danish butter and Chinese j eggs, that his un-imperialistic preference i for Russian wheat will cease to be a dis concerting circumstance. * * * . 'JWTEDICU'S: The Commonwealth Depart 'LYJ-ment of Health recently, arranged at Canberra a conference of organisations , interested and engaged in the grim fight against cancer. It is worth while noting | that no other country in the world has yet succeeded in establishing an organisa tion embracing all the major resources of the nation for a concerted campaign against this dread disease. Moreover, it is all to the good that each member of the conference is giving up valuable time to j attend it, and, besides, is paying his own expenses. If good results accrue, the j Federal Labor Government will have vit ally much to be proud of. * * ' # pUNDABOOKA: Dr. W. G. Woolnough, Commonwealth geological adviser, in his report on his recent tour of inspection of the oilfields of the United States and the Argentine, says that he had discussed with leading American oil men the risks of introducing foreign capital into Aus tralia in the search for oil, and they had regarded thie risks as negligible. But Dr. Woolnough significantly adds that all reasonable safeguards should be taken 'to minimise the danger of obstructionist tactics.' The latter words rather seem to suggest that certain Yankee interests are financially afraid of oil being discovered in Australia in commercially payable quantities, and that they wouldn't hesi tate to place, so to speak, a spanner in the works. Anyhow, Dr. Woolnough's more or less veiled warning should be taken notice of, for the discovery of oil \rells would do even more for Australia's monetary salvation than the discovery of another Coolgardie. * * - * ^USTRAL: Arthur Blakeley (Minister for Home Affairs) has very decided opinions regarding migration. Recently he received a communication from the St. Raphael's Ukrainian Immigrants' Wel fare Association of Canada, asking for in formation concerning colonisation in Aus tralia. The Minister Immediately in formed the secretary of the association that in view of the serious depression now existing in Australia, and the consider able extent of unemployment, the Com monwealth Government would not be pre pared to render any encouragement or facilities for foreign migration to Aus tralia at this stage. It is interesting to wonder what would happen in a case like the foregoing if a Latham or a Bruce Go vernment were in. control of Australia. True, - the ' Labor Cabiriet may be ' not without certain shortcomings, but it can be depended upon to prevent the always ready flood of cheap labor that would Menace Jopal UttioQigipu/r' r; .» v , A-Q' The Tories of N.S.W. are purple \ . * faced! with rajje.-at. the j&wer; given ?to the Industriaf cbmrhissioner in Lang's Arbitration Bill., - Tftis, r however, is only 'because the. Commissioned happens to be Piddington, who has the temerity to be sympathetic towards the working class, and the courage, to put humanity before jruiiwj. j.1. wie vuminiasiuiier were a man after their own hearts — like Dethridge, 'or instance — tHey wouldn't hesitate to Jlothe him with ten times the power. The ?ity of it is that the bill will not become law. The stranglers of Labor legislation in the nominee House will see to that. 'So the teacher said you had a wooden head, eh?' 'Not exactly, dad. He said. 'When you go outside mind -you keep your- hat on — there's woodpeckers about.' ' T^1 A.Q.: To be hoped Scullin will be able K ? to track down the traitor who gave 1| those secret cables to the section of the press that is printed with dirty ink. The number of persons handling such messages must be very few, and it oughtn't to be difficult to run the guilty one to earth. Whether there is a law under which he could be indicted and punished, if caught, this scribe knoweth not, but what he does know is that to be stuck for a few days in the old-time pillory, and to be pelted with old-time filth, would fit the punishment to the crime, and be richly merited. * # # 'IT700DST0GK : Rumored that a move * ' ment for the abolition of the Senate is' to be started.- Whatever' the result of the crusade may be, it is manifestly un democratically ridiculous that a mere pimple on the map like Tasmania should have the right of electing as many Sena tors as N.S.W. and Victoria. The paradox Rj seems to supply vindication to the cynic W\ who remarked that, populationally, apple- H growing Tasmania should have only one ?( Senator — and his name should be Codlin. * * * 'D URALITE : Parker Moloney (Com * monwealth Minister for Markets) re cently reported that no fewer than 750,000 cases of Australian canned apricots, peaches and 'pears have been sold in over seas markets during the last 12 months, and added that the small remaining stocks in Great Britain would be quickly dis posed of. The amount sold represents the greatest quantity of canned fruit exported from Australia and marketed in any one season. The announcement is encourag ing to Australian fruitgrowers, and, since most of the sales were effected in Britain, M it looks as if John Bull at long last has decided that Australia is worthy of some I| practical consideration, if not of absolute M preference. II * * * H TUSTICUS: Thus Prime Minister Scul- B ^ lin in the course of a very definite || pronouncement last week: 'Salaries and || pension cuts are being insisted on. I say on behalf of this Government that neither || soldiers', old age or invalid pensions will | be cut. We believe that this country is rich enough to get through its difficulties | without making cuts in pensions.' How *? disappointing the declaration must have j been to those Tory economists who ! secretly hold, even if they don't candidly ; assert, that the greatest sacrifices, rela tively, should be made by the people, many i of them pioneers and ex-soldiers, least ] able to afford them. * ' * * ^GRICOLA: Recently an Albury (N.S.W.) ?vegetable gardener filled two eight ton trucks at the local railway station with pumpkins, and consigned them to Sydney. He expected- something in the vicinity of £50 in return, but, instead, to his vast surprise, received an account from the 'agents of £6/10/- to cover the costs of freight and marketing fees. Yet, para- . doxically — to' use no harder term — during the week that the consignment reached* Sydney pumpkins, sold by'the'lb. in metro- . poli tan retailers' shops, were compara ?tively dear. Verily, the Yniddleman (who lin cases. like this is generally a foreigner) ? i is a great distributor; but the trouble ic i that he distributes the profits amonpri liis own onapSi jand^capacious pofckets.V- - ? ? 