NORSE FLIERS TRIUMPH. Two Immigrants Going, Home for Visit. ROMANTIC MEETING. Berlin, Thursday. Otto Hillig and Holger Holries, two Norsemen, who left St, John's, Newfoundland, 10 hours after Post and Gatty took off, made a forced landing at Krefeld aerodrome at 5.30 p.m. They refuelled and immediately took off for Copenhagen. rTHEY stated they lost their way fly ing across Spain and France. Bad weather obliged them to fly 13 hours 12,000 feet above the clouds. They descended, in the morning, and flew close the sea, until they sighted the coast of Spain, They 1 crossed the German frontier late in the afternoon and landed at Krefeld after 32 hours' flying, averaging 1125 miles an hour. They said they subsis ted on chocolate. The absence of news of these trans Atlantic fliers caused great anxiety at Copenhagen and St John's, as tbey should have landed in the morning, and were not reported after leaving Newfoundland at 3.30 a.m. on Wednes day. 1 Zeppelin Disappointment. Neither, in experience nor fly ing ability did they compare with the Post and Gatty combination. They were frankly what they called themselves, "two Danish immigrants returning home for a visit," They had lived in the United States for many years, and Hillig was 53 and a photographer. He intended re-, turning home last year on board the Graf Zeppelin and purchased a tic ket, but at the last minute the reser vation was cancelled. He brought a suit agaiust the company and collec ted £5000 for his disappointment. With this money he purchased nn aeroplane, and a few months ago en gaged a fellow-countryman, Holries, age 30, as his pilot -Copenhagen, Thursday. Holries1 mother and sister anxiously waited all day long at the flag-draped Kastrup Aerodrome, and w.ere over joyed at the needs of the Krefeld land ing. HlHig went to the United States at-the age of 15 and became a rich and expert photographer. He plan ned a triumphal, homecoming, and took-a passage on the Graf Zeppelin, but was ejected at the last moment for a more important passenger. He met Holries in an hotel lobby and voiced hie grievance. HoIWes replied. "Buy a 'plane and I Will fly you home." 