" HOME FOR A VISIT " DANISH IMMIGRANTS Flew Across Atlantic TRIUMPHAL HOMECOMING (Australian Cable Service.) MOULIN, 'lune 2* Hillig ami Hoirie, trans-Atlantic Hy crs from Newfoundland, were forced t< land ut Krefeld nt .">,ao tili» afternoon Tlicy touk uff again immediately tm Copenhagen. Tlicy muted they Jual llicir way Hying across Spain luit Franco. Had wem lier obliged them 1.« fly »ol 1:¡ hour» nt li.VDU il. above the clouds When they de»eeiuled this morning they Hew cluan to thc BIMI, uutil they !-¡.';!'VCil iíie coast ol' Spain. Tlicy crossed thc Cernían frontier late thu afternoon and landed nt Krefeld aero [ drome to refuel. They were 32 hours j flying and averaged 112* miles per i hour- They sulftisuid on chocolate. HT. JOHN, June 2û. lt was learned with the greatest re- lief this slturnuon of thc arrival io Germany of Ililli;: and Holm who left j here at on Wednesday morning for Copenhagen. Xeitbcr iii experience nor i iti flying nliility do thc,v compare with lille Post-Gal ty combination. Frankly tiley were what they called themselves, I "two Danish immigrants returning iioiue for a visit." They hud lived iu the j I'nitfd .States for many years. ¡ Hillig, wiio is ;>5 and a photographer, intended returning home last year abord thc Graf Zeppelin. He purchased ii liehet but at the last minute his re- servation was cancelled. He brought an action and collected £.5000 for his dis- appointment. With this money he pur- chased sn aeroplane and a few months I n^o. engaged bis countryman. Ilolrts, ; Dyed 30, to act as pilot. COPENHAGEN, June SS. Hollis'* motlier anil sister anxiously waited al! day at the Kastrup aerb uiome, which was bedecked with flags. They were overjoyed when newe waa received that the airmen had landed st Krefeld. Hillig, who is 56, went to the United States at the end of 101,1 end became rich. He is an expert photographer. He I planned a triumphal homecoming and booked a passage on the Graf Zeppelin, but was ejected at the last moment for a more important passenger. He met Hoirie, who is a German, in an hotel lobby and voiced his grievance. Hoirie replied: "Buy an aeroplane; I'll (ly you home." ' BREMEN, June 25. Hollig and Holris landed here thia afternoon. They will remain over- night. 