Greenland's Mediaeval Church Some Recent Archaeological Discoveries Specially Written for "The Advocate," by STANLEY B. JAMES. A RECENT number of "Discovery" gives us an interesting account by Poul Norlund, a Danish archaeologist, of excavations he has been making in Greenland—that arctic outpost of civilisation colonised from Iceland" in the ninth century. A bleak land it is, almost wholly dependent on its fisheries, and offering but a scanty living to the farmer, and possessing, therefore, but few inducements to the immigrant. Eric the Red would never have fled to it if he had not been exiled from his native land for murder. He must have been pretty desperate to have sailed over the wintry seas from Iceland to this north-eastern wing of America; seafaring in those days was not quite what it is in our trans-Atlantic liners. Perhaps the very isolation of the place attracted the desperado. Anyway, he returned to Iceland, and induced a number of followers to accompany him to his new home; no doubt, he used the same methods and talked in the same glowing language as the modern emigration agent. Did the aboriginal Eskimos welcome him? We don't know. All that is certain is that he and his party dug themselves in and • multiplied. The "kingdom" which he thus established lasted five hundred years, first as an independent republic, and then as a colony of Norway. Bishops from Norway. Eric the Red was a heathen marauder of the old type, but his son, Lief, in his piratical cruises, came upon Christian teachers in Britain, and brought them back with him to Greenland as missionaries. One of their converts was Eric's wife, who is said to have built the first church. The monks who preached the Gospel there must have died out in time, and no others took their place, those icy seas were an almost insuperable barrier. For a whole century or more, says Poul Norlund, the peasants whom they had won to the Faith "lived without any regular Christian organisation." They built churches and attended to the priestly duties themselves—a relic of their heathenism in which the more important members of the community had offered the sacrifices. But it soon became evident that they must have a Bishop, and one was sent for. "Their request was soon granted, and for centuries the Norwegian Church sent over Bishops—and among them highly distinguished prelates—to this little episcopal See, which, with its fifteen churches and 2000 to 3000 people, formed hardly more than a tenth part of a normal diocese." What Sort of Civilisation? About the time that Columbus was discovering a more habitable part of America these Norsemen lost touch with Europe. For well nigh five hundred years they had maintained a civilisation closely related to that of mediaeval Europe, carrying on in their remote and wintry home the traditions imported from more favoured parts of Christendom. But, a.fter that time, something seems to have happened. Perhaps they were attacked by the Eskimos; perhaps the plague which had ravaged more southerly lands wiped thein out; perhaps they just declined in numbers through lack of contact with the outside world. What sort of civilisation did they enjoy? Of what character were their churches? Does the snow of that desolate region cover remains which can tell us anything about them? These were the 'questions the Danish archaeologist set himself- to answer. He went straight to Gardar, where had been their cathedral and the Bishop's residence. At first he could discover no signs of the buried past, but, after he had been excavating some time, ruins were uncovered which showed the dimensions of the ancient church and of the episcopal palace. No very lordly structures, they could have been compared with similar buildings in Southern Europe, but as large, probably, those of the Scandinavian motherland. Concerning the "palace," Mr. Norlund says; "Wf. found it, after careful .search, hidden away in the Greenlanders' turnip fields, where the former walls served as the foundation of the stone walls now dividing one small allotment from the next. Each single^ room thus forms a separate little: field all to itself. Of these rdon". I will mention only the re- " hall/ where great .-festiyals were held on such occasions as the gathering for the annual parliamentary meetings, which took place on the Gardar. plain, and for the portant church celebrations, especially that of Christmas." An Authentic Relic. But the great "find" was to come. Digging away within the precincts of the former church, a grave was uncovered, and within it lay a skeleton, and side by side with the bones a Bishop's staff! Little is known of those who ruled this distant See beyond their names and the dates of their comings and goings. They are dim, almost. mythical, figures for us. Stanley B. James. Of the personalities those names represent we are entirely ignorant. If there were saintly men among them we cannot tell. If they had difficulties to face which called for heroism, we have no record of them. A more than Arctic night shrouds this chapter of Church history. But, here was one authentic relic. Here was the staff actually carried in procession in the far-off days when Gardar celebrated the Christian festivals, and here were the remains (the episcopal ring still on the bony finger) of one of those Bishops who linked his isolated people with the rest of Christendom. "The bishopric and the trade interests," says the writer in "Discovery," "were the oniy two links which bound Greenland to European civilisation. Thus was forged a fine chain which reached right down to Rome. The Bishops travelled all the way flown there after their appointment, and so even the Pope himself received some knowledge of the conditions • existing in this, his most distant, diocese." It must have been a moment of unusual excitement when the remains of this ediasval ecclesiastic, who was a link etween Greenland and Rome, were ncovered. Sigrid Undset's Picture. The last resident Bishop died in 1377\. For another 150 years the Popes continued to appoint new Bishops of Gardar, but they were only Titular Bishops, who never isited Greenland. Even they at last cease, and the curtain falls on a community left to the mercy of Arctic snowstorms, its buildings falling into decay, and its numbers gradually decreasing. These bare stones do little to aid the imagination. But we are not ithout other assistance in picturing he Catholic life centring round Gardar Cathedral. We may • safely assume that it was kindred to what as to be found in the Scandinavian ountry from which the civilisation of reenland was inherited. In "Krisin Lavransdatter," the Norwegian atholic novelist, Sigrid Undset, has iven us a vivid picture of a Church estival in the mediaeval cathedral of idaros. She has helped us to see he northern gloom lit by votive andles, and to watch the strangely asorted crowds of peasants and nobles hich on such occasions filled the ast building. ' May we not transfer the scene to the bare, snow-covered ields , which was all that the explorer ould find of XSardar's former glorv? "Many hundred lights," writes Sigid Undsfet, "burned ;in the: church-^: he church servants took the pilgrims' tapers and fixed ^ - ^ p ^ ^ S i hillock-shaped towers, studded with spikes, which were set up all down the nave and aisles. As the light of ay died out behind the manycoloured panes of glass, the church rew warm with the smell of the urning wax, and ere long it was filled, too, with the sour stench from he rag® of the sick folk and the poor "When the song of the choir soared nder the vaulting, and the organ ealed, and the noise of flutes, rums, and stringed instruments reounded, Kristin understood why it ight be that the church was called ship—in the mighty house of stone ll these folk seemed to be on board vessel, and the singing was like the oise of the sea whereon it was uporne. Ever and anon it came to est, as when the billows are stilled, nd a single man's voice bore the esson out over the listening throng. * "The close-packed faces grew p,r and more weary as the wake-mr wore on. Scarce one went out tween the services—not, at least, i those who had places midway of';! church. Between the nocturnes i) ; dozed or prayed." So writes Sigrid Undset of <• cathedral at Nidaros, in the Mid-! Ages, as seen during the festival i its patron saint. We may, with. . much modification, transfer the see to those gatherings of Norse color.;? which must have taken .place ar.- what are now the deserted ruins i Greenland. Alasl the altar lights of Gar ' have • been long while extinguish Only the sound of the blizzard is IK heard where once rose prayer chant. The worshippers these nip;: centuries have passed out into ;; night. 