Another One -Hop Flight of Atlantic TO DENMARK AMERICANS' VISIT LAND AT BREMEN On successive days, airmen have flown the Atlantic from New foundland to Europe, two Danish- Americans, Otto Hillig, the "fly ing photographer"; and Captain Holger Holriis, having yesterday landed at Krefeld. in Rhenish Prussia, near Dusseldorf, , after a non-stop flight from St. John's. ("Sun" Special) BERLIN, Thursday. Hillig and Holriis took a southern route from Newfoundland, and plan ned to reach Copenhagen — Denmark being their native country — in one hop. They left St. John's early on Wednesday morning. Having- sighted the coast of Spain they turned north. Unfortunately, oyer Spain and France, they lost their way, and, after, crossing the German frontier, were compelled to come down at lsrefold, at 6.20 p.m. They refuelled, nnd started again almost immediately for Copen hagen. but came down nt Bremen, and will spend the night Li. ere. . Casual Couple ST. JOHN'S, Thursday. Neither In experience nor m fly ing ability did they compare with the Post-Gatty combination. They were, what they called themselves, "two Danish immigrants returning home for a visit." They have lived in the United States Cor many years Hillig, who Is 55, and a photo grapher, intended to return home last year aboard the airship Graf Zeppelin. He bought Ills ticket, but at tho last minute the reservation was cancelled. He brought an action and collected £5000 for his dis appointment. Gatty at Moscow MOSCOW, Thursday. Harold Gatty and YViley Post, who left Berlin at 7.30 a.m. to-day, in continuation of their round-the- world flight, nrived here nt 4.10 p.m. Wind and rain hindered them, but they covered 925 miles in eight hours. They were welcomed by the Soviet Aviation League and ban queted at the Savoy Hotel. They will leave for Irkutsk at dawn. To Fly to Australia LONDON, Thursday Captain Neville Stack and Mr. J. R. Chaplin, Vlio yesterday made a record flight of 2000 miles to War saw and back in one day. In their 530 horsepower Vickers- Napier mall- carrying biplane, are planning a flight to India and back In six days. They refuelled as soon as they reached Warsaw, and started back after having only beer and sand wiches. The actual flying tlmo tor the whole lourncy wus 15 hours and a half, and the "Daily Mail" describes it as one of the most remarkable return jour neys ever made. Captain Stack and Mr. Chaplin also have designs on the Australian flight record. They made three attempts in April and May, but were obliged to turn back at an early stage. Half-way Kiss Two Jnpancse Journalists, Shingu and Fukunu, who are flying around the world in opposite directions to settle n bet as to whether the east ward or tiie westward route is quicker, unexpectedly met at Croy don to-day, after travelling 22,000 miles, They embraced and exchanged ex periences for half an hour, then re sumed their travels. 