News In Brief At the Melbourne City Court on June 25, Harold Jamci\K usse11 (26), a mechanic, of Cowper-street, Footscray, was charged with triple murder, and remanded without bail till July 1\. The victims were Mrs. Ivy Letitia Russell (27) and two sons—Harold George (3) and Eric (14)—who were drowned in the Sunshine swimming pool on Saturday, June 11. » • • A 1,300 dollar suit against Sir Kingsford Smith and his flight companions by the Abercroinlge Fitch Fashionable Haberdashery Store, U.S.A., for outfitting the quartet prior to the Atlantic westward flight began on June 27. • • • Ernest Albert Brown (40), clerk, wm arrested in Perth on warrant on Juul 25 on a charge that hq, on June 23, at Perth, knowingly and fraudulently uttered a false document purporting to be a cheque drawn oil the Commonwealth Savings Bank, dated June 20, 1932, for the amount of £14/6/9. and signed Alfred Carson (chairman), Everitt Atkinson (member). and Ernest A. Brown (secretary). Accused is a well-known figure in Parliamentary circles, being Usher of the Black Rod in the Legislative Council. • • • Five Chicago batiks with deposits of ten million dollars, closed on Tune 25, making the total 33 for June. Runs continued on downtown banks, which were successfully. met. Women fainted in the crowds withdrawing funds. A spark generated by a magneto near an open underground petrol tank caused an explosion wliicli blew oat two plate-glass windows at Hubbard •Motors, Grote-stTeet, Adelaide, on June 25. Prompt use of a file extinguisher prevented the building catching fire. The petrol in the tanks ignited. Three men were injured. * • • Vast crowds turned out to welcome Cardinal Lauri. the Papal Legate to the Eucharistic Congress, when he arrived at Kingstown, where he was received by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the Free State President (Mr. De Valera). Thousands knelt by the roadside in emotional fervour as the Papal Legate passed slowly along a seven-mile route, blessing the multitude. This is the' first time in which a Papal Legikte has landed in Ireland for 290 years. • • t Allegations of sexual depravity in .. State .schools made by the State Anglican Sunday School organiser (Miss Warren Thomas) v have raised a storm in Adelaide. Miss Thomas also said that children in" some places not far from Adelaide knew the names of God and Jesus only as swear words. These statements have brought an indignant rejoinder from the Director of Education (Mr. Adey). "The statement that children -know the names of God and Jesus only as oaths is a slander > on the great majority of children attending our public schools" he said. "The moral standard in our schools is ot a hig-h character, and it is a rare occurrcncc indeed to have any complaint about the behaviour of pupils either in or out of schools." * • » At Cifyuthlan, states a message from Mexico City, a tidal wave swept inland fo r more than a mile, levelling 'everything in its path. Two minor earthquakes preceded tlie heaw tremor which ushered in the wave and siivcd to rouse .the inhabitants, many of whom fled to the beach for safety. There the tidal wave trapped them, sweeping many inland to death or outward to sea to drown. * * The shoeing of Archibald Cecil Gibbs (58) 'outside the Children's Court on June 8 was inquired into by the (. ity Coroner <m June 24. Catherine O'Byrnc (46) who had been remanded^ on a charge of having murdered Gibbs, was present. After hearing the evidence the Coroner returned a verdict of death from bullet wounds accidentally received while struggling for the possession of Jtlic revolver, and he discharged O'Byrne. * . * • Found guilty in London on June 21 of having killed his wife and two cliil dren, who were found shot dead at Sigdon -Farm, Kingsbridge, on May 7, William Yeoman (50), farmer was declared to be insane and was ordered to be detained. • • • An American plan for the reduction of the armaments of the world—land, sea and air—by nearly one-third was announced simultaneously at Geneva and Washington on June 22. To curtail the offensive power of land forces, the plan recommends the abolition of tanks, chemical warfare, and large calibre guns. The British delegate at the special meeting of the general commission of the Disarmamen Conference, before which 4 he Geneva announcement was made, welcomed the proposal; but expressed doubt as to the appropriateness and adequacy of the naval clauses. Hostility was evident in the French dele, gates comment, but Italy and Germany expressed Jcompftete *^jp,roval. Japan is-opposed to the suggested reduction in capital ships. • * -. • Damages amounting to £300 were awarded by Mr. Justice Dwyer, in the Supreme Court on June 23 in the case in which Dr. M. O. Gorman had sued Dr. T. P. Byrne (both of Kalgoorlie) on the ground of slander. The hearing of evidence occupied six days but last week a settlement was arrived at and the case was withdrawn '»»» the jury on the understanding that Dr. Byrne apologised fo r his conduct and paid all costs of the action The hearing, at Miami, of a charge against Mrs. Keith Miller, the Australian flyer, that she entered the United States illegally, was postponed on June 24. No intimation was made by the immigration officials when it will be held. • * • the Melbourne Criminal Court on June 21, a sentence of seven years' in prisonment was imposed on Alfred Gilhs (20), labourer, on a charge of having committed an offence against a young woman at Fitztoy on May — Gillis allegedly attacked the woman while she was going home from a dance. The hearing of acharge of murder against a soldier named Collins, was opened in the Ashford Police Court on June 22. Collins was arrested after the finding of the dead bodies of Mrs. Janie Swift (65), her daughter, Mrs. Jennie Tremayne Stemp (35), and Peggy (13) a daughter oi Mrs. Stemp m King s Wood, near Challock, Kent, on June 14. All the victims had died from gunshot wounds. Accused was remanded until June ,28. •» • • Before a crowd of 75,000 at New York, the .American Jack Sharkey (14st. 91b-) was awarded the decision over the German, Max Schmeling (13st. 6lb.), the holder, in a 15-round contest on June 21 for the heavyweight boxing championship of the world. The verdict of the judges has been disputed by the Press. .* * * After a desperate attempt to sail the. leaking trawler Charlie Cam to Sydney, the master (Capitain S. J. Gibson) was forced to beach the vessel at Bunga Head, 10 miles north of T^thra. The crew of 12 abandoned the ship and reached shore safely. An extraordinary story of a series of alleged bank thefts by employees was told in the Sydney Central Police Court on June 22, when Stuart Charles McLean (41) clerk, Frank Phibbs (42), clerk, and Horace. John Finn (49), clerk, were charged with having stolen £5,099, the property of the Commercial Banking Co., of Sydney, Ltd. The three defendants were committed for trial. • ' * * Suffering from leprosy, a family of f. vc aborigines has been removed from Moreton,' near' Coen (Queensland) to the Peel Island lazaret. Such a case where all the members of the family are affected with the disease, is Tegarded as most unusual. Three other natives suffering from leprosy and one suspect are in the Cairns # Hospital, and will be transferred to the island shortly. • * ' • m After examining 13,666 carcases of New Zealand lamb and mutton following their discharge at Avonmouth (England), Dr. Parry, health officer at Bristol, announced that a number of carcases' were stained with arsenic which had apparently soaked through from hides stored in the hold above. Many of the carcases were condemned # • • A notorious tobacco smuggler, Louis Lesser, who in 1930 was fined £5,740, or six months' gaol for smuggling a ton of tobacco in bales of waste paper from Antwerp, was fined £15,000 at London on June 24. in default six' months' imprisonment, for -smuggling another ton in an old tsubmaritfe chasqr. Lesser smiled ind winked when the Magistrate remarked;, "You probably know the limit of my jurisdiction." • * 9 The Eucharistic Congress reached its climax on June 26, when an assembly estimated at a million heard mass in Phoenix Park (Ireland). Later the Blessed , Sacrament was taken in a procession five miles long to an altar on O'Connell Bridge in the cenftre of the chy, where the Pqpal Legate pronounced benediction upon the multitude * * • There has been a revival of terrorism in the East Bengal. Early on June brief 27 Kamakya Prasad Sen, a special magistrate of Munshinganj (Dacca) was found shot dead in a Voom of the house of S. M. Chatterjee, a sub-divisional officer of Wari, whom he was visiting. The assailant entered by a window and shot Sen at close range several times, while he was sleeping, and then escaped. No arrest lias been made. " Sen is the first Indian magistrate to be killed by the terrorists. • • • There was an exciting sequel to the Canton Government's war against rebellious naval craft on June 26, when a number of Government aeroplanes began bombing the rebel fleet. Six bombs fell close to H.M.S. Moorhen, being deliberately aimed apparently under the mistaken belief that she was a rebel Chinese boat Luckily no injury was done. Fearing further attacks, about a dozen of the rebel boats took refuge in British waters. » • • There was a dramatic development when the Italian salvage ship Artiglio was arrested -on its arrival at Plymouth on June 26 with bullion recovered from the wreck of the P. and O. liner Egypt, which was sunk off Brest during- the Great War. The vessel was arrested under instructions from the Admiralty Marshal. A warrant was attached to the mainmast and the holds were sealed. Commendatore Quaglia, of the Artiglio, says that £180,000 worth of bullion has been raised from the wreck and that nearly £1,000,000 worth remains. * • • A provisional agreement has been .made between the Danish Ministry r Works and the British firm of Dorman, Long and Company for he construction of a railway and bridge across the strait separating the islands of Zeeland and Falster. The cost of the work is estimated at about £2,000,000.. The bridge, which will be over two miles long, will be the longest in Europe. * * • A message from Singapore states that Kinfj Prajadhipok, of Siam, is accepting the terms dictated to him by newly-formed People's Party. Without disorder or disturbances of the life of the Siamese-capital, a coup d etat was successfully accomplished a "i the ,ast rei - n aining absolute monarchy in the world has passed. _ ' # • • With- Communist members siding with the Nazis, the Prussian Diet, on June 26,/passed a Bill confiscating- the entire property of all East European entering Prussia since August, and converting it to aid the unemployed. The Bill has astounded the Jews, who hope that the central trovernment will veto it. Another Bill prohibits State theatres from employing Jews. * * • Lawrence Francis Healey (18), of Botany-road, Botany, N.S.W., met a terrible death on June 19. Caught in machinery, his leg was horribly torn, and he died in hospital soon afterwards. 