THE WILD REINDEER. and its enemies the wolf AND FOX The wild reindeer, North America's caribou, is not a little different from the tame reindeer. It is a big, stately stag, carrying its head high and with a grand air, and is extraordinarily quick hi its movements. It is, or has been, .spread over all the Arctic regions, Greenland, Spitsbergen, Nova Zembla, and Siberia. In the north-east of Spitsbergen and Nova Zembla it is still to be found in large numbers. During tlie summer the herds, one bull and several cojr^ remain on tlit plains; but in September, when the snow begins to fall, they go down.to the big fiords, tuid arc then exceedingly well nourished. September, therefore, is the best mouth for shooting reindeer; but for hunters who are not afraid of exerting themselves it .is jnost interesting to hunt during the summer. No walk is more beautiful than that from the chores of the Arctic Ocean up to the lonely, silent hills, where perhaps no iiuoian foot has ever trod.before. Salmon streams ripple picturesquely down from the lakes on the plateaux. .If it happens to be August the birds have already begun their flight with the sinking'Midnight Sun. On the glaciers there . arc probably hundreds of .grey geese resting. If you let off n shot not only this flock, but also several others that you have not noticed, are immediately in the air with a deafening beating of wings. Should a blue or white fox suddenly spring out, and bark angrily you may be sure that its cubs, three or four months old, 'are in the immediate neighbourhood; but it would be a shame to harm them, for tlieir skins arc not worth anything at this time of tlie year, as the fur comes out in liandfuls. The reindeer come and go in a most remarkable manner. In a fiord where you have found nothing but ojd tracks smother hunter may shoot twenty deer or more a few days later. It is not Scottish or English estate owners who liunt these deer, but Norwegian trading hunters; and the meat is salted in barrels. Though occasionally several hundred deer may be shot it docs not seem to make much difference. The Eskimoes liavc brought down about forty thousand animals a year for many years. The only other enemies 'the wild reindeer has are the wolf, which so far lias not been found in Spitsbergen, and the Arctic fox. The great white Arctic wolf, canis lupus occidentals, which until then had been known only in the immense territories along tlie American Arctic Ocean coast, during the latter years of last ccntury began immigrating to, and multiplying in great numbers along, tlie east coast of Greenland. Over Ullesmere, Grinnel and Grant lands, liie islands north-west of Greenland, tliey wandered, first over the North Point, 84 deg., and from there along tiie whole of the cast coast. For eleven months of tlie year these islands and Greenland form one compact mass, cemented together by tlie ice. The west Grecnlanders also arc extremely afraid of a great, wild, white animal, \ not the polar bear. Tlie old whaler, Scoresby, after whom the great complex of fiords on the cast coast, 70-71 deg. N., which stretches nearly 110 . miles to the west, is called, did not know it. Neither did Clavering. Yet both of theiu visited the east coast in tlie twenties of last century, and Clavering also the Shannon Island at 75 deg. Nor did the Austrian Gcrmania expedition see any of them toward the end of the sixties. This expedition, however, made the discovery that the inusk ox had immigrated, though only in a few varieties. Reindeer, however, were found in great numbers, just as they are now, at Spitzbergen, where Norwegian hunters have shot them in large numbers. And, just as at the present time tlie reindeer in Spitzbergen, where they have not been shot recklessly, are quite tame, and come quite close to the camp tents, so the Gcrmania expedition found the reindeer tame on the east coast of Green- land, which shows that the wolf had not immigrated then. And it is not named in the Payer expedition's report. The next ship to visit the east const was the Norwegian sealer, Hckla, which at tlie conclusion of the bladdernose catch in June caught 2G9 walrus at 75 deg. N.L. west of Shannon Island. This was exactly twenty years later, in 1889. During the twenty •years between the east coast apparently bad not been visited, that is to say tlie country it6elf, save perhaps by the Balaena, Capt. Robertson, though tlie Great lee may have been visited by Norwegian and English sealers, for the east coast of Greenland is one of the most difficult of Arctic countries to navigate on account of the Great Ice, main pack, from the Arctic' Occan, which drifts along it. Tlie wolf, then, lias followed the musk ox, and ten years went by before the Swede, Prof. N.ithorst, brought liome the first skin, and that he had bought from the skipper of the catch, the Norwegian, Olc Na;so, who told me that one of his men was flaying a musk ox when a great white animal, which was not a polar bear, pounced down on him so that he had to shoot it. The skipper, who was one of tlie first to sail through the Great Ice in a sailing cuttcr to hunt on land, sold this skin to Prof. Nathorst for £10. This wolf was shot by Cape Bror Iluys, about 73 deg N.L., but neither the Danish expedition to the east coast of Greenland, 1893-4, which wintered up the fiord under Capt. Ryder, nor Amdrup's expedition of 1898, saw any, Later, however, a pack was seen at Huory Inlet, Jameson Land, at 70j deg. N.L.; so there is no doubt tliat it is travelling quickly toward the south, and will soon reach the little Danish colony of Angmogsalik by Cape Dan, just south of the polar circle'. In tlie summer the Arctic wolf hunts singly or male end female together; in tlie winter their shrill howling in great packs Is heard near and far. Peary at Fort Conger saw nineteen iu one pack. : ; The East Greenland wolf is a large, strong animal, tall, with a long pointed snout and strong legs. It must be an exceptionally good, fleet and peresvering runner to wander from America over Greenland's North Point, 63 deg. to 70 deg., about a thousand geographical miles. This immigration has made considerable ravage on the. other animals. The • cast coast is one of the world's great, almost untouched, hunting fields. Here live the wild, reindeer, and "musk oxen-in - great herds (The year-old calves are particularly exposed to tlie wolves' attacks because tliey separate themselves from the herds), hares, Lapland marmots, white and blue foxes and cross foxes. All these are along tlie country, and in the fiords the. bladdernose, blue seal, fiord seal and walruses in flocks, narwhalcs in thousands; and the East Greenland polar bear is larger, stronger and more, ferocious than that of Spitzbergen. Of birds there are grouse, ducks, cider ducks and swans, and auks in millions. The rivers are full of great salmon, and Norwegian hunters maintain that they have seen brown animals resembling sea otters. • Of tlie four polar land animals, the bear, tlie wolf, the fox and the ermine, tlie most valuable skin after the bear's is the blue fox's. Indeed a fine blue fox skin commands a higher price than a small bear's skin. At the last auc- . lion held by the Royal Greenland Trading Company in Copenhagen blue fox skins sold from £5 to £50, and that is not a record. Large numbers of white and blue foxes are to be found around the North Pole, but when a fox has once become blue it keeps that color all the year around, just as the white foxes are white summer and winter. In this the polar foxes differ from tlie Scandinavian fox, which is brown in the summer and white in tlie winter. The Eskimoes in West Greenland declare that all the fox cubs are born white, but that as they grow some turn blue, and keep that color for tlie rest of tlieir lives. The color of the male lias a lot to do with tlie color of its offspring, however, and it would be surprising if a blue female had mixed offspring by a blue male, whereas a blue female probably would by a white male. On tlie 1'ribylow Islands, off Alaska, there are only blue foxes, and on Jan Mayen the majority are also blue, and it would not be impossible, on an island that was always free from surrounding ice, to eliminate white entirely. White skins do not command tlie same price as blue, so entirely blue offspring would be the best. The white and blue fox is to be found in all polar countries, the west, and especially the east, coast of Greenland, Spitzbergen, Franz Josef Land (a real Eldorado), North Amcrica, Siberia, and all the country and islands bordering on Siberia, however great the frozen sea may be between them, as the fox is always wandering. In tile summer it keeps near the Bird Mountains and the reindeer tracks, where it feasts on tlie young that fall from the nests and the carcases of tlie anima|s left behind by the hunters, but in the winter, when all the birds migrate, food becomes scarcc, and it is difficult to understand how the Sox can exist at all, for example on Franz Josef Lund, N.E. of Spitzbergen, where there are no reindeer. It must then live on what tile sea washes ashore, tlie carcases of seals, w r alruscs and whales killed during the summer by the hunters. When a slaughtering of walruses lias taken place on land, one will be sure to find foxes there several years after. In tlie winter it is always wandering, therefore, searching for washed-up carcases along the shore. It cannot save any of the summer's abundance for the winter, because the strong sense of smell of the other foxes would soon find it. They gather together, therefore, always near the dwellings of the wintering Arctic navigators, to whom they are a great plague with their thieving of everything possible, eatable or uneatable. If one comes across tlie trail of the polar bear, either on land or on tlie ice, one is almoist sure to find tracks of -the fox just behind. If the polar bear has regaled itself .with a seal, and is taking its after-dinner nap, then tlie foxes come creeping up to share in the feast. Right out at sea, between Jan Mayen's Land and Greenland's cast coast, I have found the tracks of foxes on the fields of ice, and it is pretty certain that tliey travel between the island and Greenland, as Jan Mayen's Land has always a large stock of foxes, even though the Norwegian wintering expeditions hunt them year after year. The |>oIar fox is easy to catch in traps and in other ways. An ordinary box wifR trap doors at each end, and a lump of blubber, or a bird banging in the middle, is quite an easy method of catching it.. It can also be caught alive and tamed. The breeding of the blue fox is'pretty certain of a big future. From Grecnlahd last year came 2000 blue fox skins and 1600 white, all caught wild, but people. hre experimenting with fox stud's."'. The foxes mate in March and April to tlie accompaniment of inuch liowling and shrieking. If theliunting of foxes were to be carried out .on a large scale it would be easiest to do it in conncction'Vith a seal .and Vhallng stcamei-, which could " Set on " land, wh'ere "the tnany fox tracks suggest an aburjtlande"b^th)it animal, some small, easily movable houses', with 'two : or three men. The skins may first be taken (after "October.' 1st. " Tliey are only alumned and li.ung up on a wall to dry.. .Should a -pregnant blue female be captured, it might-be interesting to allow it to give birtli to its young and bring them up. fin Jan Mayen's Land-tlie fox hunters have made, captures up to -£3000. By HENRY ETTE. 