OF INTEREST TO FARMERS j Hie wholesale pirc. of butter last week in Perth was: Bulk 1/45 cash with order; l/5i booked; Pats 1/4| (cash), 1/53 booked. IJ Tightening the Reins:—August the first was a distinctly momentous date in regard to the dairying industry in this State, as on that ' date in regard t® the dairying industry of this State, as on that date, the dairying branch "of the Agricultural Department ordained that the industry had become sufficiently established in this State to justify more explicit and definite grading as far as the quality of the cream received by the different factories was concerned. Hitherto it has been deemed adequate and sufficient to grade cream into two qualities— first and second. But from and after August 1st three grades have been laid down as mandatory. That is to say "choicest" has been set apart as being worthy of definite recognition and extra payment. For some time there has been a distinct and definite feeling that those dairymen who aimed at producing "choicest" cream only, were entitled to more financial recognition than those who were satisfied with a Jower grade. It was felt that the provision of consistent "choicest" quality entailed more work, a higher standard of clean- ) liness and hygiene all round, and furthermore more frequent transport to the factories, and therefore more expense. The opinion was expressed that the industry would never be lifted onto a higher plane until those farmers who were aiming at the highest grade of efficiency 'were paid a little extra as compared to those who were satisfied with less exacting standards. Frequent representations were made to the Department to this effect and the matter was materially advanced by one factory which consistently paid more for "choicest" cream and claimed that the resultant advantage as regards quality of butter fully justified this departure in practice as compared to the trade generally. On the other hand it was stated that the other factories were deterred from following this example owing to the alteration to t&eir; systems of book keeping which would be involved, to say nothing of the losses"'in stationery already printed, and losses which would be incurred in other ways. However, the Department ' ordained that the change should bp made and ipso facto the new order is in -existence. One of the consequences from the new departure will naturally be the desire of all dairymen to secure the highest return for their cream, and, therefore, it may be predicted with reasonable certainty that there will be a general notching up in. efficiency, and cleanliness on the part of those wfyo perhaps, hitherto, have not been asikeen as they might have been. Frost now on the pocket will be directly touched if anything but the best isl supplied. No dramatic change for ixhe better is -instituted in any walk of life without difficulties having to be encountered, and overcome, and- it may be taken' for granted that this will be no exception to the rule. In view of the general interest which this advance will 'occasion the Act and Regulation governing the change may with advantage bs quoted as follows:— The Dairy Industry Act provides: Section (1) The manager of every dairy, produce factory shall grade, or cause to t>e graded, according to quality, all cream. which is supplied to him, and in manufacturing butter therefrom shall keep Apart and not blend or .mix either as cream or butter the various grades thereof. It shall not be compulsory to grade cream in more than three qualities. The regulations under the Act provide: Section 26. Cream supplied to a dairy produce factory for the manufacture of butter shall be classified as follows:— No 1—Untainted, being superfiine, or choice grade. No. 2—Inferior, being first grade. No. 3 — Tainted, being second grade or, under. Untainted cream shall be free from - all taints,. from whatever source arising, and have a smooth and even texture. Inferior cream shall be cream affected by food flavour, slightly physical, biological, or chemical flavour, by tan odpur absorbed from any substance which is ndt of an unclean or putrescent nature, or by a combination of any of these. Tainted cream shall be a cream (a) ' affected by. an advanced physical, chemical or absorbed^ taint, or by an advanced biological taint which has not reached the putrescent stage, or by (b) cream in which are any" flies or vermin or any other nature whatsoever. Chatting to a representative of this paper Mr. Lindholm, the manager of the Boyanup Butter Company stated that naturally so dramatic a change as regards the industry generally would take a little time in adjusting; itself to the circumstances of the industry and the special and particular problems of the Southwest. The difficulties along the Great Southern would not be as great as they were here. In the Great Southern pastures there was no subterranean clover, or so little of it as not to affect the issue and therefore in that district there was practically no clovfer taint. But in the South-West, particularly during four months of the year, the clover taint in the butter was a problem that could not be ignored. It was to be assumed that the Department would realise this difficulty or otherwise if the regulations were strictly enforced unquestionably during the period of the year under review, most of the South Western cream would not come up to the requisite standard of quality as laid down by the Act. Doubtless, however, the same reasonablness which had aljrays characterised the Department in its attitude to the industry would be continued, and the difficulty woidd be overcome, in such graduaf stages that (there would be no, hardship entailed upon anyone. Feed flavour was t© an extent coped with by pasteurisation; but this, notwithstanding, in the spring time the flavour imparted by subterranean clover could still be detected, and visitors from the East invariably mentioned the taste which was imparted to our butter in con sequence of our pastures being practically confined to this one particular kind of clover. The clover taint could be neutralised to some extent by cooling the cream at the farm and he thought those farmers who did not cool their cream would be well advised to adopt this course. In cooling the cream it was at the same time aerated to some extent, and this treatment percepibly neutralised the flavour. One or two other experts in the South-West discussing the matter of the clover taint which was such a feature : in the South-Western butters -during the clover season, remarked that the action of the Department would au- tomatically result in the long run in chose' factories which were not equipped* with flash pasteurisers installing this latest adjunct to factory efficiency. The Manjimup factory for instance had a flash pasteuriser and as a consequence it was noticeable that the buter made in that factory carried the clover taint much less than the factories which were equipped with the old fashioned pasteurisers. The Capol Butter Factory}—During the course of a conversation during the week with a well-known Capel resident a representative of this paper was informed that as a result of the opening of the Capel butter factory, and the rapid extension of its operations, the demand for housing accomodation at Capel was greater than the supply. There is not an empty house at Gapel . at the present time, and several quarried men are looking for houses for their wives, and families. There is no question, remarked our informant, as to the benefit' which the factory has been to Capel, and I may add you can take it from me that the factory, and all that it stands for Is increasingly appreciated by the people of Capel and the surrounding district." Trade Impediments:—From time to time in. these columns reference has been made to the unsettled state of affairs on the continent of Europe and the very depressing effect that the quota system, total prohibitions, and other fiscal abominations were having on the butter majjpet in London. In this respect it is interesting to note that in a letter received this week from Englapd the general opinion was that the unsatisfactory condition of that market was. solely due to the causes above mentioned. It was stated that the system in vogue of quotas, high tariffs, and also the question of differences in currency all militated against the free circulation of the outputs of the various butter-producing countries. The case of Danish butter was a striking instance in this connection. ' Owing to the restrictions into France Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, and more particularly into Germany, larger quantities than usual of these descriptions were pressed, for sale on the British market, with the result that during five weeks quotations fell from 104/ to 84/ per cwt. f.o;b.,. the latter being the equivalent with 10 per cent, import duty added to 96/ London. This f.o.b. quotation was the lowest on record since June, 1928 Although .not to the same extent this decline naturally was reflected in the value of Australian and New Zealand butters on the English market. Buyers appeared to have lost confidence in that market, and being fully satisfied that ample supplies would be available for some time to come would not operate in excess of their immediate requirements. Cowt Need a Rett:—Cows give better returns if given a rest. One cow in the Iowa (U.S.A.) College herd produced 6261b. of butter fat in one year. She was given an eight weeks' rest and produced 6531b. of fat the next year. Following this lactation she had only two weeks' rest and produced only 379 lb. of fat, a decrease of 274 lb. After that she again had a two months' rest, and gave 553 lb. of butter fat. The Other Side* of the Picture:— So much evidence has been made available as to the difficulties under whieh the settlers in the South-West are labouring owing to the low price levels, and the conditions under which dairymen are being asked to live, that it comes as a pleasant change to hear the other side. It may be remarked in this connection that the recent Dairying Commission, if it served no other useful purpose, at least served as a safety valve, which enabled a number of more or less disgruntled men to get rid of a good deal of discontent, which must have been impairing their digestion somewhat. After this some of them will perhaps get down to work. Mr. W» R. Shaw dairy farmer of Harvey was one of the men who were not discontented. He stated that he was born in Scotland and migrated to the dairying districts of Canada. He was an in structor on a State Farm in Canada in 10(v;. Canada subsidised farmers pound for pound on silage, and got the money back through the increased export of produce. In his opinion the ^bull subsidy scheme in operation in this State should be modified. A man should not. be debarred from keeping the breed for which he has a liking. On his farm he had not used one pound of concentrates. He had 340 acres, some of which were irrigated. In his opinion the settlers needed to be educated in pasture improvement. • He found no difficulty in producing butter-fat at present prices and made the work pay handsomely, and there was no reason why his neighbours should not do the same. His farm cost him £15 per acre, and he had paid interest on the purchase price, which had not been less than 7 per cent., until lately. He had been doing that on 100 acres. Settlers should ^o in for small paddocks to be grazed over for about two hours in the morning, after which the stock should be shut out. The pastures should be top dressed and harrowed. . Working along those lilies most of the farms in the district could be improved 100 per cent. .Rotational grazing was the secret of pasture management. Australians, who could be trusted, constituted the finest material for dairying. They should educate the girls and boys in rural schools so that they would be fitted for their life's work. Lectures apropos of the industry should be given them. That would be the solution of the difficulty to a great extent. The future of the successful settlement of the land largely in the training of the children. In repl^ to questions Mr. Shaw said last year he received £1,300 for whole milk and butter-fat. He was paying £10 off his principal every month. He did not consider that he worked hard. Farm management in this country was so simple, as compared to Canada where it was necessary to hand feed stock. He considered that there was land here equal to anything in Bacchus Marsh. He had been on his holding five years, and he was confident that he could continue to make it pay. Something to Ruminate Over: — A cow slaughtered by a butcher at; Leigh, Lancashire (Eng.) contained | eighteen articles weighing 41b. 3oz.,j which included a long file, chisels, bolts and nails. Bad Tobacco Unwanted;—I read with much interest your comment last'week to the effect that the Department of Agriculture is largely! responsible for the plight of the tobacco growers, who are left high and dry with their last year's crop, because they were left to flounder in the drak over this adventure while; other avenues of agriculture, are safeguarded and directed by Government experts. This is so, only the best tobacco is saleable to-day writes' a correspondent. Bad tobacco is at present a drug on the Australian market; iiio ^manufacturer wants it at any price. At the recent auction sales in Melbourne only 45 per cent, of the dark leaf offered was sold, for the rest not a bid was made; and an average of less than 2/ per lb. was reached for all that was sold. Growers are grumbling about the prices, yet surely they must see that high prices for low grade leaf will do them no good, particularly at a time when the best foreign leaf can be landed in Sydney for 7d. per lb. No amount of protection will make people smoke what they do not want; but if Australian growers could produce a good article they would have no • difficulty in selling leaf, and ultimately the necessity for importing would automatically cease. The fact that Victorian and N.S.W. growers,are already finding it difficult to find a market for ttieir dark leaf, much of which is unsuitable for smoking at all, is a fair criterion of what manufacturers think of it. Sex Inheritance:—Carefully compiled private herd records in Sweden have shown that the normal ratio of male calves born was 106.2 to every 100 females, with no significant variation in this respect between the several breeds that were studied. This ratio checks very closely with ^ data 'secured by American cattle breeders under official supervision. The Kojonup-Albany District: The Director of Agriculture, Mr. G. L. Sutton, has made available th« following report received from the Superintendent of Dairying, Mr. G- K. Baron-Hay, who. recently visited the Kojonup, Muradup, Tunney, Cranbrook, and Albany districts and at each centre—by the request cf the local Fanners' Organisations—delivered a lecture dealing-with methods by which the production of butter may be economically increased in; these areas. It is not generally realised that this production of butter in districts of 20 inches and kiss of rainfall has; increased approximately twofold' during the last 2 years and that 18 per cent, or approximately one-fifth of the dairy cows are found in these areas. As indicating the _ increased production in the districts mentioned above, that of Cranbrook may be cited. In 1929, 500 cans of cream were despatched from that station, in 1930 5,000, and in 1931 11,000, while at present 100 cans of cream per week are despatched from the Cranbrook Railway Station. As far as records are available, the production of butter in these areas is approximately one-eigth of the total production for the State, indicating that the dairy cows in these dry areas only produce 60 per cent, of the production, of those in dairying districts proper. This difference in production is regarded to be due almost entirely to the lack of ample provision of fodder and not to the climatic conditions, as several of the leading herds in the Pure Breeds Herd Recording Scheme are situated in districts with less than 20 inches rainfall, such as the herds of Messrs G. Burgess, Tork; A. W. Padbury, Koojan; H. Herbert, Nungarin; and T. H. Wilding, Mokine The attitude of farmers generally 'towards the improvement of dairy stock through the use of pure bred = veral years ago 'veral centres was ,tion an outstanding sire will have on ithe dairy stock in its immediate (vicinity, and several farmers _ have .beeiTassisted u'ndteT the" Bull Su^ dy o.v^e Scheme in replacing Ki?iia undesirable nv ff<=t„j ! fiSL"» dams. ~ bred M,s - — | The recent Dairy Farm Competition indicated very clearly that even lin dairying districts the weakest j point in the system of farmng was fodder conservation, the average fodder conserved by the leading dairy farmers being 1.3 tons per !cow, while the seven leading farmers conserved 2.6 tons or exactly twice the tonnage of fodder per.cow. Jh An even more important factor will * be Played by fodder conservation in these dry areas. Farmers state that good crops of Sudan Grass can be relied upon in the districts mentioned, but the provision of silage either as stacks or preferably in trenches is recommended, the fodder conservation aimed at being 3 tons silage and 15 tons hay per cow. The outstanding feature . of the condition of istock in all these districts is the lack of mineral matter, particularly phosphoric acid in the diet of dairy cows. The past summer being particularly long has resulted in almost all dairy stock in these areas suffering from acute mineral deficiency, and herds were i seen where digestive troubles, > partial sterility, and impaired production were apparent and no doubt due to such deficiency. The mineral supplement recommended is Di-calcic Phosphate which may be obtained as a lick from the leading Fertiliser firms. A minimum of 4 ounces of lick per cow should be supplied in the feed during the dry summer months. Stack Ensilage:—During the week a representative of this paper- had the opportunity of meeting a number of farmers who discussed at length the problems of the immediate moment as affected by the low price rate now ruling, which by the way it was interesting to note, was accepted as more or less ^d^ati^ S ^ y i; ^ to aply to next d^de at. least It was pointed out that there might of course be a slight varia-; tion. The Ottawa conf^ence might i KhVp'rice*^ b , e a the world to lay dovm any other! El 107 S i tow prices as the rulmg factoi^ That, being so there was a consensus of) opinion that conservation oi fodder M P £ j SfSii aU sides ensikge JS-JTSSf and still more en- < silage 18 being talked, and the oprn-, ion was expressed by many settlers that this year will constitute a record in this direction. Last year would have seen possibly ten times; - V I?* l ^ f e S " ' Sf to chance in this regard as possible., Tattooing Black Pfgs:—Although there is no great fortune offering for the discovery of a satisfactory ink for tattooing the ears of black pigs, anyone who finds a successful substance will earn the gratitude of pig breeders all over the world. The -Boyanup Butter Factory:— There is no doubt that whatever may be said to the contrary the propriet- ary Lutter factories established at | Boyanup and elsewhere in the South- STXETSSl {f^ , v « uum^ mc w, j Boyanup factory have Been J^eted^* totaSy "moirXa^^^i^i-;^ demised that , unit. „t The other'day 1,._ a tsssr 5 ^ fc the and there is no ques- WijS"?* 15 * ow v on a fal ' t ^ k -J^11 -? £ a£ \ es -. EE, J 1 ha * s : 15 P ar " the tially balance of brick being with of asbestos cement facing, sheeting so as to ensure an equable temj psrature during the course of the ot weather. The ceiling ^ converted from the original flat de- [sign to one of more modem con- „ -c ensuring light and ventilation. Right throughout higiene and efficiency have been considered, and there is no question that the factory as installed to-day, comes up to a high standard of factory requirements. A Superdreadnought churn of the latest pattern has been installed, and the entire plant has been tuned up so that it will be easily capable of coping with an output of 20 tons a week as the season advances to its peak. An adequate cool-room capable of holding about 12 tons has been put in. The insulation of this room is very thorough and the addition of adequate cool storage should be of material advantage to the enterprise. The factory has a 12 ton freezer, the power being supplied by a 50 horsepower Marshall engine, and a 60 horsepower boiler. The testing room in conection with the factory which is under the personal supervision of Mr. Lindholm is so situated as to be in touch with every Department of the enterprise. North Queensland Tobacco:—I notice that you have of late ^devoted a considerable amount of space to the position of tobacco growers in the Wlest, comments a correspondent from the Balingup district. It may be of interest to your readers to know that I recently had a letter from Queensland in "which it was stated that tbe representatives of practically every manufacturer in £ ustrali / are c&^g growers in the Mareeba district to B s« u and prac _ ticaU u his seaaon> s h ^ W ' The ** »P ^ 4/ per . average price of Mareebe leaf Jibel ^ about 3/ per and so far as is known not one J t fa ^ failed to find a buyer, Texa/£ owers who se nt their jf risbane recently experienced the utmost difficulty^ in selling, | tWB leaf was some of the best in this state for many years. offered 1/6 lb f£/ it at ^; this did not reach the «- res ° Subsequently it . ^ treatv unstated price by that i S f ^ ^ f l S t L and ating smokers is produced, the Mawi U ** The remain that growers in this State have really never had a chance to produce good leaf; that the Department of 'Agriculture has never had the knowledge or the ex- P ert advice which would enable it tel1 growers that they were producing something that manufacturers did not want; and that the Department has too long delayed searching for suitable soils. Growers and officials alike have awakened to these facts as the result of this season's hard experience. In another five years we may possibly be where Mareeba stands today, on the threshold of a wonderful money- making industry. The time has come, however, when tobacco growers should demand the "dinkum oil" about their industry, and not listen to the vaporings of botanists and scientific workers. The proof of the "fag" is in the smoke it produces, and if smokers will not smoke gaspers made from West Australian grown leaf, it is time that growers woke up to the fact and either change their crop or try to grow something that the public really wants. Porcine Population:—Last year Denmark admitted having 5,473,000 pigs, an increase of 292,000 or 6 per cent increase over the previous yeav. The Cost of Production:—Mr. J. Dixon, an Agricultural Bank Inspector, stationed at Pinjavra, states that the Bank's properties were revalued in 1926. Butter-fat and all such-like products had gradually been falling in value since, hence the returns had not bscn equal to the , , anticipations ,, . . of that ~ time. . To i balance this an increase of revenueproducing stock, entailing expense: to increase, feed, and carry it, ha? been necessary. On most holdings the stock and production of butter fat had been increased. It could as a consequence be taken as almo general that the value of products is now approximately what was es-} timated m 1926, notwithstanding h the drop, m prices. Had working ex-l penses dropped in the same propor- j tion, and at the same rate, thisposition would have been arrived atl sooner. Super and other manures were either very little or no cheaper. Machinery and fencing wive remained very much the same as then. It was difficult to estimate any time ahead what the returns from farming were likely to be owing to mar ket fluctuations and the uncertainty ( of the seasons, although the latter conditions could be counter balanced to some extent by the conservation of fodder. It should be fairly safe to assume, however, that with the exception of butter-fat most farm products are at bed-rock at the present time. But a still further fall in butter-fat prices appeared to be sot impossible as the proportion of butter exported was increasing. As far as butter, bacon, and whole milk are concerned, there appeared to be too big a margin where the price paid to the farmers was com-, pared to that charged to the con- \tT£% i l?™^™?™ 1 ^- p t itai T h f d ! jg, f ^ f J ^ L ^ J l f ^ T^i cash i "for 11 8! longer MS'- 1 «• "~!l ~ year ahead. The ma-: nure W ™ which he buys will not give any j i h f n ffi ™ntfi ^Tthe 1 1 fXLnefit luu penent V is not not obtained oDtained ft roi ? SWTB manure, machinery and parts, fenc-| ing wire> etc„ are sold to him at fixed P" ce ^ow S a profit to! th e manufacturer, agent, or storekeeper, whilst for his products he Who'control over their selling price ' and had to tek whatever is offeredin the ODen market h-vesnectiw '"Jj rf n r I S Lvp Hand W Lte such « raU dmmis-' „<. , , ,, ij 1^ show w loss on the S i ne I s snowjng a loss on the coU of As the value of his products de pends mainly on the 1 price in other j parts of Australia and abroad, it is' a position which appears impossible to overcome, unless it is possible to fix a price for all produce used for home consumption; or otherwise, farmers do more amongst themselves as regards co- operation—and fix their own prices. Farm Management:—Mr. Dixon said he was of the opinion that a man on a property developed to carry 14 to 15 cows in a satisfactory manner should pay living and all ordinary working expenses, with the exception of liability on borrowed money (unless this be a small amount, when it could be done) and that each cow over and above this) number should allow for the payment of £8 to £10 towards interest j or reduction of mortgage. It was! impossible to lay down a hard and! fast rule as it depended largely to what extent a man was helped by! his family. At present prices a cowj should give an average of £11 a. year : from butter-fat, and the value of j calves for the season average £1/10/j per cow. Many settlers got much] less than this land he observed that the quality of the cows supplied was chiefly blamed for the losses in this respect. The main reasons in his opnion were (1) Insufficient and unsuitable food. (2) cows are not handled and milked in a proper manner (children and irregular hours). (3) Calves are dropped too late and get the best results from natural succulent feed. (4) Owing to insufficient feed being conserved to supplement dry feed in paddocks from January to May and young growth from May to August, cows are low in condition when they calve, which means that their constitution generally has to be built up at the -expense of milk production. A poorly developed calf is also dropped. which is detrimental to the future herd. Too Mneh Land:—Other causes of the position of many soldier settlors and bank clients is the holding of much land on which ratvs, land tax, cost of fencing, and interest on money borrowed to purchase or fence, has to be paid, whilst no return or very little, is derived from it, said Mr. Dixon. Again even on smaller holdings, a big expense is often undertaken to clear an area of land, and it is not developed as regards grassing and sub-dividing to obtain maximum results, before more labour is expended on a further area. Wlith the consequence that none of it is farmed to give the best results. Small areas of the best land should be concentrated on, and where the area exceeds that necessary for a self-contained farm capable of carrying, say 40 cows when developed, it should be disposed of. n q X ^ l t S S tsutter butte manufacture has incased greatly during the last few years-thi m o efficient machinery, chums, pasteurisers, coolers, and cream vats have been developed—but the quality of the original cream is still the controlling factor of butter quality, writes H. D_ Barlow in the South Australian "journal of Agriculture." Although present-day methods of treatment can be expected to (and in fact do) prevent rapid deterioration after treatment, we are unable to so rejuvenate or alter the quality that a good butter can be manufactured from an inferior cream. A Spanish Settlement:—A correspondent from the Busselton district states that the other day he had occasion to go to the Spanish settlement at Yongerillup, situated about 15 miles from Busselton, in the Abba Sabina area, and he thought | that it would be as well if other people were a little better informed as to what these Spaniards are doing, j dnu and the uic gallant gaiiaui agin fight which wiiivu they uicv have made to establish themselves without any assistance whatever—inj this way, he comments, they seem toi have succeeded in making an uncons-j cioas commentary upon the settlers W6 have unsuccessfully endeavoured! st l a c e on the land a]though we l have surrounded them with advice, and financia] hei p wh i c h the Spanards had to do without. Some vears ago a b o u t a d o 2 e n families of S p a n. iards i oca ted themselves on their present holdings. It is understood that the reason why they settled xrhere thev did was because the land was considered worthless and was, therefore, available to them atj a very cheap price. At any rate while others considered the land of no account,, to the Spaniards it seemed a golden opportunity to acquire properties of their own. But there was a difference in the attitude of the Spaniards to that of the settlers which we tried to put on the land in the group settlements. The Spaniards had not the slightest thought of "polling" upon anybody and furthermore they were not " afraid of ork. They took their coats off, and :^ to itj and to. day as a result of | their years of e ff ort . they have quite | comfortable homes and appear to be j(?uj te welJ off _ Certainly they make complamts. They planted vine- > vards and ^ave rea p e d the result of t}leir j ndus t ry a nd enterprise. Their [children are on the way to becoming excellent Australians. They have come under our standards of education, and while some of their elders speak English with difficulty, the children speak just as well as OUT' fWlL Young Slows:—Young sows are better in a growing condition with regular diets from the time they are weaned. The foods given should be such as produce flesh and bone without stimualting or leading to rapid growth and development. If this course be adopted the young sows will have well-formed bodies, be strong and active and quite capable of producing healthy progeny. These sows become domesticated, tame and easily handled in times of r:-^- When;gestation ™ — — is — gomg t h on the same Judicious feedmgjs nes t S * i e * \- fltted up for fairowing farrowing, cho cnoppsa straw beiijg provided with ' which p Pthe lsd sow may instinctively prepare her bed. Many a good breeder becomes restless, nervous and upset when farrowing comes on, by being put into a strange sty with unfamiliar surroundings. This may entail serious loss. Local Control Urged:—Mr. W. W. Vickery, the officer in charge of the group settlements in the Busselton district states that he has always held the opinion that the South- West possesses distinct problems from the wheat belt, and should be subject to separate control. Conditions were entirely different in this province. He suggested thaf there should be decentralised control. He agreed that a board comprising the superviser, a representative of the settlers and a representative successful fanner in the district might be of assistance in deciding questions that arose from time to time. He was of the opinion that the whole | group settlement scheme could be put on a better business basis. At times head office over-Tuled the re- " commendations which were made by those who were on the spot. In those circumstances the position of the local officials was adversely affected and in consequence they did not get e results they should get from the settlers. The officials on the spot for instance. might now that a man had not milked his cows by ten o'clock in the morning but unless tbey were supported they could not do anything. There were too many settlers who would be good workers under the direction of masters, but who were hopeless without that direction. This matter was under the consideration of the Department and he had discussed the question ^with the Premier. If he, personally, were given a free hand to deal with men of that typ he would control the whole of. their revenue. He would take over the whole of the direction, (Continued on Page 4.) r A fiMTNn rAKMirNJjr WflTfTQ INUlHiO ! . m , (Continued from Page 1) ' map out a programme of work, take the revenue from all sources, and limit the expenditure. Under the ! existing conditions they averaged i ninety settlers per inspector; an in- > spector could visit four or five set-', tiers every day and map out a pro- j gramme for a month in advance. j Italian Potato Growers:—A cor- l respondent writing from Waroona ! states that the Italians may be des- j pised by some Australians, on account of their nationality, but it would least the seem Italians that in in one the particular Waroona at district least the are Italians to be warmly m the commended. Waroona They are not afraid of hard work, and furthermore they are not afraid of launching out for themselves and gradually carving their way to independence. Among the Australians the majority of the unemployed fall back upon the Government to find them, work and seem perfectly impotent to do anything themselves. If the Australians are open to criticism in this respect the imported immigrants from England seem ten times more useless. The Italians, however, view matters differently. Evidently the Italian Government has taught them to have more backbone. Anyway several groups of them have taken on areas of suitable country for potato growing, and have cleared the land on condition that they should have the right to put in a crop of potatoes. If anyone were to make such a suggestion to the average Australian he would wonder if the other fellow was all right in his head. But the Italians not only enter into such contracts cheerfully, but what is more they appear perfectly satisfied with the results. The country tackled in some instances is "paper bark" land which is another way of saying that the clearing could not be more difficult or arduous. Italians have just cleared about 8 acres of paper bark land belonging to Mr. Fitzgerald and put them under potatoes. To make this venture successful the Italians show that they are not only not afraid to work and work hard but they get down to the job in the most workmanlike way. They work night and day and seem to think nothing of the arduous clearing involved. They pitch their camps right in the middle of the job they intend to do _ W uv and just slog into it. The same applies to burning'off. They keen . their fires going night and day. Our] men similarly situated, remarks our j correspondent, think it more manly j to accept two days work a week. I Australian Tobacco:—Anyone who knows anything about Australian to- bacco and the condition of the trade in Great Britain will question the suggestion that the Commonwealth could compete against America,. Turkey, Egypt and South Africa-on the home market states an Australian expert after travelling through Australasia. At the present time over 16,000, 000 lb. of Nysaland and Bhodesian tobacco, suitable for manufacture into tobacco, suitable for manufacture into cigarettes, is lying in bond in Liverpool and London, unsaleable. This tobacco, grown by blacks, is ansaleable even at 1/ per lb., and is equally entitled to the 2/ per lb. preference extended to Empire-produced leaf as would be Australian leaf grown by whites. How could Australian producers hope to compete on an even footing with this leaf, even if its quality were in any way comparable? It is generally agreed that fluecured Australian tobacco costs at least 1/ per lb. to produce and market, yet the top price offered for the South African leaf in London was 1/ per lb. Even the highest grades of Rhodesian leaf are at present unsaleable, and it must be admitted by anyone with ttie slightest knowledge of the tobacco trade that our leaf is in no way to be compared with such produce. Too Much Land:—Chatting to a representative of this paper during the course of the week a visiting dairy dairv expert, who wno has nas just jusl uaveueu travelled very carefully over the South-West remarked that he had been greatly impressed with the possibilities of the district. In fact he remarked the progress of the South West from a dairying point of view is only in the beginning. One fact which impressed me right throughout was ithat whilst without exception, the inen'engaged on the industry are attempting to conduct their operations on excessively large areas. Of course a number of factors art responsible for this state of things, but there is no getting away from the fact that from an economic point of view—and economics now govern all classes of industry-—large areas are a distinct handicap because they are bar high efficiency. The 1 a oar to Ulgii CIUUCIKJ. J re- eult in "most cases is that large quan- titles of feed go to waste, and where ring. bavkiTlg has been carried out, and not followed up much of the country is rapidly reverting to its J oniie L " state. As a matter of fact, 3n llils instance the last state js! wolse than the first. Speaking by and large, of the South West, it may be asserted without fear of contradiction that thousands of .acres of ringtalked land now carry millions oi iuckers, some of them being from 10 co 12 feet high, while others might iather be described as young trees. If these are left a few years longer, the , cst 0 f clearing will be greater than it was originally. With the price of butter-fat at its present low level, daiiymen; are finding it difficult, L rot impossible, to cope with the position of financing the expenditure incidental to these large areas, and many of them will either be ultimately forced to let a proportion of theii holdings lapse into unproductiveness, or else they will be compelled to put a portion of their lands on the market and work smaller areas more effi ciently. Could Not Spare the Time.—During the course of my trip I drew the attention of a number of dairymen to the way in which their properties were drifting,' and I was struck with the general trend of the replies which [ received, remarked the visitor. O' course, the statements were dresses ir. different language according to the temperament of the man speaking, but for the main they were to the effect that they were carrying too much land to be effectively coped with by the farmer himself; that he could not spare the time to go aver the suckers with an axe, and he ertainly could not afford to pay others to do the work. I think I can fairly, accurately predict that the present state of affairs may last a ittle longer, and then in the natura' order of things it will.carry its own remedy in that the farmers will realise the position, and there will be £ general movement towards the subdivision of those farms which are ^.training the resources of their holders. The smaller -revenues which are now being realised, and the need for reducing overhead costs will automatically effect a change. Vt the same time I think that some expansion in the case of the smallei herds will result from the lowering ill in the blic J/Li^C price vii of vauwv cattle which ituivw are " now ~ coming closer to the profitable stage, One thing can be said distinctly ir f avour c f the South Western dairyman, as against the dairymen of New g ou th Wales and Victoria, is that he has not had to cope with the overcapitalisation which has proved such a crippling factor in regard to many Eastern States operators. Over- capitalisation during the boom days and revaluation at considerably lower figures has compelled many men tc sub-divide, but the realisation that they are carrying too much country to make a profit out of it has undoubtedly been the deciding factor over there in the majority of cases where sub-division has been decided upon. I may remark that the same forces which will ultimately compe 1 sub-division in the West are operat ing in the East, in fact I am not sure that the difficulties of the primary producer over there as compared to the conditions experienced in the South West are not very much more onerous. Eastern States* Developments.— When asked what was the most important development noticeable regard to dairying in, the Eastern States the visitor said he thought he could without question -say that the rapid and wide-flung expansion of dairy, farming on the western slopes of the dividing range was the most important development of ,recent years. The area to which he alluded extended from Victoria to Queensland, a distance of 700 miles, and reached from 300 to 400 miles back from the coast. The total area which has changed over from wheat and wool production covered about 75,000 square miles. Efforts were being made by the authorities to see that this development, which was too undoubted to be mistaken, \-- — - . ; should take place on an organised plan, local rivalries, and desires being subordinated by the authorities to the general welfare of the community. In this regard it might be mentioned that efforts were being made to obviate one factor which he had noticed in the South West, anc that was a tendency for the butter factories to overlap. • In thfe area to "which he had alluded, the authorities were trying to curtail and dis courage unnecessary expenditure of capital, especailly where it could be avoided. It has been found from experience of modern methods that cream can be transported from 40 to 60 miles, and arrive in a condition to make choicest grade butter. The UUM, cost Ul of transport blAii^VLb Vi of Viw.". cream is — one- - third that, of the increase^ cost of manufacturing in centres spaced only j 20 to 30 miles apart, with outputs of about five tons a week. It may j • le of interest to the dairymen of the j South West to know that to deal [ most efffi' ctively arid economically j with the marketing competition of farm-made butter, the following - - re commendations were made at a rerent conference, held at Wellington: "That factories be placed not less than 80 miles apart"; "That factories be situated in an irrigable centre or within the 24 to 28 7 inch rainfall belt which runs north from the Victorian border to that of Queensland through Albury, Wagga, Cootamundra, Wellington, Merryseen, Narrabri and InverelL" Grasslands of the Empire.—The ir.asslands of the British Empire support at least 500,000,000 animals, according to Sir Robert Greig, in an address before the Pan-African Agricultural Conference. He added that the intensive management of grasslands in Australia, New Zealand and Great Britain is only beginning, but already it is nlain thai, production can be doubled under skilful management. Even fertilisers and artificial manures, concerning which we know more of than almost any other agricultural improvement, have far wider fields to conquer than any that they have yet subdued. Transport of Cream and Other Produce.—Mr. P. G. Hampshire, who at one time was Supervisor of Dairy-! ing in this State, and now occupies the position of agricultural editor of "The Western Mail," recently made some very comprehensive statements with regard to the marketing of produce in the South West, which bore out the contentions advanced by Messrs. Hands and Roberts in their able advocacy of deep water berths and better harbour facilities at the port of Bunbury. He point ed out that the marketing of dairy and other produce-in this State constituted a very difficult problem. He contended that unquestionably the Government should interest themselves in this work as they could proride facilities for marketing which would be difficult of attainment without State intervention. The matter cf cool stores was a case in point. They had the spectacle for instance st Bunbury where 90 per cent, of the butter produced in the State went through the railway yards, and also a large percentage of the fruit, en to Fremantle. The butter alone cost nearly £2 per ton freight to Fremantle, whereas with cool stores at Bunbury that expense could be saved. Again, from the point of view of the fruit, the pork and but ter industries, under the system he suggested there would not be the detrioration that now occurred during the hot weather. They had had butter arriving in Perth at a tem p'erature of 93 degrees. There was no question that the practice of using ordinary railway vans for the conveyance of .cream was detrimental to the quality of the cream and subsequently to the quality of the butter into which that cream was converted. In the interest of the industry proper louvred, air draught vans should be used as against today's ordinary type of vans which were just light ovens. He gave his assurance that at the Bridgetown depot of the company wKich he was recently the general manager of, they frequently had 4,500 lbs. of a;eam, 45 10-gallon , tins, brought into Bunbury at a temperature of 90 degrees. The cream had to remain in that van locked up all night, when ..the temperature was round about 90 odd. Such a procedure was simply an invitation to the cream to go b^d. However the company was helpless in the matter. The difficulty had been created by the railway not providing suitable facilities. In answer to questions Mr. Hampshire said that if .the Railway Department were to' provide such vans as he had suggested and charged an extra freight for the produce carried in them it would be to the advantage of the producer. In three months last year the South-West Co-Operative Dairy Products Company had £1,399 worth of secondgrade butter fat, in other words, they had 85,000 lbs. of secondgrade butter fat. Only 6 per cent, of the cream received was second grade. That was 4d. te 5d. per Jb. Under top price. When the price was Hid. and the settler was paid 4d. under that, he only got twothirds of the original price. Motors Versus the Railway:—Mr. Hampshire was interesting, when discussing the question of motors in competition with the railways. He was personally not in favour of motors running alongside the railways. However, when considering a question of that kind they should also bear in mind that the Railway Department should give the dairying industry better facilities. He did not, however, think that the failure of the Government to supply proper cool storage vans had affected this aspect of the transport question. The farmers themselves had not been, for the most part, concerned about the transport of their cream. The present position had been created more by the fact that some man, who perhaps had a motor, worked it out that, he «ould tuh <tfhe traffic cheaper. He then went round and saw the people. He possibly pointed out that he could get back-loading and took the cream to the factors quicker. In some cases too, there was the point that the cream had to be carted from the farm to the siding, and from the railway to the factory, making double cartage, and the farmer considered that the one cartage from his gate to the factory was. more economical. Those were the only instances in Mr. Hampshire's opinion where there should be competition, and even so that competition would be in respect of short trips only. It was always the policy of the South-West Co- Operative Dairy Company to discourage the use of motors and to encourage the use of the railways as much as possible. They took the point of view that the railways were a State concern doing good work at cheap rates. At the same time there was no doubt that better facilities could be provided for the handling of butter. He secured data throughout last year showing the temperature of the railway vans when the cream came in at various points in the South-West. He also took the temperatures of the vans and of the butter on arrival in Perth. He secured that data to make out a case for presentation to the Railway Department in favour of the provision of a better type of van. As far as the South-West is concerned the marketing of produce would be concerned largely with butter and 1 butte—fats, vealers, and steers, pork, poultry, vegetables and eggs. In considering this question one — possible factor which had to be borne in "mind was the possible community phase of transportation, especially as applied to cream and pigs. The practice of an individual farmer carting his cream to the sidirg was so much waste effort. One man could do the work instead of a dozen or more. It was in the marketing of pigs that the position was most pronounced. One man may tend a few pigs and the same positiun rc.ight apply to quite a number of other settlers. They sent their pigs individually to market, whereas haif a dozen of them might club together and get a truck Between them. That aspect was sometimes lost sight of, but in considering the economic handling of farming propositons. he thought this matter should be forcibly impressed upon, particularly the group settlers. Australian Conditions.—For the second week running there has been a general rise in price livels throughout most of the States of the Commonwealth. As was mentioned last week the local price was re-adjiisted by the sectional committee, at a spe cial meeting on the Wednesday (writes our Sydney — —correspondent). — — f o The other rises took place on Monfef^^J^-^'i^JJ: Queensland, Victoria and Tasmania all raised their levels; the first-named to 154/-, the second to 144/8, and the third to 149/4. In the case of South Australia an increase wn the local market can be expfected any day now. New South Wales Conditions.—In this State owing to the cold, wintry weather, the shrinkage in arrivals at Sydney continues very steadily, and to meet the full grocers' requirements coldroom stocks are being drawn upon (writes a Sydney authority). Withdrawals must continue to increase in volume to about the end of August. The local demanr at the advanced price is very satisfa< j tory; a good volume of business i being done and-the tone of the mar ket is strong and sound.. The ex portable surplus has dwindled down to approximately 3*900 boxes, and this is going overseas, no demand or. such surplus being made by interstate buyers, owing to the fact that pro duction in other States is more than sufficient for local requirements. Victorian Conditions.—In Victoria .production has about reached its lowest point, and for last week arrival; in Melbourne were a few hundred boxes less than were received ther' the previous week. Even so they were 9,000 boxes over receipts fo the same week last year. The Mel bourne market is reported to be firm at the advanced price and fo.b. buy ers have been operating with a good deal of activity following on the hardening of the London market. The surplus over and above local require ments is still in the neighbourhood of from seventeen to eighteen thou .sand boxes weekly. South Australian Conditions.—In South Australia perfect weather conditions prevailed last week, rain and sunshine ruling, with, the result that production continues to expand, and it is estimated that that State possesses approximately an exportable surplus of 100 tons weekly. As was mentioned above, that market may advance any day. London Prices.—In London the firming tendency noticed last week has continued until last Wednesday's quotations gave a value for salted "Kangaroo" of 104/-. With the peak production in the Northern Hemisphere passed by, and with 20 per duty plumped. on Irish imports of butter, the market seems quite sound and it will not be surprising if, in view of the improved economic position, it still further advances. Imports of butter into England during last month, totalled 39,072 tons, as compared with an importation of 37,830 tons made during June of last year. Increases were made by the following exporting countries: Denmark 716 tons, and Esthonia, Latvia and other Baltic countries. 1,174 tons. Decreases were registered c by Australia with 1,304 tons, Russia, 428 .tons, and Holland, 675 tons. The total of foreign imports showed an increase of 1,407 tons. Re-exports amounted to 606 tons. Sydney advices from London houses give c.Lf. & e. offers round abou* 102/-, which is equal to 145/- f.o.b. A private cable from London reports that the butter market was firm; Danish production declin ing. Australian salted choicest was quoted at 103/- to 104/-,= with firsts 1/- a cwt. lower and seconds at 99/-, 100/-; choicest unsalted was worth 105/-vto 106/- (six shillings advance), with firsts at 103/-, 104/- and seconds, 99/-, 100/-. Danish moved up five points to 111/-, as did New Zealand salted, which had improved its position to 107/-. For unsalted brands of that Dominion 108/- was the top price. Argentine makes were worth 86/- to 92/-; Siberian, 90/-; Irish, 106/- to 108/-, and Latvian and Esthonian, 92/- to 94/- a cwt. Price a year ago. 110/- to 111/- pe'r cwt. New South Wales Prices.—During the week the Commonwealth Graders at Sydney examined, prior to export, 2,858 boxes of salted butter. Exports overseas consisted , • of 2,152 boxes sent to IJ.K. and 1,741 boxes to foreign .ports. Price, 151/10 per cwt. Price a year ago, 156/6 per cwt. Queensland Prices.—Price, 154/- per cwt. Victorian per cwt. Prices.—Price, 144/8 w Tasmanian Prices.—Price, 149/4 per cwt. m South Australian Prices.—Price, 137/8 per cwt. - 