OK INTEREST TO FARMERS i The wholesale price of butter in Perth last week was: Bulk 1/4 (cash), £1/44 (booker); Pats, 1/5 (cash, 1/54 (booked). During, the course of the Field ' Day at Harvey a demonstration was given on Mr. London's property with a Martin ditcher. It was stated that by the use of this implement irrigation channels and drains could be put down to a depth of 18 inches at a cost of 1/6 per chain. Two of these implements are owned by the Irrigation Branch of the Agricultural Department and arc loaned to farmers on application to Mr. A. R. Clifton, the officer in charge. * * * * Mr. Roy Uaywards property was included in the farms visited during the recent Harvey field day. This highly successful farm was particularly interesting owing to the experiments which have been and are being conducted there in connection with pasture management. Mr. Baron Hay, the Superintendent of Dairying took advantage of the opportunity to give a short but informative address. He said the fertiliser experiments had been designed with the view of demonstrating whether the concentrated and combined fertilisers now becoming the vogue in Europe would be applicable in Western Australia. They includ- ed nitro-chalk being y combination of nitrogen as ammonia and nitrate, nitrogen with approximately 50 per cent, of free lime in the mixture. II was anticipated that possibly this mixture might give excellent results on acid soils in districts with heavy rainfall. Monophos, a fertiliser containing 18 per cent, of phosphoric acid and also 18 per cent, of nitrogen as ammonia was also tried as against sulphate of ammonia. The differences, during the period that these experiments had been in operation were not sufficient to state present that any improvement could be made on superphosphate in conjunction with sulphate of ammonia as its source of nitrogen. On this farm the area devoted to rotational grazing, said Mr. Baron Hay had grazed well over one cow to the acre during the ten months which had elapsed since its inception. The cffect of harrowing with various types of pasture harrows was also demonstrated during the course of the day. Mr. Hayward advised that as a result of harrowing the pasture was sweeter and the recovery after grazing more rapid than where harrows were not used. It was pointed out that harrowing had shown that on certain farms in the irrigation area water was used to excess as was indicated by the experiments, as a result of which one watering during the month of January had been proved to be unnecessary whereas in previous years in which the land had not been rigorously harrowed one watering was found beneficial each month. * * » * During the course of the Group Settlement Commission a certain amount of consideration was naturally given to the question of stock. Mr. E. A. McLarty while giving evidence on this subject stated that the majority of the animals purchased from the Eastern States were bought when young. He had not found that it took very long for the stock to become acclimatised if they were properly looked after. As a matter of fact the improvement in the space of two or three months had been remarkable. Some, perhaps, might not be good doers and would not show improvement for a longer period. As regards complaints made by settlers as to the milking capacity of some of the animals being low it should be remembered that in most cases heifers on a first calf did not give much milk. If ' an animal gave a couple of gallons it was considered that the owner had struck something good. But they improved with age. Some of the heifers, however, had been very disappointing but that was due in some cases to bad feed, ing and neglect on the part of the settlers. No cow would maintain her milking capacity if she was not properly fed and looked after. A great deal of the trouble had been due to neglect and poor feeding. At the same time it was readily admitted that a percentage of the Eastern States heifers were not satisfactory. It was extraordinary the result of bull calves obtained by these stock, and especially was this the case when the settler had stock of his own, and the department had stock under lien, the Department^ percentage of heifer calves had in many cases been extraordinarily low. There had also been a great wastage in the calves. There had not been nearly the natural increase of heifer calves that there should have been. This had been very noticeable in the case of some settlers who were paying their interest and their departmental dues from the sale of surplus stock. Many other settlers had not one head of surplus stock for sale after seven or eight years. Mr. Brockman remarked that on the Peel and Bateman Estates they noticed some very fine shorthorn heifers. He took it that the Department would not allow these to be sold to private agents? Mr. McLarty replied that they were not supposed to be sold, but it was impossible to exercise the supervision necessary to prevent the illicit sale of stock. They had reason to believe that quite a a number of heifer calves had been sold as bull calves. As a matter of fact the holdings should be fully stocked to-day but there had been a big wastage. The chairman asked if it was true that a certain number of ihdse young stdck, say Eastern 1 Slates stock, had been sold at very low prices, taken care of by the purthasrr and foutad.to.improve so much . in a short time that the Department ; had bought them back? Mr. j McLarty replied that he had heard ' of that being done. He had'no doubt that a. lot of the OY's which had been culled' were quite suitable animals under good management- If they were sold to men who fed and looked after them they would be perfectly suitable cows for group settlement, Up to date they had had no trouble in dealing with stock of high quality. Suitable stock could be readily transferred to other settlers who required them. These transfers were arranged by the field officers. * * # * James Gibson, chairman of the Boyanup Dairy Co. Ltd., writes:— In a recent issue of your paper, you stated that the Boyanup Dairy Company is owned by the Great Southern Butter Company. I want you to contradict this statement. The Boyanup Dairy Co. is in no way connected with any Company. When we commenced the Boyanup factory I was a director of the Great Southern Butter Co., and had for a great number of years, acted as chairman of that company. As I was unable to give my strict attention to the affairs of both companies, I resigned by directorate of the Great Southern Butter Co., and I have since devoted all my time to the affairs of the Boyanup Dairy Co., which. 1 am pleased to say, is also very successful. During the past season, our output reached 12 tons per week, and our suppliers were extremely satisfied with the many advantages they received in dealing with this company. (Signed) JAS. GIBSON. Box 73 P.O., Narrogin—2/3/32. * * * * Prior to the formation of a Pasture Improvement committee, it was contended in Queensland that the only grass that would grow in that State during the winter months was prairie grass. A few farmers had, during recent years, sown various types of rye grass seed and obtained good results, but the localities where this seed was sown were so few and far apart that r the -Jesuits were seldom heard of. One' of the! first steps taken by the committee, acting in conjunction with the Queensland committee of the Australian Dairy Council, was to obtain a large quantity of perennial rye grass, wimmera rye grass, cocksfoot, perennial red clover and subterranean clover seed, for use on pro-1 perties selected for pasture experimental purposes. The seed was distributed in various districts of the State. Reporting to a meeting of the Queensland committee of the A.D.C., Messrs. Harris and Anderson stated that as a result of experiments conducted, they were of the opinion that, so far as Queensland was concerned, subterranean clover was a failure. On the other hand, in practically every case where perennial red clover had.been sown, it had proved a success, and the same could be said of wimmera rye grass and cocksfoot. They felt safe in saying that wherever the weather in Queensland was suitable for prairie grass, perennial red clover, wimmera rye grass and cocksfoot would grow equally well, thus adding three new winter grasses to the list, which more than justified the whole of the expenditure to date. Wimmera rye grass and perennial red clover had done remarkably well. One gratifying feature in connection with the work was the fact that so many farmers had become keenly interested and were applying to the Pasture Improvement Committee for advice as to the time for sowing, also as to the right type of seed, fertiliser, etc., to use on their respective farms. From reports furnished by the supervising officer, it appeared that, every case where the committee had undertaken pasture improvement! work, definite results had been ob- j tained. Perhaps the most outstand-} ing district was the Maleny district, 1 where a number of dairy farmers had undertaken this work. Messrs. Harris and Anderson further explained that the Pasture Improvement Committee had decided to procure a quantity of certified seed of the various grasses and clovers in order to ascertain the true perennial types, and make this knowledge available to farmers. The estimated cost of the seed was £50. * * * * A correspondent writes that he has noticed with a considerable amount of pleasure that attention has recently been directed in these columns to the advantage of bee keeping. H6 says that any dairyman in the South West keeping bees will find it an interesting and profitable sideline. This district, he says, is very suitable for bees, having an almost unlimited number of flowering trees and shrubs. The double hive is best, because it confines the queens to the bottom hive and allows all the top hive to be filled with cleen honey free from brood. The double hive also helps the extracting, for on the night before extracting zinc is removed and a board with a bee trap in it is put in it^ place. The following day when removing the frames to extract, the bees will be out collating honey but cannot return through the trap to the bottom hive until the excluding zinc is replaced. An extractor is needed. This will be | found expensive unless purchased secondhand. Unless the beekeeper has an extractor he will find that I when he takes the honey, that instead J of the bees filling up the cells again, they will have to build fresh comb. A sharp loojcout should be kept" for ants and moths. Ants can be seen from the outside of the hive and can ' be checked by placing the supports j ' of the hives in water, but moths can only be detected by watching the in- j side of the hives. It is necessary to j keep plenty of water near the hives, Failing this, the bees will go to stock J water, and if there are many bees ; the stock will have to wait until j nightfall before they can drink. *' * » t I Giving Evidence before the Group j 0 Ht]ement Royal Commission Mr. E. j .'s M: '. the managing trustee of ' the' AgriwSitural Bank gave the fol- i lowing history of the group settle- i ment scheme which in view of the i attention which is being directed to j this matter may be of general interest. He said that at the inception of the scheme in 1921 the control was under the. dtaptiop of the Jate Mr. Hugh Brockman, but only seven groups were established up to the end of that year. They then started to go in fast, and the general control was taken over by the late Mr. G. M. Richardson as controller under the direction of the Group Settle ment Advisory committee, Messrs. McLarty (chairman), Richardson, Courtenay and McCay. In 1924 Messrs. Sutton and Hampshire were added to the committee. In 1927 the Advisory Committee ceased to function, and the Group Settlement Board was appointed consisting of Messrs. Hewby (chairman) Rose, and Mazzoletti. In 1930 at the expiration of this Board's three years' appointment, the control passed to the trustees of the Agricultural Bank. Local control was through District offices at the Peel Estate, Busselton, Manjimup, Northcliffe, and Denmark, manned by field supervisors, small clerical staffs, and, in the field, group foremen and senior foremen. At the transfer of settlers to the Agricultural Bank, the officers were taken over by it, and the Peel Estate and Northcliffe offices closed, the work being transferred to Perth and Manjimup respectively. At pre- sent Busselton is a full district office of the Agricultural Bank, controlling both groups and ordinary Agricultural Bank settlers. The Peel Estate administered from the Head Office. Manjimup controls group settlers under head office administration, but ordinary Bank settlers under the Bunbury office. The establishment of a full office at Manjimup is under consideration. Land considered suitable was surveyed by the Lands Department and submitted to the Group Settlement Department for inspection, carried out by the late Mr. H. S. Brockman, except on the Peel Estate. There it was done by the late Mr. G. M. Richardson. A considerable proportion of the blocks submitted was rejected as unsuitable. In 1927 it became apparent that many holdings would not be Ijving propositions, as the poorer soils did not respond, as had been hoped, and a general reclassification of holdings was carried out under the direction and check of the Group Settlement Board. The principle followed was to reject hopeless blocks, to strengthen others where necessary by the addition of land or the amalgamation of the whole or portions of two or more holdings. The result was a reduction of the holdings from 2,442, by abandonment 438, by linking 407, and to place dispossessed settlers it was necessary to open up 145 additional new holdings, and present existing holdings (about 1,700) were all accepted by the Group Settlement Board as standard, i.e., capable with sufficient development and efficient working of carrying a minimum of 20 cows with progeny, and horses, equal to about 30 head. The original aim was to includc summer land in every holdings, but this did not prove possible in all districts and its absence or shortage is a distinct factor in the present position of holdings affected, necessitating special methods of working, and skilled farming. Local selection after interview was primarily by the late Mr. J. Robinson and subsequently by (a) Mr. A. McAden (b) Mr. W. Wardle, officers of the Group. Settlement Department. Migrants were selected in England by the Federal Government, being passed by W.A. representatives in Australia House after medical examination by the Commonwealth staff. On arrival in W.A. they were examined by group officers, but this was largely formal. Some cases have been found of physical unfitness, but unfortunately many more have proved temperamentally unsuited to farming, and do not appear to have any prospects of becoming success • ful farmers. Australia House adacres, and top dressing to settlers vised that few agricultural recruits were obtainable, and that they had to draw largely from cities. At the outset up to 25 acres were completely cleared with the use of tractors, and all land ploughed, but this -proved far too expensive, and the extent of clearing has been progressively reduced. The present policy is to ring and leave large trees, taking out sufficient to enable cultivation on 30 acres, and sufficient for grazing on 20 acres, while sowing on the burn is practised on suitable land. Seed mixtures were sown in the early years, but it was found that in a year or two the clovers took possession and the blade grasses practically vanished. For a time subclover on the burn and fallow, subclover and rye were alone sown. For the last three years sowing has included subclover an4 rye and a special moist land mixture, which embraces this year cow-grass, rye-grass, paspalum, lotus major, and drooping flowered clover (total 151bs. per acre is propo'sed. Super at 2 cwt. per acre has been used with sowing, or 11 cwt. on the burn. Top dressing was applied once a year (1 cwt.) until 1929 when 1 cwt. was applied in autumn and 1 cwt. in the spring, the latter being reduced in subsequent years to 1 cwt. The Bank advanced seed and manure up to 50 with less than 10 cows. Practically all settlers, irrespective of number of cows, received super advances in autumn 1930, but not since, and unfortunately it is reported that over 250 settlers who were required to find their own manure did no top dressing last year, or a small proportion only, of pasture area Summer and fodder cropping were financed up to the 10 cow^ stage, Generally summer cropping was unpopular, even where ample summer land was available only small areas being sown and not properly cultivated, giving poor yields, although there are numerous exceptions, Fodder cropping has been more generally practised, but still required extension. Conservation of hay and cmilage has improved to a very large extent, but where summer cropping -WfBSufficient these have be^n fed too early in many cases, resulting in a shortage of feed in May and June, with serious effect on herds, Practically all the settlers were financed with peas and root crops in 1930, but their continuance without] assistance is not general. The bulk of the slock -was puitiiased tji'ough the Group Settlement Department and still is so acquired. Purchase was under the direction of Mr. Hampshire, followed by Mr. R. II. Rose, of the Group Settlement Board, buyers including Messrs. J. H. M. Law, D. Keane, P. Williams, G. K. Baron Hay and local supervisors, or approved inspectors in each district. Since the Group Settlement Board was dissolved Mr. R. H. Rose has bought on a commission. Bulls have been bought under the control of the Superintendent of Dairying for the time being, who approved every case as standard, i.e., pedigreed and from tested dams. Maximum prices payable were, Bulls £31/10/-, cows, second or third calf £18 (now £16), Heifers (first calf £12). Bulls had to be imported to a large extent, which brought landed cost to about £42, but until last year's purchases they were issued to settlers at £25, increased in 1930 to £30, while last year's purchases were issued at actual cost (local) and £35 flat rate, imported. The average cost of cows is estimated at £14, issue price to settler being purchase price plus 10 per cent, to cover cost of buying, handling, insurance to delivery, plus freight (12/-). Settlers have been permitted to select their own cows, but it has not proved generally practicable as they could not travel. When settlers selected and provided transport to holdings purchase price was loaded with 5/- inspection and branding fee only, after passing by Departmental officers. The supply of stock by the Group Settlement Department or bank is limited to a maximum of 15 cows reaching profit, including progeny. Culling, as necessary, is constantly proceeding, and to date about 1,700 cows and 700 heifers have been culled as unsuitable for dairying, sterile, or deteriorated, the last being frequently ascribed by field officers to lack of care, and inefficient manage' ment. Losses on sale are borne by the Government if cows prove unsuitable within a reasonable time- of supply, but otherwise remain stock account. Sale proceeds are applied according to the circumstances of each case to the reduction of principal on stock account, replacement or interest. Surplus stock is transferred between settlers as far possible in order to retain the grade progeny of pedigreed bulls. The Group Settlement Department made development advances and supplied stock and - plant. When taken over by the Agricultural Bank the holdings were assessed under the Group Settlement Act by a specially appointed board consisting of Mr. Grogan (chairman), Mr. Johnston and Mr. McCormack, and a special mortgage under the Act was taken for the amount of assessment plus stock and plant book debt. The assessed debt carried 4 per cent, the first year, rising one per cent, yearly to 6 per cent., starting from date of assessment. Interest only is payable for the first ten years, then principal and interest over 20 years. Stock and plant carried 7 per cent, from date of supply, reduced to 6 per cent, from 1st January, 1931. 1710 holdings were assessed, the expenditure of £4,848,218 for development advances only being written down to £1,683,460, while a large proportion of expenditure on abandoned holdings will be an additional loss. This approximated £1,000,000 and the recovery can only be determined if and when the blocks are disposed of under the Land Act. The Immigration Agreement provided for the raising of loan money by the Commonwealth Government, the State Government for each £1,000, so raised, to provide one new farm, bring out one family averaging four souls, and allocate at least half the farms to assisted migrants. ThiB applied to 2,031 farms, and a subsequent amending agreement increased the figure to £1,500 in respect of 72 additional farms. The State Government gets money to this amount with interest rebate, interest payments being 1 per cent, for the first five years, one third rate payable by the Commonwealth for the next five years, and thereafter full rate. The Chief Accountant estimates the maximum total rebate over the ten years at approximately £900,000. This rebate is not passed on to the settler, but is considered an offset against losses. Interest at full rate was raised on the expenditure accounts of the Group Settlement Department, but vanished on the 60 per cent, written down. Originally it was intended that holdings should not be assessed and transferred to the Bank until they reached the 10 cow stage, when development advances cease, but the present Government arranged for the transfer of all holdings the Bank to continue advances for the necessary development. About 400 settlers are still in receipt of labour advances, averaging about £4/10/- per month, the actual amount being determined by family and number of cows carried. In the course of an informative pamphlet on dairying Mr. R. Baker the Superintendent of Dairying at Roseworthy College, South Australia remarks that the digestive system of the cow that has recently calved is not in a condition to utilise largequantities -cf food. She should he fed gradually, giving easily diges:?d roughage for tV: first few day",, pud any gra T .n shoiro be fed in the form of a "Hash. N;> definite rub car tie laid duivn for gitl.'ng a cow on to a j full ration; ihw. feeder must t ^r- [ cisc jud-rnT."•. The grain shonM be given ^ir.djall . starting with < lb.' or 2 .'j. a dai', and increasing l V amount l..y jiov uorc than 1 ib. ;i t'ny until ti.'s [o':it is reached nh?n 2dditional uVi wi-: not bring aboil, "an | increase in the " milk flow. »ll cows j should be fed according to the) quantity of milk they produce. The feeding of the individual may cause i a slight increase in labor, but it is I compensated for by the increased production of the 'herd without any increase in the total amount of food that would be used if the herd was fed without regard to the production of the individual cows. A simple method of feeding that might be carried out is. first, supply the cows with all the bulk that they will clean up at all times: second, give 1 lb. of grain daily for every .pound of J butter fat produced in a week, or, alternatively, for every 3 lb. or 4 lb. of milk a day. The amount of grain may also be affected by the character of the roughage. When lucern or lucern hay is used, the amount ot grain can be reduced. On the other hand, it might be necessary to in crease it when cereal chaff or cer tain green fodders are used. A grain mixture in the proportion of 100 lb. of bran, 100 lb. of crushed oats, and 25 lb. of linseed fed in the above manner wBl provide a ration that will maintain a high milk flow. During the course of Mr. Sutton's evidence before the Commission now sitting on the group settlement problem he made especial reference to the prospects of establishing a successful pig- raising industry this State. He said the prospects of this industry depended upon the export trade. The people of this State could readily produce more than they could consume. The outlook for export seemed quite favourable. What had been exported, even though of good quality had not been quite the type the British consumer wanted but still had been quite payable. A very important advance had been made in connetcion with this particular trade. They found that frozen pork could be cured when it reached the old country. Bacon could also be cured there in such a way that suited the especial markets. Some bacon required special treatment in order to realise the best price. This development had made many things possible. In future there was no doubt they would be exporting frozen sides suitable for bacon, and these would be cured in the Old country. ITie Chairman of the Commission at this stage asked if any especial advice had been given by the 1 Department as to breeding and the mating and birth of pigs during the flush season? To this the Director of Agriculture replied that two factors were involved. First of all there was the question of breeding. A few years ago the Empire Marketing Board, or a similar responsible body, appointed a committee to enquire into the type of pig most suitable for ^ the British consumer. It was" found" that "the British producer was not meeting 1 the requirements of the market as well " as — some of the J ' continental — — - - nations. The general outcome of the report was that many of the pigs in the British Isles produced bacon that was too fat for the best market. It was suggested that the fatter breeds should be mated with the leaner breeds in order to correct the difficulty. The report suggested that the breed which was used in Denmark with so much success might prove to be the breed from which suitable types could be selected, that was the large White or Yorkshire pig. Not all types of that breed were suitable. The particular type suggested was long, had thin shoulders and fine bones. This was the type chosen to correct the fat and short pigs of other breeds. A second breed was mentioned as suitable, namely, the Tamworth, which very similar in conformation to the other, though it is red rather than white. They had this information in this State. It was felt as the result of one of his periodic visits with the Superintendent of Dairying, that they should make use of it. They had been through the group settlements and dairying belt, and had seen a multiplicity of types. The Superintendent suggested it was about time they should outline the general policy in order that the position might be improved. With that object in view a conference was called between the bacon manufacturers, the breeders of the Royal Agricultural Society and the officials of the Department. He thought everyone attended that Conference with a perfectly open mind and as a result It was unanimously decided that the settlers should use the cross-bred pig for bacon production. What was suggested was the mating of the Tamworth with the Berkshire or Berkshire type. At first sight this conclusion might appear contrary to the British decision but actually it was absolutely in line with The same principle applied. The Berkshire is rather too fat and short to produce the ideal bacon required for the British market. To correct these deficiencies it was necessary to mate a long, leaner type of pig. They had to consider which types to use. They had the advice of those who used the large white. That was very carefully considered. The idea os using it was entirely upset by the experience of breeders like Mr. Wilding and Mr. Burgess who had previously tried the Large White and found it unsuitable for their requirements. One of the difficulties was that it scalded badly. They unhesitatingly condemned it for West Australian conditions. Those present at the Conference applied the British principles to 'their own conditions. and recommended the adoption of the red or Tamworth pig, instead bi the Large White pig which was unsuitable for their conditions. They were following out exactly the same policy as was recommended by the British committee. They had been accused of departing from that policy, but he thought it would be seen that they had not done so. On the authority of the Stock Agent at __ _ . „ Midland Junction he said unhesitat-, ingly that there had been a decided improvement with regard to the type and uniformity of the pigs which had been put upon the market there. The bacon manufacturers |who have used this type said that it was very much to be desired, information they got from "the I people who we're" not 'definVtelv interes ted in some other breed '• was > that the policy was a sound one. They were however not satisfied with that. The Superintendent was now arranging a series of tests. He had some Tamworth—Berkshire cross-breds at the Denmark farm. These were almost readv for the market. They had to be sent to Perth, Drocessed, and then shipped to the Agent-General to be reported upon by competent authorities. He] proposed to send away the Berk-1 shire-Tamworth cross', the Berkshire-Taimvorth comeback, and the ®wmvorth-Berkshire comeback,* to get reports upon these, so that the producers in this State would ; < know what was best for the British market. Until that time had arrived they were proceeding to use the Tamworth and the Berkshire, and if : the animals produced are on the lean) side, they would use the Berkshire ' on them again. The whole thing depended on. the type of sow. If it was too fat it would have to be | mated with a type that was leaner. > They were concentrating their en'.;--1 gies upon two breeds that were known to be very good, and the resuits should be ol particular ad van-, tage to settlers who at the present j time had no definite ideas and had | had very little training in pig husbandry. On the subject of skim { milk on one occasion they learned . that settlers were not Using the milk'f 1 advantage, and the Superinten- ' dent of Dairying spoke to him on - the matter. By way of rendering " assistance he wrote a pertinent paragraph, which was published in the Journal calling attention to the matter. The consequence was that there was not nearly as much waste to-day as there was. ^ j * * couth Australia is passing through the dryest summer experienced for upwards of seventy years and in consequence all pasture is suffering, This is particularly the case with the perennial plants which are struggling for existence whilst ex- S l " a A " T^w®, , annu i B f, n X r ^ L ^ iJ w " ,-^ 0 ^ usually developed in late spring and early summer Therefore, as a rule, tivefv ifgVwhilstTf rece^rXth^ gree£ S r ^ r The character th(T sSson was such that the best pastures resulted when seeding took place in late autumn before the land became wet' and cold, and in the series of pasture; expenments the most satisfactory trials were those conducted at Edenj Valley. In these series the mixture, of Wimmera rye grass and subterranean clover was cut for hay, yielding rather more than 21 tons per acre. The plot carrying perennial rye grass, white clover and red, clover has been grazed, and the clo-! , vers appear likely to be appreciably thinned out by the abnormal sum-1 m ® r . conditions. The rye grass re-j suiting from certified New Zealand ; seed appears much more drought-, resistant than has beyi the case with plants obtained from ordinary com-l mercial seed purchased of recent. years. The phalaris tuberosa sown 1 in the third plot is withstanding the | conditions fairly well and providing, a little green picking. It is now just about a year ^ince the first farms Were selected by the New South Wales committee of the Australian Dairy Council as units for demonstrating the beneficial results of grassland farming, in furtherance of the Council's objective for economically increasing production. Under ----- the scheme, - - it was - ar- - ranged that the various farmers selected to carry out the work should; subdivide portion of their farms into six or eight paddocks, the size of the I paddocks being determined by the ] number of cattle carried and in the ratio Of 10 to 12 cows to the acre, i e g. if the herd consisted of 40 cows | the paddocks would average 4 acres each, and so on. The farmers supplied the posts and labor for the erection of fences and the necessary fertilisers for the first year of the trials were supplied free through the courtesy of the various fertiliser 1 firms. Eleven farms were selected by the committee in the various coastal districts and Glen Innes, and ' with the exception of one farm, i which was not intelligently manag-. ed, wonderful results have been shown, with very marked improvement in production . The farms are located at Wfauchope, Wmghanf,! Cundle, Coramba, Kempsey, Nam-, bucca, Raliegh, Glen Innes, Casino, | Nabiac and Dorrigo. In each of these' districts the keenest interest is tak-' en by producers generally, and the | work of grasslands management on • modern lines freely discussed. The! New South Wales committee of the ! Council arranged that each farm I should be as near as possible to a j main road, so as to give full prom-' inence to the work and make it. available for inspection by all inter-1 ested. It seems almost incredible when it is considered how late the j fertiliser applications were made, and it being the first year of the | trials, that production results on j these farms have been so satisfactory, • So convincing have been the results for 1931 that the New South Wales , committee of the A.D.C. now desires, to further this all- important work, and with a view to participation by as many districts as possible, it has been decided, with the full co-operation of the Plant Food Advisory Committee (which comprises representatives of fertiliser companies, Mr. J. N. Whittet, Agrostologist, Dept. of Agric., and Mr. G. Stening, representing NS.W. n committee i_uuLi.wi.rec of „i A.D.C.y,'"to , ' e select' , "an ... Additional , t . - , ten . or twelve farms for trials this year, The following factories have been communicated with and requested to nominate at least three farms in their respective districts from which a selection by an expert of the Plant Food Advisory Committee will be made?:—Bowfaville,, Moss Vale, Coraki, Grafton, Ulmarra, Gloucester, Kempsey, Moruya, Comboyne,' Cobargo, Lower Manning River, Tamworth and Singleton. Immedi-, ately a selection has been made, no time will be lost in preparing the farms for early treatment. The fanns will be^lightl 'diff add t it l° nal 'those of last year. * In addition To " the important work of rotational grazi^, etc!, the New South Wales committee of the Council is making arrangements to import certified grass seed from New Zealand, consisting of perennial rye grass, Akaroa edeksfoot. perennial white clover and perennial red clover for the purpose of demonstrating their growth and pasture capabilities, as well as determining the most suitable perennial winter grasses for use on paspalum white clover pasi tul es. It is proposed to sow four one-acre blocks with a mixture of '• the strains mentioned and phalaris tuberosum, three blocks to be pre- Tared, and the other renovated pas- ; pulum. Tile committee has also given attention lately to the question cf conservation of surplus grass growth in the form of hay or silage, '" many districts demonstrations have been given and a large quantity of excellent fodder stacked on the farms for future requirements. The ultimate utility of these stacks will interesting, not only from the o point of view of quality of the product but also for providing fodder 'n the event of. a dry spell, these stacks being a reserve which has not usually been provided hy the farmer. * • w * The recent Field Dav at Harvev w was a great success although we have been asked to urge that on t uture occasions of this kind the event should receive greater publicity. It has been represented to us that although there were about 100 o present, the educative value of the G facts laid before the farmers, who were aware of the occasion, and attended, was worthy of a larger audience. The Field Day was organised t bv the Harvey Agricultural Society . assisted by Mr. C. Giles of the Ag-' ricultural Department. It was an- j ticipated that a large number of' farmers from the Waroona district 1 and possibly Coolup and Brunswick, j which in the near future would be! irrigated would attend in order to : ascertain first hand the possibilities a " d economic value of irrigation. The anticipations in this respect; were somewhat realised as far as| Brunswick was concerned as there r 8 re P res 1f n f tation f farmers | fr0m J ha l .^ret w a V X - ther^ort^ were few °' S fr ° m fU '" I On Mr J London's property which was visited first a demonstration ' was given as to the correct method of irrigating land and this property ^ also demonstrated the value of controlled grazing. In 1931 an area of, 13 acres which was not subdivided! pieviously was split into four pad-1 docks, properly surveyed', the contour drains and head channels being laid out by Mr. C. K. Gibsone of the I Irrigation branch. In previous years j Mr. London had found it necessary j to spend an average of £8 per month : on concentrates in order to maintain j his herd of 14 cows in milk. During Iast year this monthly charge had been reduced to 10/- per month and in addition 8 tons of hay had been i cut from the area in question. The' figures regarding the increase of! butter-fat from the altered policy I which Mr. London has adopted are also interesting. In 1930 the total i butter-fat produced was 2,6321 pounds being an a\erage of 188 lbs. j per cow. The following year due to! irrigation providing succulent feed, ' and rational grazing the same cows I produced 2,977 lbs. of butterfat, or' an average of 212 lbs. of butter-fat per cow The increased cost of fertilisers to obtain this enhanced return was £8, for the year Fertilis- V 9 3 0 - co fi ]2 a^i f0r 19 , 3 £ 1 o ?°" C A ? against this additional cost f « for fe^ isers a ^vmg effected of £90 m concentrates. * * * * During the week a representative; of this paper had an interesting andi informative chat with a well-known I entomologist who is visiting this State He remarked that one of the most baffling problems that were confronting entomologists through- i out Australia to-day was the vld-1 mite. Many farmers in the South West thought that they were confronting a problem peculiarly their | own in regard to this pest but this was not so. The red-mite and | lucerne flea were so widely spread! and so scattered in their operations j that they had become a truly national menace. Tasmania, Victoria and I South Australia were each and all i trying to grapple with both the luc-j erne flea and the red mite. Lucerne . flea was found in all the States,' except New South Wales, and all the States but Queensland had the redmite. Incidentally when the visitor remarked that New South Wales had not got the lucerne flea, he smiled significantly, and said that the Mother State conveniently claimed to be exempt from this pest, and it was a very good thing for the potato growers, in that State, as it had enabled them to place an embargo on the potatoes from the other States. The red-mite, if that were possible, j was increasing its hold, and did not! confine its attention to clovers as j some people fondly imagined, but! tackled practically everything that i was eatable in the vegetable kingdom. Fortunately the broad grasses so far had proved themselves immune. But the mites had shown they had voracious appetities for vegetables and practically took on everything that came their way in that connection. The mites caused very serious trouble where oats were concerned and indeed most of the oat crops would have been in jeopardy but for the fact that they were mostly sown on land under, fallow. This gave a the oats - a clean ; start,' .. —t- othen!ris!7t~was" i impossible „ t'o ]' say what might happen. The difficulties which scientists had had to face were stressed by the visiting entomologist. People say that they have been engaged on the ' work for say a couple of years, but they overlooked the fact that the red-mite was only active for five months in the year and that from October to May all that the scient- ists could do was to search for eggs, and carefully study their notes, so as to lay out a plan ol' campaign for the coming year, » * Mr. R. Baker, the Superintendent Roscworth "J PifTT i Collepr ' • • Australia, says that cows habit and sickly sctUo t0 a n ( / ™utme, ®?P ecla »y ,e8a i , <i to , They mil milk "!, ually ,f le £rbefore during, or altcr n»'* ,n K- Where all cows ara accommodated >" the byres at mi k- lnE t!m e a (foo ' d opportunity for seeing tllat cacl 1 animal gets its allotted quantity of food is provided. By this means also the weaker cows aie permitted to feed without being molested by the stronger ones. The eoncer.trated portion of the ration <an lie given half in the morning and half in theevening, mixed with paii of the bull; fodder, the" remainder of the bulk being fed during intervals between milkings. When cows main in the bails only while being milked they may be "fed before 'ir after milking, care being taken to see that each cow receives its right quantity of food It is advisable to erect feeding bails instead of aliowing them to feed out of common troughs, so as to prevent the weaker nps from being crowded away an-1 ill-treated Further under this xv« ^"Zntto o n ^ tne quantlty 01 nl,IK shc ,s 4 "' oducuu - Some very informative evidence as eiven by M r ' " K " B a ron-Hay, at the Commission in connection witn ' le ® rou P Settlement Scheme. He stated that he had been at the head of the Department for two years, but handled the purchase of bulls n 'y since the disbandment of the roup Settlement Board, midway through 1930. The female stock wis c'till being purchased by the Group Settlement Department. Some of he bulls had been purchased locally, Before they went East last August, every bull that was known of in this State as being under offer, and being eligible for purchase bv the Government, was purchased. Jerseys and Guernseys were the two breeds that they were particularly short of. In comparison as to price the animals secured here realised a rather higher price than in the Eastern States, ex- ^ive of freight, but after freight, „nd costs for testine- Duruoses etc ^v e adLd o, the landed cost n ai^Sute was £40 to £42 Very few ^ local bulls were purchased for ""re than 30 guineas As far as qual,ty waB c0 n . ce f ed ' t h Z f n, , ma a wcre on a " eqU , al p ane /, \' )U i ls .*"? ^ I S ulls a l . r ! ad ? r e g l s t^' £ b ! for "^'fratmn. Where the dams ^ere J untested, or did not pass the standard either in the Eastern States here, they refrained as far as po.<siblc from buying them. In ihe filst ear the y results, as regards cattle purchased from fche Eastern States were disappointing. He had seen stock purchased in the Eastern States, and then met them at Fremantle, after having travelled under conditions, as compared with Eastern States heifers, which had to be crowded for freight, and one would not recognise the stock. They landed in a very seedy and low condition, and as a general rule, took some time i.o recover, especially was this so with ; young stock. The breed makes a big difference! Jerseys do not travel as well, or recover as quickiv as the larger framed cattle, such as Shorthorns. The time of the year a)so ma(je a difference, and as a generai ru[e cattle recovered more quickly in the fiush pcriod of the ycar. Then strikes made matters more difficult at timeSi In one jnstance these de] d the s^,. sjx weeks and a month in the other, throwing them n to the end of the season. In the fi t, j rled cattle could not be compars;d to those locally purchased) bu( in the case of healthy cattle, and he was careful to eliminate those who were ill, or who for some reason 01. another, did not come u to standard, the average impoix- ,^ cow on her second ca)f would compare fav0urablv with a simildr fhi S(„t„ Th. vi-lrf nf th„ ^^IL ^ ^ Vi^n^ ^ t snlK. M^^^ZwJn. TImhl ^ ^ on^ New South Walei^1401bs. and ours f" I n>.P ort ed cows were specially selected in the East and we r f, not cu " s f . T . herd ®: and onc ' would expect them to be rather super- ,or t o our stock. Some of the be t ™ e Gr ° u _P Settlements iod on a we J' ? 1 " 1 P orted as heifers, In reply to a question, Mr. Baron- H a y sald ]t was difficult to say that some oi the cattle in the Group Settlemcnts were suffering from not bei n g cared for properly. Many set- I tiers in the South West looked after their stock well, but quite a number did not care for their animals as th»y ! should. As a matter of fact, the poor system on which some of the Group settlers worked their cows was responsible for some of their financial troubles. It could not be said that the settlers were disappointed, because during the first year the returns from Eastern States had Tint been as large as might have been expected, as they did^not all get Eastei n States stock. Undoubtedly the man had issued to him a cow that j,ad i,ad a rough trip would be disapp0inted with the returns But no settIer could say that he had only recejved Eastern States stock. In facl some of them had not received an Ed^t >-n States beast An folt was'made to keep the shipments \- .q2„ d .„„„ • /erio,^ ..J i lhcv Thii e /n,firt„ th ,® •J'S C ™Z ™ ^ ! difference. Any man who receivel a ? ow „ tha t had been a fortnight on a b . oat and was perhaps a months or S!K -v e e ks ,n agistment, would hiive c a " s e for complaint. _ There were certain number nf of culls with every purchase, and in fact in the eav.'y days there were a large percentage particularly from the Eastern States condemned and sold, In reply to a question as to whether ory system of feeding and milking had been laid down for the group settlers, Mr. Baron-Hay said the field officers of the Department had beon (Continued on Page 4.) FARMING NOTES 1 1 (Continued from page 1.) twice assembled, with a view to lay ing down a uniform system of advic I • to farmers. A programme was 1 drawn up lor each district, Evei v ' group settlement farm was visited' twice a year by these officers, who, I had set out the uniform plan. Hej was of the opinion that a number of the settlers had followed the ad-| vice which had been given them in ! this way, but at the same time, sonw1 iiad not followed it, and that >vaJ where the personal equation came in.' As a matter of fact, it was absolute) necessary for the dairy farmer t have a system of milking and feeding. At this stage Mr. Forrest united if Mr. Baron-Hay advocated the use of concentrates, even in a good reason. Mr. Baron-Hay repied that it the group plan was carried out in its entirety there would be no ne;d to buy concentrates at all. He was aware that some of the best dairy farmers in Australia used concentrates, and in fact they themselves u«<"d them on the Government farms. j Production of butler in New South Vales, thanks to rnccnt good rains, is either stationary or in some distiicts slightly advancing. The main thing to be grateful for, writes a New South Wales authority, is that the decline which has been steadily growing until those rains fell, has been arrested. In the far North Coast rain is again badly needed, and though the intake has not fallen below last week's figures, unless regular showers are experienced, the lee-way will begin to show again.; Provided the seasonal rains fall next month a reasonable autumn season should be experienced. In the far South Coast there has been slight increase in the volume of production, but the growth is very small and is not likely to be maintained for long. Local buying has shown more brightness this week in Sydney, writes a correspondent under date February 2(5, and the market position seems fairly sound. Last Saturday's increase in price which is the second within eight days, has *iot caused any falling „ off in inquiry - I and a steady demand is a feature of | (ho local butter market. The demand from Western Australia, which I State increased its local rate on I Monday t*> 132/4, has improved very j considerably, and there is every likelihood of this demand continuing and growing, as local supplies in that State have receded very much. Inquiries from South Australia have also become more numerous and normal trading with that State should soon be resumed. Following on the sharp advance in the price of all imported butter,! which was a feature of the London 1 market last week, that market at ! the beginning of the current week I has developed an easier tone and ] this has been reflected in a decline i in value. The amount of the drop ' is not much—in the case of salted ] "Kangaroo" about 2/ to 106/-, 107/-, but it may be an indication of a return to lower levels as the result of buyers, temporarily at any \ rate, having filled their require- [ ments. Offers from London buyers i arc in the vicinity of 100/- to 101/- c.i.f. & e., and at this level Sydney 1 parity is about 130/6. j In Melbourne the local section of • the Australian Dairy Produce Inter-1 state committee on Friday again ad-' vanced the Melbourne price, though the previous rise had not met wi.th ! the unanimous approval of the trade. | In view of the improvement in Lon- j don values which took place that | week, both rises were fully justiiiuii and an active retail market has been ! maintained. Tasmania, as in duty 1 bound, followed Victoria's lead and moved up her market to 140/-, but no other changes were recorded— with the exception of Perth—in any other of the capital cities. Sydney. During the week the Commonwealth Graders' examined the following butter prior to export overseas :• _ . Salted 11., .,n„ 1 i„™l Unsalted boxes Sydney . . 12,255 5,381 17,636 Newcastle 1,261 181 1,442 19.078 Butter exported during the week ninoiinU'd to 16,305 boxes, of which 12,843 boxes were shipped to, th United Kingdom and 3,462 boxes to foreign ports. Price 142/6 per cwt. Price a year ago, 175/2. Brisbane During the week ended February 13 the Commonwealth Graders examined, prior to export overseas, 22,955 boxes of salted, and 3,996 boxes of unsalted butter, also 1,610 crates of cheese. Butter exported to the United Kingdom amounted to 34,667 boxes, while shipments to foreign countries were made up of 1,077 boxes of butter and 183 crates of cheese. Price, 149/4 per cwt. Melbourne Price, 140A- per cwt. Tasmanian Price, 140/- per cwt. South Australian Price, 147/- per cwt. London.—The London market was quiet. The strike of waterside workers \vas finished, and it was expected that deliveries would soon be normal. The Continental demand, however, had cased and the tendency of tlvc market was to become weaker. Australian choicest salted was worth 108/- to 110/-, first 107/- to 108.'-, and seconds, 105/- to 106/-. Choicest unsalted was making up to 114/- with first {ranging frtom 108/- to 110/-. and seconds 104/- to 106/ Danish had advanced 14/- to 150.' while New Zealand salted was quoted at 112/-, unsalted 116/- to 11 and Argentine, 104/- to 110/ cwt. The cheese market was steady; New Zealand white spiling at 63/-, G4T- and coloured and 64/-, 65/- a cwt. Price a year ago, 122/-. "THE SIRE IS HALF THE HERD'' The value of the purebred sire for every class of farm livestock is coming to be universally recognised, but nowhere does he come so near being all- important as in the dairy. In one full generation the herd leader can destroy what has been years in c.c veloping in the dairy herd, if he i not the right kind. If of the right type and breeding, he can add to the ordinary paying herd that which will make It yield a nice profit or to a highly profitable herd a higher profit still.' Haphazard methods of breeding will not produce a bull of highest quality. He must have quality ancestry on both sides, and the only ancestry known to be reliable is one yhosc history is registered and re- corded. Blood will tell, and nowhere docs it. speak more emphatically than in the dairy herd. The female descendants of a scrub cow consistently bred back to a purebred bull will in a few generations, become purebred themselves to all intents and pur- P 0Ees ' but each succeeding generat ' on descending from a purebred cow and a scrub ^ , bull ... and bred again . ... to s a ' ub ! stock will continue to decline f" d , the offspring of the first cross it ikely not worth its keep A pureb'ed sire is undoubtedly the most pr> and a t "> e same time economical investment which the dairy farmcr can m a ' te ' 