CABLES FROM OVERSEAS Japan and Manchuria. The Japanese Ambassador In London hu given Oreat Britain an assurance that Japan has no territorial ambitions In Manchuria, Two Million For Charity. More than half of the 14,000,000 estate left by the Chicago millionaire Julius Rosenwald, was bequeathed to charity, The remainder, about 12,000,000, waa divided among his family, British Motor Registrations; A Ministry for Transport return allows that tho gross amount received in pay ment for Jlcensei for road vehicles Issued during the twelve months ended Novem ber 30 last was more than (90,000,000, and exceeded by (300,000 tho amount collected In the corresponding period of 1020-30. Five-year-old Murderen. A shocking tragedy Is reported from tho Greek Island of Ccphalonla, Two children ot flvo years of ago Innocently murdered a boy two years of age. They said they had Been their father killing a lamb and thought they would play a game. They seized tho baby and severed tho carotid artery with a penknife. Fire at Miniature Zoo. A flro on Saturday occurred at Hills' bazaar, Blackpool, Lancashire, which Is a mlnlaturo k-o containing hundreds of birds, monkeys, and other pots, Heed lese of danger, girl shop assistants dashed in again and again and brought out cages until the »moke forced them to stop. Scores of birds and animals then perished In the flames, which were fanned by a sixty-mile gale. Historic Ceremony, A historic ceremony was performed at Sandrlngham on Tuesday, when the King rccolvcd Mr, John W, Dulanty, High Commissioner of tho Irish Free State, and handed him tho Oreat Seal of the Irish Free State, In solid silver, and bear Ing a harp on one side and the head ot the King on the other. Their Majesties afterwards entertained Mr. Dulanty at lunoh, and Mr, Dulanty left for Ireland with tho seal, The Irish Free State Is the first dominion to exercise the right to possess a Great Seal, a right constituted at the last Imperial Conference, Drama of the Arctic, In attempting to arrest Albert John son, a demented trapper hi a barricaded Arctic cabin, after ho had shot and sorl oubly wounded Constable A, W. Klg a week ago, a detachment of eight members of tho famed Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who used tear bombs, was re pulsed thrco times and was forced to await reinforcements and auppllce, John son, with a revolver In each hand, opened fire through loopholes In the walls, The police bombs crashed In tho door and tore a hole In tho roof, Johnson re treated by a tunnel under the cabin, Flying' Bo*t Contract Cancelled. On the ground of economy, the British Air Mlnlatry haa cancelled tho contract for the construction of what was to be tho world's Jargest flying boat. Canadian Province*. The Premier ot Manitoba favors a pro posul to aak the Governments of Sas katchewan and Alberta to Join a move ment to seek one Gowmment for the three provinces. NTta°l™!tont 'Dally Telegraph' Bays that a British firm, despite onUolng : fin ancial terme offered by the O0''™'1- has obtained a large foreign naval ship LumUng contact, including tho build ing of two cruisers of over 7000-tons, Fatal RaJlmiy Accident* TcnTrsSns were killed and thirty in jured in a railway accident at Saint just between Paris and Complegne, on Sunday. Owing to a coupling breaking, the coachea overturned, and tho pas sengora wero trapped In the broken wood and atecl work. Mississippi Floods. As a result of floods many residents of towns along the Southern Mississippi are homeless and without food and clothing. A Red Cross official Bald that people crowding Into various towns could not be fed, and if something was not done they would starve. Chinese Flounce. A panic has been caused In Chinese financial clr'oles by reports that the Nan king Government contemplates a mora torium, Unprecedented chaos would fol low, It is feared, as many Chinese banks are heavy Investors in Government bonds, As a result of tho uncertainty, all transactions In Government bonds have been Busponded on the local ex changes, Ghastly Family Feud, Ten men are dead and five more have been wounded In the mountains of Ken tucky (U.S.A.) In a feud between two families, one of which was defending a girl's honor. The men met In a church yard and exchanged revolver Bhots. six wero slain in tho first encounter, the other four when tho fight was renewed two hours later. Textile Trade Revival.. Lord Bannby (head of the great firm of F, WlUey and Co., Bradford woollen brokers and manufacturers) says that British UxtllcB aro showing a recovery greater than any of tho large exporting Industries, There had been a surprising decrcaae hi unemployment in the West Riding of Yorkshire since the departure from tho gold standard. Saluting the Union Jack, A heated controversy has arisen In British Columbia over a decree by the Government requiring tho compulsory saluting ot tho Union Jack outsldo tho schools ovory Monday morning. Oppon ents of tho dcorco dcclaro the practice is distinctly anti-British and pro-Unlt«d States, and docs not tend to lnoulcato real British patriotism, Trade Agreement with Argentina. For tho purposo of reconciling British and ArgonUno economlo Interests as thoy may be affected by Uio British tariff, tho ArgcnUno Government haa appointed a special advisory oommltteo of prominent financiers and buslneixs men to study the structure of trado between Britain nd tho Argontlno, It Is understood that a special mission will be sent to London to ncgotlato somo form of reciprocal agreement with tho British Government. Storehouse of Treasures, A tomb that has recently been un covered near Oaxaca (Mexico) Is a veri table storehouse of fifteen century Mexi can olvlllsaUon. It Is believed .that tho sepulchre represents tho richest and most Important discovery evor mado In North America, and rivals historically and Intrinsically tho tomb of Tutank hamen. It contained tho bodies of ten Mexlcnn warriors bedecked with gold and precious and scml-preelous stones and owols, Including soveral crowns of pure gold, pearls as large as pigeon eggi, Jade necklaces, golden masks, and vases of gold, alabaster, nnd onyx, War Debt.. It Is expected the Lausanne Confer once will extend the Hoover moratorium for Blx months, and then adjourn for six months, Gu Monks for Children. About 800 Russian children are being trained at Moscow to take part In chemi cal dofence manoeuvres which the Soviet Government Is organising. Tho children will demonstrate with gas masks during poison gas attacks. Korean Bank Robbery, When tho Heljo (Korea) branch of the Bank of Chosen was opened an Monday morning, it was discovered that the safe had been broken during the night and 780,000 yen (about (78,000) in notes had been stolen. The thieves were captured In the foreigner's quarter in Seoul, on Tuesday night, and most ot the money reeovned, German Tariffs. Sweeping tariff changes have been in troduced in aermany to-day through an emergency decree direoted against coun tries whose currencies aro depreciated, particularly Great Britain and Denmark, It Is expected that tho present duty, on Danish butter will be doubled. The duty Mil also be a blow to Australia and New Zealand, as, In addition to narrowing the demand of the German market, tho duty will compel the dominions to face in creased competition on the British mar ket. Rich Discovery of Radium. A Bohemian water diviner, uilng an old ellver watch chain as a pendulum, obtained auoh reactions at Neuhaus, near Llnz (Austria), that ho guaranteed that water would bo available! nine feet down. Borings did not yield water. The diviner was so puzzled that he sent a samplo ot tho earth to the Government Research Institute which roportod that It had tho highest radium content so far found In Europe, and that 11,000-tons of earth would yield a kilogramme of pure radium. Earthquake at Lima, Smugglers' Yacht ArrataL An International syndicate- engaged In smuggling Ohlncso Immigrant* and opium Into America has received a sot back by Chinese Customs ouiccrs, who seized tho yacht Marbella outsldo Macao, alter her return from a successful trip to Mexico, flying tho Panama flag, al though sho had come under observation by American aeroplanes and fearshlps, The Marbella was built at Hongkong last year following the loss of the steamer Hedwlg In Eastern waters while engaged, it Is believed, In similar tramo, Captain Ypma, a Dutch subjeot, com manded both vessels. The Marbclla's crew included several Americans, 