OF INTEREST TO FARMERS j . The wholesale price of butter in! Perth last week was: Bulk iS j (cash), £1/45 (booker); Pats, 1/5 (cash, 1/5| (booked). _ I i During the course of the Field] J Day at Harvey a demonstration was Riven on Mr. London's property with a Martin ditcher. It was stated that bv the use of this implement irriga-! tion channels and drain* ^uld- TieT IXdow?toa depthof 18 inches at! a cost of ire oer chain Two of these implements ^ are owned - by - the * Irrigation Branch of the Agricultural Department and are loaned to farmers on application to Mr. A. R. Clifton, the officer in charge. ' | „ * _ * , * * j Mr. Boy Haywards property included m the farms visited during the recent Harvey field day. ihisi highly successful farm was particularly interesting owing to the expenments which have been and are Being conducted there m connection| with pasture _ management. Mr- Baron Hay, the Superintendent of| Dairying took advantage of the op. portumty to give a short but lnlor- ; mative address. He feaid the ferti- , liser experiments had been designed, with the view of demonstrating • whether the concentrated aijd combined fertilisers now becoming the yog^e in Europe would beaplicable in Western Australia. They mcluaco bl tlon ed mtro-chalk being ? ^ ^ of nitrogen as ammonia and mtrate,, nitrogen with approximately 50 per cent, of free lime in the mixture, io was anticipated that possibly this mixture might give excellent results on acid soils in districts with a heavy rainfall. Monophos, a fertiliser containing 18 per cent, of phosphoric acid and also 18 per cent, of nitrogen as ammonia "was also tried as against sulphate of ammonia. The differences, during the period that these experiments had been in operation were not sufficient to state at present that any improvement could be made on superphosphate in conjunction with sulphate of ammonia as its source of nitrogen. On this farm the area devoted to rotational grazing, said Mr. Baron Hay had grazed well over one cow to the acre during the ten months which had elapsed since its inception. The effect of harrowing with various types of pasture harrows was also demonstrated during the course of the day. Mr. Hayward advised that as a result of harrowing the pasture was sweeter and the recovery after grazing more rapid than frhere Narrows were not used. It was pointed out that harrowing had shown that on certain farms in the irrigation area water was used to excess as was indicated by the experiments, as a result of which one watering during the month of January had been proved to be unnecessary whereas in previous years in which the land had not been rigorously harrowed one watering was found beneficial each month. * * * * During the course of the Group Settlement Commission a. certain amount of consideration was naturally given to the question of stock. Mr. E. A. McLarty while giving evidence on this subject stated that the majority of the animals purchased from the Eastern States were bought when young. He had not found that it took very long for the stock to become acclimatised if they were properly looked after.. As a matter of fact the improvement in the space of two or three months had been remarkable. Some, perhaps, might not be good doers and would not show improvement for a longer period. As regards complaints ftiade by settlers as to the milking capacity of some of the animals being low it should be remembered that in most cases heifers on a first calf did not give much milk. If an animal gave a couple of gallons it was considered that the owner had struck something good. But they improved with age. Some of the heifers, however, had been very disappointing but that was due in sottie cases to bad feeding and neglect on the part of the settlers. No ottw would maintain her milting capacity:if she was not properly fed and looked after. A great deal- of the trouble had been due to neglect and poor feeding. At the same time it was readily admitted that a percentage of the Eastern States heifers were not satisfactory. It was extraordinary the result of bull calves obtained by these stock, and especially was this the case when the settler had stock of his own, and the department had stock under lien, the Departments _ percen- _ tage"o?heifer calves had in* many' cases been extraordinarily low. There had also been a great wastagein the calves. TheS had n o ELTvS, heifer calves that there should have j been Tins had W* je^ no*c,^ in the case of some settlers who I were paying their interested their j dep"Jf^l ^ v ^ t h S surplus stock. Many other settlers ( had notone head of surplus stock , for sale after seven or-eight years. Mr. Brockman remarket that wthe-! Peel and Bateman Estattslhey noticed some very fine shorthorn heifers, j He took it that the Department would not allow these to be sold to | private agents? Mr. McLarty re-1 plied that they were not supposed to; be sold, but it was impossible to, exercise the supervision necessary to K prevent the illicit sale of stock. They' £ ad reason to believe that quite a number of heifer calves had been's sold ag bull ^ly^. As a matter of c fact tfae holdings should be fully: stocked fe^y but there had been a wasta chairman asked if ^ ^ ^ ^ that a certain number of ifl,^ yoUng stock, say Eastern : gtatoa ^ ^ had been soId at very m ^ ^ ^ ^ of by ^ pur chaser and found to improve so much i ^ ghort time that ^ D epar tment t had bought them back? Mr. • l McLart replied that he had heard j of tfa . d<me He had no doubt u that , ot of the CQWS which ^d been A cuUed were ite suitable animals I f under d ^ana ment if they j were sold to men who fed and looked af ter them they wou, d be perfectly w j saitable cows for ^oup settlement. I Up tQ date they had no t^bie i n j t doling with stock of high quality.. Suitable stock could be readily transferred to other settlers who required them. These transfers were arranged by the field officers. James Gibson, chairman of the Boyanup Dairy Co. Ltd., writes:— In a recent issue of your paper, you stated that the Boyanup Dairy Company is owned by the Great Southern Butter Company. I want you to contradict this statement. The Boyanup Dairy Co. is in no way connected with any Company. When we commenced the Boyanup factory I was a director of the Great Southern Butter Co., and had for a great number of years, acted as chairman of that company. As I was unable to give my strict attention to ^ the affairs of both companies, , I resi^ed"by"<Tirectorate"of ^e Great Southern Butter Co., and I have since devoted all my time to the affairs of the Boyanup Dairy Co., which, i am pleased to sav, is also very suecessful. During the past season, our output reached 12 tons per week, and our suppliers were extremely satisfied with the many advantages they received in dealing with this company. (Signed) JAS. GIBSON. Box 73 P.O., Narrogin—2/3/32. Prior to the' formation of a. Pasture Improvement committee, it was contended in Queensland that the only grass that would grow in that State during the winter months was prairie grass. A few farmers had, during recent years, sown various types of rye grass seed and obtained good results, but the localities where this seed was sown were so few and far apart that the results were seldom heard of. One of the first steps taken by the committee, acting in conjunction with the Queensland committee of the Australian Dairy Council, was to obtain a large quantity of perennial rye grass/ wimmera rye grass, cocksfoot, perennial red clover and subterranean clover seed, for use on properties selected for pasture experimental purposes. The seed was distributed in various districts of the State. Reporting to a meeting of the Queensland committee of the A.D.C., Messrs. Harris and Anderson stated that as a result of experiments conducted, they were of the opinion that, so far as Queensland was concerned, subterranean clover \- r. .. „ in practically every case where peren nial red clover had been sown, it had proved a success, and the same could be said of wimmera rye grass and cocksfoot. They felt safe in saying that wherever the weather in Queensland was suitable for prairie grass, perennial red clover, wimmera rye grass and cocksfoot would grow equally well, thus adding three new winter grasses to the list, which more than justified the whole of the expenditure to date. Wimmera rye grass and perennial red clover had done remarkably well. One gratify- ing feature in connection with the [ work was the fact that so many farmers had become keenly inter- • • ested and were applying to the Pasture Improvement Committee for i j advice as to the time for sowing, also as to the right type of seed, fertiliser, etc., to use on their respective farms. From reports furnished by the supervising officer, it appeared that, in every case where the committee had undertaken pasture improvement work, definite results had been obtained. Perhaps the most outstanding district was the Maleny district, J^f" 5 * f ® rmers had undertaken this work Messrs. Anderson further e t , ^ ^ x " gjtar ^ 0081 01 e ^an^v ofcertified seed 5 S d ^ £ ;„i The estimated ** * , . ,, A.correSpondent noticed witlra considerable amount of pleasure that attention has recently been directed in these columns to the advantage of bee keeping. He says that any dairyman in the South West keeping bees will find it an interesting, and profitable sideline. This district, he says, is very suitable for bees, having an almost unlimited number of flowering trees and hrubs. The double hive is best, beause it confines the queens to the bottom hive and allows all the top hive to be filled with cleen honey free from brood. The double hive also helps the extracting, for on the night before extracting zinc is reoved and a board with a bee trap \- n - t u put in -y place ^ foUow. ng day when removing the frames o extract, the bees will be out coiecting honey but cannot Teturn through the trap to the bottom hive ntU the excluding zinc is replaced, n extractor is needed. This will be ound expensive unless purchased secondhand. Unless the beekeeper has an extractor he will find that hen he takes the honey, that instead of the bees filling up the cells again, h e y w i l l h a V e to buiU f,. es h comb. A sharp lookout should be kept'for ants and moths. Ants can be seen j from the outside of the hive and can be checked by placing the supports of the hives in water, but moths can only be detected by watching the in- •Ids of the hives. It is necessaiy to keep plenty of water near the hives. Failing this, the bees will go to stock water, and if there are many bees the stock will have to wait until nightfall before they can drink. Giving evidence before the Group Settlement Royal Commission-Mr. E. A. McLarty the managing trustee of the Agricultural Bank gave the following history of the group settlement scheme which in view of the attention which is being directed to this matter may be of general interest. He said that at the inception of the scheme in 1921 the control was under the direction of the late Mr. Hugh Brockman, but only . seven groups were established . up to the «nd of that year. They then started to go in fast, and the general control was taken over by the late Mr. G- M. Richardson as controller under the direction of the Group Settlement Advisory committee, Messrs. McLarty (chairman), Richardson, Courtenay and McCay. In 1924 Messrs. Sutton and Hampshire were added to the committee. In 1927 the Advisory Committee ceased to function, and the Group Settlement Board was appointed consisting of Messrs. Hewby (chairman) Rose, and Mazzoletti. In 1930 at the expiration of this Board's three years' appointment, the control passed to the trustees of the Agricultural Bank. Local control was through District offices at the Peel Estate, Busselton, Manjimup, Northcliffe, and Denmark, manned by field supervisors, small clerical staffs, and, in the field, group foremen and senior foremen. At the transfer of settlers to the Agricultural Bank, the officers were taken over by it, and the Peel Estate and Northcliffe offices closed, the work being transferred to Perth and Manjimup respectively. At present Busselton is a full district office of the Agricultural, Bank, controlling both groups and ordinary Agricultural Bank settlers. The Peel Estate is administered from the Head Office. Manjimup controls group settlers under head office administration, but ordinary Bank . settlers under the Bunbury office. The establishment of a full office at Manjimup is under consideration. Land liana considered wasiucicu suitable suimuie was sur- outveyed by the L.„d s Department and submitted to the Group Settlement Department for inspection, carried out by the late Mr. H. S. Brockman, except on the Peel Estate. There it was done by the late Mr. G. M. Richardson. A considerable proportion of the blocks submitted was rejected a6 unsuitable. In 1927 it became apparent that many holdings would not be living propositions, as the poorer soils did not respond, as had been hoped, and a general reclassification of holdings was carried out under, the direction and check of the Group S^Element Board: The principle followed was to reject hppel^ss blocks, to strengthen others where necessary by the addition of land-or. the amalgamation of the whole or. portions of two or, more holdings. The result was a reduction of the, holdings from 2,442, by abandonment 438, by linking 407, and to place "dispossessed settlers it was necessary to open up 145 additional new holdings, and present existing holdings (about 1,700) were all accepted by the Group Settlement Board as standard, i.e., capable with sufficient development and efficient working of carrying a minimum of 20 cows with progeny, and horses, equal to about 30 head. The original aim was to include summer land in every holdings, but this did not prove possible in all districts and its absence or shortage is a distinct factor in the present position of holdings affected, necessitating special methods of working, and skilled farming. Local selection after interview was primarily by the late Mr. J. Robinson and subseouently by <a) Mr. A. McAden (b) Mr. W. Wardle, Officers of the Group Settlement De^ partment. Migrants were selected in England "by the Federal Government, being passed by W.A. representatives in Australia House after medical examination by the Commonwealth: staff. On arrival in W.A. they were examined by group officers, but this was largely formal. Some cases have been found of physical unfitness, but unfortunately many more have proved temperamentally unsuited to farming, and do not appear to have any prospects of becoming successful farmers. Australia House advised that few agricultural recruits were obtainable, and that they had to draw largely from cities. At the outset up to 2S acres were completely cleared with the" use of tractors, and all Iknd ploughed, but this proved far too expensive, and the extent of clearing has been pro : gressively reduced. The preseht policy; is to ring and ; leave large trees/ taking out sufficient, to enable cultivation on 30 acres, ahd sufficient for grazing on 20 acres, while teg on 'fche burn is 'practised on al- 3 able land. Seed mixtures were sown in the early years, but it was found that in a year or two the clovers took possession and the blade grasses practically vanished. For a time sabclover on tie burn and fallow, subclover and rye were alone sown. For the last three years sowing has included subclover and rye and a special moist land mixture, which embraces this year cow-grass, rye-grass, paspalum, lotus major, and drooping flowered clover (total 151bs. per acre is proposed. Super at 2 cwt. per acre has been used with sowing, or li cwt. on the burn. Top dressing was applied once a year (1 cwt.) until 1929 when 1 cwt. was applied in autumn and 1 cwt. in the spring, the latter being reduced in subsequent- years to £ cwt. The Bank advanced seed and manure up to 50 acres, and top dressing to settlers with less than 10 COWB. Practically all settlers, irrespective of number of cows, received super advances in autumn 1930, but not since, and unfortunately it is reported that over 250 settlers who were required to find their own manure did no topdressing last year, or a small proportion only, of pasture area Summer and fodder cropping were financed up to the 10 cow stage. Generally summer cropping was unpopular, even where ample summer land was available only small . areas being sown and not properly, cultivated, giving poor yields, although there are numerous exceptions. Fodder cropping has been more generally practised, but still required extension. Conservation pf hay and enalage has improved to a, very largt extent, but where summer cropping is insufficient these have been fed too early in many cases, resulting in a shortage of feed in May and June, with serious effect on herds. Practically all the settlers were financed with peas and root crops in 1930, but their continuance without assistance is not general. The bulk of the stock was purchased through the Group Settlement Department, and rftill Is so acquired. -PurirW»e was under the direction of Mr. Hampshire, followed by Mr. R. H. Rose, of the Group Settlement Board, buyers including Messrs. J. 'H. M. Law, D. Eeane, F. Williams, G. K. Baron Hay and local supervisors,^ or approved inspectors in each district. Since the Group Settlement Board was dissolved Mr. R. H. Rose has bought on a commission. Bulls have been bought under the control of the Superintendent of Dairying for the time being, who approved every case as standard, i.e., pedigreed and from tested dams. Maximum prices payable Were, Bulls £31/10/-, cows, second or third calf £18 (now £16),, Heifers (first calf £12). Bulls had to be imported to a large extent, which brought landed cost to about £42, but until last year's purchases they were issued to settlers at £25, increased in 1930 to £30, while last year's purchases were issued at actual cost (local) and £35 .flat rate, imported. The average cost of cows is estimated at £14, issue price to settled being purchase price plus 10 per cent, to cover cost of buying,, handling, insurance to delivery, pigs freight (12/-)- Settlers have been permitted to select their own cows, but it has not proved generally practicable as they could not travel. When settlers selected and provided transport to holdings purchase price was loaded with 5/- inspection and branding fee only, after passing fay Departmental officers. The supply of stock by the Group Settlement Department or bank is limited to a maximum of 15 cows reaching profit, including progeny. Gulling, as necessary, is constantly proceeding, and to date about 1,700 cows and 700 heifers have been culled as unsuitable for dairying, sterile, or deteriorated, the last being frequently ascribed by field officers to lack of care, and inefficient management. Losses on sale are borne by the Government if cows prove unsuitable within a reasonable time of supply, but otherwise remain on stock account. Sale proceeds are applied according to the circumstances of each case to the reduction of principal on stock account, replacement or interest. Surplus stock is transferred between settlers as far as possible in order to retain the grade progeny of pedigreed bulls. The Group Settlement Department made development advances and supplied stock and plant. When taken over by the Agricultural Bank the holdings were assessed under the ' Group Settlement Act by a specially appointed board consisting of Mr. Grogan (chairman), .Mr. Johnston and Mr. McCormack, and. a special mortgage under the Act was taken for the amount of assessment plus stock and plant book debt. The assessed debt carried 4 per cent, the first year, rising one per cent, yearly to 6 per cent., starting from date of assessment. Interest only is payable for the first ten years/then principal and interest over 20 years. Stock and plant carried 7 per cent, from date of supply, reduced to 6 per cent, from 1st January, 1931. 1710 holdings were assessed, the expenditure of £4,848,218 for development advances only being written down to £1,683,460, while a large proportion of expenditure on abandoned holdings'will be an additional loss.{ This approximated £1,000,000 and the recovery can only be determined! if and when the blocks are disposed! of under the Land Act. j The Immigration Agreement provided for the raising of loan money by the Commonwealth Government, the State Government for each £1,000, so raised, to provide one new farm, bring out one family averag,! ing four souls, and allocate at least half the farms to assisted migrants. This applied to 2,031 farms, and aj subsequent amen&ng; agreement in-' creased the fig-ure io £1,500 in respect of 72 additional farms. The State Government gets money to this amount with interest debate, interest payments being 1 per cent, for the first five years, one "third rate payable by tiie Commonwealth for the next five years, and thereafter full rate. The Chief Accountant estimates the maximum total rebate over the ten years at approximately £900,000. This rebate, is not passed »n to the settler, but^s 4 'congiderea j »n offset agairist losl^ Interest atH full rate was raised on the expenditure accounts of the Group Settlement Department, but vanished -on the 60'per cent, written down. Originally it was intended that holdings should not.be assessed and transferred to the Bank until they reached the 10 cow stage, when development advances cease, but the present Government arranged for r the transfer of all holdings the Bank to continue advances for the necessary development. About 400 settlers are still in receipt of labour advances, averaging about £4/10/- per month, the actual amount being determined by family and * number * of * cows « carried. In the course of an informative pamphlet on dairying Mr. R. Baker the Superintendent of Dairying at Roseworthy College, South Australia remarks that the digestive system of the _ not cow in a that -rendition has recently to utilise calved lar^ej is quantities of food. She should bei fed "grad Tally, giving easily digesc?d j roughage for th«; first few days, sud any ^rn'.n shou'.o be fed in the form of a Tiash. No definite rule can be laid doom for getting a cow on to a full ration; the feeder must exercise judgm-nr. The grain should be given ^raduall.;-. starting with I lb. or 2 a day, and increasing amount fcy not irort than 1 ib. a tfay until ti>e po?Tit is reached wh?n additional fi od will not bring abour an increase, in the milk flow, All cows' should bet fed according to the quantity of milk they produce. The feeding of the individual may cause a slight increase in labor, but it is compensated for by the increased production of the herd without any increase in the total amount of food that would be used if the herd was fed without regard to the production of the individual cows. A simple method of feeding that might be carried out is, first, supply the cows with all the bulk that they will dean up at all times; second, give 1 lb. of grain daily for every pound of butter fat produced in a week, or. alternatively, for everv 3 lb. or 4 Ib. tf m5k a day-. The amount of grain may also be affected by the charact-. er of the Toughage. When lucera or . lucern hay is used, the amount ot i grain can be reduced. On the other! hand, it might be necessary to in-! crease it when cereal chaff or certain green fodders are used. A grain mixture in the proportion of 100 lb. of bran, 100 lb. of crushed oats, and 25 lb. of linseed fed in the above manner will provide a ration that •Vfll maintain a hurh milk flow. ' _ . ~ „, o I During the course of Mr. Suttonsi evidence before the Commission now sitting on the group settlement problem he made especial reference to the prospects of establishing a successful pig-raising industry in this State. He said the prospects of this —„ industry -——„ depended, •— r upon *„ .. . the ex- l port trade. The people of this State could readily produce more than I they could consume. The outioolc for What export had seemed been quite exported, favourable, cven i i t though of good quality had not been quite the, type the British consumer wanted hut still had been quite payable. A very important advance had been made in connetcion with this particular trade. • They found that frozen pork could be cured .when it reached the old country. Bacon could also be cured there in such a way that suited the especial markets. Some bacon required special treatment in order to realise the best price. This development had made many things possible. In future there was no doubt they would be exporting frozen sides suitable for bacon, and these would be cured m the Old country. The Chairman of the Commission at this stage asked if any especial advice had been given by the ' Department as <bo breeding and the mating and birth of pigs during the flush season? . To this the Director of Agriculture replied that two factors were involved. First of all there was the question of breeding. A few years ago the Empire Marketing Board, or a similar responsible body, appointed a committee to enquire into the type of pig most suitable for the British consumer. It was found that the British producer was not meeting the requirements of the market as well as some of the continental nations. The general outcome of the s s report was that many of the pigs in the British Isles produced bacon that was too fat for the best market. It was suggested that the fatter breeds should be mated with the leaner breeds in order to correct the difficulty. The report suggested that c the breed which was used in Denmark with so much success might prove to be the breed from which suitable types could be selected, that was the large Wlhite or Yorkshire pig. Not all types of that breed were suitable. The particular type suggested was long, had thin shoulders and fine bones. This was the type chosen to correct the fat and short pigs of other breeds. A second breed was mentioned as suitable, namely, the Tamworth, which is very similar in conformation to the other, though it is red rather than white. They bad this informa- tion in this State. It was felt as ( the result of one of his periodic'e visits with the Superintendent of Dairying, that they should'make use of it. They had been through the group settlements aria- dairying belt, and had seen a multiplicity''of types. Superintendent suggest^ it was about time they should outline the general policy in order that the position might be improved. With that object in view a conference was ^Ued ***ween the bacon manufact ^ P v h ? breeders °f the Royal Agricultural Society and the officials of the Department. He thought everyone attended that Conference with a perfectly open mind and as a result It was unanimously decided that the settlers should use the cross-bred pig for bacon production. What was suggested was. the mating of the Tamworth with the Berkshire or Berkshire type. At first sight this conclusion might appear contrary to the British decision but actually it was absolutely in line with it. The same principle applied. The i Ber^ire is rather too fkt and short t|p produ^ the ideal bacon required 2 r the Brftish market. To correct. these deficiencies it was necessary to mate a long, leaner type of pig. They had to consider which types to use. They had the advice bf those who used the large white. That was very carefully considered. The idea os using it was entirely upset by the experience of breeders like Mr. Wilding and Mr. Burgess who had previously tried the Large White and found it unsuitable for their requirements. . One of the difficulties was that-it scalded badly. They unhesitatingly condemned it for West Australian conditions. Those present at the Conference applied the British principles to their own conditions, and recommended the adoption of the red or Tamworth pig, instead of the Large White pig which was unsuitable .for their conditions. They were following out exactly the same policy as was recommended by the British committee. They had 1)081 1 accused of departing from that P olic y» but he thought it would be seen that they had not done so. ~ On the authority of the Stock Agent at Midland Junction he said unhesitatingly that there had been a decided improvement with regard to the type and uniformity of the pigs' which had been put upon the market there. The bacon manufacturers who have used this type said that it was very much to be desired. The information they got from. the people who were not definitely interested in some other breed was that the policy was a sound one. They were however not satisfied with that. The Superintendent was now arranging a series of tests. He had some Tamworth—Berkshire cross-breds at the Denmark farm. These were almost ready for the market. They had to be sent to Perth, processed, and then shipped to the Agent-General to be reported upon by competent authorities. He proposed to send away the Berkshire-Tamworth cross, the Berkshire-Tamworth comeback, and the Tamworth-Berkshire comeback, and to get reports upon these, so that the pe producers in this State would kno^ wtoat was best for the British market. Until that ti^e had arrived they were proceeding to ^ use the Tamworth and the Berkshire, and if the animals produced are on the lean side, they would use the Berkshire on them again. The whole thing depended on the type of sow. If it was too fat it would have to be mated with a type that was leaner. They were concentrating their energies upon two. breeds that were known to be very good, and the resuits should be of particular advantage to settlers who at the present time had no defi n ite ideas and had had very little training, in pig husbandry. On the subject of skim milk on one occasion they learned that settlers were not using the milk 1 advantage, and the Superintendent- of Dairying spoke to him on the ine imtuer. matter. ny By way ui of rendering, l e u u assistance he wrote a pertinent i paraffraphj which was published in j ourna i calling attention to tbe'A ^tier. The consequence was that p here was not nearly as much waste\ to-day as there was. South Australia is passing through the dryest summer experienced for upwards of seventy years and in consequence all pasture is suffering. This is particularly the case with the perennial plants wluch arei struggling lor for existence wnust whilst ex-; e x cept in a few instances the annuals did not make the. luxuriant growth usually developed m late spring and early summer Therefore, as a rule grass hay fields have been compara-; tively light, whilst of recent months green picking has been very scanty. S The character of the season w a such that the best pastures result«ij when wnen seeding seeaing took TOOK piace place in late' lave 1 autumn before the land became wet and cold, and in the series of pasture Valley. of wimmera rye grass and subterranean clover was cut for hay, yielding rather more than 2i t o per acre. The plot carrying peren- ^ nial rye grass, white clover and red clover has. been grazed^ and <-he clo- i vers appear hkelyto beapprecmbly thinned out by the abnormal sum- p mer . conditions. The rye grass reulting from certified New Zealand eed appears much more dxoughtresistant than has been the case with w plants obtained from ordinary commercial sefed purchased of recent years. The phalaris tuberosa sown in the third plot is withstanding the j onditions fairly well and providing" a little green picking. ! * * * . ' * 1 It is now just about a year since j the first farms were selected by the New South Wales committee of the! Australian Dairy Council as units for - demonstrating the beneficial re- 1 suits of grassland forming, in fur- j therance of the Council's objective' for economically increasing produc-' tion. Under the scheme, it was arranged that the various farmers sel- ; ected to carry out the work should, subdivide portion of their farms into six or eight paddocks, the size of the, paddocks being determined by the number of cattle carried, and in thei ratio of 10 to 12 cows to the acre,] .g. if the herd consisted of 40 cows,| then the paddocks would average 4 acres each, and so on. The farmers supplied the posts and labor for the erection of fences and the necessary fertilisers for the first year of the trials were supplied free through the courtesy of the various fertiliser firms. Eleven farms were selected by the committee In the various coastal districts and Glen Innes, and with the exception of one farm, which was not! intelligently managed, wonderful results have been shown, with very marked improvement in production - The farms are located at Wbuchope, Wingham, Cundle, Coramba, Kempsey, Nambucca, Raliegh, Glen Innes, Casino, Nabjae and Dorrigo. In each of these districts the keenest interest is taken by producers generally, and the work of grasslands management on modern lines tfreely discussed. The New South Wales committee of the Council axxanged that each farm should be as hear as possible to a main road, so as to give full prominence to the work and make it available for inspection by all interested. It seems almost incrediblc when it is considered how late the fertiliser applications were made, and it being the first year of the trials, that production results on o these farms have been so satisfactory. So convincing have been the results for 1931 that the New South Wales b committee of the A.D.C. now desires to further this all-important work, and with a view to participation by j as many districts as possible, it has been decided, with the full co-oper-1 ation of the Plant Food Advisory a Committee {which comprises repre- j sentatives of fertiliser companies, I Mr. J. N. Whittet, Agrostologist, j p Dept. of Agric., and Mr. G. Stening,; representing NS.W. committee of 1 A.D.C.), to select an additional ten (o or twelve farms for trials this yearJ The following factories have k been U communicated with and requested tojt nominate at least three farms in their respective districts from whichj a selection by an expert of the Plant Food Advisory Committee will be ! made?:—Bowraville,, Moss Vale, e Coraki. Grafton, Ulmarra, Glouces- j £ ^Ln^'ttP^i b e f Jw 'CrtES? ^.wifJSlnw ^ h X l ^ f f f ^ f ^ S j farms will be slightly different from those of last year. In addition the important work of rotational grazing, etc., the New South Wales committee of the Council is making arrangements e n u g ™ to import certified . grass seed from New Zealand, conrye _ grass, sisting of perennial rye karoa cocksfoot, perennial white lover and perennial red clover for the Purpose of demonstrating their growth J " and pasture capabilities, as well as determining the most suitable perennial winter grasses for use on paspalum white clover pastures. It is proposed to sow four j one-acre blockj with a mixture of S the strains mentioned and phalaris , tuberosum, three blocks to be pre- j pared> the other renovated -„„i„_ t ^ The irk. committee AAtMmiffaA kne has nlcn also gi-' ® attention latelv t« the ouestion! tf su^luf fiZ «f hJorJam ,?f™^™ ^ t S d e m o ^ S ) h ^ £ ana a lar„ e nuantitv ! a ^ LcXn? fodder stacked on the! f a rmf for fut^ SquSm^ts s j ^ ^ J ^ be interesting; ^ not only from the _ nlnf _- f v -;„ w n t - mlaiit;v - - „f- the-nro- - ^f bu t a L fo? nro^dine fodder, ev^t of a ! The recent Field Day at Harvey! „ -p-t «incess although - ZiT We! n s ^ ( e v e r y t h e^occStol % This £nd t£e , should receive ereater nublicib^n ^ p S ^ t o us * t although there ^ere about 100 • resent> the educative value of the facts laid before the farmers, who . ere aware of the occasion, and at- i tended, was worthy of a larger audience. The Field Day was organised bv the Harvey Agricultural Society assisted by Mr. C. Giles of the Agricultural Department. It was anticipated that a large number of farmers from the Waroona district and possibly Coolup and Brunswick, which in the near future would be irrigated would attend in order to ascertain first hand the possibilities and economic value of irrigation. The anticipations in this respect were- somewhat realised as far as Brunswick was concerned as there was a fair representation of farmers from that part but regret was expressed that the visitors from fur- ther north were few. On Mr. J. London's property which was visited first a demonstration was given as to the correct method of irrigating land and this property also demonstrated the value of controlled grazing. In 1931 an area of 13 acres which was not subdivided previously was split into four paddocks, properly surveyed, the contour drains and head channels beinglaid out by Mr. C.' K. Gibsone of the Irrigation branch. In previous years Mr. London had found it necessary to spend an.average of £8 per month n concentrates in order to maintain his herd of 14 cows in milk. During last year this monthly charge had een reduced to 10/- per month and fa addition 8 tons of hay had been cut from the area in question. The figures regarding the increase of butter-fat from the altered policy which Mr. London has tuiopted are lso interesting. In 1930 the total butter-fat produced was 2,632 pounds being an a\erage of 188 lbs. er cow. The following year due to irrigation providing succulent feed, and*-ratiowiL-grazing the same cows roduced 2,977 lbs. of butterfat, or an average of 212 lbs. of butter-fat je E The increased cost of ferilisers to obtain this enhanced return was £8, for the year. Fertilisers in 1930 cost £12 and for 1931 £20. As against this additional cost 0f £8 for fertilisers a saving was ffected of £90 in concentrates. * * * * entomologist who is visiting thiB State. He remarked that one of the wt baffling problems that were conf rontingentomologists throught to-day was the redtoj-^ Many farmer| in the South West thought that they were confronting a problem peculiarly their own in regard to this pest but this was not so. Hie red-mite and lucerne flea were so widely : spread and so scattered in their operations that they had become a truly national menace. Tasmania, * Victoria and South Australia were each and al\, trying to grapple with both the lucerne flea and the red mite. Lucerne flea was. found in all the States, St"?*'" uZT AT^T-il' tates but Queensland hadI the red- not UUb got KVV the wic lucerne x«J flea, J® fnUed significantly, OlIfBiliWWlvlj 1 and OU\l >K*IU Mother State conveniently claimed to exempt from this pest and it was very good thing for the potato * * ^ ^ ** it K had en " bled them to place an -embargo on the Potatoes from the other States, The red-mite, if that were possible, % ^ J ^ ^ confine its attention to clovers as some people fondly imagined, jmagmeu, but uui. tackled practically everything that was eatable in the vegetable king- theyhad voracious appetities for vegetables and _ practically took on i n g that came their way in that connection.. The mites tawI very serious trouble where oats were concerned and indeed most the ^ L ^ l ^ ^ r f h ^ f T v , ' " jeopardy but for the fact tiiat they wera sown on land under {Continued on Page 6) FARMING NOTES (Continued from page 1.) i TO- ,, , , j fallow. This gave the oats a clean t o ! The difficulties which scientists had had to face were stressed by the visiting entomologist. People say that they have been engaged on the work for say a couple of years, but they overlooked the fact that the red-mite was only active for five months in the year and that from October to May all that the scientists could do was to search for eggs, and carefully study their notes, sa as to lay out a plan of campaign for the coming year. * * * * Mr. R. Baker, the Superintendent of Dairying at Roseworthy College, South Australia, says that cows are animals of habit and quickly settle down to any routine, especially with regard to feeding. They will milk equally well if fed before, during, or after milking. Where > all cows are accommodated in the byres at nH-'k-j ing time, a good opportunity for see-j jng that each animal gets its allotted! quantity of food is provided. . By j this means also the weaker cows are; permitted to feed without being1 molested by the stronger ones. The, can be given half in the morning J ^and V half in the evening, mixed with part of the bulk fodder, the remainder of the bulk being fed during intervals between milkings. When cows remain in the bails only while being milked they may be fed before or after milking, care being taken to see that each cow receives its right quantity of food. It is advisable to erect feeding bails instead of allowing them to feed out of common troughs, so as to prevent the weaker ones from being crowded away ..and' ill-treated. Further, under thte system each cow can be fed according to the quantity of milk she is producing. Some very informative evidence was given by Mr. G. K. Baron-Hay, at the Commission in connection witn the Group Settlement Scheme. He stated that he had been at the head of the Department for two years, but had handled the purchase of bulls only since the disbandment of the Group Settlement Board, midway through 1930. The female stock was still being purchased by the Group Settlement Department. Some of the bulls had been purchased locally. Before they went East last August, every bull that was known of in this State as being under offer, and being eligible for purchase by the Government, was purchased. Jerseys and Guernseys were the two breeds that they were particularly short of. In comparison as to price the animals secured here realised a rather higher price than in the Eastern States, exclusive of freight, but after freight, and costs for testing purposes, etc., were added on, the landed cost in this State was £40 to £42. Very few of the local bulls were purchased for more than 30 guineas. As far a3 quality was concerned, the animals were on an equal plane. Only bulls were purchased out of tested herds, bulls already registered, or eligible for registration. Where the dams were untested, or did not pass the standard either in the Eastern States or here, they refrained as far as possible from buying them. In the first year, the results, as regards cattle purchased from the Eastern States were disappointing. He had seen stock purchased in the Eastern States, and then met them at Fremantlc, after having travelled under conditions, as compared with Eastern States heifers, which had to be crowded for freight, and one would not recognise the stock, They landed in a yery seedy and low condition, and as a general rule, took some time to recover, especially was this so with young stock. The breed makes a big difference. Jerseys do net travel as well, or recover as quickly as the larger framed cattle, such as Shorthorns. The time of the year also made a difference, and as a general rule cattle recovered more quickly in the flush period of the year. Then strikes made matters more difficult at times. In one instance these, . delayed the stock six weeks, and a month in the other, throwing them on to the end of the season. In the "first year-' the imported cattle could not be compared to those locally purchased, but in the case of healthy cattle, and he was careful to eliminate those who were ill, or who, for some-reason or another, did not come up to ^ standard, the average imported CdW- on her second calf would compare favourably with a similar cow in this State. The yield of the average cow in Victoria is 1801bs., in New South Wales, 1401bs. and ours are lOOlbs. 'The imported cows were specially selected in the East, and wiei'fe not culls from herds, and one wdiild expect them to be rather superior to our stock. Some of the best cows on the Group Settlements to- ; day were imported as heifers. In refrly to a question,-Mr. Baron- Hajr/said it was difficult to say that some,of'the cattle in the Group Settlements were suffering from not beingyjcared for properly.; Many set-- tiers'.Jn the South West looked after their stock well, but quite a number did not care for their animals as they should'. As a matter of fact, the poor system on which some of the Group.settlers,^worked their cows was ~ responsible fpf some of their finan- : cial trouble^. It could not be said •that jfche settlers/..were disappointed, because during/th^,first year-the.returns from -States had not been as lai^^ilB^igh&£iave been expected, as' tn^'fdid not all get Eastr ern States 's¥<tefc,/ > : J -Undoubtedly the man who. h'aoiiasy^ed to him a cow that had had d Wiag^.'iiip would be disappointed 1 with returns. But no settle^ could ^a^ that he had only receivedwyEastpr^t, States stock. In fact spjiie-'iof i^eW had not received an Ru^'nxS'taffc beast. An t f-. fort was^thade i.o' keep the shipments of 1929^ arid,JL930 In depots until they had recovered from; the voyage. This course v^ .Joimdi tp^.make a .great _ difference} Any 'inan^who received a cow that had been ^a fortnight on a boat and was perils a months or bjjc. weeks in agxjstmeht, would have cause for complaint^/' There were * .certain number of culls with every purchase, and in fact. in the early days there were a large percentage particularly from the Eastern States condemned and sold. In reply to a question as to whether any system of feeding and milking had been laid down for the group settlers, Mr. Baron-Hay said the field officers of the Department had been twice assembled, with a view to lay- ^TOa uniform system of advice to "farmers. A programme was | drawn up for each district. Every group settlement farm was visited twice a year by these officers, who had set out the uniform plan. He +1,..* - number sri?- vice which had been given them ip. this way, but at the same time, some 1 had not followed it, and that where the personal equation came in. As a matter of fact, it was absolutely necessary, for the dairy farmer to have a system of milking and feeding. At this stage Mr. Forrest asked if Mr. Baron-Hay advocated the use of concentrates, even in a good season. Mr. Baron-Kay repied that if the group plan was carried out in its entirety there would be no ne-2d to buy concentrates at all. He was aware that some of the best dairy fanners in Australia used concentrates, and in fact they themselve. used them on the Government farms. * * ' * * Production of butter in New South Wales, thanks to recent good rains, is either stationary or in some dis tricts sijghtly advancing. The main tj,j n g. f 0 be grateful for.. writes a g ou th Wales authority,- is that decline which lias been steadily growing until those rains fell, has 1 been, arrested. In the far North Coast^ rain is again badly needed below t ^ last & lweek's ^ ^ figiires, l T unless re gular showers are experienced, the lee-way will begin to show again. Provided the seasonal rains fall next month a reasonable autumn season should be experienced. In the far South Coast there has been slight increase in the volume of production, but the growth is very small and is not likely to be maintained for long. Lpcal buying lifts shown more brightness this -week in Sydney, writes.& correspondent under date February -26, And the market posi-. tion seems fairly sound. Last Saturday's increase in price which is the second within eight days, has not caused any falling off in inquiry, and a steady demand is a feature of the local butter market. The demand from Western Australia, whicli State increased its local rate on j Monday to 132/4, has improved very j considerably, and there is every like-1 lihood of this demand continuing and j growing, as local supplies in that State have receded very much. In-,] quiries from South Australia have, also become more numerous and nor-j mal trading with that State should 1 soon be resumed. _ j Following on the sharp advance in : the price- of all imported butter,; which was a feature of the London ; market last week, that market at j the beginning of the current week has developed an easier tone and j this has been reflected in a decline; in value. The amount of the drop ' is not much—in the. case of salted; "Kangaroo" about 2/ to 106/-,' 10.7/-, but it may be an indication ' of a ^return to lower levels as the ; result of buyers, temporarily at any j rate, having filled their require- ] ments. Offers from London buyers j are in the vicinity of 100/- to 101/-; c.i.f. & e., and at this level Sydney parity is about 136/6. ^ ! In Melbourne the local section of the Australian Dairy Produce Inter-; state committee on Friday again ad-j vanced the Melbourne price, though j the previous rise had not met w^th j the unanimous approval of the trade, j In view of the improvement in Lon- 1 don values which took place that I week, both rises were fully justified j and an active retail market has been j maintained. Tasmania, as in duty] bound, followed Victoria's lead and; moved up her market to 140/-, but, no other changes ^ were recorded—j with the exception of Perth—in any. otTeVof W^capitaT cities.' Sydney. During the week the Common-: wealth Graders' examined the fol-' lowing butter prior to export over- ; seas:— ! Sydney . . Salted Unsalted 12,255 5,381 j Total. boxes 17,6361 Newcastle 1,261 181 1,442 19,078 | . Butter exported during the week amounted to 16,305 boxes,, of which j 12,843 ^ boxes were shipped j to ^ the United Kingdom and 3,462 boxes to foreign ports. Price 142/6 per cwt. Price a year ago, 175/2. Brisbane .During the week ended February 13 the Commonwealth Graders examined, prior to expoi-t overseas, 22,955 boxes of salted, and 3,996 boxes of unsalted butter, also 1,610 crates of cheese. Butter exported to the United Kingdom amounted to 34,667 boxes, while shipments to foreign countries were made up of 1,077 boxes of butter and 183 crates of cheese. Price, 149/4 per cwt. Melbourne Price, 140/- per cwt. Tasmanian Price, 140/- per cwt. South Australian Price, 147/- per cwt. London.—The London market was quiet. The strike of waterside workers was finished, and it was expected that deliveries would soon be normal. The Continental demand, however, had eased and the tendency of the market was to become weaker. Australian choicest salted was worth 108/- to 110/-, first 107/- to 108/-, and seconds, 105/- to 106/-. Choicest unsalted was making up to 114/-, with -first (ranging friom 108/- to 110/-,..and seconds 104/- to 106/-. Danish had advanced 14/- to 150/-, while New Zealand salted was. quoted at 1J.2/-, unsalted 116/- to 113/-, and Argentine, 104/- to 110/- a cwt... The cheese market was steady; New Zealand white selling at 63/-, r 64/- and coloured and 64/-, 65A 2. cwt. Price a year ago, 122/-. "THE SIRE IS HALF THE HERD" The value of the purebred sire for eyery class of farm livestock is coming to be universally recognised, but nowhere does he come so near being all-important as in the dairy. In one full generation the herd leader can destroy what has been years in developing in the dairy herd, if he is not the right kind. If of the right type and breeding, he can add to the ordinary paying herd that which will make it yield a nice profit or to a highly profitable herd a higher profit still. Haphazard methods of breeding will not produce a bull of highest quality. He must have quality ancestry on both sides, and the only ancestry known to be reliable is one whose history is registered and recorded. Blood will tell, and nowhere does it speak more emphatically than in the dairy herd. The female descendants of a scrub cow consistently bred back to a purebred bull will in a few generations, become purebred themselves to all intents and purposes, but each succeeding generation descending from a purebred cow and a scrub bull and bred again to scrub stock will continue to decline and the offspring of the first cross is likely not worth its keep. A purebred sire is undoubtedly the most pr-Jfitable and at the same time economi cal investment which the dairy farmer can make. 