3SHILD PASTES?? §P SPEECH ! HELPFUL OBSERVATIONS. Tite prattler has on hand one of the biggest jobs in his life. Given a fair chance, he makes of learning his mother tongue a success which later linguistic achievements never quite rival. What is the secret of if? It is not the mother's tongue, fihat is, in the sense that the speech of the 'mother is the governing fac tor in the way the child learns to Epeak. Mr. Baldwin's mother was a Miss Macdonald, but who would guess it to hear him? A Danish observer reports cases of* children whose mothers are Nor tfegian-speaking, or possessed of -a, eery pronounced Swedish or Ameri can accent. The children all speak Danish without a trace of Recent. Apparently all the surroundings at about the age of three come into play The mother is often pro minent, the father less influential — being less conversational, however companionable— and servants have often to be considered. Children of European parentage^ born in In dia often learn a native language before English. Danish children in Greenland, Eskimo before' Danish, German children in. the former African colonies, a native language before German. A trace of accent is apt to remain throughout .. life, : e#up/ed with a strong tendency to, revert to the first language when ever an opportunity occurs. ;- But there is a stronger factor which may outweigh any of these. That is the company of other child ren of like age,- or slightly older. It has often been observed that the second and later children of a family usually learn to speak much quicker than the first-born. Many a child has had peculiarities of ac cent knocked out of (or into) him by other children, sometimes by anything but gentle means. ^ '. Before this power, theoretical con siderations go down like ? ninepins. One might suppose racial predilec tion for particular sounds to be in herited. But it is found that the children of foreign immigrants^ to \- England, Denmark, and America, learn to speak the new language- as well as children whose ancestors have belonged to the country for ages. ' It is probable that a child of European parents;- learning to speak among Chinese or Kaffirs, would have' no greater difficulty in acquir ing the peculiar srundforms of those languages than a Chinese or Kaffir child. He would have difficulty ; all children have in learing to speak, for their vocal organs are not, as many' assume, more flexible than in later years. Their mistakes show that many sounds have to be mas tered by persistent effort. Nor is their 'ear more 'acute to perceive subtle differences; it has to be trained by practice. An explanation sometimes offered for the quickness in -learning one's mother tongue is that. the child has little else bo do at the time. This is ?a mista^e^-fehe period- 'is' one of the busief£'ln ! his' life.' There are. dozens of thingo he wants to know all at once. : : ? ?????? ii.it' ??; 'i' '??'IK -r'- '.-?'? '? ' .What, tken, is the due to tins miracle of a first success in language learning that we never repeat? For even a language acquired abroad never quite equals it. It hes in two |, things; partly the age at which we] learn it, partly the attitude of those about us. The age is that at which we are best at learning anything new. But we profit most .by the fact that we get, as at no other period, endless friendly repetition from mother, nurse, or other children, of words dealing with just what we are interested in at the moment. There is no talk about snow in June, or summer doings in winter, as is apt to occur in the best of language les sons. There is one way of frustrating the miracle. ' No child can acquire two 'mother' tongues simnftaneorrsly. The bi- liogaal child may achieve marvellous fluency in both lan guages, but in neither will he have the perfect mastery of one speaking his mother tongue. 