OF INTEREST TO FARMERS The wholesale price of butter Perth last -week was; Bulk l/<± (cash), l/4£ (booked); Pats, 1/5 (cash, 1/5J (booked). * * * * During the course of the Field Day at Harvey a demonstration was given on Mr. London's property with a Martin ditcher. It was stated that by the use of this implement irrigation channels and drains could be put down to a depth of 18 inches at a cost of 1/6 per chain. Two of these implements are owned by the Irrigation Branch of the Agricultural Department and are loaned to farmers on application to Mr. A. R. Clifton, the officer in charge. • * • * Mr. Roy Haywards property was included in the farms visited during the recent Harvey field day. This highly successful farm was particularly interesting owing to the experiments which have been and are being conducted there in connection with pasture management. Mr. Baron Hay, the Superintendent of Dairying took advantage of the opportunity to give a short but informative address. He said the ferti- liser experiments had been designed with the view of demonstrating whether the concentrated aqd combined fertilisers now becoming the vogue in Europe would be applicable in Western Australia. They included nitro-chalk being a combination of nitrogen as ammonia and nitrate, nitrogen with approximately 50 per cent, of free lime in the mixture. It was anticipated that possibly this mixture might give excellent results on acid soils in districts with a heavy rainfall. Monophos, a fertiliser containing 18 per cent, of phosphoric acid and also 18 per cent, ot nitrogen as ammonia was also tried as against sulphate of ammonia. The differences, during the period that these experiments had been in operation were not sufficient to state at present that any improvement could be made on superphosphate in conjunction with sulphate 'of ammonia as its source of nitrogen. On this farm the area devoted to rotational grazing, said Mr. Baron. Hay had grazed well over one cow to the acre during the ten months which had elapsed since its inception. The effect of harrowing with various types of pasture harrows was also demonstrated during the course ot the day. Mr. Hayward advised tha., as a result of harrowing the pasture was sweeter and the recovery after grazing more rapid than where harrows were not used. It was pointed out that harrowing had shown that on certain farms in the irrigation area water was used to excess as was indicated by the experiments, as a result of which one watering during the month of January had been proved to be unnecessary whereas in previous years in which the land had not been rigorously harrowed one watering was found beneficial each month. • * • * During the course of the Gjroup Settlement Commission a certain amount of consideration was naturally given to the question of stock. Mr. E. A. McLarty while giving evidence on this subject stated that the majority of the animals purchased from the Eastern States were bough when young. He had not found that it took very long for the stock to become acclimatised if they were properly looked after. As a matter of fact the improvement in the space of two or three months had been remarkable. Some, perhaps, might not be good doers and would not show improvement for a longer period. As regards complaints made by settlers as to tiie milking capacity of some of the animus being low it should be remembered that in most cases heifers on a first calf did not give much mill^ If an animal gave a couple of gallons it was considered that the owner had struck something good. But they improved with age, Some of the heifers, however, had been very disappointing but that was due in some cases to bad feeding and neglect on the part of the settlers. No cow would maintain her TnillHng' capacity if she was not properly fed and looked after. A great deal of the trouble had been due to neglect ,and poor feeding. At the same time it was readily admitted that a percentage of the Eastern States heifers were not satisfactory, it was extraordinary the result of bull calves obtained by these stock, and especially was this the case when the settler^had -stock of his own, and the department had stock under lien, the Department's percentage of heifer calves had in many ffweep been extraofldinarily low. *Fhere had also been a great wastage in the calves. There had not been nearly the natural increase of heifer calves that there should have been. This had been very noticeable in the case of some settlers who were paying their interest and their departmental dues from the sale of surplus stock. Many other settlers had not one head of surplus stock .for sale after seven or eight years. Mr. Brockman remarked that on the Peel and Bateman Estates they noticed some very fine shorthorn heifers. He took it that the Department would not allow these to be sold to private agents? Mr. McLarty re- plied that they were not supposed to be sold, but it was impossible to exercise the supervision necessary to prevent the illicit sale of stock. They had reason to believe that quite a a number of heifer calves had been sold as bull calves. As a matter of fact the holdings should be fully stocked to-day but there had been a big wastage. The chairman asked if _ ^ ^ ^ ^ — . - it was true that a certain number of 1 thnjir young stdck, say Eastern i States stock, had been sold at very low prices, taken care of by the purchaser and found to improve so much in a short time that the Department had bought them back? Mr. McLarty replied that he had heard of that being done. He had no doubt that a lot of the cows which had been culled were quite suitable animals under good management. If they were sold to men who fed and looked after them they would be perfectly suitable cows tor group" settlement. Up to date they had had no trouble in dealing with stock of high quality. Suitable stock could be readily transferred to other settlers who required them. These transfers were arrang-i ed by the field officers. * * * * James Gibson, chairman of the rioyanup Dairy Co. Ltd., writes:— In a recent issue of your paper, you stated that the Boyanup Dairy Company is owned by the Great ooutnern Butter Company. I want you to contradict this statement. The Boyanup Dairy Co. is in no way connected with any Company. When we commenced the Boyanup factory I was a director of the Great Southern Butter Co., and had for a great number of years, acted as cbairman of that company. As i was unable to give my strict attention to the affairs of both companies, 1 resigned by directorate of the Great Southern Butter Co., and I have since devoted all my time to the affairs of the Boyanup Dairy Co., which, i am pleased to say, is also very success! ul. During the past season, our output reached 12 tons per week, and our suppliers were extremely satisfied witn the many advantages they ieceived in dealing with this company. (Signed) JAS. GIBSON. Box 73 P.O., Narrdgin—2/3/32. * • * * Prior to the formation of a Pasture Improvement committee, it was contended in Queensland that the only grass that would grow in that State during the winter months was prairie grass. A few farmers had, during recent years, sown various types of rye grass seed and obtained good results, but the localities where this seed was sown were so few and far apart that the results were seldom heard of. One of the first steps taken by the committee, acting in conjunction with the Queensland committee of the Australian Dairy Council, was to obtain a large- quantity of perennial rye grass, wimmera rye grass, cocksfoot, perennial red clover and subterranean clover' seed, for use on properties selected for pasture experimental purposes. The seed was dis-; tributed in various districts of the State. Reporting to a meeting of the Queensland committee of the A.U.C., Messrs. Harris and Anderson stated that as a result of experiments conducted, they were of the opinion that, so far as Queensland was concerned, subterranean clover was a failure. On the other hand, in practically every case where perennial red clover had been sown, it had proved a success, and the same could be said of wimmera rye grass and cocksfoot. They felt safe in saying that wherever the weather in Queensland was suitable for prairie grass, perennial red clover, wimmera rye grass and cocksfoot would grow equally well, thus adding three new winter grasses to the list, which more than justified the whole of the expenditure to date. Wimmera rye grass and perennial red clover had done remarkably well. One gratifying feature in connection with the work was the fact that so many farmers had become keenly interested and were applying to the Pas ture Improvement Committee for advice as to the time for sowing, also as to the right type of seed, fertiliser, etc., to use on their respective farms. From reports furnished by the supervising officer, it appeared that, in every case where the committee had undertaken pasture improvement work, definite results had been ob tained. Perhaps the most outstanding district was the Maleny district, where a number of dairy farmers had undertaken this work. Messrs. Harris and Anderson further explained that the Pasture Improvement Committee had decided to procure a quantity of certified seed of the various grasses and clovers in order to ascertain the true perennial types, and make this knowledge available to farmers. The estimated cost of the seed was £50. * * * A correspondent writes that he has noticed with a considerable amount of pleasure that attention has recently been directed in these columns to the advantage of bee keeping. He says that any dairyman in the South West keeping bees will find it an interesting and profitable sideline. This district, he says, is very suit- able for bees, having an almost on limited number of flowering trees and shrubs. The double hive is best, because it confines the queens to the bottom hive and allows all the top hive to be filled with clean honey free from brood. The double hive also helps the extracting, for on the night before extracting zinc is removed and a board with a bee trap in it is put in its place. The follow- ing day when removing the frames to extract, the bees will be out collecting honey but cannot return through the trap to the bottom hive until the excluding zinc is replaced. An extractor is needed. This will be found expensive unless purchased secondhand. Unless the beekeeper has an extractor he will find that when he takes the honey, that instead of the bees filling up the cells again they will have to build fresh comb, A sharp lookout should be kept lor I ants and moths. Ants can be seen from the outside of the hive and can j be checked by placing the supports j of the hives in water, but moths can ] only be detected by watching the in- I side of the hives. It is necessary to ; keep plenty of water near the hives, j Failing this, the bees will go to stock J water, and if there are many bees j the stock will have to wait until i nightfall before they can drink. j * K * * ! Giving evidence before the Group Settlement Royal Commission Mr. E. A. McLarty the managing trustee of the Agricultural Bank gave the following history of the group settlement scheme which in view of the attention which is being directed to this matter may be of general interest. He said that at the inception of the scheme in 1921 the control was under the direction of the late Mr. Hugh Brockman, but only seven groups were established up to the end of that -year. They then started to go in fast, and the general control was taken over by the late Mr. G. M. Richardson as controller under the direction of the Group Settlement Advisory committee, Messrs. McLarty _ (chairman), Richardson, Courtenay and McCay. In 1924 Messrs. Sutton and Hampshire were added to the committee. In 1927 the Advisory Committee ceased to function, and the Group Settlement Board was appointed consisting of Messrs. Hewby (chairman) Rose, and MazzolettL In 1930 at the expiration of this Board's three yeaTs' appointment, the control passed to the trustees of the Agricultural Bank. Local control was through District offices at the Peel Estate, Busselton, Manjimup, Northcliffe, and Denmark, manned by field supervisors, small clerical staffs, and, in the field, group foremen and senior foremen. At the transfer of settlers to the Agricultural Bank, the officers were taken over by it, and the Peel Estate and Northcliffe offices closed, the work being transferred to Perth and Manjimup respectively. At present Busselton is a full district office of the Agricultural Bank, controlling both groups and ordinary Agricultural Bank settlers. The Peel Estate is administered from the Head Office. Manjimup controls group settlers under head office administration, but ordinary Bank settlers under the Bunbury office. The es-! tablishment of a full office at Manjimup is under consideration. Land considered suitable was surveyed by the Lands Department and submitted to the Group Settlement Department for inspection, carried out by the late Mr. H. S. Brockman, except on the Peel Estate. There it was done by the late Mr. G. M. Richardson. A considerable proportion of the blocks submitted was rejected as unsuitable. In 1927 it be-: came apparent that many holdings would not be living propositions, asi the poorer soils did not respond, as had been hoped, and a general reclassification of holdings was earned out under the direction and check of the Group Settlement Board. The principle followed was to reject hopeless blocks, to strengthen others where necessary by the addition of land or the amalgamation of the whole or portions of two or more holdings. The result was a reduction of the holdings from 2,442, by abandonment .438, by linking 407, and to place dispossessed settlers it was necessary to open up 145 additional new holdings, and present existing holdings (about 1,700) were all accepted by the Group Settlement Board as standard, i.e., capable with sufficient development and efficient working of carrying a minimum of 20 cows with progeny, and horses, equal to about 30 head. The original aim was to include summer land in every holdings, but this did not prove possible in all districts and its absence or shortage is a distinct factor in the present position of holdings affected, necessitating special methods of working, and skilled farming. Local selection after interview was primarily by the late Mr. J. Robinson and subseauently by (a) Mr. A. McAden (b) Jllr. W. Wardle, officers of the Croup Settlement Department. Migrants were selected in England by the Federal Government, being passed by W.A. representatives in Australia House after medical examination by the Commonwealth staff. On arrival in W.A. they were examined by group. officers, but this was largely formal. Some cases have been found of physical unfitness, but unfortunately many more have proved temperamentally unsuited to farming, and do not appear to have any prospects of becoming successful farmers. Australia House advised that few agricultural recruits were obtainable, and that they had to draw largely from cities. At the outset up to 25 acres were completely cleared with the use of tractors, and all land ploughed, but this proved far too expensive, and the extent of clearing has been progressively reduced. The present policy is to ring and leave large trees, taking out sufficient to enable cultivation on 30 acres, and sufficient for grazing on 20 acres, while sowing on the burn is practised on suitable land. Seed mixtures were sown in the early years, but it was found that in a year or two the clovers took possession and the blade grasses practi cally vanished. For a time subclover on the burn and fallow, sub- clover and rye were alone_ sown. For the last three years sowing has included subclover and rye and a special moist land mixture, which embraces this year cow-grass, rye-grass paspalum, lotus major, and drooping flowered clover ,(t°tal 151bs. per acre is proposed. Super at 2 cwt. per acre has been used with sowing, or 1J cwt. on the burn. Top dressing was applied once a year (1 cwt.) until 1929 when 1 cwt. was applied in autumn and 1 cwt. in the spring, the latter being reduced in subse quent years to h cwt. The Bank advanced seed and manure up to 50 acres, and top dressing to settlers with less than 10 cows. Practically all settlers, irrespective of number of cows, received super advances in autumn 1930, but not since, and un fortunately it is reported that over 250 settlers who were required to find their own manure did no top- dressing lastyearor a small propor-; tion only, of pasture area ^rTL a n d J°tt e r i r ™ n g Z T ^ financed up to the 10 cow stage, . Generally summer cropping was un-j popular, even where ample summer j land was available only small areas j being sown and not properly cultivated, giving poor yields, although Fodder there are cropping numerous has been exceptions, more gen-j{ erally practised, but still required extension. Conservation of hay andj ensilage has improved to a very large extent, but where summer cropping is insufficient the— 1 — 1 —— i too early in many a shortage of feed with serious effect Practically all the settlers were financed wi&ujieas; and root crops in 1930, but their continuance without assistance is 7Wffc*"general. The bulk of the stock was purchased through the Group Settlement Department and still is so acquired. Purchase was under the direction of Mr. Hampshire, followed by Mr. R. H Rose, of the Group Settlement Board, ' buyers including Messrs. J. H. M. Law, D. Keane, F. Williams, G. K. Baron Hay and local supervisors, or approved inspectors in each district. Since the Group Settlement Board was dissolved Mr. R. H. Rose has bought on a commission. Bulls have been bought under the control of the Superintendent of Dairying for the time being, who approved every case as standard, i.e., pedigreed and from tested dams. Maximum prices payable were, Bulls £31/10/-, cows, second or third calf £18 (now £16), Heifers (first calf £12). Bulls had to be imported to a large extent, which brought landed cost to about £42, but until last year's purchases they were issued to settlers at £25, increased in 1930 to £80, while last year's purchases were issued at actual cost (local) and £35 flat rate, imported. The average cost of cows is estimated at £14, issue price to settler being purchase price* plus 10 per cent, to cover cost of buying, handling, insurance to delivery, plus freight (12/-). Settlers have been permitted to select their own cows, but it has not proved generally practicable as they could not travel. When settlers selected and provided transport to holdings purchase price was loaded with 5/- inspection and branding fee only, after passing by Departmental officers. The supply of stock by the Group Settlement Department or bank is limited to a maximum of 15 cows reaching profit, including progeny. Culling, as necessary, is constantly proceeding, and to date about 1,700 cows and 700 heifers have been culled as unsuitable for dairying, sterile, or deteriorated, the last being frequently ascribed by field officers to lack of care, and inefficient management. Losses on sale are borne by the Government if cows prove unsuitable within a reasonable time of supply, but otherwise remain on stock account. Sale proceeds are applied according to the circumstances of each case to the reduction of prin- ' cipal on stock account, replacement ! or interest. Surplus stock is trans- ' ferred between settlers as far as possible in order to retain the grade progeny of pedigreed bulls. The Group Settlement Department; made development advances and supplied stock and plant. When j taken over by the Agricultural Bank the holdings were assessed under the Group Settlement Act by a specially appointed board consisting of Mr. Grogan (chairman), Mr. Johnston and Mr. McCormack, and a special mortgage under the Act was taken for the amount of assessment plus stock and plant book debt. The assessed debt carried 4 per cent, the first year, rising one per cent, yearly to 6 per cent., starting from date of assessment. Interest only is payable for the first ten years, then principal and interest over 20 years. Stock and plant carried 7 per cent, from date of supply, reduced to 6 per cent, from 1st January, 1931. 1710 holdings were assessed, the expenditure of £4,848,218 for development advances oidy being written down to £1,683,460, while a large proportion of expenditure on abandoned holdings will be an additional loss. This approximated £1,000,000 and the recovery can only be determined if and when the blocks are disposed of under the Land Act. The Immigration Agreement provided for the raising of loan money by the Commonwealth Government, the State Government for each £1,000, so raised, to provide one newt farm, bring out one family averag- j ing four souls, and allocate at least j half the farms to assisted migrants, j This applied to 2,031 farms, and a j subsequent amending agreement increased the figure to £1,500 in re spect of 72 additional farms. The State Government gets money to this amount with interest rebate, interest payments being 1 per cent, for the first five years, one third rate payable by the Commonwealth for the next five years, and thereafter full rate. The Chief Accountant estimates the maximum total rebate over the ten years at approximately £900,000. This rebate is not passed on to the settler, but is considered an offset against losses. Interest at full rate was raised on the expenditure accounts of the Group Settlement Department, but vanished on the 60 per cent, written down. Originally it was intended that holdings should not be assessed and transferred to the Bank until they reached the 10 cow stage, when development advances cease, but the present Government arranged for the transfer of all holdings the Bank to continue advances for the necessary development. About 400 settlers are still | in receipt of labour advances, aver-, aging about £4/10/- per month, the; actual amount being determined by; family and number of cows carried, j * * * * In the course of an informative. pamphlet on dairying Mr. R. Baker the Superintendent of Dairying at 1 Roseworthy College, South Australia remarks that ihe digestive system of the cow that has recently calved is not in a ondition to utilise large quantities cf food. She should be fed gradually, giving easily digested roughage tor th«; first few dayi, pud -lira be fed in the foTm of ^a^niashf No" definite rule" can oe iaid dojn for wipi* a cow en to a | full ration; ih, feeder must :t n ' ^ n ' T ^ T l ; e; given ^adoall.,- starting with ib. or 2 .b. a da>", and increasing " • h amount by not irorc than 1 ib. a e;.yj until Ik : r.o : nt is reached wh-n ad-; ditional i. ,d wl-:". not bring an; increase in the milk flow." ah should quantity be of milk fed the^ according produce. to The the ,I feeding of the individual may cause j a slight increase in labor, but it is [ compensated for by the increased production of the herd without any I ™™™™ ™ j — 1 — -<• \- , method of feeding that might be j carried out is. first, supply the cows with all the bulk that they will clean up at all times; second, give 1 lb. ' of grain daily for every pound of j butter fat produced in a week, or,'t alternatively, for every 3 lb. or 4 lb. 1 of milk a day. The amount of gram-k may also be affected by the charact-! er fll* of rtf the ftIA VAT1 roughage. #*n O When \lfnan lucern lunnvm or lucern hay is used, the amount ot j jpam can be reduced. On the other [ handj it might be necessary to in-J crease it when cereal chatf or certain green fodders are used. A grain mixture in the proportion of 100 lb. of bran, 100 lb. of crushed oats, and 25 lb. of linseed fed in the above manner will provide a ration that will maintain a hiffh milk flow. During the course of Mr. Sutton's evidence before the Commission now sitting on the group settlement problem he made especial reference to the prospects of establishing a successful pig-raising industry in this State. He said the prospects of this industry depended upon the export trade. The people of this State could readily produce more than they could consume. The outlook for export seemed quite favourable. What had been exported, even though of good quality had not been quite the type the British consumer wanted but still had been quite payable. A very important advance had been made in connetcion with this particular trade. They found that frozen pork could be cured when it reached the old country. Bacon could also be cured there in such a way that suited the especial markets. Some bacon required special treatment in order to realise the best price. This development had made many things possible. In future there was no doubt they would be exporting frozen sides suitable for bacon, and these would be cured in the Old country. The Chairman of the Commission at this stage asked if any especial advice had been given by the 'Department as <to breeding and the mating and birth of pigs during the flush season? To this the Director of Agriculture re- plied that two factors were involved. First of all there was the question of breeding. A few years ago the Empire Marketing Board, or a similar responsible body, appointed p)jr»mittee to enquire into the type of pig most suitable for the British consumer. It was found that the British producer was not meeting the requirements of the market as well as some of the continental nations. The general outcome of the report was that many of the pigs _ in the British Isles produced bacon that { was too fat for the best market. Itjm was suggested that the fatter breeds J should be mated with the leaner J breeds in order to correct the diffi-j culty. The report suggested that! the breed which was used in Den-' mark with so much success might prove to be the breed from which suitable types could be selected, that was the large Wihite or Yorkshire pig. Not all types of that breed were suitable. The particular type suggested was long, had thin shoulders and fine bones. This was the type' chosen to correct the fat and short pigs of other breeds. A second breed was mentioned as suitable, namely, the Tamworth, which is very similar in conformation to the other, though it is red Tather than white. They had this information in this State. It was felt as the result of one oT his periodic visits with the Superintendent of Dairying, that they should make use of it. They had been through the group settlements and dairying belt, and had seen a multiplicity of types. The Superintendent suggested it was about time they should outline the general policy in order that the position might be improved. With hat object In view a conference was caned between the bacon manufacturers, the breeders of the Royal Agricultural Society and the officials of tbe Department. He thought everyone attended that Conference with a perfectly open mind and as a result It was unanimously decided that the settlers should use the cross-bred pig for bacon production. What was suggested was the mating of the Tamworth with the Berkshire or Berkshire type. At first sight this conclusion might appear contrary to the British decision but actually it was absolutely in line with it. The same principle applied. The Berkshire is rather too fat and short to produce the ideal bacon required for the British market. To correct these deficiencies it was necessary to mate a long, leaner type of pig. They had to consider which types to use. They had the advice of those who used the large white. That was very carefully considered. The idea os using it was entirely upset by the experience of breeders like Mr. Wilding and Mr. Burgess who had qujrenients. One of the difficu . was that it scalded badly. They un-' hesitatingly condemned it for West Australian conditions. Those present at the Conference applied the gr;tish principles to their own conditions. and recommended the adop- tion of the red or Tamworth pig, instead of the Large White pig which was unsuitable for their conditions. They were following out exactly the same policy as was recommended by the British committee. They nad been accused of departing from that policy, but he thought it would be seen that they had not done so. On the authority of the Stock Agent at Midland Junction he said unhesitatin^y that "there had been a decided improvement with regard to the ype and uniformity of the pigs ? 1Ch had T^ee V Ut U P 0n the *» arket there. The bacon manufacturers vho have used this tyoe said that it was very much to b? desired. The information thev got from the people who were not definitely in- Crested in some other breed was Lhat They the were policy however was a not inf sound CQTlCnA^ satisfied one. with that. hat. Th. The Superintendent was was now arranging a series of tests. He' He had some Tamworth—Berkshire cross-breds at the Denmark farm.j i • - \-- .„ — reported upon by competent authorities. He® proposed to send awav the Berk-' shire-Tamworth cross, the Berk-: shire-Tamworth comeback, and the! Tamworth- Berkshire comeback, o get reports uDon these, so the" producers in this State wouiu now what was best for the British' market Until that time had arrived they were proceeding ] * _ to I _ > I _ use the' Tamworth and the Berkshire, and if! the animals produced are on the lean side, they would use the Berkshire on them again. The whole thing] depended on the type of sow. If it J was too fat it would have to be! mated with a type that was leaner, They were concentrating their encv-j gies upon two breeds that were j known to be very good, and the re suits should be of particular advantage to settlers who at the present time had no definite ideas and had had very little training in pig husbandry. On the subject of skim milk on one occasion they learned that settlers were not using the milk • advantage, and the Superintendent of Dairying spoke to him on the matter. By way of rendering assistance he wrote a pertinent paragraph, which was published in the Journal calling attention to the matter. The consequence was that there was not nearly as much waste to-day as there was. * * * * South Australia is passing through the dryest summer experienced for upwards of seventy years and in consequence all pasture is suffering. This is particularly the case with the perennial plants which are struggling for existence whilst except in a few instances the annuals did not make the luxuriant growth usually developed in late spring and early summer. Therefore, as a rule, grass hay yields have been comparatively light, whilst of recent months green picking has been very scanty. The character of the season was such that the best pastures resulted when seeding took place in late autumn before the land became wet and cold, and in the series of pasture experiments the most satisfactory trials were those conducted at Eden Valley. In these series the mixture of wimmera rye grass and subterranean clover was cut for hay, yielding rather more than 2k tons per acre. The plot carrying perennial rye grass, white clover and red clover has been grazed, and the clovers appear likely to be appreciably thinned out by the abnormal summer conditions. The rye grass resulting from certified New Zealand seed appears much more droughtresistant than has been the case with plants obtained from ordinary comercial seed purchased of recent years. The phalaris tuberosa sown in the third plot is withstanding the conditions fairly well and providing a little green picking, * * * * It is now just about a year since the first farms were selected by the New South Wales committee of the Australian Dairy Council as units for demonstrating the beneficial re-I suits of grassland farming, in fur-] ther^nce of the Council's objective for economically increasing production. Under the scheme, it was arranged that the various farmers selected to carry out the work should subdivide portion of their farms into six or eight paddocks, the size of the paddocks being determined by the number of cattle carried, and in the ratio of 10 to 12 cows to the acre, e.g. if the herd consisted of 40 cows, then the paddocks would average 4 acres each, and so on. The farmers supplied the posts and labor for the erection of fences and the necessary fertilisers for the first year of the trials were supplied free through the courtesy of the various fertiliser firms. Eleven farms were selected by the committee in the various coastal districts and Glen Innes, and with the exception of one farm, which was not intelligently managed, wonderful results have been shown, with very marked improvement in production . The farms are located at W&uchope;, Wingham, Cundle, Coramba, Kempsey, Nambucca, Raliegh, Glen Innes, Casino, Nabiac and Dorrigo. In each of these districts the keenest interest is taken by producers generally, and the work of grasslands management on modern lines freely discussed. The New South Wales committee of the Council arranged that each farm should be as near as possible to a main road, so as to give full prominence to the work and make it available for inspection by all interested. It seems almost incredible when it is considered how late the fertiliser applications were made, and it being the first year of the trials, that production results on these farms have been so satisfactory. So convincing have been the results for 1931 that the New South Wales eommittee of the A.D.C. now desires _ been decided, with the full co-operation of the Plant Food Advisory 1 Committee (which comprises repre-1 sentatives of fertiliser companies,! Mr. J. N. Whittet, Agrostologist, j Dept. of Agric., and Mr. G. Stening, j representing NS.W. committee of J A.D.C.), to select an additional ten' or twelve farms for trials this year. | The following factories have been J communicated with and requested to > nominate at least three farms in. their respective districts from which a selection by an expert of the Plant Food Advisory Committee will be made?:—Bowraville,, Moss Vale, i Coraki. Grafton, Ulmarra, Glouces-1 'ter, Kempsey, Moruya, Comboyne, [ Cobargo, Lower Manning River, • Tamworth and Singleton Inimedi \- ^ i o n ^sTeen madej no' a time will be lost in preparing the farm* for earlv treatment The : trials this vear on the Additional farms will hp'li^htlx- Hiff*r™Tt„ itho^ of last™ f f Z J L ^ T theimportantwork of rotation^I ' ^! /iahiimi^AA committee z i ^ ^of h 4-L the »* New Council" louJTwSS •! • is "making 1 • . _ |• .arrangements arrangements to import Certified j grass : ;grass seed from New Zealand, con-U sisting of perennial rve erass Akaroa cocksfoot perennial ; \- - * j ] able perennial winter grasses for! i„, upe on paspalum white clover pas-' ticres. It is proposed to sow foui ! one-acre blocks with a mixture o1 ! fr«reu, ana tnooiner renovated raspalum. The committee has also gi- ;ven attention lately to the question' , . & J • * . < of conservation of surplus gtass! growth in the form of hay or silage, i In manv district*? demonstrations | 1 have been given and a large quantity of excellent fodder stacked on the j farms for future requirements. The ultimate utility of these stacks will be interesting, not only from the point of view of quality of the product, but also lor providing fodder the event of a dry spell, these stacks being a reserve which has not usually been provided by the farmer. S-- * ~ sj: The recent Field Day at Harvey was a great success although we have been asked to urge that on future occasions of this kind the event should receive greater publicity. It has been represented to us that mat aitnougn although there mere were aoout about 100 iuu present, the educative value of the facts laid before the farmers, who were aware of the occasion, and attended, was worthy of a larger audience. The Field Day was organised by the Harvey Agricultural Society assisted by Mr. C. Giles of the Agricultural Department. It was anticipated that a large number ot farmers from the Waroona district and possibly Coolup and Brunswick, which in the near future would be irrigated would attend in order to ascertain first hand the possibilities and economic value of irrigation. The anticipations in this respect were somewhat realised as far as Brunswick was concerned as there was a fair representation of farmers from that part but regret was expressed that the visitors from further north were few. On Mr. J. London's property which was visited first a demonstration was given as to the correct method of irrigating land and this property also demonstrated the value of con- trolled grazing. In 1931 an area of 13 acres which was not subdivided previously was split into four paddocks, properly surveyed, the contour drains and head channels being laid out by Mr. C. K. Gibsone of the Irrigation branch. In previous years Mr. London had found it necessary to spend an average of £8 per month on concentrates in order to maintain his herd of 14 cows in milk. During last year this monthly charge had been reduced to 10/- per month and in addition 8 tons of hay had been cut from the area in question. The figures regarding the increase of butter-fat from the altered policy which Mr. London has adopted are also interesting. In 1930 the total butter-fat produced was 2,632 pounds being an aierage of 188 lbs. per cow. The following year due to irrigation providing succulent feed, and rational grazing the same cows produced 2,977 lbs. of butterfat, or an average of 212 lbs. of butter-fat per cow. The increased cost of feriilisers to obtain this enhanced return was £8, for the year. Fertilisers in 1930 cost £12 and for 1931 £20. As against this additional cost of £8 for fertilisers a saving was effected * of £90 * in concentrates. * * During the week a representative of this paper had an interesting and informative chat with a well-known entomologist who is visiting this State. He remarked that one of the most baffling problems that were confronting entomologists throughout Australia to-day was the redmite. Many farmers in the South West thought that they were confronting a problem peculiarly their own in regard to this pest but this was not so. The red-mite and lucerne flea were so widely spread and so scattered in their operations that they had become a truly national menace. Tasmania, Victoria and South Australia were each and all trying to grapple with both the lucerne flea and the red mite. Lucerne flea was found in all the States, except New South Wales, and all the States but Queensland had the redmite. Incidentally when the visitor remarked that New South Wales had not got the lucerne flea, he smiled S J ^ . - z r z ? a*-?? Mother State conveniently claimed to be exempt from this pest, and it was a very good thing for the potato growers, in that State, as it had enabled them to place an embargo on the potatoes from the other States. The red-mite, if that were possible, was increasing its hold, and did -not confine its attention to clovers as some people fondly imagined, but tackled practically everything that was eatable in the vegetable kingdom. Fortunately the broad grasses so far had proved themselves im mune. But the mites'had shown that connection. The mites iijid caused very serious trouble where oats were concerned and indeed most : of the oat crops would have been in jeopardy but for the fact that they were mostly sown on land under fallow. This gave the oats a clean start, otherwise it was impossible to say what might happen. The difficulties which scientists had. had to face were stressed by the' visiting entomologist. People say that they have been engaged on the work for say a couple of years, but they overlooked the fact that the red-mite was only active for five months in the year and that from October to May all that the scient-| ists could do was to search for ogp-s and carefully *tudv theh nnU so fto f^ out^ plan^f eLpaS'for the coniing year. " * * Mr R Baker the Sunerintendent f n^'iJ^. ^ <L?if 7 f r R o s e w ^ ^ S k f fc ^V ^ ^ <j ows ' reaard^to" . any 1 ?eedine'' routine ' . e* ^ S * v ^ S They will milk equal!y well if fed before',' during^ tter milking. Where all cows are , ~, . .. , accommodated in the byres at mi.kpermitted to feed without being rao,eFted b>" the stronger ones. The OJI?,- e:iu ' alt;ti P°^tion oI tl » e ratio" ^aii be given half in the morning a.iu - ~ - milkings. When cows r- - main in the bai,ft on,y "while being . - . '-n/l MA** •*-".-» J t > _ :ed tney may be ted uefore aitrr milking, carc being taken •.«.- that each cow receives its rigii ! quantity of food. Jt is ad visa i.-Is to erect feeding bails instead of a.- j lowing them to feed out of common troughs, so as to prevent the weaker ones from being crowded away a-'id ill-treated. Further, under this system each cow can be fed according to the quantity of milk she is producing. Some very informative evidence was given by Mr. G. K. Baron-Hay, at the Commission in connection whn the Group Settlement Scheme. He stated that he had been at the head of the Department for two years, but had handled the purchase of bulis only since the disbandment of the Gvoup Settlement Board, midway throu&h; 1930\. The female stock was still being purchased by the Group Settlement Department. Some of the bulls had been purchased locally. Before they went East last August, every bull that was known of in this State as being under offer, and being eligible for purchase by the Government, was purchased. Jerseys and Guernseys were the two breeds that they were particularly short of. In comparison as to price the animals secured here realised a rather higher price than in the Eastern States, exclusive of freight, but after freight, and costs for testing purposes, etc., were added on, the landed cost in this State was £40 to £42. Very few of the local bulls were purchased for more than 30 guineas. As far as quality was concerned, the animals were on an equal plane. Only bulls were purchased out of. tested herds, bulls already registered, or eligible for registration. Where the dams were untested, or did not pass the standard either in the Eastern States or here, they refrained as far as possible from buying them. In the first year the results, as regards catlie purchased from the Eastern States were disappointing. He had seen stock purchased in the Eastern States, and then met them at Freniantle, after having travelled under conditions, as compared with Eastern States heifers, which had to be crowded for freight, and one would not recognise the stock. They landed in a very seedy and low condition, and as a general rule, took some time to recover, especially was this so witti young stock. The breed makes a big difference. Jerseys do not travel as well, or recover as quickly as the larger framed cattle, such as Shorthorns. The time of the year also made a difference, and as a general rule cattle recovered more quickly in the flush period of the year. Then strikes made matters more difficult at times. In one instance these delayed the stock six weeks, and a month in the other, throwing the.u on to the end of the season. In the first year the imported cattle could not be compared to those locally purchased, but in the case of healthy cattle, and he was careful to elimin- ate those who were ilf, or who, for some reason or another, did not come up to standard, the average imported cow on her second calf would compare favourably with a similar cow in this State. The yield of the average cow in Victoria is 1801bs., in New South Wales, 1401bs. and ours are lOOlbs. The imported cows were specially selected in the East, and were not culls from herds, and out; would expect them to be rather superior to our stock. Some of the be t cows on the Group Settlements today were imported as heifers. In reply to a question, Mr. Baron- Hay said it was difficult to say that some of the cattle in the Group Settlements were suffering from not being cared for properly. Many settlers in the South West looked afttr their stock well, but quite a number did not care for their animals as th»:y should. As a matter of fact, th? poor system on which some of the w i ^ ^ s - i r r a : responsible for some of their financial troubles. It could not be said that the settlers were disappointed, because during the first year the returns from Eastern States had not been as large as might have been expected, as they did not all get Eastern States stock. Undoubtedly the man who had issued to him a cow that had had a rough trip would be disappointed with the returns. But no settler could say that he had only received Eastern States stock. In fact some of them had not received an Ed^t->-n States beast. An fort was made to keep the shipments of 1929 and 1930 in depots until tibey had recovered from the voyage. This course was found to make a gres?.t difference. Any man who receive! a cow that had been a fortnight on a boat and was perhaps a months or sK- veeks in agistment, would tovc cause for complaint. There were * certain number of culls with every purchase, and in fact in the early days there were a large percentage particularly from the Eastern States condemned and sold. In reply to a question as to whetho - anv system of feeding and milking had been laid down for the group settlers, Mr. Baron-Hay said the field officers of the Department had been (Continued on Pa^e 4.) fsr FARMING NOTES (Continued from page 1.) twice assembled, with a view to la. y in.tr d \vn a utuiorm system of advic-. to farmers. A programme wu. di'awn up for each district. Every group settlement farm was visit°a twice a year b.v these officers, who had set out the uniform plan. li'~ was of the opinion that a numbf; of the settlers had followed the advice which had been given them in this way, but at the same time, some had not followed it, and that was where the personal equation came in. As a matter of fact, it was absolutely necessary for the dairy farmer to have a system of milking and feeding. "At this stage Mr. Forrest ask ed if Mr. Baron-Hay advocated the use of concentrates, even in a good season. Mi - . Baron-Hay repicd thu* if the group plan was carried out in its entirety there would be no ne ul to buy concentrates at all. He waaware that some of the best dairy fanners in Australia used concc; tratcs, and in fact they themselve used them on the Government farms. Production of butter in New South j Wales, thanks to recent good rains, j is either stationary or in some dis- j tricts slightly advancing. The maini thing to be grateful for, writes a I New South Wales authority, is that the decline which has been steadily growing until those rains fell, has been arrested. In the far North Coast rain is again badly needed, and though the intake has not fallen below last week's figures, unless re- gular showers are experienced, the lee-way will begin to show again. Provided the seasonal rains fall next month a reasonable autumn season should be experienced. In the far South Coast there has been slight increase in the volume of production, but the growth is very small and is not likely to be maintained for long. Local buying has shown more brightness this week in Sydney, writes a correspondent under date February 26, and the market position seems fairly sound. Last Saturday's increase in price which is the second within eight days, has not caused any falling off in inquiry, and a steady demand is a feature of the local butter market. The de-1 mand from Western Australia, which j State increased its local rate on Monday to 132/4, has improved very considerably, and there is every likelihood of this demand continuing and growing, as local supplies in that State have receded very much. In? quiries from South Australia have also become more numerous and normal trading with that State should soon be resumed. Following on the sharp advance in the price of all imported butter, which was a feature of the London market last week, that market at the beginning of the current week has developed an easier tone and. this has been reflected in a decline in value. The amount of the drop . is not much—in the case of salted * "Kangaroo" abput 2/ to i06/- t 107/-, but it may be an indication of a return to lower levels as the result of buyers, temporarily at any rate, having filled their requirements. Offers from London buyers are in the vicinity of 100/- to 101/- c.i.f. & e., and at this level Sydney parity is about 136/6. In Melbourne the local section of the Australian Dairy Produce interstate committee on Friday again advanced the Melbourne price, though the previous rise had not met wjth the unanimous approval of the trade. In view of the improvement in London values which took place that week, both rises were fully justitiea and an active retail market has been maintained. Tasmania, as in dutybound, followed Victoria's lead and moved up her market to 140'/-, but no other changes were recorded— with the exception of Perth—in any other of the capital cities. Sydney. During the Week, the Commonwealth Graders' examined the following butter prior to export overseas:— Total Salted Unsalted boxes Sydney . . 12,256 5,381 17,636 Newcastle 1,261 181 1,442 t 19,078 Butter exported during the week amounted to 16,305 boxes, of which 12,843 boxes were shipped to the United Kingdom and 3,462 boxes to foreign ports. Price 142/6 per cwt. Price a year ago, 175/2. Brisbane During the weeK ended February 13 the Commonwealth Graders examined, prior • to export overseas, 22,955 boxes of salted, and 3,996 boxes of unsalted butter, also 1,610 crates of cheese. Butter 'exported to the United Kingdom amounted to 34,667 boxes, while shipments to foreign countries were made up of 1,077 boxes of butter and 183 crates of cheese. Price, 149/4 per cwt. Melbourne Price, 140/- per cwt. Tasmanian Price, 140/- per cwt. South Australian Price, 147/- per cwt. London.—The London market was quiet. The strike of waterside workers was finished, and it was expected that deliveries would soon be normal. The Continental demand, however, had eased and the tendency of the market was to become weaker. Australian choicest salted was worth 108/- to 110/-, first 107/- to 108/-, and seconds, 105/- to 106/-. Choicest unsalted was making up to 114/-, with first 'ranging from 108/- to 110/-, and seconds 104/- to 106/-. Danish had advanced 14/- to 150 '-, while New Zealand salted was quoted at 112/-, unsalted 116/- to 113/-, and Argentine, 104/- to 110/- a cwt. The cheese market was steady; New Zealand white selling at 63/-, 64/- and coloured and 64/-, 65/- a cwt. Price a year ago, 122/-. "THE SIRE IS HALF THE HERD" The value of the purebred sire for every class of farm livestock is coming to be universally recognised, but nowhere does he come so near being all-important as in. the dairy. In one full generation the herd leader can destroy what has been years in developing in the dairy herd, if he is not the right kind. If of the right type and breeding, he can add to the ordinary paying herd that which will make it yield a nice profit or to a highly profitable herd a higher profit sti U - , , j- Haphazard methods of breeding will not produce a bull of highest quality- He must have quality ancestry on both sides, and the only ancestry known to be reliable is one whose history is registered and recorded. Blood -will tell, and nowhere floes it speak sno?e emphatically than in the dairy herd. The female descendants of a scrub cow consistently bred back to a purebred bull will in •l few generations, become purebred themselves to all intents and purposes, bat eac-h succeeding generation descending from a purebred cow and a scrub bull and bred again tc s.-rub stock will continue to declinc and the offspring of the first cross i: likely not worth its keep. A pure bred sire is undoubtedly the most pr >- .it able and at the same time economical investment which the dairy farmer can make. 