News In Brief At the Melbourne City Court on June 25, Harold James Russell (26), a mechanic, of Cowper-street, Footscray, was charged with triple murder, and remanded without bail till July 1\. The victims were Mrs. Ivy Letitia Russell (27) and two sons—Harold George (3) and Eric (1J)—who were drowned in the Sunshine swimming pool on Saturday, June 11- • • « A 1,300 dollar suit against Sir 'Kingsford Smith and his flight companions by .the Abercrombjie Fitch Fashionable Haberdashery Store, U.S.A., for outfitting the quartet, prior to the Atlantic westward flight began on June 27. « • <• Ernest Albert Brown (40), clerk, was arrested in Perth on warrant on June 25 on a charge that he, on June 23, at Peirth, knowingly and fraudulently uttered a false document purporting to be a cheque drawn on the Commonwealth Savings Bank, dated June 20, 1932, for the amount of £14/6/9, and signed Alfred Carson (chairman), Everitt Atkinson (member). and Ernest A. .Brown (secretary). Accused is a well-known figure in Parliamentary circles, being Ushef of the Black Rod in the Legislative Council. » • • Five Chicago banks with deposits of 'ten million dollars, closed on June £5, making the total 33 for June. Runs, continued on downtown banks, which were successfully.met. Women faint- 5 ed in the crowds withdrawing funds. • • . A spark generated by a magneto sear an open underground petrol tank caused an explosion which blew outtwo plate-glass windows at Hubbard Motors, Grote-street, -Adelaide, on June 25. Prompt use of "a. fire j ex- tinguisher prevented the building catching fire. The petrol in the tanks ignited* Three men were injured. Vast crowds' turned out to welcome Cardinal Lauri, the Papal Legate to the Eucharistic Congress, when he arrived at Kingstown, where he was received by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the Free State President (Mr. De Valera). Thousands knelt by the roadside in emotional fervour • as the Papal Legate passed slowly along a seven-mile route, blessing the multitude. This is the first time in which a Papal Legate has landed in Ireland for 290 years. • * • Allegations of sexual depravity in State schools.made by the State Anglican Sunday School organiser (Miss Warren .Thomas) have raised .a storm in Adelaide. Miss Thomas. >also said that jchildrdj in some places not far from Adelaide knew the nprnes of God and Jesii$ only .as swear words. These StSitemeilt& hav« brought an indignant ngbinder5:6:obi the Director of Education (Mr. Adey). "Tlie statement that children know the feafi&s; of :=God and Jesus .only as oathsisa-slandej-on tjiejjgrifcat majority of children attending oiiir puttie schools" he said. "Hie motal ^tapgard- in our schools is spt a lugh duuraCter, and it is a. rare occurreg$c~ indeed to : have any . complaint abbuiVthe behaviour of, pupils cifttr w i i r ^ ^o61s. n - i . .'V , - At. Cuyiithlan, «tates a , message from Mexico City, a tidal wave swept «rfi»J»d for ?n9re ttyma mpe, levelling everything in> its path.»A Two -brief minor earthquakes preceded the heavy tremor which ushered in the waveand staved to rouse the inhabitants, many of whom fled to the beateh for safety. There j the ( tidal wave trapped 4hem, sweeping many-inland todeath or outward to sea to drown. The shoeing of ^Archibald Ceqil Gibbs (58) outside „the Children's Court on June 8 was inquired into by the City Coroner on June 24. Cathe rine O'Byrne (46) who had been re manded on a charge of having murdered Gibbs, was present: After hearing the evidence the Corona- returned a verdict- of death from bullet wounds accidentally, received while struggling for the possession of jthe revolver, and he discharged • O'Byrne. # • * ~ Found guilty in London on June 21 of having killed his wife and two chil dren, who were found shot dead at Sigdon Farm, Kingsbridge, on May 7, William Yeoman (50), farmer was declared, to be insane and was ordered to-be detained. *v * • - * • \- An American plan for'the reduction of the armaments of the world—land, sea and air—by nearly one-third was announced simultaneously at Geneva and Washington on June 22. To cur-: tail the offensive power of land forces, the plan recommends the abolition of tanks, chemical warfare, and large calibre guns. The British delegate at the special meeting of the general commission o.f the Disarma-, men Conference, before which (the Geneva announcement was made, wel- comed the proposal; but expressed doubt as to the appropriateness and,' adequacy of the naval clauses. Hos-. tility was evident in the French delegate's comment,' but Italy and G^many expressed complete IrpprovteL Japan is opposed to the suggested reduction in capital ships. * • • Damages amounting to £300 were awarded by Mr. Justice Dwytr, in the Supreme Court on, June 23 in the case- lit which Dr. M. O. Gorman had sued Dr. T. P. Byrne (both of Kalgoorfie) on the ground of slaiwier. The hearing of evidence occupied six days hut last week a settlement was arrived at and the case was withdrawn from the jury on the understanding tV>at Dr. Byrne apologised for his conduct and paid all costs off the action. » * * The hearing, at Miami, of a charge J gainst Mrs. Keith Miller, the Australian flyer, that she entered the United States illegally, was postponed cn June 24. No intimation was made by the immigration Officials when it wiH be held. • • • In the Melbourne Criminal Court o: June 21, a sentence of seven years' imprisonment was Imposed on Alfred Gflfis (20), labourer, on a charge of having committed an offcnce against a younc woman at FitzJroy on May 22\. Gillis- allegedly attacked the woman while she was going home from a dance. The hearing of a charge of murder against a soiaicr named Collins, was opened in the Ashtord Police Court on June 2.1. Collins was arrested alter the tinding ot the dead bodies of Mrs. Janie bwitt (bb), her daughter, Mrs. Jennie Tr-emayne £>temp and feggy (Li) a daughter or Mrs. atemp in lung s Woba, near Challock, Kent, on June. 14. All the victims bad died trom gunshot. wounds. Accused was remanded until June 28. . • * * Before a crowd of 75,000 at New York, .the .American jack iSharkey <14st- 91b-) was awarded the decision over the German, Max Schmeling (13st- 61b.), the holder, in a 15-round contest ou June 21 tor the heavyweight boxing championship of the world. The verdict ot the judges has been disputed by the Press. * • * After a desperate attempt to sail the leaking trawler Charlie Cam to Sydney, tbe master (Capjtain S. J. Gibson) was forced to beach the vessel at Bunga Head, 10 miles north of Tathra. The crew of' 12 abandoned the ship and reached shore safely. » * * An extraordinary story of a series of alleged bank thefts by employees was told in the Sydney* Central Police Court on June 22/. when Stuart Charles McLean (41) - clerk, Frafrk Phibbs (42), clerk, and Horace John Finn (49), clerk, were charged with having stojen £5,099, the property of the Commercial Banking Co., of Sydney, Ltd. The three defendants were committed for trial. '. • Suffering /from leprosy, a family of b ve aborigines has beqi removed .from Moreton, near vGoen' (Queensland) to the Peel Island lazaret. Such 'a case where all the -members of the family are affected the disease, is regarded as mflst tmusual. Three other natives sufferitfg from leprosy and one suspect are in. the Cairns Hospital, and will be transferred to the bland shortly. * * » After examHning 13,666 carcases of New Zealand Jamb and mutton following their discharge at Avonmouth (England),- Dr. Parry, health officer at Bristol, announced that a number of carcases were-.stained with arsenic which had apparently , soaked through frbm hides stored the hold above. Many of the carcases were condemned A notorious -tobacco smuggler, Louis Lesser, who in 1930 was fined £5,740, or six months' gaol for smuggling a ton of tobacco in bales of waste paper from Antwerp,' was fined £15,000 at London on June 24,' in default six months' imprisonment, for smuggling another ton in an old (submarine, chasqfr. Lesser smiled and winked when the Magistrate remarked* "You probably know the limit of jny jurisdiction." » ' * « The -Eucharistic Congress reached its climax on June .26, when an assembly -estimated at a mfllipn heard mass in Phoenix Park (Ireland). Later the Blessed Sacrament was taken in a procession five miles long to an 'altar on O'Connell Bridge in the centre <pf the city, where the Papal Legate pronounced benediction upoti the multitude. * m * There has been a revival of terrorism in. the, past Bengal.. Early on Jane 27 Kanxakya Prasad Sen, a special magistrate . of Munshinganj (Dacca) was found shot dead m a room of- the "house of S. M. Chatterjee, a sub-divisional officer of Wari, whom he was visiting. The assailant entered by at window and shot Sen at close radge several times, while he was sleeping, and then escaped. No arrest has boen made. Sen is the first India,7i - magistrate to be killed by the terrorists. • * • • There was an exciting sequel to the* Canton, Government's war against rebellious naval craft on June' 26, when a utimber of Government aeroplanes .began bombing the rebel fleet Six bombs fell close to H.M.S. Moorhen, being deliberately aimed apparently under the mistaken belief that she was a rebel Chinese boat. Luckily no injury was done. Fearing further attacks, aSbout a dozen of the rebel boats took « refuge * in British , * waters. There was a dramatic development when the Italian salvage ship Artiglio was arrested on its arrival at Plymouth on. June 26 with bullion recovered from the wreck of the P. and O. liner Egypt, which was sunk off Brest during the Great War. The vessel was arrested under instructions from the Admiralty Marshal. A warrant was attached to the mainmast and the holds were sealed. Commendatjore Quaglia, of the Artiglio, says that £180,000 worth of bullion has bfjen raised from the wreck and that nearly £1,000,000 • worth • remains. • A provisional agreement has been made between the Danish Ministry of Public Works and the British firm of Dorman, Long and Company for he construction of a railway and bridge across the strait separating the islands of Zeeland and Falster. The cost of the work is estimated at about £2,000,000. The bridge, which will be over two miles long, will be the longest in Europe. * » • A message from Singapore states that King Prajadhipok, of Siam, is accepting the terms dictated to him by the newly-formed People's Party. 'Without disorder or disturbances of the life of the Siamese capital, a coup d'etat was successfully accomplished and the last remaining absolute monarchy in the world has passed* • # • With Communist members siding with the Nazis, the Prussian Diet, on June 26, passed a Bill confiscating the entire property of all East European Tews entering Prussia since August, 1914, and converting it to aid the unemployed. The Bill has astounded the Jews, who hope that the central Government will veto it • Another Bill prohibits State theatres from employing Jews. • • • Lawrence Francis Healey (18), of Botany-road. Botany, N.S.W., met a terrible death on June 19. Caught in machinery, his leg was horribly torn, and he died in hospital soon afterwards. 