News In Brief At the Melbourne City Court on June 25, Harold James Russell (26), a mechanic, of Cowper-street, Foots cray, was charged with triple murder, and remanded without bail till July 1\. The victims were Mrs. Ivy Letitia Russell (27) and two sons—Harold George (3) and Eric (It)—who were drowned in the Sunshine swimming pool on Saturday, June II. A 1,300 dollar suit against Sir Kingsford Smith and his flight com panions by the Abercrombjie Fitcli Fashionable Haberdashery Store, U.S.A., for outfitting the quartet prior to the Atlantic westward flight began on June 27. • • • Ernest Albert Brown (40), clerk, was arrested in Perth on warrant on June 25 on a charge that he, on June 23, at Perth, knowingly and fraudulently uttered a false document purporting to be a cheque drawn on the Commonwealth Savings Bank, dated June 20, 1932, for the amount of £14/6/9, and signed Alfred Carson (chairman), Everitt Atkinson (mem ber). and Ernest A. Brown (secre tary). Accused is a well-known figure in Parliamentary circles, being Usher of the Black Rod in the Legislative Council. • • •. Five Chicago banks with deposits, of ten million dollars, closed on June 25, making the total 33 for June. Runs continued on downtown banks, which were successfully.met. Women faint ed in the crowds withdrawing funds. » • • A spark generated by a magneto near an open underground petrol tank caused an explosion which blew out, two plate-glass windows at Hubbard; Motors, Grote- street, Adelaide, onj June 25. Prompt use of a fire ex tinguisher prevented the building catching fire. The petrol in the tanks ignited. Three men wefe injured. * • • Vast crowds turned out to welcome Cardinal Lauri, the Papal Legate to the Eucharistic Congress, when he ar rived at Kingstown, where he was re ceived by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the Free State President (Mr. De Valera). Thousands knelt by the roadside in emotional fervour as the Papal Legate passed slowly along a seven-mile route, blessing the mul titude. This is the first time in which a Papal Legate has landed in .Ireland for 290 years. Allegations of sexual depravity ii State schools made by the State An giican Sunday School organiser (Misi Warren Thomas) have raised a storn in Adelaide. Miss Thomas also sait that children in somfe places not fai from Adelaide knew the names of Got and Jesus only as swear words. Thesi statements have brought an indignau rejoinder from the Director of Educa tion (Mr. Adey). "The statement tha1 children know the names of God am Jesus only as oaths is a slander oi the great majority of children attend ing our public schools" he said. "Th. moral standard in our schools is ot J high character, and it is a rare occur rence indeed to have any complain about the behaviour of pupils eithe in or out of schools." At Cuyuthlan, states a messag from Mexico City, a tidal wave swej inland for more than a mile, levellin everything in its path. Two brv minor earthquakes preceded the heav tremor which ushered in the wave an st-tved to rouse the inhabitants, man of whom fled to the beach for safet; There the tidal wave trapped, then sweeping many inland to death or oui ward to sea to drown. The shoeing of Archibald Cec Gibbs (58) outside the Children Court on June 8 was inquired into 1: the City Coroner on June 24. Cath rine O'Byrne (46) who had been n rnanded on a charge of having mu dered Gibbs, was present. After hea ing the evidence the Coroner return* a verdict of death from bullet wouin accidentally received while strugglir for the possession of ;ihe revolve and he discharged O'Byrne. Found guilty in London on June of having killed his wife and two cl dren, who were found shot dead Sigdon Farm, Kingsbridge, on May William Yeoman (50), farmer w; declared to be insane and was ordt ed to be detained. * » • An American plan for the reductii of the armaments of the world—lar sea and air—by nearly one-third w announced simultaneously at Gene and Washington on June 22. To cu tail the offensive power of lai forces, the plan recommends the ab (ition of tanks, chemical warfare, ai large calibre guns. The British de! gate at the special meeting of t; general commission of the Disarm men Conference, before which rtl Geneva announcement was made, w< corned the proposal; but express^ doubt as to the appropriateness ai adequacy of the naval clauses. H< tility was evident in the French del gate's comment, but Italy and Gc many expressed compete Ij^Vprov; Japan is opposed to the suggested r miction in capital ships. Damages amounting to £300 w awarded by Mr. Justice Dwyer, the Supreme Court" on June 23 in case in which Dr. M. O. Gorman 1 sued Dr. T. P. Byrne (both of b goodie) on the ground of slander. 1 !v ariiig of evidence occupied six d: but last week a settlement was v:. ed at and the case was withdra from the jury on the understand that Dr. Byrne apologised for his c< duct and paid all costs of the acti » * • The hearing, at Miami, of a cha against Mrs. Keith Miller, the A tralian flyer, that she entered United States illegally, was postpo; on June 24. No intimation was m bv trie immigration officials when wiH be held. In the Melbourne Criminal Cc June 21, a sentence of seven yc imprisonment was imposed on All Gillis (20), labourer, on a charge having committed an offence aga a young woman at Fitzroy on J 22\. Gillis allegedly attacked the ' man while she was going home fi a dance. r The hearing of a charge of muider [against a soldier named Collins, was I opened 111 the Aslitord lJolicc Court | on J uiie 22. Collins was arrested alter [the finding ot the dead bodies ot M's Janie Sunt (t)3j, her daughter, Mrs. IJennie lreniayne bteiup (35), and I regcy (13) a daughter or Mrs. a temp iii jvmg's VVood, near Challock, Kent, Ion June 14. All the victims had died | from gunshot wouuds. Accused was I remanded until J une 28. i Before a crowd ol 75,1)00 at New ] YoTk, .the American Jack Sharkey (14st. 91b) was awarded the decision I over the German, Max Sthmeling | (13st. Olb.), the holder, in a i5-round I contest on June 21 lor the heavy | weight boxing championship of the [world. The verdict ot the judges has [been disputed by the Press. After a desperate attempt to sail [tile leaking trawler Charlie Cam to I Sydney, the master (Capflaiu S. J. I Gibson) was forced to beach the ves [ sel at Buuga Head, 10 miles north J of Tathra. The crew of 12 abaudon [ed the ship and reached shore safely. , An extraordinary story of a series [of alleged bank thefts by employees J was told in the Sydney Central Police ■ Court on June 22, when Stuart | Charles McLean (41) clerk, Frank | Phibbs (42), clerk, and Horace John [Finn (49), clerk, were charged with [having stojen £5,099, the property of [the Commercial Banking Co., of Syd [ney, Ltd. The three defendants were I committed for trial. Suffering from leprosy, a family of [five aborigines has been removed from [Moreton, near Coeu (Queensland) to [the Peel Island lazaret. Such a case [where all the members of the family [are affected with the disease, is re garded as most unusual. Three other [natives suffering from leprosy and one [suspect arc in the Cairns Hospital, [and will be transferred to the island J shortly. After examining 13,666 carcases of I New Zealand lamb- and mutton fol lowing their discharge at Avomnouth I (England), Dr. Parry, health officer [at Bristol, announced that a number [ of carcases were stained with arsenic [which had apparently soaked through I from hides stored in the hold above. [Many of the carcases were condemned A notorious tobacco smuggler, j Louis Lesser, who in 1930 was fined [£5,740, or six months' gaol for [smuggling a ton of tobacco in bales [of waste paper from Antwerp, was [fined £15,000 at London on June 24. [in default six months' imprisonment, [for smuggling another ton in an old | (submarine chasqr. Lesser smiled [and winked when the Magistrate re marked, "You probably know the [limit of my jurisdiction." The Eucharistic Congress reached [its climax on June 26, when an as sembly estimated at a million heard [mass ■ in Phoenix Park (Ireland). [Later the Blessed Sacrament was taken in a procession five miles long (to an altar on O'Connell Bridge in ] the cemtre of the city, where the [Papal Legate pronounced benediction [upon the multitude. There has been a revival of terror [ ism in the East Bengal. Early on [June 27 Kamakya Prasad Sen, a spe cial magistrate of Munshinganj 1 (Dacca) was found shot dead in a (room of the house of S. M. Chatter nee, a sub-divisional officer of Wari, [whom he. was visiting. The assailant [entered by a window and shot Sen at [close range several times, while he was sleeping, and then escaped. No arrest has been made. Sen is the first Indian magistrate to he killed | by the terrorists. There was an exciting sequel to the Canton Government's war against i [rebellious naval craft on June 26, [when a number of Government aero | planes began bombing the rebel fleet. [Six bombs fell close to H.M.S. Moor-1 [hen, being deliberately aimed appa-] [rently under the mistaken belief that' [she was a rebel Chinese boat. Luckily j [no injury was done. Fearing further! [attacks, about a dozen of the rebel j |boats took refuge in British waters. There was a dramatic development [when the Italian salvage ship Arliglio [ was arrested on its arrival at Ply mouth on June 26 with bullion re I covered from the wreck of the P. and [O. liner Egypt, which was sunk off [Brest during the Great War. The [vessel was arrested under instructions [from the Admiralty Marshal. A war [rant was attached to the mainmast [and the holds were sealed. Commen |datore Quaglia, of the Artiglio, says [ that £180,000 worth of bullion has been raised from the wreck and that nearly £1,000,000 worth remains. A provisional agreement has been made between the Danish Ministry of Public Works and the British firm of Donnan, Long and Company for he construction of a railway and bridge across the strait separating the islands of Zceland and Falster. The cost of the work is estimated at about £2,000,000. The bridge, which will be over two miles long, will be the longest in Europe. A message from Singapore states that King Prajadhipok, of Siani, accepting the terms dictated to him by the newly-formed People's Parly. Without disorder or disturbances of the life of the Siamese capital, a coup 5 d'etat was successfully accomplished and the last remaining absolute mon archy in the world has passed. With Communist members siding jwith the Nazis, the Prussian Diet, on June 26, passed a Bill confiscating the entire property of all East European Tews entering Prussia since August, 1914, and converting it to aid the un employed. The Bill has astounded the Jews, who hope that the central Government will veto it. Another Bill prohibits State theatres from employ ing Jews. Lawrence Francis Healey (18), of Botany-road. Botany, N.S.W., met a terrible death on June 19. Caught in machinery, his leg was horribly torn, and he died in hospital soon after wards. 