News In Brief At the Melbourne City Court 011 June 25, Harold James Russell (26), a mechanic, of Cowpcr-strcct, Foots cray, was charged with triple murder, and remanded without hail till July 1\. The victims were Mrs. Ivy Letitia Russell (27) and two sons—Harold George (3) and Eric ID)—who were drowned in the Sunshine swimming pool an Saturday, June II. A 1,301) dollar suit against Sir Kingsford Smith and his flight com panions by the Abcrcroiubjie Fitch Fashionable Haberdashery Store, U.S.A., lor outfitting the quartet prior to the Atlantic westward flight began on June 27. Ernest Albert Brown (40), clerk, was arrested in Perth on warrant 011 June 25 on a charge that he, on June 23, at Perth, knowingly and fraudulently uttered a false document purporting to be a cheque drawn on the Commonwealth Savings Bank, dated June 20, 1932, for the amount of £14/6/9, and signed Alfred Carson (chairman), Everitt Atkinson (mem ber), and Ernest A. Brown (secre tary). Accused is a well-known figure in Parliamentary circles, being Usher of the Black Rod in the Legislative Council. Five Chicago banks with deposits of ten million dollars, closed on June 25, making the total 33 for June. Runs co-..inued on downtown banks, which were successfully, met. Women faint ed in the crowds withdrawing funds. A spark generated by a magneto near an open underground petrol tank caused an explosion which blew out two plate-glass windows at Hubbard Motors, Grote- street, Adelaide, on June 25. Prompt use of a fire ex tinguisher prevented the building catching fire. The petrol in the tanks ignited. Three men were injured. Vast crowds turned out to welcome Cardinal Lauri, the Papal Legate to the Eucharistic Congress, when be ar rived at Kingstown, where he was re ceived by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the Free State President (Mr. De Valera). Thousands knelt by the roadside in emotional fervour as the Papal Legate passed slowly along a seven-mile route, blessing tlic mul titude. This is the first time in which a Papal LegaSte has landed in Ireland fot 290 years. Allegations of sexual depravity iu State schools made by the State An glican Suqday School organiser (Miss Warren Thomas) have raised a storm in Adelaide. Miss Thomas also said that children in some places not far from Adelaide knew the names of God and Jesus only as swear words. These statements have brought an indignant rejoinder from the Director of Educa tion (Mr. Adey). "The statement that children know the names of God and Jesus only as oaths is a slander on the great majority of children attend ing our public schools" he said. "The moral standard in our schools is of high character, and it is a rare occur rence indeed to have any complaint about thg behaviour of pupils either in or out of schools." At Cuyuthlan, states a messag from Mexico City, a tidal wave swept inland for more than a mile, levelling e\erything in its path. Two brief minor earthquakes preceded the heavy tremor which ushered in the wave and served to rouse the inhabitants, many of whom fled to the beach for safety. There the tidal wave trapped them, sweeping many inland to death or out ward to sea to drown. The shoeing of Archibald CecJI Gibhs (58) outside the Children's Courl 011 June 8 was inquired into by the City Coroner on June 24. Cathe rine O'Byrne (46) who had been re manded on a charge of having mur dered Gibbs, was present. After hear ing tlie evidence the Coroner returned a verdict of death from bullet wounds accidentally received while struggling for the possession of (the revolver, and he discharged O'Byrne. Found guilty in London on June 21 of having killed his wife and two chil then, who were found shot dead at Sigdon Farm, Kingsbridge, on May 7, William Yeoman (50), farmer was declared to be insane and was order ed to be detained. An American plan for the reduction of the armaments of the world—land, sea and air—by nearly one-third was announced simultaneously at Geneva and Washington on June 22. To cur tail the offensive power of land forces, the plan recommends the abo lition of tanks, chemical warfare, and large calibre guns. The British dele gate at the special meeting of the general commission of the Disarma men Conference, before which the Geneva announcement was made, wel comed the proposal; but expressed doubt as to the appropriateness and adequacy of the naval clauses. Hos tility was evident in the French dele gate's comment, but Italy and Ger many expressed complete approval. Japan is opposed to the suggested re duction in capital ships. Damages amounting to £300 were awarded by Mr. Justice Dwyer, the Supreme Court 011 June 23 in the case in which Dr M. O. Gorman liad sued Dr. T. P. Byrne (both of Kal goorlie) on the ground of slander. The hearing of evidence occupied six days but last week a settlement was ar rived at and the case was withdrawn from the jury on the understanding that Dr. Byrne apologised for his con- ' duct and paid all costs of the action. The hearing, at Miami, of a charge against Mrs. Keith Miller, the Aus tralian flyer, that she entered the United States illegally, was postponed on June 24. No intimation was made by the immigration officials when it will be held. In the Melbourne Criminal Court on June 21. a sentence of seven years' imprisonment was imposed on Alfred Gillis £20), labourer, on a charge of having committed an offence against a young woman at Fifzroy on May 22\. Gillis allegedlv attacked the wo man while she was going home from ' a dance. ff= the hcaiuig of a charge of muidc against a soldier named Collins, was opened m I he Aslitord police Court on June _r2. Collins was arrested alter Hie muting ol the dead bodies ol Mrs. Janie iswitt (OaJ, her daughter, Mi jemne ircmayne iteinp (3:iJ, and > eggy (13) a daughter 01 Mrs. tjtemp in mug s Wood, near Cfiallock, Iveni, on June 1-1. All the victims had died irom gunshot wounds. Accused was remanded until J uuc 28. Bclore a crowd of 75,0UU at New \ ork, the American Jack Miarkcy (I4st. 91b-J was awarded the decision over the German, Max Schinelmg (Ust. 61b.J, the holder, in a 15-rouud j contest on June 21 lor the heavy weight boxing championship of the world. The verdict ot the judges has been disputed by the Press. After a desperate attempt to sail the leaking trawler Charlie Cam to Sydney, the master (Captain tj. J. Gibson) was forced to beach the ves sel at Bunga Head, 10 miles north of iathra. Ihe crew of 12 abandon ed the ship and reached shore safely. * ♦ * Ail extraordinary' story of a series of alleged bank thefts by employees was told iti the Sydney Central Police Court on June 22, when Stuart Charles McLean (41) clerk, Prank Phibbs (42), clerk, and Horace John Finn (49), clerk, were charged with having stolen £5,099, the property of the Commercial Banking Co., of Syd ney, Ltd. The three defendants were committed for triaL • • * Suffering from leprosy, a family of five aborigines has been removed from Moreton, near Coen (Queensland) to the Peel Island lazaret- Such a case where all the members of the family are affected with the disease, is re garded as most unusual. Three other natives suffering from leprosy and one suspect are in the Cairns Hospital, and will be transferred to the island shortly. » * * After examining 13,060 carcases of New Zealand lamb and mutton fol lowing their discharge at Avonmouth (England), Dr. Parry, health officer at Bristol, announced that a number of carcases were stained with arsenic which had apparently soaked through from hides stored in the hold above. Many of the carcases were condemned * * * A notorious tobacco smuggler, Louis Lesser, who in 1930 was lined £5,740, or six months' gaol for smuggling a ton of tobacco in bales of waste paper from Antwerp, was fined £15,000 at London on June 24. in default six months' imprisonment, for smuggling another ton in an old tsubmariffe chasqr. Lesser smiled ind winked when the Magistrate re marked, "You probably know the limit of my jurisdiction." • * m The Lucharistic Congress reached its climax on June 26, when an as sembly estimated at a million heard .mass in Phoenix Park (Ireland). Later the Blessed Sacrament was taken in a procession five miles long to an altar on O'ConnclI Bridge in i the ccmtre of the city, where the I Papal Legate pronounced benediction ; upon the multitude. * • • There has been a revival of terror ism in the East Bengal. Early on fune 27 Kamakya Prasad Sen, a spe cial magistrate of Muushinganj (Dacca) was found shot dead ill a room of the house of S. M. Chatter jee, a sub-divisional officer of Wari, whom he was visiting. The assailant entered by a window and shot Sen at close range several times, while he was sleeping, and then escaped. No arrest has been made. Sen is the first Indian magistrate to be killed by the terrorists. » » • 1 1 here was an exciting sequel to the Canton Government's war against rebellious naval craft oil June 26, when a number of Government aero planes began bombing the rebel fleet. Six bombs fell close to H.M.S. Moor hen, being deliberately aimed appa rently under the mistaken belief that she was a rebel Chinese boat. Luckily no injury was done. Fearing further attacks, about a dozen of the rebel boats took refuge m British waters. m * * There was a dramatic development when the Italian salvage ship Artiglio was arrested on its arrival at Ply mouth on June 26 with bullion re covered from the wreck of the P and O. liner Egypt, winch was sunk off Brest during the Great War. The vessel was arrested under instructions from the Admiralty Marshal. A war rant was attached to the mainmast and the holds were sealed. Cominen datore Quaglia, of the Artiglio, says that £180,000 worth of bullion has been raised from the wreck and that nearly £1,000,000 worth remains • * « A provisional agreement has been made between the Danish Ministry of Public Works and the British firm of Dormau, Long and Company for he construction of a railway and bridge across the strait separating the islands of Zeeland and Falster. The cost of the work is estimated at about £-,000,000. The bridge, which will be over two miles long, will be the longest in Europe. * * * A message from 'Singapore states that king Prajadhipok, of Siam, fs accepting the terms dictated to hini by the newly-formed People's Partv. Without disorder or disturbances of the htc of the Siamese capital, a coup I detat was successfully accomplish and the last remaining absolute mc archv in the world has passed. f o * * * | With Communist members sidi I ;v,th l]lc Nazi5- Ihe Prussian Diet June 26. passed a Bill confiscating t entire property of all East Europe lews entering Prussia since Augu 1914 and converting it to aid the u employed. The Bill has astound Ihe Jews, who hope that the centi Government will veto it. Another P prohibits State theatres from cmplo ing Jews. 1 * * » Lawrence Francis Healey (18) tSotanv-road. Botanv. N.S.W met terrible death on June 19. Caught machinery, his leg was horribly tor and he died in hospital soon afte wards. 