Real Prosperity. PRODUCTION AND POPULATION. Bishop of North Queensland Speaks, In an addrcea when opening a church bazaar at Malanda, tho Bishop of North Queensland said: T AM glad to be at Malanda, because I think thepeoplo of this district stand for what Is most rellublo, most solid and .persevering in Australia. The condition of Malanda 1 take as an Index to the. real prosperity . and the real prospects of this country. You are a people who do not allow yourselves. to. be carried away by the excitement of a boom, nor to be downcast, by the dulling influences of a slump. You do not rush into wild extravagance in times of plenty,, and you do not. descend into thei dumps when tim«s are bad. You preserve the -ven tenor of your way. Most of the pastoral and agricul tural Industries of Australia, not to mention our mining activities, suffer from furious booms and violent reactions.. Even. Governments aro sometimes foolish enough to buy at boom prices and hang a heavy debt round the neck or the people.. Think of the enormous losses, of the Statu cattle stations. Individuals' are often equally rush. I remember the boom of new wheat- lands in N.S. Wales 25 years ago. Land ? in my district changed) hands two or three; times a week. ?: I have known prices to rise from 10/- an acre to £5 an acre for the same laud In a fortnight: The people who bought these farms were gambling. They did not mean to make homes, they were! going to raise per haps two or three crops, or perhaps none at all, and sell out. at the top of the boom and go and live in a city, ludustries that are subject to manipu lations of that kind suffer for many years. They have been overcapital ised, and the: people who try to carry on when the- boom is past cannot get clear of debt. The tobacco industry was in danger or a similar fate, when Mr. Lyons very wisely reduced the tariff on im ported tobacco from 5/2 to 3/- a 1b. Kveu so, the rate of expansion encour aged by higli prices Is too rapldi, and the disposal of next year's crop will be a diiilcult matter. Once .export on a large scale Is necessary, down go tho prices and the people who have been deluded into buying tobacco lands at ;i fancy figure go down too, with a bump. The bigger the boom, the worse the slump. But you people do not boom .and you do not slump. You art .doing steady honest work at a moderate price all the time. You depend upon a modest, unemotional, steady-going, eelf-possEssed creature — In fact, the cow. The cow is not going to be Hurried; she will not be carried away by excitement. She refuses to be in volved, la a boom, but she delivers her six to 10 quarts of milk a day, and she produces from 31b. to Gib. of butter a week. The average Queens land cow produces 1451b. of butter p.a,; the average Danish cow, 2991b. p.a. The Danish farmer rugs and feeds and stalls his cows, also he carefully culls his herds. Some farm ers .here are beginning ^to lavish similar attentions on their Jcowa. This afternoon I heard of a Malanda cow who yields as much as 21b. of butter a day! But that cow is not going to jump over the moon. Neither that cow nor her owners are going to lose: their heads because of her splendid productivity. They are not going to boom and sell out; they are going to continue butter-making in a business like manner, and home-making at the same time. That brings me to the most import ant feature in th« life of the dairying people. They do not Intend to sell out and: go off to a city; they Intend to remain on the land and make homes. In the 30th verse of . the 21st chapter of the book of Genesis it is written that Abraham digged a well in Beersheba, and three verses latsr, that he planted a grove of trees. Abraham was thinking of his family and the race that was to spring from his oins. Ho wnft nrnvldlnir Pnr iht- future. The well and the trees would go on serving the needs of his children and grandchildren andi his more remote desrondants long after he was dead. He had no intention of selling out and going back to a city. Ik- was not scheming for luxury in Ur of the Chaldees. He wa6 founding a race of pastoral and agricultural people. That also is the proper role of Australians. We know quit« well that our huge overgrown cities are a great mistake. They exist because of our high tariffs agflinst manufactured articles. You may protect a second ary industry , for a few years, but you must not go on protecting it If you do, you will Injure everybody else, and particularly the man on the land; and in the long run you will ruin the: country. The man on the land is reliable, and so is the cow — you must encourage both of them. You people believe in the future of your country; you are making homes; you are digging wells and planting trees and shaping farms. You are the mainstay of the whole population, and-honest politicians are well aware of that/and they are determined to ste that you get a fair deal. Politicians of other kinds arc also aware of it, while they spend loan money in bribes to city voters, but they know that In the long run, or even after a. very short run, they will be looking to the: farmer and the cow to get them, out of debt. In spite o£ the unfair burdens thrust on to the rural population, the dairying people are making headway. Thei production of butter 'in' millions of pounds avoir dupois in Queensland during tho last six years has been:— 63, 51, 72, 77, ?78, 97. . That shows a steady advance. And the export value: of 100 million lb. of butter is about £7,000,000 ster ling. ? Qf course, we eat a good deal of it; at home, but the total value of dairy; exports last year for Australia . was about £13,000,000. That can be tripled and. quadrupled. In the next few years the export value of Aus tralia's dairy produce might well reach £50,000,000 per annum, and a third, of that, perhaps a half of It, might go from Queensland. Wool, 'wheat, and beef have all slumped badly. Let usj hope' they will recover. Improved; world conditions- and re stored purchasing power would soon pull them up. But butter has not .slumped,, and we may hope that It will not. One ground of our hope- that we may keep well to the front In this Industry ie that we have, without doubt, the most favorable conditions for dairying in the whole world. A great part of Australia's trouble to-day arises from the fact that she has been afraid of immigrants, hoping to preserve a very limited paradise of high wages and expensive living for a few people-. We ought to have had by now ft population of 20,000,000, giving us a blg;lnternal- market., Let. ...the. Government', throw, open more.-.lanu and we shall again be able to' welcome migrants. Get the line of. steamers ? from London through Torres . Straits to Queensland ports re-established Let the steamers run to Sydney. The Eastern side of Australia 'Will give ' them plenty of freights a.nd the jour ney home from' Queensland' will be shortened by more ? than., a- thousand mllee. And remember- that with in creased population, down goes. your share of the national debt and up goes the learning power of your railways and your telegraph system. Give, -us a land population, and : o'ur railway' deficit would soon disappear.- and there would bo'/ ai hapxl6'6rne_bala,|ice.', on the right side, /fhesc things- have ; been said before, -but.1 we:- must say them again because they are true, and our future depends upon action taken; on these'. truths. ? \ 