OF INTEREST TO FARMERS The wholesale pi'.cv of butter 'ist week in Perth was: Bulk 1/41 cash with order; 1/54 booked; Pats 1/4S (cash), 1/53 booked. Tightening the Reins:—August the first was a distinctly momentous date in regard to the dairying industry in this State, as on that date in regard to the dairying industry of-this- State, as on that date, the dairying branch of the Agricultural Department ordained that the industry had become sufficiently established in this State to justify more explicit and definite grading as far as the quality of the cream received by the different factories was concerned. Hitherto it has been deemed adequate and sufficient to grade cream into two qualities— first and second. But from and after August 1st three grades have been laid down as mandatory. That is to say "choicest" has been set apart aa being worthy of definite recognition and extra payment. For some time there has been a distinct and definite feeling that those dairymen who aimed at producing "choicest" cream only, were entitled to more financial recognition than those who were satisfied with a lower grade. It was felt that the provision of consistent "choicest" quality entailed more work, a higher standard of cleanliness and hygiene all round, and furthermore more frequent transport to the factories, and therefore more expense. The opinion was expressed that the industry would never be lifted onto a higher plane until those farmers who were aim- ing at the highest grade of efficiency were paid a little extra as compared to those who were satisfied with less exacting standards. Frequent representations were made to the Department to this effect and the matter was materially advanced by one factory which consistently paid more for "choicest" cream and claimed that the resultant advantage as regards quality of butter fully justified this departure in practice as compared to the trade generally. On» the other hand it was stated that the other factories were deterred from following this example owing to the alteration to their systems of book keeping which would be involved, to say nothing of the losses in stationery already printed, and losses which would be incurred in other ways. However, the Department ordained that the change should be made and ipso facto the new order is in existence. One of the consequences from the new departure will naturally be the desire of all dairymen to secure the highest return for their cream, and, therefore, it may be predicted with reasonable certainty that there •will be a general notching up in efficiency, and cleanliness on the part of those who perhaps, hitherto, have not been as keen as they might have been. From now on the pocket will be directly touched if anything but the best is supplied. No'dramatic change for the better is instituted in any walk of life without difficulties having to be encountered, and overcome. and it may be taken for granted that this will be no exception to the Tule. In view of the general interest which this advance will occasion the Act and Regulation governing the change may with advantage be quoted as follows:— The Dairy Industry Act provides: Section (1) The manager of every dairy, produce factory shall grade, or cause to be graded, according to quality, all cream which is supplied to him, and in manufacturing butter therefrom shall keep apart and not blend or mix either as cream*' or butter the various grades thereof. It shall not be compulsory to grade cream in more than three qualities: The regulations under the Act provide: Section 26. Cream supplied to a dairy produce factory for the manufacture of butter shall be .classified as follows:—. No 1—Untainted, being superfiine, or choice grade. No. 2—Inferior, being first grade. No. 3 — Tainted, being second grade or under. Untainted cream shall be free from all taints, from whatever source arising, and have a smooth and even texture. Inferior cream shall be cream affected by food flavour, slightly physical, biological, or chemipal flavour, by (an ; odour absorbed from any substance which is not of an unclean or putrescent nature, or by a combination of any of these. Tainted cream shall be a cream <a) affected by. an advanced physical, . chemical or absorbed taint, or by an advanced biological taint which .has.not reached the putrescent stage, or by <b) cream in which are any flies or vermin or any other nature whatsoever. Chatting to a representative of this paper Mir. Landholm, the manager of the Boyanup Butter Company stated that naturally so dramatic a change as regards the industry generally would take a little time in adjusting itself to the circumstances of the industry and' the special and particular problems of the South- West. The difficulties, along the Great Southern would not be as great as they were here. In the Great Southern pastures there was no subterranean clover, or so little of it as not to affect the issue and therefore in that district there was practically no -clover taint. But in the South-West, particularly during four mpnths of the year, the clover taint in the butter was a problem that could not be ignored. It was to lie .assumed that the Department 'woidd -realise this difficulty or othervise if the rejrulatioofl were sfcricHy j enforced unquestionably during the j period of the year under review, most of the South Western cream j would not come up to the requisite [standard of quality as laid down by ! the Act. Doubtless, however, the -same reasonablness which had al-' ways characterised the Department; in its attitude to the industry would i be continued, and the difficulty would' be overcome in such gradual stages that there would be no hardship entailed upon anyon?. . Feed flavour was to an extent wipeir with by pasteurisation; but this, notwithstanding, in the spring time the flavour imparted by subterranean clover could still be detected,, and visitors from the East invariably mentioned the taste which was imparted to our butter in consequence of our pastures being practically confined to this one particular kind of clover. The clover taint could be .neutralised to some extent by cooling the cream at the farm and he thought those farmers who did not cool their cream would be well advised to adopt this course. In cooling the cream it was at the same time aerated to some extent, and this treatment percepibly neutralised the flavour. One or two other experts in the South-West discussing the matter of the clover taint which was such a feature in the South-Western butters during the clover season, remarked that the action of the Department would automatically result in the long run in chose, factories which were not equipped with flash pasteurisers installing this latest adjunct to factory efficiency. The Manjimup factory W*J for instance UWVH1U.V had "»« a «* uuou flash pas— teuriser and as a consequence it was j noticeable that the buter made in that factory carried the clover taint much less than the factories which were equipped with the old fashioned pasteurisers. The Caped Butter Factory:—During the course of a conversation during the week with a well-known Capel resident a representative of this paper was informed that as a result of the opening of the Capel butter factory, and the rapid extension of its operations the demand for housing accomodation at Capel I was greater than the supply There is not an empty house at Capel at the present time, and several married men are looking for houses for their wives and families. There is no question, remarked our informant, as to the benefit' which the factory has been to Capel, and I may add you can take it from me that the factory, and all that it stands for Is increasingly appreciated by the people of Capel and the surrounding district." Trade Impediments:—From time to time in these columns reference has been made to the unsettled state of affairs on the continent of Europe and the very depressing effect that the quota system, total prohibitions, and other fiscal abominations were having on the butter market in London. In this respect it is interesting to note that in a letter received this week from England the general opinion was that the unsatisfactory; condition of that market 0f was w,,,' colour solely due to the causes above mentioned. It was stated that the system in vogue of quotas, high tariffs, and also the question of differences in currency all militated against the free circulation of the outputs of the various butter-producing countries. The case of Danish butter was a 'striking instance in this connection. Owing to the restrictions into France Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, and more particularly into Germany, larger quantities than usual of these descriptions were pressed for sale on the British market, with the result that during five weeks quotations fell from 104/ to 84/ per cwt.-f.o.b., the latter being the equivalent with 10 per cent, import duty added to 96/ London. This f.o.b. quotation was the lowest on record-since June, 1928. • . .Although not to the same exfent: this decline naturally Iwais reflected, in the value of Australian and New Zealand butters , on the English market. Buyers^ appeared to have lost confidence in that market, and ".being fully satisfied -that ample supplies would be available for some time to come would not operate in excess of their immediate requirements. Cows. Need a Rest:—Cows give better returns if given a rest. One cow in the Iowa (U.S.A.) College herd produced 6261b. of butter fat in one year. She was given an eight weeks' rest and produced 6531b. of fat the next year. Following this lactation she had only two weeks' rest and produced only 379 lb. of fat, a decrease of 274 lb. After that she again had a two months' rest, and gave 553 lb. of butter fat. The Other Side, of the Picture:— So much evidence has been made available as to the difficulties under Which the settlers Ija the South-West are labouring owing " to the low price levels, and the conditions under which dairymen are being asked to live, that it comes as a pleasant change to hear the other side. It may be remarked in this connection that the recent Dairying Commission, if it served no other useful purpose, at least served as a safety valve, which enabled a number of more or less disgruntled men to get rid of a good deal of discontent, which must have been impairing their digestion somewhat. After this some of them will perhaps get down to work. Mr. W. R. Shaw a dairy farmer of Harvey was one of the men who were not discontented. He stated that he was born in Scotland and migrated to the dairying districts of Canada. He was an in- ptructor on a State Farm in Canada ! in 19li ;. Canada subiidis^d farmers pound for pound on silage, and got the money back through the increased export of produce. In his opin- *on the bull subsidy scheme in operation in this State should be modified. A man should not be debarred from keeping the breed for which he has a liking. On his farm he had not used one pound of concentrates He had 340 acres, some of which were irrigated. In his opinion the settlers needed to be educated in pasture improvement. He found no difficulty in producing butter-fat at present prices and made the work pay handsomely, and there was - no reason why his neighbours should not do the same. His farm cost him £15 per acre, and he had paid in terest on the purchase price, which had not been less than 7 percent, until lately. He had been doirig that on 100 acres. Settlers should: 1 """ go in for small paddocks to be grazed over for about two hours in thetmorning; after which the stock should hie shut out. TK& pastures shotrtfl be t&pdressed; and harrowed. " Working along those lines most of the farms in the district could be improved 100 per cent. Rotational grazing was the secret of pasture , management. Australians, who could be trusted, constituted the finest material foT dairying. They should educate the girls and boys in rural schools so that they would be fitted for their" life's work. Lectures apropos of the industry should be given them. That would be the solution of the difficulty to a great extent The future of the successful settlement of the land largely in the training of the children. In reply to questions Mr. Shaw said last year he received £1,300 for whole milk and butter-fat. He was paying £10 off his principal every month. He did not consider that he worked hard. Farm management in this country was so simple, as compared to Canada where it was necessary to hand feed stock. He considered that there was land here equal to anything in Bacchus Marsh. He had been on his holding five J> years, Vttl J, and OUU he UC was ITOO confident W1M1UVI1V. V that he could continue to make it pay, Something to Ruminate Over: — A cow slaughtered by a butcher at Leigh, Lancashire (Eng.) contained eighteen articles weighing 41b. 3oz., which included a long file, . chisels, bolts and nails. Bad ^ Tobacco Unwanted: —I read ^ ^ Merest" your comment last week to the effect that the Department of Agriculture is largely responsible for the plight of the tobacco dry" wfth growers, "their who last "yLrT are left crop! high and te- ^ th were left to flonnder in the drak * over this adventure while other avenues of agriculture are safeguarded and directed by Government experts. This is so, only the best tobacco is saleable to-day writes a correspondent. Bad tobacco is at present a drug on the Australian market; no manufacturer wants it at any price. At the recent auction sales in Melbourne only 45 per cent, of the dark leaf offered was sold, for the .rest not a bid was made; and an. Average of less than 2/ per lb. was reached for all that was sold. Growers are grumbling about the prices, yet surely they must see that high prices for low grade leaf will do them no good, particularly at a time when the best foreign leaf can be landed in Sydney for 7d. per lb. No amount of protection will m s * ke people smoke what they do not want;but if Australian growers conld^ produce a good article they would nave no difficulty m selling leaf, and Ultimately the necessity for importing would automatically cease. The fact that Victorian and N.S.W. growers are already finding it difficult to find a market for their dark leaf, much of which is unsuitable for smoking at all, is a fair criterion of what manufacturers think of it. Sex Inheritance:—Carefully compiled private herd records in Sweden have shown that the normal ratio _ of male calvfes born was"l06.2" to every j 100 females, with no significant var-( iation in this respect between the several* breeds that were studied, This ratio checks very closely with data secured by American cattle breeders under official supervision. The Kojonup-AiLany District^ Tb-i Director of Agriculture, Mr. G. Sutton, has made available th-. l'oiowing report received from the Superintendent of Dairying. Mr. G. h. 3aron-Hay, who recently visited the] Kojonup, Muradup, Tunney, Cran-; brook, and Albany districts p.nd ut zach centre—by the request < f. the local Farmers' Organisations—deli?-'. hese areas. * j It is not generally realised that { the production of butter in districts of 20 inches and less of rainfall has increased approximately twofold during the last 2 years and that 18' per cent, or approximately one-fi^h j of the dairy cows are found in these j areas. ' , As indicating the increased production in the districts mentioned above, that of Cranbrook may be cited. In 1929, 500 cam of cream were despatched from that station, in 1930 5,000, and ixi 1931 ll.OgO^ while at present 100 cans' of" cream per week are despatched from the Cranbrook Railway Station. As far as records are available, the production of butter in these areas is approximately one-eigth of the total production for the State, indicating that the dairy cdws in these dry areas only produce 60 per cent, of the production of those in dairying districts proper. This difference in production is regarded to be due almost entirely to the lack of ample provision of fodder and not to the climatic conditions, as several of the leading herds in the Pure Breeds Herd Recording Scheme are situated in districts with less than 20 inches rainfall, such as the herds of Messrs G. Burgess, York; A. W. Padbury, Koojan; H. Herbert, Nungarin; and T. H. Wilding, Mokine. The attitude of farmers generally, stock throughtheuse ofpurebred j e r e n sires K W t e * ; £ P * f - \ h vera! years ago. Evidence in se- i veral centres was not lacking to show the great influence on production an outstanding sire will have on the dairy stock in its immediate vicinity, and several farmers have been assisted under the Bull Subsidy Scheme in replacing undesirable sires with pure bred bulls ex tested dams. The recent Dairy Farm Competition indicated very clearly that even in sdairying districts the weakest point in the system of farmng was fodder conservation, the average fodder conserved by the leading dairy farmers being 1.3 tons per cow, while the seven leading farmers conserved 2.6 tons or exactly twice the tonnage of fodder per cow. An even more important factor will be played by fodder conservation in these dry areas. Farmers state that good crops of Sudan . Grass can be relied upon in the districts mentioned, but the provision, of silage either as stacks or preferably in trenches is recommended, the fodder conservation aimed at being 3 tons silage and II tons hay per cow. The outstanding feature, of the condition of stock in all these districts is the lack of mineral inatter, particularly phosphoric acid in the <iiet of dairy cfljvs. Tjhe past,, "bier being- particularly long lia 7 suited in almost all dairy stock in these areas' suffering from acute mineral deficiency, and herds were seen where digestive troubles, partial sterility, and impaired production were apparent and no doubt due to such deficiency. The mineral supplement recommended is Di- calcic Phosphate which may be obtained as t a lick from the leading Fertiliser firms. A minimum of 4 ounces of lick per cow should be supplied in l the feed • during the dry summer months. Stack Ensilage:—During the week , representative - of this paper had t „ - - , „ theopportunity of meeting a number of farmers who discussed at length the problems of the immediate mo-lj ment as affected by * the low price rate now ruling, which by' the way it was interesting to note, was accepted as more or less indicating the standard which might be expected to apply to the next decade at least. It was pointed out that there might of course be a slight varia* tion. The Ottawa conference might operate to advantage in this respect, but the price rate would stfll be low, and it would be the yrorst policy in ifce world to lay' down any other! ' uolicy than that which would have ! • prices as the ruling factor. That 1 being so there -was a consensus of j opinion ,ta$t conservation of fodder was one of the most urgent pro- j tlems for the coming season. On j sides ensilage and still more en- j rilage is- being talked, and the opinion was expressed by many settlers( possibly ten times' the ensilage laid down but for the ] fact that the unexpected heat ofj fcarly October upset all calculations j ,made with the idea of taking advan-[c tage of that month for silage making. This year as little will be left to chance in this regard as possible, . Tattooing Black Pigs:—Although ; there is no great fortune offering for the discovery of a satisfactory ink for tattooing the ears of black pigs, anyone who finds a successful substance will earn the gratitude of pig . breeders all over the world. * The Boyanup Butter Factory:— There is no doubt that whatever may be said to the contrary the proprietary butter factories, established at Boyanup and elsewhere in the South- West have come to stay. They are establishing wide connections, giving satisfaction to their patrons, and extending their plants and possibilities. The improvements effected during the winter months to the Boyanup factory have now been completed and have thoroughly mo- so- as to ensure an equable tem durf the the dernised that unit. The other day a representative of this paper had the opportunity of inspecting the changes made and there is no question that the plant is now on a far different footing to when it was established. The building itself . has been transformed, and is now partially of brick with cement facing, the balance being of asbestos sheetg j o t weather. The ceiling has been converted „ „ TOlHw1 frnrrl from the original flat Aa de _ sign to one of more modem construction. leading to a louvred roof, ensuring light and ventilation. Right throughout higiene and efficiency have been considered, and there is no question that the factory as . installed to-day, comes up to a hieh standard of lactorv remiirements A S u S ^ d L u ^ K h ^ S ™e kt-' St £S teen^nstellS the enSrplant has teTEd u! so that it o? coping with an output of 20 tons ai week as the reason advances to its , . season advances to its £? k - * de< I ua £ e cool-room able of .holding about 12 tons has been put in. The insulation of this room is very thorough and the addition of adequate cool storage should be of material advantage to the enterprise. The factory has a 12 ton freezer, the power being supj , . „ en w ^ T ^ r Mfr^iii plied by a 50 horsepower l ? Marshall: Marshall U t and 1a ™ 60 horsepower r i Z L boiler, t ^ ? S f f S f S r S t T^m the factory which is undertheper-' sonal supervision of Mr. Lindholm is so situated as to be m touch ^ t h every Department of the enterprise. North Queensland Tobacco:—I notice that you have of late devoted a considerable amount of space to the ttpsition of tobacco growers in the West, comments a ~ correspondent f from the Balingup district. It may, be of interest to your readers to know that I recently had a letter from Queensland in which it was stated that the representatives of practically every manufacturer in Australia are chasing growers in the Mareeba district to sell, and prac- ^ ically all this season's leaf has been sold ' at rates ranging up to 4/ "per b. ; lot has yet failed to find a buyer. Texas growers who sent their leaf to Brisbane recently experienc- ,^ ^ utmost difficui t y in selling, t this leai was some of the best a U-own in this State for many years.' g Ujrers offered 1/6 per lb for it ajt auction, but this did not reach the. growers' reserve. Subsequently it. was sold at an unstated price by! private treaty. | But I am equally confident that once suitable soil is found here, and the quality demanded by discrimin- J ating smokers is produced, the Mareeba challenge will be adequately answered. The facts remain that growers In this State have really never had a chance to produce good leaf; that the Department of Agriculture has never had the knowledge or the expert advice which would enable it to tell growers that they were produring something that manufaeturers did not, want; and that the Department has too long delayed searching for suitable soils. Growers and officials alike have' awakened to these facts as the resuit of this season's hard experience.- In another five years we may pos- J sibly be where Mareeba stands to-" day, on -the threshold of a wonderful j money-making industry. The timej has come, however, when tobacco . growers should demand the "dinkum, oil" about their industry, and not t listen to' the vaporings of botanists' and scientific workers. , The proof 6f the "fag" is in the smoke it produces, and if smokers "will not smoke gaspers made from West Australian grown leaf, it is time that growers woke up to the fact and either change their crop or try to grow something that the publie really wants. < , I Porcine Population:—Last year ^ Denmark admitted Having 5,473,000 pigs, an increase of 292,000 or 6 per . cent increase over the previous yea v. | The Cost, of Production:—Mr. J. Dixon, an Agricultural Bank Inspoc- ; tor, stationed at Pinjarra, states - that the Bank's properties were rc-jm valued in 1926. Butter-fat and all such-like products had gradually j been failing in value since, hence, the returns had not been equal to f the anticipations of that time. To' balance this an increase of, revenueproducing stock, entailing- expense'h to increase, feed, and carry it, has t w been necessary. On most holdings; the stock and production of butter-J fat had been increased. It could as : c a consequence be taken as almost general that the value of products is. now approximately what was es-} timated in 1926, notwithstanding the "drop'in prices. Had working ex-j penses dropped in the same nropor-, tion. and at the same rate, thisposition would have been arrived at sooner. Super and other manures; ' were either very little or no cheaper. Machinery and fencing, wire re-; iruch the same as then.' estimate any time ahead what the returns from farining were likely to be owing to mar-" ket fluctuations and the uncertainty, of the seasons, although the latter onditions could be counter balanced to some extent by the conservation' of fodder. It should be fairly safe j to assume, however, that with the, exception of butter-fat most farm products are at bed-rock at the present time. But, a still further fall in' butter-fat prices appeared to foe not impossible as the proportion of butter exported was increasing. j As far as butter, bacon, and whole ^ milk are concerned, "there appeared - to be too big a margin where the • price paid to the farmers was com- j pared to that;charged to-the con-j sumer. A fanner without capital-had to pay a big price for credit. Take; Super, for instance, with a cash < price of £4/10/ and £4/15/ for; thirty days terms, whilst ataut 8j per cent, was charged for longer ] periods based on the £4/15/ per ton.' The farmer had to finance his bus-] iness almost a year ahead. The ma- ( mire which he buys will not give any j return within three months, and thej full benefit is not obtained for 12 months. All a farmer's requirements,' manure, machinery and parts, fenc-| ing wire, etc., are sold to him at a fixed price which shows a profit to' the manufacturer, agent, or store-j Bfeeper,'whilst for his products he Hks no control over their selling price' ahd had to take whatever is offered | in the open market, irrespective of j what the costs of production have j been. Handling costs such as rail-; way freights, and selling cimmis- • sions, are at the same rate whether j he is showing a loss on the cost of] production or otherwise. J As the value of his products de-| pends mainly on the price in other] parts of Australia and abroad, it is! a Position wliich appears impossible to overcome, unless it, is possible to fe a rice for P all produce used for home consumption; or otherwise, farmers do more amongst themf l - - regards co- operation-and ^ their own P" ces ! - „ . , r „ ^ FArm Management:—Mr. Dixon said he was of the opinion that a man on a property developed to carry 14 to 15 cows in a satisfactory manner should pay living and all ordinary working expenses, with the exception of liability on borrowed money (unless this be" a small amoun t > when it could be done) and w pod, mw hat cow over nvnr and and above above this this t number should chnnM aUow allow for the nav- w ent of £8 to £10 towards interest dr reduction of mortgage. It was impossible to lay down a hard and \- ^ ruIe ^ it depended largely to what extent a was helped by w family. At present prices a cow should give an average of £11 a year f r °n» hutter-fat, and the value of calves ior th^ season average £1/10/ e r cow. Many settlers got much less ttan th l ? » nd he observed that ^? quality of the cows _ supplied was chiefly blamed for the losses m this respect. The main reasons in his °Pmon were.(1) Insufficient and unsuitable food. (2) cows are not handled and milked in a proper manner (children and irregular hours), < 3 > Calves are dropped too late and S et the best results from natural; succulent feed.^ ^4) Owing_to T in-; growth from Majrto August, cows aie l o w condition when they calve, which means that their constitution generally has to be buUt up t the expense of milk production, A poorly developed calf is also droplF^- which is detrimental to the fat^e herd, _ Too Much Land:—'Other causes oj. the position of many soldier strtlers and bank clients is the holding of tv c much land on which ratvs, land tax, cost of fencing, and interest on money borrowed to purchase or fence, has to be paid, whilst no return or very little, is derived from' it, said Mr. Dixon. Again; even on smaller holdings, a big expense is! often undertaken to clear an area of - land, and it is not developed as re-j gards grassing and sub-dividing to ( obtain maximum results, before more labour is expended on a fur- j ther area. Wiith the consequence-' that none of it is farmed to give the] best results. Small areas of the best land should be concentrated on,' and where the area exceeds that ne-j cessary for a - self- contained farm | capable of carrying, say 40 cows when developed, it should be dispos- ] ed of. j ; Cream Quality Controls Butter, Quality.:—Our knowledge of butter 1 manufacture has increased greatly: during the last few years—the most] efficient machinery, churns, pasteur-: isers, coolers, and cream vats have ' been developed—but the quality of the original cream is still the con-, trolling factor of butter quality,! writes H. D Barlow in the South j Australian "journal of Agriculture.". Although present-day methods of! treatment can be expected to (and; in fact do) prevent rapid deterioration after treatment, we are unable to so rejuvenate or alter the quality j that a good butter can be manufactured from an inferior cream, ! A Spanish Settlement:—A corres-1 pondent from the Busselton district states that the other day he had occasion to go to the Spanish settle-' ent at Yongerillup, situated about! 15 miles from Busselton^ in the Abba Sabina area, and he thought that it would; be as well if other people were a little better informed as to what these Spaniards are doing, and the gallant fight which they ave made to ^tablish themselves ithout any assistance whatever—in. this way, he comments, they seem to . have succeeded in making an uncons- 1 ious commentary upon the settlers! we |)ave unsuccessfully endeavoured' ' , -place on the land; although we j have surrounded them with advice, and financial help which the Spanlards had to do without. Some years | ago about a dozen families of Span-]r ^ J ^ ^ e m s e l v e s or. their thlt ^ ^ ^hl Vln ^ f K t ^ the reason tfhy they settled where they did was because the land was considered worthless and ' was, therefore, available to them at a very cheap price. At any fate while others, considered the Jand of no account, to the Spaniards it seemed a golden opportunity to acquire properties of their own. But there was a difference in the attitude of the he Spaniards Rnaniarrfs to tn that t.w of of the settlers coh-w= b which h i <* ^ tried tri^a to to put on nn the tho land in ir, r the group settlements. The Spaniards had not the slightest thought of "polling" upon anybody and furthermore they were not afraid of o ork. They took their coats off, and, got to it, and to-day a result of; their years of effort, they have quite comfortable homes and appear to be quite well pff, Certainly they make no complaints. They planted vineyards and have reaped the result of W their industry and enterprise. Their children are on the way to becoming excellent Australians. They have come under our standards of education and while some of their elders speak English with difficulty, the children speak just as well as our swn. ' y Sows:—Young sows are regular diets from the time they are weaned/ The foods given should be such as produce flesh and bone without stimualting o r leading to apid growth and development. If this course be adopted the young W . I h " a T ^ell-formed bodies, be strong and active and quite capable of producing healthv S P motrenv These ™ sows become domesticated, tame and easily handled in times of sickness. When gestation is goirnr on the same judicious feeding is necessary. Sties should be speciall - fitted up for farrowing, chopped straw being provided with which the sow may instinctively prepare her ^ ed tut™ a estless, nervou? and upset X n farrowing comes on, by being put into a strange stv with unfamiliar surroundingsf Thfs mav entS serius loss. * Local Control Urged:—Mr. W. W. Vickery. the officer in charge of The group settlements in the. Busselton district states that he has always held the opinion that the Southest possesses distinct problems from the wheat belt, and should be subject to separate control. Conditions were entirely different in this province. He suggested that there should be decentralised control. He agreed that a board comprising the superviser, a representative of the settlers and a representative successful farmer in the district might assistance in deciding ques- put on a better business basis. At times head office over-ruled the recommendations which wfere made by those who were on the spot. In those circumstances the position of the local officials was adversely affected and' in consequence they did not get the results they should get from the settlers. The officials on the spot for instance might now that a man had not milked his cows by ten o'clock in the morning but unless they were supported they could not do anything. There were too many settlers who would be good workers under the direction of masters, but who were hopeless without that direction. This matter was under the consideration, of the Department and he had discussed the question with the Premier. If he, personally, were jgiven a free hand to deal with men jof that typ he would control the whole of their revenue. He would take over the whole of the direction, map out a programme of work, take the revenue from all sources, and limit the expenditure. Under the existing conditions they averaged ninety settlers per inspector; an inpector could visit four or five settlers every day and map out a programme for a month in advance. Italian Potato Growers:—A correspondent writing from Waroona states that the Italians may be despised by some Australians, on account of their nationality, but it would seem that in one particular at least the Italian^ in the Waroona district are to be warmly commended. They are not afraid of hard work, and furthermore they are not afraid of launching out for themselves and gradually carving their way to independence. Among the Australians the majority of the unemployed fall back upon the Government to find them work and seem perfectly impotent to do anything themselves. If the Australians are open to criticism in this respect the imported immigrants from England seem ten times more useless. The Italians, however, view matters differently. Evidently the Italian Government has taught them to have more backbone. Anyway several groups of them have taken on areas of suitable country for potato grow? ing, and have cleared the land on condition that they should have the right to put in a crop of potatoes. If anyone were to make such a suggestion to the average Australian he would wonder if the other fellow was all right in his head. But the Italians not only enter into such con- (Coijtinvsd on Pa^e 6) FARMING NOTES j ; | (Continued irom Page 1) tracts cheerfully, but what is more they appear perfectly satisfied with the results. The country tackled inh some instances is "paper bark" land \ which is another way of saying that! the clearing could not be more diffi-1 cult or arduous. Italians have just ( cleared about 8 acres of paper barkj land JU„— belonging .... .... to Mr. + Fitzgerald TA and t put them under potatoes. To make this venture successful the Italians show that they are not only not afraid to work and work hard but they get down to the job in the most workmanlike way. They work night and day and seem to think nothing of the arduous clearing involved. They pitch their camps right in the middle of the job they intend to do and just slog into it. The same applies to burning off. They keeti their fires going night and day. Our men similarly situated, remarks our correspondent, think it more manly to accept two days work a week. Australian Tobacco:—Anyone who knows Knows anything anyming about auuuv auouauni Australian w- tobacco and the condition of the trade m Great Britain will question the] suggestion that the CommonwealthJ could compete against America, Tur key, Egypt and South Africa on the home market states an Australian expert after travelling through Australasia. At the present time over 16,000, 000 lb. of Nysaland and Rhodesian tobacco, suitable for manufacture into tobacco, suitable for manufacture' into cigarettes, is lying in Dond in Liverpool and London, unsaleable This tobacco, grown by blacks, is unsaleable even at 1/ per lb., and is equally entitled to the 2/ per lb. preference extended to Empire-produced leaf as would be Australian leaf grown by whites. How could Australian producers hope to compete on an even footing with this leaf, even if its quality were in any way comparable? It is generally agreed that fluecured Australian tobacco costs at least 1/ per lb. to produce and market, yet the top price offered for the South African leaf in London was 1/ per lb. Even the highest grades of Rhodesian leaf are at present unsaleable, and it must be admitted by anyone with the slightest knowledge of the tobacco trade that our leaf is in no way to be compared with such produce. Too Much Land:—Chatting to a representative of this paper during the course of the week a visiting dairy expert, - . who has just travelled very carefully over the South-West remarked that he had been greatly impressed with the possibilities of the district." In fact he remarked the progress of the South West from a dairying point of view is only in the beginning. One fact which impressed m e right throughout was 'that whilst without exception, the men engaged on the industry are attempting to conduct their operations on excessively large areas. Oi course a number of factors are responsible for this state of things, but there is no getting away from the fact that from an economic point OJ vi ew — a nd economics now govern all classes of industry—large areas arc a distinct handicap because they ar. a bar to high efficiency. The result in most cases is that large quantities of feed go to waste, and wherv ring-barking has been carried out, and not followed up much of the country is rapidly reverting to its former state. As a matter of fact in this instance, the last state is worse than the first. Speak'ing by and large, of the South West, it may "be asserted without fear of contradic tion that thousands of acres of ringharked land now carry millions ol suckers, some of them being from 10 to 12 feet high, while others might rather be described as young trees. If these are left a few years longer, the cost of clearing will be greater than it was originally. With the price of butter-fat at its present low level, dairymen are finding it ^difficult, i. not impossible, to cope with the position of financing the expenditure incidental to these large areas, ano many of them will either be ultimately forced to let a "proportion of then holdings lapse into unproductiveness, or else they will be compelled to pui a portion of their lands on the market and work smaller areas more efficiently. Could Not Spare the Time.—Dur ing the course of my trip I drew the attention of a number of dairymen to the way in which their properties were drifting, and I was struck with the general trend of the replies which I received, remarked the visitor. Oi course, the statements were dressed ir. different language according to the temperament of the man speaking but for the main they were to the effect that they were carrying too much land to be effectively coped with by the farmer himself; that he could not spare the time to go over the suckers with an axe, and he certainly could not afford to pay others to do the work. I think I can fairly accurately predict that the present state of affairs may last a little longer, and then in the natural oilier of things it will carry its own remedy in that the farmers will realise the position, and there will be a general movement towards the subdivision of those farms which are 'straining the resources of their holders. The smaller revenues which are now being realised, and the need for reducing overhead costs will automatically effect a change. At the same time I think that some expansion in the case of the smallei Jierds will result from the lowering in the price of cattle which are now coming closer to the profitable stage. One thing can be said distinctly in favour of the South Western dairyman, as against the dairymen of New South Wales and Victoria, is that he has not had to cope with the overcapitalisation which has proved such a crippling factor in regard to many Eastern States operators. _ Over j„,. c capitalisation during the boom aays and revaluation at considerably lower figures has compelled many men tc sub-divide, but the realisation tnat they u'c; are «"«= carrying ""'j—o too —- much • • ~ , country - to make a profit out of it has undoubtedly been the deciding factor over there in the majority of cases where sub-division has been decided upon. I may remark that the same forces which will ultimately compel 6Ub-division in the West are operating in the East n fact I am not sure that the difficulties of the primary producer over there as compared to the conditions experienced m the VCry ^ ^ Eastern States' Developments.— When asked what was the most im portant development -noticeable ii regard to dairying in the Eastern States the visitor said he thought he <-ould without question say that th apid and wide- flung expansion o: dairy farming on the western slope of the dividing range was the raos important development of recent years. The area to which he al iuded extended from Victoria to Queensland, 1 -.. 1 1 a distance QAO of frt 700 Af\\{\ mile:- and reached from 300 to 400 miles mil back from the coast. The tota area which has changed over fron wheat and wool production cove re about 75,000 square miles. Effort were being made by the authoritie ta see that this development, whicl was too undoubted to be mistaken should take place on "an organise: plan, local rivalries, and desires be ing subordinated by the authoritie :o the general welfare of the com aiunity. In this regard it might b mentioned that efforts were bein; made to obviate one factor which h had noticed in the South West, an that was a tendency for the butte lacwiira factories to w v.- overlap. In the are: i m which he had alluded, the author ities were trying to curtail and dif courage unnecessai-y expenditure o :ap'.tal. especailly where it could b avoided. It has been found frorr xperience of modern methods tha ream can be transported from 40 t< 80 miles, and arrive in a condition tc make choicest 1 grade* butter. Th cost of transport of cream is one third that of the increased cost o' manufacturing in~centres spaced onh an 20 to on 30 miles apart, with «ntrmt.! outputs :>f about five tons a week. It may he of interest to the dairymen of the South West to know that to deal most effectively and economically with the marketing competition of farm-made butter, the following recommendations were made at a rerent conference, held at Wellington: "That factories be placed not less than 80 miles apart"; "That factories be situated in an irrigable :entre or within the 24 to 28-inch •ainfall belt which runs north from the Victorian border to that of Queensland through Albury, Wagga, Oootamundra, Wellington, Merry go en, Narrabri and Inverell." Grasslands of the Empire.—The grasslands of the British Empire support at least 500,000,000 animals : according to Sir Robert Greig, in an address before the Pan- African Agricultural Conference. He adder that the intensive management of grasslands in Australia, New 1 Zea 'and and Great Britain is only be- ^njng, but already it is plain tha " productiQn ^ j> e doubled under skilful management. Even fertilisers and artificial manures, concerning which we know more of than almost any other agricultural improvement, have far wider fields to conquer than any that they have yet subdued. Transport of Cream and Other Produce.—Mr. P. G. Hampshire, who at one time was Supervisor of Dairying in this State, and now occupies the position of agricultural editor ol "The Western Mail,", recently made iome very comprehensive state ments with regard to the marketing of produce in the South West, whicl bore out the contentions advanced by Messrs. Hands and Roberts in their able advocacy of deep wate I >erths and better harbour facilities at the port of Bunbury. He point ed out that the marketing of dair: and other produce in this State con tituted a very difficult problem. He contended that unquestionably th- Government should interest themselves in this work as they could pro vide facilities for marketing which would be difficult of attainment without State intervention. The matter of cool stores was a case in point. They had the spectacle for instance ?t Bunbury where 90 per cent, o the butter produced in the Stat': went through the railway yards, anc also a large percentage of the fruit, on to Fremantle. The butter alone cost nearly £2 per ton freight to Fremantle, whereas with cool store: at Bunbury that expense could be saved. Again, from the point of view of the fruit, the pork and but ter industries, under the system he suggested there would not be the detrioration that now occurred during the hot weather. They had hac' butter arriving in. Perth at a tem perature of 93 degrees. There was no question that the practice of using ordinary railway vans for the conveyance of cream was detrimental to the quality of the cream and subsequently to the quality of the butter into which that cream was converted. In the interest of the industry proper louvred, air draught vans should be used as against today's ordinary type of vans which were just light ovens. He gave his assurance that at the Bridgetown depot of the company which he Was recently the general manager of, they frequently had 4,500 lbs. j of cream, 45 10-gallon tins, brought into Bunbury at a temperature of 90 degrees. The cream had to remain in that van locked up all night, when the temperature was round about 90 odd. Such a procedure was simply an invitation to the cream to go bad. However, the company was helpless in the matter. The difficulty had been created by the railway not providing suitable facilities. In answer to questions Mr. Hampshire said that if the Railway Department were to provide such vans as he had suggested and charged an extra freight for the produce carried in them it would be to the advantage of the producer. In three months last year the South-West Co-Operative Dairy Products Company had £1,399 worth of secondgrade butter fat, in other words, they had 85,000 lbs. of secondgrade butter fat. Only 6 per cent, of the cream received was second grade. That was 4d. to 5d. per lb. kinder top price. When the price was 11 Jd. and the settler was paid 4d. under that, he only "got twothirds of the original price. motors Motors Versus versus tne the Kawway:—mr. Railway:—Mr. Hampshire was interesting, when discussillJ? the q Ues tion of motors in competition with the railways. He 1 wag pereonally not in favour of | m0t0rs uiutuis running iuiiuiug alongside owugiiiuc the viic rail-! ways. However, " — when —i.— considering :— 1 a question of that kind they should also bear j n ra i n d that the Railway \ Department should give the dairying L industry better faculties He did not, however, thmk that the failure of the Government to supply Proper cool storage: vans^had ^cted this aspect of the transport question ] The farmers themselves had not| been for the most part. concerned ^ n ^ i F more bv the fact that some man, who perhaps had a motor, worked it out that he could run the traffic cheaper. He then went round and saiv the people. He possibly pointed out that he could get back-loading and took the cream to the factory quicker. In some cases too, there , was the point that the cream had to j be carted from the farm to the s d- ing, and from the railway to the factory, making double cartage, and ; the farmer considered that the one ! cartage from his gate to the factory was more economical. -Thosei were the only instances m Mr. Hamp-1 shire's opinion where there should, be competition, even that coinpetition would be m respectof short trips only. It was mways the policy Of the South-West Co- Operative Dairy Company to dis-1 eourage the use of motors and to as mcourage much as the possible. use of They the took railways the point of view that the railways were a State concern doing good work at cheap rates. At the same time there was no doubt that better facilities could be provided for the handling of butter. He secured data throughout last year showing the temperature of the railway vans when the cream came in at various points in the South-West. He also took the temperatures of the vans and of the butter on arrival in Perth. He secured that data to make out a case for presentation to the Railway Department in favour of the provision of a better type of van. As far as the South-West is concerned the marketing of produce would be concerned largely with butter and butte—fats, vealers, and steers, pork, poultry, vegetables and eggs. In considering this question one possible factor which had to be borne in mind was the possible community phase of transportation, especially as applied to cream and pigs. The practice of an individual farmer carting his cream to the siding was so much waste effort. One man could do the work instead of a dozen or more. It was in the marketing of pigs that the position was most pronounced. One man may tend a few pigs and the same position might apply to quite a number of other settlers. They sent their pigs individually to market, whereas ha!f a dozen of them might club together and get a truck between them. That aspect was sometimes lost sight of, but in considering the economic handling of farming propositons, he thought this matter should be forcibly impressed upon, particularly the group settlers. Australian Conditions.—For the second week running there has been a general rise in price livels throughout most of the States of the Commonwealth. As was mentioned last week the local price was Ye- adjusted by the sectional committee, at a special meeting on the Wednesday (writes our Sydney correspondent). The other rises took place on Monday of this week and were all of a id. Queensland, Victoria and Tasmania all raised their levels; the first-named to 154/-, the second to 144/8, and the third to 149/4. In the case ol South Australia an increase in the local market can be expected any day now. New South Wales Conditions.-4.In this State owing to the cold, wintry weather, the shrinkage in arrivals a Sydney continues very steadily, and to meet the full grocers' requirements coldroom stocks are being drawn upon (writes a Sydney authority). Withdrawals must continue to increase in volume to about the end of August. The local demanc at the advanced price is very satisfac tory; a good volume of business i- being done and the tone of the mar ket is strong and sound. The exportable surplus has dwindled down to approximately 3,900 boxes, and this is going overseas, no demand on such surplus being made by interstate buyers, owing to the fact that pro duction in other States is more than sufficient for local rtequirements. Victorian Conditions.—In Victoria .production has about reached its lowest point, and for last week arrivals in Melbourne were a few hundred boxes less than were received there the previous week. Even so they were 9,000 boxes over receipts foi the same week last year. The Mel bourne market is reported to be firm at the advanced price and fo.b. buyers have been operating with a good deal of activity following on the hardening of the London market. The surplus over and above local requirements is still in the neighbourhood of from seventeen to eighteen thousand boxes weekly. South Australian Conditions.—In South Australia perfect weather conditions prevailed last week, rain and sunshine ruling, with the result that production continues to expand, and if; is estimated that that State possesses approximately an exportable surplus of 100 tons weekly. As was mentioned above, that market may advance any day. London Prices.—In London the firming tendency noticed last week has continued until last Wednesday's quotations gave a value for salted "Kangaroo" of 104/-. With the peak production in the Northern Hemisphere passed by, and with 20 per duty plumped on Irish imports of butter, the market seems quite sound and it will not be surprising if, in view of the improved economic position, it still further advances. Imports of butter into England during i ast month, totalled 39,072 tons, as compared with an importation of 37 830 tons made during June of las' t year Increases were made by the .following -lollowmg countries: & exporting 1 cuuuuiea. Denmark \- ~ •* 716 tons and Esthonia, Latvia and other Baltic countries, l l 7 4 tons. Decreases were regis- ; d b Australia with 1,304 tons R . 428 tons. and Holland, 675 The total of foreign imports d increase of 1,407 tons. amounted to 606 tons, ^ d - f Londoh houses give c.i.f. & e. offers round about 102/-, which is equal to 3 45/- i'.o.b. A private cable from Lon don reports that the butter marke, was firm; Danish production decu:. ing. Australian salted choicest was quoted at 103/.- to 104/-, with firsts i/- a cwi, lower and seconds at 99/-, 100/-; choicest unsalted was worth iQ5/- to 106/- (six shillings advance), with firsts at 103/-, 104/- and seConds, 99/-, 100/-. Danish moved up five points to 111/-, as did New Zealand salted, which had imved ite position to 107/-. Foi unsalted brands of that Dominion rice Argentine worth 86/- to 92/-; Sib e " a ?' l r ! s^ \- » • and Lat™ and Esthoman, 92/- t. 94/-a cwt. Price a year ago.. 110/- to 111/- per cwt. . New South Wales I'ricts.— During the week the Commonwealth Graders at Sydney examined, prior to export, 2,858 boxes of salted butter. Exports overseas consisted of 2,152 boxes sent to U.K. and 1,741 boxes tc- foreign ports. Price, 151/10 per cwt. Price a year ago, 156/6 per cwt. Queensland Prices.—Price, 154/- per cwt. Victorian Prices.—Price, 144/8 per cwt. * Tasmanian Prices.—Price, 149/4 j per cwt. South Australian- Prices.—Price, 