News In Brief At the Melbourne City Court on June 25, Harold James Russell (26), a mechanic, of Cowpcr-strcet, Footscray, was charged with triple murder, and remanded without hail till July 1\. The victims were Mrs. Ivy Letitia Russell (27) and two sons—Harold George (3) and Eric (14)—who were drowned in the Sunshine swimming pool on Saturday, June 11. * • • A 1,300 dollar suit against Sir Kingsford Smith and his flight companions by the Abercronibjie Fitch Fashionable Haberdashery Stor., "U.S.A., for outfitting the quartet prior to the Atlantic westward flight began on June 27. • • • Ernest Albert Brown (40), clerk, was arrested in 1'erth on warrant on June 25 on a charge that he, on June 23, at Perth, knowingly and fraudulently uttered a false document purporting to be a cheque drawn on the Commonwealth Savings Bank dated June 20, 1932, for the amount of £14/6/9, and signed Alfred Carson (chairman), Evcritt Atkinson (mem her), and Ernest A. Brown (secretary). Accused is a well-known figure in Parliamentary circles, being Usher of the Black Rod in the Legislative Council. • • • Five Chicago banks with deposits of ten million dollars, closed on June 25, making the total 33 for June. Runs continued on downtown banks, which were successfully.met. Women fainted in the crowds withdrawing funds • • • A spark generated by a magneto near an open underground petrol tank caused an explosion which blew out two plate-glass windows at Hubbard Motors, Grote-strcet, Adelaide, on June 25. Prompt use of a fire extinguisher prevented the building catching fire. The petrol in the tanks ignited. Three * men • were injured. • Vast crowds turned out to welcome Cardinal Lauri, the Papal Legate to the Eucharistic Congress, when he arrived at Kingstown, where he was received by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the Free State President (Mr. De Valera). Thousands knelt by the roadside in emotional fervour as the Papal Legate passed slowly along a seven-mile rouite, blessing the multitude. This is the first time in which a Papal Legatfe has landed in Ireland far 290 years. • 9 m ^ Allegations of sexual depravity in State schools made by the State Anglican Sunday School organiser (Miss Warren Thomas) have raised a storm in Adelaide. Miss Thomas also said that children in some places not far ironi Adelaide knew the names of God and Jesus only as swear words. These statements have brought an indignant rejoinder from the Director of Education (Mr. Adey). "The statement that children know the names of God and Jesus only as oaths is a slander on the great majority of children attending our public schools" he said. "The moral standard in our schools is ot a high character, and it is a rare occurrence indeed to have any complaint about the behaviour of pupils either in or out of schools.'' «• • At Cuyuthlan, states a message lrom Mexico City, a tidal wave swept inland for more than a mile, levelling everything in its path. Two brief minor earthquakes preceded the heavy tremor which ushered in the wave and sci ved to rouse the inhabitants, many of whom fled to the beach for safety. 'I here the tidal wave trapped them, sweeping many inland to death or outward to sea to drown. * * • The shotting of Archibald Ceiyil G'bbs (58) outside the Children's ( our! (in June 8 was inquired into by the (. ity Coroner 0n June 24. Catherine ()'Byrne (46) who had been remanded (in a charge of having murdered Gibbs. was present. After hearing the evidence the Coroner returned a verdict of death from bullet wounds accidentally received while struggling for the possession of ,the revolver, and he discharged O'Byrne. * # • Found guilty in London on June 21 ot having killed his wife and two eliil dren. who were found shot dead at Sigdon Farm, Kingsbridge. on May 7, William Yeoman (50), farmer was' declared to be insane and was ordered to be detained. • • • An American plan for the reduction of the armaments of the world—land, sea and air—by nearly one-third was announced simultaneously at (leneva and Washington on June 22\. To curtail the offensive power of land forces, the plan recommends the abolition of tanks, chemical warfare, and large calibre guns. The British delegate at the special meeting of the general commission of the Disarmamen Conference, befbre which it lie Geneva announcement was made, welcomed the proposal; but expressed doubt as to the appropriateness and adequacy of the naval clauses. Hostility was evident m the French delegate's comment, but Italy and Germany expressed compete IffVproval. Japan is opposed to the suggested reduction in capital ships. • * • Damages amounting to £300 were awarded by Mr. Justice Dwyer, in the Supreme Court on June 23 in the case in which Dr. M. O. Gorman had sued Dr. T. P. Byrne (both of Kalpoorlie) on the ground of slander. The hearing of evidence occupied six days but last week a settlement was arrived at and the case was withdrawn from the jury on the understanding that Dr. Byrne apologised fo r his conduct and paid all costs of the action. » • • The hearing, at Miami, of a charge Against Mrs. Keith Miller, the Australian flyer, that she entered the United States illegally, was postponed on June 24. No intimation was made by the immigration officials when it vviU be held. • • • In the Melbourne Criminal Court un June 21, a sentence of seven years' imprisonment was imposed on Alfred Gillis (20), labourer, on a charge of having committed an offence against a young woman at Fitzrov on' May 22. Gillis allegedly attacked the woman while she was going home from a dance. llic hearing of a charge of murder against a Soulier named Collins, was opened m the Ashlord folice Conn on June Collins was arrested alter the tiuding ot the dead bodies of Mrs. Janic Switt (03), her daughter, Mrs. Jennie I reinayne btcinp (35), and ' "-'Kgy (M) a daughter oi Mrs. Mcnip in lvuig s Wood, near Challock, Kent, 011 June 14. All the victims had died trout gunshot wounds. Accused was remanded until June 28. • * • Before a crowd of 75,000 at New York, the .American Jack .Sharkey (I4st. 91b.) was awarded the decision over the German, Max Sclnueling (13st. 6lb.), the holder, in a 15-round contest 011 June 21 tor the heavyweight boxing championship ol the world. The verdict ot the judges has been disputed by the Press. « * • Alter a desperate attempt to sail the leaking- trawler Charlie Cam to Sydney, the master (Captain S. J. Gibson) was forced tu beach the vessel at Buuga Head, 10 miles north of Tathra. The crew of 12 abandoned the ship and reached shore safely. * * * An extraordinary story of a series of alleged bank thefts by employees was told in the Sydney Central Police Court 011 June 22, when Stuart Charles McLean (41) clerk, Frank Phibbs (42), clerk, and Horace John I'11111 (49), clerk, were charged with having stolen £5,099, the property of tile Commercial Banking Co., of Sydney, Ltd. The three defendants were committed fo r trial. • • * Suffering from leprosy, a family of f.ve aborigines has been removed from More-ton, near (Joeii (Ouecusiaud) to the Peel Island lazaret. Such a case where all tile members of the family are affected with the disease, is regarded as most unusual. Three other natives suffering from leprosy and one suspect are in the Cairns Hospital, and will be transferred to the island shortly. • • * M'ter examining 13,6(>(> carcases of Nevv Zealand lamb and multon following their discharge at Avomuouth (England), Dr. Parry, health officer at Bristol, announced that a number of carcases were stained with arsenic which had apparently soaked through from hides stored in the hold above. Many of the carcases were condemned * * * \ notorious tobacco smuggler, Louis Lesser, who in 1930 was fined £5,7-10, or six mouths' gaol for smuggling a ton of tobaccl) in I.ales of waste paper from Antwerp, was lined £15,000 at Loudon on June 24. in default six months' 'imprisonment, for smuggling another ton in an old (submarine chasqr. Lesser smiled ind winked when I lie Magistrate remarked, "You probably know the limit ui my jurisdiction." • » m The Eucharist ic Congress reached its climax 011 June 26, when an as <embly estimated at a million heard mass in Phoenix I'ark (Ireland). Later the Blessed Sacrament was taken in a procession five miles long to an altar 011 O'Connell Bridge in the cenitre of tiie city, where the Papal Legate pronounced benediction upon the multitude • m m '1 here has been a revival of terrorism in the East Bengal. Early 011 June 27 Kamakya Prasad Sen, a special magistrate of Muusliinganj (Dacca) was found shot dead in a room of the house of S. M. Chatterjee, a sub-divisional officer of Wari, whom lie was visiting. The assailant entered by a window and shot Sen at close range several times, while lie was sleeping, and then escaped. No arrest has been made. Sen is the first Indian magistrate to be killed by the terrorists. • • • There was an exciting sequel (,, (he Canton Government's war against rebellious naval craft 011 June 26, when a number of Government aeroplanes began bombing the rebel licet. Six bombs fell close to 11.M.S. Moorhen, being deliberately aimed apparently under the mistaken belief that she was a rebel Chinese boat. Luckily no injury was done. heating further ittacks, about a dozen ol the rebel boats took refuge in lint i d) waters * » * There was a dramatic development when the Italian salvage ship Aitiglio was arrested on its arrival at Plymouth on June 2o with bullion recovered from the wreck of the P and O. liner Egypt, which was sunk off Brest during the Great War. The esscl was arrested under instructions from the Admiralty Marshal. A warrant was attached to the mainmast and the holds were sealed. ('onuiiendatore (Juaglia, of the Artiglio says that £180,000 worth of bullion has been raised from the wreck and that nearly £1,000,000 worth remains • # * A provisional agreement has been made between the Danish Ministry of- Public Works and the British linn of Dorman, Long and Company for he construction of a railway and bndg c across the strait separating the islands ot Zeelaud and Ealster. The cost ol the work is estimated at about £2,000,000. The bridge, -which will be over two miles long, will be the longest in Europe. A message from Singapore states that King Prajadhipok, of Siam, is accepting the terms dictated to him by the newly-formed People's Party Without disorder or disturbances of the lite of the l(> ^ Si . . , d'etat was successfully <nrrel"fn S Mv Ca naccomplished P . lta VV l Mil < e» 1, ..I."!.1 I! and the last remaining absolute monarchy m the world has passed. * • • With Communist members sidiim with the Nazis, the Prussian Diet, on June 26, passed a Bill conliscatiim the entire property of all East European Jews entering Prussia since August, t and converting it to aid the unemployed. The Bill has astounded the Jews, who hope that the central Government will veto it. Another Bill Prohibits State theatres from employ- , n g Jews. J • * m Lawrence Francis Healey (18) of Botany-road. Botany, N.S W met a terrible death on June 19. Caught in machinery, his leg was horribly torn and he died in hospital soon afterwards. 