EARLY SETTLERS Golden Wedding Celebrated Mr. and Mrs. A. J. C. Fehlberg Mr. and Mrs. August John Carl Fehl berg, two of tho earliest settlers ot Col- linsvale, and now residents of Tolosa Street, Glenorchy, will celebrate the golden anniversary of their wedding to- day. Leaving Hamburg with his par- ents in the sailing ship Victoria, Mr. Fehlberg arrived in Tasmania in 1870 at the age of 12 years. He is a native of Gribnitz, Germany, where Mrs. Fehl- berg was born also. She also emigrat- ed to Tasmania at an early age, her maiden name being Augusta Darke. Her parents, too, settled at Collinsvale short- ly before Mr. Fehlberg's father took up land there. HARDSHIPS OF SETTLERS. In an interview yesterday Mr. Fehl berg spoke of the hardships and struggles which he and his parents had when they first settled in Tasmania. A rough voyage from Hamburg was ex- perienced, the immigrant sailing ship Victoria, which occupied 18 weeks on the journey, bringing a number of other German settlers. Directly he arrived he went to the New Norfolk district, and was employed there as a farm lab- ourer at a wage of a shilling a week. His parents obtained work on a property in the Campania district, and the in- come from their employment was 10s. a week and rations. There were no trade unions or awards in those days, and farm labourers tolled in the field from daylight to dark . After spending a year at New Norfolk Mr. Fehlberg went with his parents to Lower Long- ley, where his father set up farming on his own account with the help ot his four sons and one daughter. Virgin forest had to be scrubbed by manual labour, and the family were required' to work 12 and 14 hours a day in an effort to win a living from the land. In 1876, five years later, his parents and family transferred to Collinsvale. The settle- ment was then called Sorell Creek. Later the name was changed to Bismarck, and more recently to Collinsvale. There were three or four families of settlers there at the time, including Mrs. Fehl- bergs parents. EARLY COLLINSVALE DAYS. "There was no made road to the set- tlement then," said Mr. Fehlberg, "and my early days. there were the hardest of my life. Goods had often to be conveyed, on our backs from the main road, and at other times we had the aid of a horse, which was able to trans- port provisions and products over the steep bush track to the settlement. In order to supplement our income, we were obliged to seek employment in the harvest time in the Bridgewater and surrounding districts. In the meantime the wild bush on our property had to be scrubbed and made ready for plant- ing." On June 11, 1882, the marriage of Mr. and Mrs. Fehlberg was solemnised by the Rev. John Lavers, of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, at the settlement. Mr. Fehlberg took up 40 acres of Crown land on his own account, and once more had to set about the work of clearing bush in order to establish himself on the land. A road to the settlement had then been made, but Mr. Fehlberg's property was some distance from it, and he had to carry even his furniture on his back through bush land from the road. Later he undertook the work of cutting a branch road from the main Collinsvale road to his own property. For 37 years he worked on his holding, and during that time saw the settle- ment steadily grow", numbers of Ger- man and Danish immigrants taking up land. Nineteen years ago he sold his property, and bought a smaller place in the Glenorchy district. One of Mr. Fehlberg's recollections of early Hobart is of seeing the notorious bushranger. Martin Cash, in the Glen- orchy district. He remembers also gangs of convicts working on the roads in and about Hobart. He is 74 years of age, and Mrs. Fehlberg is two years younger. Both enjoy good health. Jersey farmers will this year employ 3,000 workers from England instead of from Brittany as ln_prevIous years. 