EXPERIENCES IN THE 'SEVENTIES Young Immigrant's Early Trials. HOW DIFFICULTIES WERE OVERCOME. (BY MICHAEL O'KEEFFE, EX-ML.A.) Continuing his reminiscenc6s, Mr. M. O'Keaffe, foimer Parlia. mentary member for Lockyer, intereatingly desceibes somne of the industrial conditions that obtained in Queensland in the 'seventies. The bdvice of the "Old Hardl," he says, was: Do not remain idle; take any kind of work until you get the job you want." It was sound advice then, and is just as sound to-day, he observes. We started work at 6 a.t., whell the lhuge table was loaded with sev eral careases of parboiled bee!, the steam from which rose in clouds around us as we worked, saturlating our clothes. At 8 a.m. we had an hour for breakfast. When hlie returned to work at 9 an.m. the great piles of beef had cooled down and our satur atdd clotllhes clung to us, wet, cold, and clammy, and In this condition we woreod Until the clothes dried on our backs. I Was greatly interested in the efficiency of the staff, and much ad nmired each operhtlon from the man who speared the 30 iullocks. In a Pen, as Qtiek as one could count (mlthods have very much improved slhce then) t0 the Lutcher ohio dressed the calrease for the boner. The boner's work was to remove the meat from the bones, which he did without leaving a trac6 of mneat thereon. I had the privilege of wit Oessing a contest between a Mel bourne boner and an employee of the Laurel Hank works. Thie lelboure man won the contest (181j minutee) Wlth the Laurel Bank man close on hlb heels (19 minutes). The contest was judged as to quickness and quality of work. The greasy, damp steam and claldmy Wet clothes began to tell upon my health. I stubbornly stuck to my work until the works superin ?tedent, having heard of my condi ti;on, sent a message for me to see him at his office. I was at this time dangerously ill and when the man ager saw me he was shocked. I will fiever forget how promptly he order ed a bolt to be loaded with preserved melat in Order to give me the oppor tunity of proceeding to RItockhlampton Hospital. The boat got stuck on a sandbaok; I was suffering intense pain and felt my position keenly; I was alone in this new country, without a friend. Laurel Bank is 16 miles from Rockhampton, and we got stuck on the sandbank four miles from the start. There was no chance of get ting off the sandbank until high tide next day. My position was indeed serious. i was in great pain. Some small row-boats were passing up the river, and I hailed one of them. It wras occupied by a fisherman going clt for the n'glt to secure fisl for his customers next day; he said he could not run the risk of losing his ctlstmomels and turned to go away. He chllged his mind, however, and canme back, saying, "I cannot see you In huch distress; I will row you tol Robkhlamptoe." It was about 12 siles fromni where we were, stuck, HeI lande8 cie and hailed a cd?b, and dir Octld tile driver to take me to the Gentral Hospital. I put my hand In my pocket and handed him a sovet~ eign Whihcli e refused to take, say ing, "My poor lad, you will wantthat befome yod are well." I have never e?irottel his great kindness. I was so !11 Ineglected to ask his name, which I h8e regretted ever since. After sev eral weeks In Hospital, Dr. Concan non, the Medical Superintendent, or dertd me Solth as far as Melbourne, as he said the climate of Rockhamp ton would not suit me. After laving hospital I had just sufficient motiey left to pay my fare Brid tihat of a mate to Brisbane, with wh6m I divid6d my pair Of blankets. Attr some days of waiting 1 got a Job at Mr. Geomge Raft's sugar plan tation, Morayfields, near Caboolture, hidch lasted about eight weeks when th aseison's crushing finished: tihe agkes wer £1f per week, with b?oard. On Christmas Eve between 70 and 80 Of the employees started to walk to Brisbane. Thle majority of the thon, strapping, stalwart fellows, de teimined to walk the dittance in re cord time, and started off at a great pace. My mate and I agreed to take things Stoadily; after we lhad "nego tiatid" some miles, we passed here and there at intervals along tlleroute some of our co-workers sitting on the roadside with their boots off tak ing stock of thie blisters on their heels. My niate and I were the first to arrive at a sub:rban hotel, where I etent my first Christmas in Queens Iand-1875. Next morning we went into the city, paying my way in a hothl in Wharf-street (kept by a fir. iroderick). I soon found myself again almost penniless, but work was easy to obtain In those days for those who oere willing to take any kind of IROUGOIING ON STRADBROKI{E ISLAND. 1 mnilt here state that 1 had never done a ddy's manual labour until I landed In Qudensland. 1 went straight from school to a drapery estalllsh ment, where I was apprenticed to that business, and after somne six yars I heard such glowing accounts of Queensland that 1 determined to milgrate thithdr. On landing on the Creek, I accepted the advice of "Old Hands:" "Do not remain idle; take any kind of meworkle until you get the job you want." Sound advice then; just as sound to-day. Mly next Job was gettirig wharf poles on Strad broke Island. Another man and my self were engaged. Our emnployer was a Danish man ?who said lie lived on a neighbouring island. Ills son land ed us on Stradbroke. and started us at work at £fI per wceek and found in rations. Here our trouble started is eanrnest. I had had nothing to do with an axe or a cross-rut saw before in my life, but I soon found T could overcome tllCis dlsnhllifty: I was young, strong, and willing. onur rOulbies ~sore in oilhr directions. ?We were not provided with a tent; we trIlpped a few sheets of bark lto cover 1is from tile night dleows: and stretched bags on poles and forked ethics on whlich we placed soeln grass to make a hoed. but alss! when we settle@ demon to sleep s-e 'were attacked mc mleriuads of m?Osquhtor., from the small lIlack little fll6w to the great1 -,Scotcll Greys. After vain efforts to sleep we decided to take turns in fanning the mosquitoes away, and by this means we got a few hours rest. We set about to prepare breakfast and commence our first day's pile-getting. But oh! memory of memories, we found In the parcel os nood two big camnp oven loaves of home-made bread as solid as a brick and bitter Sto the taste; there was some tea fairly Sgood, and a tin of crude molasses that was to serve as sugar for our tea sand to spread ot the bitter br?and. Tilers was no butter, and when we in spected the mneat it took but one glance to see it was taken from a car case that must have die@d, or was ready to die, of starvatioh. Our psal Lion seemed lhopeless. Here we were on an Island with no other hunln be lng within reach and no means of get ting to the mainland. However, after partaking of black tea and some bread and molasses we essayed to try our hands at timber getting. When we picked our first tree and prepared to cross-cut it, we were assailtd with swarms of mosquitoes; it was Impos sible to work un'.il we had to first gather dry cow manure and mnake a fire and smoke; this served to keep away the pests to some extent, but thie blinding smoke was almost as bad as the mostultoes. We managed to get down a couple of trees and strip the bark off them before our employer arrived about nooh. When the young boss came in his row boat we de manded better food or to be put across the water to the mainland. He pro mised the food would be better, but the improvement was very little; we stood the ordeal for seven days and worked hard. When he arrived again he landed with a shot gun to go fowl ing on the islaed. We insisted on belng ,ut ashore, but he matched off up the hills with his gun upon his shoulder. When he returned iny mate and I had waded out to where the boat was anchored, and werA making our selves comfortable. WA put ashore without receiving any pay for our seven days' hard work. PENNILESS AND NO FRIENDS. Neither of us had any money and could not take steps to secure our wages; however, wA trudged it on to Brlsbane penniless. When we reached the Tingalpa Hotel I .was able to dis pose of an article of wearing app&rel; to secure a feed for beth of us and a shilling or two (or the road. As we trudged along we heard the noise of a horse being ridden furiously, and a minute later tile horseman pulled up apparently very agitated. He ex plained tl-at lia. brother and himself were engaged in loading a raft of timber on the river, wllen his brother suddenly took seriously ill. He re quested us to come and help to com plete tile loading and allow them to get to the doctor as aool0 as possible. Those wsere the days oe no railways, no trams, no taxi-caba, and no tele iphlones; ct course the old hansome cabs were to be had in Brisbane, but there were no means of communicat ing with the city. We received 6/ each for a day and a half's work. As my compauion and I were strangers to each other, we parted on reachink tile city. Miy (ew shillings soon dids appeared, and cae night I found my self without the price of a bed or a meal. At this time the bank of the riv6r at North Quay, near the Victoria Bridge, was a mass of Wild lantana, and I camped under the buslles fot the night. Next morning I walked to Indooroopilly. The old Iidooroopilly Bridge was being built In 1876. (This bridge was carried away by the 1893 flood). I applied forwork, butwas told they were full handed; here I met a M'r. PlkB, who lived eloee to the In dooroopilly Railway Station. He was a bulldink contractor In a small way, and hlie engaged me as carpenter's labourer. lie was then engaged in erecting a residence at Brookfield for the late Mr. Clharlcs Patterson, who was then owner of the sawmills at Prookfleld. When the job was finished lMr. ?lke found himself unable to pay tile wages. I was his only employee; hlie had taken the Job too cheaply and had failed. Mr. Pike offered me (or f£8 an allotment in South Brisbane, near where Hogan's Sawmill used to be. I had secured workl nearby and told lir. Pike I would wait for my wages. Tils same allotlthent within a year or two was sold (I think to Hogan) for £300. I was next engaged as farml Iland Iby the late MIr. William Watt, a falller of Brookflied. at 15/ a week. After working at farm work a few weeks I heard of larid being thrown open for honmetead seection at Upper Sandy Creek. Laidley (now known as Mtt. aerryman). I now was just 12 months in Queensland. I was dtter mined to start on my Owsn as soon as possible. I knew that I had made good with Mr. Watt, and I plucked up courago to ask hlnim to lend nte £8 to wards the amount of deposit on aO acrle homestead: I.. Watt uInheasitat ingly lent nme the money without in Icrest, and I worked it out at 15/ per weekl. I selected the land In July, 1878, and it was then I conlnmnced my Pioneering days in the Loekyer in ea lity. ("o be Continued.) 