News In Brief At the Melbourne City Court 011 June 25, Harold James Russell (2<>), a mechanic, of Cowpcr-street, Footscray, was charged with triple murder, and remanded without bail till July 1\. The victims were Mrs. Ivy Letitia Russell (27) and two sons—Harold George (3) and Eric (li)—who were drowned in the Sunshine swimming pool 011 Saturday, June 11. s» • • A 1,300 dollar suit against Sir Kingsford Smith and his ilight companions by the Abercrotubjie Fitch Fashionable Haberdashery Slot U.S.A., for outfitting the quartet prior to the Atlantic westward flight began on June 27. • # • Ernest Albert Brown (40), clerkwas arrested in Perth on warrant on June 25 011 a charge that he, on June 23, at Perth, knowingly and fraudulently uttered a false document purporting to be a cheque drawn on the Commonwealth Savings Bank dated June 20, 1932, for the amount of f14/6/9, and signed Alfred Carson (chairman), Everitt Atkinson (mem ber). and Ernest A. Brown (secre tary). Accused is a well-known figur in Parliamentary circles, being Ushe: of the Black Rod in the Legislative Council. • • • Five Chicago banks with deposits of ten million dollars, dosed 011 lune 25, making the total 33 for June. Run continued 011 downtown banks, which were successfully.met. Women faint ed 111 the crowds withdrawing • • • fund A spark generated by a magneto near an open underground petrol tankcaused an explosion which blew out two plate-glass windows at Hubbard Motors Grote-street, Adelaide, 011 June 25. Prompt use of a fire ex tinguisher prevented the building catching fire. The petrol in the tanks ignited. Three men were injured. * * • Vast crowds turned out to welcome Cardinal Lauri, the Papal Legate to the Eucharistic Congress, when he ar rived at Kingstown, where he was received by the Archbishop of Dublin and the Free State President (Mr t a g s a s N l De Valera). Thousands knelt bv (he roadside in emotional fervour as the Papal Legate passed slowly along seven-mile route, blessing the multitude. This is the first time in which a Papal Legate has landed in Ireland for 290 years. * * • Allegations of sexual depravity in State schools made by the State Anglican Sunday School organiser (Miss Warren Thomas) have raised a storm 111 Adelaide. Miss Thomas also said that children in some places not far from Adelaide knew the names of God and Jesus only as swear words. These statements have brought an indignant rejoinder from the Director of Education (Mr. Atley). "The statement that children know the names of God and Jesus only as oaths is a slander 011 the great majority of children attending our public schools" he said "The moral standard in our schools is ot ~ high character, and it is a rare occurrence indeed to have any complaint about the behaviour of pupils either m or out of schools." •* • # At Cuyuthlan, states a message from Mexico City, a tidal wave swept inland fo r more than a mile, levelling everything in its path. Two brief minor earthquakes preceded the heavy tremor which ushered in the wave and seived to rouse the inhabitants, many of whom fled to the beach for aufcty. fhere the tidal wave trapped them, sweeping many inland to death or outward to sea to drown, * # « The shoeing of Archibald Ccc,il Gibbs (58) outside the Children's Court on June 8 was inquired into bv the City Coroner 0n June 24\. Catherine O'Byrne (46) who had been remanded 011 a charge of having murdered Gibbs, was present. After hearing the evidence the Coroner returned a verdict of death from bullet wou.Tds accidentally received while struggling for the possession of jihe revolver and he discharged O'Byrne. # * * Found guilty in London on June 21 of having killed his wife and two chil dren, who were found shot dead at Sigdon Farm, Kingsbridge, 011 May 7 William Yeoman (50), farmer was' declared to be insane and was ordered to be detained. * • • An American plan for the reduction c of the armaments of the world—land, O sea and air—by nearly one-third was B announced simultaneously at (leneva v and Washington on June 22. To curtail f the offensive power of land forces, the plan recommends the abolition a of tanks, chemical warfare, and d large calibre guns. The British 'delegate at the special meeting of the general commission of the Disarmamen Conference, befbre which it he Geneva announcement was made, welcomed the proposal; but expressed doubt as to the appropriateness and adequacy of the naval clauses. Hostility was evident in the French delegate's comment, but Italy and Germany expressed complete Ijrpproval. Japan is opposed to the suggested reduction in capital ships. • * * Damages amounting to f300 were awarded by Mr. Justice Dwyer, in the Supreme Court 011 June 23 in the case in which Dr. M. O. Gorman had sued Dr. T. P. Byrne (both of Kalgoorlie) on the ground of slander. The hearing of evidence occupied six days but last week a settlement was arrived at and the case was withdrawn from the jury 011 the understanding that Dr. Byrne apologised fo r his conduct and paid all costs of the action. The hearing, at Miami, of a charge against Mrs. Keith Miller, the Australian flyer, that she entered the United States illegally, was postponed nn June 24. No intimation was made by the immigration officials when it will be held. • • • Tn the Melbourne Criminal Court <>n June 21, a sentence of seven years' •rnnrisonment was imposed on Alfred ^Hlis (20), labourer, on a charge of ' : ving committed an offence against a young woman at Fitzroy on May 22\. G'llis allegedly attacked the woman while she was going home from a dance. m w . The hearing of a charge of murder against a soldier named Collins, was opened 111 the Aslnord Police Couri on June U. Collins was arrested alter the lindiug ot Hie dead bodies ot Mrs. Janie Swat (05), her daughter, Mrs. Jennie iremayne Memp (35), and I'^'gyy (io) a (laughter 01 Mrs. Memp 111 iving s Wood, near Challock, Kent, 011 June 14. All the victims had died troni gunshot wounds. Accused was remanded until June 28. » » • Before a crowd of 75,000 at New York, the .American Jack Sharkey (I4st. 91b-) was awarded the decision over the German, Max ScluncliKg (13st. Olb.), the holder, m a 15-round contest 011 June 21 tor the heavyweight boxing championship of tlic world. The verdict oi the judges has been disputed by the Press. * * » Alter a desperate attempt to sail the leaking trawler Charlie Cam to Sydney, the master (Captain S. J. Gibson) was forced to beach the vessel at Bunga Head, 10 miles north of Talhra. The crew of 12 abandoned the ship and leached shore safely. * # # An extraordinary story of a series of alleged bank thefts by employees was told in the Sydney Central Police Court 011 June 22, when Stuart Charles McLean (41) clerk, Frank Plnbbs (42), clerk, and Horace John hum (49), clerk, were charged with having stolen £5,099, the property of the Comnic.Tcial Banking Co., of Sydney, Ltd. The three defendants were committed for trial. * • * Suffering from leprosy, a family of f.ve aborigines has been removed from Al ore ton, near (Joen (Queensland) to the Peel Island lazaret. Such a case where all the members of the family re aifectcid with the disease, is rearded as most unusual. Three other natives suffering- from leprosy and one uspect ;,re in the Cairns Hospital, nd will I* transferred to the island hortly. » * m After examining 13,000 carcases of evv Zealand lamb and mutton folowing tJlieir discharge at Avoninouth (England), Dr. Parry, health officer at Bristol, announced that a number ot carouses were stained with arsenic which "had apparent!v soaked through from hides stored in the hold above. Many of the carcases were condemned * # * 'V notorious tobacco smuggler, Louis Lessex, who in 1930 was lined i5,/40, or six months' gaol for smuggling a ton of tobacco in bales of waste paper from Antwerp, was hned £15,000 at London 011 June 24. in default six months' imprisonment, for smuggling another ton in an old (submarine cha.s^r. Lesser smiled ind winked when the Magistrate remarked, "Yon probably know the limit of my jurisdiction." » * « The Eucharistic Congress readied its clnnax on June 20, when an assembly estimated at a million heard mass in Phoenix Park (Ireland). Later the Blessed Sacrament was taken in a procession five miles long to an altar 011 O'Conncll Bridge in the centre of the city, where the 'apal Legate pronounced benediction upon (he 11.1 altitude. * * • 1 here has been a revival of terrorism in the East Bengal. Early on June 27 Kamakya. Prasad Sen, a" special magistrate of Muushinganj (Dacca) was foupul shot dead in a room of the house of S. M. Chattcrjce, a sitb-divisio ual officer of Wari, whom lie was visaing. The assailant entered by a windiow and shot Sen at close range sevei-al times, while he was sleeping, ami', then escaped. Mo irrest has been :made. Sen is the first Indian magistrate to be killed by the terrorists. I he re was an •.•.veiling sequel to the Canton Government';, war against rebellious naval craft on June 20, when a number of Government aeroplanes began bombing the rebel licet Six bombs fell rk>s<\- to 11. M.S. Moorhen, being drhlK-rately aimed appaentlv under 15re. mistaken belie! that he was a relx-f Chinese boat. Luckily no injury was <I<>ue. hearing further ittacks, about a. do/en ot the boats took refuge in British re l.) el waters. Then vv;is a dramatic development when the Italian salvage ship Arfiglio was arrested on ii.s arrival at Plymouth on June 2b with bullion reovered Iroin the wreck of the P and . liner Egypt, which was sunk off rest during the Great War. The essel was arrested under instructions rom the Admiralty Marshal. A warmt was attached to the mainmast nd the holds were sealed. Commeiiatore (Juaglia, of the Artiglio, says f a t o S that £180,000 worth of bullion has been raised from the wreck and that nearly £1,000,000 worth remains * # * A provisional agreement has been made between the Danish Ministry of Public Work*; and the British firm Dornian, Lung and Company for construction. of a railway and bridge across the strait separating the islands ot Zeetand and Falstcr. The o S rl,nn«!? c w a r k is est ' nia tccl at about £2,000,000. The bridge, which will be over two miles long, will be the longest in Europe. A message from Singapore states that t^ing Prajadhipok, of Siam is accepting the terms dictated to'him by the newly- formed People's Party Without disorder or disturbances of and the last remaining absolute mon archy m the world has passed. * * * With Communist members siding with the Nazis, the Prussian Diet, on June 26, passed a Bill confiscating the entire property of all East European ews entering Prussia since August, WI4 and converting it to aid the unemployed. The Bill has astounded the Jews, who hope that the central Government will veto if. Another Bill prohibits State theatres from employmg Jews. J Lawrence Francis Heafey (18), Df Botany-road Botany, N.S.W., met a terrible death on June 19. Caught in achinery, - his leg was ...i., horribly torn IOI II, and he tlied in hospital • • soon after-' ards. 