THE WORLD OF NATURE BREEDING PLACES OF EELS. HIGHLY interesting facts concerning eels and their breeding places were discovered by the oceanographical ex-<*> pedition of the Dana, 1928-30. With the support of the Danish Govern ment the East Asiatic Company, and the Caxlsburg Foundation, Professor Johannes Schmidt planned and direct ed a cruise of more than 65,000 nautical miles in the tropical waters of the Indo- Pacific to supplement his many years' investigations in the At lantic. An account of the voyage now has been published—"Dana's Togt Omkring Jorden, 1928-1930. Af Prof. Johannes Schmidt." In reviewing the vloume "Nature" says:—The scientific work of the expedition is touched upon in various chapters of this book of the cruise. To understand the references one must hark back to Prof. Schmidt's earlier activities in -Atlantic waters. As is well known, after nearly 20 years of persistent search Jons. Schmidt dis covered the birthplace of the European freshwater eel in Che deepest part of the Atlantic at the western end of the Sargasso Sea. In the present volume Prof. Schmidt shows how bis latest exploration of the Mediterranean with improved apparatus has confirmed his earlier conclusions. The Leptoce phali of the common eel were found in quantities in the narrow Straits of Gibraltar and again in the cul-de-sac at the Straits of Messina, but occurred only scattered elsewhere and in small numbers, particularly in the eastern basin. This points to an extensive immigration from west to east, similar to that in more northerly waters, and indicates that the eel does not spawn in the Mediterranean. Pelagic Wanderings. BY intensive study of the variations Prof. Schmidt has been able to prove that two species of freshwater eels (Anguilla), and only two, occur In the Atlantic region, and both resort to about the same place to spawn. This deep part of the Atlantic is some 4000 miles away from Europe, yet the eels of all European countries, from Fin land to Greece, belong to the same race and go to and come from the same spawning region, the Leptocephali taking about three years to complete their pelagic wanderings. This remark able fact, which, one may note Inci dentally, provides support for Wegener's theory of continental shifting, is in Striking contrast to the conditions found in the Indo-Pacific Ocean. Whereas only one species occurs over the wide expanse of Europe, the islands of the Pacific, for example Tahiti, have three separate species occurring together, and the so-called Anguilla australis of earlier zoologists has proved to contain no fewer than four species* In all, the Indian region contains six species, and the Pacific has about 12 (some being common to both regions). These conclusions, based in the first instance on the adults characters, hfcve now been confirmed by the discovery of the various Lepto cephali. Prom the number of species and the conditions found there, Prof. Schmidt has come to the conclusion that the original home of the eels lay in the eastern ocean. Deep water for the purpose of spawning, and currents to convey the Leptocephali towards land, are appar ently necessary for the existence of freshwater eels anywhere. When one ■ or other is lacking, as in the South Atlantic and on the western side of America, we find no eels in the adjacent countries, and in the Indo- Malayan Archipelago eels are only Tound in countries and on* islands which face directly on to deep water. The shallow water areas north of Aus tralia and between Borneo,- Siam, and* Sumatra contain no freshwater eels. The islands of the Pacific and the coasts of India and East Africa obviously fulfil the requirements, and the Leptocephali have not so far to wander. It follows, almost as corol laries, that the Indo-Pacific Lepto cephali are of smaller size than the Atlantic forms and metamorphose in a shorter time. Yet a remarkable thing is that the adults of several of the eastern species at Tahiti, in New Zealand, and in the rivers of East Africa are of gigantic proportions by comparison with the European and American eels. Other discoveries indicate that the tropical regions of the Atlantic and Pacific possess similar communities of e«ls (deep- water eels, not Anguilla), and that then* distribution is closely con nected with the hydrographical con ditions. Thus, Neasorharaphus ingolfi anus occurs in the transitional regions north and south of the equator, whereas N. Dance, with a similar num ber of verterbne, occurs only along the equator. Such comparisons of the physical and biological phenomena in the different oceans were among the chief objects of the expedition. 