THE BISHOP OF NORTH QUEENSLAND : IMPORTANT- ; SPRECH AT . ? : KALANDA. .?> The Bishop of North Queensland was present at the Anglican Church' Bazaar on Friday, August 5, at Ma- ganda, and addressed the gathering ,=as follows : ' "I . ant glad .to be at Malanda, be- cause I think the people of the district stand for-what is most reliable, most solid and' persevering in . Australia.. The condition of Malanda I lake" às an ùadèx to the real prosperity and the ' real prospects of this country. . You are people who do not allow yourselves to be carried away by the Incitement of a boom nor to-be'-down-.;. cast by the dulling influence .of-a slump: - You. do not rush into wild extravagance in tunes of .-plenty, and you do not descend into the dumps when times are bad.. You preserve ¡he even tenor of your. way. " "Most of the pastoral and agricul- tural industries of Australia, not ' to mention our mining industries, suffer from furious booms and violent re- actions. Even Governments" are sometimes foolish enough; to .buy at boom prices, and hang a heavy debt : round the necks of the people.' Think of the enormous losses of thc State Cattle Stations. Individuals are of- ten equally rash/ . L remember the boom pf-<new>wheat lands' :in ; New South Wales 25: years ago. Land in my -/district..change^ tbrp¿<-tiraes á'.;wc^;'V:.r'I¿Ha.ve known prices tb rise' from; 10/r ; an acre to ,/5 ,an acre. for...the/same land, in < a fortnight;' Thefpebple who bough; these- farms- were % gambling. . They did-not:mean to - make . homes-they were 'going - to/ raise" perhaps ? two or ttáee'. crops, or perhaps: none at all. and -sell ?.óut at. fhe'.tpp -' of the ' boom, andigo to. live ; in .the city.,.''. Indus- tries: that are subject tb manipulations of that.' kind ?. suffer for many years.. They-hâve; been over-capitáliséd, and the : people'who try to carry, on when the boom is past'cannot get clear of debt. . TOBACCO. fThe.- tobacco ' industry' was in danger ; of. a . similar fater when Mr. Lyons', very: wisely reduced ' the' tariff bttf imported." tobacco from 5/2 to 3/ per. lb..,. Even so- the rate pf expan- sion encouraged by high!prices is too rapid,, and'the disposal of next year's crop ..will be a difficult matter. Once export 'on a large scale ts necessary, /down gp the prices, abd the people ;whd ;haye been deluded into buying tobacco/land at a fancy figure go down too, with á bump. The bigger- me boom the worse the slump. "But you people do not boom, and do not slump. You are doing steady honest .work at - a moderate price ail the time. . You depend .upon a mod- est, unemotional steady-going self possessed creature^-in fact,: the- cow. The cow . is not going to be hurried, -sjie will not be carried away by excite ?mc'nt.. "^he refuses' to be involved in a boomi-but she delivers, her 6 to 10 quarts^of milk daily, and she produces from 3 to :61b. pf butter-per week.' The average^.QueensIand ; cow . produces 145.;Ib>^'bf butter per.-annum. The average'^Danish cow . 299 lbs. per' an- num. -; . The- Danish . farmer .rugs, -feeds . and stalls his cows, * also he caret.uHjfc..cuiisr;. his. herd; Some farmers, here are' beginning .. to lavish similar, attentions cn their cows.. This afternoort >I have, heard bf a Malanda cow whicli yields as much as' 216s. of butter. » day. But neither - the cow nor her pwners are going 'to lose their heads because of her splendid produc- tivity--they/ are not : going - iib Ibbbm and self .'put: . They' are going to continue butter-máking in a business- like manner, and home-making at'the same. rime... * \- "That; brings- nie to the most im portaint¿: feature in . the life of the dairying, people. They'do not intend tb sell ¿ut ,and gp'off to a city. They intend to . remain on the land 'arid make homes.. ."In tte "thirtiethycr3e;of the .twenty first chapter of the' book, of' Genesis, it. is written that Abraham digged a well in ; Bçcr-Sheb'a; " abd three ' verses later," thai, lie planted a grove of trees. 'Abraham . was,', thinking' " of' his' : family and the,.race.that waB to spring, from ¡his loins."Hé/was -próvidiñ'g for .the .future. . rThe well ' and the trees wbuld ¡.¿q on serVing . thc .needs of ¡ his children abd' gránd-chiidrén, and his more, remote descendants long after he was dead. He had no intention of selling out and going back to a . city. He was not scheming, for luxury in Ur of the 'Chaldees. He. was found- ings race of pastoral and. agricultu^ people;. : That also is the proper role of v Australians j. ..... : .Yon-know quite well that our huge iovergrqwh i cities; are -a? great . mis take. .They exist:: because bf our riigli tar- iffs against manufactured' articles: You .may protect» a' secondary- ihdustrj'' for a "few-years, but you must not-go on -protecting. - . .If. you do! you will in- jure everybody else,, particularly the man-on the land, and in the - long' run; you will " ruin the country. Thc than on the land is : reliable and so ¡3 the cow, youvmust ? encourage- both of them. ; - /, " . ~, - ':,. ' /'You people believe in the future of .your country) you. are - making homes, ;you are digging, .wells and planting trees and shaping farms. You- are the mainstay of the' whole population, and honest politicians are well-aware pf that. They are. deter- mined, to see that you get a fair deal. Politicians of other kinds are also aware . of it, while they spend loan money in : bribes to 'city- voters, . but they know that in the Jong run they will be looking to the farmer and the cow to get them out of debt. r "In , spite of the unfair burdens .thrust. 'Upon the rural population the/ dairying people are making- headway. The production - of butter in millions of. pounds avoirdupois in Queensland during the last six years has been' 63; 51, 72, 77. 78, 97. That shows, a steady advance. And the export-value of 100,000,000 lbs of butter is about Í7;000.000. Of . course we. eat a good deal of it at home, but. the total value of dairy exports last year for Australia was about £13.000.000. That, can be tripled and quadrupled. In the.next twenty years the export value of Australian dairy produce might well reach ¿"50,000,000 per an- num, and a third of that, perhaps a half of it. might go from Queensland. "Wool, , wheat and ibeef have all slumped: badly. Let us hope they will .recover.- Improved world con- dition^ ami-restored purchasing power would soon pull them up. But butter' has! not slumped, and wc may hope tha'f it .will not. - One ground of our hope 'thatwe may keep well-to the fn|nt in this' industry is. that we haye, without ' il'chibt,. the most .favorable conditions" for dairying in the-whole world. The experts tell me that one effect of Ottawa will be to give our farmers ld.' per lb. more for their butter. I hope they are right. But ncjte that a ruling feature of the- Ot tawa Conference ; is fKisi Great ^' Bri- tain wilirgiye/preferenco products/ and\ the âoniïnïons; in'; return " must, cut down the: jariffs lágain^ her . manufactured ? gbods.V That , would mean two things. / First/the man on thc latid would get his machinery much : cheaper; ^^Mtors, ;, milking , machines and cultivators ' wpdld ; be within the reach' of' men wh<£. cannot afford -Ithemi now^- > would be much " reduced,' iielpihg! both country and town.., Tn, the ..second . place the"; standards/ of -/city expendí ture .kept; up by.high) 'tariffs.-/against, manufactured .articles- would .'have, to be scaled down all round, and conse- quently more people, would, seek a living'on .the .land-, ^ "That will: not. at : first" please a . number pf. city voters,'but it has' got to cçme, because; we. ' can.'.cure uném ployñient by /land expansion; we can-» not cure it. with highly protected, sec- ondary, industries,, because they, can- not expand: > ..'.. ;. *" IMMIGRATION.: " "A great- part pf 'Australia's' trouble to-dayï -arises' from- ítheÁfa^that'she has been- afraid. of immigration, hop \- trig to preserve a very limited para- dise-of high wages and ' expensive liv- ing.for-a few people." -We ought, td have'had. by/ now . a population of 20,000,000, jrivingï -us :a: big-/ internal market. -Let .the Governfnent throw open 'more land -and we-, shall.- again bc. able to welcome, migrants. Get the" -line of ^steamers" f rpm:-/London through Torres Straits, tb Queensland, ports re-established. Let'the .steam- ers run to Sydney./The leistern side of AuSiráliá *wiU" give fhemiiplentyr of freights, and. me journeyi home from Queensland will.' be shortened ' by more than a : thousand miles. . ' . Get a man to /grade'.your butter, sent to Cairns,. and ship it home from there, and save the waste involved in .send- ing it; all. the way to the. cold stores in Hamilton, . .f /' -i.. "Let the Chambers: bf Commerce, 'the. farmers' associations, .and . the .butter factories petitioh-the. Premier for these things, .arid he, will have, a good case tb show-¿ot'them to the Commonwealth-Government. -. That is the' way.' to bring' population to Queensland, where . the - unoccupied land along, the coast is waiting, for it. And remember ' thafwifh increased population, down -goes .' your^ share of thc natibnal./debf,/'-/änä^u^/Vgö'es ? the earning power pf your'rail way s and your telegraphic .- system. Our Gov- ernments: have wastedi very large .sums of. loan money, but, iii those two directions/they have spent well. Rail- ways and" telegraphs . you must haye. We îtayè actually got more bf them iii proportion to our numbers, than any- one else J on earth, . with perhaps thc exception of 'Canada Contrast our lines: arid their two or; three, trains a day, and their small earnings: ' with the trains that run. every/ten minutes on the lines in U.S.A./ and the revenue they yield. Think of our thousands bf miles of laud, -telegraph' 'apd the relatively small number of messages . that :pass over: .therwircs. /The over- head costs of these - departments are vast iii proportion-/to 'their ". earnings. Give us a land population and our railway deficit would, disappear,, and there would be a handsome balance on the right side. : L i: . ??? . : ; - -. "These .things have been said before, but we- must say therii; again, because they are true, and our future depends upon '. action-taken : on these: truths. //'You people are doing -the , right thing, arid you arei giving the country ?a good lead, .and/the day» ts coming when thc centre of-/ gravity of the population of Queensland will. be ¿ri this tableland. . Make y our bornes and stick1 to them, dig: your wells," plant your -trees, cultivate' your s gardens-? you are doing that, .btit you have done something much mofe .'important still. You have done what/ Abraham the well-digger and, the: tree- planter did wherever he dwelt. : You,; like him, have set UD an altar to the Lord. ; "St. Matthew's, Malanda, -is still the j ' finest church bri the tableland, though] I notice reproductions of it in-other j quarters. You have built your church, and you are paying for jt-this -afternoon's bazaar will lift a good deal ] of the remaining debt The. church j will hold 400 people. You have made generous provision for to-day arid to- morrow, and other people are taking, courage ' by your.. example. The people of Millaa-Millaa have got one of the best sites in the town, and they will build very soon I hope. ^ "By laboring, upon your farms, and setting up your homes, you" are prov- ing your love to your country, and your faith in her future. By your generous effort for the House of God j you are proving your devotion to Hinvi and to the Holy Catholic Church, and i to the Anglican, communion in par-..) ticular, which is bringing together | Catholics of East and West. Old I Catholics of Holland, and Catholics oi l the Orthodox East, and is leading the:; way to Christian re-union in India, j "Work for your church and for your : homes, and you arc' taking your: part j. in the building of the'béât life bf your.; country, and contributing to the peace j of "the world/' ,./.;'. . . j' (Thc takings on the; occasion of the ' Malanda bazaar amounted to £56, and - the expenses were /very small.) :}~ 