LITERATURE PUBLICATIONS REVIEWED AUSTRALIA AND AUSTRALIANS "Not Culture For Culture's Sake" "Australia, Human and Economic." By Arthur Jose. London: George Harrap & Co. This, as the author points out in his preface, is neither a text-book nor a history. After forty years' residence in Australia, he is continually being asked in England questions about this country and its people. These he en- deavors to answer in the present volume, but he claims for it neither completeness nor finality. It is offered as "a stimulant rather than a food," in the hope that it will encourage curious and interested readers to hunt for fuller knowledge. Mr. Jose has acted in Melbourne as Australian cor- respondent of the London "Times." He was the editor of "The Australian En- cyclopaedia," and has written a "His- tory of Australasia" and other books. He is exceptionally well informed con- cerning this part of the civilised world, and his views and criticisms display sympathy and understanding as well as knowledge. As an explanation of what we are, and why, of our laws, institutions, national character, and ideals "Australia, Human and Econo- mic" should be enlightening and help- ful in the mother country, where there is still so much ignorance, prejudice, and misconception regarding Austra- lian policy and aspirations. The book is divided into four parts, dealing re- spectively with history, sociology, phy- siography, and economic developments. Each section is crammed with facts and comments, all presented in a read- able form, and the value of the work is enhanced by numerous illustrations, maps, and diagrams. Commonwealth And States Mr. Jose aims to be accurate, fair, and impartial, but naturally there is room for difference of opinion on many of the subjects he discusses. While explaining how natural it is, in view of their history, that the people of Australia, "nominally welded into a Commonwealth," should still be strongly attached to their own States, and resentful of Federal aggrandise- ment, he indicates clearly enough his own preference for a much more powerful National Government than at present exists, so that such prob- lems as railways, land settlement, in- dustrial law, and immigration might be simplified. He makes, most Australians will think, inadequate allowance for the wide diversity of natural conditions, and the proved in- efficiency of centralised control in vast territories with a small and scattered population. On the White Australia policy what he has to say should do much to correct prevalent misunder- standing in Great Britain. As he shows, only "drastic legislation can prevent an unmanageable alien in- flux." The "inferiority" of Asiatic races is not asserted by the White Australia doctrine; simply, in the words of Sir Henry Parkes, that they are "incapable of assimilation in the body politic, strangers to our civilisa- tion, out of sympathy with our as- pirations, and unfitted for our free institutions." Nor would it be in our interest to admit colored aliens as a servile caste without social recognition or political enfranchisement. On that score the experience of other nations gives abundant warning. As to im- migration generally, "British critics repeatedly slur over the distinction between self-supporting and assisted immigrants. Any Briton who can pay his own passage to Australia is free to settle there, provided only that he enjoys reasonably good health — surely a fair pre-requisite." There is much more difficulty in the extension of land settlement so as to provide room for immigrants than the average British critic realises. Mr. Jose quotes with approval the suggestion of the British Economic Mission that a "more intensive use of the already partially developed resources of Australia," rather than "new extensive develop- ment," should be relied upon to in- crease the natural flow of migration from the mother country. Immigration would thus increase with "the increas- ing productivity and consequent ab- sorptive power" of the Commonwealth. At the British end, in Mr. Jose's opinion, the main need is to expand "the home markets available for Dominion produce." Tariffs And Industrial Laws Regarded "from an Imperial point of view," Mr. Jose observes, "the Com- monwealth's tariff policy is a logical and reasonable attempt to strengthen the Empire. Its object still is to pro- mote, fist the efficiency and pros- perity of Australia, next to contribute to the prosperity of Britain" — pre- ferential duties having the latter func- tion. The principle of protection is not seriously in dispute, but for the unequal effect of unduly high tariffism on the States predominantly indus- trial, and on those chiefly dependent on primary production, the author makes inadequate allowance. He shows that an industrial problem has arisen in Australia which is "insoluble in existing conditions." Arbitration Courts, he points out, are presided over by judges "able and earnest, no doubt, but at best imperfectly in- formed" about the vital needs of industry. He refers to the consolida- tion of employers and employes into two opposing armies which fight out their battles in the courts, and to the non-acceptance of awards and the spasmodic indulgence in strikes and lockouts. He admits the alarming sig- nificance of the fact that for Australia is a whole no less than 62 per cent. of the population is urban. Is not this partly the cause, partly the effect, of the tariff and industrial legislation which leads to a one-sided develop- ment of the cities and towns, and affects with special severity the States which are predominantly agricultural in their interests? An Australian Type The final impression Mr. Jose wishes to leave by his account of Australian education "is that of a population eager to learn and ready to subsidise learn ing so long as it is directed towards some obvious and practical use." Aus tralia, he says, has not imbibed the notion of culture for culture's sake. Nor, we gather from his appreciative description of its literature and art, does it subscribe to the doctrine of art for art's sake. "The ordinary Aus tralian is a thorough-going realist." That he is "little more than a trans planted Briton," without distinct characteristics of his own cas asserted in the Commonwealth "Year Book"), Mr. Jose will not admit. He quo:es C. E. Montague's description of the Australian "Diggers" oversea:— "Dominion battalions of men start lingly taller, stronger, handsomer, prouder, firmer in nerve, better schooled, more boldly interested in life, quicker to take means to an end and to parry and counter any new blow of circumstance." A genuine national type, the author thinks, is already! formed in Australia. It is markedly independent, disrespectful of tradi tions the usefulness of which is un proved, accepting nothing on authority unsupported by reason, and (as Pro fessor Hancock has said), "liberated from the congested ice-forms of con vention and class." Mr. Jose pays a tribute to the "exceptionally high quality of South Australian public men at the turn of the century. The dele gation, for instance, which that State sent to the first Federal Parliament included the President of the Senate, the Speaker, and six men who became Federal Ministers, a large proportion from a scantily populated State." South Australians, it might be added, are proud of the relatively high qualitrv of their Parliaments, and the pioneer ing work they have done in demo cratic and social legislation. prince, as all the world knows, played an important role in German politics, and he was brought into close contact with a host of distinguished people of various nationalities. The memoirs are written with a grace and charm which will give them a permanent place in this branch of literature. As a boy. during visits to Denmark paid by his parents, yon Bulow at times played with the beautiful slim girl, Alexandra, the future Consort of King Edward of England. "She retained her wonderful waist and her light airy, swinging gait to an advanced sge," we are told. In later years. "When I had the honor of meeting her, she teased me with having cuffed, and even scratched, her when we played tops, hoops, and rooms to let. Truthfulness compelled me to reply that I also had the honor of having been treated somewhat ungently now and again by the delightful princess herself." The tact and charm of the Danish Princess won for her rapid popularity when 6he settled in Eng land. About 1870 no ground for fric tion existed between Germany and Great Britain. "English supremacy in industry, trade and shipping was un contested, and we did not think of building warships. The Queen of Eng land, was well disposed towards Ger odor of gar!ic was worst of aIL" After she had gone, Wyndham said, "That's Lord Byron's 'Maid of Athens!" I stared after the waddling old woman, whose silhouette appeared twice as ugly in the limpid Greek air. And yet Byron had sung of ncr, 'Athens holds my heart and soul; can I cease to love thee? No.'" This incident, together with the other considerations he mentions, led yon Bulow to re nounce the idea of leading a Greek bride to the altar. Literary Tastes Yon Bulow's taste in reading ap pears to have been fairly comprehen sive. From his English and French governesses he had acquired a sound knowledge of the two languages in his eaxly years, and this stood him in good stead throughout life. From his father he acquired a love of Homer and of Goethe. This was at a time when Goethe had yet to come into his own with the German people1. Indeed. it is recalled that the centenary of the birth of the great poet in August, 1849, "was hardly celebrated at aIL" From reading the "Odyssey" and the 'Hiad," while still a child, yon Bulow "received a foretaste of the calm g:andeur and the noble simplicity of the classical world. Thus I was brought up to understand the Homeric spirit, and I became Homerically in clined at an early age." The Bible, however, had a great influence in moulding his intellectual as well as his moral outlook. "I think Goethe is right when he says that whoever reads the Bible with care and insight needs hardly any other reading mat ter." Concerning novels, he held that one might learn more about inter course with mankind, the practical affaire of life, and the ways of the world than the handling of his fellow men from the masters of fiction than from most; learned compendiums. "Above all, Balzac, Stendhal, Flaubert, Guy dc Maupassant. Turgeniev. and Leo Tolstoi, and the novels of Disraeli. Thackeray, and Bulwer Lytton are to be recommended in this connection." The first play he ever witnessed was the "Midsummer Night's Dream," which made him laugh co boisterously that someone shouted that the little boy who made such a noise ought to be turned out of the theatre. Glimpses Of Bismarck Bismarck figures largely in these pages. "Bismarck, with the latitude of genius, governed first in the one way and then in the other, and so created and built up the great and strong German Empire which existed before the world war, a State which combined the old Prussian conserva tive energy and discipline with, the generous and liberal German spirit, a State that had not its like in the ?whole world." A touching account is given of the distress of the Empress Frede rick before the decease of her hus band. Queen Victoria paid a visit to her daughter, who suffered terribly during the lon~ illness of her hus band. "The Queen spoke with real feeling of her eldest daughter's sor row and of her beloved son-in-law, simply and quite humanly." Although the visit was purely of a family nature. Queen Victoria did not let slip the opportunity of meeting Bismarck, and after the audience she said to her Ambassador. Sir Edward Malet, "I don't understand why my daughter could not get en with Prince Bis marck. I think him a very amiable man, and we had a most charming conversation." A good deal has been said about the great Chancellor in other parts of the work, and a consis tent view is taken throughout of the Trjprt and the politician. 