TWEEDVALE'S 90th ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATIONS, HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SERIES, INTERESTING EXHIBITION OF ANTIQUES. "Ninety years ago, w May M4b *84?, W settlement was founded in the valley Where the town of tweedvaife DPW steads. Tiie locality was then named Mibethai, Which means "Valley of Praise,' l.y the Sieyi 11 D. Fritsche, .who Was the itual adviser and leader of fha liernn pioneers who founded the femant," -..jie foregoing is a quotations taken from 0- souvenir produced fov tiie oc iiasion of the ninetieth anniversary Of tiie founding of tile little colony at Lobetiial, A local committee with the Vigilance Committee, and ahly hacked up by die officials of the Lutheran Church, were the prime movers in the proceedings, and subrcommiltees to handle tiie various Sections of the comprehensive progiam were appointed. Weil attended meetings were held, and nothing was left undone tiiat would assist to make the early series successful, £arty History, In the year 16ti, says Pastor Lutze, in an article ill the souvenir, a company ot German Lutherans under Pastor Fritzsebe, decided to leave Germany and immigrate to Australia, in order that they might follow their religion un harrassed. in their coming they were av&itly; assisted hy the late Gti<Jige rif6 Angas, who secured loans lor them from friends in England, and on the 14th of June, 1841, the Lutherans embarked on i the ship "Skidd," a Danish sailing^ ves sel of 4U0 tons register, with Capt. Clauc sen in charge. On October 2Stli, 1841, . they readied Port Adelaide, and the women and children had to be ca. ned j ashore. Adelaide at that time was but | a collection of huts. Settlements of German immigrants had previously been established at Kiemzig (Gaza), Hahndoif j (Ambleside), and Betlianisn (Bethany), and to those centres the members of j Pastor Fritzsciie's flock went. They afterwards decided to form a settlement of tlieir own, and Mr. P. Mueller, who was at that time shepherding a flock of : sheep along the Onkaparinga liiver, : directed their attention to a suitable locality. Tile land was inspected and . 18 families decided to setLle there, and 108 acres were purchased. N«l being naturalized British subjects they could not own the iand, and they instructed a man named Krumnow, a i_oiimiunisL and religious fanatic who bad already been naturalized, to take possession of the iand for them- JCruuinow .aused tile settlers a considerable amount of woliy and trouble, and not till 1850 weie they able to dispossess him of the land lie held on their behalf. The laud was sur veyed and each settier was given his portion, and on ftiay 4th, 1842, tilt lley. pTilzsche oelivered a brief address in which he reminded the pioneers of the religious persecution in Germany, and their deliverance tlierefom and their glorious privilege henceforth to enjoy re ligious freedom. He tlien named tile ] town Lobetiial. Despite many hardships and lack of home comforts the settlers were happy, and with courage and determination soon changed the scrub-land into profitable gardens, orchards, vineyards, and wheat nelas. Not possessing conveyances of any kind tile early seitlers, chiefly women, carried their butler, eggs, and vegetables to tile Adelaide market in baskets, making their 15-mile juurtiey on foot. The settlement of Lobeihal ■ grew rapidly. :\\. v, settlers, principally Ger man, came and purchased land adjacent to the Lobcthai valley, and tiie district became closely settled. As a result Lobetiial became a very busy Centre. Very soun a number of industries Were started sucli as beer brewing, brandy disLiiiing, cricket bat making, hour mill ing, noil growing, and the manufacture of tweed. T he last-named industry lias made great progress, and to-day the Diikaparinga Woollen Mills enjoy a rep utation lor good duality aii oyer Aus tralia, and even beyond. T'he lirst spinning frame, of 80 spools, was made for Llie facLory by the late Mr. J. Hammer, and it was operated by hand, flic lirst 12 looms for weaving by hand were made hy tile late Mr. G. F. Eum uick The "beer brewing industry was oegun hy Hie late Mr. F. W. Klein - Schmidt. To-day Tweedvale is one of the most prosperous towns in the Hihs, and its modern and up-to-date factories, shops, garages; etc. hespeak progress and pros perity. Tiie unaaparinga Woollen Mills give employment lo hundreds of hands, and thousands of pounds are distributed ,n wages weekly. in Lbil more than 4,000 cricket, bats were made at Mr. H. Kuimiick's factory, una poio balls and matiets are also being made in the same premises. Gold mining, in addition to dairying and mixed farming is carried on successfully ir. tile district. Tiie town possesses its bra..oil of tiie Agricul tural Kureau, and its ploricuituial .Society. For years it iias enjoyed a continuous telephone service, and in 1024 electric light and power were installed by the Onkaparinga Electricity Gompany, tiie power station being at "Woodside. The local reservoir, with its present, capacity of Jii.oOU.OeO gailons, is not suf ficient for the town's requirements, and surveys are now being made witii a view to enlargement. Tnere is also a dis trict hospital under the care of Matron Davis. The hotels and boarding houses are ail up Ho-dale, and in every respect Tweedvale is a model town under Hie control of the District Council of OnUa pariuga. Tile local Vigilance Com mittee is a very live boay, and keeps tilings moving in the right direction. Links With the Past. One of tiie most interesting sections of tiie jubilee festivities is tiie exhibition of antiques. The sub-commiltee charge of this was composed of _ Jungi'er and Messrs. C. F. Aufderheide, O. Sickerdick, J. C. Pfeiffer, and E. W. Dearman. These gentlemen had col lected a wonderfully flue lot of antiques from around the district, and one could spent! h considei'iiliiti tijiic in examining" uie relics of tiie past which have been piaced in Mr. Kiose's store. It was tiie intention of tiie committee to have Liiese on view tiil Wednesday, but if necessary tiie articles would be held open for inspection over a longer period. It is impossible to give a description of ail tiiese, but notable articles ill the collec tion were a beautifully worked and woil - preserved silver htdl which bears au in scription ill relief,\>huwing that it was maue in !50!>. The bell has a most : musical note, and is a treasured pos session of air. H. Watkius, Mr. J. Dingle loaned a vase made in 1685, while I a book of sermons printed in 1080 was a most interesting exiiibit. Other Ger- j man books dating back to 1730 and on- j i wards were in a wonderfully good state of preservation. Tiie one published in ]73« was brought out from Germany in : | isais by Gottleib ITeiffer, and is now j ! owned by Mr. A. H. Schubert. Mr. ixlaer contributed an interesting lot of • literature published in the German langu age between 1245 and 1843. Ouier items shown were a Lutheran collection box made from wood by the great grand- j father of Uie late Miss A. Aitmann; au old sewing machine made by Wheeler and Wilson; collection, of native swords and other weapons; pistol (1810); patch work quilts made from Onkaparinga tweeds made CO years ago, and in con stant use ever since; copper teapot owned ' by P. J. Weinerf, of Kenton Valley (over ; toil years old); walking stick (100) pestel ana mortar, loaned l.y G. Miller, and ; over luu, a number of 10o-year-old brass . candlesticks (A Thiele); wooden cigar case over 100, and loaned by Misses E. and E. Juers, who contributed a number of very interesting articles, including a very old spinning wheel; a painting of the late Grand Duke of Bavaria, Which was brought out in 1842; an old English tea urn (oyer 100), exhibited by F. VY at kins; old beer glasses, some of which ! dated back to 17 z years ago, these being shown by Mr. C. Kiose; quantity of oia. fashioned ornaments, copper kettle (100); cabriole table (iofl); chandelier from the original Church of England at Lobetiial; the cuair used by Pastor Fritzsche in die Lutheran Ciiureli at Lobetiial (1842); letters of naturalization, miniature chest of drawers (70); nautical register used i hy Mr. C. Meyer, who was a sea captain, .pais instrument lias been round Gape Horn on six di'fferent occasion p . Aer company! ng the instrument were papers Showing Mr, Meyer's qualifications, Colf iection of old coins; old rifle shooting medals; a spoon and fork taken from a farm during tile 1S7Q Franco -Prussian War by Sergt. paeleheii; three cameras brought froni Germany in 1658 :by',%fT von Hawell (these ware loaned hy Mr." C- * poliilL, of Gnmeraclia); a quantity of plil Wooden vine-making machinery; wooden screw cutting sets; collection of howls, vases, lanterns, etc., all of which were over 160 years old; basket (105); collec tion of old and new coins, 400 in number, lent by Mr. C. F. Aufderheide; coin brooch i i'f>i'!; collection of early photo graphs of "Lobethal; 200-year-old f lock still going); liith century Scottish sword; old guns and rifles; old violin; banner of old Harmonica Verein of Lobethal; hand made tools; 1S48 knapsack; wheat thresh- ■ ing flail; old-time gold-washing cradle and machinery, and dozens of other articles of great interest hut too numerous to mention. No charge wap made for admission to the exhibition, hut a collection plate was at the door and it was .well laden with coin. The Procession. Starting from the Rising Sun Hotel, a procession about a quarter of a mile long passed uirougii the street, to the re creation grounds. This was led hy the i local returned soldiers, with Mr. H. Hy as a standard hearer; then followed the school band, Brownies (under Miss Grace Watkins); Girl Guides (under Miss'- J. Allan son); Boy Sgpuls (under C. Ban nonj; combined schools children; dee ./rated vehicles and trade displays and then decorated cars. Some of (lie ; decorated vehicles were excellently goj.1 up. One entered by the Woollen Mills, was a beautiful creation, and a great number of the mill products were re quisitioned in the work; another goad exhibit was that of "Saturday afternoon 5H years ago and to-day." Tile old timers were seen at work on one end of a lorry digging potatoes, while tile presenL.-day representatives were arrayed in tennis and football uniforms. Graeher's and Anderson's breakdown ser vice cars were in evidence, while a trade display of the Guineracha Meat Supply Company was exceptionally good. Vice roy Tea was Well represented, while another "working exhibit" represented harvest time in the early days; Altogether the procession was a most picturesque one. On arrival at the re creation grounds the vehicles were judged by Mrs. J. Tidswell and Mr. J. Luck, the awards going to the Onkaparinga Woollen Mills, Graeher's Breakdown Ser vice, and Mr. C. Klose in the order named. The procession was in charge of Messrs. A. Watkins, L. Kleinschmidt and C. Minogue. The school children were addressed on arrival at the ground hy the president of the day's proceedings (Mr. G. Kiose), and after the hand had played a few selections, tliey were dismissed in order that they might participate in the sports. The Sports. A program of sports was arranged hy the committee in charge of that section, tile personnel or' this being Meesrs. E. Lower, J. lteilley, A. W. Beuler, W. B, O't'oimeil, and J. Kumnick. The events were well contested, and resulted as follows:— lfoys under eight—V. Train, D. Mason, Gills—F. Barile, G. Noske. Boys under 10—II. Swaine, C. Bartle. Girls—J. Macklin, D. Dearnian. Boys under 12— Li. Masun, C. Onpeland. Girls—L. Sickerdiek, It. Burt. Boys, under It— A. Jatttke, M. Ifechner. Girls—M. Klaer, II. Eisenberg. All-comers, 100 yards—A. Dawson, D. Potts, W. Boerth. Old buffers—O. Fox, J. Lawson. Bowling at stump—A. Briggeniann. Stepping liie distance, 13. Mieglicb. A haslA. ball match between teams UKIIlg represeiKhig tlie combined schools tile Mill was the centre of altraetion for some time, and an excellent game re sulted in a win for tiie schools by one goal, the scores being 32 goals to 3.1. During the afternoon a mock court was iieid, and many offenders were picked up hy tile arresting constables and lined for tile benelit of the cause. Those in charge of titis money-making concern were Messrs. A. Graeber, L. Minoghe, H. Ey, and S. Swaine. An other source of income was tliat of col lectors on the grounds, and altogether a fairly substantial amount was realized. The Luncheon. . At the conclusion of Llie sports, a move was made hack to the town and the gathering transferred its activities to the Institute, where Mrs. J. SLevens, Mrs. W". J. Slade, and Mjsb ]. Roeke, assisted hy a hand of willing helpers, had ar ranged the official luncheon. The In stitute was tilled to capacity, ana sealed at tile table at the front of the stage and overlooking the crowd were Mr. and Mrs. Klose, Mr. and Mrs. E. p. Kumnick, Hon. H. Honihurg, Pastor and Mrs! Lutze, Mr. and Airs. W. J. Blade, and Dr. Jungt'er. Mr. Klose was the chair man, and after calling for the National Anthem, asked Uiose present to enjoy their evening meal. This was done in semi-darkness. in tlie course of a short address, the chairman said he was sorry mat there was not sulficient ligut, iiut the Post master-General had ordered a tree to he taaeii out along the transmission line route, and that work had not yet been completed. They had promised to have tlie light in plenty of tune hut no cur rent had come tlirough. All knew the purpose of the gathering—to mark the sotli anniversary of Uie founding of their town. The proper date was May 4, hut owing to the fact that tiie mill was so busy no half-holiday could be granted, so tile committee decided to have tiie func tion ibaL day. He extended a hearty welcome to ail visitors, and briefly re ferred to the difference of condiUons pre vailing 80 years ago and to-day. The Hon. H. Honihurg likened the oc casion, wilii its candle light to tlie con ditions which prevailed 80 years ago. He strongly condemned tlie Postmaster General's Department for tiie way they were indiscriminately destroying the beautiful trees which were lining the roadways, and for robbing them of light that night. The speaker referred to tile excellent work of Pastor Lutze in con nexion with the festivities, and, also, to that of Messrs. C. Klose and E. Kumnick. He spoke of the patience, content, and energy of the early pioneers, and told what good settlers they had made. Mr. Homhurg's remarks, though given under darkened condiUons, were much appre ciated. At the conclusion of his address, Mrs. M. D. Dearman, senr., was asked to light tiie nine caudles op the huge birth day cake, that lady being tile oldest native-horn lady in the district, and then Mrs. W. Weyiand, the oldest iady in the town, was asked to cut the cake. Pastor Lutze apologized for the absence of the Rev. John Blackett, who was to iiave addressed tiie gathering, but that gentleman .had beep unable to attend. He had, however, sent along a mosL interesting' article on the early jiioneers, which Pastor Lutze read to the assembly., I Pastor Lutze followed tills address up' hy some very interesting historical facts concerning the early days of tlie town, showing that lie had gone to a consider able amount of trouble to collect matter for his addres The series was completed on Wednes day night when a grand concert was held In the institute, particulars of which will he given in our next issue. Other committee's connected with the celebra tions wargir^Sistqrie, Rev. T! Lutze, E. Kumm'ck, C., Meyer, and O. H. Ifiein schmidt; liipclieou, Messrs. C. Kiose, W. J -Blade, and H. R. Pingie. Air. G. Klose(is^s"president, Rev, T. Lutze yieer president, E. P. Kumnick secretary, G. Muster assistant secretary, and . W. ■ J. Blade treasurer. The proceeds of tlie series" km to he equally divided between the hospital and recreation ground, the Institute, apd tiie cemetery funds. Amongst tlie visitors to Tweed vols Oh the day were Air. and Mrs, R. RAdpatii, Aiessrs. Hpnter and Stamfprd, M's.Pij-.and Mr. Herman Honihurg. Air, SedjjaG'. who wee for so many years -in phai'fee of the woollen mills, was delighted with tlie arrangements for the day. "Mr. Crase. a director of tile company, was also an interested spectator. 