SIAM. Scenes of Vivid Colour. (BY L. MURDOCH MCNAB.) The last of the absolute monarchies has fallen. King Prajadhipok-Lord of the White Elephants-the proud but unexpectedly democratic King of Siam, has been forced to grant the demand of the modern People's party for a constitutional government. Yet, while some of the glamour goes, perhaps, in the dusty path of progress, Siam, and more particularly the capital, Bangkok, will never lose its fascination for the visitor from the outside world. Bangkok is off the usual track of tourists, but this is not the least of its attractions. Anchoring first at the bar of the mighty Chao Phya River after you approach it from the sea, then entering it at daylight, and wind- ing along the channels of the river, fringed with Jungle to the water's edge, one catches the first glimpse of something unusual in the temple of the village of Paknam. In the houses built on stilts right out over the water's edge. Farther on, native boats and rafts of teak logs, and Chinese Junks with unblinking eyes painted on the bows to keep away the evil spirits, become more plentiful. Then, above the green of the jungle one sees the Golden Mount dominating the city of Bangkok, and gleaming in the light of the morning sun. But all our time is not spent gazing at the scenery—the officialdom of a modernised but absolute monarchy has stepped In. Near Paknam we are first thoroughly inspected by the Customs, a bit farther on the Immigration authorities take charge of us, and before we land the Customs deal with us again. The Siamese certainly love their imitations of Western official control. The immigration department, apparently a newly-created branch in 1928, the time of which I am writing, sent its brightest and best—a youthful Siamese, gold braided, but somewhat nervous—to interview us. Solemnly those ahead of me presented their passports. There were only seven of us on board, an elderly Siamese lady, her two half-caste Danish daughters, two Dutchmen, an Englishman be- longing to the Legation, and myself. The Dutchmen went through a purely formal but gruelling cross-examination; but the Englishman, whose passport had been taken out in Cologne, found himself confronted with "on which bank of the Rhine is Cologne?" Repenting his mis-spent schooldays, he hazarded a guess, "The left." "No, I think you are wrong; it's on the right bank," said the youthful representative of the monarchy, However, one of the Dutchmen standing by solved the knotty point. "You're both wrong, it's on both banks." , QUAINT, BUT EFFICIENT. There was a touch of comic opera about Siam, yet I was amazed on later inquiries to find how complete and apparently efficient their organisation of government was. It was, of course, modelled very closely on West- ern ideas. Apart from customs and immi- gration, there were Ministers of Finance, of the Interior, of War, etc., and all the usual Departments of Public Health, and places like ; Government laboratories. They are all lodged in magnificent buildings, and the Minister himself is usually a Prince of the Royal House. Under the Minister is the direc- tor, and as usually happens, he is the real head of the department; he is generally a foreigner, and in nearly every instance a foreigner of a different race from his "oppo- site numbers." The reason soon becomes obvious. Here a Frenchman, there a Dane, an Englishman as public analyst, an Ame- rican in charge of public health. Most of these things were only found out later. When I digressed, we were still on board steaming slowly alongside the wharf with the steerage passengers bundling up their simple belongings after the ravages of the Customs men. They were mostly Chinese, and it was against their steady influx the im- migration laws were aimed in a vain attempt to stop them dominating the commerce of Bangkok, as they do in nearly every other port of the East, Into the city of Bangkok, through a welter of perspiring humanity. The heat is terri- fic, and everywhere we see Siamese natives— the sexes look amazingly alike—with shingled heads, and dressed in the local "panung," a kind of skirt caught up between the legs to give a trouser-like effect. Here and there we see the white suit and helmet of a Euro- pean in car or rickshaw; in the shade, a large fat Chinaman trying to cool his chest and noble paunch in the doorway of his shop. Siamese drivers of taxis toot their horns continuously, and tear along at breakneck speed over rickety bridges crossing the canals, which intersect the whole of the city of Bang- kok. Along the canals (or klongs as they are called) native boats, laden with the smelly durian or with other tropical fruits, move slowly, in striking contrast to the mad driving of the taxis. Long before roads were thought of, these klongs had earned for Bangkok the name of the Venice of the East. The Siamese are still a race of boat- men, and most of the native trading of the city is carried on in this picturesque way. CANALS TEEMING WITH LIFE A trip through one of these klongs in the early morning is a sight one cannot easily forget—the local market with trade piled high in heaps in the shadow of the temple, with hundreds of boats packed tight at the water's edge or worming their way through the traf- fic on the water to buy from shops built right out over the river with their crazy- looking gangways. Then through more isolated reaches, with patches of rice and sugar cane, and houses built on piles, and startled natives slipping quickly into the water from their doorsteps for their early morning swim. Back again to the main stream of the Chao Phya, with the tower of the temple Wat Arun glittering like crystal in the morning sunlight. These temples—the Wats—of Bangkok are breath-taking in their unexpected beauty. Close by they certainly are more drab and tawdry, but in the distance the effect of domes and towers covered with tiny bits of glass or golden plaques, the unusual charm of a roof of coloured tiles glazed in really beauti- ful shades of colour, will linger a long time in the memory. The most striking feature, howevei, is the characteristic serpent's tail the upreared head at the eaves of all the temple buildings, and when this occurs not only once, but many times, on each over- lapping roof, the effect is more than striking— it is magnificent. This picturesque, uplifted point to every corner of each roof is the architectural motif of the Siamese temples and they are scattered everywhere. Visiting these temples, seeing the Emerald Buddha, one forgets the modern development of Siam. I was fortunate enough to see a Royal crematlon, and found a most amazing picture of barbaric splendour. An urn of solid gold, dragged on a golden catafalque by strings of men in the dress of slaves—but, on the other hand, surrounded by modern troops and representatives of one of the most efficient air force units, for its size, in the World. Siam is certainly a kingdom of contrasts. A modern golf-course not far from the building which houses their sacred white elephants; where every man of rank receives a Western education, yet should become a Buddhist priest for a portion of his life. With aero- planes flying overhead. In some native hut the ancient custom of baking the mother of a new-born babe is being carried out over the ceremonial fire of wood. We leave by train for Penang, in an up-to- date and, what is more, a comfortable sleeping berth, but on the way to the station we pass literally hundreds of yellow-robed Budd- ist priests begging their morning meal at sunrise. These are a few of the contrasts of Siam, and of a people who have suddenly decided to question the almost divine power of their ruler. 