jT persona" I Mr. P. M J. Baker, M H.R for Oxley, and Mrs. Baker left by Thursdays mall for Townsville Letters addressed to 1-r Baker at the Federal Mem- bers' Room, GPO, will be forwarded to him for attention. Mr. George Law- son, MHR for Biisbane, has consent- ed to attend to any urgent matters re- garding the Oxley electorate Mr Baker will return to Brisbane in about three weeks' time The Horns Secretary (Mr E M Hanlon) will pay an official visit to Dunwich to- day. At a meeting of Consuls in Brisbane, held yesterday in the Royal Danish Consulate, at which Mi T W. Bouch- ard (Consul for Denmark) presided /Licutcnint-Colonel Vilhelm Larsen (Vice-Corsul fo- Denmark) was re elected honoiary secretary to the Con sular body. « At the State Children's Department yesterday fire1 eli was said to Mr I Albert Philips inspector, State Chil- j dren s Department who has been retired lrom the Public Seivlce, having reached v the age limit On behalf of the officeis of the Department the Dnector Col ' G A Ferguson referred to the past services of Mi Philips who has been serving the Government faithfully since Sep'emboi 25, 1880, when he was appointed a messenger undei the late Sir Ralpn Gore at the Immigration Department Brisbane and has there- ( fore completed nearly 53 veais' serv- ice On behalf of the officers of the depaitment the director presented Mr Philips with an overcoat Messis H Clarke (deputy director), W T Wool- ley (chief inspector) ind W C Smith (inspector) al'o spoke Mr F C Hutt deputy chairman of the Metropolitan Meat Industry Board Sydnej called on Mr E M Lunney, secretary of the Queensland Cheese Boaid, yesterday. Mr W A Y Pi ide arrived from Melbourne by the Katoomba yesterday Mr Pi ide has been connected with Hemingway and Robertson, Pty, Ltd, for some time in Melbourne, on Alexander Hamilton Institute work and has been transferred to Brisbane to cany on that woik at tue local office He was accompanied by Mrs Pride. Mr Anton Bakker (manager in Aus- tralia for the Royal Packet Naviga- tion Co ), who has been on a business tiip to Europe is returning to Aus- tralia by the KPM linei Nieuw Zee land via Singapore, and will airlve in Brisbane on July 6 Mr Jack F Hennessy (Messrs Hen- nessy Hennessy and Co architects and consulting engineers), who has just returned from a professional trip to Africa, England and the Continent, will leave Sydney by the Monteiey to- morrow for New Zealand He will visit Auckland Wellington and Napier with the object of reporting on build- ing piojects Within a few weeks he will return to Biisbane, with the in- tention of having some new worjc com- menced locally Mr and Mrs T Griffith (North Tambonne) will leave by the Katoomba for the North, where they will spend six weeks. Tlie following passengers arrived in Brisbane yesterday in the New Eng- land Airways monoplane -Mr. Keev eis from Sydney, Mr Thornton, Mr and Miss Ainsley, from Lismoie 