CORRESPONDENCE. THE ECONOMIC OUTLOOK. (To the Editor.) Sir,—While the Queensland workers, generally, are jubilant over—and the official Labour Party are bemoaning— the result of the East Sydney election, we may be apt to overlook events which are taking place in other parts of the world—notably Great Britain—events which may ultimately have considerable bearing on economic conditions in Australia. No matter whether we in Australia may be governed by a capitalist or a socialist government, or whether industry may be controlled by the workers in co-operation, as suggested by "Beer With a Dash," our economic relations with the outer world will remain the same. Our overseas interest bill, which exceeds £30,000,000 annually, exactly represents the difference, at the present time, between financial prosperity and stagnation to Australia. It is surely time our governments arrived at some conclusion as to whether the countries to which we pay this large annual "slug" should not regard this as sufficient reciprocity in return for any preference which may be granted our export goods. Is it not sufficient that Great Britain, by giving preference to Australian products, should make more secure the interest of British bondholders? There is no one who can better ridicule the Labour politician and the would-bes than can "Beer With a Dash." Yet, outside of co-operation in industry, he offers little in the way of suggestion as to how our thousands of unemployed are to be returned to work. Candidly, I would ask him: Is he of the opinion that the British preference of 10 per cent, granted to Australian butter and cheese. Wheat, wool, cotton and penny and one halfpenny per pound, respectively, and which will mean a mere two or three thousand pounds extra for the Darling Downs, will provide work for one single member of our unemployed? I would also ask him: Would not a similar grant of an extra 10 per cent, preference on British manufactures imported into Australia, displace Australian workmen to the extent those imported manufactures would provide work for the British workmen? It is in this connection that our overseas interest payments should be kept well in the forefront of deliberations. The National Government of Britain, elected on a wave of patriotism with a desire, on the part of the people, to experiment with anything which might help to retrieve the lost value of the £ sterling, has definitely decided on protection. The majority of those who support it, however, do so only by way of experiment, and if costs of production increase, as they must do, * the tariffs will be short-lived. Preference to the Dominions is practically confined, so far as Australia is concerned, to butter and cheese. Wheat, wool, cotton and beef, are on the free list, and the conditions presently affecting the export of sugar, wines and dried fruits will probably remain the same. For the life of me I cannot see why we should be elated over this preference, because I fail to see that it will provide work for a single person on the Downs. Do the farmers realise that the benefits they are receiving through the adverse exchange rate are 21 times greater than the benefit they will receive through this preference? Will the difference of one penny per pound on export butter make or mar the dairying industry of Australia? Mr. J. H. Thomas apparently thinks so. He says this preference should encourage immigration to the Dominions. Politicians? Why most of them do not even understand the rudiments of international economics. The crowning point of our preference is, however, that it is granted up to the time of the Ottawa Conference only. Doubtless it is anticipated that the Bri- rish delegates will in return secure a similar advantage for British exports. Britain's adverse balance of trade has but little to do with the fall of the £ sterling, because her foreign investments (returning about £40,000,000. from Australia alone) and shipping returns more than account for the balance of imports over exports which amount to £100,000,000. In pre-war days, I think, the adverse balance was even higher with little evil consequences until the position became more pronounced by reason of the high war debt commitments. George Bernard Shaw once said that the world would have been a better place to live in had Napoleon never been born, and in this regard the people of Britain have cause to remember the parts played by Lloyd George and Lord Northcliffe in pawning the total production of the British worker and his machine for the next threequarters of a century—unless something happens. I am in agreement with Mr. Herbert Samuel that Britain will reduce her adverse trade balance by keeping the stomachs of the poorer classes working at low pressure We in Australia well realise that protection makes for a higher cost of living, and therefore a higher cost of production, and the person who thinks otherwise can only be classed as a fool. The "whole hog" protectionists of Britain are certainly not fools. Ratlier could it be said that most of them belong to the other of the two sections into which civilised races are divided. A tariff of 10 per cent, imposed on Danish butter imported into Britain will make not one iota of difference to the Danish exporter, because the price will remain the same to the exporter, with the British consumer finding the added 10 per cent. Otherwise the preference granted to the Dominions would avail Australia nothing in respect of its butter export. Your journal in Saturday's issue says: "We should not forget that while tariffs may be instruments of national good, too much of them may cause 6erious national injury." Quite so! But why, in the same breath, eulogise the British National Government in the proposal to increase tariffs to 100 per cent. The British exporting manufacturer, especially in the North of England and Scotland, is a natural freetrader, because he fears increased cost of production will retard the expert trade. The British manufacturer for home consumption, especially those around Sheffield, Nottingham, and Birmingham, who suffer from foreign competition, are natural protectionists. TUe Labour "Protectionists" also represent constituencies which suffer from this competition. The Imperialist section, who favour either Empire preference or Empire free trade, are in- 1 terested in Dominion and Colonial stocks and other investments. There are other sections, the opinions of which are based on similar lines; but at election times all their interests are sunk, or rather boiled down and clarified into a mixture named patriotism. It seems to me that the Britishers who in years gone by left the shores of Britain, left that country lor their own gcod and not for that of Britain, and from what I can gather in Australia neither they nor their families have any desire that Australia should become Britishised. Thus the question of Empire free trade will never be discussed here. I wholeheartedly agree. One would think, on reading the cabled reports on the tariff question that Britain's troubles have been relegated to oblivion, but I venture the opinion that within two years the effect of the tariffs will seriously retard the progress of that country. It would be quite possible to build a wall around Australia and we could still live comfortably, but not so with Great Britain, unless the standard of living was reduced to the level of an Eastern race. Such is the difference between the protectionist policies of Australia and Great Britain. After all there is little difference between the conditions of a country whose currency has depreciated and a country which is tariff protected provided, in the former case, the currency exchange could be regulated. Great Britain is merely adopting the latter to replace the former state of being.— } | Yours, etc., Willowburn, February 13, 1932. I GEO. DEWAR. j 