News In Brief At the Melbourne City Court on June 25, Harold James Kussell (26), a mechanic, of Cowper-strcet, Footscray, was charged with triple murder, and remanded without bail till July 1\. The victims were Mrs. Ivy Letilia Russell (27) and two sons—Harold George (3) and Eric (14)—who were drowned in the Sunshine swimming pool on Saturday, June 11. • • • A 1,300/ dollar suit against Sir Kingsfordf Smith and his flight companions by the Aliercronit$e Fitch Fashionable Haberdashery^. Store, U.S.A., for outfitting the quartet prior to the Atlantic westward flight began on June 27. • • • Ernest Albert Brown (40), clerk, was arrested in Perth on warrant on June 25 on a charge that he, on June 23, at Perth, knowingly and fraudulently uttered a false document purporting to be a cheque drawn on the Commonwealth Savings Bank, dated June 20, 1932, for tlie amount of £14/6/9, and signed Alfred Carson (chairman), Everitt Atkinson (member), and Ernest A. Brown (secretary). Accused is a well- known figure in Parliamentary circles, being Usher of the Black Rod in the Legislative Council. • • • Five Chicago banks with deposits of ten million dollars, closed on June 25, making the total 33 for June. Runs continued on downtown banks, which were successfully, met. Women fainted in the crowds withdrawing funds. • • . • • A spark generated by a magneto near an open underground petrol tank caused an explosion which blew out two plate-glass windows at Hubbard Motors, Grotc-stTcet, Adelaide, June 25. Prompt use of a fire extinguisher prevented the building catching fire. The petrol in the tanks ignited. Three men were injured. • • • Vast Crowds turned out to welcome Cardinal Lauri, the Papal Legate to the Eucliaristic Congress, when he iir rived at Kingstown, where he was re- ceived by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the Free State President (Mr. De Valcra). Thousands knelt by the roadside in emotional fervour as the Papal Legate passed slowly along a seven-mile route, blessing the multitude. This is the first time in which a Papal Legate has landed in Ireland for 290 years. • • • Allegations of sexual depravity in State schools made by the State Anglican Sunday School organiser (Miss Warren Thomas) have raised a storm in Adelaide. Miss Thomas also said that children in some places not far from Adelaide knew the names of God and Jesus only as swear words. These statements have brought an indignant rejoinder from the Director of Education (Mr. Adcy). "The statement that children know the names of God and Jesus only as oaths is a slander on the great majority of children attend ing our public schools" he said. "The moral standard in our schools is ol a high character, and it is a rare occurrence indeed to have any complaint about tlie behaviour' of pupils cither in or out of schools." • • • At Cuyuthlan, states a message from Mexico City, a tidal wave swept inland for more than a mile, levelling everything in its path. Two brief minor earthquakes preceded the heavy tremor which ushered ill the wave and siived to rouse the inhabitants, many of whom fled to the beach for safety. There the tidal wave trapped them, sweeping many inland to death or out ward to sea to drown. The shocking of Archibald Cecjil Gibbs (58) outside the Children's Court on June 8 was inquired into by the City Coroner on June 24. Catherine O'Byrne (46) who had been remanded on a charge of having murdered Gibhs, was present. After hearing the evidence the Coroner returned a verdict of death from bullet wounds accidentally received while struggling for the possession of jt he revolver, and he discharged O'Byrne. • * • Found guilty in London on June 21 of having killed his wife and two cliil dren, who were found shot dead at Sigdon Farm, Kingsbridge, on May 7, William Yeoman (50), farmer was declared to be insane and was ordered to be detained. • • • An American plan for the reduction of the armaments of the world—land, sea and air—by nearly one-third was announced simultaneously at Geneva and Washington on June 22. To curtail the offensive power of land forces, the plan recommends the abolition of tanks, clicmical warfare, and large calibre guns. The British delegate at Ihc special meeting of (he general commission of the Disarmamen Conference, before which itlic Geneva announcement was made, welcomed the proposal; but expressed doubt as to the appropriateness and adequacy of the naval clauses. Hostility was evident in the French delegate's comment, but Italy and Germany expressed complete tjfrproval.. Japan is opposed to the suggested reduction in capital ships. • • • Damages amounting to £300 were awarded by Mr. Justice Divyer, in the Supreme Court on June-23 in the case in which Dr. M. O. Gorman had sued Dr. T. P. Byrne (both of Kalgoorlie)'on the ground of slander. The hearing of evidence occupied six days hut last week a settlement was arrived at and the case was withdrawn from the jury on the understanding that Dr. Byrne apologised for his conduct and paid all costs of the action. • * • The hearing, at Miami, of a charge igainst Mrs. Keith Miller, the Australian flyer, that she entered . the United States illegally, was postponed on June 24. No intimation was made by the immigration officials when it will be.held. V • » • In the Melbourne Criminal Court on June 21, a sentence of seven years' imprisonment was imposed on Alfred Gillis (20), labourer, on a charge of having committed an offence against a young woman at Fitzroy on May '22. Gillis allegedly attacked the woman while she was going Jiome from a dance. The hearing of a charge of murder against a Soulier named Collins, was opened ill the Asluord Police Court oil June it. Collins was arrested alter the liudiug ol tlie tlead bodies of Mrs. Janie bunt (.03J, her daughter, Mrs. Jennie lreinayne bteuip (ii), and l'eggy (Id) a daughter oi Mrs. atcnip m Kings Wood, near Challock, Kent, on June 14. Alt the victims had died trom gunshot wounds. Accused was remanded until June 28. • • • Before a crowd of 75.0UU at New York, .the American J atk Sharkey (14st. 91b-) was awarded the decision over the German, Max Schuieling (13sl. 61b.), the holder, in a 15-round contest on June 21 lor the heavyweight boxing championship of the world. The verdict ol the judges lias been disputed by the Press. « • • After a desperate attempt to Sail the leaking trawler Charlie Cam to Sydney, tlie master (Captain S. J. Gibson) was forced to beach the ves sel at BuHga Head, 10 miles north of Tathra. The crew of 12 abandoned the ship and reached shore safely. * • • An extraordinary story of a series of alleged bank thefts by employees was told in the Sydney Central Police Court on June 22, when Stuart Charles McLean (41) clerk, Frank Phibbs (42), clerk, and Horace John Finn (49), clerk, were charged with having stolen £5,099, the property of the Commercial Banking Co., of Syd ney, Ltd. The three defendants were committed for trial. * • • Suffering from leprosy, a family of live aborigines has been removed from Morcton, near Coen (Queensland) to the Peel Island lazaret. Such a case where all the members of the family arc affected with the disease, is regarded as most .unusual. Three other natives suffering from leprosy and one suspect arc in the Cairns Hospital, and will be transferred to the island shortly. • * • After examining 13,666 carcases of New Zealand lamb and mutton fol lowing their discharge at Avonmoulh (England), Dr. Parry, health officer at Bristol, announced that a number of carcases were stained with arsenic which had apparently soaked through from hides stored in the hold above. Many of the carcases were condemned • • • A notorious tobacco smuggler, Louis Lesser, who in 193U was fined £5,74U, or six months' gaol for smuggling a ton of tobacco in bales of waste paper from Antwerp, was fined £15,000 at London on June 24 iu default six months' imprisonment, for smuggling another ton in an old (submarine cliasqjr. Lesser . smiled jud winked when the Magistrate marked, "You probably know the limit of my jurisdiction." # m « The Eucliaristic Congress reached its climax on June 20, when all assembly estimated at a million heard mass ill Phoenix Park (Ireland). Later the Blessed Sacrament was taken in a procession five miles long to an altar oil O'ConncIl Bridge in the ceultre of the city, where the Papal Legate pronounced benediction upon the multitude » » » There has been a revival of terrorism in the East Bengal. Early on J-unc 27 Kamakya Prasad Sen, a special magistrate of Munshinganj (Dacca) was found shot dead in room of the house of S. M. Chatlerjec, a sub- divisional officer of Wari, whom he was visiling. The assailant entered by a window and shot Sen at close range several times, while he was sleeping, and then cscapcd. No arrest lias been made- Sen is the first Indian magistrate to be killed by the terrorists. There was an exciting sequel to the Canton Government's war against rebellious naval craft on June 26, when a number of Government aeroplanes began bombing the rebel fleet. Six bombs fell close to H.M.S. Moor hen, being deliberately aimed appa rcntly under the mistaken belief that she was a rebel Chinese boat. Luckily no injury was done. Fearing further attacks, about a dozen of the rebel boats took • refuge' • in British • waters. There was a dramatic development when the Italian salvage ship Artiglio was arrested on its arrival at Plymouth on June 26 with bullion recovered from the wreck of (he P. and O. liner Egypt, which was sunk off Brest during the Great War. The vessel was arrested under instructions from .the Admiralty Marshal.' A warrant was attached to the mainmast and the holds were sealed. Conimcndatore Quaglia, of the Artiglio, says that £180,000 worth of bullion has been raised from the wreck and that nearly £1,000,000 worth remains. • • • A provisional agreement lias been made between the Danish Ministry of Public Works and the British firm of Dorniau, Long and Company for he construction of a railway' and bridge across the strait separating the islands of Zeeland and Falster. The cost of the work is estimated at about £2,000,000. The bridge, which will be over two miles long, will be the longest in Europe. * * • A message from Singapore states that King Prajadhipok, of Siam, is accepting the terms dictated to him by the newly- formed People's Party. Without disorder or disturbances of the life of the Siamese capital, a coup dclat was successfully accomplished and the last remaining absolute monarchy in the world has passed. • • • With Communist members siding with the Nazis, the Prussian Diet, on June 26, passed a Bill confiscating- the entire property of all East European Tj-ws entering Prussia since August, 1914, and converting it to aid the unemployed. The Bill has astounded the Jews, who hope that the central Government will veto it. Another Bill prohibits State theatres from employing Jews. • * • • Lawrence Francis Healey (J8) of Botany-road. Botany, N.S.W., met a terrible death on June 19. Caught in machinery, his leg was horribly torn, and he died in hospital soon afterwards. 