CHILD MA81ERY OF sPEfEC I.r,?PFL,. O?ASVATIONM. Ti. prattler h:as on hand one of 1d, biggest jobs in his life. Given a fair chance, he makes of learning his. mother tongue a success whioh later linguistic achievements never quite rival. What is the secret of it It is not the mother's tongue, that is, in the sense that the speech of the mother is the governing fac tor in the way the child learns to speak. Mr. Baldwin's mother was a Miss Macdonald, but who would guess it to hear him? A Danish observer reports cases of children whose mothers are Nor wegian-speaking, or possessed of a very pronounced Swedish or Ameri can accent. The children all speak Danish without a traice of accent. Apparently all the surroundings at about the age of three come into play. The mother is often pro minent, the father less influential being less conversational, however companionable-and servants have often to be considered. Children of European parentage born in 1r dia often learn a native languag. before English. Danish children T Greenland, Eskimo before Danish, German children in the former African colonies, a native language. before German. A trace of accen, is apt to remain throughout life, coupled with a strong tendency t, revert to the first language when ever an opportunity occurs. But there is a stronger factoi which may outweigh any of these. That is the company of other child. ren of like age, or slightly o.der. It has often been oliserved that the second and later children of a family usually learn to speak much quicker than the first-born Many a child has had peculiarities of ac cent knocked out of (or into) hi'n by other children, sometimes by anything but gentle means. Before this power, theoretical con siderations go down like ninepins. One might suppose racial predilec tion for particular sounds to be in herited. But it is found that the children of foreign immigrants to England, Denmark, and America, learn to sneak the new language as well at children whose ancestors have belonged to the country for ages. It is probable that a child of European parents, learning to speak among Chinese or Kaffirs, would have no greater difficulty in acqnir ing the peculiar soundforms of thnoe languages than a Chinese or Kaffir child. He would have difficult.v; all children have in learing to speak, for their vocal organs are not, as many assume, more flexible than i i later years. Their mistakes sh. r that many sounds have to be mas tered by persistent effort. Nor is their ear more acute to perceive subtle differences; it has to be trained by practice. An explanation sometimes offered for the quickness in learning one's mother tongue is that the child has little else to do at the time. This is a mistake: the period is one of the busiest in his life. There are dozens of things he wjnts to know all at once. What, then, is the clue to this miracle of a first success in language learning that we never repeat For even a language acquired abroad never quite equals it. It lies in two ýiings; partly the age at which we tarn it, partly the attitude of those h.rout us. The age is that at which 6'e are best' at learning anything I !w. But we profit most by the fact tCst we get, as at no other period, .-~t ess friendly repetition from aother, nurse, or other children, of 'ords dealing with just what we are - iuxterested in at the moment. There is no talk about snow in June, or summer doings in winter, as is apt to occur in the best of language les sons. There is one way of frustrating the miracle. No child can acquire two "mother" tongues simultaneously. The hi-lingual child ma achieve marvellous fluency in both lan guages, but in neither will he have the perfect mastery of one speaking his mother tongue. Edward Gordon Ciraig, the writes on the stage, in his book. "Ellen Terry and her Secret self," paints the following candid picture of him. acself :--When I considelr my. mother 1 have rw :lly nothing good to say fCr thie son .. . I was born sleepy--.fat, fair- hairled, and fast asleep . . .a .ourm.a d, a sinualist, a sen?sitad -,anp, ad a dreamer. 