News In Brief At the Melbourne City Court on June 25, Harold James Russell (26), a mechanic, of Cowper-street, Footscray, was charged with triple murder, and remanded without bail till July 1\. The victims were Mrs. Ivy Letitia Russell (27) and two sons—Harold George (3) and Eric (14)—who were drowned in the Sunshine swimming pool on Saturday, June 11. » • A 1,300 dollar suit against Sir Kingsford Smith and his flight companions by the Abercrombjie Fitch. Fashionable Haberdashery Store, " U.S.A., for outfitting the quartet prior to the Atlantic westward flight began on June 27. • • • Erucit Albert Brown (40), clerk, was arrested in Perth on warrant on June 25 on a charge that he, on June 23, at Perth, knowingly and fraudulently uttered a false document purporting to be a cheque drawn on the Commonwealth Savings Bank, dated June 20, 1932, for the amount of £14/6/9, and signed Alfred Carson (chairman), Everitt Atkinson (member). and Ernest A. Brown (secretary). Accused is a well- known figure in Parliamentary circles, being Usher of the Black Rod in the Legislative Council. • • Five Chicago banks with deposits of ten million dollars, closed on June 25, making the total 33 for June. Runs continued on downtown banks, which were successfully, met. Women fainted in the crowds withdrawing funds. « • • A spark generated by a magneto near an open underground petrol tank caused an explosion wliich blew out two plate-glass windows at Hubbard Motors, Grote-street, Adelaide, on June 25. Prompt use of a fire extinguisher prevented the building catching fire. The petrol in the tanks ignited. Three men were injured. • • Vast crowds turned out to welcome Cardinal Lauri, the Papal Legate to the Eucharistic Congress, when he arrived at Kingstown, where he was re- ceived by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the Free State President (Mr. De Valera). Thousands knelt by the roadside in emotional fervour as the Papal Legate passed slowly along a seven-mile route, blessing the multitude. This is the first time in which a Papal Legate has landed in Ireland fdr 290 years. • • • Allegations of sexual depravity in State schools made by the State Anglican Sunday School organiser (Miss Warren Thomas) have raised a. storm in Adelaide. Kits Thomas also said that children in some places, not far from Adelaide knew die names of God and- J£sus only as swear words. These statements hane brought an indignant rejoinder from the Director of Education (Mr. Adey). "The statement that children, know the. names of God: and Je6us only as oaths is a slander on the great majority, of children attending our public schools" he said. "The moral: standard' in our schools is ot a high character, and it is a rare occurrence indeed to have any cotnplaint about the behaviour of pupils either in or out at schools." « • At Cuyuthlan, states a message from Mexico City, a tidal wave swept inland for more than a mile, levelling everything in its path. Two brief minor earthquakes preceded the heavy tremor which, ushered in the wave and scived to rouse the inhabitants, many of whom fled to the beach for safety. There the tidal' wave trapped them, sweeping many inland to death or outward to sea to drown. « • The shoeing of Archibald- Ceqtl Gibbs (58) outside the Children's Court oil June 8 was inquired into by the City Coroner on June 24. Catherine O'Bj-rnc (46) who had been remanded on a charge of having murdered Gibbs, was present. After hearing the evidence the Coroner returned a verdict of death from bullet wounds accidentally received while struggling for the possession of jthe revolver, and he discharged O'Byrne. » • • Found guilty in London on June 21 of having killed his wife and two chil dren, who were found shot dead at Sigdon Farm, Kingsbridge, on May 7, William Yeoman (50), farmer was declared to be insane and was ordered to be detained. • • • An American plan for the reduction of the armaments of the world—land, sea and air—by nearly one-third was announced simultaneously at Geneva and Washington on June 22. To curtail the offensive power of land forces, the plan recommends the abolition of tanks, chemical warfare, and large calibre guns. The British delegate at the special meeting of the general commission of the Disarmamen Conference, befbre whfch ithe Geneva announcement was made, welcomed the proposal; but expressed doubt as to the appropriateness and adequacy of the naval clauses. Hostility was evident in the French delegate's comment, but Italy and Germany expressed compete iit>proval. Japan is opposed to the suggested reduction in capital ships. • • • Damages amounting to £300 were awarded by Mr. Justice Dwyer, in the Supreme Court on June 23 in the case in which Dr M. O. Gorman had sued Dr. T. P. Byrne (both of Kalffoorlie) on the ground of slander. The hearing of evidence occupied six days but last week a settlement was arrived at and the case was withdrawn from the jury on the understanding that Dr. Byrne apologised for his conduct and paid all costs of the action. • • • The hearing, at Miami, of a charge against Mrs. Keith Miller, the Aus- tralian flyer, that she entered the United States illegally, was postponed on June 24. No intimation was made by the immigration officials when it will be held. • • • In the Melbourne Criminal Court on June 21, a sentence of seven years' imprisonment was imposed on Alfred Gillis (20), labourer, on a charge of having committed an offence against a younc woman at Fitzroy on May 22\. Gillis allegedly attacked the woman while she was going home from a dance. . The hearing of a charge of murder against a soiaier named Collins, was opened in the Aslitord Police Court on Juue Collins was arrested alter the finding ot the dead bodies of Mrs. Janie Switt (63), her daughter, Mrs. Jennie iremaync Meinp (35), and feggy (13) a daughter oi Mrs. stenip in tung s Wood, near Challock, Kent, on June 14. All the victims had died from gunshot wounds. Accused was remanded until June 28. • • • Before a crowd of 75,000 at New York, the .American Jack Sharkey (14st. 91b-) was awarded the decision over the German, Max Schmeling (13st. 6lb.), the holder, in a 15-round contest on June 21 lor the heavyweight boxing championship of the world. The verdict ot the judges has been disputed by the Press. • * • After a desperate attempt to sail the leaking trawler Charlie Cam to Sydney, the master (Captain S. J. Gibson) was forced to beach the vessel at Bunga Head, 10 miles north of Tathra. The crew of 12 abandon ed the ship and » reached • • shore safely. An extraordinary story of a series of alleged bank thefts by employees was told in the Sydney Central Police Court on June 22, when Stuart Charles McLean (41) clerk, Frank Phibbs (42), clerk, and Horace John Finn (49), clerk, were charged with having stolen £5,099, the property of the Commercial Banking Co., of Sydney, Ltd. The three defendants were committed for trial. • • • Suffering from leprosy, a family of f.ve aborigines has been removed from Moreton, near Coen (Queensland) to the Peel Island lazaret. Such a case where all the members of the family are affected with the disease, is regarded as most unusual. Three other natives suffering from leprosy and one suspect are in the Cairns Hospital and will be transferred to the island shortly. « * » After examining 13,666 carcases of New Zealand lamb and mutton fol lowing their discharge at Avonmouth (England), Dr. Parry, health officer at Bristol, announced that a number of carcases were stained with arsenic which had apparently soaked through front hides stored in the hold above. Many of the * carcases • were • condemned A notorious tobacco smuggler, Louis Lesser, who in 1930 was fined £5,740, or six months' gaol for smuggling a ton of tobacco in bales of waste paper from Antwerp, was fined £15,000 at London on June 24. in default six months' -imprisonment, for smuggling another ton in an old (submarine chasqr. Lesser smiled and winked when the Magistrate remarked, "You probably know the limit of my jurisdiction." m 9 m The Eucharistic Congress reached its climax on June 26, when an as sembly estimated at a million heard mass in Phoenix Park (Ireland). Later the Blessed Sacrament was taken in a procession five miles long to an altar on O'Connell Bridge j in the cenltre "of the city, where the Papal Legate pronounced benediction upon the multitude. • * • There has been a revival of terrorism in the East Bengal. Early on June 27 Kamalcya Prasad Sen, a spe cial magistrate of Munshinganj (Dacca) was found shot dead in room of the house of S. M. Chatterjee, a sub- divisional officer of Wari whom he was visiting. The assailant entered by a window and shot Sen at close range several times, while he was sleeping, and then escaped. No arrest has been made. Sen is the first Indian magistrate to be killed by the terrorists. • • • There was an exciting sequel to the Canton Government's war against rebellious naval craft on June 26, when a number of Government aeroplanes began bombing the rebel fleet. Six bombs fell close to H.M.S. Moorhen, being deliberately aimed apparently under the mistaken belief that she was a rebel Chinese boat. Luckily no injur}' was done. Fearing further attacks, about a dozen of the rebel boats took • refuge « in British • waters. There was a dramatic development when the Italian salvage ship Artiglio was arrested on its arrival at Plymouth on June 26 with bullion recovered from the wreck of the P. and O. liner Egypt, which was sunk off Brest during- the Great War. The vessel was arrested under instructions from the Admiralty Marshal. A warrant was attached to the mainmast and the holds were sealed. Commen datore Quaglia, of the Artiglio, says that £180,000 worth of bullion has been raised from the wreck and that nearly £1,000,000 • worth » remains. • A provisional agreement has been made between the Danish Ministry of- Public Works and the British firm of Dorman, Long and Company for he construction of a railway and bridge across the strait separating the islands of Zeeland and Falster. The cost of the work is estimated at about £2,000,000. The bridge, which will be over two miles long, will be the longest in Europe. » * • A message from Singapore states that King Prajadhipok, of Siam, is accepting the terms dictated to him by the newly- formed People's Party. Without disorder or disturbances of the life of the Siamese capital, a coup d'etat was successfully accomplished and the last remaining absolute monarchy in the world has passed. * * • With Communist members siding with the Nazis, the Prussian Diet, June 26, passed a Bill confiscating the entire property of all East European lews entering Prussia since August, 1914, and converting it to aid the unemployed. The Bill has astounded the Jews, who hope that the central Government will veto it. Another Bill prohibits State theatres from employing Jews. * » • Lawrence Francis Healey (18), of Botany- road. Botany, N.S.W., met a terrible death on June 19. Caught in machinery, his leg was horribly torn, and he died in hospital soon afterwards. 