OF INTEREST TO FARMERS The wholesale pi-.ce of butter last ^veek in Perth was: Bulk 1/45 cash with order; 1/51 booked; Pats 1/43 (cash), 1/53 booked. Tightening the Reins:—August the firat^was-ja^jiist'Bctli^ momentous in' regard to tne "dairying industry in this State, as on that <jate 'in regard to the dairying industry of this State, as on that date, the dairying branch of the Agricultural Department ordained that the industry bad become suflU ciently established 'in this State to justify more explicit and definite grading as fat as the quality of the cream received by the different factories was concerned. Hitherto it has been deemed adequate and sufficient to grade cream into two qualities— first and second. But from and after August 1st three grades have been laid down as mandatory. That is to say "choicest" has been set apart as! being worthy of definite recognition and extra paymelit. For some time there has been a distinct and definite feeling thtit those dairymen who aimed at producing "choicest" cream only, were entitled to more financial recognition than those who were satisfied with a lower grade. It was felt that the provision of consistent "choicest" quality entailed more work, a higher standard of clean- liness and hygiene all round, . and furthermore more frequent transport to the factqries. and therefore more expense. The opinion was expressed that the industry would never be lifted onto a higher plane until those farmers who were aiming at the highest grade of efficiency were paid a little extra as compared to those who'weVe satisfied'with less exacting 1 standards. Frequent representations "were made to the Department to this effect and the matter was materially .advanced by one factory which consistently paid more for ''choicest" . cream and claimed that the. resultant advantage as regards quality, of .butter fully justified this departure in practice as compared to. the trade generally. On the other hand it was stated that the other .factories >vere, deterred from following this example owing to the alteration to their systems of bookkeeping which would be involved, to say nothing of the losses in stationerjr_-already 'printed, and losses which, would be incurred in other ways. However, the Department ordained that the change should be made and ipso facto the new order is in existence. One of the consequences from the new departure will naturally be the desire of all dairymen to secure the highest return for their cream, and, therefore, it may be predicted with reasonable certainty that there will be a general notching up in efficiency, and cleanliness on the part of those who perhaps, hitherto, have not been as 'keen as they might have ibeen. From now on the pocket will be directly touched if anything but the best is supplied. No dramatic change for the better is instituted in any walk of life without difRt-ulties having to be encountered, and overcome. and it may be taken for granted that this will be no exception to the rule. In view of the general interest which this advance will occasion the Act and Regulation governing the change may with advantage be quoted as follows:— The Dairy Industry Act provides: Section (1) The manager of every dairy, produce factory shall grade, or cause to Tie graded, according to quality, all cream which is supplied to him, and in manufacturing 'butter therefrom shall keep apart Bnd not blend or mix either as cream. or butter the various grades thereof. It shall not be compulsory to grade cream in more than three qualities. The regulations under the Act provide: Section 26. Cream supplied to a Hairy produce factory for the manufacture of butter shall be classified iis follows:— No 1—Untainted, being superfiine, or choice grade. No. 2—Inferior, being first grade. 'No. 3 — Tainted, "being second grade or under. Untainted cream shall be free from all taints, from whatever soiirce arising, and have a smooth and even texture. Inferior cream shall be cream affected by food flavour, slightly physical, biological, or chemical flavour, by an odour absorbed from any substance which is not of an un-. clfean Or putrescent nature, or by a combination of any of these. Tainted cream shall be a cream (a) affected by an advanced physical, chemical or absorbed taint, or by an advanced biological taint •which has not reached the putra scent stage, o r by (b) cream if ' width are any flies or vermin or any other nature whatsoever. Chatting to a representative of this paper Mr. Lindholm, the manager of the Boyanup Butter Company stated that naturally so dramatic a change as regards the industry generally would take a little time in-adjusting itself to the circumstances of the industry and the special and particular problems of the South- Wfesfc The difficulties along the Great Southern would not be fpreat as they were here. In the Great Southern pastures there was no subterranean clover, or so little of it as not to affect the issue and therefore in that district there was practically no clover taint. But in "the South-West, particularly during : "four months of the year, the clover '' taint in the butter was a problem ' tfr&t; fcould not be ignored. It was to \- ! "be assumed that the Department would rehlifee'this difficulty or othergrise if the regulations were strictly enforced unquestionably during the neriod of the year under review, most of the S^uth Western cream would not come up to the requisite standard of quality as laid down by the Act. Doubtless, however, the reasonablness which had al ways characterised the Department in its attitude to tlje industry would be continued; and the difficulty would be overcome in such gradual stages that there would be no hardship entailed upon anyone. Feed flavour was to an extent coped with by pasteurisation; but this, notwithstanding, in the. spring time the flavour imparted by subterranean clover could still be detected, and visitors from the East invariably mentioned the taste which was imparted to our butter in consequence of our pastures being practically confined to this one particular kind of clover. The clover taint could he neutralised to some extent by cooling the cream at the farm and he thought those farmers who did not cool their cream would te well advised to adopt this course. In cooling the cream it was at the same time aerated to some extent, and this treatment percepibly neutralised the flavour. One or two other experts in the South-West discussing the matter of the clover taint which was such a feature in the South-Western butters during the clover season, remarked that the action of the Department would automatically result in the long run in those factories which were not equipped with flash pasteurisers installing this latest adjunct to factory efficiency. The Manjimup factory for instance had a flash pasteuriser and as a. consequence it was noticeable that the buter made in that factory carried the clover taint much less than the factories which were equipped with the old fashioned pasteurisers. I The Cape,] Butler Factory:—Dur-! ing the course of a conversation during the week with " well- known Capel resident a representative of this paper was informed that as a result of the opening of the Capel butter factory, and the rapid extension of its operations, the demand J. , . , , , for housing accomodation at Capel was is not greater an empty than the house supply^ at Capel There at ] the present time, and several mar ried men are lookii.g for houses for their wives and families.. There is no question, \- . remarked . ^ our , informant, . . - as to the benefit which the factory has you been can to Capel and I may add factory, von (tan and take all it that from it stands me that for the is increasingly appreciated by the people of Capel and the surrounding district." Trade Impediments:—Froiii time to time in these columns reference has been made to the unsettled state of affairs on the continent of Europe Cows Need a Rett:—Cows give better returns if given a rest. One cow in. the Iowa (U.S.A.) College herd produced 6261b. of butter fat in. one year. She was given an eight weeks' rest and produced 6531b. of fat the next year. Following this lactation she had only two weeks' rest and produced only 379 lb. of fat, a decrease of 274 lb. After that she again had a two months' rest, and gave 553 lb. of butter fat. and the very depressing effect that the quota system, total prohibitions, and other fiscal abominations were having on the butter market in London. In this respect it is interesting to note that in a letter received this | week from England the general op-! inion was that the unsatisfactory i condition of that market was solelv due to the causes above mentioned. It was stated that the system in vogue of quotas, high tariffs, and also the question of differences in currency all militated against the free circulation of the outputs of the various butter-producing countries. The case of Danish butter was a strikiny instance in this connection. Owing to the restrictions into France Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, and more particularly into Germany, larger quantities than usual of these descriptions were pressed for sale on the British market, with the result that during five weeks quotations fell from 104/ to 84/ per cwt. f.o.b., the latter being the equivalent with 10 per cent, import duty added to 96/ London. This f.o.b. quotation was the lowest on record since June, 1928. Although hot to the same extent this decline naturally was reflected in the value of Australian and New Zealand butters on the English market. Buyers appeared to have lost confidence in that market, and being fully satisfied that ample supplies would be available for some time to come would not operate in excess of their immediate requirements. The Other Side, of the Picture:— So .much evidence has been made available as to the difficulties under which the settlers in the South-West are labouring owing to the low price levels, and the conditions under which .dairymen are being asked to live, that it comes as a pleasant change to hear the other side. It may be remarked in this connection that the recent Dairying Commission, if it served no other useful purpose, at least served as a safety valve, which enabled a number of more or less disgruntled men to get rid of a good deal of discontent, which must have been impairing their digestion somewhat. After this some of them will perhaps get down to work. Mr. W. R. Shaw a dairy farmer of Harvey was one of the men who were not discontented. He stated that he was born in Scotland <and migrated to the dairying districts (ft Canada. He was at) in- structor on a State Farm in Canada in 19l)'i. Canada subsidised fai nnu-s pound for pound on silage, and not the money back through the increaied export of produce. In his o :iin-1 'on the bull subsidy scheme in opera- ; tion in this State should be modified. A man should not be debarred j from keeping the breed for which'b he has a liking. On his farm he had not used one pound of concentrates. He had 340 acres, some of which were irrigated. In his opinion the settlers needed to be educated in pasture improvement. He found no difficulty in producing butter-fat at present prices and made the work pay handsomely, and there was no reason why his neighbours should not do the same. His farm cost him £15 per acre, and he had paid interest on the purchase price, which ' ha d not been less than 7 per. cent until lately. He had been dojjig that on 100 acres? SettlerS shouw go in for small paddocks to be grazed over for about two hours in the' morning, after which the stock should be shut out. The pastures should be topdressed and harrowed. Working along those lines most of the farms in the district could be improved 100 per cent. Rotational grazing was! the secret of pasture management.! Australians, Who could be' trusted, constituted the finest material for dairying. They should educate the girls and boys in rural schools so that they would be fitted for their life's work. Lectures apropos of the industry should be given them. That would be the solution of the difficulty to a great extent. Hie future of the successful settlement of the land largely in the training of the children. In reply to questions Mr. Shaw said last year he received £1,300 for whole milk and butter-fat. He was paying £10 off his principal every month. He did not consider that he worked hard. Farm management in this country was so simple, as com- pared to Canada where it was necessary to hand feed stock. He considered that there was land here equal to anything in Bacchus Marsh. holding five yea^s, and he Zj^nnfiTnt'"^^* was confident that hej could continue to make it pay. Something to Ruminate Over: — A cow slaughtered by a butcher at Leigh, Lancashire (Eng.) contained eighteen articles weighing 41b. 3oz., which included a long file, chisels, bolts and nails. Bad Tobttcco Unwanted:—I read wjth h interest your comment )ast week to the effect that the Department «bf Agriculture is largely responsible for'the plight of the tobacco growers, who are left high and dry with their last year's crop, be- tAUSC cause they UlUJ were VYCIG Itlt left to HJ flounder I1UUI1UU in • th drak over this advene whiIe oth(?r avenue5 of agriculture safeguarded and directed by Government experts. This is so, only the best tobacco is saleable to-day writes a correspondent.. — „ , . Bad tobacco is at present a drug on the Austra] ian mark et; no manu- w factum. wants it at any price. At th the r(?cent auction sale| in Mel- f bourne only 45 per cent, of the dark leaf offered was sold, for the rest not a bid was made; and an average I of less than 2/ per lb. was reached I for all that was sold high prices for low grade leaf will do them no good, particularly at a time when the best foreign leaf can be landed in Sydney for 7d. per lb. No amount of protection will make people smoke what they do n ot , want; but if Australian growers c ° ul d produce a good article they ; v °" ld h ?ve no difficulty in selling leaf, and ultimately the necessity .. „ for importing would automatically b cease. The fact that Victorian and N.S.W. growers are already finding it difficult to find a market for their dark leaf, much of which is unsuitable for smoking at all, is a fair criterion of what manufacturers think of it. Sex Inheritance:—Carefully compiled private herd records in Sweden have shown that the normal* ratio of male calves born was 106.2 to every 100 females, with no significant variation in this respect bfetween the several breeds that were studied. This ratio checks very closely with data secured by American cattle breeders under official supervision. The Kojonup-Albany District: The Director of Agriculture, Mr. G. L Sutton, has mide available th* 'fol- j lowing report received from the Superintendent of Dairying, Mr. G. K. Baron-Hay, who recently visited the Kojonup, Muradup, Tunney, Cranbrook, and Albany districts and at each centre—by the request of the local Farmers' Organisation's—delivered a lecture dealing with methods by which the production of butter niay be. economically increased in these areas. It is not generally realised that the production of butter in districts of 20 inches and less of rainfall his increased approximately twofoid during the last 2 years arid that IS per cent, or approximately one-fifth of the dairy cow6 are found in these areas. As indicating the increased production in the districts mentioned above, that of Cranbrook may be cited. In 1929, 500 cans of cream were despatched from that station, in 1930 5,000, and in 1931 11,000, while at present 100 cans of cream per week are despatched from the Cranbrook Railway Station. As far as records arc available, the production of butter in these nnn. .11 rriVl (1 f areas is approximately one-eigth of the total production for the State, indicating that the dairy cows in ( these drv areas only produce 60 per ( cent of 'the production of those inj dairying districts proper. This difference in production is regarded to be due almost entirely to the lack of ample provision of fodder and not to the climatic conditions, as several of the leading herds in the Pure Breeds Herd Recording Scheme are situated in districts with less thanj 20 inches rainfall, such as the herds j of Messrs G. Burgess. York; A. W. Padburv, Koojan; H. Herbert, Nungarin- and T. H. Wilding, Mokine. The attitude of farmers generally towards the improvement of dairy' stock through the use of pure bred ® sires is quite different to that of several years ago. Evidence in several centres was not lacking to show the great influence on rt-oduction an outstanding sire will ha"vf on the dairy stock in. its im ncdiate vicinity, and several farmer? liav? een assisted under the Bull Subiidy Schrmc in replacing undesirable siies with pure bred bulls ex tested r'ams. The recent Dairy Fa-ra Competition indicated very clear'y that even in dairying districts the . jv^ok^si point in the system of farmng was fodder conservation, the average fodder conserved by the :leading dairy fanners being 1.3 tons per cow, while the seven leading farmers conserved 2.6 tons or exactly Awjce the tonnage of fodder per cova ' An even more important facto^ will be played -by fodder conservation" in these dry areas. Farmers rtate:-that good crops of Sudan 'Grass qan be relied upon in the districts mentioned, but the provision of silage either as stacks or preferably in trenches is recommended, the fodder conservation aimed at being . 3 tons tilage and li tons hay per cow. The outstanding feature of the condition of stock in all these districts is the lack of mineral matter, particularly phosphoric acid in the diet of dairy cows. The past summer being particularly long has resulted in almost all dairy stock in these areas suffering from acute mineral deficiency, and herds were seen where digestive troubles, partial sterility, and impaired production were apparent and no doubt due to such deficiency. The mineral supplement recommended is Di-calcic Phosphate which may be obtained as a lick from the leading Fertiliser firms. A minimum of 4 ounces of lick per cow should. be supplied in the feed during the dry summer months. Stack Ensilage:—During the week a representative of this paper had the opportunity of meeting a number of farmers who discussed at length the problems of the immediate moas ™nt affected by the low price rate now ruljng) whjch by the' Way it was interesting to note, was accepted as more or less indicating the standard which might be expected to apply to the next decade at least. It was pointed out that there might of course be a slight variation. The Ottawa conference might operate to advantage in this respect, but the price rate would still be low, and it would be the worst policy in the world to lay down any other policy than that which would have low prices as the ruling factor. That being so there was a consensus of opinion that conservation of fodder was one of the most urgent problems for the coming season. On all sides ensilage and still more ensilage is being talked, and the opinion was expressed by many settlers that this year will constitute a record ,. in "this- direction. - , Last' year .--- ould have seen possibly ten times e ensilage laid down but for the act that the unexpected heat of early October upset all calculations made with the idea of taking advantage of that month for silage mak- This year as little will be left to chance in this regard as possible. the discovery of a satisfactory ink for tattooing the ears of black pigs, anyone who finds a successful substance will earn the gratitude of pig breeders all over thi world. The Boyanup Uutlcr Factory:— There is no doubt that whatever may be said to the contrary the proprietary butter factories established' at oyanup and elsewhere in the South- West have come to stay. They are establishing wide connections, giving satisfaction to their patrons, and extending their plants and possibilities. The improvements effected during the winter months to thej Boyanup factory have now been] completed pnd have thoroughly' mo-, demised that unit. The other day a representative of this Daper had the. opportunity of inspecting the changes made and there is no question that the plant is now on a far different footing to when it was established. The building itself has been transformed, and is now partially of brick with cement facing, the balance being of asbestos sheeting so as to ensure an equable temperature during the course of the h <* J^he f'j n m T h e / S A t ^ converted from the original flat design to one of more modern constructioh. leading to a louvred roof, ensuring light and ventilation. Right throughout higiene and efficiency have been considered, and there is no question that the factory as in-; stalled to- day, comes un to a high standard of factory requirements A Superdreadnought churn of the latest pattern has been installed,' and the entire plant has been tuhed up so that it will be easily capable of coping with an output of 20 tons a week as the season advances to its peak. Ah adequate cool-rooih ca-- afcle of holding about 12 tons has been put in. The insulation of this room is very thorough and the addition of adequate cool storage should be of material advantage to the enterprise. The factory has a 12 ton freezer, the power being supplied by a 50 horsepower Marshall engine, and a 60 horsepower boiler. The testing room in conection with the factory which is under the personal supervision of Mr. Lindholm is so situated as to be in touch with every Department of the enterprise; North Queensland . Tobacco:—I notice that you have of late devoted a considerable amount of space to the position of tobacco growers in the WIest, comments a correspondent from the Balingup district. It mqy be of interest to your readers to know that I recently had a letter from Queensland in which it was stated that the representatives of practically every manufacturer in Australia are chasing growers in the Mareeba district to , sell, and practically all this season's leaf has been sold at rates ranging up to 4/ per lb. . . The average price of Mareebe le*f is likely to be round about 3/ per (Continued on Page 4.) FARMING NOTES ** H — (Continued from page 1) I li) and so far as is known not one lot has vt failed to find a buver Texas growers who sent * their yet 'this " " a t n ^ t ^ S grower^ reserve. nHv a te°'Latv an Subsequently i But 1 am equally confident that once suitable soil is found here, and the quality demanded by discriminating snioTccrs is produced, the Ma. | reeba challenge will be adequately answered. The facts remain that growers in this State have really never had a chance to produce good leaf; that h ; ' t t l t i i r i V HftSP&nHrte; r L yVe L n S , S searching for suitable soils Growers and officials alike have awakened to these facts as the resuit of this season's hard experience. T_ .7 c „ . •„ „._ dav, on the threshold of a wonderful! money-making industry. The time has come, however, when tobacco! growers should demand the "dinkum oil" about their industry, and not I listen to the vaporings of botanists and scientific workers. I The proof of the "fag" is in the smoke it produces, and if smokers will not smoke gaspers made from West Australian grown leaf, it is time that growers woke up to the fact and either change their crop or try to grow something that the public reaily wants. J'orcinc Population:—Last year Denmark admitted having 5,473,000 pigs, an increase of 292,000 or 6 per cent increase over the previous yea". The Cost of '.'rodiiction:—Mr. J. Dixon, an Agricultural Bunk Inspector, stationed at Pinjavva, states that the Bank's properties were revalued in 1926. Butter-f.it and all such-like products had gradually been falling in value since, hence the returns had not b««n equal to the anticipations of that lime. To balance this an increase of revenueproducing stock, entailing expense to increase, feed, and cany it, h.itbeen necessary. On most holdings the stock and production of butter- fat had been increased. It could as „ consequence be taken as almost general that the value of products is now approximately what was csi imated in 102G, notwithstanding I the drop in prices. Had working ex-! penses dropped in the same properlion, and at the same rate, this position would have been arrived at 1 sooner. Super and other manures I were either very little or. no cheap er. Machinery and fencing wire remained s'ery much the same as then. It was difficult to estimate any time ahead what the returns from farming were likely to be owing to market fluctuations and the uncertainty of the seasons, although the latter conditions could be counter balanced to some extent by the conservation, Of fodder. It should be fairly safe I to assume, however, that with the' exception of butter-fat most farm products arc at bed-rock at the present time. But a still further fall ill butter-fat prices appeared to be not impossible as the proportion of butter exported was increasing. As far as butter, bacon, anil whole milk are concerned, there appeared to be too big a margin where the price paid to the farmers was compared to that charged to the consumer. A farmer without capital had to pay a big price for credit. Take Super, for instance, with a cash price of £-1/10/ and .i-i/l-V for thirty days terms, whilst about S per cent, was charged for- longer periods based on the £4/35/ per ton. The farmer had to finance his business almost a year ahead. The manure which he buys will not give any return within three months, and the full benefit is not obtained for 12 months. Ali a farmer's requirements, manure, machinery and parts, fencing wire, etc., are sold to him at a fixed price which shows a profit to the manufacturer, agent, or storekeeper, whilst for his products he lias no control over their selling price and had to take whatever is offered in the open market, irrespective of what the costs of production have been. Handling costs such as railway freights, and selling cinunissions, ait) at the same rate whether he is showing a loss on the cost of production or otherwise. As the value of his products depends mainly on the price in other parts of Australia and abroad, it is a position which appears impossible to overcome, unless it is possible to fix a price for all produce used for liome consumption; or otherwise, farmers do more amongst themselves as regards co-operation—and fix their own prices. Farm Management:—Mr. Dixon said he was of the opinion Jthat a man on a property developed to carry 14 to 15 cows in a satisfactory manner should pay living and all ordinary working expenses, with the exception of liability on borrowed money {unless this be a small amount, when it could be done) and that each cow over and above this number should allow for the payment of £8 to £10 towards interest or reduction of mortgage. It was impossible to lay down a hard and fast rule as it depended largely to what extent a man was helped by his family. At present prices a cow should give an average of £H a year from butter-fat, and the value of calves for the season average £1/10/ per cow. Many settlers got much less than this and he observed that the quality of the cows supplied was chiefly blamed for the losses in this respect. The main reasons in his opnion were (1) Insufficient and unsuitable food. (2) cows are not handled and milked in a proper manner (children and irregular hours). (3) Calves are dropped too late and get the best results from natural succulent feed. (4) Owing to insufficient feed being conserved to supplement dry feed in paddocks from January to May and young growth from May to August, cows are low in condition when they calve, which means that their conetitution generally has to be: built up f ^ i T i ^ f i s S t a - A poorly ^veloped calf is als ° drop pel tfhich is detrimental to the f u line herd. Ton Modi Land:—Other causes of il. nation of many soldier strtlers the holding of ' and whe, f e the area excecds that nej"^?' , f ° r f • a ™ v of . hS h when developed, >t should be dispos- \- c much land on which rat.s, lanrijm tax, cost of fencing, and interest on | money borrowed to purchase or ; fence, has to be paid, whilst no re- ' turn or very Jitt! e > is derived from (i said M r " Dixon - Again even on! s s " la " ei holdings, big expense is] ^ grassing and -Riding to t n o n e ll « farmed to give the la^ld ^clSV/d ^ Cream Qualify Controls Sutter Quality:—Our knowledge of butter manufacture has increased greatly d j th , t f years_the most ' machinery, churns, pasterntfttf? <i£ <5 ritas H. D Barlow in the South , Australian "Journal of Agriculture." ! Although present-day methods of ^ , 1 . * „„.„ J , /„„J ;in i t.i-oa.tnrie«it._ fact do) w prevent b3_expected rapid deterioration rion after aner ireaimeni, treatment, we are unable j to (_and unaoie h a L% srood F?" 1 " anurac " ; tuied flom an lnfev,or cleanl ' , _ .,„.,. , , i A Spanish Settlement:—A corresth P^ent from <j'Busselton district casion t ! to 1 „ a^„ th< VIVfi' cHJll " go to the Spanish settlement at Yongerillup, situated about 15 miles from Busselton, in the Abba Sabina area, and he thought that it would be as well if other people were a little better informed as to what these Spaniards are doing, and the gallant fight which they have made to establish themselves without any assistance whatever—in this way, he comments, they seem to have succeeded in making an unconscious commentary upon the settlers we have unsuccessfully endeavoured to place on the land; although we have surrounded them_ with advice and financial help which the Spaniards had to do without. Some years ago about a dozen families of Spaniards located themselves on their present holdings. It is understood that the reason why they settled where they did was because the land was considered worthless and was, therefore, available to them at a very cheap price. At any rate while others considered the land of no account, to the Spaniards it seemed a golden opportunity to acquire properties of their own. But there was a difference in the attitude of the Spaniards to that ot the settlers which we tried to put on the land in the group settlements. The Span- 'ai ds had not the slightest thought "polling upon anybody and furthermore they were not afraid of work. They took then- coats off, and got to it, and to-day as a result of their years of effort, they have quite comfortable homes and appear to be quite wel! pfF. Certainly they make no complaints. They planted vineyards and have reaped the result of their industry and enterprise. Their children arc on the way to becoming excellent Australians. They have come under our standards of education. , and while some of their elders speak English with difficulty, the children speak just as well as our own. Young Sows:—Young sows are better in a growing condition with regular diets from the time they are weaned. The foods given should be such as produce flesh and bone without stimualting or leading to rapid growth and development. If this course be adopted the young sows will have well-formed bodies, be strong and active and quite capable of producing healthy progeny. These sows become domesticated, tame and easily handled in times of sickness. When gestation is going on the same judicious feeding is necessary. Sties should be speciallfitted up for farrowing, chopped straw being provided with .which the sow may instinctively prepare her bed. Many a good breeder becomes restless, nervous and upset when farrowing conies on, by being put into a strange sty with unfamiliar surroundings. This may entail serious loss. Local Control Urged:—Mr. W. W. Vickery. the officer in charge of the group settlements in the Busselton district states that he has always held the opinion that the South-' West possesses distinct problems from the wheat belt, and should be subject to separate control. Conditions were entirely different in this province. He suggested that there should be decentralised control. He agreed that a board comprising the supervisee a representative i of the settlers and a representative successful farmer in the district might be of assistance in deciding questions that arose from time to tirnie. He was of the opinion that the whole, group settlement scheme could be put on a better business basis. At times head office over-ruled the recommendations which were made by those who were on the spot. In those circumstances the position of the local officials was adversely affected and in consequence they did not get the results they should get from the settlers. The officials on the spot for instance might now that a man had. not milked his cows hy ten o'clock in the morning but unless they were supported they could not do anything. There were too many settlers who would be good workers under the direction of masters, but who were hopeless without that direction. This matter was under the consideration of the Department and he had discussed the question with the Premier. If he, personally, were given a free hand to deal with men of that typ he would control the whole of their revenue. He would take over the whole of the direction, map out a programme of work, take the revenue from all sources, and limit the expenditure. Under the existing conditions they averaged ninety settlers per inspector; an inspector could visit four or five settlers every day and map out a programme for a month in advance. Italian Potato Growers:—A correspondent writing from Waroona states that the Italians may be despised by some Australians, on account of their nationality, but it would seem that in one particular at least the Italians in the Waroona be comTOendk They are not afraid of hard furthermore they are not \- q { UuncWng out then,_ selves and gradually carving their way to independent. Among the Australians the majority of the un- I employed fall back upon the-Govern. ent to find them work and seem perfectly impotent to do anything I themselves. If the Australians are' open to criticism in this respect tiie mported immigrants from England d eem ten times jiiore useless. The! o Italians, however, view matters dif- j ferently. Evidently the Italian Go-: vernment has taught them to have more backbone. Anyway several j groups of them have taken on areas of suitable country for potato growing, and have cleared the land on condition that they should have the light to put in a crop of potatoes. If anyone were to make such a suggestion to the average Australian he would wonder if the other fellow was all right in his bead. But the Italians not only enter into such contracts cheerfully, but what is more they appear perfectly satisfied with the results. The country tackled in some instances is "paper bark" land which is another way of saying that the clearing could not be more difficult or arduous. Italians have just cleared about 8 acres of paper bark land belonging to Mr. Fitzgerald and put them under potatoes. To make this venture successful the Italians show that they are not only not afraid to werk and work hard but they get down to the job in the most workmanlike way. They work night and day and seem to think nothing of the arduous clearing involved. They pitch their camps right in the middle of the job they intend to do and just slog into it. The same applies to burning off. They keep their fires going night and day. Our men similarly situated, remark our correspondent, think it more manly to accept two days work a week. Australian Tobacco:—Anyone who knows anything about Australian tobacco and the condition of the trade in Great Britain will question the suggestion that the Commonwealth could compete against America,. Turkey, Egypt and South Africa on the home market states an Australian expert after travelling through Australasia. At the present time Over 16,000, 000 lb. of Nysaland and Khodesian tobacco, suitable for manufacture into tobacco, suitable for manufacture into cigarettes, is lying in bond in Liverpool and London, unsaleable. This tobacco, grown by blacks, is unsaleable even at 1/ per lb., and is equally entitled to the 2/ per lb. preference extended tof Empire- produced leaf as would be Australian leaf grown by whites, " How could Australian producers hope to compete on an even footing with this leaf, even if its quality were in any way comparable? It is generally agreed that flue- cured Australian tobacco costs at least 1/ per lb. to produce and market, yet the top price offered for the South African leaf in London was 1/ per lb. Even the highest grades of Rhodesian leaf are at present unsaleable, and it must be admitted by anyone with the slightest knowledge of the tobacco trade that our leaf is in no way to be compared with such produce. Too Much Land:—Chatting to a representative of this paper during the course of the week a visiting dairy expert, who has just travelled very carefully over the South-West remarked that he had been greatly impressed with the possibilities of the district. In fact he remarked the ri ogress of the South West from a dairying point of view is only in the beginning. One fact which impressed in e right throughout was that whilst without exception, the men engaged on the industry are attempting to conduct their operations on excessively large areas. Of course a number of factors are responsible for this state of things, but there is no getting away from the fact that from an economic point oi view—and economics now govern all classes of industry—large areas are a distinct handicap because they are a bar to high efficiency. The result in most cases is that large quan- .ities of feed go to waste, and where ring-barking has been carried out, and not followed up much of the. country is rapidly reverting to its former state. As a matter of fact, in this instance, the last state is worse than the first. Speaking by and large, of the South West, it may be asserted without fear of contradiction that thousands of acres of ringbarked land now carry millions of suckers, some of them being from 10 to 12 feet high, while others might rather be described as young trees. If these are left a few years longer, the cost of clearing will be greater than it was originally. With the price of butter-fat at its present low level, dairymen are finding it difficult, u not impossible, to cope with the position of financing the expenditure in-' .idental to these large areas, and many of them will either be ultimately forced to let a proportion of their holdings lapse into unproductiveness, or else they will be compelled to put a portion of their lands on the market and work smaller areas more efficiently. Could Not Spare the Time.—During the course of my trip I, drew the attention of a number of dairymen to the way in which their properties were drifting, and I was struck with the general trend of the replies which I received, remarked the visitor. Of course, the statements were dressed ir. different language according to the temperament of the man speaking, but for the main they were to the effect that they were carrying too much land to be effectively coped, with by the farmer himself; that he could not spare the time to go over the suckers with an axe, and he certainly could not afford to pay others to do the work. I think I can fairly accurately predict that the present state of affairs may last a little longer, and then in the natural order of things it will carry its own remedy in that the farmers will realise the position, and there will be a general movement towards the subdivision of those farms which are straining the resources of their holders. The smaller revenues which are now being realised, and the need for reducing overhead costs will automatically effect a change. .At the same time I think that some expansion in the case of the smaller herds will result from the lowering in the price of cattle which ate now coming closer to the profitable stage. One thing can be said distinctly, in favour of the South Western dairyman, as.against the dairymen of New South Wales and Victoria, is that he has not had to cope with the overcapitalisation which has proved such a crippling factor In j-egard to many Eastern States operators. Overcapitalisation during the boom days and revaluation at considerably lower figures has compelled many men to sub-divide, but'the realisation thai they are carrying too much'country to make a profit out of it has un oubted!}' been the deciding factor ver there in the majority of casewhere sub-division has been decidei up on. I may remark that (he same forces which will ultimately compe sub-division in the West are operating in the East in fact j am not sure that the difficulties of the primal - ; producer over there as compared to the conditions experienced in the South West are not very much mor> onerous. Eastern States' Developments.— When asked what was the most important development noticeable ii, regard to dairying, in the Eastern States the visitor said he thought he could without question say that the rapid and wide- flung expansion oi dairy farming on the western slopes of the dividing range was the mos important development of recent years. The area to which he al hided extended from Victoria tc Queensland, a distance of 700 miles and reached from 300 to 400 miles back "from the coast. The tola area which has changed over from wheat and wool production coverei about 75,000 square miles. Effort were .being made by the authoritie; to see that this development, whiclwas too undoubted to be mistake), should take place on an organised plan, local rivalries, and desires b e ing subordinated by the authoritie to the general welfare of the oopi munity. In this regard it might b mentioned that efforts were beinf made to obviate oho factor which h' had noticed in the South West, ant that wias a tendency for the butte factories to overlap. In the arer to which he had alluded, the author ities were trying , to curtail and dif courage unnecessary expenditure o capital, es^iecailly where it could b avoided. It has been found from experience of modern methods tha cream can be transported from 40 tc 60 miles, and arrive in a condition tc make choicest grade butter. Th' cost of transport of cream is one third that of the increased cost o' manufacturing in centres spaced only 20 to 30 niiies apart, with outputs of about five tons a week. It may be of interest to the dairymen of the South West to know that to deal most effectively and economically with the marketing competition of farm-made butter, the following recommendations were made at a rerent conference, held at Wellington': "That factories be placed not less than 80 miles apart"; "That factories be situated in an irrigable centre or within the 24 to 28-inch rainfall belt which runs north from the Victorian border to that of Queensland through Albury, Wagga Onotamundra, Wellington. Merrygoen, Narrabri and Inverell." Grasslands of the Empire.—The grasslands of the British Empire support at least 500,000,000 animals, according to Sir Robert Greig, in ah address before the Pan-African Agricultural Conference. He added that the intensive management of jrr'asslands in Australia, New Zealand and Great Britain is only beginning, but already it is plain .l.'nu' production can be doubled under skilful management. Even ferlil iters and artificial manures, concerning which we know more of than almost any other agricultural improvement, have far wider fields to conquer than any that they have yet subdued. Transport of Cream and Other Produce.—Mr. P. G. Hampshire, who at one time was Supervisor of Dairying in this State, and now occupies the position of agricultural editor oi "The Western Mail,", recently made some very comprehensive 6tate ments with regard to the marketing of produce in the South West, whicl •bore out tjie contentions advanced by Messrs. Hands and Roberts ii their able advocacy of deep wate l-erths and better harbour facilities at the port of Bunbury. He point ed out that the marketing of dair; and other produce in this State con stituted a very difficult problem. He contended that unquestionably th Government should interest themselves in this work as they could pro vide facilities for marketing .^ifh would be difficult of attainment with out State intervention. The matter of cool stores was a case in point. They had the spectacle for instance •ot Bunbury where 90 per cent, oj the butter produced in the State went through the railway yards, anc e.lso a large percentage of the fruit, on to Fremintle. The butter alone cost nearly £2 per ton freight to Freinantie, whereas with cool storeat Bunbury that expense could be saved. Again, from the point of view of the fruit, the pork and but ter industries, under the -system he suggested there would not be the. detrioration that now occurred during the hot weather. They had ha'" butter arriving in Perth at a tem perature of 93 degrees. There wa: no question that the practice of using ordinary railway vans for the conveyance of cream was detrimental to the quality of the cream and subsequently to the quality of the butter into which that cream was converted. In the interest of the industry proper louvred, air draught vans should be used as against today's ordinary type of • vans which' were just light ovens. He gave his assurance that at the Bridgetown depot of the company which he was recently the general manager of, they frequently had 4,500 lbs. of cream, 45 10-gaIIon tins, brought into Bunbury at a temperature of. 90 degrees. The cream had to remain in that van locked up all night, when the temperature was round about 90 odd. Such a procedure was simply an invitation to the cream to go bad. However the company was helpless in the matter. The difficulty had been created by the railway not providing^ suitable facilities. In answer to questions Mr. Hampshire said that if the Railway Department were to provide such vans as he had suggested and charged an extra freight for the produce carried in them it would be to the advantage of the producer. In three months last year the South-West' Co-Operative Dairy Products Com-, pany had £1,399 worth of secondgrade butter fat, in other words, they had 85,000 lbs. of secondgrade butter fat. .Only 6 per cent, of the cream Teceived was second grade. That was 4d. to. 6d. per.lb. jitider top price. When the pHce was Hid. and the settler was paid 4d, under that, he, only got twothirds of the original .price. Motors Versus the Railway?—Mr, Hampshire was interesting, when 1 discussing the question of motors in | competition with the railways. He ' was personally not In favour ot , motors running alongside the rail- i ways. However, when considering a question of that kind they should also bear in mind that the Railway Department should give the dairying industry better facilities. He did net, however* think that the failure of the Government to supply proper cool storage vans had affected this aspect of the transport question. The farmers themselves had not been, for the most part, concerned about the transport of their cream. The present position had been created more by the fact that some mnn. who perhaps had a motor, worked it cut that he could run 'She traffic cheaper. He then went round and saw the people. He possibly pointed out that he could get back- loading and took the cream to the factorv quicker. In some cases too, there was the point that the cream had to be carted from the farm to the siding, and from the railway to the factory, making double cartage, and the farmer considered that the one cartage from his gate to the factory was more economical. Those were the only instances in Mr. Hampshire's opinion where there should be competition, and even so that competition would be in respect of short trips only. It was siways the olicy of the South-West Co-1 Operative Dairy Company to d ; s-1 courage the use of motors and to encourage the use of the railways as much as possible. They took the) point of view that the railways were a State concern doing good work at cheap rates. At the same time there was no doubt that better facilities could be provided for the handling of butter. He secured data throughout last year showing the temperature of the railway vans when the n-eam came in at various points In' the South-West. He also took the! temperatures of the vans and of the { butter on arrival in Perth. He secured that data to make out a case for presentation to the Railway Department in favour of the provision of a better type of van. As far as the South-West is concerned the marketing of produce would be concerned largely with butter and butte—fat^, vealers, and steers, oork, poultry, vegetables and eggs. In considering this question one hONsible factor which had to be borne in mind was the possible community phase of transportation, especially' cs applied to cream and nigs. The practice of an individual farmer carting his cream to the siding was so much waste effort. One man could do the work instead of a dozen or more. It was in the mar- keting of pigs that the position was most pronounced. One man may ,cnd a few pigs and the same position might apply to quite a number of other settlers. They sent their uigs individually to market, Whereas half a dozen of them might club together and get a truck between them. That aspect was sometimes lost sight of, but in considering the economic handling of farming propositons. he thought this matter should be forcibly impressed upon, particularly the group settlers. 