THE BISHdP Of NORTH QUEENSLAND IMPORTANT SPEECH AT MALANDA. The Bishop of North Queensland was present at the Anglican Church Bazaar on Friday, August 5, at Ma landa, and addressed the gathering as follows: — ?'I am glad to be at Malanda. be cause I think the people of 'the district stand for what is most reliable, -most solid and persevering in Australia. The condition . of Malanda I lake as an index to the real prosperity and the real prospects of this country. You are people who do not allow yourselves to be carried away by the exciteirierit of a' boom not to be down cast by the dulling influence of a slump. , You .do .not rush into wild extravagance in times of., plenty, and you do not descend into the dumps when times -are bad. You preserve ihe jeven tenor of your way. . .. 'McSst ot the pastoral and agricul tural industries of Australia, not to mention . our ' mining industries, suffer from furious booms and vioient re actions. ; Even Governments are Sometime^ foolish enough to buy at boom prices/ and -Jiang a heavy debt round the riecks of 'the people. Think pf the jenprmous losses of the State Cattle Stations. Individuals are of ten equally rash. I remember Ihe boom of new wheat lands in New South Wales 25 years ago. Laud in my' district changed hands two or three times a week. I have known prices to rise from 10/- an acre to £5 an acre for the same land, in ; a fortnight. The people who bought these farms were gambling. They did not mean to make homes — they were going to raise perhaps two or three crops, or perhaps none at . all. and sell out at the top of the boom, and- go to live in the city. Indus tries that are subject to manipulations of that kind suffer for many years. They have been over-capitalised, and the people who try to carry on when the boom is past cannot get clear of f debt TOBACCO. 'The tobacco industry was in danger of a similar fate when Mr. Lyons very wisely . reduced the tariff on imported -tobacco 'from 5/2 to 3/ per ib. Even so the rate of expan sion encouraged .by 'higii prices is too rapid, and the- di^p'osal of. next year's crop will be a. difficult .matter. Once export- ou a Alarge -scale is necessary, down go the prices, and the people who have been deluded ii;to 'buying tobacco land at a fancy figure go down too, with a bump. The bigger die b6oiri the worse the slump. BUI . you people do riot boom, and do not slump. You are doing steady hones.1 work at. a . moderate price all the time. You depend upon a mod est, unemotiohal steady-going self possessed creature— in' feet, ' the cow. The; cow is npt going to:. be* hurried, she will not be carried away by excite ment. She refuses to be involved in a boom, but she delivers her 6 to 10 quarts °f milk daily, and she produces from 3 to 61b. of Butter per week. The Queensland ..cow- produces 14d lbs. of butter per annum. The average Danish tow 299 lbs. per an iiinn. The: Danish farmer mcrs , 'eeds and stalls his cows, also he j carefully culls his herd. Some I tanners here are beginning to. lavish : similar attentions cn their cows. This afternoon I have heard of a Malanda ,cow which yields as much as 21b s. ? of butter a day. But neither the cow nor her owners are going to lose their heads because of her splendid produc tivity they are not going to boom | anc* . se' out- They ' are going to j continue butter-making in. a business HKe manner, and home-making at the same time. « I That brings me. to the most im portant feature in the life of the fa'ry,°8' peop'e. They do riot intend *ut and 89 off to a city. They i. remain °n tl)e land and make homes. .= 'In die thirtieth verse Of the twentv first chapter of the book of Genesis, ?wniten S1^ Abraham digged' a later if ^ * 'Sheba^ , and three verses d». t, planted a- grove of trees. Abraham was thinking of: his family WaS to.|Pri'g from fnh,r2 ™ ^ Providing for the fature. The well ; and ihe -trees Ann™ ° servi'& the needs of his children and grand-children, and his, mqre remote desceridents long after selivmr ^ j no intention of fnd back to a city . Ur nJ l n°A, S£hem,ns for luxury in iii O'^es. He was femnd Deonl -r^ Pastoral and agricultural of Australians. 13 the proper role You know quite well that our huge ?overgrown cities are a great mistake. They exist because of our high tar iffs against manufactured articles. You may protect a secondary industry for a few years, but you must not go on protecting. If you. do you will in jure' Everybody else,' particularly the man on the land, .and -in thelong run; you .will ruin the country-. The .man on the land is reliable arid so is the cow,' you must. encourage both ot them. , 'You people believe in the future : 'of your country, you are making j homes, you are digging wells and ; . planting trees and shaping farms. You are the mainstay of the who's j population, and honest politicians are vrell aware of that. They are deter- ? mined to see that you get a fair deal. 1 Politicians of other kinds are also aware of it, while they spend loan | money in bribes to city voters, but , they know that in the long run they ! ?will be looking to the farmer and the cow to get them out of debt. j 'In spite of the unfair burdens j thrust upon the rural population tlie ] dairying people are making headway. ] The production of butter in millions ' -of pounds avoirdupois- in Queensland . during the last six years has been 63, 51, 72, 77, 78, 97. That shows a steady advance. And the export value ?of 100,000,000' lbs of butter is about' £7,000,000. Of course we eat a good deal of it at home, but the -total value of dairy exports last year I for Australia was about £13,000,000. That can be tripled and quadrupled.] In the next twenty years the export value of Australian dairy produce ; -might vrell reach £50,000,000 per an-' Bum,' and a third of that, perhaps a half of it, might go from Queensland. ' 'Wocil, wheat and !beef have all . slumped badly. Let us hope tbev -will recover. Improved world con ditions and restored purchasing power -would soon pull them up. But butter has not slumped, and we may hope that it will not. One ground of our 'hope that we may keep well to the front in this industry is, that we have, ?without dejubt, the most favorable conditions . for dairying in the whole worldl The experts tell me that one effect of Ottawa will be to give our farmers Id. per lb. more for their butter. I hope they are right. But iiote that a ruling feature of the Ot tawa Conference is this: Great Bri tain will give preference to Dominion products, and the dominions in return must cut down the tariffs against her manufactured goods. That would mean two tilings. First, the man on Ihe land would ' get 'his ihachiriery much cheaper; tractors, milking machines and cultivators 'would be ' the 'reach of.'Vnei cannot ? iffoird them now. Galvanised iron would be much reduced, helpirijg both country and town. In the second place the standards of' city expendi ture kept up by . high tariffs against taanufactured articles jwould have to te scaled down all round, and conse quently more people would seek a living on the land. 'That will not at first please a number of city voters, but it has got to coime, because we can pure unem ployment by . land expansion; we can not cure it with highly protected sec ondary industries, because they can not expand. IMMIGRATION. * 'A great part of Australia's trouble io-day arises frdrii the fact .tnat she ? has been 'afraid of immigration,' hop ing to preserve a very limited para dise of high wages and expensive liv ing for a few people. We ought to \- nave had by now a population of 20,000,000, giving us a big internal market. Let the Government throw topen more land and we shall a^in te able- to welcome migrants. Get She line of steamers from London through Torres 'Straits to Queensland ports re-established- Let the steam firs run to Sydney. The eastern side of Australia will give them plenty or freights, and the journey home from Queensland will be shortened by more than a thousand miles. Get a man to grade your butter sent to Cairns, and ship it home from there, and save the waste involved m send ing it all the wav to ihe cold stores 'Let the Chambers of Commerce, the farmers' associations, arid the 'butter factories petition the Premier, for these things, and he mil have aj 3»ood case to show for them to the j Commonwealth Government. That is the way to bring population to Queensland, ? where the - unoccupied land along the coast is waiting for it And remember that with . increased population, down goes 'your ; share o.i ' the nat-orial debt, andupgoes^ the earning power of' ' your 'railways'. and ? 'yfiurielegNflliic ^system. -Rur'Govr ernments have wasted very large sums of loan money, but in those., two directions they have spent well. Rail ways and telegraphs you must have. We have actually got more of them in proportion to our numbers than any one else on earth, .with, perhaps the exception of Canada. Contrast our lines -and their -two . or three trains a day, and their small earnings with tlie trains' that run every ten minufes on the lines' in U.S.A., and'the revenue they yield. Think of our thousands of miles of, land telegraph apd the relatively small number of messages that pass over the wires. The over head costs of these departments are vast in proportion to their earnings. Give us a land population and our railway deficit would disappear, and there would be a handsome balance on the right side. 'These things have been said before, but we must say them again, because they are true, and our future depends upon action taken on these truths. 'You people are doing the right thing, and you are giving the country a good lead, and the day is coming when the centre of gravity of the population of Queensland will be on this tableland.. Make your homes ar.dj stick to them, dig your wells, plant your trees, cultivate your gardens — you are doing that, but you have done something much' more important still. You have done what Abraham the well-digger and the tree-planter did wherever he dwelt. You, like him, have set up an altar to the Lord. 'St. Matthew's, Malanda, is still the finest church on the tableland, though I notice reproductions of it in other quarters. You have built your; church, and you are paying for it — this j afternoon's bazaar will lift a good deal | of the remaining debt. The church j will hold 400 people. You have made i generous provision for to-day and to- ! morrow, and other people are taking ' courage by your example. The ' people of Millaa Millaa have got one of the best sites in the town, and they will build very soon I hope. 'By laboring upon your farms, and setting up your homes, you are prov ing your love to your country, and your faith in her future. By your generous effort for the House of God you are proving your devotion to Him, and to the Holy Catholic Church, and to the Anglican communion in par ticular, which is bringing together Catholics of East and West, Old Catholics of Holland, and Catholics of the Orthodox East, and is leading the way to Christian re-union in India. ''Work for your church and for your homes, and you are taking your part in the building of the best life of your country, and contributing to the peace of the' world.' (The takings on the occasion of the Malanda bazaar amounted to £56, and the expenses were very small.) 