A DANISH EADA. "Klehgenberg o! the ATCMC," who died In Vancouver last year, and who. before his death narrated his Story to Mr. T. M ac In rus to be edited, was a celebrity In his day. Bora In a little seaside town In Denmark, he shipped, when a lad, as cook's assistant on an American-bound vessel. Thereafter he saw the wide-world, gradually climbing the mari- time ladder until be became a toughened mariner. The turning point ol lus career waa a scaling voyage to tho Behring Straits. There he formed with an Eskimo girl a union which, unblessed by clergy, lasted during their lives, and WAS very happy, sweetening thc privations of existence In thc Arctic where KIcngenberg spent thirty-three years with occasional trips south. His beat ranged from Siberia through Alaska to Canadian terri- tory. He hunted, trapped, fished, and har- pooned whales In gaps cut in Ice floes, always aided by his help-meet, who. in accordance with Eskimo practice, had been trained to do KIcngenberg was personally acquainted with Alexander McLean, the reputed original of the protagonist In Jack London's novel. "The Sea Wolf." The portrait is said to be a libel. McLean was not the mildest man- nered man who ever scuttled a ship. He had a compelling way with him. Be always car- ried on board enough handcuffs far his whole crew, and he never sailed with a crew upon whom he could not put them. Kowtver. he was no brute, but a skilful navigator, and "a sociable man." Through misfortune he was in later life compelled to restrict his move- ments. Hunting In prohibited waters, he encountered a Russian patrol steamer, and fired two guns point-blank into her, causing serious damage. This ls the episode on which Kipling's "Rhyme of the Three Sealers" ls based, but, according to KIcngenberg, the I poem Is quite wrong In Its description of the ยก "bluff" with a showing of two stovepipes through the fog as guns. McLean's gutui "were as brassy and full to their muzzles as i when he had his fight later with the American cutter, after which affair he never ventured I again to enter any American port." Inciden-1 tally, KIcngenberg pays a tribute to Scottish reticence. "On certain ships a Scotch crew I Is desirable, not that thc Scotch are better! sailors than the Scandinavians or thc Eng-1 llsh, but they are better at keeping their ยก mouths shut when that ls very desirable. CUR- , toms officers and Immigration officers and1 other such Inquiring folk find lt difficult to get thc truth out of them when they do i not choose to tell. They arc considered very ' truo to their salt." Klengenbcrg speaks with j authority. He once applied for a Job on a. barque flying thc flag of Hawaii-these were the days of the Independence of the group- | but manned by Scots. The skipper, as soon as he looked at him, recognised him for a dis-I creel young fellow, and signed him on. | Klengenbcrg made several voyages lo Aus- tralia, and on one occasion travelled overland I from Melbourne to Sydney, partly on foot and . sometimes having a ride. He avoided thc Interior because he had heard of deserts on i the approaches of which "horrid birds laughed at they dropped great serpents from their1 talons while high in air and then flopped : down to eat them as they lay stunned." An Irish navvy told him that In these deserts "the trees went crazy with heat and turned their leaves edge on to thc hot sky, which uroved that they were not so crazy after all." KIcngenberg found Australia a hard place rrom which to get away, not because he felt Irresistibly drawn to lt, but because his ship was continually held up by strikes. (Jona- thon Cape.} 