AUSTRALIA'S MARITIME HISTORY (By ''Junius.'') (Copyright applied for.) THE YEAR 1906. The Leyland line 2712-ton tliip Speke was wrecked on Philip Island, Western Port, Vic, on the 22nd, while bound from Chile to Melbourne in ballast, and yet another grain ship failed into the unknown. She was the 1281-ton Norwegian barque Colombia, which was not seen after leaving Wal- lai-i'o for Falmouth on the 27th. The large barque Coimbaioire went miss ing during February. The barque Zialtd. arrived at Adelaide during the month and reported having had a col- lision with an unknown ship, and as no other ship fitted the possibilities, there seems little doubt about it be- ing the Coimbatoire. The 4232-ton steamer Agincourt was wreckcd on Cossal Reef, in the Pelew Group on March 2, and a suspicious court "believed that the master had erased the reef from his chart." While entering Port Stephens on the 4th in order to complete loading, the 6000- ton Norwgian steamer Thordis was, stranded, and soon became a total wreck. There were only two April wrecks: the 2290-ton French barque Cassard, bound from Sydney to Falmouth with wheat, on one of the Falkland Islands; and the 284 ton brigantine River Hunter at Whangape, N.Z. In nei- ther case was there any loss of life. Another proud ship was destroyed' by fire in the 1359-ton barque Pitcairn Island, while bound from Wellington to London on May 3. She was about 1400 miles west from Cape Horn at the time, and the crew got away in two boats hoping to reach the coast of Chile. The mate's boat was never seen again, and in the captain's boat, which reached Chile, two out of 13 perished. The well- known interstate steamer Buninyong ran into the barque Criffel off Bradley's Head, Port Jackson, on the 5th. and only that a beach was handy her career would have ended there and then. Next came the 3865 ton steamer Oakburn, which was lost at Duiker Point, South Africa, on the 20th while bound from New York to Sydney. PELORUS JACK. On the 23rd the Order-in-Council which gave protection to Pelorus Jack was revoked, and Regulation No. 46 of the "General Fisheries Regulations" issued in its stead and published on page 1383 of the New Zealand Govern ment Gazette for 1906. According to the N.Z. School Journal of June, 192C, Pelorus Jack was wounded in 1905 by coming in contact with the bow of the cross straits steamer Penguin. The impact left a mark which positively identified him, and established that only one fish of his kind was engaged in this strange pursuit. The Penguin was lost with all hands (67) in Febru ary of 1909, and Pelorus Jack survived the ship he piloted more than any other by only three years. The 1740-ton French barque Vincennes created a furore when she became stranded on Manly Beach on the 24th, attracting thousands of visitors until she was towed off by the hair of the head a few weeks later. Meanwhile, the tug Energy was sunk off North Head, Port Jackson, in collision with the steamer Electra on the 31st. Nearing the end of a long, tragic list is the 164-ton brigantine Ivanhoe, which was wrecked on Malaita Island in May. The crew made a good get away, at which the natives looted the wreck and then set fire to it. It may have been no more than some whites would have done under similar cir cumstances, but the crew seemed to have entertained grave, doubts regard ing what further pleasantries the na tives might have indulged in had the crew given them the opportunity. A bad wreck during May was that of the 1676-ton ship Lismore. She was bound from Melbourne to Coronel, and was wrecked on the coast of Chile, with a loss of 22 out of her crew of 26 The steamer Isabel was wrecked on Namu Island, in the Marshall Group, on June 6; the 53-ton schooner May flower on the east coast of New Ire land on the 9th; the 251-ton brig- antine Pelotas ended her days at Wanganul River, N.Z., on the 10th; the tug Waning was sunk in Watson's Pay, Port Jackson, in collision with the steamer Guthrie on the 12th; and the 2000-ton ship Brenda reached Val paraiso on the 12th with her cargo of Newcastle coal on fire and was com pletely gutted. July wrecks worn the 2262-ton 4 mast barque Nivelle, near Antofa gasta, while bound from Newcastle tn Chilean ports with coal; and the 03-ton brigantine Sir Henry at East Cape. N.Z., with all hands. NAVAL DEFENCE. Creswell's scheme of the year be fore resulted in his being sent to Great Britain to study naval develop meuts. During his absence the Ad miralty report on his 1905 scheme was received, and proved to be unfavour able. He then evolved another scheme, which he submitted in Aug ust, for three ocean destroyers, 16 River class destroyers, and five first class torpedo boats at an aggregate cost of £1,850,000. In September, however, the Com monwealth Naval Officers' Committee submitted another scheme which dif fered from Creswell's, mainly in ton nage, and added one more ocean de stroyer. But the cost had grown to £2,250,000. Then on the 26th Mr. Deakin, Prime Minster of Australia, brought out a scheme for eight coastal destroyers and four first- class torpedo boats, at a cost of £760,000. The 199-ton barquentine Defiance was wrecked at Kaipara on August 28, without loss of life. Other August wrecks were the 1488-ton ship Agenor on the coast of Japan; the dredger Walrus which, with the dredger Octo pus, was purchased by the Geelong Harbour Trust from Natal, left Dur ban in August for her new sphere of operations and was never seen again; and the 303-ton coasting steamer Yar alla, was lost among the Fiji Islands. The 94-ton p.c. Shannon added an other to the wrecks on King Island when she piled up there on September 9\. The other September wreck was the 873-ton barque Lutterworth, with 21 voyages in the New Zealani immi grant service to her credit, was dis masted off Kaikoura Peninsula, and so commenced her declension in the social scale which ended in hulkdom. The 4-mast barque Marlborough Hill was badly damaged by fire while at Newcastle during September. Another ship was abandoned on fire, she being the 1955-ton ship St. Mun go, bound from Liverpool for Sydney. She was found to be on fire on Oc tober 10, and her crew left her to fight it out while they made for the coast of Brazil, which they reached safely. The 89-ton steamer Centen nial disappeared with all hands (10), after leaving Launceston for Welling ton on the 17th; the steamer Colo was wrecked on Tuggerah Beach on the 19th; and the 7557-ton steamer Haver sham Grange was abandoned on fire about S00 miles from Cape Town on the 23rd. She was bound from New York to Australia, and all hanls were saved. The first November occurrence was the wreck on Kangaroo Island of the 1725-ton French ship Monte Bc.Ho on tho 18th. Tho report stated that the wreck ''was remarkable for the fact that she was the only vessel wrecked on the inhospitable southern shores of Kangaroo Island, which did not lose any of her company." The 2459- ton Norwegian steamer Inger was blown ashore and wrecked at Ocean Island on the 20th, and tragedy was recallel when the 1462-ton ship Cro martyshire was wrecked on Printabu Island on the 24th, while bound from Newcastle to Iquiquo. ' She it was who ran down the French mail steam er La Burgoyne on July 4, 1898, when 580 souls were lost. Another disap pearance of a ship after leaving a South American port for Australia was that of the Alsternixie (ex Lord Templemore), which left Callao on the 26th for Melbourne, and was never seen again. She changei to the German flag when she changed her name. Other November wrecks were the dredge Octopus — already already mentioned in connection with the Walrus— which sank off the Tugela River with a loss of three lives; the 1196-ton German barque Schiller, which stranded near Dunge ness with a Iofs of one life, while bound to Melbourne; and the 1615-ton Russian barque Sovinta, which crash ed on the inhospitable rocks of Prince Edward Island, away south of the roaring forties, with a loss of 10 lives. The 1250-ton well-known immigrant ship Wellington — she made 21 voyages to N.Z. — ended her career when she went over on her beam ends on De cember 3, while being towed to Rosario from Gulfport, U.S.A. Then the 1243- ton German barque Nordwind was wrecked on the Skerries on the 16th., while bound from Gothenburg to Melbourne, with a lose of three lives. A heavy cyclone struck the coast of Queensland about Cooktown on the 28th, and when it was over bones of the 68-ton schooner Marion, and the pilot service schooner Pilot were strewn along the beach at Cape Flat tery. All hands on both vessels were lost. Other December wrecks were the Norwegian schooner Catherine on Crozel Islands, her crew remaining there until taken off in the February following by the N.Z. Government steamer Turaklna; the 361 -ton brigan tine Elverland on one of the Three Kings; and the 1576-ton American ship Great Admiral, on Cape Flattery, at the entrance to Puget Sound. Undated wrecks during 1906 were the 1706-ton ship Eastern Monarch, which was abandoned at sea; and the 866-ton barque Peebleshire lost at Lombok. Both ships were well- known traiers to Queensland in the early 'eighties THE YEAR 1907. Hebs Reef, off Port Dalrymple, Tas mania, saw the first wreck of the year in the 794-ton barque Elen Holme on January 8. She was a regular trader between Hobart and London. The 588-ton barque Waiiti stranded when leaving her wharf at Kaipara on the 23rd, and became a total wreck; the 1276-ton barque Maelgwyn was aban doned in a sinking condition off Mid dleton Reef on the 26th, while bound from a Peruvian port to Sydney, her crew getting safely to Lord Howe Is land; and the 1644-ton ship Carnarvon Castle (ex Red Rock) was abandoned on fire about 800 miles south-east from Cape Leeuwin. Two other January wrecks were the 1436- ton barque An- nasona (ex Margaret A. B. Carswell), which piled up on Middleton Reef while bound from a Chilean port to Newcastle, her crew reaching Lord Howe Island on the 25th; and the old French cruiser Thetis was dismantled and burnt in Middle Harbour, Port Jackson. The 938-ton White Star ship Ascalon was wrecked at Annalong on February 7, and another ship to be lost while bound from a Chilean port to N.S.W. was the 1322-ton ship Montgomery shire, ivhich piled up at Tonga on the 12th. The 1300-ton ship Timaru —with 15 colonising voyages to New Zealand to her credit — was wrecked on the 22nd at Fjaltring, taking down with her the Norwegian flag she had carried for some years. The 111-ton auxiliary schooner Papuan blew up in Cooktown on the 18th, her case be ing somewhat similar to that of the Coquette— unthinking contempt for the peevish qualities of benzine. On the night of March 6, the 2205 ton 4-mast barque Dundonali crashed on Disappointment Island, in the Auckland Group, while bound from Sydney for Falmouth with wheat. It was December 1 ere the 15 survivors from her crew landed at Wellington from the Government steamer Tute naki, after the ship had beecn posted missing with all hands. There were two wrecks on the 12th— the 108-ton schooner Annandale, which foundered off Smoky Capo, and the 1394-ton I steamer Mildura on North-west Cape, W.A., while bound from Cambridge Gulf to Fremantle with cattle. Then the 12,500-ton steamer Suevic was wrecked on Lizard Head on the 17th, the work of salvaging and then build ing a new bow for her being one of the outstanding feats of its kind. An- other well-known colonising ship with 21 voyages to N.Z. from London to her credit was lost in the 841-ton ship Margaret Galbraith, her end coming on the 27th while bound from London to Buenos Ayres. She was followed by the 1074-ton clipper ship City of Agra, well-known in the Australian trade, she being wrecked on Cape Sable on the 31st. Other March oc currences were the Low Island (Q.) tragedy, when a light-keeper left with his two children in a small flatty, and were never seen alive afterwards — the flatty with the skeletons of the two children was found at Cape Bedford in 1913— and the schooner Viking was lost among the Santa Cruz Group. The launch Alice was wrecked at Launceslon on April 2; the 969-ton steamer Easby was lost on Gabo Is land after striking Skerries Reef on the 6th; and the 2122-ton 4-mast barque Nornia sank off Port Adelaide after being cut down by the ship Ar dencraig on the 21st. Soon after wards the steamer Jessie rammed the sunken wreck, and sank on top of it. Other April wrecks were the 60-ton schooner. Edith at Condon Creek; and the 1713-ton steamer Willyama in Marion Bay. A STRANGE ABANDONMENT. Perhaps the most peculiar circum stances under which a ship was aban- doned were those which led to the loss of Duthie's fine old 1567-ton ship Cairnbulg, which was first sold to Russiaus and named Hellae, and by them to Norwegians and again re named, this time Alexandra. She sail- ed from Newcastle on November 26, 1906, with coal for Panama, and in the following June one of her boats containing the mate and eight other members of the crew was picked up off the coast of South America. The following cable from London, dated November 25, 1907, which appeared in the Rockhampton 'Morning Bulletin,' tells much of the strange story: — ''The captain and eight survivors from the steamer Alexandra, bound from Newcastle to, Panama, have been landed at Guayaquil, a seaport of the Central American Republic of Ecuador. They were rescued in a pitiful plight from Indefatigable Is land, in the Galapagos Islands, to the west of Ecuador, where they had been subsisting on tortoise food for five months. The mate and nine members of the crew had been previously rescued from Abermarie, the chief island of the Galapagos Group. The Alexandra ran short of provisions on the voyage, and was abandoned on May 8th last. She was not damaged in any way.'' The old ship was afterwards found wrecked at Iguana Cove, Albermarle Island, Galapagos Group— the island from which the mate and nice mem bers of the crew were stated to have been rescued. May wreck was that of the 35-ton steamer Unity on Stockton Beaca, Newcastle, on the 2nd. In June the 1923-ton four-mast barque Silberhorn. disappeared after being ' spoken' soon after leaving Newcastle on the 12tu for Iquique — obviously another coal victim, one of her lifebuoys being picked up on Pitcairn Island.-. The other June wreak wag the 3!'6 ton steamer Ysabel, on Namu Island, in the Marshall Group. Coming from Nauru Island with phosphates for Sydney, the Norwegian steamer Fido was wrecked near Tweed Heads on July 12, and the fine old ship Parthenope (1411 tons) sailed from Newcastle on the -31st with coal for Antofagasta, and was never seen again. She was disguised under the Italian name Pellegrina O. Other July wrecks were the 144-ton steamer Resolute on Bellambi Reef; and the 942-ton barque Woollahra, near Cape Terawhiti, New Zealand, with a loss of two lives. On August 14 the Danish barque Ingeborg was sunk in collision with the steamer Arawatta off Sugar Loaf, with a loss of seven lives; and the 3426-ton steamer Fortunatus was abandoned on the 19th, through berng on flre, while bound from Calcutta to Melbourne. Her company was land ed at Mauritius by the ship Forth, Another August wreck was that of the 322-ton steamer Kawatira, w'nlch rammed the breakwater at Strachan and did not long survive. She took six lives with her. The only two wrecks during Sep- tember were the 376-ton steamer Tom. ki on the 16th at Richmond River; and the 196-ton brigantine Rotuma, on the Derwent River. Another old French warship, the Meurthe, was being towed from Noumea to Sydney shipbreakers when she rebelled. She was cast adrift to follow her own devices, and finished up by becoming wrecked on Lord Howe Island on October 9. The 1824 ton French ship Biarritz left Cher- bourg for Hobart on the 10th, and was never seen again; the 1155-ton Norwe gian barque Aagot was wrecked on Wardang Island, South Australia, on the 12th, and the 75-ton steamer Tril- by was lost at Port Macquarie on the 16th. , . BUMPED BY A WHALE. On December 15, when the coastal passenger steamer Peregrine was off South Solitary Island, the third offi- cer, who was on the bridge, observed a huge whale suddenly appear along side the ship, evidently having risen from a considerable depth, and bump- ed the vessel. The Peregrine gave a perceptible list to port at the time. It was fortunate that the whale did not rise immediately under the pro peller and rudder. There were 65 passengers in the saloon and 61 In the second cabin, and the incident created some excitement. There were no wrecks during No. vember, and the three December wrecks were the 1953-ton-ship Austra lian, which was never eeen again after leaving Mazatlan, Mexico, for Sydney; the 108-ton barque Derwent Hunter, burnt at Hobart; and the 183 ton steamer Fernmount, lost among the Gilbert Group. NAVAL DEFENCE, Mr. Deakin submitted his second naval scheme on December 13, com- prising nine River class destroyers, nine submarines, and two depot ships, a total of 17 ships at a coat of £1,277,500. Undated wrecks during 1907 were the Constance Craig, which went missing with all rnandB In the Tasman sea; the 1779-ton ship Eaton Hall, which was badly smashed up in a hur- ricane while bound from Newcastle to Valparaiso, but managed to crawl into Tahiti, where the French used her for a hulk; the famous 48-ton clipper Thermopylae was sunk by Portuguese by gunfire after serving them many years as a training ship; and the well-known New Zealand Im migrant ship Wairoa went missing on a voyage from Pensacola to Buenos Ayres, taking the Russian name Winnipeg with her. THE YEAR 1908. The Norwegian steamer Thode Pagelund became stranded on Cro nulla Reef on January 22, but was afterwards salved; and the schooner Galatea was wrecked, also on Cronulla Beach during the month. February was only two days old when the steamer Winsor was wrecked among Pelsart Group; and she was followed up on the 9th by the American ship Emily Heed, which was wrecked on the coast of Oregon, while bound from Newcastle to Port land, with a loss of nine lives. The 2500-ton ship Forest Hill completed the February list when she became wrecked on Cape Maria Van Dieman on the 28th, while bound from New castle to Chile. There were only two wrecks in March; the 4500-ton German steamer Laeisz in the Red Sea, on the 20th, while bound from Sydney to Ham burg; and the 215-ton schooner Louisa J. Kennedy which, while being careened to effect hull repairs at Tarawa in the Gilbert Group, went too far and sank. The 305-ton steamer Bega foundered off Bermagui on April 5, with a loss of one life; the 74-ton p.s. Rescue and the 91-ton steamer Sophia Ann both became total wrecks on Richmond River bar on the 9th; and the 1912-ton ship Castle Bock sailed behind the veil when she left Sydney for Seattle on the 15th. Between the 26th and 27th a cyclone devastated the Westra lian coast about Broome, wrecking the pearling fleet with a loss of 50 lives. The final wreck was that of the 71-ton schooner Willinga on the 27th, off Port Stephens. MOA ISLAND MISSION. This mission is located on the south side of Moa or Banks Island, approximately 20 miles from Thurs- day island. It was established in 1908 and provided accommodation for a large number of South Sea Islanders and their families who were, until then, resident on the various islands of Torres Strait. In May, 1908, 600 acres on Moa Island was proclaimed a reserve for Pacific Islanders. There were no wrecks In June, and on July 18 the 2759-ton steamer Aeon was lost on Christmas Island without loss of life. A boat sailed to Fan ning island for assistance. The 1077 ton steamer Mareeba was wrecked on Stockton beach on the 28th; 65- ton schooner was lost in Wreck Bay, N.S.W., on the 30th; and the 1200-ton clipper ship Loch Lomond sailed from Newcastle for Lyttelton during the month and was never seen again. She was on her way to be turned into a hulk, and may have preferred to wind up a splendid career in a manner more appropriate for an ocean aris tocrat of her standing. The German barque Josefa was dls masted off Seal Rocks on August 5, and was taken into Newcastle. She served aa a coal hulk in Townsvllle lor many years. Then the 1383-ton barque Flfeshlre struck an uncharted rock among the Gilbert Islands on the 8th, while bound from Newcastle to Portland; and the 84-ton steamer Klncumber collided with the break water at Manning River, and closed the chapter with a loss of two lives. The only September wreck was that of the 2112-ton ship Loch Finlas (ex Bactria), which piled up on the Tasmanian coast on the 5th. During October the 1114-ton steamer Hawea was wrecked at Greymouth as she was crossing the bar outward bound to Adelaide. The big 4-mast barque Falls of Hal- ladale was wrecked near Warrnam bool On November 14, going up among the rocks under full sail. She had an unlucky career, and was eeveral times oa the overdue list. Broome, W.A., was again the centre of a cyclonic disturbance from De cember 7th to the 10th, when about 50 lives were lost. Then on Christmas day the tug Advance was overturned! and sunk by the ship Iverna. when about to take the latter in tow ok Newcastle. Seven out of a crew of eight were drowned. Meanwhile, the 42-ton steamer Frederick Davis foun dered off Clarence River, and left her crew to spend Christmas Day getting ashore. Other December wrecks were the steamer Charles Edward, and the 196-ton schooner Ururoa, both at Wanganui, N.Z. THE YEAR 1909. A pinnace from H.M.S. Encounter was cut down off Lady Macquarie's Chair. Port Jackson, by the steamer Dunmore, on January 5, and 15 out of the 67 bluejackets who were on board were drowned. An oil ship fire was next, when the 4226-ton steamer Netherton took fire while loading at Aroe Bay. Sumatra, on the 10th, and left her little for the ship- brekaers. Following her came the 241-ton brigantine Rio Loge, a reform ed labour trader, which left Kaipara for Dunedin, and beyond being seen on the 14th in Cook Strait, no hint ever came as to the manner of her end. Then on the 31st the 3596-ton steamer Clan Ranald capsized off Troubridge Shoal, while on her way to Great Britain with wheat from Adelaide. She took 40 lives down with her. and the reason for her strange act has never been fully ex plained. Heavy weather caused the wreck of the 56-ton steamer Narooma near Broken Bay on February 4, and the 517-ton steamer Penguin foundered with all hands (67) in Cook Strait on the night of the 12th. It was a vile night and a bad smash. The old ship Auckland, which ran continuously in the immigrant trade to New Zealand from 1874 to 1900, making 25 voyages in all, took down a foreign flag and all her crew when she was wrecked off Possession Is land. South-West Africa, on March 6\. The 246-ton steamer Burrawong ran Into the breakwater at Manning River on the 27th and became a total wreck. Other March wrecks were the 1382-ton steamer Lady Mil dred in Bass Strait, and the schooner Rona, in Palliser Bay, New Zealand. NAVAL DEFENCE. Mr. Fisher's scheme for an Aus tralian navy was presented on March 30 and comprised four ocean de stroyers, 16 improved River class de stroyers (in addition to three already ordered), and one vessel armed for police duties, a total of 24 ships at an aggregate cost of £2,264,000. Then the Imperial Defence Conference evolved something near to that which became ultimately the Australian Navy. It comprised one armoured cruiser of the Indomitable class, three 2nd class cruisers of the Bristol clasB, six improved River class de stroyers; and three C. class sub marines. The number of ships was 13\. and the aggregate cost £3,750,000. On April 23, the 39-ton schooner WJiaup was abandoned off Double Island Point, Queensland, owing to her apparent determination to commit suicide; other wrecks being the 34-ton schooner Dawn, locality not specified; the 98-ton schooner Monarch on War dang Island, South Australia; and the 689-ton German New Guinea Govern: ment yacht Seestern, which went missing after leaving Brisbane for Rabaul. The 4S-ton steamer Narara founder ed off Barranjuey on May 29, the other three wrecks of the months be ing tue schooner Annie Agnes, at Cossack, West Australia; the steam er Banzai, burnt at Ullmaroa, New South Wales; and the schooner The Tyne, in Torres Strait. The Norwegian barque Errol crash ed on Mlddleton Reef at midnight on June 18, and between then and July 12, when the steamer Tofua rescued the surviving five, 17 lives were lost with all the attendant agonies of thirst and starvation. A heavy gale was responsible for three wrecks In Adventure Bay, Tasmania, during June — the 202-ton barque Natal Queen, the 34-ton schooner Priscilla, and the 24-ton steamer Sea Bird. The schooner Ormo went miEsing during tho same blow. On July 26 the 9000-ton steamer Waratah left Durban for Cape Town, and beyond being spoken by the Clan Maclntyre next day. no trace of her was ever found. She took 32 passengers and a crew of 119 behind the veil. Another vessel to bump the Man- ning River breakwater was the steamer Pyrmont, which struck there on August 6, and became a total wreck, with a loss of one life. Other wrecks were the French barque Gael, lost off the coast of Tasmania; th6 63 ton steamer Kapanui, burnt at Wark worth, New Zealand; and the steamer Waipara. which struck Smith's Rock, off Cape Moreton, but was salved later. The 3370-ton steamer Maori King was wrecked on Ningpo iBlaxd, China, on September 15; the steamer Ocean Queen was lost on Ocean Island on the 16th; and the American schooner Alpena was abandoned off Stockton Beach on the 27th. Contrary to ex pectations she held out, and was salved. Other September wrecks were the 130-ton steamer Dueo, which went missing while bound from Wel lington to Chatham Islands; and the 51-ton steamer Parua, which was lost on Nasali Reef. Bound from Rio de Janeiro to Ho bart, the Swedish barque Alfhild wf.s wrecked on the west coast of Tas mania on October 10,' and of her crow of 18, five were drowned in the wreck, seven died on shore from hunger and exposure, and six were rescued. Tho French barque Armeu was wrecked off the coast of New Cale donia on November 9; other November wrecks being the 20S-ton barque Cloud, blown up in Auckland Harbour; the 299-ton barque Hippolas, which foundered in Cook Strait; and the new North Coast Co.'s steamer Ourim bah was lost on /he coast of Africa] whilo bound out to her sphere of operations. The steamer Eden collided with Perpendicular Head whfle on her way north during December, and although very badly mangled she was got off again Undated wrecks during 1909 were the 1300-ton clipper ship Dharwar, which was broken up; the 1586-ton barque Clan Macpherson, which disap peared after leaving Newcastle for Valparaiso with coal; the steamer En nerdale, which struck on Beagle Rock, Bass Strait; the 21-ton schoon er Francis Pritt, lost on the coast of Papua; the 10P)4-ton clipper ship Sam Mendel, which went to the ship breakers; and the 1047-ton clipper ship Weathersfleld, which was taken to Suva and turned into a hulk. A cable connecting Java and Cocos Island was opened in 1909. (To be continued.) 