OVERSEAS BUTTER PROBLEM. (To the Editor.) Sir.-On opening my copy of the "Queensland Times" on Tuesday last, it was very pleasing to find that such a staunch sutpporte of tile man on the land as the Editor gave more of tile paper's limited space to help my suggestion along: The complaints that we contlinually receive from the Marketing and Publicity Board in Emgland regarding the faults of our butter alone are proof that those who can afford the price of butter have reached the limit of requirements. Firstly, it is wood-tainted; secondly, it does not spread as good as Danish butter. Then comes along the com plaint that our butter, has not the taste of the Danish butter. Then our 2493 tons .of' astry butter is dlsas trous to our 100,000, and our 6500 tons of seconds should be prohibited from export. Now, the word ."co-operative" is ob JectiorTable to retailers in England. That word will *have to go, and they have asked that the brand of the good old "Kangaroo" be removed, as the people of England think we milk the kangaroo and make our butter from its cream. Any old complaint except to admit the truth of the inability of the poorer class to buy butter. My suggestion, if it could be carried into effect, would give the Commonwealth an easy way of pro ducing and disposing of a surplus of 300,000 tonh, and not with the trouble we have to-day of disposing of 100, 000\. Seeing there would be an extra 200,000 tons, divide the 'same between 66,000 new farmers (mass producing strictly prohibited) with the right of producing thrbe tons of butter at a nett price of Sd, per lb., returning £250 a year per farmer. This would mean a further £16,500,000 of an in come. England's support of the limit of' production Is a quiet way, In my opinion, of letting her Dominions know that their mass-production methods, in Australia in particular, are detrimental to the best interests I of land settlement, and especially in such a vast continent as this with such a small population, methods which mean prohibition to immigra tion from England, hence her Intense campaign for-home agricujtural de velopment. In conclusion, I say to dairy farm ers of small standing, that it they do not take more Interest in trying to curb the activities, of the octopus, mass produotion, they will surely be robbed of all the benefits of the Delray-Paterson and stabllisation sohenles, and will jalso be driven from production. Mass Droducers are called ambitious: call them covetous and you are right, for the Good Book says: "For whdia Is a man profited it he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul, or what shall a man give in exchange for his own soul. (Mat thew: xvl.: 26), We spend millions in our education and spiritual enlight onment only to find it brings forth its vices and little of its virtues.-Tours, &c.;, . COLLINS, Postman's Ridie. October 26. 