ON THE LAND, A parcel of prunes from N.S. Wales arrived in England last week and found a ready market. A Melbourne fruit exporter who has returned from London says that ex ports must be limited to the require ments or Dne maricec. a cnaotic con-, ditlon, he says, Is shown by the fact that, of 1,001,000 cases of apples sent to Britain last season only 250,000 were sold. Mr. R. R. Crofter, who Is now re siding at Vancouver, issues a warning against proposed assisted Immigration' to Canada. He claims that he lost £4000 In a £10,000 farm scheme in Aus tralia. He grew produce, .but could not find a market. Mr. Crofter states that nearly 4000 others failed in the same circumstances, and that the . Govern ments of England, Australia, and Vic-, toria repudiated their responsibility. According to a recent London 'Times' trade report, there was strong critic ism of the quota scheme started last November to control Imports of bacon. Before the scheme came into operation the wholesale price of Danish bacon, which constitutes the greater part of the Imported supply, was 52/- per cwt. At the end of August it Was 88/- per cwt. The report says : 'Taking tht monthly import at 800,000cwt. it will been seen that about £1,000,000 per month more than formerly is now be ing paid for this essential part of the nations' food supply. The avowed ob ject of the scheme was to help home farmers and the home bacon-curing industry, but, unhappily, no more pigs are being produced in England— in fact, there are 100,000 fewer pigs— and the price of English pigs has not been materially advanced. By restriction of imported supplies, retail bacon prices have been advanced by 4d per lb.' 'The world-wide depression has cast its shadow on' the industry with a ven geance during the last few weeks, and wheat on all grain exchanges has col lapsed to almost the lowest level since the beginning of the century,' says the opening paragraph of the Lindley Wai * ker Wheat Co.'s weekly report. During the last week liquidation was general and pessimism overwhelmed the wheat untie. The famous Chicago pit seem ed to become bottomless, with new low levels creating but passing interest. The slashing of prices to meet world competition has been intensified by the general trade depression., Australia's trade, with the Orient is in jeopardy owing to the menacing policy of tHo United States to subsidise- exporlu from thn' Pacific coast. In the local trade values have slumped during thu last few days. Shippers have evinced utie or no interest while millers are acting with even greater caution. -During the week a huge volume or bulk wheat was unloaded on the mar-' ket at what appeared to be sacrificial prices. The local market to-day is feeling very susceptible to the sharp decline overseas and values are prone to sag further. In the absence of defin ite, business, values may be nominally quoted as follows : Bagged parcels, 2/7 a bushel. Sydney basis; bulk parcels. 2/51 a bushel, Sydney basis. Seator M'Lachlan, the Minister m charge of Development, stated thu other- day that he was in receipt of advice from Dr. Dickson, the director of the tobacco investigation, to the effect that experimental work had shown that overwintering diseased plants wei u the source of initial infection with mildew in tobacco seedbeds, and atten tion was drawn to this in the Press a year ago. 'In order to ascertain the position this year.' Senator M'Lachlr.n said, 'the pathologist of the Austva lian Tobacco Investigation visitud Tumut, Albury, Kiewa River Valle-', Ovens, River Valley (from Wangaratta to Eurobin), King River Valley (south to Whitfleld), Corowa, Yarrawonga, Cobram, Tocumwal, Echucn, Denill ouin, Mathoura, Nathalie, Sheppar ton, and Melbourne. Time did not allow of a detailed survey, but over wintering diseased plants were foun'l in the fields in every district. Some fields had been ploughed, but in hun dreds of acres growing as well as dor mant plants from last season wore observed. Neglected seedbeds with over wintering diseased plants were seen in the areas visited. In the majority of fields examined overwintered plants were diseased and evidences of downy mildew v/ere actually found on both uiu iciivca uim young sucKer leaves, in some cases plants had been pulled up and thrown in heaps, but growth had continued and the leaves were cov ered with downy mildew. At this time of the year the seedlings have ger minated and are open to infectioi/ Seedbeds with seedlings in them were found within a few yards of overwin tering diseased plants, and it is in evitable that as soon as the more rapid growth of the seedlings occurs the downy mildew will show up. Healthy seedlings canont be grown under such conditions, and so long ad growers allow these overwintering plants to remain just so long will they suiTer losses from downy mildew. Growers are again warned that to avoid outbreaks two requirements are essential, viz., clean seed and clean tobacco areas. The prevention of downy mildew or blue mould. is mainly in the hands of the growers them selves.' 