?bUf ni _ mi Jar t* ~i Bnatish Slum Of London alums «to«t of the world Iim heard, but, «M*p* to ::$im Aw Ualians who know Leeds in fork. eliirc, it will cane as news to learn that Leeds has the largest and most difficult slum problem of any English tmvn outside London. It is the classic problem of 'back to bade' housing of the worst sort. The report of the Un healthy Areas Committee shows that Leeds has 72,000 (-baek to back' houses, of which only one-sixth, 12,000, hnve a comparatively clean bill of hot 1th. Another 27,000 'back to back' hwises are built inT bloekiPoT~ eifrht, which open directly to the streets, and have* their sanitary con vt-ninnoca provided in «n open apace between ench pair of blocks. These ronvoniencos then can only be reached liv passing along the street, and no \- pardon, court, or yard, of any kind is attached to the houses. Of these shuns the report says; 'The remaining S,'5,(K)0 of tliese 'back to back* houses nrc the oldest and the worst, built in long continuous blocks opening directly on to the street; they are crammed together fit the rate of 70 to B0 per — m'n\ and it in difficult to suggest any method of dealing with them satisfac torily short of complete clearance.' The 33,000 bad ''back to bark' houses pro built for the most pnrt badly of b»d bricks. They have no dnmp course, nnd in consequence often are exceed ingly wet-. A large proportion of them —probably hnlf — are two-roonjed bouses— one up and one down. Usu fllly they hove a superficial area of only 350 feet, nnd they invariably are overcrowded. Such slum houses have a imputation density to the acre of pioro than six times that permitted by rewnt nets. The report allows that there is no health danger in a modern nml well- constructed back to back luuise, hut shows that the health figures for tliis shim area nre sufficient condemnation of it and of the delays ivliich have given it ton years of fur tliei life after its previous eondomna ? * * * ? §EiarL #»sirigss, and Everybody Satisfied The London 'Financial Times' tells flu* following story: The inanaj$er was retiring and the slafl decided to give him a wireless sot for a present. From each of the WWW employees the foreman collected fit? , making £900 in all. With this he bought, at the wholesale price, £200 worth of cigarettes Be took out the coupons and with them obtained the wireless set, which the staff then ore tented to the manager. Ench of the 8000 men received in exchange for his sixpence a packet of cigarettes, and the foreman himself got a useful dis count on the order which he gave for ilie cigarettes. * * * Iceland Being Boomed What's in a name? Quite a lot, and hi'mLJnics much of it is of detrimental tort, Kay the authorities pf lcrlnnd, who point out how Erik the Red, ban ished lor a particularly brutal murder when murders were lightly regarded, sailed still further west nnd, finding » country with a much worse climate, cleverly named it Greenland to attract settlers, and thereby made a fortune out of it. Protests about the name of Iceland came too late, but the Jce — landic Government, which has been in dependent of Denmark since 1918, now is doing its best to overcome the dif ficulty, and having in wcent years at TOO LATE Parson: 'I hear you're thinking of taking another husband, Mary.' Mary: 'Yes, boss, but I'm sorry I can't give you any encourage ment. You see I've promised to marry another bloke.' tracted quite a number of tourist* is now starting an intensive immigration in its mothur country, Denmark. Be fore the United States restricted immi gration so drastically the great major* tty- of Danish— nMgraato— uaod — to -go there, and of recent years Denmark has, felt the want of a really good popu lation outlet which, aq a very small country, she requires. Now the auth» orities of Denmark and Iceland have got together on the subject, and Ice land is ottering facilities for emigra tion to the island which, is much less icy than its name implies. The pre seut population of leduud is 100,000, but its leaders claim that it could bold 1,000,000 in comfort and prosper ity. The authorities say they know that the name of Iceland will remain a disadvantage, So why keep it when, with a very trifling alteration, it could be changed to the highly attractive and still unexploited name of 'Nice- laud'? * # * 'Britain is Always Right'0 The new Teachers' Anti-War Move ment in England is (says the 'Man- chester Guardian') a loosely organised society, unhampered by rules and open to all classes of teachers. It is tack ling the problem of creating a will to peace in the child mind in a practical manner. A commission has been set up to examine and report on history text books. Illuminating instructions have been drawn up for those reviewing the books and the accepted wanner of pre senting the major events of English -history is «ubjeeted 4» -criticism, ? Who, for instance, in the past, would have thought of questioning — th©~ 'chivalry' of Richard I., the Black Prince, and Henry V., or wondered whether their heroism abroad brought any comfort at home? For ten child ren who could recite the love story of A'nne Boleyn how many could give the economic factors behind the Re formation P What child knows any thing of pre-Europea,n civilisation in India, America, or Africa; or of the forty different conflicts in which the British troopti were engaged during tho peaceful properous years 1837-1902; or has heard any gave the official Foreign Offioe riaw of India and Egypt P ? 'Britain is always right/1 is 'the creed of the normal text-book. If his tory is to bo a useful lesson it must show what mistakes we made in the past and how we can avoid them in the future. But if 'Britain is always right' we made no mistakes and can despair of improvement. * ♦ # Lor wood's joyful Welcome Home Harold Larwood arrived in London -last — Enday — night, ? and ? was ? every- where received like a conquering hero, says a cable message. He was officially welcomed and filmed at Dover. Ho tried to evade a Luge crowd that awaited the arrival of the boat train in London. He walked through sev eral coaches and eluded the Pressmen and photographers, who were on the platform, but he was run to earth as he was entering & taxicab, in which he crossed London with Ms wife. There wore amazing scenes at mid night when he arrived at Nottingham. The surging crowd brushed the police f»ai»$A jfi ftrt f-f.fnwmfr^j- T*BFfy Lfl1*WJ?0fl on their shoulders. Girls tried to kiss him, and others pelted him with flow ers. The ~p©U« foroed' their— wajr through- the crowd, grabbed Larwood, and pushed him into the luggage lift for his own protection. Eventually, after a struggle, they managed to push him into a motor 'bus, looking as bedraggled as though he had been in a Rugby football scrum. 'I am delighted to be home, but I did not expect this,' he said: ? 'Good old Harold, the man who beat Australia,' was shouted as he drove away amidst rounds of cheers. There were roars of laughter when a wag shouted; 'Why didn't you bowl underarm, Harold?' Crowds lined the entire route to his home— a poultry faem^^m— the ^oufc— skirts of the city. # * * An Indian Tragedy of Poverty A grim tragedy, due to unemploy ment and poverty, has been discovered in the jungle close to the town of Villnpuram, near the sacred mountain of Thiruvaiinwnalai, in South India. The police found the bodies of a man, his wife, and two sons, aged 19 and 15, and two daughters, aged IS and 12, and an infant aged 18 months. Ap parently the father murdered his fam ily and then banged himself. There was evidence that the family had worshipped and offered tribute to the idol Vtgneswara, the Hindu god of learning, and each member except the infant signed a letter pleading that they should be allowed to die. Kfrta to Bum Qua** &m; House The right of * man to burn his own house wfuj ;«firped by Judge Mar arthnr 'in the Snpremi Court at Shep pnrton, Victoria! on April U, in acquit ting OttarJes Harper of 4 #ftt$e oJ having wilfu% «et fire to the dwellin*. of Mary BUen Eastwood with inteot to injure her. It was stated that tgie dwelling was in lbs potsea»ioo ^01 Harper when SiastWDod pgn* *p liV with him. A§,*r-««al»-*|-.#,,^parrel . Harper set fire to the building, do stroying it. ..?. , . ','?.-.. /::?;. ...;--,: ? -4*A~|-erson-hB8 a. perfect -right -to— burn his own house; provided, oi course, that he does not injure or de fraud anybody else,' said the Judge in directing the jury- to acquit the de fendant.— - . The Queensland^rown prosecutor (J ~ A. Sheehy) referring to this matter, said; 'A man had a perfect right to do whatever he liked with his own pro perty so long aa he did not injure any body or had no intention to defraud. It was the element of the intention to defraud that made it punishable, and it waB that element that was in arson. Sheeby added that he could not remem ber a similar case to that in the Mel bourne message having occurred in Brisbane.' # * # 'One Good Turn Deserves Another' ? The will of a Norwegian missionary named Hemingway, who died in France, has been proved at £180,000. the result of speculation in oil shares Hemingway left £70,000 to the wife of an unemployed window cleaner at Barry, in England, named Arthur Wil liams, who befriended him during n visit to England, believing him to be a poor working man. Hemingway had assisted Williams occasionally, but this big fortune was utterly unexpected. After the death of Mrs. Williams the money goes to her two young boys, and tiie will stipulates that the child ren must be educated out of the slum districts of Barry, where they are now living. * « * Cruel Death lor Sea Birds During the discussion in the British House of Lords on 'Lord' Buokma$- ter'e Wild Birds' Protection Bill it was urged that the Act should be amended to include the ease of tea birds whose plumage became saturat ed with oil fuel waste, a condition which results in many birds 'being found either dead or dying oa the beaches. 'If,' saul one of the 'Lords',, 'you go down to the beach and wring the bird's neck, which la the only humane thing to do, you are liable to prosecution under this Act/* One of the 'Lord Bishops' (Canterbury) said it was heartbreaking to see the devastation of bird life which went on all round the coast. Toe only real hope was to secure international action to prevent oil waste being put into the sea within certain limits. In the mean time the best thing that could be done was to bring pressure to bear on the Shipping authorities to make ad vances in the way of separating oil waste from the bilges, and make thaJ a profitable undertaking. The Archbishop of Canterbury, who was for seven years a member of the British Labor Party, apparently ha& some qualification for his duties as an ex-officio member of Parliament, as shown both by bis humanity and hip frequent practical suggestions. WELL INSTRUCTED Employer (to new boy): 'Well, hat Mr. Smith told you what to dor Boy: 'Yes, sir. He told ma not to forgot to give him the oil when you were about.' 