Several Foreign Film Stars Leaving Hollywood SPECTACULAR EXITS FOLLOW TEMPERAMENT CLASHES Non-American film stars have had an unhappy time in Hollywood recently, and a series of spectacular exits has left Garbo, Dietrich, and the English girl Lillian Harvey the only remaining celebrities in this field. Clash of temperaments was the cause of most of the trouble. rTALA Birell, a pale blonde Viennese ?* actress, who appeared in 'Doomed Battalion' and 'Nagana,' believed in emotional work and study. She did not like the dash and vigor of American pictures. One day she went into a studio pub licity office and complained: — 'Die Kat rine Hepburn, she new here, too, but she gets lots o' publicity. You Btop This was when Mjsb Hepburn was drawing attention to herself by walk ing the studios in a euit of patched overalls. Then Miss Birell went to Mexico, and had difficulty about returning because of the immigration laws. When option time arrived recently, no effort was made to renew her contract. Wera Engela, a pretty German ac tress, actually paid to be freed from her contract. She was told by a palm ist that if ehe gave up her contract she would be among the celebrities within six months. 'Very weU,' said the tndfc) execu tives. 'Give us back three weeks' salary and we shall give you your freedom.' Miss Engels paid, but she has not reached the fame predicted by the palm ist. Gwili Andre, a Danish beanty, whose face and figure had been featured on innumerable magazine covers, arrived in Hollywood in January, 1832, looked at it, and decided that the people in it were not happy. She did not find film parties amusing, and. after working in a picture or two, returned to New York to resume her work as an artiafa model. False Colors '[THERE was a great beating of pub ? j *£. drnm8 when Charlotte Susa ?Mired from Germany to make pic tores. She looked like Vilma Banky. and had the mannerisms of Garbo and Dietrich. But she did not succeed in the studio, and left without jn«lHng a picture. Then came Sari Maritsa, with the story that she was born in China, edu cated in England, and had made her way to the fore as an actress in Vienna. She was given a contract, a travelling companion and secretary, two Persian cats, and a handsome salary. She did a little work in pictures then it was discovered that she was born in Brook lyn. Her contract was not renewed. 'Margaret Lindsay, eminent actress from the London stage,' turned out to be 'Linde Hies,' of Dubuque, Iowa, TLS.A. She had merely played a role or two in England, and had returned to America as an English actress. She had « few roles in western dramas, and then was .released. ... . . . ? . Elkabetb AlVan, & Remrinely attrac tive and talented London stage favorite, went to Hollywood last February under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. In June she was borrowed by Jesse Lasky to play in 'Shanghai Madness.' and after an argument with the director, John BIystone, walked off the set. Fay Wray was substituted. Ellssa Landi, another delightful Eng lish actress, walked off a set and out of a contract, because she was asked to play a woman of unpleasant character. Edna Best some time ago left John Gilbert's film without notice. Zita Johann, a Hungarian, also said good bye to the studios, and returned to Broadway. For the past 15 months Anna Sten, a Russian, has been 'groomed' by Sann-eJ Goldwyn, for 'Nana,' the Emile Zola piece, which is now being produced. She may break the 'hoodoo' which has been overshadowing imported artists. 'Design for Living' TTfHILE the Broadway rtage play 'Design for Living' was being made into a film, it invited the atten tion of the censor, for the piece was written by Noel Coward in hie most provocative mood. But all the innuendo has been care fully removed by Paramount, and the result, according to advance news, is 8 frothy, hilarious story of a woman u. love with two men. Miriam Hopkins is the woman and Fredric March and Gary Cooper are the men. Edward Eererett Horton introduces a new char acter, an American advertising agent. The piece is set in Paris, London, and Long Island. Chinese Star pOX has discovered a Chinese Jackie ?*? Coogan in Harry Shar Low, jun., aged four. He has appeared in several films, and first came to the attention of Fox officials in 'Shanghai Madness.' Early scenes indicated that the boy had talent, and a part was written for him into 'Charlie Chan's Greatest Case.' as a son of Warner Oland. Recently the boy was lent to Metro Goldwyn-Mayer for 'Sequoia,' and he will return to Fox for 'I Came From Hell ' His parents are members of the dra matic stage in the Chinatown of New York, and the lad has already appeared with them there. COMEDIAN AND HIS F'AMILY— Eddie Cantor. Broadway and Hollywood star, with his wife and five daughters. They are Mttrjorie, Natalie, Edna, Marilyn, and Janet* Cantor has the title role in the United Artists' release, 'The Kid from Spain,' at the Regent. COMEDIAN AND HIS F'AMILY— Eddie Cantor. Broadway and Hollywood star, with his wife and five daughters. They are Mttrjorie, Natalie, Edna, Marilyn, and Janet* Cantor has the title role in the United Artists' release, 'The Kid from Spain,' at the Regent. 