REICHSTAG FIRE REQUESTS REFUSED LONDON. Aumist 22. The German relief committee -n London announces that the German Government has refused all the re quests of the International Com mission of Inquiry into the Reich stag fire. The requests included the humane treatment of the Jews pending their trial, the liberation of Tolger from chains, nublicitv throughout the trials. «afety for witnesses and counsel for the defence, the right of defending counsel to see all documents, and per mission for the accused to speak ? to their counsel alone. ? ' DEUT SCHLAND TIBER ALLES. » BERLIN, August 22. On the ground that they were too dignified to be sung on unsuitable oc casions, Herr Goering has issued a de cree banning the singing of 'Deutseh- land Uber Alles ' and Nazi songs in cafes. BROADCASTS CONTINUE. MUNICH, August 22. Despite Signor Mussolini's reported further friendly intervention over the week-end anti-Austrian broadcasts con tinue. A speaker whose name was not announced to- night declared that the Nazis would not be bullied into sub mission, but would continue (o fight to wards their goal, a free German Austria. BRITAIN WATCHFUL. LONDON, August 22. It was announced at the Foreign Office to-day that the British Government had decided to open a new consular post for the Austrian Tyrol at Innsbruck immediately and to appoint a consul. It is understood that this action is due to the desirability of having a poli tical observer on the spot in view of the strained relations between Au»tna and Germany. HAMBURG, August 22. Because they were too soft the head mistresses of 29 girls' high schooU have been dismissed. They will )-e replaced by men. GERMAN BRUTALITY CONTINUES. BERLIN, August 23. Because she remained seated during the singing of a Nazi song, storm troop ers paraded a girl through the streets with placards bearing the words, ' I am a shameless creature, that 1 aui. I dared to remain seated when a national song was being sung, thus mocking the victims of the revolution.' Found with a forgotten old stock of banned Reichbanner pennants in his cel lar, a Jew was taken to the Nazi head quarters, where he was seriously beaten and robbed, and his passport was con fiscated. NUREMBERG, August 23. Included amongst the disgusted foreigners who were forced to witness the spectacle of marching another shaven and white- faced girl in a state of col lapse through the city streets, were the 6on and daughter of the new American Ambassador. The girl bore the placard, 'I wanted to give myself to a Jew.'_^ She repeatedly stumbled, whereupon the Brown Shirts replaced her on her feet, frequently shouldering her to afford a better view to the crowds, who cheered| jeered and jocularly invited her to make a speech. Nuremberg, although a prominent tourist centre, is becoming noted for anti-Semitic outbursts. . INSULT NEVER FORGIVEN. PRAGUEi August 24. At least 200,000 of the 500,000 Jew© in Germany must leave in the next five or 10 years, Dr. Arthur Ruppin, econo mic expert, told the Zionist Congress. There was no salvation for Jews ex cept through migration. He appealed to America to relax her immigration laws and to absorb 100,000, also the League of Nations to assist in placing 50,000 in other countries apart from Palestine. Dr. Soklov, president of the Jewish agency, declared that the Jews would never forget or forgive Germany's in sult to Jewry. PROPERTY CONFISCATED BERLIN, August 27. The latest, decree of the Gov ernment deprives of citizenship and orders the confiscation of property of a long list of exiled authors, socialists, pacifists, and communists. These exiles include the famous writers, Lion Feauchtwanger, Ruth Fischer, Professor Gumber (former Jewish chief of police of Berlin), Herr Weiss (former editor of 'Voer- warts'), Herr Stampfer (playwright),. Ernst Toller, and many others. 'Chnsf was a Jew and the Bible is a Hebrew creation,' his Holiness the Pope recalled in a statement disapproving of the Nazi Anti-Semitic persecutions, which be criticised as poor testimony to, the civilisation ' of a great people. THE SAAR. - BERLIN, August 27. : „ The Chancellor (Herr Hitler) and Captin von Papen flew irom Tannen- 1 berg to-day to- attend a great demon stration by the Saar League at Rudesheim. Speaking at the foot of the war monument erected in 1870, Herr Hitler declared that back to Germany represented the only way for the peoples of the Saar. Germany desired an understanding with France on all questions, but would never renounce the Saar, as the Saar would never abandon Ger many. Marxists who had betrayed the country bad been expelled and the Germans were again one people and would never more be torn asunder. President Hindenburg telegraphed, asserting the unextinguis'uable con nection of the German Saar district with Germany. Communists and Socialists staged counter demonstrations at Saar Brucken and Neunkirchen. The 'News-Chronicle's' Berlin cor respondent says that Herr Hitlers arrival at Rudesheim evoked the wildest enthusiasm. Sixty special trains brought over 10,000 Germans from the Saar on Saturday, thou sands more arriving later. Two thousand carrier pigeons bore Ger man greetings to those remaining in the Saar territory. An army of Brown Shirts carried myriads of Nazi banners, and beflagged canoes and loud speakers booming 'Deutsch- land Uber Alles' testified to the skill with which the demonstration had been planned. FUTURE OF THE JEWS. PRAGUE, August 27. Lord Melchett arrived at the Zionist Congress. He stated that Germany's co-operation was essential to the solu tion of the problem of the future of the Jews. He appealed to Germany to allow Jewish youths orderly migration to Palestine. Surely Germany under stood that it would be impossible to degrade 500,000 people. FRONTIER RIGHTS. COPENHAGEN, August 28. The growing tension south of Jutland owing to recent Nazi ac tivities in the neighbourhood of the Danish-Germain frontier was strongly emphasised at a private political meeting of all Danish parties to-day. There is a feeling of August, 1914, in the air, one speaker de clared. 'Though we do not fear trou ble, we believe Germany will attempt to recover her lost territory immedi ately she feelg strong enough to face the opposition of the Powers.'' Leading Nazis make no secret that they desire a restoration of the 3S64 frontier. German storm troopers marched through the streets of Flens burg, singing of the coming reunion of the Tyrol and North Schleswig wifa the Fatherland. The Danes are convinced that Storm Troops contemplated an unofficial oc cupation of South Jutland at Easter time in order to compel Denmark to negotiate with Berlin, but a partici pant betrayed the intention and the crisis passed. However, one result was a Danish law prohibiting the wearing of uniforms. Meanwhile, Nazis south of the fron tier are undermining liberty which to days exists largely on paper, while on the north frontier 35 German schools iave been established. Teachers in sufficiently Nazi in outlook have been replaced, resulting in each school be coming a propaganda centre and the potential headquarters of Storm Troops. Moreover, Germans are spending 12,000 kroner in establishing a rowing club at Aabenaa and 13,500 kroner on school buildings. They also are giving pupils cycles, rail tic kets, omnibus tickets, and even dog carts ? to attend German schools. Par ents refusing these offers are boycot ted. A more sinister feature Is the establishment of espionage In South Jutland, accompanied by threats of a concentration camp 'when a change takes place, which will not be long,' to Danes assisting German refugees. PARIS, August '-8. Another frontier outrage is report ed, this time in the village of Bur gueland, which is the Alsace Lorraine of Belgium, being taken from Germany at the end of Hie World War. Four Nazis in uniform crossed the frontier and walked through the streets of Burgueland, insulting any W.io refused to salute. Belgium gendarmes were called and escorted the Nazis across the frontier, but three hours later the Nazis re turned, and one of them, with a bot tle ot beer, fractured a gendarme's skull. The gendarme is now in hos pital. The assailant was arrested, but the others escaped. BERNE, Aupust 28. The Swiss aie intensely indignant at the fres'i violation of frontier rights. A Czecho-Slovakian named Weber, allegedly engaged in smug gling sugar in Germany, was sudden ly seized by three Germans while walking in Swiss territory near Ram sen and treated with considerable brutality. He was tied with ropes and dragged across the frontier, though' bleeding badly. A Swjsr customs officer has tened to his rescue,1 but was afraid to shoot at the German patrol. T.ie Swiss Government has instructed its Ambassador in Berlin to demand that the perpetrators of the outrage be severely punished. BERLIN, August 28. Three hunclrcjj specially trained gen darmes, reinforcing the local forces, are patrolling the Austro-Gevman frontier at Salzburg owing t' a large number of Austrian Nazis having escaped by a seorpt mountain pass into Germany, in cluding 78 in one nijrht. LOCAL CONSCRIPTION. The Minister for Defence announced what may be regarded as the first in dication of the reintroduction of local conscription by training relays of 8000 to 10.000 youths for six months along side the regulars. 