MODERN EDUCATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER. Sir,-Most "Courier" readers will agree with Archbishop Duhig in his strong advocacy of good technical and scientific education, and it will also be generally agreed that the Queensland University deserves all the complimen- tary remarks which have been bestow- ed upon it for having departed more from ancient precedents than other Australian Universities. There is nothing new In the arguments advanced tor and in favour of technical edu- cation. The Sydney University Ad- vancement Society (with the Hon. George Houston Reid as president)^ carried on propaganda on the same lines 30 years ago. The late Mr. G. H. Knibbs, former Commonwealth Statistician, in his voluminous report on educational methods in Europe, dwelt largely on the need of good in- dustrial education. Denmark intro- duced technical education into State schools and high schools over 30 years ago, and has not retrogressed in cul- ture as a result, nor does the Danish University graduate consider himself too elite to be a farmer, because he is a man of education. However, there is much more need- ed here in Australia than improve- ments in technical education. A know- ledge of botany may engender pleas- ant reflections in the soul of the graduate, but it- will not keep him from starvation in a country which has failed to keep going laboratories to keep up the excellent researches of plant chemistry, so ably started by Anderson and Baker in toe Sydney Technical College; a country which could not "afford" to pay a salary to the late Frederick Bailey, and which dispensed with the services of Temple Clerk, and which nevertheless could afford to spend millions on the Immi- gration and Development Commission, on the British party of oil geologists, on the British Geophysical Commis- sion, and on aeronautical escapades. As for geology we know that the pub- lic displays more appreciation for the divining rod, but the divining rod is a long way behind the cricket bat in popularity. Consequently our Govern- ments have sadly understaffed geolo- gical departments, and the Cabinet frequently on pressure from local mem- bers carries out the recommendation of "the practical man," some long tongued individual, in preference to the advice of its scientific experts ("pure theorists," according to local Ms.L.A.). Hence the white elephant batteries and loans to go-getting com- panies, which wind up before reach- ing production. We are getting exact- ly what our present more or less illit- erate democracy desires. At least de- mocracy controls the situation. The truth remains that no amount of technical education will by itself check overproduction. It will tend to increase production if it is a success. The result under the present system would be increased unemployment in all avenues and half of the well trained and technically educated young people would still parade the streets in search of work and food, and lean on Government rations for a subsistence. That applies to rural and industrial production alike. Governments here and the world over will have to tackle the problem of regulating production to consumption and trade demands, and of regulating hours and working time accordingly to give work to all who are willing to work. Trade and technical employment can also be in- creased by creating new needs. Cheap books create readers. Good books create a desire for good bookbinding. The late W. G. Stead conferred a great boon on all British speaking peoples by publishing all great standard clas- sical works in cheap editions. That was about 40 years ago. Post-war Governments have tried to undo the work of our school systems by mak- ing books prohibitive in price, and by censoring and prohibiting much of the finest literature of the world. But these Governments are not in them- selves to blame, because they are put there by the democracy we possess. I should say myself that, side by side «with improvements in and expan- sion of technical education there should be education in economics, men- tal philosophy, and financial prin- ciples. In the State schools elemen- tary political economy should be taught as well as domestic economy. In the high schools, more advanced political economy, including authors on bank- ing and finance, as well as philosophy. Of course, I do not expect that Gov- ernments which are prepared to pro- hibit and censor good art and litera- ture, and which expel a school teacher for giving a lecture on Russia, will sanction the study of Marx's Capital, Hobson's Origin of Modern Capital- ism, or Max Nordau's Conventional Lies in schools and colleges, but if only a taste is engendered for the study of the writings of thinkers, even though it be Kant and Schopen- hauer or like conservative minds, the student and reader will branch out and read more widely, and get the right mentality for judging on politi- cal questions and exercising the fran- chise intelligently. We may then hope to get better government and the un- employment problem will then not be I such a difficult one to solve. I am, sir, &c;, H. I. JENSEN, DJSc. Mt. Perry, February 20. 