AUSTRALIA'S MARITIME HISTORY (By ''Junius.'') (Copyright applied for.) THE YEAR 1892. The fire demon opened the account on January 4, when the ship W. H. Lincoln was totally destroyed while at her wharf in Woolloomooloo Bay, Port Jackson. Other January wrecks were the 36-ton schooner Alpha, near Waiwera, New Zealand; the 23-ton schooner Emily and Mary which foun- dered off Newcastle ; the schooner Mahurangi, on Great Barrier Island, N.Z. ; and the 85-ton brigantine Ryno, on Flint Island, near Low Archipel- ago. The steamer Zeus stranded twice on Green Island, off Cairns, in two days, on February 21 and 22, and sur- vived even that rough handling. Other February wrecks were the 145 ton brigantine Circe, at Macquarie Harbour ; the 78-ton steamer En- deavour, on Brunswick River ; the schooner May Queen, on Britomart Reef, off Palm Islands, Queensland ; the barque Star of Erin, on Waipapa Point, New Zealand, and the 79-ton schooner Winefred, at Rotumah Is- land. March was given a clean sheet, but there were three wrecks in April. They were the 57-ton steamer Union on Richmond River bar on the 29th ; the 43-ton schooner Agnes at Bremer Bay ; and the schooner Champion, which foundered off the coast of N.S.W. May opened with the wreck of the 100-ton schooner Bellinger on Strad- broke Island on the 5th, and she was followed by the steamer Warooka, which sank at Adelaide. Then came the wreck of the barque Elizabeth on either Bampton or Chesterfield Reef on the 5th, while bound from Sydney to Rotterdam with shale. Her crew was picked up by the steamer Vic- toria near Claremont lightship. The possibility of the Elizabeth having been wrecked on Chesterfield Reef is discounted somewhat by reason of the 99-ton schooner Waireka being wrecked there on the 27th, or less than three weeks later. She was landing machinery for a guano station when her cable parted during a heavy gale. Other May wrecks were the 48-ton schooner Julius, which founder- ed off Ninety-Mile Beach, and the Nebo, which foundered at Towns- ville on the 13th. The schooner Sylvani was wrecked at Brisbane on June 4, and another ship suffered by fire in Port Jackson she being the Wavertree, the fire oc- curring on June 7 at Hoffnung's wharf. The brigantine Warilta was wrecked at Maryborough on the 16th, other June wrecks being the 273-ton Adelaide barque Claymore, locality not mentioned ; the schooner Eloise, in York Sound ; and the 93-ton schooner Grace Lynn, at Richmond River. July wrecks were the 62-ton schooner Activity, off the coast of Western Australia ; the 213-ton schooner Edith May, at Wanganui, New Zealand ; the 58-ton schooner Enterprise, on the Forth River, Tas- mania ; and the 32-ton schooner Mys- tery, on the coast of N.S.W. The barque Newfield was wrecked off Port Campbell on August 28, while bound to Brisbane, the other three August wrecks being the 853-ton schooner Friendship, in the New Hebrides ; the schooner Pearl, in Cor- sair Bay, Lyttelton ; and the 58- ton schooner William aud Alexander at Terrigal. The only September wreck was that of the 853-ton barque Wave Queen, which was setting out on her 18th voyage to New Zealand, when she was cut down by a steamer off Dublin. She carried several thous- ands of people to their new homes in New Zealand. The fine 1428-ton ship Morayshire, well-known to early Australian colon- ists, disappeared when she sailed from Java for Vancouver on October 22\. There were three other October wrecks :— The 60-ton schooner Awaroa at Poverty Bay, N.Z. ; the 138-ton schooner Minnie Young, which was lost with all hands while bound from Newcastle to Townsville ; and the 65-ton schooner Pearl, off the coast of Western Australia. The schooner Maggie Logan led the November wrecks when she foundered in Trinity Bay on the 12th. Then came the pearler Julia, lost near Wyndham on the 20th ; and the 49 ton steamer Marvel, stranded in Shoalhaven Bight on the 24th. Two other wrecks were the 221-ton brig Camille, which foundered in Fouveaux Straits ; and the schooner Good In- tent, which foundered a Port Darwin. Another well-known N.Z. immigrant ship was lost in the J??e Readman, of 962-tons, which stranded on Chat- ham Islands on December 20. She was homeward bound from Napier for London on the last half of her 23rd voyage, so that her going was felt in many New Zealand homes. Other December wrecks were the 41-ton schooner Coquette, in Waratah Bay ; the Levuka schooner Emily Miller at Kandavau Island, Fiji ; the schooner Kermandie, which went missing with all hands ; the 214-ton schooner May Newton, which foundered off the Tas- manian coast ; the Sydney schooner Princess, lost at Fiji ; and the 76-ton labour schooner Sandfly, lost among the Solomons. THE YEAR 1893. Noumea was the scene of the first dated wreck in 1893, the vessel being the 218-ton brigantine Peerless which was lost there on January 19. Next came the 149-ton brigantine Darcy Pratt, which was wrecked on Polmaise Reef, off Masthead Island, on the 21st ; and the steamer Ramornie, which foundered at Grafton, N.S.W., on the 31st. Other wrecks were the 247- ton brigantine Jessie on Long Island, Chesterfield Reefs ; the 129-ton schooner Minna Bell, lost at Lyttelton and the 185-ton steamed Tweed, wreck- ed at Byron Bay. The 226-ton steamer Dicky was beached under Caloundra Head to save life on February 4, in the face of a howling south-easter and empty bunkers ; the 164-ton schooner Foam — with 84 returning kanakas on board — was wrecked on Myrmidon Reef, off Townsville, on the 5th ; the lighter Norseman drove ashore in Horspshoe Bay, Magnetic Island, on the 4th ; the 95-ton schooner Daphne capsized off Wide Bay on the 10th, all but one of her crew being lost. The schooner Archimedes was lost near Townsville, and the 252-ton Auckland schooner Maile went miss- ing with all hands, both in February. The ship's graveyard on Stockton Beach, Newcastle Bight, received an other victim on March 10 in the 214-ton brig Hebe, which was lost there during a heavy south-east gale. The 87-ton schooner Ellerton was lost on Broadhurst Reef, off Towns- ville on the 18th, while bound from Townsville to Hobart with a cargo of bonedust. Other March wrecks were the 42-ton p.s. Belmore at Coff's Harbour ; the 26-ton steamer Pilot, sunk in Hobson's Bay ; the 44-ton steamer Ruby, at Mongawai ; and the schooner Start, in Kennedy Bay, N.Z. The three April wrecks were the 150-ton schooner Annie Wilson at Tarauaki ; the 102-ton schooner Just in Time, in Charlotte Bay ; and the 22-ton steamer Meteor, which founder- ed off the Tasmanian coast. Coming to May, the steamer Port Jackson was burnt in Sydney Har- bour on the 25th, and the old ships Golden South and Vernon followed suit in Kerosene Bay on the 29th. A MIGHTY BLAZE. The Golden South arrived at Mary- borough on June 6, 1866, and that seems to have been her one and only appearance in Queensland. She appears to have about reached the stage where her further ventures to sea was a matter for serious con- sideration, as we find that about 1873 she was transformed into a coal hulk, with headquarters at Kerosene Bay, Port Jackson. Near her lay the old frigate- built ship Vernon, drowsing away the twi- light of her old age. Built away back in 1839, she could recall the old man cyclone through which she passed in the Bay of Bengal in No- vember of 1843, as well as innumer- able gales through which she had fought until she was sold and became a reformatory ship. Laden with the incorrigible youth of N.S.W., it is probable that the Vernon considered herself somewhat higher in the social scale than was the Golden South, which held coals only. Still, it is possible to imagine the spirits of these two relics of a virile and pion- eering age communing together, as vagrant winds from the tireless ocean droned over their stumpy masts. However that may be, the fact re- mains that the old Vernon sank an other notch in the social scale of ships when she was sold to the ship- breaker. The indignity seems to have rankled, and she appears to have made up her mind to have a real Viking's funeral, and to extend the same honour to the Golden South. On May 29 her smouldering resent- ment broke out in open conflagra- tion, and before Sydneyites quite knew what was happening, they were being treated to one of the most awe inspiring spectacles this mortal stage offers, that is, a burning ship. They had just settled down to that when the Golden South joined in the spree, and as she had on board a consider- able amount of coal her contribution to the conflagration and general dis- play was most impressive. Nobody could get near to the two blazing hulks that were cheating the ship- breaker, and before long nobody want- ed to. Throughout the whole of that night these two vessels held a torch that illuminated Sydney as it has not been lit up since. Thousands of people flocked to watch the magnifi- cent spectacle, and the cold dawn was creeping over the eastern horizon when at last the flames reached the water's edge and were baulked of the last timbers. It is never otherwise when it comes to a fight between sea and fire — the sea always claims that last part and the fire is sullenly van- quished. Thus passed the Golden South and Vernon, and if no sagas were sung as the flames roared up from their funeral pyre, they can at least claim to have had one of the most impres- sive maritime funerals that was ever staged. June wrecks were the 156-ton brigan- tine Saucy Jack, at Coff's Harbour ; and the 68-tan schooner Mary Ogilvie, at Norfolk Island. It was during June that the 1250-ton wool and immigrant clipper ship Wellington crashed into an iceberg in the small hours of the morning down off Cape Horn, and got clear only by a miracle. ''Now we know what happened to the Dunedin,'' said Captain Cowan when they put the crippled ship on her course for Rio de Janeiro. The 163-ton schooner Samoa opened the ball in July by becoming wrecked near Ulladulla on the 12th. WILLIAM LANE'S DREAM. It is strange that Australia, so closely associated with what really amounted to a thinly disguised form of kanaka slavery, should at this stage have been the scene of a social ex- periment for elevating the plane of the white worker. The year 1893 saw the culmination of William Lane's desire to ''... idealise labour, to conquer want, and hate, and greed, and vice, and establish peace on earth and goodwill among men.'' For years Lane's burning phrases and propaganda denouncing capitalism had flooded Australia, and were no doubt powerful factors in leading up to the industrial turmoil that began with the general strike in 1890, flared up again in 1891 and 1892, and culminated in the shearing strike in 1894. But before then Lane had organised his New Australia, had chartered the Royal Tar — unhappy omen — and set sail for Paraguay with his first con- tingent on 16th July, 1893. The story of their adventures has been oft-told, and mention of it is made here to place correctly with South Sea history a scheme of colonisation, launched from an infant colony, that at the time created a profound sensation through out the English-speaking world. A collision with the steamer Elinga- mite near Newcastle caused the wreck of the 37-ton schooner Guiding Star; and the barque Argo created a sensa- tion by blowing up in Neutral Bay, Sydney, on the 24th, the agent being coal gas. Other July wrecks were the 32-ton schooner Dream, at Tauranga Heads, N.Z. ; the 30-ton schooner Har old, in the New Hebrides ; and the 135 ton steamer Hilda, off Port Hacking. Eel Reef, off Cape Weymouth, was the scene of the wreck of the 382-ton steamer Corea on August 15. She was bound to Cooktown from Normanton, a strong tide and feeble engines being blamed. On the same day the barque Girvan foundered off Auckland, her crew of 20 being rescued through some fine work on the part of the White Star clipper ship George Thompson. The other August wreck was that of the 57-ton steamer Cairo, on the Brunswick River. Taking down with her the Nor- wegian flag and the name Magnolia, the 964-ton White Star clipper ship Damascus was lost at Bersimis on Sep- tember 1st. Then on the 4th the 692- ton barque Spirit of the Dawn was wrecked on Auckland Islands, four men being drowned. Her survivors lived for 87 days on raw penguin and mutton birds, while a well-stocked depot remained undiscovered. The 724 ton barque Florence Treat was lost on the 8th, while on a voyage to China ; the 29-ton schooner Comet was wreck- ed on the Barrier Reef to the east of Cape Upstart on the 15th ; and the 56 ton schooner Result was wrecked near Jervis Bay on the 30th. One other September wreck was the 48-ton p.s. Gneering, at Maroochie River. The 404-ton steamer Woonona was lost in the Fitzroy River of October 13th ; and the schooner Philip Palfrey sank in the Pioneer River, Mackay, on the 16th. Other October wrecks were the 32-ton schooner Bound to Win, at Port Stephens ; the 41-ton schooner Janet Ramsey at Waikoro River, N.Z. ; and the 188-ton Adelaide brigantine Sedwell Jane at Algoa Bay. ANOTHER SUBMARINE CABLE. Bundaberg (Q.) and New Caledonia were linked by cable, which was opened to traffic in October. The only two wrecks during Novem- ber were the 294-ton Sydney barque Brazileira on the coast of China, and the 142-ton brigantine Victory at Cape Howe. The 516-ton steamer Titus struck on Sandy Cape Shoal, Q., on December 1, and only first-class seamanship and fine weather enabled her to reach Moreton Bay just as she was on the point of sinking. Following her came the 867-ton steamer Tenterden, which was lost near Cape Northumberland on the 19th. Then on the 28th the iron screw steamer Alert foundered outside Port Phillip Heads, and only one of her company survived. He was the cook, and was carried by the tide on to the beach at Sorrento, where some holiday makers found him while searching for ''finds'' driven up by the subsiding gale. Between the 24th and 27th a hurricane held sway to the south of Roebourne, W.A., wreck- ing 15 pearling luggers and drown- ing 20 men. The toll was always heavy during these visitants. The well- known 1512-ton wool clipper Jason was lost on Cape Cod on the 15th, only one apprentice getting ashore ; and the 261-ton brigantine Eillan Donan was lost on Chesterfield Reefs. Undated 1893 wrecks were the 305 ton brigantine Buster at Woolooga ; the 901-ton White Star clipper ship Jerusalem foundered with all hands in the North Atlantic ; the 62-ton ves- sel Pioneer was lost on the Tasmanian coast ; and the 2101-ton ship Woolton joined the great fleet of miss- ing ships on the Newcastle-Peru- Chile-Californian route. THE YEAR 1894. The storm gods held insolent sway over northern Australia during a con- siderable portion of January, leaving the land drenched and chastened and a trail of wreckage and mourning in their wake. The first visitant was from the 3rd to the 4th at Cossack and Roebourne, and five days later (9th) they were back again, wreaking fearful havoc. Many luggers were washed up at Cossack, among them being the 102-ton schooner Anne, the 25-ton schooner Maud, and the lugger Iolanthe. The death roll was esti- mated at over 40. Taking a short breathing spell, the riot broke out again, this time over the Gulf of Carpentaria, where it en- countered the 396-ton steamer Kana- hooka, which was bound from Rocky Islet, Wellesley Group, to Tasmania, with a cargo of guano. She was really overladen and proved an easy victim to the raging storm, foundering on the 19th, and taking two lives with her. Two others perished after reaching shore, near where the Duyf- ken men landed 289 years before. The newly established mission station at Mapoon rendered yoeman service. Meanwhile, at Rocky Islet, where the guano was being won, the 203-ton barque Waratah, the schooner May, and the steam launch Athol were all driven ashore and wrecked, with a loss of one life. The 81-ton schooner Renard — ex-H.M.S. — was never seen again after she left Rubiana, in the Solomon Group, for Brisbane on the 20th ; the 594-ton barque Nicoya — formerly a clipper ship — was wrecked about four miles south of the light house at Noumea on the 24th, while bound from Saigon to Noumea with rice and tea ; and the 210-ton brigan- tine Borough Belle was lost on Bel- lona Reef, her crew making the coast of Queensland in the boats. Other January wrecks were the 644-ton American ship Hilo, while bound from Newcastle for Honolulu, and the 45- ton schooner Owake Bell on the coast of New Zealand. The 66-ton schooner Sea Foam was lost at Nelson's Bay on February 1 ; the 336-ton barque Gazelle was wreck- ed at Nelson, New Zealand, on the 3rd ; the 998-ton barque Jennie Parker struck on Bellona Shoal on the 16th, while bound to the Philippines with coal from Newcastle, but got off again and made Brisbane ; and the 640-ton Danish barque Aarhus was lost on Smith's Rock, Cape Moreton, on the 24th. Other February wrecks were the 55-ton schooner Empire at Port Phillip ; the schooner Governor Weld on Casuarina Reef, West Australia ; the 34-ton steamer Minx, off the coast of Tasmania ; and the schooner Phan- tom, on Stonehouse Island. The schooner Grace Darling (ex- Isabella Gollan) was wrecked in More- ton Bay on March 14th ; and the 84-ton schooner Mabel White foundered about nine miles off the entrance to Richmond River after striking some wreckage on the 19th. Other March wrecks were the 1747-ton chip Colin- trave, which left Newcastle for San Francisco and was never seen again. She took a company of 31 with her. The others were the 51-ton schooner Forest Queen, wrecked at Charlotte Head ; the 56-ton schooner Hygeia, lost on the coast of New Guinea ; and the 62-ton schooner Tuggerah, wreck- ed at Byron Bay. The 85-ton schooner Clara Ethel was beached on Claremont Island to save life on April 14th, her anchors failing to hold during a heavy blow ; and the 65-ton schooner Mary Warner foundered in Bateman's Bay on the 23rd. Some time during April the 154-ton schooner Ariel was wrecked at Bougainville Island. The natives had so far responded to the teachings of civilisation that they refrained from butchering any of the helpless castaways. They poisoned two of them instead. Other April wrecks were the 46-ton schooner Caledonia, which foundered off Norah Head ; the schooner Crest of the Wave was lost in Smith's Bay, Kangaroo Island ; the 216-ton brigantine Grecian Bend foundered in Hawkes Bay, New Zea- land ; the 133-ton steamer Kiwi piled up on Kahau Island, New Zealand ; and the 1727-ton favourite inter- colonial steamer Rotomahana was broken up. There were only two wrecks in May — the 39-ton schooner Dolly Walms- ley, at Stony Point, Newcastle ; and the 59-ton steamer Greyhound foun- dered off Manly after striking some wreckage. The 309-ton barque Alexander New- ton was wrecked on Portland Island, New Zealand, on June 30 ; and the 252-ton brigantine Indiana was lost off Cape Barren, Bass Strait, during June. Laden with blue stone, the steamer Resolute put into Wollongong in a fainting condition on July 13, and then while everyone was wiping their brows in the extremity of their relief, she foundered under their feet, and closed the chapter. Following her the barque Enbialtes was wrecked on one of the Fiji Group on the 26th. Other wrecks were the steamer Clyde, burnt at Corner Inlet ; the 66-ton schooner Dunedin, which foundered off the west coast of N.Z. ; and the 80 ton schooner Pearl, in Tarn o' Shanter Bay, Tasmania. The 671-ton four-mast schooner Lady Bowen piled up on Bramble Retef, off Palm Islands, Q., on August 19, her crew getting clear in the boat. Other August wrecks were the Alfred and Lizzie on Hope Beach, Tas. ; the 188-ton barque Free Trader, at Warrnambool ; the 41-ton schooner Nellie, in Hot Water Bay, N.Z. ; the 133-ton p.s. Rodney, burnt on the Darling River ; and the 23-ton schoon- er Tea Tephi, in Twofold Bay. September was only three days old when the 1651-ton barque Cambuswal- lace was wrecked on Stradbroke Is- land with a loss of five lives. The schooner Julia was wrecked at Nou- mea, and the steamer Trident at Moruya, both on the 6th ; the 93-ton schooner Sea Nymph struck some sunken obstacle off Cape Upstart on the 10th, and was beached in Upstart Bay to save her from foundering ; the 1313-ton steamer Eddystone was wrecked at Depuch Island on the 11th ; the 1467-ton steamer Colonist was wrecked on the Oyster Bank, Newcastle, on the 12th — she went on top of the Cawarra ; and the 1160-ton American barque Richard Parsons was wrecked on Mindoro Island, in the Philippine Group, on the 17th, while bound from Newcastle to Manila with coal ; and the 55-ton schooner Echo was lost in Port Ste- phens on the 21st. Other September wrecks were the 46-ton schooner Cat- lin, off the coast of New Zealand ; the 97-ton schooner Christine, at Waito- tara River, N.Z. ; the 41-ton schooner Rob Roy, and 90-ton schooner Trio, both of which foundered off the coast of N.S.W. The ship Aeolus was wrecked on Cape Banks on October 3 ; and the 715-ton steamer Rodondo was lost on Pollock Reef, W.A., on the 7th. The arrival in Queensland of the labour vessel William Manson on Oc- tober 18 revived interest in the Hope ful case, in that a charge of kidnap- ping was brought against the crew of the Manson, one of whom turned Queen's evidence. But the jury re- turned a verdict of not guilty, and so a prospective sensational trial fell flat. The 140-ton steamer Bowra foundered off Seal Rocks on the 27th ; and the old White Star clipper Jerusa- lem left New Brunswick with a cargo of lumber for London on the 28th, and that was the last ever seen of her. Then on the 29th there came the tragic wreck of the popular pas- senger steamer Wairarapa (1023-tons) on Great Barrier Island in the small hours of the 29th, with a loss of 120 lives. Other October wrecks were the 86-ton schooner Candidate while entering Port Macquarie, with a loss of two lives ; the old White Star clip- per Ethiopian was abandoned off the Azores — she was picked up and towed to St. Michaels, where she was con- demned and the 44-ton schooner Isa- bel, which foundered off Hummock Island, Bass Strait. The 139-ton schooner Thistle struck on the Rua Suva Reef, off the north- east coast of Guadalcanar Island on November 9, and became a total wreck ; the 130-ton schooner Escort became wrecked on Double Cone Is- land, Q., on the 13th ; the 83-ton schooner Ruby was wrecked off New- castle on the 17th ; the 323-ton steam- er Gwydir was wrecked at Norah Head on the 29th ; and the 45-ton schooner Coomba was never seen again after she sailed from Townsville for Mary- borough on the 30th. The 22-ton schooner Dauntless foundered off Broken Bay some time in November. December wrecks were the 1461-ton ship Earl of Zetland off Dungeness on the 4th, while bound from London to Melbourne ; and the small steamer Princess, sunk in collision with the Awhina in Sydney Harbour on the 18th. She had on board a number of children going on a picnic, and four deaths followed the sinking. Undated wrecks during 1894 were the 837-ton ship Araby Maid, near Kingsdown, while bound from London to Port Chalmers ; the barque Rock- hampton, off Kimberley, W.A. ; and the 879-ton tea clipper Titania was badly damaged in collision with the steamer Konoowarra. THE YEAR 1895. The disappearance of coal-laden ships after leaving Newcastle had always imparted a sinister aspect to this trade. Its real cause was prob- ably masked for some time, owing to many very unhealthy vessels partici- pating therein, but as other avenues of employment for well-found sailing ships closed with the advent of steam- ers the dangers of coal cargoes under prevailing conditions forced them- selves upon the authorities. A YEAR OF MISSING SHIPS. The year 1895 saw no less than six cases where large sailing ships faded from mortal ken when they sailed from Newcastle, another was abandoned at sea with fire in full control, and one blew up in Sydney harbour. The six ships which disappeared aggregated 6401 tons, and carried into the un- known crews aggregating 128 souls. The first wreck of the year was that of the Emma Matilda on North Head, Sydney Harbour, on the 2nd, with a loss of one life. Then came the Ameri- can barque Sarah S. Ridgway, which left Newcastle with a cargo of coal for Singapore and was wrecked on Bellona Shoals on the 29th. Her crew reached Burnett Heads in the boats. Other wrecks were the 809-ton ship Florence, which left Newcastle for Panama with 21 souls on board, and was never seen again ; the 65-ton schooner Margaret Jane, at Trial Bay ; the 21-ton schooner Morning Light at Davidson Bay, Tas. ; and the 28-ton schooner Ocean, which foundered off Fiji. The schooner Hilda was lost near Ulladulla on February 6, and the brig Prosperity was blown up by an explo- sion of coal gas in Neutral Bay on the 20th. This incident should have given a clue to the reason for more import- ant disappearances. The 1360-ton ship Cumbrae and the 1296-ton 6hip Menai both disappeared with all hands after leaving Newcastle with coal. The Cumbrae was bound for Valparaiso, and took 23 lives with her, while the Menal was bound for Tocapilla, and took 22 lives to the land of missing ships. The remaining wreck, that of the 98-ton schooner Grace Dent, oc- curred at Wanganui Heads, N.Z. The 59-ton schooner Adieu foundered in Trinity Bay on April 25th, the only other wreck of the month being that of the 56-ton steamer Dairymaid, the locality not being given. There were no wrecks in May. June wrecks were the 1352-ton ship Flora P. Stafford, bound to Manila with coal from Newcastle, which was abandoned on fire ; the 1053-ton ship Noddleburn, which was never seen again after leaving Newcastle with a crew of 25 all told, and coal for Toca pilla ; and the 90-ton schooner Strath- more on the east coast of Tasmania. The three July weeks were the ship Hilaria. burnt at Port Macquarie, on the 10th ; the steamer Argus, on a reef off Home Islands, Torres Strait ; and the 1384-ton ship Lady Lawrence, which disappeared with all hands (25) after leaving Newcastle for Valparaiso with coal. THE CATTERTHUN. A wreck that stirred profoundly many Australian homes was that of the 2179-ton steamer Catterthun, which occurred on Seal Rocks on August 8. She had left Sydney on the day before for China, and drove on the rocks at night with a loss of 55 lives. The schooner Norman was lost on Bellambi Reef on the 30th ; and the 108-ton brigantine Lookout was beached and abandoned on Dove Island, Torres Strait, on the 31st, after being ashore successively on reefs off Darnley Island, Yule Island, and on Warrior Reef. The 490-ton barque Thurso was wrecked at Greymouth, N.Z., during the month. The two September wrecks were the 390-ton brigantine Zeno, which foun- dened off Lord Howe Island on the 16th ; and the hulk Gem, which foun- dered off Barranjuey on the 27th, with a loss of two lives. The 118-ton brigantine Sahar Pile stranded on Breaksea Spit on October 17 bound from Auckland to Rockhamp- ton, and was abandoned to her fate. She floated off again, however, and was towed into Maryborough to avoid becoming one of those harlots of the seas — a derelict. Some time during November the French barque Terre Neuve foundered in the Indian Ocan, her crew being rescued during heavy weather by the magnificent seamanship displayed by the crew of the White Star ship Aristides. The barque Durisdeer was lost on Stockton Beach on December 24 through a tow rope parting, all hands getting clear through the efforts of the rocket brigade. The 432-ton barque Grassmere was wrecked near Cape Terawhiti, N.Z., on the 25th, while tak- ing a cargo of coal from Newcastle to Wellington. The last wreck of the year was that of the 499-ton brigantine Prince James, which left Newcastle with a crew of 12 and a cargo of coal for Valparaiso and was never seen again. Undated wrecks were the two White Star clipper ships Moravian (996 tons) : and the Star of Peace (1855 tons), which both went to the shipbreakers. The Moravian went to her end at Syd- ney, and the Star of Peace at Thurs- day Island, after serving there for some years as handmaiden to less famous ships. STANDARD TIMES. Until 1895 the times kept in the several Australian States had not been standardised. This was effected dur- ing 1895, the meridians and times selected, together with dates of coming into force were: — State Date Meridian, east Time, ahead of Greenwich of Greenwich Queensland January 1st .. 150 10 hours New South Wales February 1st .. 150 10 Victoria February 1st .. 150 10 South Australia .. .. .. February 1st .. 135 9 Do. May 1st 142½ 9½ Tasmania . . . . . . September 1st . . 150 10 Western Australia . . . . . December 1st . . 120 8 THE YEAR 1896. The 842-ton ship Halcione, which had made 19 voyages to New Zealand, opened a busy month by becoming wrecked when entering Wellington on January 3. The steamer Ada Dent was sunk in collision at Towns- ville on the 23rd, and she was follow- ed by the 558-ton steamer Glanworth, which was lost in the north channel into Port Curtis or the 25th. The cut of a light sector in Gatcombe Head came in for much discussion. Then came the cyclone known as "Sigma," which struck Townsville on the 26th, and before it was over the vessels Alexandra, Ellen, Heather Bell, and Star of Hope were all cot cases in the harbour, while the 119 ton schooner Lavina had driven ashore on Magnetic Island with a loss of one life. The 259-ton steamer Al- dinga was wrecked on Bellambi Reef, and the steamer Wollumbia was wrecked on Norah Head, both on the 27th. The ship Thistlebank was badly damaged by fire while at her wharf in Sydney Harbour, and the 2347-ton ship Republic was abandoned at sea with her coal cargo on fire. She was bound from Newcastle to San Francisco. The 41-ton ferry steamer Pearl col- lided with the Lucinda at Brisbane, and the flood waters capsized her, drowning 23 people. The 37-ton schooner Violet was wrecked to the north of Keppel Bay on the 24th ; and the 1173-ton White Star clipper ship Ninevah was abandoned at sea while on a voyage from Puget Sound to Sydney. Two March wrecks were the 35-ton steamer Harrington, and the 60-ton schooner Petrel, both on the Bellinger River bar. The only April wreck was that of the 63-ton steamer Ara- koon, which foundered to the south of Barnard Island while bound to Towns- ville on the 17th. Three lives went with her. The 849-ton barque Coromandel, while on her seventh voyage to New Zealand ports, stranded at Westport, N.Z-, but got off again. She was leaking, however, and this, combined with a ledge left when dredging the berth, caused her to capsize at her wharf at Wellington on May 3. From that exploit to become a lighter was an easy and natural step. The ship Ellen A. Read was badly damaged by fire while lying in Sydney Harbour on the 3rd ; the 94-ton schooner Byron sprang a leak and foundered off the Nobbies on the 24th ; the 96-ton steamer Condon and 201-ton brigan- tine Karola were both wrecked at Morna Point, Newcastle, on the 25th. There were no wrecks in June, and the 962-ton White Star clipper ship Thyatira, which ended her days under a foreign flag on Pontal de Barra, was the only one in July. ANOTHER ISLAND MASSACRE. But the hand of the Solomon Island- er had not lost its cunning, nor was he able to resist the temptation offer- ed by the defenceless condition of the Australian scientific party led by Baron Foullon. The Baron, a mid- shipman named de Beaufort, and two seamen of the party were murdered at Guadalcanar Island on August 10. It is difficult to repress the inherent traditions of numberless generations. Another ocean aristocrat passed this month. The 1213-ton clipper Patrician was bound from Newcastle to Lyttelton to enter the drab service of hulkdom, but sprang a leak, and buried herself under a mile or so of blue water on the 28th. Her crew were taken off in the nick of time by the steamer Fifeshire. The 111-ton steamer Chindera was wrecked on the bar at Tweed River some time during the month of Sep- tember. TWO DAYSPRINGS. It is strange that the second and third Daysprings — Presbyterian Mis- sion vessels — should have ended up within so short a time of each other. The second vessel to bear the name was of 160 tons was sold out of the service — after 22 years of such ser- vice — in 1894, and belonged at the time of her loss (September 30) to F. J. Gibbons, of Sydney. A spirit of perversity seems to have seized her after leaving Thursday Island, and it was only with the greatest difficulty that she was restrained from throw- ing herself on Madge Reefs. She got completely out of hand when nearing North-West Reef when, in the words of her harassed master, she ''refused stays,'' and went in- stead on the reef, where she became a total wreck. Meanwhile, the third and last Dap- spring, an auxiliary 3-mast schooner, arrived at Melbourne with the bloom of the shipyards still on her in De- cember, 1895. Then while on her way from Sydney to New Hebrides she was wrecked in the Grand Pas- sage, New Caledonia, on October 16, and her crew took to the boats. They reached North Reef lighthouse, and from there Cape Capricorn, where they were picked up by the Govern- ment steamer Fitzroy. Another coal victim sailed into the unknown during September. She was the 1542-ton ship Castlebank, which left Newcastle for Tocapilla with a crew of 28, and that was the last ever heard of her. October provided no wrecks, and the only one in November was that of a 74 ton schooner on the bar at Camden Haven. The 333-ton schooner Delmira was wrecked at Cape Palliser on Decem- ber 8, and the 898-ton barque Carrick sailed from Newcastle for Valparaiso and struck some wreckage, causing serious leakage. Her crew abandoned her as she was sinking, and were all picked up. UNDATED HAPPENINGS. Undated wrecks during 1896 were the 419-ton brigantine Beatrice, in the Brisbane River ; the 186-ton barque John Williams — until 1894 in the service of the London Missionary Society — which went missing with all hands ; and the 1923-ton ship Ulrica — well-known in Australian ports — was lost on New Island, while bound from San Francisco to Dublin. A rare piece of luck disclosed the amiable intentions of the natives at Malaita, to seize the brig Para as she lay there during 1896. Nobody pre- tended that the little plan would have amused anybody but the natives. An extract from the Immigration Agent's report, to the Queensland Go- vernment for the year 1896, indicates that much of the romance and lure of the labour trade were being sapped by soulless regulations. It read: ''During the year three women were recruited without the consent of their chiefs, in contravention of the regulation which provide that a woman is not to be recruited with out the consent of the chief of the island or village, and must be ac- companied by her husband. The women were all returned to their native islands, and the Government Agent, the captain of the vessel, and the recruiter were severely cen- sured.'' At Malaita Island the recruter of the schooner Rio Loge was killed by natives in 1896, "whilst returning the fire from the natives near the village of Qui.'' It seems to have been hard to break off old habits. The Rio Loge disappeared in Cook Strait in January of 1909, taking her crew of twelve with her. CAPE BEDFORD MISSION. In 1896, the Lutheran Church open- ed a mission at Cape Bedford, north of Cooktown. Mr. Hirst was the first superintendent, and he was fol- lowed later by Mr. Schwartz, the pre- sent superintendent. (To Be Continued.) 