AUSTRALlA'S MARITIME HISTORY (Special for the "News" By "Junius.") (Copyright applied for.) THE YEAR 1907. Hebe Reef, off Port Dalrymple, Tas mania, saw the first wreck of the year in the 794-ton barque Eden Holme on January 8. She was a regular trader between Hobart and London. The 588 ton barque Waiiti stranded when leaving her wharf at Kaipara on the 23rd and became a total wreck; the 1276-ton barque Maelgwyn was-aban doned in a sinking condition off Mid dleton Reef on the 26th, while bound from a Peruvian port to Sydney, her crew getting safely to Lord Howe Is land; and the 1644-ton. ship Carnarvon Castle (ex Red Rock) was abandoned on fire about 800 miles south-east from Cape Leeuwin. Two other January wrecks were the 1436-ton barque An- nasona (ex Margaret A. B. Carswell), which piled up on Middleton. Reef while bound from a Chilean port to Newcastle, her crew reaching Lord Howe Island on the 25th; and the old French cruiser Thetis was dismantled and burnt in Middle Harbour, Port Jackson. The 938-l-on White Star ship Ascalon was wrecked at Annalong on February 7, and another ship to be lost while bound from a Chilean port to N.S.W. was the 1322-ton ship Montgomery shire, which piled up at Tonga on the 12th. The 1300-ton ship Timaru — with 15 colonising voyages to New Zealand to her credit — was wrecked, on the 22nd at Fjaltring, taking down with her the Norwegian flag she had carried for some years. The 111-ton Auxiliary schooner Papuan blew up in Cooktown on the 18th, her case be ing somewhat similar to that of the Coquette — unthinking contempt for the peevish qualities of benzine. On the night of March 6, the 2205- ton 4-mast barque Dundonald crashed on Disappointment Island, in the Auckland Group, while bound from Sydney for Falmouth with wheat. It was December 1 ere the 15 survivors from her crew landed at Wellington from the Government steamer Tute- naki, after the ship had been posted missing with all hands. There were two wrecks on the 12th — the 108-ton schooner Annandale, which foundered off Smoky Cape, and the 1394-ton steamer Mildura on North-west Cape, W.A., while bound from Cambridge Gulf to Fremantle with cattle. Then the 12,500-ton steamer Suevic was wrecked on Lizard Head on the 17th, the work of salvaging and then build ing a new bow for her being one of the outstanding feats of its kind. An other well-known colonising ship with 21 voyages to N.Z.- from London to her credit was lost in the 841-ton ship Margaret Galbraith, -her end coming on the 27th while bound from London to Buenos Ayres. She was followed by the 1074-ton clipper ship City of Agra, well-known in the Australian trade, she being wrecked on Cape Sable on the 31st. Other March oc currences were the Low Island (Q.) tragedy, when a light-keeper left with his two children in a small flatty, and were never seen alive afterwards— the flatty with the skeletons of the two children was found at Cape Bedford in 1913 — and the schooner Viking was lost among the Santa Cruz Group. The launch Alice was wrecked at, Launceston on April 2; the 969-ton steamer Easby was lost on Gabo Is land after striking Skerries Reef on the 6th; and the 2122-ton 4-mast barque Norma sank off Port Adelaide after being cut down by the ship Ar- , dencraig on the 21st, Soon after wards the steamer Jessie rammed the sunken wreck, and sank on top of it. Other April wrecks were the 60-ton schooner Edith at Condon Creek; and the 1713-ton steamer Willyama, in Marion Bay. A STRANGE ABANDONMENT. Perhaps the most peculiar circum stances under which a ship was aban doned were those which led to the Ioss of Duthie's fine old 1567-ton ship Cairnbulg, which was first sold to Russians and named Hellas, and by them to Norwegians and again re named, this time Alexandra. She sail ed from Newcastle on November 26, 1906, with coal for Panama, and in the following June one of her boats containing the mate and eight other members of the crew was picked up off the coast of South America. The following cable from London, dated November 25, 1907, which appeared in the Rockhampton "Morning Bulletin," tells much of the strange story: — "The captain and eight survivors from the steamer Alexandra, bound from Newcastle to Panama, have been landed at Guayaquil, a seaport of the Central American Republic of Ecuador. They were rescued in a pitiful plight from Indefatigable Is land, in the Galapagos Islands, to the west of Ecuador, where they had been subsisting on tortoise food for five months. The mate and nine members of the crew had been previously rescued from Abermarle, the chief island of the Galapagos Group. The Alexandra ran short of provisions on the voyage, and was abandoned on May 8th last. She was not damaged in any way." The old ship was afterwards found wrecked at Iguana Cove, Albermarle Island, Galapagos Group — the island from which the mate and nine mem bers of the crew were stated to have been rescued. May wreck was that of the 35-ton steamer Unity on Stockton Beach, Newcastle, on the 2nd. In June the 1923-ton four-mast barque Silberhorn disappeared after being "spoken" soon after leaving Newcastle on the 12th for Iquique - obviously another coal victim, one of her lifebuoys being picked up on Pitcairn Island. The other June wreck was the 330-ton steamer Ysabel, on Namu Island, in the Marshall Group. Coming from Nauru Island with phosphates for Sydney, the Norwegian steamer Fido was wrecked near Tweed Heads on July 12, and the fine old ship Parthenope (1411 tons) sailed from Newcastle on the 31st with coal for Antofagasta, and was never seen again. She was disguised under the Italian name Pellegrlna 0. Other July wrecks were the 144-ton steamer Resolute on Bellambi Reef; and the 942-ton barque Woollahra, near Cape Terawhiti, New Zealand, with a loss of two lives. On August .14 the Danish barque Ingeborg was sunk in collision with the steamer Arawatta off Sugar Loaf, with a loss of seven lives; and the 3426-ton steamer Fortunatus was abandoned on the 19th, through being on fire, while bound from Calcutta to Melbourne, Her company was land ed at Mauritius by the ship Forth. Another August wreck was that of the 322-ton steamer Kawatira, which rammed the breakwater at Strachan and did not long survive. She took six lives with her. The only two wrecks during Sep tember were the 376-ton steamer Toma ki on the 16th at Richmond River; and the 196-ton brigantine Rotuma, on the Derwent River. Another old French warship, the Meurthe, was being towed from Noumea to Sydney shipbreakers when she rebelled. She was cast adrift to follow her own devices, and finished up by becoming wrecked on Lord Howe Island on October 9. The 1824- ton French ship Biarritz left Cher bourg for Hobart on the 10th, and was never seen again; the 1155-ton Norwe gian barque, Aagot, was wrecked on Wardang Island, South Australia, on the 12th, and the 75-ton steamer Tril- by was lost at Port Macquarie on the 16th. BUMPED BY A WHALE. On December 15, Wlicn the coastal passenger steamer Peregrine was off South Solitary Island, the third g di cer, who was on the bridge, -bserved a huge whale suddenly appear along side the ship, evidently having risen from a considerable dpth, and bump ed the vessel. The Peregrine gave a perceptible list to port at the time. It was fortunate that the whale (.id not rise ' Immediately under the ' pro peller and rudder. There were 05 passengers in the saloon and 64 in the second cabin, aud the ' incident created some excitement. V/ '" ... There, were .no wrecks during . N,o-; vember, aiid the ' three December wrecks were the 1953-ton-sliip Austra lian, which was never .seen again after leaving Mazatlan, Mexico, for Sydney; the 368-ton barque Derwent Hunter, burnt at Hobart; and the 383- ton steamer . Fernmount, lost among, the Gilbert Group. NAVAL DEFENCE. Mr. Deakin submitted his second naval scheme on December 13, com- prising nine River class destroyers, nine submarines, and two depot ships, a total of 17 ships at a - cost of £1,277,509. < Undated wrecks during 1907 were the Constance Craig, which went missing with all hands In the Tasman sea; the 1770-ton ship Eaton Hall, which was badly smashed Up in a hur ricane while bound from Newcastle to Valparaiso, but managed to. crawl into Tahiti, where the French used her for a hulk; the famous 4S-ton clipper Thermopylae was sunk by Portuguese by gunfire after serving them many years as a training ship; and the well-known New Zealand im migrant ship Wairoa went missing on a voyage from Pensacola to Buenos Ayres, taking the Russian name Winnipeg with her. THE YEAR 1908. The' Norwegian steamer Thode Fagelund became stranded on Cron- ulla Reef on January 22, but was after wards salved; and the schooner Gala tea was wrecked, also on Cronulla Beach, during the month. February was only two days old when the steamer Wlnsor was wreck ed among Pelsart Group; and she was followed on the 9th by the Ameri can ship Emily Reed which was wreck ed on the coast of Oregon, while bound from Newcastle to Portland, with a loss of nine lives. The 2500- ton ship Forest ' Hall completed the February list when she became wrecked on Cape Maria Van Dieman on the 28th'. while bound from New castle to Chile. , There were only two wrecks in March; the 4500-ton German steamer Laeisz in the Red Sea, on the 20th, while bound from Sydney to Ham burg; and the 215-ton schooner Louisa J. Kennedy which, while being careened to effect hull- repairs at Tarawa in the Gilbert Group, went too far and sank. The 305-ton steamer Bega founder ed off Bermagui on April 5, with a . loss of one life; the 74-ton p.s. Rescue and the 91-ton steamer Sophia Ann both became total wrecks' on Rich mond river bar on the 9th; and the 1912-ton ship Castle Rock sailed be hind the veil when she left Sydney for Seattle on the 15th. Between the 26th and 27th a cyclone devastat ed the Westralian coast about Broome, wrecking the pearling fleet with a loss of 50 lives. The final wreck was- that of the 71-ton schooner Willinga on the 27th, off Port Stephens. MOA ISLAND MISSION. This mission is located on the south side of Moa or Banks Island, approximately 20 miles from Thurs day Island. It was established in 1908 and provided accommodation for a large number of South Sea Is landers and their families who were, until then, resident on the various islands of Torres Strait. In May, 1908, 500 acres on Moa Island was proclaimed a reserve for Pacific Is landers. There were no wrecks in June, and on July 18 the 2759-ton steamer Aeon was lost on Christmas Island with out loss of life. A "boat sailed to Fanning Island for. assistance. -The 1077-ton steamer Mareeba was wreck ed on Stockton beach on the 28th; the 05-ton schooner was lost; in Wreck Bay, N.S.W., on the 30lhf and the 3200-ton clipper ship - Loch ' Lomond sailed from Newcastle, for Lyltelton during tho- month and was never seen again. She was on her., way- to be turned into a hulk, and may have pre ferred to wind up a splendid career in a manner more appropriate for an ocean '-aristocrat of her standing., i .TJi'e. German barque Josefa was dis- 'mast8jd' off Seal Rocks on -August 5, aud was taken into- Newcastle. She served- as .'a coaL hulk in TownsviJle I for many years. Then the 1383-ton | barque- Fifeshire struck an uncharic-.- i ;rock. among the Gilbert Islands on the ;Sth, while bound from Newcastle to' Portland; and the 84-ton . steamer collided - with tlie breakwater.; . at Manning River,, and closed the -chap- ter with a loss of two lives. . The only September wreck was that of the 2112-ton ship Loch Finlas (ex Bactria).- which piled up. on the Tasmanian coast on the 5 th. During October the 1114-ton steamer Hawea was wrecked at Greymouth as she was. crossing the bar outward bound to Adelaide. The big 4-mast barque Falls of Hal- iadale was wrecked near Warrnam- bool on November 14, going up among the rocks under full sail. She had an unlucky career, and was several time's on the overdue list. Broome, W.A., was again the centre of a cyclonic disturbance from De cember 7 to the 10, when about 50 lives were lost. Then on Christmas Day the tug Advance was overturned and sunk by the ship Iverna, when about to take the latter in tow . oft Newcastle. ; Seven out of a crew of eight were drowned. Meanwhile, the 42-ton steamer Frederick Davis foun dered off Clarence River, and left her crew to spend Christmas Day get ting ashore. Other December wrecks were the steamer Charles „ Edward, and the, 196-ton schooner Ururoa, both WnriPmiiii. "M.Z. " , THE "YEAR 1909. A pinnace from H.M.S. Encounter was cut down off Lady Macquarie's Chair, Port Jackson, by the steamer Dunmore, on January 5th, anj 15 out of the 67 bluejackets who were on board were drowned. An oil ship fire was next, when the 4226-t'on steamer Netherton took fire while loading at Aroe Bay, Sumatra, on the 10th, and left little for the -ship- breakers. Following lier came tlie 241-ton brigantine Rio Loge, a reform ed labour trader, which left Kaipara for Dunedin, and beyond being seen 'on the 14th in" Cook Strait no hint ever came as to the manner of her end. Then on the 31st the 3596-ton steamer Clan Ranald capsized off Troubridge Shoal, while on her way to Great Britain with wheat from Adelaide. She took 40 lives down with her, and "the reason for her strange act has never been fully explained. I Heavy weather caused the wreck of the 56-ton steamer Narooma near Broken Bay on February 4, and the 517-ton steamer Penguin foundered with all hands (67) in Cook Strait on the night' of the 12th. It was a vile night and a bad smash. The ol(i ship Auckland, which ran continuously' in the immigrant trade -to New Zealand from; 1874 to 3900, making 25 voyages- in all, took clown a foreign flag and all her crew when she was wrecked off Possession Island, South-west Africa, on March 6\. The 246-ton: steamer Burrawong rah into the breakwater at Manning River on the 27th and became a to tal wreck. Other March wrecks were the 1382-ton steamer Lady Mildred in Bass Strait, and the schooner Roua, in Palliser Bay, New Zealand. ' NAVAL DEFENCE. . / Mr. Fisher's i Scheme for an Austral lian navy was .presented on March 30. and comprised 4 ocean destroyers, 16 improved River vclass destroyers " (in addition to three - already ordered), and one - vessel armed for police duties, a total of 24 ships at an aggre gate' cost of £2,264,000. Then, the Imperial. Defence Conference;; evolved something near to that which became ultimately, the Australian Navy. It comprised- one armoured cruiser of. the Indomitable class; three 2nd class cruisers of the Bris tol class, ; six Improved ' River class destroyers; and three C. class submarines. The number of ships was 13, and the aggregate cost £3.750,000. On April 23 tlio 39-ton . schooner Whaup was abandoned off Double Island Point, Queensland,' owing to lier wnparent determination to commit sui cide; other, wrecks being the 34-ton schooner Dawn, locality not specified; the 98-ton schooner Monarch on War- dang Island, South Australia; and the 5S9-ton German New Guinea Govern ment yaeht Seestern, which went miss ing after leaving Brisbane for Rabaul. The 48-ton steamer Narara founder- ed off Barranjuey on May 29, the other three wrecks of the month be ing- the schooner Annie. Agnes, at Cossack, West Australia; the steam er Banzai, burnt . at Ullmaroa, New South Wales; and the schooner Th». Tyne, in Torres Strait. The Norwegian barque Errol crash ed ou Middleton Reef at mid-night on June 18, and between then and July 1 12, when the steamer Tofua rescued the surviving Jive, 17 lives were lost with all the attendant agonies of thirst and . starvation. . A heavy gale was responsible for three wrecks in Adventure Bay, Tasmania, during June — the 202- ton barque Natal Queen, tlie 34-ton schooner Priscilla, and the 24-ton steamer Sea Bird. The schoon er Orine went missing during tlie same blow. . . On-July 26 the 9000-ton Steamer Waratah left Durban for Cape Town, and beyond . being spoken- by- ' the Clan Maclntyre next day, no trace of her was ever found. She took, 92 passengers and a crew of 119 behind the veil. Another vessel to bump the Man ning River breakwater was the steam er Pyrmont, which struck there on August 6 and became a totai wreck, with a loss of one life, Other wrecks were the French .barque Gael, l03t off the coast of Tasmania; the 63- ton steamer Kapanui, burnt at "Wark- worth, New Zealand; and the steamer Waipara, which struck Smith's ' Rock off Cape Moreton, but was salved later. The 3870-ton "steamer Maori- King was wrecked on Ningpo" Island, China, on September' 15; - the steamer Ocean Queen was lost on Ocean Island on the 16tli; and the American schooner Alpena was abandoned off .'Stockton Beach on the 27th. Contrary to ex pectations, she held out, an() was salved. Other September..;, wrecks were the -ISO-ton' steamer Diico, which went .missing while' bound from ; "Wel lington to Chatham' Islands; and tlie 51-ton steamer Farua, which was lost on Nasali Reef, Bound from Rio de Janeiro to Ho bart, the Swedish barque Alfhilg was wrecked on the west coast of Tas mania on October 10th, and of her crew of 18, five were drowned in the wreck, seven died on shore from, hun ger and exposure, anj six were res cued. The French .barque Armeu was wrecked 'off the coast of New Cale donia on November 9, other November wrecks being the 280-ton barque Cloud, blown up in Auckland' Harbour; the 299-ton barque Hippolas, which foundered in Cook Strait; anc) the new North Coast Co:'s steamer Ourim- bah was lost on the coast of Africa while bound out, to her sphere of operations. - The steamer Eden ; collided with Perpendicular Head while on her; way north during December, and although very badly mangled, she was got off again. Undated wrecks during 1909 ' were, the 1300-ton clipper ship. Dhaqwar, . which was broken up; the 15864on barque Clan Macpherson; which disap peared- after leaving Newcastle /for Valparaiso with coal; the steamer- En. nerdale, which struck on Beagle Rock, Bass Strait; tlie 21-ton schoonr er Francis Pritt, lost on tlie coast, of Papua; the 1034-ton clipper ship Sam Mendel; .which went to the Bhlp- breakers; and the 1047-ton, clipper ship Weathersfteid, which was taken to Suva and turned into a hulk. A cable connecting Java and Cocos, Island was opened in 1909, 