AUSTRALIA'S MARITIME HISTORYr (Special for the "News" By "Junius.") (Copyright applied for.)/ THE YEAR 1893.— Continued. June wrecks were the 166-ton brigan- tine Saucy Jack, at Coff's Harbour; and the 68-ton schooner Mary Ogilvie, at Norfolk Island. It was during June that the 1250-ton wool and immigrant I clipper Bhip Wellington crashed into, an iceberg in the small houre of the morning down off Cape Horn, and got, clear only, by a miracle. ' "Now we | know what happened to the Dunedin," said Captain Cowan when they put the crippled ship on her course tor Kio ue Janeiro. The 163-ton schooner. Samoa opened the hall in July by becoming wrecked near Ulladulla on the 12th. . /WILLIAM LANE'S DREAM. It is strange that Australia, so closely associated with' what , really amounted to. a thinly disguised form of kanaka slavery, should at this stage have been the scene of a. social ex periment for elevating the plane of the white, worker. The year 1893 saw the culmination of William Lane's desire to "... idealise labour, to conquer want, and hate, and greed, and. vice; and establish peace on earth and goodwill among men.'.' For years Lane 's burning phrases 'and propaganda denouncing capitalism 'had flooded Australia, and were no doubt powerful factors in leading up to 'the industrial turmoil that began witb' 'the general strike in 1890, flared up again in 1891 and 1892, and, culminated in the shearing strike in 1894. But before then Lane had organised his New Australia, had chartered the Royal Tar— unhappy omen — and set sail for Paraguay with his first con tingent on. 16th July, 1893. ' The story of their adventures has been oft-told, and mention of it is made here to place correctly with South Sea history a scheme of colonisation, launched, from an infant colony/ that at the " time created a profound sensation through out the English-speaking world. A collision with the steamer Blinga- mlte near Newcastle caused the. wreck of the 37-ton schooner Guiding Star; and the barque Argo created a sens& tion by blowing ui) in Neutral Bay, Sydney, on tbe 24tli, the agent being, coal gas. " Other July wrecks were the, 32-ton schoner Dream, at Tauranga Heads', N.Z.; the 30-ton schooner Har old; -iri' the -New- Hebrides; and the' 135- tori-steamer Hilda off Port Hacking. Eel Reef, off Cape Weymouth, was the scene of the wreck of the 382-to,n steamer Corea on August 15. She was bound to Cooktown from Normariton, a strong tide arid feeble engines being blamed. On the same day the barque .Girvan foundered- off Auckland, her crew of 20 being rescued through some fine work on the part of the White Staxv clipper ship George Thompson. The other August wreck wasi that of the 57-ton steamer Cairo, on the Brunswick River. Taking down with her the Nor wegian flag and the name Magnolia; the 964-ton ' White Star clipper ' ship DamaBous was lost at Berslmls on Sep- tember lst. Then on the 4th the 692- ton' barque Spirit of the Dawn was wrecked on Auckland Islands, four men being drowned. Her survivors lived for 87 days on raw penguin and mutton birds/ while a well- stocked depot remained undiscovered. The 724- ton barque Florence Treat was lost on the 8th, while an a. voyage to China; the 29-ton schooner' Comet was wreck ed on the Barrier Reef to' the east of Cape Upstart, on the 15th; and the 56- ton schooner Result was wrecked near' Jervis Bay on the SOthi One othei September wreck was the , 48-ton p.s. Gneering, at Maroochle River, The 404-ton steamer. Woonona was lost in the Fitzroy River of October 13th; and the schooner Philip Palfrey sank in the Pioneer River, Mackay, on the 16th. Other October wrecks were the 32-ton schooner Bound to- Win,, at Port -Stephens; the '41-ton - schooner Janet Ramsey at Waikoro River, N.Z.; and- the 188-ton Adelaide brigantine Sedwell Jane at; Algoa Bay. ' ANOTHER SUBMARINE CABLE. Bundaberg (Q.) and New Caledonia were linked by cable, which was opened to traffic In October. The only two wrecks during Novem ber were- the 294-ton Sydney barque Brazileira on the coast of China, and the 142-ton brigantine Victory at Cape Howe. The 516-ton steamer Titus struck on Sandy Cape Shoal, Q., on December 1; and only -first-class seamanship and fine weather enabled her to reach Moreton Bay , just as she was on the point of sinking. ' Following her came ! the 867-ton steamer Tenterden, which , was lost near Cape . Northumberland . on the 19th.' Then on the. 28th the .iron screw steamer Alert foundered outside Port Phillip Heads, and only one of her company survived. He was the cook, and was carried by the tide on to the beach at Sorrento, where some holiday makers fourid him while -searching for "finds" driven up by, the i subsiding gale.' ...Between the 24th arid 27th a hurricane' held sway to", the south of Roebourne/ W.A., wreck ing 15 pearling, luggers and drown ing- 20 men, The toll was. always heavy during these visitants. The well- known 1512-ton wool clipper Jason was lost on Cape Cod on the 15th, only one apprentice getting ashore; and the 261-ton brigantine Eillan Donan was lost on Chesterfield Reefs. Undated 1893 wrecks were, the 305- ton brigantine Buster at Woolooga; the 901-ton White Star clipper ship Jerusalem foundered' with all hands in the North. Atlantic'; the 62-ton' ves sel Pioneer was lost on the Tasmanian coast; and -the 2101-ton -ship Woolton joined the great fleet of miss ing ships on the Newcastle-Peru- Chile- Callfornian route. THE YEAR 1894. The storm gods held, insolent sway over northern Australia during a con siderable portion of January, leaving the land drenched and chastened, and a trail of wreckage an mourning in their wake. The first visitant was from the 3rd to the 4th at Cossack and Roebourne, and five days later (9th) they were back again, wreaking fearful havoc. Many luggers were washed up at Cossack, among them being the 102-ton schooner Anne, the 25-ton schooner Maud, and the lugger Iolanthe. The death roll was esti mated at over 40. Taking a short breathing spell, the riot broke out again, this time over the Gulf of Carpentaria, where it en countered the 396-ton steamer Kana- hooka, which - was bound from Rocky Islet, Wellesley Group, to Tasmania, with a cargo of guano. She was really overladen and proved an easy victim to the raging storm, foundering on the 19th, and taking two lives with her. Two others perished after reaching shore, near where the Duyf- ken men landed 289 years before. The newly established mission station at Mapoon rendered yoeman service. Meanwhile, at Rocky Islet, where the guano, was being won, the 203-ton . barque Waratah, the schooner May, and the steam launch Athol were all driven ashore and wrecked, with a loss of one life. The 81-ton schooner Renard— ex-H.M.S. — was never, seen again after she left Rubiana in the Solomon Group, for Brisbane on the 20th; the 594-ton barque Nicoya— " formerly a clipper ship— was wrecked about four miles south of the light house at Noumea on the 24th, while bound from Saigon to Noumea; with rice and tea; and the 210-ton. brigan tine Borough Belle was lost on Bel- lona Reef, her crew making the coast of Queensland in the boats. Other January wrecks were the 644-ton American ship Hilo, while bound from Newcastle for- Honolulu; and the 45- ton schooner- Owake Bell on the coast of New Zealand; The 66-ton. schooner Sea Foam was. lost at. Nelson's Bay on February 1; the 336-ton barque Gazelle was wreck ed at Nelson, New Zealand, on the 3rd; the 998-ton barque Jennie Parker . struck on Bellona Shoal on the 16th, while hound to the Philippines with coal from Newcastle, but got off again and made Brisbane; and the 640-ton Danish barque Aarhus was lost on Smith's Rock, Cape Moreton; on the 24th; Other February wrecks were the 55-ton schooner Empire at Port Phillip; the schooner Governor Weld on Casuarina Reef, West Australia; the 34-tni steamer Minx off the coast of Tasmania and the -schooner Phan tom, on Stonehouse Island. 