Country Gossip. (By 'BULLSWOOL'). . It was a jolly dreary old winter we had this year. The chances arc the sun shone warm in other places, but around Koumala, where . a lot of or us are living, it was rarely .seen. Grey skies, day in and day out, were the order of the day. Yet, after many dreary weeks, our turn cntne, last week, when the elbuds dispersed and the sun shone warm and bright' in the sky and detracted from the sadness that is usually associated with senile, decay. A lazy rascal in the Koumaln area slept for two days and two lights, after a nlght-out in Mackay re J cently. A prepossessing Koumala flapper hap pens to be the proud owner of a cute little gingertcomplexioned dog that teaches all the stray bachelor' parsons that happen to come about the place. I would like to own a dog llge that, would you, Mr. Editor ? Of course you wouldn't. As tennis has become nn integral part of bush life, I think most players would like to hear occasionally how that evergreen pastime is progresisng in Koumala and the surrounding centres, at any rate. I will have quite n lot to say about tennis in my next, which. I feel sure will interest readers of these notes. A Tumor's Paddock cane farmer is very dissatisfied with his form against u bagman in a grass fight lately. I cannot enjoin too strongly upon readers of these notes with money to burn, who haven't already taken my advice and acquired their Golden Casket requirements, the desirable ness of remedying the defect whilst the going is good. The cattle market has gradualy de veloped a firmer tendency with an in clnation to improve in most directions lately. Owing to a distinct. rise in tempera ture, three kerosene tins full of new mlk turned sour in a Koumala farm house last Sautrday. That exhilarating pastime, horse racing, is at a discount in many coun try centres at present. Comparatively few people can afford to keep a race horse, which is a luxury for the wealthy, of whom there are not ; too many about, Owing to its corrugated condition the road that runs via Palm Court to Percy Hatfield's 'dugout,' at the foot of tlie Ranee has been unsuitable for modern motor traffic for some con siderable time. This at least, is the view expressed by some of those wno use it. Saturday's heat wave was greeted with trousers and singlets; pull overs and oilskins were discarded, whilst the fair sex, for the most part, wore light frocks with short sleeves. The late Jack Canning, who died recently in Mackay, was one of the oldest foundation members of the sugar-growing fraternity in the Kou mala neighborhood, and a former well known resident of Grasstree, Clifton ville. and Sarina. He was born in Eng land and came to Queensland, when a lad in the early days. After a mining career on the Palmer and Abergoola goldflelds he arrived many years ago at Sarina, where he launched out as a sugar-grower, and later procured the Koumala properties which were his business quarters up till the time ot his death. Meanwhile his son, who is the only surviving member .of- the family circle, had taken over his late father's well-conducted sugar planta tion in the Koumala neighborhood. The late John Canning was a man' of iarc Individualism, of retiring and honorable disposition, and a stanch friend of the Plane Creek mill. . Rumor hath it that a well-known Koumalaite who attended the Bris bane Show is bringing back forty quids' worth of pedigreed roosters from the metropolitan area. I A truck (railway) load of bulls from I the South, on account of a Koumaln I cattle-owner, is due locally any old time. It's nice to know that Mr. J. R. Lilliendal, a genial Koumala agricul turist, who nearly 'kicked the bucket' as tho result of a devastating attack of 'flu recently, has returned to health and is his old self again. I am pleased to say. It is to be hoped that our Premier, who to-day stands face to face with pulsating life, will seize the golden op portunities as they arrive and enjoy life's luxuries to the full. Take it from me, as sure as the sun rises in the east and sets in the west, there will be a different talc to tell when the numbers go up at the next State elec tion. Two grey-whiskered brothers who had lost the run of each other for donkey's years, ran into each other in front of Mr. Dwyer's Koumala store, for the first time in 38 years, on Sat urday last. The emigration from Koumala; ac cording to certain statistics that are before me, were exceedingly small last year, while the immigrants to Koumala produced an immigration surplus of one person. It is signifi cant that emigration and immigration i.early always ran a dead heat, as far as Koumala is concerned in previous years. Only yesterday I was shown an old lashloned primus stove of Swedish construction, said to be 374 years of age. It is a thousand pities they don't make things that last like that in highly favored Australia. , Interest is gradually increasing in this ' year's annual Koumala Presby terian Church fete and concert, which will be held under the auspices of the committee, of management In October; This function will mark the third ,. of the kind— each of which has:.been an unqualified success— held in Koumala: The hot weather will soon be upon us, and the chances .are the, only place to keep cool will be in a refriger ator. A Koumala resident who went on a 'bender' at your end ' recently, has been on a brandy and egg diet' during the past fortnight. It is gratifying to know that a Koumala farmer dodged, getting bitten whilst inspecting a box-full' of death odders, one of which made a vicious dive at his nose last week-end. Despite to-day's great battle, against disease in every shape and form it is a deuce of a job to keep -well with so much 'flu about. The ideas at the back of the great hospitals throughout the Commonwealth are simply amazing if they could only be achieved. I think' it is our bounden duty to do all in our power to further that achievement. If I were on the sick list I should like to go to a hospital and enjoy the sen sation of getting well amongst all the nice nurses. Who wouldn't? A doctor friend of mine told me the other day that approximately 60,000 people died in Australia last year, many of them in apparently capital health. Everything had been going well, they had' felt wonderfully fit, no. thought of- worry or illness; then sud aenly, without warning they dropped stone dead. ,Of the 60,000 who died last year, 10,382 died from heart dis ease, whilst cancer accounted for 6589 deaths durng the same period. In deed, it is not to be wondered tit that so few people live to be. 100. How the financial crisis has curtail ed, the spending power of the world at large is best1 known to business, people, on whom the existing hard times are pressing heavily'. The insidious thing about the exist ing depression is 'that, like old age, it creeps on unnoticed till such time ns you find yourself in n cruel corner, from' which there is precious little chance of escape. Mr. Willy von Borstal, whose home Is at Piper Holei ' in the Mount Chris-' Man area, lost a valuable Alsatian dog as the result of : tick- bite lately. There is some, talk of a fat Bris bane Chinamnn ihauguratng a market garden in the vicinity of Koumala. A Koumnla' youth and a Sarina youth: had a bit 'of a scrap recently, out. of which the latter 'didn't, emerge covered with glory. Recently two young pineapple ban dits got something from an infuriated Tumor's Paddock property owner, in the shape of a good chasing of 20 minutes' duration: Statistics .covering the first seven months of the year indicate a distinct revival ' in the building trade, -which has advanced by leaps and bounds in the Koumala locality. An interesting building development is seen in the number of particularly fine structures that have been ~ erected in various parts of the neighborhood by Mr. Arthur 'LiUiendal. Increased build ing activity Is, a good sign, for the reason that money is plentiful when up-to-date buddings spring up like mushrooms all round. Another indica tion of improved economic conditions is noticed ; in an increase of motor vehicles that -'-are. running over the various country ; roads. Sugar- iriill amalgamation, :as but lined in your columns recenlty, was the basis of a good 'deal of talk through cut, the various producing centres.' As far as I pan learn, there seems to be a strong feeling that the time, :ls not ripe for the introduction of a reform on the lines . suggested by Mr. David son in this connection. I think our Iriend would1 find that oldSarlua' landmark, the P.C. mill, a pretty hard nut to crack; in other words, it would prove a ^difficult matter, to draft a con crete proposal likely to meet with the approval.-of the, majority of the grow ers. It. 'would be very sad, if -we lost the old' mill, particularly if we lost 'her by starvation/, -I hope that readers of these notes will not fall into, the error of supposing . that I hold a brief for or against mill .amalgamation. A bushwhacker: artist , who only thought he .could warble narrowly escaped getting, lynched by a rustic audience in the neighborhood of Kou mala recently; ' A Tumor's* Paddock grower is credited ? with -harvesting a patch of Clarke's Seedling this season that pro duced the abnormal return of 70 tons per acre. That's the way' to 'do' it! I notice that ?Koumala's uncrowned king of canecutters, who is about to terminate the .^blessedness of single life, has taken on* light work at the re quest of his intended, at a local; cane lift. -' 5'-. '- ' ' ! ? A big-gun Carmila cane-slogger is credited with cutting and loading seven tons per day. in a 45-ton to the acre crop of- Badila.'. , ' 'A three-quart ' billyfull of Bulimba Gold Top, belonging'; to a Koumala canecutter, was absorbed by a flock of cheeky crows last week-end.' A plot . of- sweetpea; blooms growing in 'The Grange'.'. flower garden naar Kcumala, constitutes , a picture , no artist can paint., , . Useful rain was; recorded last week: All the agricultural- areas benefited to a certain extent.1 Farmers can now go ahead with their planting under fav orable conditions. ,, The. big precipita tions some time-back; started all ? the rubbish', .under the sun, -but air of the growing cane crops ought to be as clean as a new1 pin by the end of November. The . young ;.feed has had a bonsor start, and if .seasonal condi tions obtain for another few weeks there should be plenty of fat bullocks about. . Advice from a cattle station over the Range indicates ? that the life of a valuable young cattle' dog was saved through the instrumentality of a young lady visitor from Koumala, who happened to be : on a visit at the time. .,- r It the writing , on the wall is any criterion to go by, we. shall be facing a General Federal election before long. The fantastic Mr.;. Scullin and. his extravagant promises (for .the , restora tion of prosperity, are the all absorb ing , topic of conversation in many quarters at present. ? ? . It is understod' that /-a number - of secondary industries are ; likely to be fostered in the Koumala area in the near future. ' ?'? An animal, believed 'to; have been; a fox, was seen in the 'vicinity of Mount Garficld last Sunday. .The news failed to receive a cordial- reception in Kou mala. . . While operating' a'.disc plough on his farm last week, a Koumala farmer' was pelted kite-high when the plough col lided with a hidden stump. a lew inches below the surface'. ' * .While' a Koumala motorist -was driving his car backwards ;. out of the garage 'in the early * part, of Sunday morning, he ran. over a poor old favor ite, 20-year-old Tom:cat that sustained fatal injuries. --?' ? ? -, ' ? A blind person couldn't. help notic ing a renowned'Kourhala cane (motor) hauler plunged t ..recently into some fi ightful ? bogholes, in which, despite frantic efforts to the contrary, he was obliged to remain till such time as his release could be effected with the aid of a Danfield 'forest devil.' Owing to the boggy nature of the soil, cane- planting has been tried and found wanting on certain country farms since the recent rains. It is confirmed in Koumala that Rev, Ligaard, the accredited representative oi' the Danish Church in Queensland, and whose name is a household word among his own kith and kin through out the State, will visit . Koumala, Sarina, and Mackay, in conjunction with other parts of the North during the course of his annual Northern tour in about a month or so. It is to be hoped that good results will follow the rev. gentleman's visit. Although a good many people have taken the situation in both hands and made the best of it, the wet weather, low ccs., and poor price of cane are exercising a profound effect on the economic position of many of the farming community, some of whom are driven Into a corner through no fault of their own. Ther workers arc on a better, wicket, their needs arc much fewer, and, as far as the writer can gather, there has not as yet been much distress amongst them. A dingo, grey with age, was driven from its last hiding place in a Mount Garfleld gorge, and after a brief chase was done to death by Mr. Fred Saun dcrs's well-known . greyhound slut, Fleabag, only a few days. ago. .Certain Koumala canecutters were unconditionally released for the time being as the result of a 31n, precipita tion on Monday night, which made it a difficult matter to get about, and carry on carting and ? cutting opera tions successfully . That' mechanically inclined young man, Frank LiUiendal,' of Koumala, has just ? manufactured a good little single-disc garden' plough for' his own private use. A heavily clouded sky obscured every trace of Monday evening's eclipse of the sun in the Koumala' area. A , very . enjoyable birthday party was held at Danflcld on Monday night, so. that friends could say .'many happy icttirns to the 'bossV' Lovely flowers, (he gift of Mrs. Pcdersen, were ar ranged on the - luncheon table. A. sign of progress is noted at Sal ter Estate, where a brand-new, house is at present going up under; the cap able .supervision .of '.Mr.- Arthur LI1 llc-ndai: As the result of a manurlnl trial, comprising - a mixture of two parts sulphate of ammonia and blood and bone, amounting in the aggregate to Bjcwt., an acre, a country potato grower obtained in the vicinity of 4i tons of saleable tubers per acre re cently. A:, five-foot tiger snake that' rushed across the Broadsound-ioad, in the vicinity of Bob Cardan's country resi dence,' near Karremal, was run over and killed stone dead by a passing motor-cyclist on Friday morning. It is impossible at this particular time of the year not to write of the lovely sweetpeas which, in their cus tomary, rich .profusion, present a charming- spectacle that need not be absent from any well-kept flower garden. A well-known country sport tried out a betting system with - which he claims' to have won £130, spread over three meetings in the South recently. The sombre greys and browns of winter are gradnually making way for the blues and 'greens of spring. I regret exceedingly that owing to a clericcl error a discrepancy crept into my last notes, when I credited Mr. S. A. LiUiendal,. in place of Mr. S. Pedersen, with an excellent plot of P.O.J.2873 Wonder cane. Mr. S. A. LiUiendal. has an abnormally heavy patch of P.O.J.2714, in which a-Sugar Bureau manure experiment, plot is in cluded. A gentleman who has been cutting cane for. 12 years ' told : me this particular patch of canewas absolu tely the best he- ever came across in the whole, of his extensive experience. Walter Wright, of - Karremal, is cred ited with an. instalment of P.O.J. that will take a lot of beating. That merry youth,- Mr.- Hughic Smith, the respected head-teacher of Flaggy Rock, State school together with his good lady'- ''and. eldest '.son, spent a portion of the recent school holidays with Mr; and Mrs. Sam Mat-: thews, in the Tumor's Paddock area. Four Inches of, rain fell in1 the vici nity of Koumala , on Monday night last. Koumala, -August 21. 