AUSTRALIA'S MARITIME HISTORY (By ''Junius.'') (Copyright applied for.) THE YEAR, 1897. . A cyclone swept over Port Darwin on January 6 which, for 100 miles north-east and 50 miles south of Dar- win, either stripped trees bare of limbs or else levelled them. It is still known as "the great hurricane'' which caused the loss of many luggers and a number of lives. Coal added another to its growing list of victims when the 1197-ton ship John O'Gaunt was burnt at Toeapilla on the 23rd. A REVOLT Natives of Raiatea, Society Group rose in revolt against the French in January, but years of peace had sapped their strength and cooled the battle ardour that, before days of traders, drink, and disease gave zest to fighting that none but warriors feel. The insurrection thereafter was short- lived, a mere flicker as of a dying flame before it sinks into the depths whence flames and savages come. The tw0 February wrecks were the 82-ton schooner Alpha, on the bar at Nambucca River; and the 54-ton schooner Novelty, which foundered off Barranjuey after springing a leak. In March there was only one wreck, that being the 80-ton steamer Burde- kin on a reef near Woodlark Island, on the 24th, the verdict being ''care- less navigation.'' The 167-ton schooner Myrtle went up on the outer edge of the Barrier Reef near Cook's Opening on April 3, her company getting clear after some burning speculation on whether she would anticipate them by slipping off the reef into deep water. The large ship Zulieka was wrecked near Cape Palliser, N.Z., on the 15th, with a loss of nine lives; the steamer Taldora ''sat'' on a pile end at low water at St. Lawrence, Queensland, and filled as the tide rose — much to the aston- ishment of her mariners; and the barque Adderley was wrecked on Morna Point, Newcastle, on fae 23rd, but was refloated the following year. The 190-ton schooner Pirate was lost near Portland, New Zealand, while bound from Newcastle to Gisborne some time in April. Another coal victim was the 1897- ton ship Buckhurst, burnt at sea on May 9, while bound from Newcastle to Panama. Other May wrecks were the 57-ton schooner Bell Bird, and the 50-ton schooner Favourite, both at Cape Hawke. The only June wreck was that of the 124-ton schooner Meda, owned and in the service of the Wesleyan Missionary Society, while bound from Dubo Island for Samarai on the 14th. There seemed little difference be- tween a missionary and any other ship when it came to keeping them clear of reefs and other insidious dangers. They all required the same amount of watering. On Juiy 1 the 52-ton steamer Dove ran ashore near Cape Tribulation while bound from Cairns to the Bloom field River. A compass, the error of whose ways had not been examined within known memory, was the cause of the stranding. Then came the loss of the steamer Wainui, which struck on Beer Barrel Bocks, French Pass, on fae 12th, and on being in duced to this salubrious locality she Btruck again on rooks in Waikawa Bay. Following her came the 179-ton brigantine Marshall S., whic foundered off High Peak Island, Queensland, on the 22nd dur ing fine weather, and none of the usual circumstances which attend a death scene in evidence. The Marine Board, after listening in stony disapproval at the recital, an- nounced that the circumstances un- der which "the vessel was lost were not only unaccountable, but very sus picious." Then came the wreck, near Napier, of tbe 1265-ton intercolonial steamer Tasmania on the 29th, with a loss of 11 lives. The other July wreck was that of the 122-ton schoon er Heroine, which was beached in Danger Bay, New South Wales, during a heavy south-east gale. In July a resident commissioner was appointed to the southern Solo- mon Islands, and the report of the Immigration Agent for the year fol lowing states: ''The Solomons are much quieter and quite as safe, if not safer, for recruiting purposes than the New Hebrides, now that the resident commissioner has made his pres ence felt, all vessels having, to re port at the Government residency at Tulagi, Florida, and any com plaints bv fae Islanders are speed ily Investigated on the spot.'' While bound from Newcastle to Panama, the 1066-ton ship Seladon was wrecked on Starbuck Island on August 7, with a loss of one life. An- other August wreck was that of the 1500-ton ship Oakburn on Bianca Equador Reef, while bound from New castle to Antofogasta. All hands were saved. The two September wrecks were the new 111-ton steamer Ghinders, which struck on the bar at Tweed River on the 9th, and broke her back; and the 395-ton brigantine Yolande, at Wesport, New Zealand. October also saw two wrecks — the steamer Kameruka near Moruya on the 16th, without loss of life; and the 214S-ton ship Glenfinlas, which left Newcastle with coal for Manila and was never seen again. She took 30 lives with her. November presenter a clean sheet, and the three December wrecks were the barque Blair Logie, on one of the Paumotu Group, on the 3rd; the barque Socotra, which was badly dam aged by fire at a Miller's Point wharf, Sydney, on the 10th; and the 504-ton steamer Fitzroy, lost near Morna Point, Newcastle, on the 11th. Undated wrecks during 1897 were the schooner Garfield, on King Island; the 1331-ton wool clipper La Hogue, which, since 1887, had been drowsing away the twilight of her life as a hulk at Madeira, went to the ship breakers; the 887-ton White Star clip per Wave of Life was broken up; and the 600-ton ship Xylon was converted into a hulk. THE YEAR 1898. Opening the account for the year, the 249-ton brig Minora foundered off Broken Bay on January 3, with a loss of six lives, and then came the loss in Sea Reach, Burnett River, of the 533-ton coastal passenger steamer Renelagh on the 11th. Other Janu ary wrecks were the 49-ton schooner Active, off the entrance to Newcastle; the 663-ton steamer Koonya. off Sandy Cape, Tasmania; and the 279-ton steamer Lubra in Jurten Bay, New Zealand. The 1147-ton ship Atacama founder- 1 ed in the Tasman Sea on February 9| after leaving Newcastle for San Francisco, and only five out of her crew of 18 were saved. The 66-ton steamer Marian Fenwick was wrecked at Port Hacking on the 11th, through heavy weather, the same cause attri buting to the loss, with all hands, of the 220-ton brig Amy on Thirroul Beach, Bulli. on the 13th. The 182 ton schooner Malcolm also foundered off Bulli during the heavy weather, taking seven of her crew down with: her. The 7912-ton P. and O. mail steamer China went ashore at Perim, in the Gulf of Aden, during March, and was refloated some months later. On April 2 a hurricane broke over Cossack, W.A., having come down from Port Darwin, which it visited on March 28. All the boats in the creek at Cossack were wrecked, but there does not appear to have been any loss of life. THE TURBULENT TASMAN. Heavy weather prevailed In the Tasman Sea during the early part of May, and no doubt accounted for the two vessels which disappeared after leaving Newcastle for New Zealand. They were the 307-ton schooner Adelaide, which took down seven lives, and the 484-ton barque Fido which took 12 soula with her to her unknown destination. Meanwhile, along the coast of N.S.W., the gale roared and exacted heavy toll. The 1513-ton chip Hereward was wrecked in Maroubra Bay on the 6th, after once being refloated; the 555-ton steamer Maitland was wrecked near Cape Three Points the same day, with a loss of 26 lives; and the steamer Merksworth foundered in Newcastle Bight on the 7th, and took nine of her crew with her. Other victims were the 69-ton schooner Isabel, wrecked at Crowdy Bay, the 92-ton schooner J. G. Kondio, which foundered off the coast of N.S.W., the 96-ton schooner Philip Palfrey, wrecked at Trial Bay; and the 243-ton steamer Saxonia, lost on Bellambi Reef. The 150-ton steamer Vlissingen was sunk in collision with the steamer Leichhardt in the Fitzroy River on June 13; and the 322-ton steamer Grafton was lost at Strahan, Tas mania. Then during June the whole of the crew of the schooner Ysabel was murdered and eaten by New Guinea natives. The savages then plundered the vessel, and finished the business by burning her. There were only two wrecks dur ing July:— The 102-ton brigantine Lif fey. at Richmond River; and the steamer Macleay, stranded in Port Macquarie during heavy weather. The schooner C. Funk was lost off the coast of Tasmania on August 1, together with 11 lives; and the schooner Spitfire was lost on L. Reef, Torres Strait, on the 24th. The schooner Jessie Sinclair was stranded in Port Macquarie, and the schooner Secret foundered off the entrance to Gippsland Lakes, both during August. The only September wreck was that of the 107-ton schooner Mana at Fre mantle. The steamer Buteshire was badly damaged by fire at Smith's wharf, Sydney, on October 19; and the 106-ton Norwegian barque Aleida was lost at Surprise Island, near New Caledonia, on the 28th, while loading guano. The 1644-ton ship Red Rock was damaged by fire at Townsville on the 29th— she was one of Corn foot's notorious slow coaches, her trip that year from San Francisco to Queenstown taking 193 days. There were no wrecks in November and only two in December: — The barque Sepia, bound from London to Fremantle, struck the reef off Carnac Island, about 12 miles from Fremantle on the 30th, giving her crew barely time to get clear; and the 20-ton steamer Centennial, lost on Long Is land, Brougnton Group. Undated wrecks during 1898 were the 94-ton schooner Amelia White, at Camden Haven; the 221-ton brig Der went, in Lyttleton harbour; and the steamer Nelson, stranded near Cape Otway, but refloaated later. Some time near the end of 1898 the natives rose and massacred the Span ish garrison at Ponape, Caroline Is lends. By this time Spain was tired of her unruly adopted children in the Pacific, and when Germany offered £837,500 for the Carolines, Pelew, and Ladrone groups, Spain seems to have thought that she would rather have the money than the natives. With that decision began the educa tion of the natives of those groups in the difference between Latin and Teutonic rule. WEIPA MISSION. In 1898 the aboriginal reserve was extended for approximately 90 miles south of Mapoon and in that year the Weipa Mission station was established by the Rev. E. Brown and Mrs. Brown. The first mission was es tablished on the Embley River and was called Wiepa, meaning a hunting ground. THE YEAR 1899. As though to make up for there be ing no wrecks in either January- or February, the storm gods reserved their strength for a mighty blow which struck the coast of Queensland at Bathurst Bay on March 5. The pearling fleet— about 40— had as sembled there, and when the blow had passed over very few indeed re mained, and the Channel Rock light ship had disappeared. The loss of life was about 350, but nobody was ever sure. The 143-ton brigantine Meg Merrilies and the 33-ton schooner Sagita were among the wrecked ves- sels. A white pillar on Bathurst Head commemorates the tragedy. The 93-ton schooner Moonta was lost on Gatcombe Head on March 7; the barque Catbona was 1st on Kai- para Bar on the 18th, her crew escap ing. Another March wreck was that of the labour schooner Northern Belle on Mota Lava, Banks Group, during a hurricane, The 849-ton barque Regent Murray made another in the ship's graveyard at Oyster Bank, Newcastle, when his was wrecked there on April 4. In the small, dark hours of the 14th, the 1400-ton clipper ship Loch Sloy drove on the Brothers Rocks, off Kangaroo Island, and only four of her company reached the hore. One of these, unable to stand the enforced diet of grass, raw penguin flesh, shell-fish, and whisky— from the wreck — died before assistance arrived. Another April wreck was that of the 283-tOD schooner Australia off the coast of Tasmania. The 73-ton Bchooner Pallford was wrecked on North Head, Sydney, on May 29; and the 1544-ton steamer Tekapo went ashore in Maroubra Bay without loss of life- Thick weather was the cause. TWO TAIL SHAFTS. Considering how rarely— compara- tively—it was that ships broke their propeller shafts, it is peculiar that two large ships should be adrift simul- taneously, the sport of wind and sea on this account. The well-known 5550 ton 6teamer Perthshire left Sydney on April 26 for New Zealand, and on May her tail shaft broke. While her crew was engaged trying to effect re pairs the well-known New Zealand trader Waikato was on her outward run, and had rounded the Cape of Good Hope some days when her tail shaft parted on June 3. The Perth shire was picked up by the steamer Talune on June 13, and reached Syd ney in tow of that vessel on the 19th. The Waikato wallowed and drifted for 104 days before she was picked up by the steamer Asloun, and towed to Fremantle, which post was reached on October 8. The only June wreck was that of the 1080-ton steamer Lindus, which was lost on the Oyster Bank, New castle, on the 3rd, making the third wreck there for the year. During a heavy gale and thick weather on the coast of Western Australia, the 1458-ton clipper shfp Carlisle Castle— a famous passenger ship of her day — was wrecked near Rockingham on July 12 with a loss of 11 out of a crew of 26. In the same gale the 1218-ton ship City of York was wrecked on Rottnest Island, with a loss also of 11 lives. The Nor wegian barque Everland struck tbe reefs off Three Sisters Island, near Thursday Island, on tbe 24th, and was beached at Vivian Point, and on the same day the schooner Excelsior was wrecked near Cape Bedford, after having previously stranded on Low Isles. The final wreck of the month was that of the brigantine Helena, which went to pieces after striking Hook. Point Spit, Wide Bay, on the Slst. The only August wreck was the schooner Isabel, which foundered off Hook Island, Whitsunday Passage., Then on September 13 the 3711-ton passenger steamer Thermopylae was wrecked on Green Point, near Cape Town, while bound from London to Australia. October was a busier month, the first wreck being the old White Star clipper ship Christiana Thompson, which took down the Norwegian flag when she was lost at Umra, Norway, on the 7th. Another old White Star clipper followed eight days later, when tbe Transatlantic foundered in the North Atlantic on the 15th. She also took the Norwegian flag down with her. The well-known 1488-ton immigrant ship Duntrune went miss- ing after leaving port on the 17th, and the German ship Drehna was wrecked on the Great Barrier Reef to the east of Cape Upstart on the 30th. Then came the loss of the fine ship Plei- ades, which was then making her 23rd voyage to New Zealand. She found herself on a lee shore, and had to be beached near Cape Turnagain to save life. Other October wrecks were the steamer Gulf of Siam, which stranded in Sturt Bay; the 37-ton steamer Mermaid on Seaif Rocks, without loss of life; and the brig Stanley on Red Mercury Island, N.Z. There were no wrecks during No vember, but a cyclone which raged along the coast of Queensland ac counted for the 49-ton schooner Lai lah Rookh, which was last seen on the 22nd off Mackay, while making for Maryborough. The vessel which saw her— the 96-ton schooner Eclipse— was herself lost on Salmon Rock, off Pine Islands, on the 26th, and three days before this the 2291-ton steamer Queen Crietina was thrown bodily on LJhoj Reef, a simple fact which proved tbe salvation of her crew. The next occurrence was at sea, and indicates the frame of mind in which the returning kanaka some times found himself. The labour schooner Hector, bound from Queens land with a number of returning kanakas on board, had her Yuletide quiet disturbed on Christmas Day by one of the kanakas running amok with a tomahawk. He butchered two fel- low passengers before he was re- strained, and he then complained that his countrymen on board were plot- ting against his life. The fact that none of the casualties were among men of his tribe rather discounted his tale. Undated wrecks during 1899 were the 341-ton brig Bells, locality not mentioned; the ship Caswell, which left Newcastle tor Guayaquil, Ecua dor, and was never seen again; the 511-ton barque Fray Bentos, broken up at Adelaide; the 1835-ton ship Jane Burril, wrecked while bound !from Newcastle to Manila, her crew landing on Cebu Island; tbe 1192-ton White Star ship Kosciusco was broken up at Canton; the 1521-ton ship Parramatta — a famous wool clip per— was broken up by Norwegians; and the 1123-ton Russian ship Val kyrian (ex Waimate) left Newcastle with coal for Iquique and was never seen again. NAVAL DEFENCE. Moving slowly toward a federation of naval defence, the naval command- ants of New South Wales, Queens land, South Australia, and Tasmania met during 1899 and carried Tryon's recommendation for ''personal ser vice'' a step further. They decided that ''the present policy, namely, that of payment in specie in return for naval defence furnished in toto by the Mother Country, makes for no advance whatever.'' The 1899 basis for amalgamating the naval brigades, more sea-going training and a better class of ships was the sheet anchor during many subsequent conferences. THE YEAR 1900. The barque Carrizal was wrecked on Baker Island, mid-Pacific, during Feb ruary; and the well-known Australian trader Ecclefechan was lost on the 23rd while bound to New York. The coasting steamer Cambria was wrecked at Rockingham, near Fre mantle on March 1st, and tbe 210-ton steamer Glenelg foundered off Lake Tyers, Vic, on the. 22nd, There was considerable loss of life. On May 8th the fine ship Sierra Nevada was wrecked off Port Phillip Heads, with a loss of 25 lives. Seal Rocks saw the next wreck, that of the barque Harvester on June 7th, the crew being rescued by the steamer Macleay. Then the schooner Empress of India foundered off Cape Hawke on July 23rd. with a loss of three lives. THE BOXER REBELLION. The first contingent of Australians for service in China against the Boxers left Sydney on board the steamer Wallaroo on July 2nd, and then, carrying 200 volunteers from Victoria and 260 from New South Wales, the steamer Salamis sailed from Sydney on August 8th, with the second contingent of Australians to leave for service in China against the Boxers. Three days later (11th) the South Australian gunboat Pro tector left Sydney with 96 officers and men, this being the third and last Boxer contingent. The fine ship Mataura, well-known in the New Zealand trade, became dis- masted and was abandoned in the North Atlantic on August 24th. The schooner Cynthia was lost at the en- trance to Port Stephens on September 15th; and the 49-ton schooner Bur- nett foundered on the Albert Bar, Gulf of Carpentaria, on the 23rd, with a loss of two lives. Some time during October, the 200 ton brigantine Lord of the Isles was wrecked on Kaipara bar, as many good ships had before, and did after wards. THE BOER WAR. With a gradual simmering down of the outrages of centuries, older and more civilised parts of the world set out to discuss some outstanding dif- ferences. Thus, the long drawn-out struggle between Britain and the Boers when Britain rejected the Boer ultimatum on the 11th. One Christmas Day, tbe 2257-ton steel four-mast barque Ross-Shire well known in most Australian ports, was lost awhile loading nitrates at a Chilean port. Undated wrecks for 1900 were the schooner Kondio, with all hands (6); and the 1075-ton ship Piako. which left Melbourne for Capetown and never reached there— she made 17 voyages to New Zealand in her day, and was under the German flag when she was lost. THE YEAR 1901. The 1218-ton clipper ship Loch Shlel wag wrecked off Milford Haven on January 30, on the commencement of her voyage from Glasgow to Adelaide. There was no loss of life. During' the same month, the 2446-ton four-mast French barque Ville du Havre was driven ashore off the coast of New Caledonia, but was salved later. The 212-ton sc'aooner May Byrnes was wrecked on North Head, Port Jackson, on February 1, her crew get- ting clear. The ship Glen Park, bound from Port Jermeln, West Aus- tralia, to Algoa Bay, was wrecked on a reef off Wedge Island on the 3rd within a few days of sailing. The crew was taken to Port Victoria by the barque Elba. Tbe natives of Goarabari Island, off the coast of New Guinea, kept up the old traditions long after other por tions of Oceania had reformed, by murdering and cooking two gold dig- gers during February. The steamer Bee was wrecked at Picnic Bay, Townsville, on March 17; and the 1540-ton steamer Federal foundered in Bass Straits on the 21st, with some loss of life. The steamer Karakatta struck a pinnacle rock off Satin Island, West Australia, while bound from Fremantle to Singapore, on the 26th, and gave her crew scant time in which to get clear before she foundered. The schooner Alto pick ed up the stranded company, number Ing 129 souls. The 68-ton schooner Louisa Lamont foundered in Bass Straits during March, with a loss of several lives. She had previously been in trouble (1888) on a reef in the Bunker Group, Queensland. THE GOARABSARI MASSACRE. The attentions rendered to gold diggers by natives of Goarabari Island In February were, however, but the prelude to a massacre that was again to shock profoundly the Christian world, and to establish a martyrdom approaching that of Bishop Fatteson. On April 8 John Chalmers and Oliver Tomkins fell victims to the same na tives. Both were attached to the London Missionary Society, the for mer having devoted the greater part of his life to missionary work in the South Seas, going to the New Guinea station in May, of 1877. John ChdJmers was closely Identified with missionary and exploratory work in New Guinea, which work became ul timately of considerable political and economic value. The massacre was prearranged, and the bodies of both victims were cooked and eaten. The Religious Tract Society of London, which in 1895 edited Chalmers' book, ''Pioneer Life and Work in New Guinea,'' prefaced that work with: ''He is the white man best known to all the natives along the south coast. From the first he had gone among them unarmed and though not infrequently in imminent peril, has been marvellously preserved. No white man of this generation can posslbily see New Guinea and its people under exactly the same conditions. Succeeding mission- aries and observers can never see these people in the same stage of savagery as when he acquired their friendship.'' And yet, six years later, he was murdered by them deliberately and treacherously. The New Guinea Gov- ernment vessel Merrie England reach ed the scene of the tragedy on May 2, and landed boats simultaneously at three villages. The natives at once accepted the gage of battle, but were routed with a loss of 24 killed and three wounded ''as far as is known'' in the words of the official report. The attackers also captured one of the participants in the orgy, who rather prides himself on being able to give a full account of the happen ing. It appears that when the mis sionary party arrived the Village of Doplma in the mission vessel Niue, the natives of that village conceived the Idea of the massacre: ''Word was at once sent round that night to villages in the vicin- ity to come and help. The next morning all the canoes went off and persuaded Messrs. Chalmers and Tomkins and party to come ashore in the whaleboat. Some of the na- tives remained to loot the Niue. When they got on shore Messrs. Chalmers and Tomkins entered the long house, the rest of the boys re- maining to guard the boat. The last, however, were enticed inside the house on pretence of giving them something to eat. The signal for a general massacre was given by knocking simultaneously on the head from behind both Messrs. Chalmers and Tomkins with stone clubs. Kaiture, of Doplma, then stabbed Mr. Chalmers in the right side with a cassowary dagger, and then Muroroa cut off his head. Ema cut oft Mr. Tomkins' head. They both fell senseless at the first blow of the clubs. Directly the heads had been cut off the bodies, some men cut the latter up and handed the pieces over to the women to cook, which they did, mixing the flesh with sago. They were eaten the same day.'' The sequel came two years later, when an unsuccessful effort was made to recover the heads of the two mis sionaries. The luck of France's monster sail ing ships was out during 1901, as the 3942-ton five-mast barque France 1 was abandoned off Cape Horn on May 20, her crew of 44 being grateful for the help extended by the German steamer Hebe. The 394-ton barque Presto was lost during May, no local ity being mentioned. There were no wrecks during June, but the tug Protector was lost at Richmond River with all hands (6) on July 1. The 1036-barque Lizzie Bell was lost with 12 lives off the coast -of New Zealand on the 25th; the 2140 ton steamer Moonstone was wrecked after completing loading phosphates at Ocean Island on the 27th; and the 410-ton barque Alexa was wrecked on Surprise Island off the north of New Caledonia, on the 29th. Her crew reached Pam, in New Caledonia. An- other July wreck was that of the London Missionary Society schooner Olive Branch at Samarai. The one wreck during August was of the barque Statominster Selmer, which struck on a reef off Nukulofa Island on the 22nd, while bound from Delago Bay to Samoa to load copra. ANOTHER SUBMARINE CABLE. Fremantle and Durban were con nected by submarine cable, which was opened during October. The wooden steamer Unique became a total wreck after striking the bar at Camden Haven on November 24; and the 598-ton barque Royal Tar, famous for her part in Lane's Para- guay scheme, was wrecked on a rock off Tiri Tiri Island, New Zealand, on the 26th. The well-known 1447-ton wool clip per Rodney was wrecked on the Corn ish coast on December 7. She had gone to French owners, and sank un der the name of Gipsy, so that few people knew that an old friend had gone. Undated wrecks during 1901 were the barque Norden, at the entrance to Suva Harbour; and the old Black wall clipper ship Superb was broken up. THE YEAR 1902. The steamer Walla Walla was wrecked on January 4 with a loss of 27 lives; the ship Port Patrick was abandoned off Cliffy Island, Victoria, on the 14th, but was afterwards tow ed to Sydney; and the 100-ton labour schooner Fearless was wrecked on the Island of San ChriBtoval on the 31st. The Norwegian barque Langstone was wrecked on Naturaliste Reef, near Bunbury, on February 5, while on her way from Bunbury to London. All hands escaped. She was followed by the 125-ton brigantine Prosperity, which was wrecked on Point Look out, Q., on the 14th, and then by the well-known 3396-ton 4-mast barque Liverpool, which was wrecked on the coast of Alderney on the 25 th, THE BOVERIC. While en route to South, Africa from Fremantle with horses for use in the Boer War, the steamer Boveric lost her tail shaft and propeller on April 2\. On finding that the ship was drifting north out of the track of steamers, a boat's crew left on De cember 11 for Fremantle, 1000 miles distant, but in the meantime the Blue Funnel liner Narrung picked up the Boverie and towed her to Fremantle, arriving there on May 15. The boat was picked up later. The 42-ton steamer Klngsley was wrecked on Morna Point on April 16, and the 150-ton labour schooner Sybil went missing after last being authori tatively heard from at Couglan Har bour, in the Solomons, on the X9th. Other April wrecks were the 28-ton steamer Florrie Ellison, at Manning River Heads; and the Danish barque Geertruida Gerarda, abandoned while bound from Java to Newcastle, and afterwards drifted ashore at Tama tave. The only wreck during May was that of the 340-ton steamer Kelloe, which was sunk in collision off Botany Bay on the 13th. The schooner Syl- vani was lost at Brisbane on June 4; the steamer Mawhere was totally wrecked on one of the Paumotu Group on the 15th — she was disguised under the alias Croix du Sud — and the 61-ton schooner Advance was wrecked at Botany Bay on the 14th. The 1079 ton White Star ship George Thomp son, which had donned the flag of Chile, was wrecked at Carlmapu dur ing June. (To be continued.) 