. BUTTER; QUESTION! (To .the Editor "Cairns JPost") I Sir;-l'hâve read .with very - great interest Mr.: Derbyshire's ' letter on the butter question-one of ? the most pressing matters that « has ever, faced the. Australian;.' 'dairymen and the country's credit' abroad. . Butter' for years past has stood' third on the lists of exports i and - 'thus- played 'a very large part-ins -balancing.our trade ¡volume. Mr. Derbyshire says the English market is practically held by the Danes and ourselves. This is in- correct England has a very great number pf dairy cows herself"; in- fact she is the stud farm of the world, and last year's" production of milk, cream, butter and cheese was worth £64, 000,000, as against bur exports of less than £8.000,000. New Zealand exports more than we dp, -while the Swede3 account for almost as much ' as -we do. Russia, sends more, than one sixth as. much as'we do, while: Argen- tine and. Holland also send consider- able quantities.. Up to the present nature has . always balanced supply and demand, and this appears the only real 'solution at .'present' In the past, -when. Australia has - had - good seasons, there would be, drought con- ditions existing in otlier countries, and-visa versa. . Germany is the cause bf our.'butter troubles, for the past year. Her restrictions, of imports forced.50,000' ton's of butter that she normally. consumed to ^seek- other markets, and they chose thc dumping ground of the world's surplus pro- ducts-London. ...Owing to..-the' com narative. high, pricesv.rul¡rig.'fór( butter for. the.nast: few years, .and the: low prices, of. other commodities, people all over , the world have gone into dairying, and this .has brought about an overproduction. Even the Aus traiian wheat: farmer, has goner head ' long.Jnto .cows.; Australian -produc . lion has expanded enormously the last few -years, and to get right, down; to bedrock, I say, without/hesitation,Ave are expecting too much ofthe^ British1 people. They 'are 'á'natión Of^43,000^ 000, producing; bhe-third of "their re- quirements, and .-'their importing requirements must ' necessarily. ..- be limited. There is only a'handful bf people in Australia '(say.1 ,7,000,000), and ar we export ;75 per cent; of our. butter (Australians .. are tambrtg ; the largest butter consumers' .m . the world) therefore* arc producing, suffi- cient to, supply- a' population'- of 28.000,000 people.. Apart from nature regulating, Applies, we must look to our chemists * atid ' scientists to find means of turning-bur; dairy produce into ; some' -other - commodity than butter. It. will be futile to go on overproducing as át present, withou» adequate: markets, , and notwithstand- ing what the critics- say we would bc just as'well off " if:'.bur;production 'was j restricted r and a .better..price obtained. The economic pressure" ; exerting on some of the European countries is almost at breaking strain. Informa ! tion received by the Commonwealth Department of Commerce.,vindicates that Denmark, Australia's most for- midable competitor in the British ! butter market, is resorting to .drastic I measures to cope with surplus "prb duction. It is stated that in'April Danish dairy farmers slaughtered 10,000 cattle as thc first instalment of a policy bf herd culling and limitation bf production; and 50,000 morie ; will I be" slaughtered. - The Department - re- ports that Holland and. Germany [have taken different steps to deal with the position, making if toni pulsory to blend a certain quantity of butter with margerine. Holland and Sweden < are taxing home -con- sumed butter to.pay the^bonus on export- In the meantime our greatest and-best hope is .to increase our population. Our industries' will never be stable till we have and con- serve our home market At present all our trade is to pr from London, ,a congested- port, the world's dumping ground, i . The cream of British Isle immigrants sail yearly from Queens- town, Liverpool, Glasgow. Through lack of ; shipping. facilities, Australia gets none of these people. They all go to America. If a. line of ship- ping traversed this, route we would at:-leastvget a sprinkling Of these people, and it would certainly increase asrtime went on. At the present time we have tramp steamers ' coming from Liverpool ^direct to Cairns, and taking cargo for that port, and if this could be developed into a passengei service ; it would , be , a .boon to. this country. ri.. " y Yours, etc., , w P. ENGLISH. Malanda, 4/7/33.. - . . 