''PHE appearance in the latest supplement of the new English dictionary of the freshly-coined word 'bodyline' shows how fluid is our language. Books on pronunciation, slang, and such subjects are coming wholesale from the presses, giving new mean ing to the old saw by Josh Billings that 'a man who kan't spel ain't of no akount.' As for the contagion of some Yankee slang, the Bishop of London recently confessed that, after his visit to the United States, he found himself mouthing some 'yeps' an^ 'yeahs,' and had to watch lest he said 'O.K., chief,' to the Arch bishop of Canterbury. — W.O.W. ***** NICHT. 'pHE night flies on in purple Velvet dress'd. On with her jewels glittering on her breast, And lance of silver firmly held in rest. On flieth she, to put Day's might to lest, With streaming hair, and glory manifest; Bui he, faint-hearted craoen, flees her, lest He die; they meet above the mountain's crest; Her lance goes cleaving through his heart; the West Is stained with blood — and then comes peace and rest. — Max J. Coleman. V * V V TT would appear that lawn tennis and music go hand in hand. Each member of the visiting British tennis team 6nds that on tour music is a necessity; and so they all have portable phonographs. Visiting them in their rooms at whatever hotel they are staying one is sure to be met imme diately on entering the corridor in which they are by the strains of the latest song and dance hits, coming sometimes from four bedrooms. They brought from America about 100 of the very latest records, and F. J. Perry, the star player of the team, confessed the other day that he simply could not travel without his phonograph, which bears the labels of many countries. — D. ♦ * * * 'THE amazing old lady, Mrs. Mary Ann Adamson, of Hastings, New Zealand, in November last passed her hundredth year, 98 of which she has spent in the country she has naturally called her own. She saw the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, and at the age of 99, on the occasion of a carnival at Hastings, flew with Sir Charles Kings ford Smith over Hawkes Bay country, which she had not sighted since her girl hood, or was aware of its century pro gress. 'I loved every mile of it,' she said on relanding at Hastings, where she was unanimously crowned as 'Queen of the Carnival,' and no one disputed her right to the title. Mrs. Adamson, despite her ! 00 years, is still active, and might almost be classed as an 'everlasting.' — C. * * * * T^HERE is no need to await the coming of Zane Grey to help solve the 'mystery' of the sea serpent ('Mail,' 29/1 1/33). I myself have seen one. And not alone, but in the presence of one other white man and about half a dozen natives. We were sailing towards the Louisiade Group (in Papua), and the serpent appeared quite suddenly, swimming, ap parently, on top of the water. It was pro bably about 12ft in length and had a dragon-like head. I have, however, no doubt that at a distance, both of time and space, the sea serpent occasionally makes the imagination grow stronger. — 'Cetus.' ***** nPHE American experimentalist who suffered him self to be bitten by a Black Widow (or Hour Glass) spider to ascertain if it is poisonous to human beings was speedily answered in the affirmative, with the result that he had to be doctored and bedded for some days before the effect of the bite subsided. The Widow, we are told, is similar to the Australian Red-back spider, which is poisonous; and the latter, in turn, is first cousin to the New Zealand Katipo, a vicious little red or yellow striped insect which mostly homes near the seaside, and whose bite may prove fatal unless treated expeditiously. Fortunately, most New Zealanders know the Katipo, and sea siders finger gingerly driftwood which they collect for firewood from the beaches and stones which are wanted for seaside gardens. — 'Lou.' HHHAT the ancient mariner was not the only believer in birds of ill omen is proved by the oil-tanker Plume that recently reached Sydney. Its Chinese crew was convinced that a seagull that perched aboard from San Francisco was the spirit of a departed seaman. When at last the gull left the ship one of the quarter masters suffered a stroke that left him long uncon scious. It recalls the superstitious ripple in London in 1931 over the heron that perched for three successive nights on the cross atop of St. Paul's, and of the cormorant, two years before that, which roosted at election time on Big Ben; but even those who saw an omen in these things hesitated to say whether it was to be a good or a bad one. Superstitions die hard — and amusingly. ? — K.O. * * * * * ^PWO recent cases in which Scotchmen have been concerned go to show both sides of their mucli maligned thriftiness. A pound-note autographed by the Prince of Wales and handed over to the British Legion, as fulfilment of a certain bet with Sir Ian Hamilton, was offered at auction for charity in Glas gow. The purchaser paid over three figures for it. On the other hand, a Scotch Guards man has been court-marlialled because he was absent without leave from his regiment in London. His explanation left the Court astounded. He had actu ally walked to Aberdeen and back, a matter of 500 miles, which took him forty days, to get a uniform he had left behind. A true Scot, he naively re plied that he took this action so as to save the postage to London on it. — 'Hal.' * * * * 'THE London 'Spectator' recently published a letter from a corres pondent animadverting upon the literary style of Mr. Wodehouse. Whereupon the creator of the 'inimitable Jeeves' wrote to the journal more in sorrow than in anger to the following effect: — 'Sir, — I have always had an unquestioning faith in the infallibility of The Spectator;' so I suppose your critic, W.P., must be right when he says that my books, trans lated into any other language, would be unreadable. It is true that they have been translated into French, German, Italian, Spanish, Norwegian, Danish and Fin nish, and sold in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Norway, Denmark, and Finland in rather large quantities, but no doubt the inhabitants of those countries use them for shaving paper. As regards my not being able to compete with American writers of comedy, here, too, he is pro bably correct, in spite of the fact that for a good many years New York edi tors have been paying me 50,000 dollars for the American serial rights of my novels and 6000 dollars for a short story. Where he does cut me to the quick is when he rebukes me for being clean. It had never occurred to me that 'The Specta tor' would rap me on the knuckles for that. In fact, I am a little surprised at 'The Spectator' — not angry, you under stand — just a little surprised and shocked. : — I am, sir, etc., P. G. Wodehouse. Hunstanton Hall, Norfolk.' T^HAT eternal vigilance is needed on the northern coast of Queensland was proved recently by the discovery, by the survey ship H.M.A.S. Moresby, of a new shoal in Flinders Passage, which leads through the Great Barrier Reef, a few miles south of Towns ville. The crew of the vessel were surprised to find that there were only 1 8ft of water on the reef where the charts indicated 20 fathoms. The new danger to navigation was named the Wilson Shoal, after the Governor of Queensland, Sir Leslie Wilson. — N. * ♦ * * * 'DECAUSE the peace talk of the League of Nations costs a worried world a cool million pounds per annum, the huge salary bill of that establishment at Geneva is again being impatiently criticised. Although Australia's contribution is nominally £35,600 for this year, it will cost £65,000 — the great difference in these financial figures representing the exchange rate. While our Commonwealth is thus paying its dues promptly, many other nations — big and small — are either delaying payment or openly defaulting. Evidently the League's £ 1 .000,000 budget must be reduced. — R.F. ***** HPHE Australian swallow, or swift, is not seen in New Zealand. The Tasman Sea is too wide for our sprightly little feathered friend, which flits about our playing grounds and builds fragile clay nests under our verandahs, and nobody so far ap pears to have immigrated him. The suggestion was lately made to the North Canterbury Acclimatisa tion Society that Sir Charles Kingsford Smith, on his next aerial visit, should be asked to bring across a crate of the birds for liberation in the Dominion, but objection was raised that apart from the attractive contribution to bird life they were known eaters of trout food, and the proposition was consequently turned down. In any case, the New Zealand Govern ment has a hard-and-fast rule against the importation of any foreign birds. So the Australian brisk flighter is likely to remain in his 'ain countree' for the pre sent. — L.W. ***** ^OOLOGICAL gardens and aquariums are at last trying to restock themselves, after their set-back, first from the world war, then from the depression. Just now Melbourne is making another attempt to transport a Queensland crocodile to its aquarium. Huntsmen in Arnliem Land and other tropic jungles find such saurians so closely infesting the tidal streams that a dead duck tossed over a river there is snapped up before it reaches the water. These scaly monsters lose their hardihood when removed from their natural haunts, but both Sydney and Melbourne occasionally get a glimpse of crocodile in the form of footwear. Last year, for the first time, tanners in the southern capitals bought crocodile skins wholesale. — K.O. * * * * * COVIET showmen have little to learn from their European or American brethren. A friend re cently returned from Russia told me that a theatre in Moscow whose business had fallen off to an alarm ing extent advertised that 'our orchestra will render an item at the close of this performance. If anyone dislikes this extra number he has only to say so, and we will refund a sum equal to ten times the cost of his ticket.' A full house resulted and exciteme^ was at fever pitch when the performance concluded, but it toppled to zero when the band burst into the communistic hymn, 'The In ternationale.' — P.O.M.C. * * * v MENTION the other day Jb- of that catfish nuisance which haunts New South Wales coasts recalls an in cident on the Hawkesbury, where the catfish and the jellyfish swarm in their millions. On fishing days on the Hawkesbury it is i? difficult to dodge the whis Z kered catfish, which some fishermen claim to be good eating, but has never been to my liking. The jellyfish, seemingly in millions, float down with the tide and foul the lines, which they rot unless speedily removed. One night a fisherman pal and I boated up the river after black-bream in a pool which was famous for its catches. First thing I struck was a catfish, which, struggling on the hook, came aboard, and, evading the baton we carried to prise the invader off the hook, stung me on the knee. 'Better get home,' said my experienced fisherman friend, who knew of cases of extensive swellings and pain among fisher men who had been stung. Perhaps because I hap pened to wear a pair of thick woollen stockings, and vigorously sucked the wound on the row home, I never suffered after-effects. — W. SENDING IT UP. 