TO 1-inMKHS OF INTEHbhf TO FARMERS The wholesal week in Perth cash with or 1/11 net cash booked. I One Shillimr and One Penny for WhoTe Milk:—The Milk Board have mentthat]/Iu"in bepaid for whole S foi^ the metropolitan area An U expert discussing this matter f^'^o pte7du\tg7L r rr?emTrke°d r tbit paper during tne weeK remarKca mat per c^ nr\ n itt" U con en to 2/7 ner lb for butter-fat He wished the Board everv luck Hoard every IUCK. Swedish Cream Exports io Great Britain:—We are indebted to Messrs. Malloch Bros, for the following extract from "The Times" London, 28/12/33 as follows:—An export bounty on Swedish cream, as part of a general scheme enacted by the last Swedish Government to assist Swedish farmers, is aparently encouraging substantial shipments to Great Britain as an alternative to equivalent butter exports, whose volume has been influenced bv the Ottawa Aereements The law provides for the payment of a bounty on the export of butter financed by a small duty on milk sold to consumer. This duty is estimated to yield 10,000.000 kronor annually, thereby permitting the payment of a bounty on all butter exported from Sweden. The law has now been extended to encourage exports of cream from Sweden, and by aid of the bounty a certaiA amount of export business is being built up, chiefly to Great Britain. It has-been found here that the butter duty in Great Britain, as the result of the Ottawa Agreements, amounts to about 2d. a pound on the present price. The duty on milk and cream was not touched at Ottawa and remains at 10 nor cent. It has been calculated that the dutv and freight on cream aro lower than the duty on butter, and that therefore it is more profitable to export cream, particularly as the! Government has agreed to nav almost the same bounty on exports of cream as it does on butter. The buttor'd produced from this Swedish cream is, n England stamped as being British produce and fetches a considerably higher price than the imported com-; ' ,noml > - The Quality of Our Butter:—l)ur-! ing a recent informative analysis of the present butter position which was made by Mr. Baron Hay, the Superintendent of Dairying, he stat-i ed that there were several important' considerations which had been: brought into existence by the increase in production. The immediate effect, of that increase was to constitutej the necessity for the export of but-j ter. That factor affected all factor-• ies and all producers, because it brought the matter of quality into the manufacture of the West Aus-j tralian article. From newspaper dis-! cussions which had taken place dur-t ing the last eighteen months, and in fact ever since this State had enter-i ed the field as an exporting State there, had been considerable heartburnings in certain directions as to [ the efforts and means which could be; devised whereby the quality of our ' butter could be improved. It was es-1 sential that such an improvement j should take place because it meant'b that as a result every producer would I receive more for his product than had been the case in the past. He would , point out that this contention even applied to the local market, for their| experience had been that the Eastem States butter commanded from! Id. to 13d. per lb. in our own market j more than the local butter. All sorts 1 of arguments had been advanced tol account for this unnatural position.l It has been stated for instance that|e it was impossible for West Austra-j lian butter to be manufactured of an! even quality to compare with the! Eastern States product because they did not possess the pastures to en-j able this to be done. That was not troe. Such a statement would not bear close investigation and could be rrfuted He was hopeful that they | would be able to manufacture butter I here of a quality that would compare with anything that could be produced in any otner State. Some months ago the Department as the result of most careful consideration realised that the question of the quality of our own buter was fata! to the welfare of the industry, and inevitably would lose the industry and the State money. As a matter of fact when the whole of the State was taken into consideration it became evident that the position was not as it should be through butter being manufactured other than equal to the best The Department therefore determined to find ways and means •whereby the quality could be improved. Kikuyu Grass Condemned:—After hearing Dr. Dunne's address at Harvey, on different grasses and pasture management, one of those present remarked that some time ago he succeeded in getting a few roots of kikuyu grass which he had planted. As a result he was now happy to say that he secured nearly half an acre of kikuyu grass, with the results from which, he was more than satisfied. Dr. Dunne stated that he had not made any experiments with kikuyu grass for the reason that to him it appeared that while this paricular grass was a rapid grower there was too much waste to make a general proposition out of it. Ho had noticed that kikuyu grass under grazing grew too much stem to be a'first class fodder while paspalum the other hand was all foliage. Be was hopeful to get further informaon't)lc point to date it ap-'h _ into* leafage " *" " """ Mr. Johnston, the Inspector of the Agricultural Bank stationed at Harmentioned at this stage that some time ago an analysis of kikuyu ™ published bv Mr. Sutton and nstrated th£ he comp nen . P d"nUcaI^^ . -tv. , The Director of Agriculture stated that the analysis was made at the I "Chapman experimental farm but itin had ^ be remembered that the cii_]th mate obtaining there was quite differ-s ent to that of Harvey. From his recollection he would say that the ki- 1 kuyu grown there was more leafy, than the kikuyu which they had in- 1 spected that day. He had to admit that in the past he had been a keen ad-. vbcate of kikuyu but his advocacy of.w that pasture had been lessened by what he had seen that day. The position as they had seen it was just as Dr.', Dunne had pointed out. It was impossible to think that the kikuyu which they had inspected was as good, as what had been claimed for this particular pasture hitherto. It could not be said that the stems which they, had seen in such quantities indicated 1 a good pasture, or that they contained as high a percentage of protein! as would have been contained by a more leafy growth. Under these circumstances kikuyu could not be claim-!i ed to be as valuable as paspalum which was so leafy. . Dr. Dunne commenting upon the statement which had been made byif Mr. Johnston said that the analysis' of plants was not always reliable, as! plait life reacted to the conditions i under which is was grown, the fer^ tilisers which were used and in gen-, eral to its environment. Thus, for! instance, it had been found that by feeding plants heavily with nitrogen the protein content of the plant could be boosted up. , „ , __ ( - . . l Two Entirely Different Opinions:—. A correspondent from the Pinjarra istrict sends the following strong criticism of the personnel of the Metropolitan Milk Board. He states that he cannot understand the Min- !ster of Agriculture Mr. Ferguson, | in making the appointments in question. The chairman, Mr. T. H. Wilson, was at one-time, it is true the President of the Royal Agricultural Society, but he is a City man pure, and simple, and his association witlij the land is comprised in the fact thatl he owns a wheat farm on the Midland Railway. Mr. F. E. Gibson, the Mayor of Fiemantle, is, so our correspondent understands, a chemist by profession; Mr. Kirton, who at one time was the member for Fremantle is a journalist by training, and it will be generally understood that his nomination was a graceful tribute to the Labour Party, a fact, which will be fully appreciated by j he Primary Producers. The actually . selected representatives of the producers were the second and third choices of the different primary pro-1 ducers Associations; but in making| those recommendations, it should be, remembered that the first choices j were emphasised by the different Or-| ganisations as expressing the em-1 phatic wishes of the nominating odies. These men were disregarded, i The men passed over included such practical hard headed men as J. Ah-| ernethy the well known dairyman of Byford; Win. Taylor of Mundijong, another dairyman; S. Russell of Ser- pentine: J. D. Smith of Waroona; Roy Hayward of Harvey and Denis Keane. These men are leaders in the producing industry in their respective districts, and they were all pass-| ed over, and second preferences sel-j cted. I The agricultural representative off this paper during the course of a • brief chat with Mr. Roy Hayward,! the President of the Harvey Agricultural Society sounded that gentleman, upon his opinion as to the representa-; tive character or otherwise of the Board. He said he thought it was an j excellent selection and the MinisterI was to be commended upon the choice which he had made. The chairman j had wide practical, commercial and executive experience;.Mr. Gibson whoj had been Mayor of Fiemantle for soj many years rightly possessed the' confidence of the people. He thought Mr. Kirton's appointment as a consumers representative would be widely approved and the producers repre-'. sentatives had the full confidence of. the producers throughout the supply-! ing districts. Altogether he thought the selection was wise and adequate' and he had heard nothing but ap-, proval expressed concerning the men picked out to administer a very difficult business. J Fairbridge Farm School:—The at-- tention of the Committee of the Fair- 1 bridge Farm School has been direct-' ed to a letter published in your issue of January 20, from one of your cor-! respondents in the Murray District, to which I am directed to reply. " I Your correspondent claims to have been an enthusiastic supporter of the scheme. This interest 1 take it, would not have been aroused without some intimate knowledge of our' work, and it would have been perhaps' fairer to the Farm School if he had' personally satisfied himself—which it would have been quite easy for him to do—as to the accuracy of the in-! formation, in which case I am sure he would not have been impelled' to' even suggest that the Farm is oper-' ating "detrimentallly to West Australia's rising- generation." I In the first place we have ample evidence that the Fairbridge children do not interfere with the chances of other children obtaining employment. The number of applications we receive are inded far in excess of the) number we can supply, and so far us (he question of wages goes, the following figures may be of interest. We have out at employment 348 children at an average wage of 12/3 with keep., (Full details of the amount paid to each child are available.) Never at any time have boys been allowed out at anything like 2/ or 2/6, and the suggestion that this slender amount also includes keep, is of course too absurd for words. In five cases only ave the wages paidfallen below 7/6 |of the children's movements in the future We system of Aftercare _Fa.rbndje^mvolvmg^ 't does regular reports from employregular correspondence with the ^d^en and Jjy After- « « ^ ^ X ' S t e ^ most satisfactory in existence * any part of the world where British children have been immigrated, Your correspondent JB of course ot awar™d lt is just as well that e public of Western Australia hould know—that Fairbridge children brought out from England represent to W.A., an aggregate sum equal to £175 per head. It is hardly Possible to estimate the economic value to West Australia of these transfers of money, and in respect of hich it must be remembered that nothing in the way of interest or dividends go out of the country. . Another thing which must be reahsed is the fact that the Fairbridge Farni children are in fact West Australians. They enjoy that status from the moment they set foot upon our shores and are therefore entitled to be regarded in exactly the same way as West Australian born child- 1 '™' "> conclusion, Colonel Heath and the Committee would extend a welcome to the Farm School to anyone nterested,. and woufd be_ pleased to produce all records pertaining to the employment of children and to fully explain the system employed with refard to their aftercare Heresay evidence is seldom satisfactory, and "? this case is Jar from correct.— ncurs faithfully, A. F. Stowe, Secretary. . . . . , „ .... i The Vita-Lick Lamb Competition:, If .the maximum results are to be ob-i tamed when giving a mineral supple-1 ment in Western Australia, it is ab-| solutely essential that the lick be fed, uring the winter period for the following reasons:— (1) More results per unit of out. lay are obtained from giving ewes during the gestation period and young growing lambs a mineral lick than any other type of stock. In Western Australia this period is the winter. (2) Continuous application of a mineral supplement winter and summer means economy. (3) Absolute prevention of diseases, caused by mineral deficiency: which occur in Western Aus-, tralia during the summer j months, can only be prevented really successfully by giving Lick in the winter time, thus enabling the sheep to enter the more deficient period (the summer) with a positive mineral balance. Vita-Lick Ltd. state these scientific facts which are borne out in practice and in order to bring these points forcibly before the Western Australian stockowners, and as a I gesture of confidence in their opinion, they are offering £100' in cash prizes for the best lambs sent forward to Midland Junction during August, September and October, There is no entrance fee and all lambs are eligible for the competi- 1 tion provided they comply with the following conditions:— j (1) That the ewes have been on a Vita-Lick """ Mineral Supplement from April 1 until the lambs are weaned. (2) That the lambs have had our Lick from birth until marketed. (3) That the Lick is given in properly constructed troughs so that the essential mineral elements are not. washed out when it rains. Entries __ for this Competition close on April 1 ,1933 and further informa tion in reference to the competition can be obtained from Messrs. Goldsborough, Mort & Co. Ltd., who are running this competition in association with Vita-Lick Limited, r , „ .. . A Change «r Mind:—Speaking at ' Harvey on the question of mineral licks the Director of Agriculture Mr. Sutton said that during the last ew• weeks; the Department had r eeived letters from correspondents in the country to the effect that the officers of the Department were wrong in recommending Di-Calcic Fhosphate. It has been stated that they had no scientific authority justifying the stand they had taken. One of the reasons given why they should not| make the recommendation is that Di- Calcic Phosphate is made from mmeral phosphate whereas it is contend-, ed that the Di-Calcic Phosphate made in South Africa is made from bonemeal. Such a contention, remarked the Director, is a pure banality. Another statement which had been put forward to throw discredit upon the recommendation of the Department was that four or five years ago he personally recommended that -favmers should use Formula C which consisted of crude Dicalcic Phosphate and rock phosphate. Now it was said that he had changed 1iis mind, and furthermore it was actually alleged that a man who changed his mind should be disregarded because he was unreliable. He did not agree with that contention. If he ever made a 'statement and subsequently- found that his information was incorrect, or his conclusions wrong, or had misinterpreted the information which he had to hand, then he had always taken the first available opportunity to rectify the erroneous impression which he had created. If on the other hand something better was discovered which superseded some course of action that had previously been in : vogue, then he had never hesitated to recommend that a change of policy ;or action, should be made according- ' lv. He would illustrate ~ the course 1 which he had taken by saying that it '.was well-known in the Wheat Bell that for many years he had recom- 'mended a rotation of operations as I follows: fallow, wheat, stubble, fal- 'low, and so on. As a result of some ; years of experiment and experience j they had found certain defects in | this cycle and last October he an- (nounced to 1,200 people who had attended a field dav at Merredin that i in his opinion this cycle was wrong and he took the opportunity of remedying it. Mr. Sutton said lie would 'always cliange his mind if he found that he was wrong. But in the instance under review it so happened ' that he had not changed his mind. J ! The Proof:—Three years ago in a 'short article "Phosphatic Licks for j Stock" published in the Journal -of Agriculture (December 1928), when 'leferring to the need of a suitable {phosphate for licks in Western Australia, he wrote "It is believed that this will be supplied in the future by a specially prepared precipitated cal-' cium phosphate. This belief had now been realised and in response to a request from the department the Cuining Smith Mount Lyell Fertiliser Coy. were manufacturing a high grade dicalcium phosphate suitable for use .in the preparation of phosphatic stock licks and are placing the same' on the market." I „ , „ ! Chewing Bones:—The Director f o Agriculture went on Ho say that he hoped no dairyman would wait until he saw his animals chewing bones before he tried to remedy the trouble from which the- were suffering. Any stock which had got to the stage of chewing bones were in a serious condition. As a mater of fact the bones KlJ^r^Ll"ft*.* fh^I'* like a reservoir for those mineral IZ • the maintenance of animal health and I Z S i ^ m ™ '"O^KHH ; ?n wL „nfil hp jin his own bones until the deficiency of minerals from which he was suf-l tering had reached an advanced ]stage, indeed this process would go !on for possibly a year or more.; | After an animal had reached the ,bone chewing stage it was two years; ;or more before the reserve of mineral elements which were essential tol an 'i ,, L. ! j J restor , ed o were | fully. This had been proved as the j result of repeated and sustained exiperiments which had proven that (after receiving di-calcic lick for months if cattle were taken off the ilick for a fortnight they would revert to their bone and bark chewing • habits. a ,M „„]„: 1 . Mr nl ^f ^!f Mr. Sutton stated that one of the. f„ fovmi^f but »ossS B S b l v the fines ShLfCn H^irv Eprrf'in the L I ™ Shorthorn daily held in the Commonwealth IS using dl-calcic lick almostl entirely and was »nst satisfied witli entirely, ana was most satisnea wit.ii .the improvement which he had obi served in hi« stock in conseauence benea in 111s SIOCK in consequence. 'Quite apart from the theory which 'had been advanced as to the advan-i lian ueen auvancea as 10 ine aavan .tageous results which would accrue 'from the use of Hi-enlHe Iiok the nrarirom tne use 01 ai-caicic UCK tne prac- Itice of its application had been shown ito gne trive good eood lesuus. results I Pasture Problems:— Dr. Dunne, ! speaking last Thursday evening all i Harvey said he had been guided, in connection with any work which he 1 had attempted to do at Harvey, by 'the pastures which he found in exiistence there, when he took up his ! task, and from what he had learned in the course of conversations which ihe had had with the farmers with whom he had come in contact. He I hoped in the future that the farmers 'and those interested in the progress | of the district would not hesitate to bring their problems a^l experiences! j to him, as it went without saying 1 that the more information lie could '; obtain the more he would be seized jwith those problems which were the most pressing in the district. Judging by what he had seen up to date ihe would say that the pastures in the Harvey district consisted almost entirely of paspalum and subterranean clover. These pastures would give plenty of feed during the summer months. The position that had to be faced in that particular area was how to effectively carry the stock over when the warmer weather concluded, and until the commencement of spring. Their problem was to bridge the gap extending- over May, June, and July, As a means of overcoming this difficulty he was turning to the English perennial grasses, but his experiments had not gone sufficiently far to enable him to say whether anything suitable was in sight to enable the gap he had indicated to be bridged. To sum the position up in a sentence, it might be said that their trouble was to get- a winter growing grass. The reason for the difficulty was obvious. Respiration or breathing goes on in plants just the same as in thc human family. But in the case of humans the difficulty was not so acute, as there was a certain amount of heat in the human body which kept them going. But in plant life they were assisted by no such factor. Ail the warmth that was observable in plant life was generated by atmospheric onditions. Under the circumstances in view of this difficulty the thing to do was to find out those plants that held out the longest. , It - , might = be that they would not be able to get] growth but if they could find something that would hold over the! summer and come away when the paspalum died off they would have secured a definite advance as against; what- they were up against for thej moment. Lotus Major:—In matters agricul-i tural it is extraordinary how in the same district and even in the.same: locality farmers will disagree as to the qualities of certain pasture, and indeed in regard to almost all questions of farming policy and practice. 1 This was made evident once more at the recent mqst instructive meeting; which was held at Harvey when the qualities of Lotus Major were brought up at the instance of Mr. Clavtort, and resulted in quite an illuminating discussion showing that while some farmers were highly in favour of that particular legume others would not) have it on their minds. Dr. Dunne said that he had not experimented »"ith J.otus Major up to the present; but it was his intention to plant some of it in connection with the experiments which he was making this year. Mr. Clayton said he had tried seme of it and his experience, was that on 1 heavier soil it beat the subterranean clover. Mr. Baron Hay stepped into the discussion with a comment, at the instance of another speaker, on Slender Birdsfoot treefoil. The Superintendent of Dairying said that the scientific name f<jr this was Lotus Hispodotus. It had the drawback of being an annual. It ">vas not relished! as a pasture as much as Drooping Headed Clover, but thrived in heavier soils and on claypans. There was <rroat difficulty in getting true Lotus seed, that is, true in every sense, to the variety which the purchaser thought he was buying. As a matter of fact the Der paitment had such great difficulty in this rcppect that finallv they had to send *to Germany befo're they could be sure that the.v were getting what they paid for Another speaker said he planted three pounds of Lotus Major on three acres and at the pre-, sent time this had so spread that he had 10 acres altogether. He attri-: buted the spread of the pasture to the cattle. Another settler remarked, that at one time he had sown the whole of his land with Lotus Hispodotus but his experience was that it he had it was One or|' two others' spoke, about an equal number bein^ in favour of this ,)ar. tjculal. pasture and the others a„ajnsl jt- Mr- Baron Hay said the h reason whv the pasture had disap- ,ed on 'ome of' thc properties was fhat the cattle had possibly eaten it out. This was ^sily possible as they eat 1 th b th . h subterran. o clover had per.sisted in the way it ha(J was thaf tho cattle were un'_ t able t0 set at the burr which was unthe ordinary foliage of the plant, * The Cost of Herd Testing:—The Superintendent of Dairying, Mr. G. iK. Baron Hay explained at Brunswick that to constitute a herd testing unit jt was necessary to Jiave not less than 12 farmers and not more than 23.1 ;The cost of the test was 2/6 per cow. ! b x/3 being paid at the commencement I f the season and 1/3 later on. The'w ;actua] cost to the Department wasj |f10m 8/ to 12/ per cow, the balance lbetween the 2/G paid by the farmer and thc acluai cost of the service be-i ing deflayed by the Commonwealth Banji and the State Government. Un-'> 'del. ti,js system the cows were tested i every month b.v an official, who after I the test had been completed gave the 1 armer a daily record. He also works, . ^ , farmer evovv^ Statement as fo what Ih^t |cow has produced during that month, t 1 connection with the system' a re-; l«>rd is also kept 1 of the feed consum- , , 1 th d d f their n "? uy "V . , u :Slre .. . s - The latter information was in- ,. jntendine- uurchasers of s f Iu f Dle 10 stock as show, , 'ntenoing puiLiiaseis m n whlch stud 6 herds throwing heifers that produced w we),, / i , , , •' • V ' 1 0ne of the - undertakings into . • , r.,..,, „ pntered when hei rV lc a " i al " ie ! enterea wnen ne Joined a herd testing unit was that ne woula not b )] whose moth- , use a e J,,, Vn l was a ' E rade cow There wer course, exceptional - producers among| e > °flP cross bred cows, but it was recognised as the result of repeated ex- 'periments that you cannot get an |average cross bred herd to produce |as much as pure bred stock. One other condition went with joining a 1 !herd testing unit, and that was that the farmer undertook to find accornmodation for the tester for thc night on which he was on the f&rm.; A Matter of Temperature:—During thc course of his address at Brunswick the Superintendent of Dairying remarked that one of the outstanding results of herd testing was that dairymen learned conclusively which cows were worth feeding and which' were not. Mr. Shine, who was in the audiencc, remarked at the conclusion of the address that during the summer months you could feed cows how you liked, but you could not get the I same return in'milk that you would j obtain during the cooler months of'p the vear. Mr. Hay said he did not. agree with this. If it were so how did Mr. Shine account for Mr. Bqrgess's herd .at York which averaged just the san e 110 matter whether the month" were hot or cold. Mr. Shine :l Oh he gets «,0 b U • „ M 1 m ? , H in Hn With /t ( difference U> the milk productwn of the C T S \ ^J^S.npHn ' milk the cows remarked the Supe in-: ed at thc man who fed his stock during the hot weather. They were, however, not correct in their point of view. If cows were correctly fed they would remain in milk no matter when they calved. He admitted, however, that it was more costly to maintain stock in milk during the hot and dry months of the year. But difficulties of this character had had to be surmounted ill other countries where the difficulties were far more, acute than was the case in this State. | There were countries for instance.. "'^ere they had to hand feed their animals lor 1&11 nays out 01 tne year, land yet they practised dairying there with success. If animals were provided with good silage there was no variation of the milk flow. The ques-j tion of cost was, of course, another thing. That was a matter for each' : individual farmer to determine. Could ;hc make silage cheap enough to feed his stock during the lean months of .the year? If he could then there was no question about the milk flow. It was a matter for each individual far-! mer to decide for himself. Mr. Shine:: I still maintain that it is impossible for cows to.be milked in the hot weather such as we experienced a few weeks ago the same as they can be in the cool weather. Mr. Stanley, • another Brunswick farmer, also argued that cows milked in cool weaither would produce better results than* animals milked under conditions which were experienced a few weeks ago. . . , _ 1 Bridging the Gap:—The one diflieult question which is occupying the I minds of those dairymen who want <-o work their properties to the ut- ' ,nost advantage is how to bwdge the 'fap of the three lean months of the dairying year. This problem was ap- Proached by the Superintendent of ! Dairying when speaking at Brunswick Recently. He said that as far as the Brunswick farmers were concerned l 'icir operations would shortly be greatly changed by (he introduction' «f irrigation. During the first year, " e took it that no attempt would be made 4 0 'a.v down permanent pastilles' Under the new conditions but that l hey would content themselves, with annual crops which would carry them over difficulty for the time being. The two grasses which seemed to K' v e the best results under irrigaT tion at Harvey were paspalum and kikuyu. It had been found that White. Dutch Clover worked with advantage '"to (his pasture and even Subter*- 'anean clover had been utilised with advantage. He thought he might de- 'ail the efforts which had been made b.v other setlers in the South-West .'o bridge over those three difficult "'onths upon which they were then I entering. Mr. D. Bevan of Scrpentine had 10 acres of irrigable land, which he uses to carry his herd over the early PH't of the season. He ir- ' I'igates the land in February. It was 'aid down with couch and kikuyu, and he obtained sufficient grazing: to carry over his stock for the next two or three months. It might be said that n his case he had overcome the pro? Mem of the lean period by irrigation- Mr. M. L. Clifton told him that he had planted sufficient maize which hp oped would carry him over to June, Mr. Bee, of Keysbrook, relies upon silage. He grows maize which he lays down in silage and finds the resuit very satisfactory. As a matter f fact the problem of carrying over those troublesome months was one hat had to be faced by each fanner 'n his own individual way. He would suggest that it was a good thing to consult other men and find out what thev were doing, and then either fillow their example or it might be that their methods were, capable of being improved upon. They should look around, and visit each other and find out what would suit their condition* est. A suggestion had just been made to him that early oats was a ay out of the difficulty. The suggestion was an excellent one. Mt. Percv Rose had followed this course with success lor some time, , •: "Choicest" BuKer:—Following the ecent excellent address by the Superintendent of Dairying at Brunswick Mr. Hasten asked the question "Who apportioned the Jd. per lb. which is the difference paid between -lioicest and first firade butter under he.existing arrangement? The Superintendent of Dairying in reply said that the Department had no say in the actual price paid. Their on y conection with the matter was in see- ;_„ .ha, the nairvinir InrfiiKtripc Art >ng tnat tne uairying industries Act st , o u d he administered. The Art in j .. . H ] ) question stipulated tnat a variation 1 " Pi'ce should be paid as between tiip Hiffprpnt orsKipK nf butter-fat hut t»e different grades 01 butter-lat, but the actual price was fixed at a meettho Butter »nd lWm Mann, > n B 01 tne Butter ana Mean ftianufacturers Association which took Wi. month Tt was sii?n fieant that ' a " Iff" although "I 0 " 1 /the 1- difference s K1 \ n between ' ncan c , holc e and first grade was only Jd. the difference between the first and second pade was 30 per cent. There wa s > a time when it had been 50 per ™e matter was not a question * 01 " interference by the Government i and he would point out that since the principal Company, operating in the Butter manufacturing business was a co-operative concern the question of price was one which the shareholders themselves could, and should decide. Mr. Hasten said he thought the Act should be altered, as the position, as it stood to- day, was ridiculous. Mr. Baron Hay: I agree that it is ridiculous, but I have not thc power to say anything in the matter l and neither has the Department. If Id. difference as between "choice" and "first grade" was stipulated, or even if the difference was Jd. it would make a great alteration in thc position. As the position is to-day rovided a differential rate is paid I have no power to say what the difference shall be. , . . . . „ ,, , ®. ta "! e ?' ? ^ar " ler \- ? d | wed . f >B<°™at.on trouble was to know what to do with J q U o f ^Jte^ uitt e^rjM grass during those months, fee wantknow*from the Superintendent ft hand he would say that it was imp0SBible ^ grow under Bnch conditions. That is to say if there was so much surplus water. He thought the question was one that would be better asked of Dr. Dunne, the agrostological. expert, who was to have been there that evening but was prevented from being present. „ D"unne wes carrying out numbe). of experiments at Harvey and f thos£ experiments he under- Bteod that h(/would d a such con_ w clusions as would enablc him t(J d with further experimentB. K hmvev took time to advise with cc,taitl(yi and he did not think Dr. Dunnc wouW vcntnre an opinion aftel. experimentin„ for one year. ' Intestinal Parasites of She^i:— Mr. H. A. Veron, Director Research Laboratories, Vita-Lick Ltd., writes: Do Sheepmen generally appreciate the tremendous mortality and reduced efficiency occasioned by intestinal parasites of sheep. Do they realise the value and importance of adopting intelligent and systematic methods in combating these profit robbing enemies of the sheep industry? One often wonders whether thev do, when one sees BO many obviously wormy flocks and is conversant with the trust in providence attitude adopted by so many sheepmen in regard to the treatment and control of (Continued on Page 4) FARMING NOTES j jt j I (Continued from Page 1) !< (liese par&sitos.; . llow much loss do <ni'fi' paraKil<-s|< <>ioasion'! !t is only possible to ans-j wrr this question in a general way as we have but little data with numbers of flocks extending over a period of years from which to calculate actual loss. The writer knows a number of properties in different States of the Commonwealth upon which the losses of young sheep between the ages of 2 months and 2 tooth, exceeds 10 per cent., and in some instances in certain Bcasons exceeds 20 per cent. i Apart from these deaths which un-j doubtedly reach enormous figures, a I tremendous loss to the s^eep industry' n lamus ana vouii^ RIUWIII^ WIW J( thus necessitating more time and feed for the animals to reach maturity! and the stage of maximum profitable «Tu«T ffiwJ^KT-S!?^ naturai increase; loss'of condition; and consequent delay in marketing: eep intended for 'slaughter; and B'ered resistance to other diseases. , These are only some of the loss occasioned casioned by intestinal parasites, i)llt it under caimhik existing niiavv space limits Iiimns will mu serve as illustrations without further elaboralion of evidence or statistical matter In testinal parasites do not attack singly, they operate in mass forma-| tion and are frequently found as mix- -•d infestations. In a single sheep as many as six or more different species of parasites may be found. In their attack these parasites do more than infest. They rob the host of nutriment, deplete the blood, wound the tissue structures and open thc door to bacterial invasion, and flood IUU the Hie sheep's nuueif & system [iyowu with iiumyim. poisonsj They work quietly, unobtrusivcly but effectively, for weeks or months! unobserved by the sheep owner. i Sheepmen Unsuspecting:- Many sheepmen fail to suspect that lossei in their flocks are due to the ravage, of intestinal parasites, because the common symptoms of unthriftiness. unaccompanied by fever running aH prolonged course, with a few animals dying at irregulkr intervals, is not? sne^tariilar spectacular enough enoueh to attiact attract atten-' ( Tf ten sheep were to die in a paddock in one day the owner's attention would be at once aUvacted, and he would no doubt take some steps to determine thc cause. On the itherl hand. if twice this number were to die in the same paddock over a period L of six months, at the rate of one or two a week, he would in all probability not become very perturbed but d r i e ^ i n ^ l / v o n ^ t ^ ^ f U " T^ere ifi ifo ifu^stfon that intestinal parasites are developing to such an extent that they are a major problem in many districts where a few years ago they were of no economic importance, These parasites, like many other pests, will continue to multiply and spread unless some definite action is taken by sheep owners to check them. A knowledge of the life cycle of intestinal parasites of sheep is essential for a proper understanding of their treatment and control. Thc sheep owner who desires to obtain the maximum return from his flock and reduce thc cost of produetion will have to lake the problem of intestinal parasites .seriously. He must bear in mind that only by adopting intelligent and systematic methods can he hope to efficiently and economically contend with such a subtle enemy. Let him ask himself what he is doing to check the multiplication of these parasites, and what he is doing to protect his sheep from their bad effects. Is he adopting . „ any . . properly . .. prepared plan of campaign against^ them or is he waiting until someone discovers a method of banishing these| parasites at one fell swoop from| sheep and pastures for good and a"-! If he is adopting the wait and see policy he is unconsciously arraigning I himself on the side of the parasites in thc attack upon the sheep and is assisting them to multiply and fortify themselves upon his property, and the day is not far distant when he will be shocked into taking some definite action which, owing to his past and present neglect, will not be as productive of results as it would be if put into operation immediately. Spread or thc Pest:—The increase and spread of intestinal parasites for many years was slow but none the loss "sure, keeping pace with the development of the sheep industry, but the point has now been reached where their increase and spread may be rapidly accomplished. The history of the sheep industry in Australia is a history of gradual j 4\. _ _ 5 chonhflfnino 1 S til All transition flora shepherding 1 flocks on large areas, to pastoral conditions consisting of large fenced areas lightly stocked, and finally to small holdings heavily stocked. This implies several things. Shep herding and pastoral conditions imply light stocking-few sheep to the square mile, a flock having a wide grazing range aiid feeding over the same ground at infrequent intervals. As settlement advanced and a demand set in for land, values rose. Mrge estates were cut up and fenced into smaller paddocks. The sheep population increased per square mile and flocks grazed over the same jrround more frequently Concomitantly the character of the floclis changed. Nondescript and indifferent animals would no longer pay for themselves. Thc sheepman's attention ' wan concentrated upon breeding sheep for their capacity to transform pasture into wool. The demand for land and values increased. Ultimately it became economically necessary to get the most out of the land. This meant still smaller holdings with smaller pad docks, sheep crowded to the carrying capacity of the land and feeding over the same area almost daily. Under the old order of shepherding and large fenced areas the parasites were unable to multiply to any great extent. They were at a distinct disadvantage. Light stocking restricted the parasites to light infestations. The infective • larva hatching from the ' egg dropped in the faeces of a sheep was unable to pursue its host over a Urge area, and had to wait until such time as the sheep again fed. oyer that spot before it could be picked/up and gain entrance to the fnteatlal tract' of its host, where it coul!F:Meyelop to maturity and pro duce.iColossBl numbers of eggs. As'fHteep became confined to smaller ctnalng areas kid increased in nuiro^s per -sijuare mile, necessitating ^eedmg over the same ground more Jl fre<juenHy, the parasites in- | The individual egg production of J he female of some species, which'c reaches an output of from twenty to] thirty thousand per day, puts thej -dds in favour of the parasites when the sheep are kept on limited areas] <eiiscIy sowed with enormous num-j btrs «f parasitical eggs. ,, . „, . Curing Tobacco: „, „ T ~ 'h Mr. G. J. Ire-• 5 en to,) ??' ur i' ."'" e*l' ert of bouth Wales and the recognised ; authority of the Commonwealth | states that there are three stages,in caring- Ihey may be stated as fol- !ows:--(l) YeHowing, (2) fixing, (3)! J illing. .lling No fixed ^formula _formula can , but " f thc following IS taken| as a basir the grower wi l, after curing ii lev fev; warns, barns. be ne aoie able to modify moany orj ori mg vaiv the process in some respects 1°, give him the desired results. SU«e:_A? soon ,R .. , . , IO . 11 at • ^ dwTn'thV'.onHi.ion point for 18 to Ma ho u 'Y- tv,o 1\. to tfc- th; i h ^ ^f;^^ '"^ ^,,^!, ™" ,1°, l ^ M Period in the "j" 8 ®. l® 8^ ;- ^ ^ I l ,c ' ,od J'-' 1 * 1 ! ,Y 1 , • , ^ 'j ^ "''^ !/ the leaf s not ye>™!m a b / h h , ou ' d > Place sacks on the Aooi; es.^^f.™,?"'^' 1 ,SfT^Um a heat; or, better still, if a bml- '?' .. , " lUoduce , . . the leaves have assumed a nice yelcolour raise the temperature degrees, at the rate of 5 deeach two hours, and keep at th l . s fij^e for some six hours. Then ' a ' s « temperature to 105 degrees and g' vo a l'. tt,e ventilation top and bottom, opening the ventilators few inches. In these directions It is presumed that the curing- room is one that has been erected in accordance with the plans supplied by the Department , .... of Agriculture. . . In such a Riding both temperature and venso as to .lotion could be eontioiled , . 1, ] J , oducc the 1,esuKs > desired, Second stage:—Having obtained Thc the temperature of 105 degrees H > U the li ' , " i , t . ed ventilation mentionfd, the conditions should be > mam. | ta '" ed ' ^'Tin ^" '"crease the temperature to HO e- lf.''^^ a" d a > ' K0 '","'ff a l e f '' e „ >«nto aboutonG-halfofthe capacity ? f ^e > ventilators, and hold at that 0 1 ' three hours. Do not raise the > temperature above 110 degrees until (jie ^ gf tJ]e leave;; ilave dl.jedi > how. f cl \ K^V R a i n .the temperato.116 degrees for six hours, giyf u » > rioo^ t 1 e " ! ad^"f „ to 120 degrees for six hours ^11 } / u " ven .Ia on > The mo.st cnt A cal > ,me ,s b j^ f^ ^ I f f 1 . 20 h " ^ e fv' s tt)0 ^ he > leaf will splotch or blister, and if t o ° ^ 't, will sponge. WI.en the s w > , ea t >' e °bsei^^^veci on the leaf temperature muft bfincreased Z degrees > and all available ventilation given; but if ventilation given as directed > there is little fear of sponging. The Third Stage:—After remaining at 120 > degrees for six hours, leave the ventilation at full, and increase the > temperature by 5 degrees every two hours to 135 degrees; beyond this do not > further increase the temperature until the blade of the leaf hai dried out > completely. Then exhaust all moisture bv raising the temperalure every hour > bv 5 degrees to 180 degrees, and gradually decrease the I ventilation until > only a verv little is j i^fi'sT'the "ton" "keen at'the Tatter temperature > uAtil the stems and j stalks have completely dried out. Ventilation plavs a > most important part 1 in successful flue-curing during the stage from 105 to > 140 degrees, andi growers should pav particular atten-j tion to this matter. > The whole pro-i cess will take five or six davs. | Extinguish the fire as soon as the tobacco is cured and open the doors and ventilators to cool it off for 241 hours. If the weather be very dryj j,,, ,nojsture content of the barn may kc increased with the aid of steam, J 0I. j,y means of water thrown on I sa(.1;s on thc ),„,.„ fl001. when the! tobacco is in a condition to handle; jwithout ,|10 ioaves breaking, it should: i,e laken dov n 011 the sticks and bulk-i n jed unt]-j t|lp g,ower is ready to gradeit and |3a](, for market as opportunity!u Our Economic Problem:—One of the most interesting and informative passing visitors to this State recently was Dr. A. E. V. Richardson, dirdepi.ec.jated exchange rate of 26 per ector of thc Waite Agricultural Research Institute of Adelaide, and a representative of the Commonwealth at the Ottawa Conference, who spent a few houiv in Perth, on his way back home. Discussing the economic position as experienced in West Australia in common with the rest of the Commonwealth he stressed the fact that most of the pastoralists and vvheatgrowers in Australia arc losing money despite the advantage of cent. - - J They t>i .. cannot i continue ii..,.. getting ^ further into debt. It is in the interest of all sections of the community that they be placed in a position to make their industries profitable. If the income from wool and wheat could be increased by forcing up prices, the way to prosperity for the primary producers would be easy. But Australian exporters cannot influence prices. The only sound alternative is to bring down production costs to thc level of world prices. He expressed the opinion that costs can be lowered, not only by tariff adjustment and other political action only, but also by increasing yields and clip^ and in avoiding losses by eradicating diseases and pests. After dealing with which would have the effect of increasing the production of wheat he passed on to matters'of especial interest, to the] South-West. He pointed out that the . application of scientific methods to| the pastoral industries will pave the j wav for considerable economic development. First, there is the reduction of losses due to disease. In the aggregate millions sterling are lost annually from thc ravages of blowfly, liver fluke, caseous lymphadenitis, braxy black disease, and intestinal parasite^ in sheep, and from tick, worm nodules, pleuro-pneumonia, abortion, and mammitis, etc., in cattle. Progress is being made by the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research in the attack on these diseases. Malnutrition of Stock:—A second source of loss is caused by malnutrition of stock. The northern areas of Australia experience summer rain-) fall, followed by a long, dry period in -winter. The green herbage grown during the rainy season is highly nutritious, but the dry herbage progressively deteriorates and loses a large portion of its nutritive value, and is abnormally low in protein and minerals. The division of animal - nutrition has demonstrated that the yield of wool may be increased by over 30 per ent, by supplementing the natural! pasture with a protein-rich concen-j trate when the pasture is dry and of low nutritive value. | In other areas mineral deficiencies in the herbage frequently occurr Lack of phosphorus is the chief trou-j ie. In the heavier rainfall. regions ,he deficiency may be overcome by I top-dressing the pasture with soluble' phosphates or by sowing drown impi.oved pastures. In arcas of light'bo each KrasSiand region, and adjusting ; M U f t ^ rainfa]j wbere economic considera-i tions do not permit topdressing, phos-j ,)hate deficiency raay be corrected bv allowing stock free access to mineral lidts. n,G practice of supplement:, )ing pafi,ul-e.s with mineral licks needs to be j,e p]aced p]ace(j on on a a Eound sound basis by by _ as- staining the mineral deficiencies in ; nsion, particularly in dairying and! 'fat lamb >«"»»> raising, is «» the «« improvement.? pastures. Regions of moderate ^ heavv^ra^nfell^0 which the bulk -/the livestock, are most suited for intensive pastu-e develop 1 ent. The basic neJ of the Restock f j obtain the maximum ount of nutritive pasture on h"fl! , ,di This involves use of the f most Productive productive tvnes types of nastm-e pasture a plants and the application of methods of management that will maintain them in a good condition. In view of the extensive experiments being conducted in deep rooted perennial grasses, clovers, and other herbage plants at Ulijugulup {Sabina River State Farm) under the care and management of Professor Patterson it is gratifying to note that Dr. Richardson warmly approved of the value of such studies. He stated that thc systematic introduction and testing of herbage plants from other countries is of great interest to Aus- tralia. Perhaps the most important phase of pasture development is the deternynation of the most productive type for each climatic and soil region in the higher rainfall country, and the methods of manuring and management which will maintain it at a high level of productivity. Increasing Carrying Capacity:— He went on to say that recent research arcas of the better rainfall country (over 25 inches) the carrying capacity may be greatly increased, at an economic cost, by ploughing the natural pasture and sowing permanent grasses and clovers with appropiate fertilisers, and that the productivity can be maintained by proper methods of management. Top-1 dressing of natural pastures increases the grass in regions of liberal rainfall. This practice has been extensively adopted, but it has limitations, because of the inherently low productive capacity of the natural species. l!«cent work has shown that the fertilisers can be used to better effect if more productive species are incorporated into the pasture sward. The dairying industry is ideally suited for intensive production, as it is conducted principally in regions of libera! rainfall and fertile soil, and by a large number of individually small units. Thc industry is entering an intensive stage of development, and the output will be largely increased when the present policies of encouraging herd testing, the use of pure-bred le's, improved methods of feeding, 'and the elimination of preventable diseas'.. give results. c j The carrying capacity of dairy country can be greatly enhanced by the more extensive use of sown pastures and thc adoption of appropi'ate methods of pasture management. This is the direction in which may look with confidence for - lowering of the costs of production and increasing our competitive power in British markets. Thc preferential jduty of 15/ per cwt. for butter accorded under the Ottawa agreement will further enhance our competitive power against foreign countries, Speaking of Australia generally as legards irrigation in the Eastern States he said that the difficulties » Gt with in irrigation settlements due o excess of soluble salts in thc soil, nsuitable varieties of fruit and vines, and unsuitable soils, over irri (gation, etc., arc being overcome, and I there lias been a continuous improvej "' ell ln tlle t quality of dried and j' 1CS ' 1 fru'ts- The London Market:—The butter position in London has not improved. Consumption remains good, as might be expected when the best Australian and New Zealand butters are being retailed at lOd. per lb., and even less in some quarters. Even this brisk consumption is not sufficient to absorb the available supplies, and stocks here are now estimated at approximately 20,000 tons. As one leading firm reports, with production in Australia and New Zaeland running well ahead of last year, buycrs feel there is no need to worry about the future. The report adds that owing to the restricted quotas and high tariffs on flie Continent, consumption is very bad, especially in Germany, so there is practically no export trade from the London market. The question of a reduction in the imports of butter is attracting much attention. Many traders consider such action desirable. Their view is expressed by "Commission Agent," writing in a trade newspaper, who says:—"There appears to be only one solution of the present low prices. If Denmark would reduce its production by 10 per cent, and cease shipping surplus quantities which are not required by the English market, prices would certainly be from 10/ to 16/ per cwt. higher. The same remark applies to the colonies." The Australian Press Association understands that no decision has yet been reached regarding the restriction of butter imports, but it was a mistake to believe that the present negotiations with the Dominions had arisen from Britain's previous nego tiations with Denmark, Argentina and other producers. The fact was that the bottom had fallen out of the market. In the interests of British producers something must be done, and restriction was the obvious • possibili ty. Sir Thomas Wilford, High Commissioner for New Zealand, is silent concerning the proposed New Zealand butter restrictions. He, however, admits that all the butter producing Dominions were recently in close touch at the Dominions' Office, ' Victorian Prices:—Wholesale quotatations for butter were reduced by 4/8 per cwt. in the Melbourne market late last week. Th new price for choicest quality is 107/4 per cwt., and the usual concessions are allowed for secondary grade. The price is the lowest quoted for many years, and is the result of a further fall 111 London market quota-) tions. Producers are now obliged toj accept very low returns, a matter which is causing concern in the m- dustry. The question of restricting exports to the United Kingdom is being considered by the Dairy Produce Export Board, together with freight contracts and other important matters effecting the industrv. During the week the Commonwealth Graders examined for export 28,173 oxes, „ , u J AJ \- i)a,rv J I ' odu «' Expnri Board Adj?. rese, ! la i lve "I tlie Uairy Produce 1^!" ""^-Quotations for butter ,n the 10 fc,i " , b - v H to . 3/ P® 1 ' ," 1 du,,n ' K «he I»st A cable ' nlussage \' ece,ve<1 fl -' Qm the London re- Export Board, Melbourne, states that £ ' t l T i S ! alted b 1!' a " d ' 0 ^"","' ' unKa,tca - u H i Uan f ," t ,„,, ?h ^tter was quo ed at 101^ per^ewt. salted ""kangast 74/ !™f 1h ^ 75/, first 76/ to 77 / Lalc - the ,,,arket for ' Austra- ,i a " 74/ Retail pric, -^amsh 1/1, and Empire butt p « Tf''. , '' " • Unsold totks of Australian consig: consignments >'<= 117,000 boxes, and the q quantity of Australian butter in Hays wharf stores is 206,000 boxes. New Zealand butter stocks are 316,000 boxes. The Market Reviewed:—A. J. Mills and Co. Ltd., London, in their yearly market report which is just to hand, state that imports of butter to Great Britain in 1932 show a marked increase over 1931, the principal Increase being from Australia and New Zealand. Total imports in 1931 were 403,000 tons, out of which the Empire contributed 49 per cent., whereas in 1932 total imports were 422,500 tons, and the Empire supplied 52 per ccnt. Denmark, notwithstanding a decrease in total exports of 8 per cent, for that year, increased her shipments to Great. Britain by 5 per cent., and retains the position as chief supplier by contributing 31 per cent, of the total imports. Owing to increased tariffs and restrictions, Germany, Prance and most other European countries have been unable to import their usual requirements of Danish and other Baltic States' butter, with the result that Great Britain has had to absorb a. larger percentage. Imports from most of the other northern European countries show a decline, which indicates that cither their production is declining or 1 hey are consuming more at home. A gratifying feature is the decline of 20 per cent, in the imports from Russia, Germany and Holland, with thc object of raising thc price of their own production, have recently introduced legislation that a minimum of 10 per ccnt. of home produced butter be used in the manufacture of margarine. This should absorb considerable quantities, jflnd may enable these countries to become larger importers in future. During the last two years total im ports of butter have grown by 24 per cent, and this enormous increase in quantity could only have been consumed by reducing the retail price and increasing consumption at the expense of margarine. Consumption continues to expand. In 1931 the ;onsnmption averaged 7325 tons weekly, increasing last year to 7750 and ^J 0 company estimates that Ju i ' ln F t he last two months consumption lias averaged 8200 tons weekly Australia and New Zealand have both shown a tremendous increase in production so far this season, which accounts for thc record monthly import for December of 42,000 tons. The quality of both Australian and New Zealand butter has been satisfactory, and the outlets are continually expanding, partcularly in the midlands and North of England, so that it can. now be said that Empire butter is being sold in every city, town and village in the United Kingdom. Sydney Prices:—During the week the Commonwealth Graders examined for export 14,532 boxes In the same period 103,039 boxes of salted and 12,182 boxes of unsalted butter were 'graded in Australia for export. Benefits from the recent rains are still reflected in the various dairying districts of New South Wales and the output is expanding. There is still a large surplus of low grades for export. Price 114/6 per cwt. Queensland Prices;—During the week the Commonwealth Graders examined 38,881 boxes for export. There are indications of rain of a general nature and production is increasing steadily in all districts. South Australian Prices:—Production of butter continues at satisfactory levels for this time of the year, and cooler weather conditions have assisted the manufacture of choicest butter, but it is still necessary to Im port some choicest butter from Victoria to keep local demands for this grade satisfied. Values are to-day unaltered, but the news from London is not encouraging, and the market, still remains in a weak, unsettled condition, with heavy arrivals, for which there is iio immediate sale, because consumption in the United Kingdom is below the quantity coming forward. If values do not recover, an adjustment of prices here seems inevitable, but every effort is being made to keep prices steady. During the week the Commonwealth Graders examined for export 3,755 boxes of butter and 722 crates of cheese. Another advice states: In South Australia production is declining ra pidly, especially in choicest grades, and larger importations are necess ary. 