ivTirfiPCT iv» v a purDc • , OF imfcictoi ru r AUMbKb . . . . „ . I week' in Perth wm-Bulk l/T net cash with order; 1/2 booked. Pate 1/li net cash with order; l/2i bool^d. One Shilling and One Ptenny for Whole Milk-—The Milk Board have " started operations with an announce- l ment that 1/1 will be paid for whole milk, for the metropolitan area. An expert discussing this matter With the vericultural representative of this papa during the week remarked that this payment was equivalent on a 4 per cent buttei>fat content to 2/7 per Jb. for butter-fat; He wished the Board every luck. Swedish Cream Exports to Great Britain:—We are indebted to Messrs. Malbch Bros, for the following extract from "The Times" London, 28/12/33 as follows:—An export bounty on Swedish cream, as part of a general scheme enacted by the last Swedish Government to assist Swedish farmers, is aparently encouraging substantial shipments to Great Britain as an alternative to equiva- lent butter exports, whose volume has been influenced "by the Ottawa Agreements. , The law provides, for the payment of a bounty on the export of butter finanaed by a small duty on milk sold to consitaer. Thisduty is estimated to yield 10,000,000 kronor annually, thereby permitting the payment of a bounty on all butter exported from Sweden: .The law has now been extended to encourage exports of cream from Sweden, and by aid of , the I bounty a certain amount tof export business is being built up, chiefly! to Great Britain: It has been found here that the butter duty in Great Britain, as the result of the Ottawa Agreements, amounts to about 2d. a pound on the present price. The duty on milk and cream was not touched at Ottawa and remains at 10 per cent. It has been calculated that the duty and freight on cream are lower than, the duty on butter, and that therefore it is more profitable i to export cream, particularly as the) Government has agreed to pay almost the same bounty on exports of cream j as it does on butter. The butter . produced from this Swedish cream is,, in England stamped as being British! roduce and fetches a considerably j Sigher price than the imported com- j modity. . "Hie Quality of Our Butter:—Durin* a recent informative analysis of the' present butter position which was made by Mr. Baron Hay, the Superintendent of Dairying, he stat-j ed that there were several important considerations which had been brought into existence by the increase in production. The immediate effect of that increase was to constitute j the necessity for the export of but-j ter. That factor affected all factor-1 ies and all producers, because it] brought the matter of quality into the manufacture of the West Aus-j tralian article. From newspaper dis-l cussions which had taken place dur-' ing the last eighteen months, and in fact ever since this State had enter- ' ed the field as an exporting State there had been considerable heartburnings in certain directions as to the efforts and means which could be j devised whereby the quality of our'w butter could be improved. It was essential tijjat such an improvement' should take place because it meant; that as a result every producer would! receive more for his product than had ! been the case in the past. He would 1 point out that this contention even' applied to the local market, for their j experience had been that the East-' ern States butter commanded from! Id. to lid. per lb. in our own market' more than the local butter. All sorts! o£ arguments had been advanced tol account for this unnatural position.' It has been stated for instance that' it was impossible for West Austra- j lian butter to be manufactured of an; even quality to compare with the! Eastern states product because they; did not possess the pastures to en-1 able this to be done. That was not . tive. Such a statement would not: bear close investigation and could be refuted. He was hopeful that they | would be able to manufacture butter here of a quality that would compare j with anything that could be produc-1 ed in any other State. Some months ' ago the Department as the result of inost careful consideration realised that the question of the quality of our own buter was fatal to the welfare of the industry, and inevitably would lose the industry and the State money.- As a matter of fact when the whole of the State was taken into consideration it became evident that the position was not as St should be through butter being manufactured other than equal to the best. The Department therefore determined to find ways and means whereby the quality could be improved. Kikuyu Grass Condemned:—After hearing Dr. Dunne's address at Harvey, on different grasses and pasture management, one of those present remarked that some time ago he sue ceeded in getting a few roots of kikuyu grass which he had planted. As a result he was now happy to say that he secured nearly half an acre of kikuyu grass, with the results from which, he was more than satisfied. Dr. Dunne stated that he had not made any experiments with ki- ;faiyu grass for the reason that to 1dm it appeared that while this parirnlar grass was a rapid grower there was too much waste to make a general proposition out of it. He had noticed that kikuyu grass under grazing grew too much stem to be ji, first class fodder while paspalum <H» the other hand was all foliage. He was hopeful to get further information-on the point. Up to date it ap-h peared to him that there was a big P ercent ?& e of stem which meant that a lot of good was being taken from 1 the soil and going into stem when to' be a first class pasture it should go^ into leafage. j Mr. Inspector of^the -Agricultural Bank stationed at Har- ™y. mentioned at this stage that t some timeagoan analysis of kikuyu ™ 8 published by Mr. Sutton and ' de ® ons^t^. that .the component P arts of this pasture were almost < identical with lucerne when put up. • . • . ^ . J! * ie Director of Agriculture stated tte analysis was made at thej (Chapman experimental farm but it. had to be remembered that the dimate obtaining there was quite differ-! ent to that of Harvey. From his re-i collection he would say that the ki-j kuyu grown there was more leafy j than the kikuyu- which they had inspected that day. He had to admit that in the past he had been a keen ad-' vocate of kikuyu but his advocacy of j that pasture had been lessened by what; he hadfseen that diay. The position; as they had seen it was just as Dr.) Dunne had pointed out. It was im-i possible to think that 'the kikuyu, which they had inspected was as good, as what Jiad been claimed for this j particular pasture hitherto. It could j not be said that the stems which they had seen in such quantities indicated { a good pasture, or that they contained as high a percentage of protein as would have been contained by a} more leafy growth. Under these cir-j cumstances kikuyu could not be claim- { 3 ( l to be as valuable, as paspalum ' w hich was so leafy. ] Dr. Dunne commenting upon the; statement which had been made byj Mr. Johnston said that the analysis!e of plants was not always reliable, asii plant life reacted to the conditions under which is was grown, the fertilisers which were used and in gerier a l to its environment. Thus, for instance, it had been found that by feedi n & plants heavily with nitrogen the protein content of the plant could be boosted up. Two Entirely Different Opinions:— A correspondent from the Pinjarra district sends the following strong criticism of the personnel of -the Metropolitan Milk Board. He states that he cannot understand the Minister of Agriculture ,Mr. Ferguson, in making the appointments in question. The chairman, Mr. T. H. Wilson, was at one time, it is true Hie President of the Royal Agricultural Society, but he is «. Gitf man., pure and simple, and his association with the land is comprised in the fact that he owns a wheat farm on the Midland Railway. Mr. F. E. Gibson, the Mayor of Fremantle, is, so our correspondent understands, a chemist by profession; Mr. Kirton, who at one time was the member for Fremantle is a journalist by training, and it will be generally understood that his nomination was a graceful tribute to the Labour Party, a fact which will be fully appreciated by the Primary Producers. The actually selected representatives of the producers were the second and third choices of the different primary producers Associations; but in wmVing those recommendations, it should be remembered that the first choices ere emphasised by the different Organisations as expressing the emphatic wishSs of- the nominating bodies. These men were disregarded, The men passed over - included such practical hard headed men as J. Abernethy the well known dairyman of Byford; Wm. Taylor of Mundijong, another dairyman; S. Russell of Serpentine: J. D. Smith of Waroona; Roy Hayward of Harvey and Denis Keane. These men'are leaders in the producing industry in their respective districts, and they were all passed over, and second preferences selected. The agricultural representative of this paper during the course of a brief chat with Mr. Roy Hayward,, the President of the Harvey Agricultural Society sounded that gentleman upon his opinion as to the represents-j tive character or otherwise of the Board. He said he thought it was an excellent selection and the Minister was to be commended upon the choice which he had made. The <»bair«n a n had wide practical, commercial and executive experience; Mr. Gibson who had been Mayor of Fremantle for so many years rightly possessed the confidence of the people. He thought Mr. Eirton's appointment as a consumers representative would be widely approved and the producers representatives had the full confidence of the producers throughout the supplying districts. Altogether he thought the selection was wise and adequate and he had heard nothing but ap>proval expressed concerning the men picked out to administer a very difficult business. Fairbridge Farm School:—The at tention of the Committee of th* Fairbridge Farm School has been directed to a letter published in your issue; of January 20, from one of your cor-j respondents in the Murray District, to which I am directed to reply. ~ I Your correspondent claims to have { been an enthusiastic supporter of the' scheme. This interest I take it,' would not have been aroused without some intimate knowledge of our! worfc, and it would have been perhaps! fairer to the Farm School if he had personally satisfied himself—which; it would have been quite easy for him' to do—as to the accuracy of the in- ' formation, in which case I am sure i he would not have been impelled to even suggest that the Farm is oper-' ating "detrimentallly to West Aus-' tralia's rising generation." i In the first place we have ample evidence that the Fairbridge children do not interfere with the chances of other children obtaining employment. The number of applications we receive are inded far in excess of thej number we can supply, and so farj as the question of wages goes, the fol-j lowing figures may be of interest. We' have out at employment 348 children at an average wage of 12/3 witb keep. (FuIl details of the amount paid to each child are available.) Never at any time have boys been allowed, out at anything like 2/ or 2/6, and the suggestion that this slender amount also includes keep, is of course too absurd for words. In five cases only ave the wages paid fallen below 7/6 per 'week, and in these particular cases there were special compensating circumstances, Another point which has been rais-l ed is the question of the following upj of the children's movements in the! future, pe system of Aftercare provided by Fairbridge, involving as it does* regular reports from employiersregularcorr^pondence^ththe children, and regular visits by Aftercare offieers, has beenprqnoimced by the Oversea Settlement Committee as the most satisfactory in existence In a ny part of the world where British children have • been' immigrated. Your correspondent is : of course not aware—and It is just as well that the public of Western Australia should know—that Fairbridge children brought out from England represent to W.A., an aggregate sum equal to £175 per head] It is hardly j possible to estimate the economic) value to West Australia of these) transfers of money* and in respect of j which it must be remembered that nothing in the way of interest or dividends go out of the country. Another thing which must be realised is the fact that the Fairbridge Farm children are in fact West Australians. They enjoy that status from the moment they set fopt upon our shores and are therefore entitled to be regarded in exactly the same way as West Australian born child- .ren- In conclusion, Colonel Heath andi the Committee would extend a wel-j come to the Farm School to anyone! interested, and would be pleased to j produce all records pertaining to the employment of children and to fully ; explain the system employed with re-1 gard to their aftercare. Heresayj vidence is seldom satisfactory, and; n this case is far from correct.—j Yours faithfully? A. F. Stowe, Secretary. | i The Vita-Lick Lamb Competition:! If the maximum results are to be ob-j tained when giving a mineral supplement in Western Australia, it is ab-J solutely essential that the lick be fedj during the winter period for the fol-j lowing reasons:— j (1) More results per unit of o'ut-i lay are obtained from giving ewes during the gestation period and young growing lambs a mineral lick than any other: type of stock. In Western Australia this period is the winter. (2) Continuous application of a mineral supplement winter and summer means economy. (3} Absolute prevention of diseases. caused by mineral deficiency which occur in Western Australia during the summer j months, can only be prevented really successfully by giving! Lick in the winter time, thus if enabling the sheep to enter the more deficient period (the • summer) with a positive mineral balance. Vita-Lick Ltd. state these are scientific facts which are borne out in practice and in order to bring these points forcibly before the Western Australian stockowners, and as a gesture of confidence in their opinion, they are offering £100 in cash prizes for the best lambs sent forward to Midland Junction during August, September and October. There is no entrance fee and all lambs are eligible for the competition provided they comply with the following conditions:— (1) Th&t; the ewes have been on a Vita-Lick Mineral Supplement from April 1 until the lambs are weaned. (2) That the lambs have had our Lick from birth until marketed. (3) That the lick is given in properly constructed troughs so that the essential mineral elements are not washed out; when it rains. Entries for this Competition close on April 1 ,1933 and further information in reference to the competition can be obtained from Messrs. Goldsborough, Mort & Co. Ltd., who are running this competition in association with Vita-Lick Limited, A Change of Mind:—Speaking at Harvey on the question of mineral licks the Director of Agriculture, Mr. Sutton said that during the last few weeks the Department had received letters from correspondents in the country to the effect that the officers of the Department were wrong in recommending Di-Calcic Phosphate.. It has been stated that they had no scientific authority justifying the stand they had taken. One of the reasons given why they should not make the recommendation is that Di-; Calcic Phosphate is made from min-i eral phosphate whereas it is contended that the Di-Calcic Phosphate made in South Africa is made from bonemeal. Such a contention, remarked the Director, is a pare banality. Another statement which had been put forward to throw discredit upon the recommendation of the Department was that four or five years ago he personally recommended that farmers should use Formula C which consisted of crude Dicalcic Phosphate and rode phosphate. Now it was said that he had changed his mind, and furthermore it was actually alleged that a man who changed his mind should be disregarded because he was unreliable. He did not agree with that contention. If he ever made a statement and subsequently found that his information, was incorrect, or his conclusions wrong, or had misnterpreted the information which he had to hand, then he had always taken the first available opportunity to rectify the erroneous impression which he had created. If on the other hand something better was discover-' ed which superseded some course of action that had previously been in vogue, then he had never hesitated to recommend that a change of policy ! or action should be made accordingly. He would illustrate the course which he had taken by saying that it j'was well- known in the Wiheat Belt _ that for many years he had recom- ; mended a rotation of operations as foijows: fallow, wheat, stubble, fallow, and so on. As a result of some . years of experiment and experience jthey had found certain defects in I this cycle and last October he an- Jnounced to 1,200 people who had at- .tended a field day at Merredin that • in his opinion this cycle was wrong and he took the opportunity of re- ; medying it. Mr. Sutton said lie would 'always change his mind if he found that he was wrong. But in the instance under review it so happened ;that he had not changed his mind. : i mi. n mi i The Proof:—Three years ago in a short ^article ' Phosphatic Licks for j Stock" published in the Journal of | Agriculture {December 1928), when referring to the ne«i of a suitable i phosphate for licks in Western Australia, he^ wrote _ It is believed that this will be supplied in the future by a_ specially prepared precipitated cal-j cium phosphate. This belief had now been realised and in response to a request from the Department the Cuming Smith Mount Lyell Fertiliser Coy were manufacturing a high grade dicalcium phosphate suitable for use in the preparation of phosphatic, stock licks and are placing the same . on the market. I I rhowii.* nnnoo- Tko n;.o.t n i. a S i I S ™ ! ! £ c ^ «T A ' l c ^ • f r n ^ w h i K w ™ i , f f l ? t n ftoS wK, had lot tfrtS^'J^?' a I S i ! 1 ^ n ^ e f e ifa^^riSKo?^r ! h K i T f J w 3 fJfthvh^l' p ^ t l u I^LJlt ZTr-t iUke ^ete^otrfor t W mineraV WitueS^Sch^Un essential for I ^ S L ^ f S a M an animal would go for a long period drawing upon the reserve contained] tin his own bones until the deficiency: ;of minerals from which he was suf-1 tering had reached an advanced. stage, indeed this process would go] on for possibly a year or more.' After an animal had reached the bone chewing stage it was two years! :Or more before the reserve of miner- 'al elements which were essential to life and well being were restored fully. This had been proved as theresult of repeated and sustained experiments which had proven that j a r e ?f ml lf, dr-calcic^ lick^ for months if cattle "" were taken * oft the lick for a fortnight they would rejvert to their bone and bark chewing • habits. A t . , TT t U Ser M^ ISJSSHJS^w ^ : f + r / I w i n ^ ^ ^ l ^ • \ he T It^f successful' L l ^ S ^ r j 11111 ; 1 : but possessed possibly the finest Shorthorn dairy herd in the Common wealth is using di-calcie U^k almost entirely and was most satisfied with the improvement which he had observed in "his stock .in consequence. Quite apart from the theory which had been advanced as to tbe advantageous results which would accrue ifrom the use of di-calcic lick the practice of its application had been shown |to give good results. Pasture Problems:— Dp. Dunne, speaking last Thursday evening at Harvey said he had been guided, in connection with any work which he had attempted to do at Harvey, by the pastures which he found in ex istence there, when he took up his jtask, and from what he 3 ; ad learned I in the course of conversations which (he had had with the farmers with i whom he had come in contact. He j hoped in the future that the farmers land those interested in the progress Jof the district would not hesitate to I bring their problems a^d experiences ito him, as it went without saying that the more information he could obtain the more he would be seized with those problems which were the most pressing in the district. Judging by what he had seen up to date he would say that the pastures in the Harvey district consisted almost entirely of paspalum and subterranean clover. These pastures would give plenty of feed during the summer months. Tbe position that had to be faced in that particular area was how to effectively carry the stock over when the warmer weather concluded, and until the commencement of spring. Their problem was to bridge the gap extending over May, June, and July. As a' means of overcoming this difficulty he was turning to the English perennial grasses, but his experiments had not gone sufficiently (far to enable him to say whether any- • thing suitable was in sight to enable the 'gap he had indicated to be bridged. To 'sum the position up in a sentence, it might be said that their trouble was to get a winter growing grass. The reason for the difficulty was obvious. Respiration or breathuig goes on in plants just the same as in the human family. But in the case of humans jthe difficulty was not so acute, as! ! there was a certain amount of heat j i-n the human body which kept them going. But in plant life they were j assisted by no such factor. All the ! warmth that was observable in plant [life was generated by atmospheric j conditions. Under the circumstances ,'in view of this difficulty the thing to jdo was to find out those plants that ;held out the longest. It might be . that they would not be able to get | actual growth but if they could find ; something that would hold over the ' summer and come away when the j paspalum died off they'would have, 'secured a definite advance as against j ;what they were up against for the moment. Lotus Major:—In matters agricultural it is extraordinary how in the same district and even in the same! locality farmers will disagree as to 1 the qualities of certain pasture, and! indeed in regard to almost all ques- j t^ons of farming policy and practice. • This was made evident once more at! I the recent most instructive meeting] j which was held at Harvey when the j I qualities of Lotus Major were brought I up at the instance of Mr. Clavton, {and resulted in quite an illuminating' discussion showing that while some farmers were highly in favour of that particular legume others would not have it on their minds. Dr. Dunne said that he had not experimented with Lotus Major up to the present; but it was his intention to plant some] of it in connection with" the experiments which he was making this year. Mr. Clayton said he had tried'c some of it and his experience was that on heavier soil it beat the subterranean clover. Mr. Baron Hay stepped into the discussion with a comment, at the instance of another speakei-, on Slender Birdsfoot treefoil. The Superintendent of Daiiiying said that the scientific name for this was Lotus Hispodotus. It had the drawback of being an annual. It was not relished! as a pasture as much as Drooping Headed Clover, but thrived in heavier soils and on c ' a yP ans - There was srreat difficulty in getting true Lotus seed, that is, true in every sense, to the variety which the purchaser thought he was buying. As a matter of fact the Department had such great difficulty in this respect that finally thev had to send to Germany before they could .be sure that they were getting what' they paid for Another speaker said he planted three pounds of Lotus, Major on three acres and at the pre-, sent time this had so spread that he! ^ad lO afcres altogether. He attri-1 buted the spread of the pasture to' the cattle. Another settler remarked. that at one time he had sown the' whole of his land with Lotus Hispo-j dotus but his experience was that it practically died away and he had o m e t0 the ^elusion that it was not s^table to the district. One or two others s P° ke about an ' equal I teinfT in favour of this particular pasture, and the others gainst M * r Baron - H said tbe f *y eas M why the i /\ sture had disa P~ b eared on some of the properties was that the cattle ha d Possibly eaten it out. ; g ™ s ™ s T 5^ possible as they eat;t the b , Urr ' ^ / ^ o n why subterran- i able to get at the burr which was ^ der the ordinary foliage of the plant. ! P ^ ' The Cost of Herd Testing:—The' Superintendent of Dairying, Mr. G.' K. BaroR Hay explained at Brunswick' that to constitute a herd testing unit . it was necessary to have not less than 12 farmers and not more than 23. The cost of the test was 2/6 per cow. 1 1/3 being paid at the commencement: of the season and 1/3 later on. The' actual cost to the Department was' from 8/ to 12/ per cow, the balance! between the 2/6 paid by the farmer and the actual cost of the service be-; ing defrayed by the Commonwealth . Bank and £he State Government. Un-: der this system the cows were' tested every month by an official, who after he test had been completed gave the-T ^nner a daily record. He also works'g ° ut and Sives to the farmer every month a statement as to what the 11 has produced during that month. D connection with the system a record is also kept of the feed consum- ! ed by the cows, and a record <of their sires. The latter information was invaluable to intending purchasers of stock as showing which stud herds were throwing heifers that produced well. One of the undertakings into | which a farmer entered when he, joined a herd testing unit was that he would not use a bull whose moth-] er was a grade cow. There were, of • course, exceptional producers among, cross bred cows, but it was recog- ! nised as the result of repeated ex-. periments that you cannot get an average cross bred herd to produce; as much as pure bred stock. One. other condition went with joining a 1 herd testing unit, and that was that! the farmer undertook to find, accom- ] modation for the tester for the night on which he was on the farm. . ( A Matter of Temperature:—During; the course of his address at Bruns-! wick the Superintendent of Dairying i remarked that one of the outstanding; results of herd testing was thatdairymen learned conclusively which j cows were worth feeding and which were not. Mr. Shine, who was in the't audience, remarked at the conclusion of the address that during the sum-'; mer months you could feed cows how • you liked, but you could not get the same return in milk that you would' obtain during the cooler months of the year. Mr. Hay said he did not'm agree with this. If it were so how ; did Mr. Shine account for Mr. Burgess's herd at York which averaged just the same no matter whether • the months were hot or cold. Mr. Shine: Oh he gets £50 for a few months' old 'bull. Mr. Baron Hay said he could not see what that had to do with it. j The price paid for the bulls made no (difference to the milfe production of the ows. You don't milk the bulls, you milk the cows, remarked the Superintendent of Dairying in a conversational tone to Mr. Shine, amid a ripple of laughter. In the past continued Mr. Hay, dairymen had milked in the flush of the season and laughed at the man who fed his stock during the hot weather. They were, however, not correct in their point of view. If cows were correctly fed they would remain in milk no matter when they calved. He admitted, however, that it was more costly to maintain stock in milk during the hot and dry months of the year. But difficulties of this character had had to be surmo*unted in other countries . where the. difficulties were far more acute than was the casi in this State, There were countries for instance where they had to hand feed their animals for 150 days out of the year, and yet tHey practised dairying thefa with success. If animals were provided with good silage there was no variation of the milk flow. The queution of cost was, of course, another thing. That was a matter for each individual farmer to determine. Could he make silage cheap enough to feed his stock during the lean months of the year? If he could then there was no question about the milk flow. It was a matter for each individual farmer to decide for himself. Mr. Shine: still maintain that it is impossible for cows to be milked in the hot Weather such as we experienced, a ew weeks *S° the samTas they can e in the cool weather. Mr. Stanley, another Brunswick farmer, also arued that cows milked in cool weaher would produce better results than animals milked under conditions which a \- - k s ago. Bridging the Gap:—The one difficult question which is occupying the minds of those dairymen who want to work their properties to the utmost advantage is how to bridge the gap of the three lean months of the dairying year. This problem was approached by the Superintendent of Dairying when speaking atrBrunswick' recently. He said that as far as the Brunswick farmers were concerned their operations would shortly be greatly changed by the introduction of irrigation. During the first year he took it that no attempt would be made to lay down permanent pastures under the new conditions but that they would content themselves with" annual crops which would carry them over the difficulty for the time being. he two grasses which seemed to ive the best results undeTirrigation at Harvey were paspSum Sd kikuyu. It had been found that White utch Clover worked with advantage into this pasture and even Subter ' " ranean clover had been utilised with advantage. He thought he might detail the efforts which had been made., by other setlers in the South-Wtest to bridge over those three difficult months upon which thfey were jt^ien entering. Mr. D. Bevan of Serpentine had 10 acres of irrigable land, which he uses to carry his herd over the early part of the Reason. He irrigates the land in February. It was laid down with couch and kikuyu, and he obtained sufficient grazing to carry over his stock for the next two or three months. It might be said that in his case he had overcome the problem of the lean period by irrigation, Mr. M. L. Clifton told him that he bad planted sufficient maize which he hoped would carry him over to June.- Mr. Bee, of Keysbrook, relies upon silage. He grows maize which he lays down in silage and finds the resuit very satisfactory. As a matter of fact the problem -of carrying over those troublesome months was one that had to be faced by each fanner in his own individual way. He would suggest that it was a good thing to consult other men and find out what hey were doing, and then either follow their example or it might be th\t their methods were capable of being improved upon. They should look around, and visit each other and find out what would suit their conditions best. A suggestion had just been ade to him that early oats was a (Continued on Page 2.) FARMING NOTES — (Continued from Page 1.) . , way out of the difficulty. The sugestion was an excellent one. f prey Rose had followed this course Mr. with success for some time. "Choicest" Butter:—Following the recent excellent address by the Su-j perintendent of Dairying at Bruns-j wick Mr. Kasten asked the question 'Who apportioned the id. per lb. which is the difference paid between Choicest and first firade butter under the existing arrangement? The Su perintendent of Dairying in reply said that the Departmertt had no say in the actual price paid. Their only connection with the matter was in seeing that the Dairying Industries Act should be administered. The Act in question stipulated that a variation in price should be paid as between the different grades of butter-fat, but the actual price was fixed at a meet ing of the Butter and Bacon Manufacturers Association which took place each month, it was significant that although the difference between choice and first grade was only id. the difference between the first and second grade was 30 per cent. There ttras a time when it had been 50 per rent. The matter was not a question lor interference by the Government; and he would point out that since the principal Company operating in the Butter manufacturing business was a co- operative concern the question of price was one - which the shareholders themselves could, and Should decide, Mr. Kasten said he thought the Act should be altered, as the position, as it stood to-day, was ridiculous. Mr. Baron Hay: I agree that it is ridiculous, but I have not the power to say anything in the matter and neither has the Department. If Id. difference as between "choice" and "first grade" was" stipulated, or even if the difference was id. it would make a great alteration in the position. As the position is to-day provided a 'aWiflChtiat rate is paid I have no gbviuaL^p- say what the difference sBall oe. An Agfostological Question:—Mr, Stanley, $ farmer in the Brunswick district, 4eMr$jir a little information from, the Superintendent of Dairying at die recent Brunswick meeting. Bis trouble was to know what to do with his pasturage betewen May and .June. The position was that bis cows got a quart of water with every bite of grass during those months.-He'.wanted to know from-the Superintendent what he%ould do-ulider those circumstances. said the position seemed rather a difficult one as it had been put to him. Speaking off hand he would say that it wag impossible to grow grass upder such conditions. That is to say if there was so much . surplus water. He thought' the question was one that would be better asked of Dr. Dunne, the agrostological expert, who was to have been thelfe. that evening but was prevented from being - present. Dr. Dunne was carrying out a number of experiments at Harvey and from those experiments he under stood thk? Cwouid'da^ "such "^nelusions as would enable him to proceed with further experiments. It however, took time to advise with certainty, and he did not think Dr. Dunne would venture an opinion after experimenting for one year. Intestinal Parasites of Sheep :— Mr. H. A. Veron, Director Research Laboratories, Vita-Lick Ltd., writes: Do Sheepinen generally ,. appreciate the tremendous mortality and reduced efficiency occasioned by intestinal parasites of sheep. Do they realise the value and importance of adopting intelligent and systematic methods in combating' these profit robbing enemies of the sheep industry? One often wonders whether they do, when one sees so many obviously wormy flocks and is conversant with the- trust in providence attitude adopted by so many sheepmen in regain to the treatment and control of these ^ parasites. How" much loss do these parasites ( occasion? It is only possible to ans-| wer this question in a general way, as we have but little data with numbers of flocks extending over a period of years from which to calculate actual loss. The writer* knows a number of properties in different States of the Commonwealth upon which the losses of young sheep between the ages of 2 months and 2 tooth, exceeds 10 per tent., and in some instances in certain seasons exceeds 20 per cent. Apart from these deaths which undoubtedly reach enormous figures, a tremendous loss to the sheep industry is occasioned, by intestinal parasites. Stich loss may be expressed in terms of hindered growth and development Of lambs and young growing sheep, thus necessitating more time and feed for the animals to reach maturity and the stage of maximum profitable return; * reduced wool production and natural increase; loss of condition and consequent delay in marketing sheep intended for slaughter; and lowered resistance to other diseases. These are only some of the losses occasioned by intestinal parasites, but under existing space limits will serve as illustrations without further elaboration of evidence or statistical matter. In testinal parasites do not attack singly, they operate in mass forma tion and are frequently found as mixed infestations. In a single sheep as many, as six or more different species of parasites may be found. jji their attack these parasites do more than infest. They rob the host of nutrijnent, deplete-, the blood, wound the .tissue structures and open the door to bacterial invasion, and flood the sheep's system with poisons. They work quietly, unobtrusively, but effectively, for weeks or months unobserved by the sheep owner. Sheepmen Unsuspecting:— Many sheepmen fail to suspect that losses in their flocks are due to the ravages of intestinal parasites, because the common symptoms of unthriftiness, unaccompanied by fever running prolonged course, with a few animals dying at irregular intervals, is not spectacular enough to attract attention. If ten sheep were to die in a paddock in one day the owner's attention would be at once attracted, and he would no doubt take some steps to determine the cause. On the other hand, if twice this number were to die in the same paddock over a period of six months, at the rate of one or two a week, he. would in all proba- bility not become very perturbed but accept the loss as inevitable and due to something beyond his control. There is no question that intestinal parasites are developing to such an extent that they are a majsr problem ja many districts where a few years aga they were of no economic im- HOrtance. These pargsites, like many. other pest s wiiI continue to ' multiply and spread unless some definite (action is taken by sheep owners to j check them. ! A knowledge of the life cycle of ini testinal parasites of sheep is essent; a i - for a pi . op ev understanding of their treatment and control, | The sheep owner : obtain the maximum _ ____ flock and reduce the cost of produc tion will have to take, the problem of intestinal parasites seriously. He must bear in mind that only by adopting intelligent and systematic methods can he hope to efficiently and economically contend with such subtle enemy. Let him ask himself what he is doing to check the multiplication of these parasites, and what he is doing to protect his sheep from their bad effects. Is he adopting any properly prepared plan of campaign against them or is he waiting until someone discovers a method of banishing these parasites at one fell swoop from sheep and pastures for good and all. If he is adopting the wait and see policy he is unconsciously arraigning himself on the side of the parasites' in the attack upon the sheep and is assisting them to multiply and fortify themselves upon his property, and the day is not far distant when he will be shocked into taking some definite action which, owing to his past and present neglect, will not be as productive of results as it would be if put into operation immediately. „ . m . Spread of the Pest:—The increase and spread of intestinal parasites for many years was slow but none the less sure, keeping pace with the development of the sheep industry, but; the point has now been reached where! their increase and spread may be rapidly accomplished. The history of the sheep industry in Australia is a history of gradual transition from shepherdipg small flocks on large areas, to pastoral conditions consisting of large fenced areas lightly stocked, and finally'to small holdings heavily stocked. This implies several things. Shepherding and pastoral conditions imply light stocking-few sheep to the square mile, a flock having a wide grazing range and feeding over the same ground at infrequent intervals. , As settlement advanced and a deband set in for land, values rose, targe estates were cut up and fenced into smaller paddocks. The sheep population increased per square mile and flocks grazed over the same ground more frequently Concomitantly the character of . the flocks changed., .Nondescript and in different animals . would no longer pay for themselves. The sheepman's attention was concentrated upon breeding sheep for their capacity to transform pasture into wooL The demand for land and values increased. Ultimately it became economically necessary to get the most out of the land. This meant still smaller holdings with smaller paddocks, sheep crowded to the carrying capacity of the land and feeding over the same area almost'daily. Under the old order of shepherding and large fenced areas the parasites Un extent. a £L They e were at a distinct J dis ^ 1 advantage. Light stpeking restricted the parasites to light infestations. The infective larva hatching from the egg dropped in the faeces of aj sheep was unable to pursue its host; over a large area, and had to wait until such time as the sheep again fed over that spot before it could be picked up and gain entrance to the Ujtestial tract of its host, where it could develop to maturity and pro duce colossal numbers' of eggs. As sheep became confined to small er grazing areas and increased in numbers per squai-e mile, necessitating feeding over the same ground more frequently, the parasites increased. The individual egg production of the female of some species, which reaches an output of from twenty to thirty thousand per day, puts thel odds in favour of the parasites when! the sheep are kept on limited areas j densely sowed with enormous num-j bers of parasitical eggs. ,,, . n, n T __„ H Curing Tobacco:—Mr. G. J. Tregenna, the tobacco expert of New South Wales and the recognised authority of the Commonwealth states that there are three stages in curing. 'They may be stated as follows:—(1) Yellowing, (2) fixing, (3) killing. No fixed formula can be g;ven, but if the following is taken as a basis the grower will, after curing a few barns, be able to modify or vary the process in some respects to give him the^ desired results. The First Stage:—As soon as the barn is full, close the building rigl£ up, start the fire going, and bring the temperature up to 90 degrees Fahr. Keep it at this point for 18 to 36 hours, according to the condition of the leaf, limiting the time to the; shorter period in the case of leaf that is quit ripe, and allowing the full period when the leaf is not so well matured. If the leaf is not yellowing as it should, place sacks on the floor and soak them with" water to produce a moist heat; or, better still, if a boiler is handy introduce steam. When the leaves have assumed a nice yellowish' colour Taise the temperature to 100 degrees, at the rate of 5 degrees each two hours, and keep at this figure for some six hours. Then raise the temperature to 105 degrees and give a little ventilation top and bottom, opening the ventilators few inches. In these directions it is presumed that the curing-room is one that has been erected in accordance with the plans supplied by the Department of Agriculture, In such a building both temperature and ventilation could be controlled so as to produce the results desired. The Second Stage:—Having obtained the temperature of 105 degrees with the limited ventilation mention ed, the conditions should be maintained for three or four hours. Then increase the temperature to 110 degrees, and also increase the ventillation to about one-half of the capacity of the ventilators, and hold at that for three hours. Do not raise the temperature above 110 degrees until the tips of the leaves have dried, however. \- Next, again raise the temperature to 115 degrees for six hours, givne full ventillation, and then again aavane'e" iav to" 120 degrees for six hours! with full ventilation. The most Cri-| tical time is between 110 degrees and 120 degrees. If the heat is too fast! the leaf will splotch or blister, and if too slow it will sponge. When the sweat can be observed on the leaf, and it will not go off at once, the temperature must be increased rapidly by 10 degrees, and all available ventilation given; but if ventilation is given as directed there is little fear of sponging. The Third Stage:—After remaining at 120 degrees for six hours, leave ive ventilation at full, and increase the temperature by 5 degrees every I two hours to 135 degrees; beyond thisj do not further increase the tempera.-1 ture until the blade of the leaf has] dried out completely. Then exhaust! all moisture by raising the tempera.- { left at the top. Keep at the latter l temperature until the stems and. stalks have completely dried out. Yentilation plays a most important part m successful flue-curing during the stage from 105 to 140 degrees, and frowers should pay particular atten-j lion to this matter. The whole prom cess will take five or six days. Extinguish the fire as soon as the tobacco is cured and open the doors and ventilators to cool it off for 24 hours. If the weather be very dry { the moisture content of the barn may | be increased with the aid of steam,) or by means of -water thrown on j sacks on the barn floor. When the! tobacco is m a condition to handle without the leaves breaking, it should bs taken down on the sticks and bulked until the grower is ready to grade | and bale for market as opportunity occurs. I Our Economic Problem :_One of j the " most — interesting — and — informative passing visitors to this State recently was Dr. A. E. V. Richardson, dir- — ! » ector of the Waite Agricultural Research Institute of Adelaide, and a representative of the Commonwealth' at the Ottawa Conference, who spent a few hours in Perth," on his way back home. Discussing the economic position as experienced in West Australia in common with the rest of the Commonwealth he stressed the fact that most of the pastoralists and wheatgrowers in Australia are losing >oney despite the advantage of a 3epreciated exchange rate of 25 per cent. They cannot continue - - - „ getting further into debt. It is in the inter est of all sections of the community) that they be placed in a position' to make ,—4-1,-,:-. their industries profitable. If the income from wool and wheat could be increased by forcing up prices, the way to prosperity for the primary producers would be easy. But Australian exporters cannot influence prices. The only sound alternative is to bring down production costs to the leyel of- world prices. He expressed the opinion that costs can] be lowered, not onlyJjy tariff ment and other political action only,; but also by increasing yields and clips and in avoiding losses by eradicating diseases and pests. After dealing witL which would have the effect of increasing the production of wheat ae passed on to matters of especiaT interest to the South- West. 'He pointed out that the application of scientific methods to the pastoral industries will pave the. way for considerable economic development. First, there is the reduction of losses due to disease. In the aggregate millions sterling are lost annually from the ravages of blowflv.J liver fluke, caseous lymphadenitis, braxy black disease, and intestinal parasites in sheep, and from tick, worm; nodules, pleuro-pneumonia, abortion, and mammitis, etc., in cattle. Progress is being made by the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research in the attack on these diseases. Malnutrition of Stock:—A second source' of loss is caused by malnutrition ojf stock. The northern areas of Australia experience summer rainfall, followed by a long, dry period in whiter. The green herbage grown during* the rainy season is highly nutritious, but the dry herbage progressively deteriorates and loses a large portion of its nutritive value, and ii abnormally low in protein and minerals. The division of animal -nutrition has demonstrated that the yield of wool may be increased by over 30 per cent. 5>y supplementing the natural pastui*e ^— with a „ ^ protein-rich concen-; trate when the pasture is dry and of low nutritive value. In other areas mineral deficiencies in the\ herbage frequently occur, Lack ctf phosphorus is the chief troue. Ih the heavier rainfall regions the top- dressing deficiency may be overcome by \- - "the - pasture with - - soluble) phosphates or by sowing drown - im-J - proved pastures. In areas of - — light - - rainfall, where economic considerations do not permit topdressing, phosphate deficiency may be corrected by allowing stock free access to mineral licks. The practice of supplement 1 ing pastures with mineral licks needs to be placed on a sound basis by ascertaining the mineral deficiencies in each grassland region, and adjusting the composition of the lick to the ascertained deficiencies in the pasture, and to the special needs of the grazing animal. A promising field for economic expansion, particularly in dairying and fat lamb raising, is the improvement of pastures. Regions of moderate to heavy rainfall, which already carry the bulk 'of the livestock, are most suited for intensive pasture development. The basic need of the livestock farmer is to obtain the maximum amount of nutritive pasture on his holding. This involves use of the most productive types of pasture plants and the application of methods of management that will maintain them in a good condition. In view of the extensive experiments being conducted in deep rooted perennial grasses, clovers, and other herbage plants at Ulijugulup (Sabina River State Farm) under the care and management of Professor Patterson it is gratifying to note that Dr. Richardson warmly approved of the value of such studies. He stated that the systematic introduction and testing of herbage plants from other countries is of great interest to Australia, Perhaps the most important phase of pasture development is the determination of the most productive type for each climatic and soil region in the higher jainfall country, and the methods of manuring and management which will maintain it at a high level of productivity. Increasing Carrying Capacity:— He went on to say that recent re search areas of the better rainfall country (over 25 inches) the carrying capacity may be greatly increas ed, at an economic cost, by ploughing the natural _ pasture and sowing I ;€rmanent grasses and clovers with a PP ro P iate fertilisers, and that the productivity can be maintained hy P ro P er methods of management. Topdressing of natural pastures increases the grass ip regions of liberal rainfall, This practice has been exten- sively adopted, but it has limitations, because of the inherently low productive capacity of the natural species, Fepgnt work has shown that the fertilisers can be used to better effect if more productive species are incorporated into the pasture sward. The dairying industry is ideally suited for intensive production, as it is conducted principally in regions of liberal rainfall and fertile soil, and by a large number of individually small units. The industry is entering an intensive stage of development, and the output will be largely increased when and the. elimination of preventaVle'Vu sease, give results. The carrying capacity of dairy country can be greatly enhanced by the more extensive use of sown pas-' tures and the adoption of appropriate methods of pasture manageinent. This is the direction in which w e may look with confidence for a lowering of the costs of production! md increasing our competitive power S m British markets. The preferential i duty of 15/ per cwt. for butter ac-i corded under the Ottawa agreement will further enhance our competitive power against foreign countries. " Speaking of Australia "generally as regards irrigation in the Eastern States he slid that the difficulties^ met with in irrigation settlements due to excess of soluble salte^th? Si unsuitable varieties"? fruit* and vines, and unsuitable soils, over irri-j Ration, etc., are being overcome, and there has been a continuous improvenent in the quality of dried and traits. The London Market:—The butter position in London has not improved. Consumption remains good, as might be expected when the best Australian and New Zealand butters are being retailed at lOd. per lb., and even less in some quarters. . Even this brisk consumption is not sufficient to ab- . sorb the available supplies, and' stocks here are now estimated at ap-j proximately 20,000 tons. As one ; leading firm reports, with produc- 1 tion m Australia and New Zaeland running well ahead of last year, buy- -!feel there is no need to worry about the future. The report adds", tijat owing to the restricted quotas! and high tariffs on the Continent, consumption is very bad, especially in! Germany, so there is practically no, export trade from the London mar-j ' ! ' The question of a reduction in the | ' imports of butter is attracting much J ' attention- Many traders consider, such action desirable.. Their view is expressed by "Commission Agent," says:—"'There appears to be only one ; solution of the present low prices. If, Denmark would reduce its production by 10 per cent, and cease shipping surplus quantities which are not re-'c quired by the English market, prices! would certainly be from 10/ to 15/! per cwt. higher. The same remark applies to the colonies." i The Australian Press Association; understands that no decision has yet! been reached regarding the restric-; tion of butter imports, but it was a > mistake to believe that the present i negotiations - with the 4.1 Dominions n - - had •» arisen frpm „ Britain'^ .. previous . nego-. tiations with Denmark, ™ '' Argentina * and tbat H the bottom had fallen out of the mar- s ket. In the interests of Bntish pro-1 ducere something must be done, and restriction was the obvious possibili-; o- oil Trr-t* .,„.,_ . ' f S w S J ^ ^ . p ^ - J e s t c e ^ ^ b ^ ^it^w^fV^f' v^h0WeVe /' £ « r ? ro , mg touTat thf^niinW Office clos V touch at the Dominions Office. J Victorian Prices:—Wholesale quota-' tations for butter were reduced by 4/8 per cwt. in the Melbourne market late last week. Th new price for choicest quality is 107/4 per cwt., aiid the usual concessions are allow-' ed for secondary grade. ] The price is thi lowest quoted for many years, and is the result of a' furthe? fall in London market quota-! tions. Producers are now obliged To accept very low returns, a matter which is causing concern in the industry. The question of restricting exports to the United Kingdom is being considered by the Dairy Produce Export Board, together with freight contracts and other important matters effecting the industry, During the week the Commonwealth Graders examined for export 28,1731 boxes. Dairy Produce Export Board Advices:—Quotations ices:-—OuotationK for butter h n d in **js the London market fell by 2/ to 3/ per cwt. during the past week. A cable message received from the London representative of the Dairy Produce Export Board, Melbourne, states that the market continues to be dull. Sales of Australian butter in the United Kingdom during the week ended 14th February,, were 57,000 boxes at an. average price of 77/ per cwt. for salted "Kangaroo" brand, and 78/6 for unsalted. On February 16 Danish butter was quoted at 101/ per cwt., New Zealand at 77/, salted "Kangaroo" brand at 74/ to 75/, first 76/ to 77/. Later the market for Australian eased to 74/. Retail prices are: —Danish 1/1, and Empire butter lOd. to lid., mostly lOd. per lb. Unsold stocks of Australian consignments are 117,000 boxes, and the quantity of Australian butter in Hays wharf stores is 206,000 boxes. New Zealand butter stocks are 316,000 boxes. The Market Reviewed:—A. J. Mills and Co. Ltd., London, in their yearly market report which is just to hand, state that imports of butter to Great Britain in 1932 show a marked Increase over 1931, the principal In crease being from Australia and New Zealand. Total imports in 1931 were 403,000 tons, out of which the Empire contributed 49 per cent., whereas in 1932 total imports were 422,500 tons, and the Empire supplied 52 per cent, Denmark, notwithstanding a decrease in total exports of 8 per cent, for that year, increased her shipments to Great Britain by 5 per cent., and retains the position as chief supplier by contributing 31 per cent, of the total imports. Owing to increased tariffs and restrictions, Germany, France and most other European countries have been unable to import their usual requirements of Danish and other Baltic States' butter, with the result that Great Britain has had to absorb « larger percentage. Imports from most of the other northern European countries 1 show a decline, which indicates that either their production is declining or they are consuming more at home. A gratifying feature is the decline of 20 per cent, in the imports from Russia, Germany and Holland, with the object of raising the price of their own production, have recently introduced legislation that a minimum of 10 per cent. o,f home produced, butter be used in the manufacture of margarine. This should absorb considerable quantities, and may enable these, countries to become larger importers in future. During the last two years total im ports of butter have grown by 24 per cent., and this enormous increase in? quantity could only have been co slimed by reducing the retail price and increasing consumption at the expense of margarine. Consumption continues to expand. In 1931 the 7325 tons year to 7750 -Tiu^ tion has averaged 8200 tons weekly, Australia and New Zealand have both shown a tremendous increase in production so far this season, which accounts for the record monthly import for December of 42,000 tons, The quality of both Australian and New Zealand butter has been satisfactory, and the outlets are continually expanding, partcularly in the midlands and North of England, so that it can now be said that Empire butter is being sold in every city, town and village in the United King- 'dom. ^~ Svdaey p r j ce8 --During the week y s ri iVl. J/jmng cne weeK ^ Commonwealth Graders examined 4 *3 ort 14,532 - v / n 10 ^ 3 '°? ^ bu£ wL Sdedl" exnort ^ Australia j B ene fit= 'from the recent rain* stiflreflected^ the v a r i l d ^ SoXWaksin7£f output is expanding. There is still a large surplus of low grades for export. Price 114/6 per cwt, Queensland Prices:—During the week the Commonwealth Graders examined 38,881 boxes for -export. There are indications of rain of a general _ nature and production _ . _ is in creasing steadily in all districts, South Australian Prices:—Production of butter continues at satisfactovy levels for this time of the year, and cooler weather conditions have assisted the manufacture of choicest butter, but it is still necessary to im- port some choicest butter from Vietoria to keep local demands fbr this erade satisfied. Values are to-day unaltered, but the news from London is not encouraging, and the market still remains in a weak, unsettled condition, with heavy arrivals, for which there is no immediate sale, because consumption in the United Kingdom is below the quantity coming for ward. If values do not recover, an adjustment of prices here seems 'ineyitable, but every effort is being made] to keep prices steady. During the week the Commonwealth GraderT examined for export 3/T55 boxes, of butter and 722 crates of heese. - "Wher advice states: In South Australia production is declining rapidly, especially in choicest grades, and larger importations are necess ary. 