LINKS WITH THE LONG AGO SIXTY YEARS AGO. Gleanings from "The Queens- <*> lander" Files. From "The Queenslander" of October 4, 1873.) A 10lb. Nugget. A NUGGET of gold weighing 10lb. has been found at Chinaman's Plat, Cloncurry gold fields. The Nor-<*> manton message reporting this find adds that besides this 560z. of gold had been taken from the same claim when the mailman left. It was also re ported that a reef showing rich stone had been struck not far from the Golden Rose and other reefs. Welfare oC Aborigines. r A NOTIFICATION appeared in Sat- ' ***■ urday's "Government Gazette" ap pointing a Commission under the Great Seal of the. Colony for the pur pose of taking into consideration cer tain questions in relation to the amelioration of the condition of the aborigines and the possibility of ren dering their services available to settlers and beneficial to themselves. The Commissioner were as follow:— Messrs. W. L. G. Drew, A. C. Gregory, C. Coxen, and the Rev. J. G. Haus mann. Valuable Sheep Arrive. fPHE arrival by the City of Brisbane of a large number of valuable merinos from the Lara flock, Vic toria, was announced, also Messrs. Kent and Wienholt received 49 ewes and eight rams from the celebrated Ercildoun flock of Messrs. Learmonth, in the same colony. The Ercildoun property had recently changed hands for the enormous sum of a quarter of a million, and some idea of the rea son for such a great purchase price for a comparatively small property might be formed from the fact that the 57 sheep imported by Messrs. Kent and Wienholt cost £1300 landed /*V Brisbane. The Ercildoun sheep had long stood unrivalled as the merino par excellence of Australia. Those just imported were from the pure stud, bred in by Messrs. Learmonth without auy interchange of blood whatever for the last 30 years. Grammar School Scholarships. DY advertisement, the Queensland •" Board of General Education an nounces that it will grant Grammar School scholarships annually to deserv ing pupils of the primary schools of the colony. The board will pay the Gram mar School tuition fees of such prim ary schoolboys as prove themselves, on examination, to be fitted for a higher class of education than that afforded in the primary schools. The examinations for the 1874 scholarships will take place in December. 1873, at Brisbane, Ipswich. Toowoomba. Mary borough, and Rockhampton. only, un- . lew special application shall be made and approved for holding examina tions elsewhere, but candidates can present themselves from any primary school. The subjects will be the same as those prescribed in the boards printed regulations for, boys who hau reached the fourth form in a primary school, and the percentage of marks entitling a candidate to a scholarship will be 50, though, in special case.s, notified by the examiners, the board may act independently of the last mentioned rule. The successful com petitors, can, through their parents, or guardians, elect the particular Gram mar School at which they will study. Bible Society. npHE annual meeting of the Queens land Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in the Wesleyan Church, Albert Street, on September 24. The Rev. C. Ogg. one of the vice-presidents, took the chair, in the absence of Sir James Cockle, and the meeting was addressed by the Rev. E. Griffith, the secretary, who read the committee's 17th annual re port, by Mr. Davidson, the treasurer, who submitted the annual balance sheet; by the Rev. B Backhouse, th? society's agent in Queensland; and by the Rev. C. Porteus, C. M'Culloch. and F. H. Brentnall. The report showed that the depot in Queen Street was supplied with a large stock of bibles and testaments in English. French. German. Swedish, and Norwegian or Danish languages In various bindings. The sates and issues from the depoc during the year ending August 31 were 2315\. being 694 in excess of the prev ious year and 1103 more than in 1871\. 'Branch depots of the auxiliary are established at Dalby. Toowoomba. Stanthorpe. Gympie. Maryborough, and Rockhampton." the report adds. The anniversary of the Ipswich branch ot the British and Foreign Bible Society "was held in the Wesleyan Church on September 26. The meeting was presided over by Mr. Benjamin Cribb, who had been elected president of the society in the room of the late Colonel Gray-. The Rev. B. Backhouse attended as a deputation from the parent society, and the Revs. W. G. R. Stephinson, C. H. Eager, and W. B. Mather took part in the meeting. A report showed that the work of the society was prospering in - the town and district, that a larger number of bibles were sold during the year than in any preceding year; that £50 had been forwarded to the parent society and that after paying all incidental expenses, &c;,, the large balance of £96 remained to the credit of the auxiliary. Officers were elected as follow— President, Mr. B. Cribb; treasurer, Mr. R. J. Kendall; hon. secretary, Rev. W. G. R. Stephinson; committee, Messrs. G. H. Wilson, J. Scott, G. W. Har g'reaves, J. Greenham, James Foote, R. Fox, F. Curnow, D. Hughes, S. Hodges, and T. Pryde, Dr. von Lossberg, and Captain Townley. Ministers of all de nominations were to be ex- officio members of the committee. New Immigration Act. rpHE Immigration Agent (Mr. Robt. Gray) notifies by advertisement that persons resident in Queensland who wish to obtain passages to the colony for their friends or relatives in Europe can do so under the ' provisions of* the new Immigration Act by payment to the Immigration Agents, Brisbane, or to any of the clerks of Petty Sessions in the colony, amounts in accordance with the fallowing scale: —Males and females, between 1 and 12, each £1; males between 12 and 40. each, £2; females between 12 and 40, each, £1; males and females above 40, each, £4. Infants under 12 months, free. The ad vertisement adds: —"Employers of labour in the colony are directed to the liberal provisions contained in the new Act, whereby mechanics, labourers, or servants engaged through agents in Europe will be provided, with pas sages to . the colony by the Agent- General." Steamer Leonie. (CALLING at Cleveland, Redland Bay, at all places on the Logan to Logan Village, and at all places on the Albert to Carter's Ferry., the steamer Leonie will leave Harris's Wharf regularly every Wednesday with cargo and passengers. Rockhampton Water Scheme. A ROCKHAMPTON message states that the municipal council has finally adopted the waterworks scheme, and the works are to be com menced immediately. Bountifal Season. "PROM all parts of the country in telligence is to hand that a bountiful season for pastoral as well as agricultural purposes is promised. A Dalby Fire. \ FIRE of a most alarming and destructive character occurred in Mr. J. Y. Black's Post Office Hotel, Dalby. It commenced in the chil dren's bedroom at about midnight, and was caused by some light articles which were hanging against the wall becoming ignited by .the flame from a kerosene lamp which was standing on a table under them.. A servant rescued the children and raised the alarm. Efforts by watermen to ex tinguish the fire were fruitless, but much of the furniture and stock on' the ground .floor was saved. The, whole of the furniture of the upper \ rooms was consumed, and the cellar stock, which had lately bee,n replen ished by £300 worth of goods, was all destroyed. A copious discharge from buckets was kept up on the exposed parts of the adjoining property, and the exertions of those thus well employed were crowned with success. Print's Statutes. A NEW edition of the Statutes of "^- Queensland (being what is known as Pring's .Statutes), revised and cor rected up to the present time, is now in the press at the Government Print ing Office. : The work of editing has been entrusted to Mr. J. K Handy, barrister-at-law, and late M.L.A. for Brisbane. Insufficient Postage. {CORRESPONDENTS frequently com ; plain that they have received letters from friends in the United Kingdom stating that newspapers have beeh forwarded b? the same mail, but that the papers did not come to hand. It is generally the case that the Post Office is blamed for this, but. no doubt, were inquiry made, the fault would be found to be with the senders. According to the report of the Post master-General, issuea in England last July (1873), it appears that in one year nearly 600,000 newspapers posted for the colonies and foreign countries were destroyed on account of insuf ficient payment of postage. More than 100,000 . newspapers were also stopped from transmission last year owing to their having been posted more than eight days after publication. No Annexation of Fiji. A RUMOUR prevails in the South that the British Government is about to annex the Kingdom of Fiji. There is, however, not the slightest; ground for placing any reliance on such a report. A motion urging on the Queen's Government the duty of ac cepting the protectorate of the Fiji Islands, in accordance with a petition to that effect forwarded some years ago by the native chiefs of Fiji, was lately negatived by the House of Com mons, and Mr- Gladstone has posi tively stated that no annexation will take place except on the request of the ruling powers. It is not at all im probable that instructions may have been forwarded to the new Commodore" of the Australian Station to take formal possession of Kandavu as a naval station in the Fijian Archipelago, but there is not the slightest probabil ity of any such wholesale annexation of Fiji as that which appears to be anticipated in Melbourne. 