A LETTER F®M LONDON By "The Adoocate't" Special Conretpondtnt LONDON, November 1. L.ist Sunday was the Feast of the Kingship of Our Lord Jesus Christ, which was instituted by the Holy Father eight years ago. Outside all the churches yellow and white flags, beaming the Parol arms, were sold, and tlie Society for the Maintenance of the Apostolic See, which organised the collection, will present the offerings to the Holy Father. In the afternoon great crowds besieged the Albert Hall to see the dramatic and beautiful presentation of "Everyman" by the London girls of the Grail. His Eminence Cardinal Bourne received a warm welcome, the huge audience standing and applauding as he entered. The Cardinal has approved the work of the Grail—"We cordially approve the Rule of the Women of Nazareth, already sanctioned by other Bishops, and the fruitful apostolate they have begun to exercise in London, through the Grail Movement, among young women of all classes." Five hundred London girls took part in the mass performance. There were no star players. The "dramatis personae" were groups. Group-movement and group-action lie at the very heart of the Grail approach to life. This is in keeping with the organic and universalist philosophy of Christianity. Media Vita was played by six groups, eacli containing ten girls. The groups were dressed in blue, flame, orange, green, yellow and mauve. Colour and light were everywhere; beautiful movement and modulated voices. The beautiful plain song of the Church, soothing the mind with Final Hope, was chosen for the chant groups. At the end, the "Song of the Grail" was sung as an epilogue: "This is the age of Youth—and we are young, We give our lives that God may reign in truth, First in our hearts, and then through all the world. We fight His fight, and will be used by Him. This do we claim: to give our youth to God, To give our youth—and thus to win the world." This week Messrs. Hutchinson have published Mr. George Grossmith's autobiography under the title "G.G." It is the well-known actor's second book of reminiscences, the first being "Gaiety and George Grossmith." "G.G." represents the third generation of his family on the stage. His father, his uncle (Weedon Grossmith) and two grand-uncles were famous actors. Mr. Grossmith is 59, and was received into the Church when he was 33\. He was honoured in 1913 with the Papal Cross pro ecclesia et pontifice. Within the past twelve months two of the best-loved Irish priests in London have died—Fr. Kearney of Maiden Lane and Canon Edward Murnnne. . A third Irish priest, a man of outstanding character, died last Thursday—Fr. O'Halloran, of Tooting. He was born in Cork 55 years ago, and after his ordination in 1902, he was appointed to South London. For the past 25 years l>e had been Rector of St. Boniface's Church. It began as a s: ;all and humble building and is today one of the finest churches in Southwark diocese. Fr. O'Halloran r-sed and spent over £17,000 on it. T:iis year, to mark their Rector's 25th year in charge of the church, the congregation presented a testimonial v/hich, at Fr. O'Halloran's wish, was ds- oted to completing the mosaic S-itions of the Cross which he had k- gun. He was a man with a most charming personality, great humour, with a fine presence, and a Cork accent Jiiti speech, which he never entirely^ lost. It was always a delight to listen to his sermons, ^so earnest, so pointed and so unconventional. The blow caused to South London Catholics by death is a severe one. # * • M. Sarrant, France's new Prime Minister, is a very able writer ana journalist With his brother, Maurice, he owns, ohe of the best French provincial newspapers, "Ddpeche de Toulouse." Durinjrtfae doldrums of the It was on wine. For over an hour he regaled the members with a lyric oration on the grape, full of humour, and spoken in a tone of confidential ease quite at variance with the dull official reading from notes to which one becomes accustomed at international conferences. M. Sarrant was at one time Governor of Indo-China, and lie has the name of being a liberalminded, humane man. Women students are forbidden admission to the London medical schools and hospitals. That is why Englishwomen have had to establish woman-run hospitals. In Great Britain there are five general hospitals and seven special hospitals all Staffed by women physicians and surgeons only. In 1865 Mrs. Elizabeth Garrett Anderson, finding that the charter of the Society of Apothecaries ftvliich confers medical qualifications) ,<Jid'not specifically debar women from the examinations, sat and passed. The society was astounded; and promptly passed a resolution that no student should be admitted who had not received instruction in a recognised mcdical school. So Dr. Elizabeth Garrett Anderson remained the only English medical doctor, until 22 years later the Irish Colleges of Physicians and of Surgeons opened their examina- tions to women. Scotland and the English Provinces have since followed this example; but London still maintains its ban. Mrs. Anderson founded the School of Medicine for Women and her name is now world-renowned. To-day, women are contributing to progress in every branch of medicine and surgery. Dr. Mary Scharlieb, the brilliant surgeon and a great idealist, took up th'e study of medicine in order that she might help the women of India, who, owing to purdah "rules, were not able to receive the services of men doctors. • * * Mr. G. K. Chesterton describes his new study of St. Thomas Aquinas (Hodder and Stoughton, 2/6) as fated "to be sketchy about philosophy, scanty or rather empty about theology, and to achieve little more than a de«nt silence on the subject of sanctity. But the reader need not fear disappointment. Mr. Chesterton takes his art as the mediaeval artists did theirs, enjoying it, singing over it, and sanctifying it. His new books gives a vmd picture of the Dumb Ox of Sicily,, of the man. the philosopher and the saint As an introduction to the riches of Thomistic thought, the book isi excellent; and timely, now that in Ens' land, France and the United States the study of St Thomas and. ins philosophy it attracting such growing bands of students. . * , . * . * Another of this ^week's books of interest to Catholic readers « Mr. Compton MacKenrie's "Literature »n J. H. Thomas is rih ^ttU^)^nd tWi'l other outstanding writers 1 ift English " 1 of Wic past fifty yeatC Depressing news 1 is daily coming through of fierce riots 'Which have stained with blood the streets of Haifa, Jaffa and Jerusalem. The Holy Land is being made the centre of an Arab- Jewish struggle,, the immediate cause of which is the recent large influx of Jews and the evasion of the immigration laws. The "Times" correspondent, writing from Jerusalem, states that "feeling against the Jews is bitter and general among the educated Arabs. One and all they, hate the progress of the Jewish movement, and this hatred is fed by the consciousness that they are helpless against it." The remote but potent cause of the trouble is that the Arabs were promised self-government during the Great War when the Allies needed their help against the Turks. Three years ago Lord Passfield, in a. White Paper, said: "It is the considered opinion of his Majesty's Government that the time has now come when the important question of the establishment of a measure of self-government in Palestine must, in the interests of the community as a whole, he taken in hand without further delay." Nothing was done, then or since. While the riots arc in progress, two ships have been held up: one, a Danish vessel, carrying 900 Polish Jews to Jaffa, and the others, an Italian liner, with 800 Jews for -Palestine. The Italian singer, Bcniamino Gigli, paid a visit to London this week to sing at one recital. He is the son of a poor carpenter, and owes his success —apart from his great natural gifts— to his choir singing and training at a Catholic Academy in Rome. He is now the world's greatest tenor, of quite a different type from Caruso, more lyrical and less robust, but as great in his genre. In songs like "Una fertiva lagrima" he is a consummate and unbeatable artist. The London audience was excited and made him sing encore after cncore so that Gigli sang in the second part of the programme for an hour without a break. So long as Italy boasts an artist of Gigli's quality she can claim a proud predominance in tenor singing. Fr. Benedict WIlllaniRon hu dtntlnKitliiM himnelr both i»k an author of reltgloUM bookn and a dmtgher of rhnrchCK. Before kh rcccptton Into the Church la 18M at Fnrm-dtreet, l/ondon, he Was a student of law and of architecture. He Uvea In Rome. 