| AUSTRALIA'S MARITIME HISTORY j (Special for the "News" By "Junius.") I . I (Copyright applied for.) I WEIPA MISSION. In 1898 the aboriginal reserve was extended for approximately .90 miles south of Mapoon and in. that year the Weipa Mission station was established by the Eev. E. Brown and Mrs. Brown. The first mission was' es tablished on the Embley" River and was called Wiepa, meaning a hunting ground. THE YEAR 1899. As though to make up for there be ing no- wrecks in either January, or February, the storm gods reserved their strength for a mighty blow which struck the coast of Queensland at Bathurst Bay on March 5. The pearling fleet — about 40 — had as sembled there, and when the blow had. passed over very few indeed re mained, and the Channel Rock light ship had disappeared. The loss of life was about 350, but nobody was ever sure. - The 143-ton brigantine Meg Merrilies and the 83-ton schooner Sagita were among the wrecked ves sels. A white' pillar on Bathurst Head commemorates the tragedy. The 93-ton schooner Moonta was lost on Gatcombe Head on March 7; the barque Cathona 'was 1st on . Kai- para Bar on the 18tli, her crew escap ing. Another March wreck was that of the labour schooner Northern Belle on Mota Lava, Banks Group, during a hurricane. The 849-ton barque Regent Murray made another in the. ship's graveyard at Oyster Bank, Newcastle, when his was wrecked there on April 4. In the small, dark hours of the 14th, the 1400-ton clipper ship Loch Sloy drove on the Brothers Rocks, oS Kangaroo Island, and only four of her company reached the hore. One of these, unable to stand the enforced diet of grass, raw penguin flesh, shell-fish,, and whisky— from the wreck--died before assistance arrived. Another April wreck was that of the 283-ton' schooner Australi.1. off the coast of Tasmania. The 73-ton schooner Failford was wrecked on North Head, Sydney, on May 29; and the 1544:ton steamer Tekapo went ashore, in Maroubra Bay without loss of life. Thick weather was the cause, TWO TAIL SHAFTS. Considering how rarely — compara tively—it was that ships broke their propeller shafts, it is peculiar that two large ships should be adrift simul taneously, the sport of wind and sea ou this account. The well-known 5550- ton steamer Perthshire left Sydney on April 26 for New Zealand, and on May 1 her tail shaft broke. . While her crew was engaged trying to effect re- pairs the well-known New Zealand trader Waikato was onNher outward run, and had rounded, the Cape of Good Hope some days when her tall shaft parted on June 3. . The Perth shire was picked up by the steamer Talune on June 13, and reached Syd ney in tow of that'. vessel on the 19th. The Waikato wall-owed and drifted for 104 days before she was picked up by the steamer Asloun, and towed to Fremantle, which post was reached on October S. , The only June wreck was that of the 1080-ton steamer Lindus, which was lost on the Oyster Bank, New castle, on the 3rd, making the third wreck there for the year. During a heavy gale and thick weather on the coast of.- Western Australia, the 1458-ton clipper ship Carlisle Castle — a famous passenger ship of her day— was wrecked near Rockingham on July 12 with a loss of 11 out of a crew of 26. In the same gale the 1218-ton ship City of York .was wrecked on Rottnest Island, with a loss also of 11 lives. The Nor wegian barque Everland. struck the reefs oft Threo Sisters Island, near Thursday Island, on the 24th, and was beached at Vivian Point, and on the same day the schooner Excelsior was wrecked near Cape Bedford, after having previously stranded on Low Isles. The final wrack of the. month , was that of the brigantine Helena, which went to pieces after striking pook Point Spit, Wide Bay, on the . 31st. The only August wreck was the schooner. Isabel, which foundered off Hook Island, Whitsunday Passage. Then on- September 13 the 3711-ton passenger steamer Thermopylae ' was wrecked on Green Point, near Cape Town, -while bbund from London to Australia.. ; October was a busier month, the first wreck' being the .old -White Star clipper ship Christiana Thompson, which took down the Norwegian flag when she was lost at Umra, Norway, on the -7th. Another old White Star clipper followed eight days later, when the Transatlantic foundered' in the North Atlantic on the 15th, She also took the Nox-wegian flag - down with her. : The well-known 1488-ton immigrant ship Duntrune went miss ing after leaving port on the I'/th.and the German ship Drehna was wrecked on the Great Bari-ier Reef to the east' of Cape Upstart on the 30th. Then came the loss of the fine ship Plei ades, which was then making her 23rd ' voyage to New Zealand. She found herself on a lee shore, and had to be beached near Cape Turnagain to save life. Other October wrecks were the steamer Gulf of Siam, which stranded in Stiirt Bay; the 37-t'on steamer Mermaid on Seal Rocks, without loss of life; and the brig Stanley on Red Mercury Island, N.Z. ' There were no wrecks during No vember, but a cyclone which raged along the coast of Queensland ac counted for the 49-ton schooner Lal- lnh Rookh, which was last seen on the 22nd off Mackay, while making, for Maryborough.: The vessel which, saw her— the 96-ton schooner Eclipse- was herself lost on Salmon Rock, off Pine Islands, on the 26th, and three days before this the 2291-ton steamer Queen Cristina was thrown bodily on Llhou Reef, a simple fact which proved the salvation of her crew. The next occurrence was at sea, and indicates the frame of mind in which the returning kanaka some times found himself. The labour schooner Hector, bound from Queens land with a number of returning kanakas on board, had her Yuletlde quiet disturbed on Christmas Day by one of the kanakas running amok with a tomahawk. He butchered two fel low passengers before he was re strained, and he then complained that his countrymen on board were plot ting against his life. The fact that none of the casualties were among men of his tribe rather discounted his tale. Undated wrecks during 1899 were the 341-ton brig Bells, locality not mentioned; the ship Caswell, which left Newcastle for Guayaquil, Ecua dor, and was never seen again; the 511-ton barque Fray Bentos, broken lip at Adelaide; the 1835-ton -ship Jane Burrll, wrecked while bound from Newcastle to Manila, her crew landing on Cebu Island; the' 1192-ton- White Star ship Kosciusco was broken up ... at Canton; the 1521-ton ship Parramatta— a famous wool clip per — was broken up by Norwegians; and the ' 1123-ton .Russian, ship Val- kyrian (ex Waimate) left Newcastle with coal for Iquique and was never seen again. , NAVAL DEFENCE. . Moving slowly toward a federation of. naval defence, the naval command: ants of New South Wales, Queens land, South Australia, and Tasmania met during 1899 and carried Tryon's recommendation for "'personal ser vice" a step further. They decided that "the present policy, namely, that of payment in specie in return for naval defence furnished in toto by the Mother Country, makes for no advance whatever." The 1899 basis for amalgamating the naval brigades, more sea-going training and a better class of ships was the sheet anchor during many subsequent conferences. « THE YEAR 1900. The barque Carrlzal was wrecked on Baker Island, mid-Pacific, during Feb ruary; and. the well-known Australian trader Ecclef echan i was lost on ' the 23rd while bound -to-New York. The coasting steamer Cambria was wrecked at Rockingham, near Fre mantle on March 1st, and the 210-ton steamer Glenelg foundered off Lake Tyers, Vic., on the 22nd. , There was considerable loss of life. On May 8th the fine ship Sierra Nevada was wrecked off Port Phillip Heads, with a loss of 25 lives, Seal Rocks saw the next wreck;, that of the barque Harvester on June 7th, the crew being , rescued by the steamer Macleay. Then the schooner Empress of India foundered off Cape Hawke 'on July 23rd, with a loss of three liv.es. , THE BOXER REBELLION. The first contingent of Australians for service, in China against . . the Boxers left Sydney on- board' the steamer Wallaroo on July 2nd',# anil then, carrying 200 volunteers from Victoria and '260 from New South Wales, the steamer. Salamis sailed from Sydney on August 8th, with .the second contingent of Australians . to leave for service in China, against the Boxers. Three days later- (11th) the South Australian gunboat Pro tector left Sydney with 96 officers and men, this, being the third and last Bbxer contingent. The fine ship Mataura, well-known in the New Zealand trade, became dis masted and was. abandoned in . the North Atlantic on August 24th'. The schooner Cynthia was lost at the en trance to -Port Stephens on September 15th; and the .49-ton schooner Bur nett foundered on the Albert Bar, Gulf of Carpentaria, on the 23rd, with a loss of two lives.' Some time during October, the 200- ton brigantine Lord of the Isles was wrecked on Kaipara bar, as many good ships had before, and did after wards. t THE BOER WAR. . With, a gradual simmering down of the outrages of centuries, older and more civilised parts of the world set out to discuss some outstanding dif ferences. Thus, the long di'awn-out struggle between Britain and the Boers when Britain rejected the Boer ultimatum on the 11th. One Christmas Day, the 2257-ton steel four-mast barque Ross-Shire, w,ell known in most Australian ports, was lost awhile loading nitrates at a Chilean port. Undated wrecks for 1900 were the schooner Kondio, with all hands (el and the 1075-ton ship Pialto,' which left Melbourne for Capetown and never reached there— she made 17 voyages to New Zealand in her day and was under the German flag when she was lost. THE YEAR 1901. The 1218-ton clipper ship Loeh Shiel wa3. wrecked off Milford- Haven on January 30, on the commencement of her voyage from Glasgow to Adelaide There was n0 loss of life. During the same month, the 2446-ton four-mast French barque Ville du Havre was driven .'ashore off the coast of New Caledonia, but was salved later. The 212-ton .Schooner ' May Byrnes was wrecked .on North Head, Port Jackson, on February 1 her crew get ting clear. The' ship Glen . Park, bound from Port Jermein, West Aus tralia, to Algoa Bay, was wrecked on a reef off Wedge Island on the- 3rd within a few days of, sailing. The crew wa3 taken to Port Victoria by the barque Elba. « The natives of Goarabari Island, off the coast of New Guinea, kept up' the old traditions long after other por tions of Oceania had reformed, by murdering and cooking two gold dig gers during February. The steamer Bee wa's wrecked at Picnic Bay, Townsville, . on , March 17; and the 1549-ton steamer Federal foundered-in Bass Straits on the 21st, with sdme loss of life. The steamer ICarakatta struck a. pinnacle rock off Satin Island, . West Australia, while boUnd from Freinantle to Singapore, on the 26th, and. gave her crew scant time in- which to get clear- before' she foundered. The schooner Alto pick ed up the stranded company, number ing .120 souls. . The 68-ton schooner ; Louisa Lamont foundered in - Bass Straits during -March, with a loss of , several lives. She had previously been in trouble (1888) on a reef In. 'the Bunker Group, Queensland. I t THE GOARABARI MAF«Arrp.T! The attentions rendered to gold diggers by natives of Goarabari Island in February were, however, but the prelude to a massacre that was again to shock profoundly the .Christian world, and to establish a' martyrdom approaching that of Bishop Patteson. On April 8 John Chalmers and Oliver Tomkins fell victims to the same na tives. Both were attached to . the London Missionary Society, the for mer having devoted the greater part of his life' .to missionary work in the South Seas, going to the New Guinea station in May, of 1877. John Chalmers was closely identified with missionary and exploratory work . in New Guinea, which work became ul timately of considerable political and economic value. . The massacre was prearranged, and the bodies of both victims were cooked and eaten. The Religious Tract Society of London, which in 1895 edited Chalmers' book, "Pioneer Life and Work in New Guinea," prefaced that work with: "He is the white man best known to all the natives along the south coast. From the first he had gone among them unarmed and though not infrequently in imminent peril, has been .marvellously preserved. No white man of tixis generation can possibily see New Guinea and its people under exactly the same conditions. Succeeding mission aries and observers can never see these people in the same stage of savagery as when he acquired their friendship." And yet, .six years later, .he was murdered by them deliberately . and treacherously. The New Guinea Gov ernment vessel Merrie England reach ed the scene of the tragedy on May 2, and landed boats simultaneously at. three villages. The natives at once accepted the gage of battle, but were routed' with a loss of 24 killed and three wounded "as far as is known" in the words of the official report. The attackers also captured one of the participants in the orgy, who rather pride himself on being able to give a full, account of the happen ing. It appeara. that when the mis sionary party arrived the Village of Dopima in the mission .vessel Niue,. the natives of that village conceived the idea of the massacre: "Word was' at once sent, round that night to. villages in the vicin ity to come:-.and help. The next morning .all the canoes went off and persuaded. Messrs.- Chalmers and Tomkins and party 'to come ashore in the whaleboat. Some of the' na tives remained to loot the. ' Niue. When they got on shore ,. Messrs. , Chalmers and. Tomkins entered the long house, the rest of the. boys re maining to guard .the. boat. The last, however,, were enticed inside the house on pretence- of .giving, . them something to eat. The signal ' for a general massacre' was given by knocking simultaneously on the head from behind both Messrs. Chalmers and, Tomkins. with stone clubs. Kaitiire, of Dopima, then stabbed Mr. Chalmers in . the right side with a cassowary dagger, and then Miiroroa cut off his head. Etna cut off, Mr. 'Tomkins' head; ' They both fell senseless at the first blow of the clubs. Directly the -heads had been. cut off the bodies, some men cut the latter up and handed the, pieces over to the -women to cook, which they did, mixing the flesh with sago. They were eaten the same, day." ' The sequel came two- years later; when an unsuccessful effort was -made to recover the heads 'of the two mis sionaries. The luck of France's monster sail ing ships was out during 1901, as the 3942-ton five-mast barque France 1 was abandoned off Cape Horn on May .20, her crew of 44 being grateful fOr the help extended by the German steamer Hebe. The ; 394-ton barque I Presto was lost during May, no local- 1 ity being mentioned. There were no wrecks during June, but the tug Protector was lost -at Richmond River with all hands (6) on July 1. . The 1036-barque ' Lizzie Bell was lost with 12 lives off the . coast Of New Zealand on the 25th; the . 2140- ton steamer Moonstone was wrecked after completing loading phosphates at Ocean Island on the 27th; and the 410-ton bai-que AlexV was wrecked, on Surprise Island, off the north of New Caledonia, on the 29th. Her crew reached Pam, in New Caledonia. Am. other July wreck wag that of. the London Missionary Society schooner; Olive Branch at Samarai. The one wreck during August wad of the barque Statominster Selmer, which struck on a reef off Nulculofa Island on the 22nd, while bound from Delago Bay to Samoa to load copri. ANOTHER SUaKARm CABLE. Fremantle and 'Durban' were con. nected by submarine cable, which, was opened during October. . The wooden steamer Unique became a total wreck after striking the . bar, at' Camden Haven on November 24; and the 598-ton barque Royal Tar, famous for her party in Lane's Para-, guay scheme was wrecked on a -rock off Tiri Tiri 'island, New Zealand, on the 26th! The well-known 1447-ton wool clip per Rodney was wrecked on the Corn ish coast on December. 7. She Mad gone to French owners, ana sank unw der the name of Gipsy, so that few . people knew that an old friend Jiad gon6. i Undated wrecks during 1901 ver® the barque Norden, at the., entrance' to Suva Harbour; and the old Black- wall clipper ship Superb was broken, up. THE YEAR 1902. The steamer Walla Walla ; was ; wrecked on Januaiy 4 with a 1-oss of 27 lives; the ship Port Patrick waB abandoned off Cliffy Island, Victoria, on the 14th, hut- was afterwards' tow ed, to Sydney; and the 100-ton labour schooner Fearless was wrecked ori. the island of San. Christoyal on the' 31st. The Norwegian barque Langstone was wrecked on Naturaliste Reef.'iicar Bunbur'y, on February 5, while on her way fi-om Bunbury to London. All hands escaped. She was followed hy the 125-ton brigantine Prosperity, vhich was wrecked . on Point Look out, Q., on the 14th, and then by -the well-known- 3396-ton 4-mast barque Liverpool, which .was wrecked on the ' coast of Alderney on the 25th. THE BOVERiC. . ' There were no wrecks in March. While en route to South Africa from Fremantle with horses for use in the Boer War, the steamer Boveric lost her tail shaft and propeller on April 2\. On finding that tho ship was drifting north . out of the track of steamers, a boat's crew left on De cember 11 for Fremantle,, 1000 miles distant, but in- the meantime the Blue Funnel liner Naming picked up the Boveric an&, towed her to Fremantle, arriving there on May 15. The boat "was picked, up later. . . The 42-ton steamer Kingsley was . wrecked on Morna Point on April I6/4 and the 150-ton labour schooner Sybil'/ went missing, after last being author!-, tatively. heard from at Couglan Har». hour, in the Solomons, on the 19th. Other April wrecks were the 28-ton steamer Florrie Ellison,, at . Manning River Heads; and the Danish ' barque Geertruida Gerarda, abandoned while bound from Java to Newcastle, and afterwards drifted ashore at Tama-, tave. The only wreck during May was that of the 340-ton. steamor Kelloe, which waB sunk in collision off Botany. Bay on the 13th. The schooner Syl van! was lost at Brisbane on June ;4;. the steamer Mawhere was totally wrecked on one of the Faumotu Group on the 15th— she was disguised under the alias Croix du Sud— and the 51-ton schooner Advance was wrecked at Botany Bay on the 14th. The 1079- ton White Star ship George Thomp son, which had donned the flag, of Chile, was wi'ecked at Carlmapu. dur ing Juno. .... According to the Metropolitan Water Board the Londoner's bath night is Sunday, not Saturday. More water is consumed between 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. on Sunday than during the same hours on any other day of the sveek. 