25 YEARS AGO Building Sonlety.--Ir. J. :R. Ash has been elected to the directorate of the New castle Building Society in the place of Mr. Joseph Wood. Eight-hour Day.-The Newcastle Eight bour Day Committee gave consideration to the proposal of the Wallsend Jockey Club to conduct a race meeting on Eight-hour Day in 1909. Strong objection to this was taken. It was stated by several speakers that the day was an exclusive holiday for Labour's'carnival, and that at the proper time a protest would be made to the Gov ernmcnt against the race meeting being eanctioned on that day. Hamilton School Jubilee.--Mr. J. L. Fegan presided at the ceremony held in the Hamilton Mechanics' Institute in con t.ination of the 50th year of the Public School. There was an excellent programme of music and song, Miss V. Gilbert acting as accompanist. West Wallsend. Mlners.-At a meeting of the Miners' Lodge, hll at WVest Walls end, the following were nominated for office-Chairman. Mr. J. Wright: Treea rsrer, Mr. W. Kennedy- Secretary, M|r. T. Charlton: Delegate. Mr. A. York: Com mittee, nMesrs. A. Rechhardt. M. Dalley, T. Vipon, J. Gay and P. McMahon. Barque's Rough Experience.--The Dan ish barique Princess Marie, which left Newcastle on July 22 for Tlquique, had .a tempestuous voyage to its destination. On the firSt day out, the vessel encountered a storm. One of the mailors, while aloft mak ing the sail fast, fell into the sea and was drowned. Tihe seas swept the ship from end to end, carrying away everything mov aile from thile deck and lifting one of the heats from its position and hurling it into the sea. Matters were inade worse when thile carpgo shiftedi. and for a time the posi tion of thile vessel was perilous. The jiour nev occulpied 64 days. Newcastle Cyclists.--Gascoyne and Shep herd. the Newcastle cyclists, met with sW cess in several of the big events at the carnival in Melbourne. Colonel Ranclaud.-A complimentary dinner was tendered Colonel C. Mf. Ran elaud. V.D., by the Infantry officers in Newcastle. Opposition to Immigratlon.-Opposit'iaon to further immigrants being allowed to come to Australia under the assisted policy was expressed at a meeting of the Labour Council. It was decided to communicate with Labour organisation in Great Britain and set out the position as it exists in Nrewcastic. McMyler Holst.-The work of erecting the McSMyler hoist at Carrington is prac tically comolete, and the various parts of the machinery are being tested. IMen are still engaged constructing the inclined rail way road in connection with the hoist, but this should not take long, and coal should he shippedl hv this means earlr in the New Year. Until No. 14 crane-has been re: moved it will not be possible to work the hoist to its maximum capacity oweinl. to there being at the present time insnfficie6it room for the inclined line over whichl the trocks will run. Drought.-Renorts from the Singleton district state that there in beins exneri enced a severe spell of dry weather. Far mers and householders are crying out for rain. Boxlng.-In the boxing contest, O'Don nell against Andrews. in Sydiner, the 're force announced a draw after 20 rounds. Cessnock Water Sunoly.--fr. M. Chorl ton hlas received a letter *enm the autho rities stating that the pipe line to Neath, in connection with the Cessnock supply, has been completed. Scottlash-Australian Mining Co.-The re port of this company for the half-year ended June 30. states that 170.252 tons of coal were sold durling the period. The price was 11/ per ton. Customs Revenue.--The revenne collec ted at the Custom-house for November was £19.445. In the corresnonding month of 1907 the amount was £14.868. Railway Wanted.-A public meeting held at Dubbo decided to lurge the constructinn of a line of railway from that centre to Werris Creek. 