OF INTEREST TO FARMERS : The wholesale price of butter las* * week __ Perth - was: , Bulk . 1/1, , D net ,„: cash with order; l/z DooKed. 1/11 net cash with order; l/l* booked. I ~ cu;ii;„„ a„A (v. Piennv for ShjUuw «id O m A g r i c u Whole Milk:—The Milk Board h^e started Derations wTth an announcement that 1/1 will be paid forwhole wi^h expert discussing this ™th the agricultural paper during the week remarked that this payment was equivalent on » , Hashed the per lb. for butter-fat. He wished the Board every luck. | Swedish Cream Exports to Great Britain:—We are indebted to Messrs. MaUoch Bros, for the follqwing extract from "The Times" London, 28/12/33 as follows:—Ail export bounty on Swedish cream, as part of - a General scheme enacted by the last l ^ h (^vei^4T to assist Swedkh farmers is aroarentlv encouragng substantial shipments to Great IWflin an alternative to equiva- £nt butKr exports whose volume has teeninfluenSfd ^ the Ottawa w^"law''provides S t s for the paymentj of bounty "trovides on the for export the of payment butter „, or a bounty on the ine export expori. of butter uu^c financed by a small duty on milk sold to consumer. This duty is estimated to yield 10,000,000 kronor annuilly. thereby permitting the payment of a. bount/ on all. butter exported fromi Sweden The law has now been ex- ^ t- pn-ouraee Snorts "of S e n lnd ^r aid of, fZ?WntT*ffi Sunt of exnort hiS'sf is beW built up, chiefly I L rS^Rritain^it h^beenfound +Hp"hiiHir rfutv in Great i Britaipas the ^ esult of the Otiawa j Agreements. amounts to about 2d. a p<Snd on tke present price. The duty on milk and cream was not toached afc Ottawa and remains at 10 per cent. It has been calculated that the duty and freight on cream are lower than the duty on butter, and that therefore it is more profitable! to export, cream, particularly as the) Government has agreed to pay almost the same bounty on exports of cream as it does on butter. The butter [ produced from this Swedish cream is, in England stamped , as being , . „ British produce and fetches a considerably higher price than the imported commodity. TW Quality of Our. Butter:—During' a* recent informative analysis of the present butter position which was made by Mr. Baron Hay, the Superintendent of Dairying, he stated that there were several important considerations which had been brought into existence by the increase in'production. The immediate effect of that increase was to constitute the necessity for the export of but-j ter." That factor affected all factories and all producers, because it brought the matter of quality into the manufacture of the West Australian article. From newspaper dis-l cussidris which had taken place dur- j ing the last eighteen taionths, and in i fact ever sibce fhis State had enter-J ed the field as an exporting State j there had been considerable heartburnings In' certain directions as to the Efforts alid means which could be devised' whereby" the quality of our! butter could be improved. It was es-' sential that such an improvement should take place because it meant that *&s; a result every producer 'would receive inbre for his product than had been' the case in the past. He would point" out that this contention even applied ; tb the local market, for their expe'rience" had been that the Eastem States butter commanded from Id. to lid. per lb. in our own market md^ than the local butter. All sorts oT iirj^umeiitS had been advanced toi acc^nt for this unnatural position.l It has bfeen stated for instance thatje it iyas " impossible for West Australian^butter to be manufactured of an even quaSity to compare with the'b Easftfern States product because they' did" 1 not possess the pastures to en- J able thisto be done. That was not j true;"" Such" 1 a statement "would -would Hot beiu^ J3y clos£ investigation and n*tjl »nnM could ha be Hfe- was hopeful that they wdiM' b^ able to ^manufacture butter here of ^'quality that would compare with' anytiSng' that could be pt-oduce<f in ^rtiy Other State. Some months flgbHb'e Department a6 the result of most ireful consideration realised thai the iquestibn of the quality of our own buter was fatal to the welfare of the industry, and inevitably wrt»5ld^lose the industry and the State inoney. As a matter of fact whefa 'the whole of the State -was ta&n; into tonsideration it became evident that'the position was not as it . should be through butter being manufactured other than equal to the be^U The Department therefore determined 1 to find ways and 1 means whereby the quality could be improved. Kifih^ii ""Grass -Condemned:—After hearing Dr. Dunne's address at Harvey, on different grasses and pasture management, one of those present remerked that some time ago he succeeded in getting a few roots of kikayu grass which he had planted. As a MESflit he was now happy to say that he secured, nearly half an acre of kikuyu grass, with the results from whi<?n,~ he was more than satisfied. Dr. Dunne stated that he had not made any experiments with kikuyu grassy for < the reason that to him it ^appeared that while this garicular grass was a rapid grower there was too much waste to make a general proposition out of . it. He had noticed that kikuyu grass under grazing grew too much stem to be a farpt class fodder while paspalum ^ liib p&ir; lsted wafe all f oliage. Be j was hopeful to get further information on the point. Up to date it ap-1 pean?d to hlfni that t h e^e was percentage of stem which . meant that a lot of good was being taken from the soil and goi n& i n t 0 stem when to! be a first c| ass pas t U re it should go'e j n t 0 leafage Mr. Johnston, the Inspector of the l t u r a l Bank stationed at Harfe mentioRed at this stage that.i ^ time ago an analysb of kikuyir published by Mr. Sutton and demonstrated that the component, were almost, t identical with lucerne when put up * . f) . r * - u —x X I irec tor of Agriculture stated that the analysis was made at the ^ ^ ex^ri mental farm but it to be remembered that the climate obtaining there was quite differ- ent to that of Harvey. From his recollection he would say that the kikuyu grown there was more leafy than the kikuyu which they had in-( spected that day. He had to admit that in the past he had been a keen ad-; vocate of kikuyu but his advocacy of j that pasture had been lessened by what he had seen that day. The position as they had seen it was just as Dr. Dunne had pointed out. It was im-U possible to think that the kikuyu jas .which what they had had been* inspected claimed was for as good] this as particular what had pasture been hitherto. claimed for It could this particular ____ v pasture ^ hitherto. —„ It could not be said that the stems which they had seen m such quantities indicated a good pasture, or that they contain- .ed as high a percentage of protein as^ would have been T Contamed_by ; a more leafy \- „ growth. Under these cir-j cumstance"s kikuyu could not be claim-1 ed to be as Valuable as paspalum which was so leafy. Dr. Dunne commenting upon the 'statement which had been made* by I Johnston said that the analysis of plants was not always reliable, as plant life reacted to the conditions under which is was grown the fertilisers which were used and in general to its environment. Thus, for instance, it had been found that by feeding plants heavily withi nitrogen j the protein content of the plant could !be boosted up. . . Two Entirely Different Opinions:— A correspondent from the Pmjarra sends the following strong criticism of the personnel of the Metropolitan Milk Board. He states that he cannot understand the Min ister of Agriculture ,Mr. Ferguson, in making the appointments in question. The chairman, Mr. T. H. Wilson, was at one time, it-is- true the • Presideht' of the Royal Agricultural Society, but he is a City tnan pure and simple, a£nd his association with the land is comprised in the fact that he owns a wheat farm on .the Midland Railway. Mr. F. E. Gibson, the Mayor of Fremantle, is, so our correspondent understands, a chemist by'profession; Mr. Kirton, who at one time was the member for Fremantle is a journalist by training, and it will be generally understood that his nomination was. a graceful tribute to the Labour Party, a fact which will be fully appreciated by Primary Producers. The actually selected representatives of the producers were the second and third choices of the different primary producers Associations; but in making those recommendations, it should be remembered that the first choices were emphasised by the different Organisations as expressing the emhatic wishes of the nominating Eodies. These men were disregarded. The men passed over included such practical hard headed men as J. Abernethy the well known dairyman of Byford; Wm. Taylor of Mundijong, another dairyman; S. Russell of Serpentine: J. D. Smith of • Waroona; Roy Hayward of Harvey and Denis Keane. These men are leaders in the producing industry in their respective districts, and they were all passed over, and second preferences selcted. The agricultural representative of this paper during the course of a. rief chat with Mr. Roy Hayward,} the President of the Harvey Agricul-j tural Society sounded that gentleman upon his opinion as to the representa-j tive character or otherwise "of the OAoiul Board. Ua Hei «iU said ho he thnnirlif thought if. it Urns was an! excellent selection and the Minister was to be*cominended upon the choice which he had made. The chairman had wide practical, commercial and executive experience; Mr. Gibson who had been Mayor of Fremantle for so many, yiears rightly possessed the confidence of the people. He thought Mr. Barton's appointment as a consumers representative would be widely approved and the producers representatives had the full confidence of the producers throughout the supplying districts. Altogether he thought. thi selection was wise and adequate and he had heard nothing- but approval expressed concerning the men picked out to administer a very difficult biisinpqq " cult busmess. j Fairbridge Farm School:—The at-j ten tion of the Committee of the Fair-1 bridge Farm School has been direct-! ed to a letter published in your issue; of January 20, from one of your cor-' respondents in the Murray District, to which I am directed to reply. " I Your correspondent claims to have' been ah enthusiastic supporter of the' scheme. This interest I take it,' would not have been aroused without some intimate knowledge of our woric, and it would have been perhaps j fairer to the Farm School if he had; personally satisfied himself—which 1 it would have been quite easy for him' to do—as to the accuracy of the in-j formation in which case I am sure he would not have been impelled to even suggest that the Farm is oper-' ating "detrimentallly to West Australia's • rising ; generation." In the first place we have ample' evidence that tbe Fairb^dge children do not interfere with the chances of other children obtaining employment. The number of applications we receive are inded far in excess of thei number we can supply,} and so far as the question of wages'goes, the following figures may be of interest. We have out at employment 348 children at an average wage of 12/3 with keep, (Full details of the amount paid to each child are available.) Never at any time have boys beten allowed out at anything like 2/ or 2/6, and the suggestion that this slender amount also includes keep, is of course too absurd for words. In five cases only have the wages paid fallen below 7/6 and in these P articular cases there were special compensating circumstances. Another point which hfis been raisd is the question iof : the. following up j of the children's movements in the future. The system of Aftercare provided by Fairbridge involving as t does regular reports from employers, regula^rttspondeiice with the children, and regular visits by After* care officers, has been pronounced by he oversea Settlement Committee as the most satisfactory in existence in any part of the world where British children have been immigrated. Your correspondent is of course not aware—and it is just as well that the public of "Western Australia should know—that Fairbridge child- ren brought out from England represent to W.A., an aggregate sum equal to £175 per head. It is hardly possible to estimate the economic value to West Australia of these transfers of money, and m respect of which it must be remembered that nothing in the way of interest or dividends go out of the country. Another thing which must be reaised is the fact that the Fairbridge Farm children are in fact that West status Australians. the moment They enjoy they set foot upon from our from shores the moment and are they therefore entitled our to be shores regarded and are in therefore exactly the entitled same way as West Australian born children. In conclusion, Colonel Heath and the Committee would extend a welcome to the. Fahn School to anyone interested, and would be pleased to produce all'records pertaining to the. employment of children and to fully explain the system employed with regard to their aftercare. Heresay evidence is seldom satisfactory, and in this case — is - far from correct,- Fours " faithfully, A. F. Stowe, Secretary. The Vita-Lick Lamb Competition:] If the maximum results are to be obtained when giving a mineral supplement in Western Australia, it is ab-j solutely essential that the lick be fed! during the winter period for the following reasons:— ! (1) More results per unit of outlay are obtained from giving ewes during the gestation period and young growing latnbs a mineral lick than any other type of stock. In Western Australia this period is the -winter. (2) Continuous application of a mineral supplement winter and summer means economy. (3) Absolute prevention of diseases, caused by mineral deficiency which" occur, in "Western Australia during ' tbe summer months, can only be prevented really successfully by giving lack in the winter time, thus enabling the sheep to enter thej more deficient period (the; summer> with a positive mineral balance. Vita-Lick Ltd. /state these" are scientific facts which are borne out in practice and in order to bring these points forcibly before the Western Australian stockowners, and as a; gesture of confidence in their opinion, they are offering £100 in cash prizes for tbe best lambs sent forward to Midland Junction during August, September and October. There is no entrance fee and all lambs are' eligible for the competition provided they comply with the following conditions:— (1) That the ewes have been on a Vita-Lick' Mineral Supplement fro.m April 1' until the 1 lambs' are weaned. , (2) That the lambs have had 'our" Lack from birth' until marketed. (3) That the lick is given In properly constructed troughs so that the essential mineral elements are not washed out when it rains. Entries for this Competition _ close on April 1 ,1933 and further.information in reference to the competition can be obtained from Messrs. Goldsborough, Mort & Co. Ltd., who are running this competition in association with Vita-Lick Limited. A Change of Mind:—Speaking at Harvey on the question of mineral licks the Director ' of Agriculture, Mr. Sutton said that during the : last few weeks the Department had : received letters from correspondents in the country to the effect that the officers of the Department were wrong in recommending Bi- Galcic Phosphate. If has been stated that they had no scientific authority justifying the stand they had taken. One of the reasons given "why they should "not make . the recommendation . _ -- is that Di- - Calcic Phosphate is made froml mrnendI phosphate^^^js^ontend- ?d that^the Di-Calcic Phosphate made >n South Africa is made from bonemeal. Such a contention, remarked the Director, is a pure banaUty. Another statement which had been put forward to throw discredit upon the recommendation of the Department was that four or five years ago he personally recommended that farmers should use Formula C which corisisted of crude Dicalcic Phosphate and rock phosphate- Now it was said that he had changed his mind, and furthermore it was actual^ alleged that a man who changed his_; mind ; should be disregarded because he was unreliable. He did not agree with that contention. If he ever made a statement and subsequently found that his information was incorrect, or his conclusions wrong, or had misinterpreted the information which ne had to hand, then he had always taken the first available opportunity to 'rectify the erroneous impression j which he had created. If on the other hand something better was discovered which superseded some course Of ay out of the difficulty. The "sup*- nation was an excellent one. Mr. srcy Rose had followed this course ith success for some time. . J„ „ _ _ .. • , I Choicest Butter:—following «iei jcent —I- —excellent ^ address -.m™.. by the Su ^>-« erintendent of Dairying at Brunsick Mr. Kasten asked the question VTho apportioned the Id. per lb. hich is the difference paid between hqicest and first firade butter under le existing arrangement? The Suerintendent of Dairying in. reply said liat the Department had no say in lie actual price paid. Their only conection with the matter was in seeig that the Dairying Industries Act bould be administered. The Act in uestion stipulated that a variation price should be paid as between lie different grades of butter-fat, but he actual price was fixed at a meet ng of the Butter and Bacon Man6- acturers Association which took lace each month.' It was significant hat although the difference between hoice and first grade was only id. he difference' between the first and econd grade was 30 per cent. There ras a time when it had been 50 per ent. The matter was not a question or interference by the Government nd he would point out that since the irincipal Company operating in the lutter manufacturing business was co-operative concern the question f price was one which the share- Lolders themselves could, and should ecide. Mr. Kasten said he thought he Act should be altered, as the poition, as it stood to-day, vsis ridicuous. Mr. Baron Hay: I agree that is • ridiculous, but I have not the •ower to -say anything in the matter nd neither has the Department. If d. difference as between "choice" nd "first grade?' was stipulated, or ven if the difference was id. it rotild make a great alteration in the osition. As the position is to-day provided a differential rate is paid I lave no power to say what the diference shall be. An Agrostological Question:—Mr. tanley, a farmer in the Brunswick istrict, desired a little information t-om the Superintendent of Dairying ;t the recent Brunswick meeting. His rouble was to know what to do with is pasturage betewen May and June, 'he position was that his cows got quart of water with every bite of rass during those months. He wanti to know from the Superintendent rhat he would do under those ciriimstances. Mr. Baron Hay said the osition seemed rather a difficult one s it had been put to him. Speaking I hand he would say that it was npossible to grow grass under such onditions. That is to say if there as so much surplus water. He lought the question was one that ould be better asked of Dr. Dunne, ie agrostological expert, who was > have been there that evening but -as prevented from being present. >r. Dunne was carrying out a numr of experiments at Harvey and rom those experiments he underbood that he would daw such conusions as would enable him to prosed with further experiments. It »wever, took time to advise with t rtainty, and he did not think Dr. onne would venture an opinion after cperimenting for one year. Intestinal Parasites of Sheep:— H. A. Veron, Director Research aboratories, Vita-Lick Ltd., writes: Sheepmen generally appreciate ie tremendous mortality and reducefficiency occasioned by intestinal .rasites of sheep. Do they realise the Iqeand importance of adopting inteljentand systematic methods in comiting these profit robbing enemies the sheep industry? One often wonders whether they i, when one sees so many obviously ormy flocks and is conversant with trust in providence attitude lopted by so many sheepmen in reird to the treatment and control of ese parasites. How much loss do these parasites casion? It is only possible to ansr this question in a general way, we have but little data with num s of flocks extending over a perd of years from which to calculate rtual loss. The writer knows a number of proxies in different States of, the mmonwealth upon which the losses young 6heep between the ages of months and 2 topth,. exceeds 10 per nt., and in. some instances m cerin seasons exceeds 20 per cent. Apart from these deaths which uniabtedly reach enormous figures, a smendous loss to the sheep industry occasioned by intestinal parasites, ich loss may be expressed in terms hindered growth and development Iambs and young growing sheep, OS necessitating more time and feed the animals to reach maturity d the stage of maximum profitable turn: reduced wool .production and turai increase; loss 'of condition d consequent delay in marketing eep intended fcrslaughter; and ver^ resistwice to other diseases! These *are only some of tfie losses ;a£ioned' by intestinal parasites, fc undfc existing space limits will fve as' uiistratione; without lurcher iboratiori of evidence or statistical .tter. r ' ' [n testinal parasites do not attack g^y, they operate in mass forman and are fluently found,as mix-1 infestations. . In a single s^eep" as 1 ,ny as six or more different species parasites may be found, n their attack these parasites do n?e than infest. They rob the host nutriment, deplete f the blood, and the tissue structures and open • door to bacterial Invasion, and id sheep's system with poisons. They work quietly, unobtrusively, reflectively, for weeks or months «d by the sheep owner. >fteepnven Unsuspecting:— Many lepttaen fail to ^suspect that losses the|r flocks are i«B to the ravages intestinal parasites, t- because the amon symptoms of untferiftiness, iccompanied by fever running ilonged course, with a few animals X at irregnlar intervals, is not atcular enough to attract attenten sheep were to die in a pad' in one day the owner's attenwould be at once attracted, and WQSdd no doubt take some steps to Etraiine the cause. On the other id, if twice this number were to lit the same paddock over a period pionths, at the rate of one or week, he would in ail proba- _ Jot become very perturbed but ig»t the loss as-inevitable and due ;bing beyond his control. |s no question that intestinal are ^veloping to such an snt flaGt tiiey are a majbr problem many districts where a few years they were of no economic imtaoce. These parasites, like many other pests, will continue to multi-f ply and spread unless some definite;t actidft. is taken by sheep owners to j check themj? A, knowledge of the life cycle of in-jt t^tinaW p^radfrtes of sheep is essen-j tial understanding of their treltmejn • \- control. • - j The sheep' r who desires to j. * _ i obtain the maximum return from his' flock and reduce the cost of produc- le tion vvil, have to take the p,.obiem of'te intestinal parasites seriously. He must bear in mind that only by adopting intelligent -and systematic methods can he hope to efficiently and' economically contend with such a g subtle enemy. Let him ask himself what he is do-! ing to check the multiplication of| these parasites, and what he is doing j to protect his sheep from their bad! effects. Is he adopting any properly ] prepared plan of campaign against them or is he waiting until someonr | discovers a method of banishing these j parasites at one fell swoop from! sheep and pastures for good and all J If he is adopting the wait and sepi policy he is unconsciously arraigning! himself on the side of the parasites ! in the attack upon the sheep and is' assisting them to multiply and fortify themselves upon his property, and ' the dav is not far distant when hei will be" shocked into taking some de-j finite action which, owing to his past! and present neglect, will not ,be as productive of results as it would be if put into * operation immediately. Spread of the Pest:—The increase and spread of intestinal parasites for many years was slow but none the less sure, keeping pace with the development of the sheep industry, but j point has now been reached where tHeir increase and spread may be rapidly accomplished. The history of the sheep industry in Australia is a history of gradual transition from shepherding small flocks on large areas, to pastoral | conditions consisting of large fenced areas lightly stocked, and finally to small holdings heavily stocked. This implies several things. Shep-j herding and pastoral conditions imply light stocking—few sheep to the square. mile, a flock having a wide grazing range and feeding over the same! ground at infrequent intervals. As settlement advanced and a demand set in for land, values rose. Large estates were cut up and fenced into smaller paddocks. The sheep population increased per square milej and flocks grazed over the same! ground more "frequently. l Concomitantly the character of thej flocks changed. Nondescript and in-j different animals would no longer) pay for themselves. The sheepman's j attention was concentrated upon breeding sheep for their capacity to; transform pasture into wool. [ The demand for land and values increased. Ultimately it became economically necessary to get the most' out of the land. This meant still | smaller holdings with smaller pad-1 docks, sheep crowded to the carryingI capacity of the land and feeding over the same area almost daily. - Under the old order of shepherding [ and large fenced areas the parasites I were unable to multiply to any great extent. They were at a distinct dis-] advantage. Light stocking restrict-; ed the parasites to light infestations. • The infective larva hatching from the egg dropped in the faeces of aj sheep was unable to pursue its hostj over a large area, and had to wait until such time as the sheep again i fed over that spot before it could be', picked up and gain entrance to the! intestial tract of its host, where it' could develop to maturity and pro-j duce colossal numbers of eggs. j As sheep became confined to small-1 er grazing areas and increased in | numbers per square mile, necessitat-! ing feeding over the same ground I more frequently, the parasites increased. I The individual egg production ' of j the female of some species, which; reaches an output of from twenty to'p thirty thousand per day, puts the 1 odds in favour of the parasites when; the sheep are kept on limited areas j densely sowed with enormous num-' bers of parasitical eggs. j Curing Tobacco:—Mr. G. J. Tre-! Senna, the tobacco expert of New j South Wales and the recognised (p authority of the Commonwealth | states that there are three stages inj curing. They may be stated as fol-j lows:—(1) Yellowing, (2) fixing, (3) killing. No fixed formula can be given, but if the following is taken as a basis the grower will, after curing a few barns, be able to modify or vary the process in some respects to give him the desired results. The First Stage:—As soon as the bam is full, close the building righj up, start the fire going, and bring the temperature up to 90 degrees Fahr. Keep it at this point for 18 to 36 hours, according to the condition of the leaf, limiting the time to' the f shorter period in the case of leaf that is quit ripe, and allowing the full period when the leaf is not so well matured. If the leaf is not yellowing as it should, place sacks on the floor and soak them witjl water to produce ia moist heat; or, better still, if a boiler is handy introduce steam. When the leaves have assumed a nice yellowish colour raise the temperature to 100 degrees, at the rate of 5 de grees each two hours, and keep at this figure for some six hours. Then raise the temperature to 105 degrees and give a little ventilation top and bottom, (Opening the ventilators/ a few inches. In these directions it is presumed that the curing-room is one that has been erected in accordance with the plans supplied by 'the Department of Agriculture. In such a building both temperature and ventilation could be controlled so as to produce the results desired. The Second Stage:—Having obtain ed the temperature of 105 degrees with the limited ventilation mentioned, the conditions should be main tained.for three or four hours. Then increase the temperature t9 110 de- grees, and also increase the ventillation to about one-half of the capacity of the ventilators, and hold at that for three hours. Do not raise the temperature above 110 degrees until the tips of the leaves have dried, however. Next, again raise the temperature to 115 degrees for six hours, giving full ventillation, and then again advance to 120 degrees for six hours with full ventilation. The most critical time is between 110 degrees anji 120 degrees. If the ieat is too fast the leaf will splotch or blister, and if too slow it will sponge, When the sweat can be observed on the leaf, and it will not go off at once, the temperature must increased rapidly by 10 degrees, and all available ventilation given; but if ventilation is given as directed there is little fear of sponging. The Third Stage:—After remaining at 120 degreeB for six hours, leave tbe ventilation at full, and increase he temperature by 5 degrees every two hours to 135 degrees; beyond this do not further increase the temperaure until the blade of the leaf has dried out completely. Then exhaust all moisture by raising the tempera ture every hour by 5'degrees to 180 degrees, and gradually decrease the j j * j m i i!i.j.f _ t — ventilation until only a very little is ft at the top. Keep at the latter a mperature until the stems and s stalks have completely dried out. Ventilation plays a most important partj in successful flue-curing during the; stage from 105 to 140 degrees, andi rowers should pay particular atten-l tion to this matter. The whole pro-J cess will take five or six days. Extinguish the fire as soon as the p tobacco is cured and open the doors and ventilators to cool it off for 24 hours. If the weather be very dry the moisture content of the barn may; be increased with the aid of steam or by means of water thrown on sacks on the barn floor. When thej tobacco is in a condition to handle; without the leaves breaking, it should be taken down on the sticks and bulked until the grower is ready to grade I and bale for market as opportunity! oc-curs. j i Our Economic Problem:—One of; tlie most interesting and informative passing visitors to this State recent ly was Dr. A. E. V. Richardson, Unector* of the Waite Agricultural Research Institute of Adelaide, and a representative of the Commonwealth at the Ottawa Conference, who spent a few hours in Perth, on his way back home. Discussing the economic position as experienced in West Australia in common with the rest of the Commonwealth he stressed the fact that most of the pastoralists and, wheatgrowers in Australia are losing money despite the advantage of a depreciated exchange rate of 25 perl cent. They cannot continue getting further into debt. It is in the interjest of all sections of the comriiunityl that they be placed in a position to, make their industries profitable. If the income from wool and wheat could be increased by forcing up prices, the way to prosperity for the primary producers would be easy, But Australian exporters cannot in fluence, prices. The only sound alter- native "is to bring down production costs to the level of world prices. He \ expressed the opinion that costs can; be lowered, not only by tariff adjustment and other political action only,! but also by increasing yields and clips! and in avoiding losses by eradicating!D diseases and pests. After dealing with which would's have the effect of increasing the pro-j duction of wheat ne passed on to j matters of especial" interest to the South-West. He pointed out that the' application of scientific methods to the pastoral industries will pave the way for considerable economic development. First, there is the reduction Qf losses due to disease. In the aggregate millions sterling are lost annually from the ravages of blowfly,( jijver fluke, caseous lymphadenitis, i 1 braxy — black i.t—i_ disease, j^—~~ and intestinal:' parasites in sheep, —J and from tick, worm nodules, pleuro-pneumonia, abortion, and mammitis, etc., in cattle. Progress is being made by the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research in the attack on these dileases, Malnutrition of Stock:—A second source of loss is caused by malnutrition of stock. The northern areas of Australia experience summer rainfall, followed by a long, dry period in winter. The green herbage grown during the rainy season is highly nutritious, but the dry herbage progressively deteriorates and loses a large portion of its nutritive value, and is abnormally low in protein and minerals. _ The division of animal nutrition has demonstrated that the yield ofi wool may be increased by over 30 per cent, by supplementing the natural asture with a protein-rich concentrate when the pasture is dry and of low nutritive value, In other areas mineral deficiencies in the herbage frequently occur, Lack of phosphorus is the chief trouble. In the heavier rainfall regions the deficiency may be overcome by top-dressing the pasture with soluble hosphates or by sowing drown Im-i proVed pastures. In areas of light rainfaH( where economic considerstions do not permit topdressing, phosphate deficiency may be corrected by allowing stock free access to mineral licks. The practice of supplement-j ing pastures with mineral licks needs to be placed on a sound basis by as-jp certaining- the mineral deficiencies in each cer. in grassland g ne.nun region, ae « adjusting the composition of the lick to the ascertained deficiencies in the pasture, and to the special needs of the grazing animal. A promising field for economic expansion, particularly in dairying and at lamb raising, is the improvement of pastures. Regions of moderate to heavy rainfall, which already carry the bulk of the livestock, are most suited for intensive pasture development. The basic need of the livestock farmer is to obtain the maximum amount of nutritive pasture on his holding. This involves use of the most productive types of pasture plants and the application of methods of management that will maintain them in a good condition. In view of the extensive experiments being conducted in deep rooted perennial grasses, clovers, and - other herbage plants at Ulijugulup (Sabina River State Farm) under the care and management of Professor Patterson it is gratifying to note that Dr. Richardson warmly approved of the value of such studies. He stated that the systematic introduction and testing- of herbage plants from other i countries is of great interest to Australia. Perhaps the most important phase of pasture development is the determination of the most productive type for each climatic and soil region in the higher rainfall country, and the methods of manuring and man agement which will maintain it at a high level of productivity. Increasing Carrying Capacity:— He went on to say that recent research areas of the better rainfall country (over 25 inches) the carrying capacity may be greatly increased, at an economic cost, by ploughing the natural pasture and sowing permanent grasses and clovers with appropiate fertilisers, and that the productivity can be maintained by proper methods of management. Topdressing of natural pastures increases the grass in regions of liberal rainfall, This practice has been extensively adopted, but it has limitations, because of the inherently low productive capacity of the natural species, Recent work has shown that the fertilisers can be used to better effect if more productive species are incorporated into the pasture sward. The dairying industry is ideally suited for intensive production, as it is conducted principally in regions of liberal Rainfall and fertile soil, and by a 'large number of individually small units. The industry is entering an intensive stage of development, and the output will be largely increased when ! the present policies of encouraging herd testing, the use of pare-bred j • aiWiaa ' >«wm«i<mm/I *>MA4-kAy1r> a^ faa/ltMA j sires, improved methods of feeding, nd the elimination of preventable di- d ease, give results. t The carrying capacity of dairy j country can be greatly enhanced by the,more extensive use of sown pastures and the adoption of appro-; priate methods of pasture management. This is the direction in which we may look with confidence for a owering of the costs of production | 'and increasing our competitive power in British markets. The preferential j duty of 15/ per cwt. for butter accorded under the Ottawa agreement ,' will further enhance our competitive power against foreign countries, Speaking of Australia generally as regards irrigation in the Eastern! j States he said that the difficulties met with in irrigation settlements due i to excess of soluble salts in the soil,) unsuitable varieties of fruit and; vines, and unsuitable soils, over irri-i gation, etc., are being overcome, arid j there has been a continuous improve-] ment in the quality of dried and, fresh fruits. • Tbe London Market:—The butter position in London has not improved. Consumption remains good, as might be expected when the best Australian and New Zealand butters are being retailed at lOd. per lb., and even less in some quarters. Even this brisk j consumption is not sufficient to ab-J sorb the available suppUes, and( stocks here are now estimated at ap-l proximately 20,000 tons. As onej leading firm reports, with produc-j tion in Australia and New Zaeland running w eU ahead of last year, buy-; 1 ers feel there is no need to worry about the future. The report adds that owing to the restricted quotas and »nr) high hich tariffs on the Continent, consumption*is very bad, especially in; Germany, so there is practically noj export trade from the London mar-i ket. I The question of a reduction in the s ! imports of butter is attracting much attention. Many traders consider. such action desirable. Their view is expressed by "Commission . Agent," writing in a trade newspaper, .who says:—"There appears to be only one solution of the present low prices. If. enmark would reduce its production by 10 per cent, and cease shipping. urplus quantities which are not re-G quired by the English market, prices would certainly be from 10/-to 15/ lper cwt. higher. The same remark. applies to the colonies. i The Australian Press Association understands that no decision has yet been reached -regarding the restric-' tion of butter imports, but it was a, mistake to believe that the present] negotiations with the Dominions had: arisen from Britain's previous nego-| tiations with Denmark, Argentina and nt^Ar other producers. nm^nporc The fact fa/»f was wae ^-fia-t-l that tho the bottom had fallon fallen out of fha the mar-, ket. In the interests of British pro-i ducers something must be done, and! restriction was the obvious possibili-} ty. i Sir Thomas Wilford, High Commis-; sioner for New Zealand, is silent con-; corning the proposed New Zealand, butter restrictions. He, however, ad-j mits that all the butter producing Dominions were recently in close! touch at the Dominions' Office. Victorian Prices :-Wholesale quote-] tations for butter were reduced reaucea by «y| 4/8 per cwt. m the Melbourne market late last week. Th new price for: choicest quality, is 107/4 per cwt., •and the usual concessions are allowed for secondary grade. The price is the lowest quoted for many years, and is the result of a' further fall in London market quotations. Producers are now obliged to' accept very low returns, a matter which is causing concern in the Industry. The question of restricting exports to ,the United Kingdom is being considered by the Dairy Produce Export Board, together with freight contracts and other important matters effecting the industry. During the week the Commonwealth Graders examined for export 28,173 boxes. _ Dairy Produce Export Board Advices:-—Quotations for butter in the London market fell by 2/ to 3/ per cwt. during the past week. A cable message received - from the London reresentative of the Dairy Produce Export Board, Melbourne, states that the market continues to be dull. Sales of Australian butter in the United Kingdom during the week ended 14th February, were 57,000. boxes at an average price of 77/ per cwt. for salted "Kangaroo" brand, and 78/6 for unsalted. On February 16 Danish butter was quoted at 101/ per cwt., j New Zealand at 77/, salted "Kangaroo" brand at 74/ to 75/, first 76/. to 77/. Later the market for Australian eased to 74/. - Retail prices are: —Danish 1/1, and Empire butter lOd: to lid., mostly lOd. per lb. Unsold stocks of • Australian consignments are 117,000 boxes, and the quantity of Australian butter in Hays wharf stores is 206,000 boxes. New Zealand butter stocks are 316,000 boxes. The Market Reviewed:—A. J. Mills and Co. Ltd., London, in their yearly market report which is just to hand, state that imports of butter to Great Britain in 1932 show a marked increase over 1931, the principal increase being from Australia and New Zealand. Total imports in 1931 were 403,000 tons, out of which the Empire contributed 49 per cent., whereas in 1932 total imports were 422,500 tons, and the Empire supplied 52 per cent. Denmark, notwithstanding a decrease in total exports of 8 per; cent, for that year, increased her shipments to Great Britain by 5 per -cent., and retains the position as chief supplier by contributing 31 per cent, of the total imports. Owing to increased tariffs and restrictions, Germany, France and roost other European countries have been unable to import their usual requirements of Danish and other Baltic States r butter, with the result that Great Britain has had to absorb a larger percentage. Imports from most of the other northern European countries show a decline, which indicates that either their production is defining or they are consuming more at home. A gratifying feature is the decline of 20 per cent, in the imports from Russia, Germany and Holland, with the object of raising the price of their own production, have recently Introduced legislation that a minimum of 10 per cent, of home produced hutter be used in the manufacture of" margarine. lliis should absorb considerable quantities, and may enable these countries to become larger importers in future. During the last two years total im- ports of butter have grown by 24perj cent., and this enormous increase in ! quantity could only have been con-J turned by reducing the retail price j and increasing consumption at the. expense of margarine. Consumption] continues to expand. ^ In 1931 the s I consumption averaged 7325 tons weekly, increasing last year to .7760J IfnMB aftrt iiAmmontr aaflWBfAB rn&r; tons, and the company estimates that uring the last two months consumpion has averaged 8200 tons weekly. Australia and New Zealand have both shown a tremendous increase in production so far this season, which mecounts for the record monthly import for December'of 42,000 tons. , The quality of both Australian and New Zealand butter has been satisfactory, and the outlets are continu- ; ally expanding, partculariy m the midlands and North of fcngland.so that it can now be said that Empire butter is being sold in every city, town and village in the United King- >dom. Sydney Prices:—-During the week ] the Commonwealth Graders examined for export 14,532 boxes, In the same period 103,039 boxes of salted and 12,182 boxes of unsalted butter were graded in Australia for export. Benefits from the recent rains are, 1 still reflected in the various dairying districts of ..New South Wales and the output is expanding. There is £till a large surplus of low grades for export. Price 114/$ per cwt. Queensland Prices;—During the week the Commonwealth Graders exalined 38,881 boxes for exportT There are indications of rain of a general nature and production is in-, Creasing steadily in all districts. I j South Australian Prices:—Produc-' Df butter continues at satisfactory levels for this time of the year, an(j cooier weather conditions have assisted the manufacture of choicest butter, but it is still necessary to Im- port some choicest — butter — from — Vic toria to keep local demands for this grade satisfied. Values are to-day unaltered, but the news from London is not encouraging, and the market tiU remains in a weak, unsettled condition, with heavy arrivals, for which there is no immediate sale, because consumption in the United Kingdom js below the quantity coming for- Ward. If values do not recover, an adjustment of prices .here seems inestable, but every effort is being made to keep prices steady. During the week the Commonwealth raders examined for export 8,756 boxes of butter and 722 crates ofi cheese. I Another advice states- In South! Australia'production is declining ra pldly; especiidly iii choicest grades,® and larger importations are necessary FARMING NOTES j (Continued from I^age j ! 