World's News In Brief RARE METAL ISOLATED. The American Chemical Society has announced that it has isolated the very rare metal proactinium, which is re- puted to be worth £200,000 an ounce. It is silvery and radioactive. The rays are stated to be more penetrating than those of radium. VIENNA'S FIRST WAR MEMORIAL. The first war memorial to be con- structed In Vienna, a monument to Austria's "unknown soldiers," was un- veiled last Monday in the presence of the Chancellor (Dr. Schuschnigg). members of the Hapsburg family and the diplomatic corps. The memorial is a hall open to the sky. STRIKE RIOTS IN MADRID. Eight persons were killed and 45 wounded in riots at Madrid early in the week, following a strike lasting a day. Several of the persons killed were bystanders watching clashes be- tween the police and the rioting strikers. One woman was fatally shot while standing on her kitchen bal- cony. ROBBERY FROM JUDGE'S HOME. Thieves raided the home of Chief Justice Dethridge, in Caroline-street, South Yarra, on Wednesday night, smashed a window with a pair of hedge clippers from the garden, and stole £12 after ransacking the premises. A number of valuable or- naments and other articles were un- touched. RICH MAN'S DEATH IN HOVEL. Having lived for years in the Wel- lington (N2.) slum quarter iñ appar- ent poverty. Alfred Robert Carey (72), was found dead In a hovel recently. Police found £74 in the hovel, includ- ing 92 half sovereigns and discovered that Carey had £700 in the Bank of Kew South Wales and £914 in the post office savings bank, WRONGFUL ARREST. Miss Ailsa Amy Mary Boles was awarded £400 damages in the No. 2 Jury Causes Court at Sydney on Thursday against two police con- stables for alleged trespass, wrongful an-est and false imprisonment. During his summing up. Mr. Justice Maxwell stated that perjury had been commit- ted by one side or the other. HORSE INJURES FARMER. Carlo Memoli (45), farmer, of Wright's Creek, in the Cairns district of Queensland, was savaged by a horse at feeding time on Wednesday, and seriously injured. He lay in agony for two hours before being discovered by his wife. Both Memoli's jaws were broken, his skull was fractured, and he sustained severe chest injuries. AERIAL HOLIDAYS. Two brothers, both certified pilots, and aged 19 and 25 respectively, land- ed at London on Wednesday after hav- ing completed a 10-day tour of -Europe in a hired plane. They called at Paris. Lausanne, Basie, Frankfurt, Berlin, Hanover, Amsterdam, Brussels and Ostend. The all-in cost was £90, whereas ship and train travelling over the same route would have cost £150 without hotel expenses. THE RECOVERY OF TREASURE. A new company. Treasure Recovery Ltd, is to be formed in Sydney to search for treasures said to be hidden in various parts of the world. Its first aim is to recover gold and jewels from Cocos Island, about SOO miles west of Panama City. The expedition ls to be equipped with a modern seaplane and a motor yacht. It is believed that C JCOS Island contains treasure stolen from ancient churches in Peru. U.S. TEXTILE STRIKE. Under heavy military protection a few of the southern U.S. cotton mills, which were closed by the-great strike of textile workers, were re-opened on Tuesday. No serious violence was caused, but in New England blood was shed in several clashes between pic- kets and camping guards. In a riot ! at a curtain plant in Danielson (Con- necticut) 15 men. Including several troopers, were Injured. The various unions claim that more than 400,000 operatives have ceased work. DEATH FOR INDIAN TERRORISTS. Three young Bengall terrorists were sentenced to death by a special tri- bunal of two Europeans and one In ¡ dian, at Darjeeling, on Wednesday, at the conclusion of a case in which seven terrorists were charged in connection with the unsuccessful shooting at the Governor of Bengal (Sir John Ander- son) at a racecourse, on May 8 last. Two of the others were sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment with bard labor. j one to 12 years' hard labor, and the seventh, a woman, to imprisonment for ¡life. SWISS MOUNTAIN TRAGEDIES. As the result of storms and torren- tial rains which swept Central Swit- zerland last week-end, eight Alpine climbers lost their lives, and several others were injured. Three persons from Basle fell to their deaths from i a peak of the Galenstock, the bodies of two Italians were -found on Monte Rosa, and another died from exhaus- tion in the Klausen district. Two tourists are missing on the Gletchorn, and all hope of their being alive is now abandoned. SHANGHAI'S BAN ON TROTTING. The Shanghai City Government has definitely refused permission to a re- cently formed trotting club to conduct racing in Shanghai. Fifty Australian trotters and equipment, and a dozen Australian drivers were recently im- ported there by a local Chinese and a foreign group, but the sport failed to arouse enthusiasm, only one meeting being conducted before the Govern- ment's decision. The chief opposi- tion to the permit was that Shanghai already possesses too many organised forms of gambling. YOUTH'S GRAVE OFFENCE. A boy aged 15 years and 10 months, who pleaded guilty to Mr. Justice Dwyer in the Criminal Court on Tuesday to a charge of having com- mitted rape on a married woman at a farm at West Brookton, where he was employed, was committed to the Sea- forth Boys' Home until he reaches the age of 18. SUBURBAN ROBBERY. Jewellery, cutlery, and clothing to the value of £7 were stolen from the home of Mrs. Oliver Harper, in The Avenue, Nedlands, between 10.30 aan. ond 5 pm. on Tuesday. It is appar- ent that the thieves spent some time in the house, as they helped themselves to some gin. and left the empty bottle on the dining- room floor. CHINAMAN'S ESCAPE. A goods train, with a passenger coach attached, travelling between Jandakot and Bibra Lake, towards Fremantle, struck a horse and cart driven by Wing Cheung, market gard- ener, at a crossing at 8.15 a.m. on Thursday. The Chinaman was thrown clear and sustained only cuts on the face, but the horse was dragged for about 50 feet and broke a fetlock. It was able to rise when released, but was later destroyed. A SUSPECT CONVICTED, As the result of numerous com- plaints or pockets being picked during the goldfields racing carnival, Norman Smith, a recent arrival from the East- ern States, was charged in the Kal- goorlie Police Court with having been in unlawful possession of £34/15/11. 'reasonably suspected of being stolen. Ho was convicted, and sentenced to six months* Imprisonment. Smith's record showed that he had 16 convictions against him in New South Wales, In- cluding many for stealing from the person, three in Western Australia and two in Victoria. HOTEL LICENSEE FINED. A fine of £10 with 4/6 costs was im- posed on William Lightly, licensee of the Australia Hotel, Murray-street. Perth, in the Perth Police Court when he was charged with having suffered liquor to be consumed on the hotel premises by unauthorised persons dur- ing prohibited hours. The offence was alleged to have occurred on the night of August 24-25. The three men who iver© found leaving the hotel, pleaded guilty of having left the hotel with li'juor in their possession during pro- hibited hours. One, who did not ap- pear in court, was fined £3 with 4/6 costs, and the other two were each fined £3 with 4/6 costs. BRITISH ZINC INDUSTRY. In order to counteract foreign com- petition, and -with a view to establish- ing a larger British zinc-rolling indus- try, the British Government has in- creased the duty on zinc sheets, strip plates, discs, and circles to £5 per ton, or 15 per cent, ad valorem, whichever is the greater. NEW ZEALAND STORMS. A bitter . southerly storm, accom- panied by snow in many areas, swept the east coast of New Zealand from Dunedin to Auckland early in the week. Sheep farmers are perturbed as the lambing season is at its height. North Canterbury experienced the worst September snowstorm for many years, one farmer losing 100 lambs. RAJAH SUSPENDED. The Indian Government has ordered the Rajah of Jhabuati, the ruler of a small State in Central India, to leave the State for an indefinite period, and hand over the administration to an Indian Government official. The order follows repeated warnings re- garding bis misuse of ruling powers and neglect in administration. MURDER OF HOTELKEEPER. The New Zealand Cabinet has in- creased the reward for the discovery of the murderer of Donald Fraser, at the Racecourse Hotel. Riccarton, in November last from £300 to £600. Fraser, who was the proprietor of the hotel and owner of the horse Silver Ring, who is now racing in Australia, was fatally shot while in bed. SYDNEY'S TRAMS AND BUSES. The New South Wales Cabinet on Monday rejected an offer to purchase the Sydney metropolitan trams and buses from the Government for £5,000,000. The name of the Sydney company making the offer was not disclosed. Afterwards, the Premier (Mr. Stevens) stated that the tram- ways were not in a very healthy posi- tion financially. GREENLAND CROSSED. Danish newspapers have acclaimed Lieutenant Martin Lindsay's sledge expedition of 1000 miles, from the. east coast to the west coast of Greenland, across the ice cape, as one of the most daring made in that country. They declare that if the scientific results are proportionate, the effort will be one of the most Important in the annals of Arctic exploration. A NEW BRITISH DESTROYER. At the launching of the new des- troyer Fury from the shipyard at East Cowes, Isle of Wight, during the week, Vice-Admiral Astley-Rushton, com- mander of the Reserve Fleet at Ports- mouth, stated that the vessel had a cruising radius of about 6000 miles without refuelling, so that it was vir- tually a cruiser. The Vice-Admiral's wife performed the christening. ALBURY MURDER REWARD. Acting upon the recommendation of the Commissioner of Police (Mr. Childs), the New South Wales Gov- ernment has decided to offer a reward of £250 for information that will lead to the arrest and conviction of the person responsible for the murder of a young woman whose body was found battered and charred under a. culvert near Albury about three weeks ago. FEDERAL LEADER'S ESCAPE. Dr. Page, the Leader of the Federal Country Party, and his daughter. Miss Mary Page, narrowly escaped serious injury on Tuesday morning, when their car skidded on a new deviation near Tyringham (N.S.W.), struck "a rock, overturned, rolled down an em- bankment, and stopped upside down against the stump of a tree. Both oc- cupants were imprisoned tor about 20 minutes, but suffered only a few scratches and slight burns from acid which Sowed from the battery. UNUSUAL. MURDER SENTENCE. At the Criminal Sessions at Maritz burg. South Africa, Frank Percy Per- kins, an elderly ex-policeman and far- mer, was found guilty, by a jury, of culpable homicide in shooting a far- mer named van Staden. He was sen- tenced to 15 months' imprisonment, with the last 12 suspended on condi- tion of his good behavior and tba within three months he transfers bis farm of 431 acres, valued at £2/10/ an acre, to van Staden's widow and children by way of compensation. AUSTRALIA'S INCREASED POPU- LATION. The Commonwealth Statistician (Mr. E. T. McPhee) has estimated that Aus- tralia's population increased by 62.395 during 1933, a rate of growth of 0.79 per cent, per annum. The whole of the increase, with the exception of 243 persons, was due to the excess of births over deaths. It is estimated that Australia's population at the end of 1933 was 6.656,912, a growth of 900.772 since the end of 1923. Excess of births over deaths contributed 771 per cent, of that total, and new immi- gration 22J per cent INK-THROWING INCIDENT. Patricia Hackett solicitor, of Gren fell-street Adelaide, was fined £20 with £4/3/ costs, in default imprison- ment for 28 days, in the Adelaide Po- lice Court on Tuesday, on a charge of unlawfully assaulting Sidney Fred- erick Downer on September 4. The charge was laid as the result of Miss Hackett's visiting Parliament House on that day and throwing a bottle of ink over Downer, a reporter, who had adversely criticised a play she had produced. He suffered a superficial lacerated wound above the left eye, tho bottle having struck him there. AMERICAN LOANS MATURING. Almost £300,000,000 sterling of! Tj.S_A_ securities maturing in October I are to be redeemed entirely by ex- \ changes of stock, with no cash sub- scriptions offered, because of the un- settled condition of the Government securities market Holders of £250,000,000 sterling worth of Fourth Liberty Loan bearing 41 per cent in- terest, are being offered thc option of accepting four-year notes a£ 2h per cent or 10-year bonds bearing 3J per cent Two-year notes at li per cent are to be offered in exchange for £105,000,000 sterling of other Govern- ment issues due in October. DEATH OF VERSATILE MUSICIAN. Sir George HenscheL singer, pian- ist conductor and composer, died in London on Monday, at the age of 84. Born in Germany in February, 1850, he was a man of remarkable vigor, emer- ging from retirement in 1928 (when 78 years of age) to give a successful song recital in London. In the next year he broadcast a series of lieder concerts on the wireless. He was the first conductor of three of the biggest orchestras in the world-the Boston Symphony (1SS0-84), London Sym- phony (1SS5-96), and the Scottish Or- chestra. He became a naturalised Englishman in 1S90. ALSATIAN DOG SHOT. Judgment was entered in favor of Edward Carroll, of Kingaroy, in the Brisbane Supreme Court on Monday, when ho sought to recover £252 dam- ages against John Cyril Thompson, of Kingaroy, medical practitioner, who counterclaimed £100, the value of the Alsatian dog which was alleged to have been shot by Carroll. Carroll was awarded £77 damages, and was also given judgment in tlie counter- claim. Carroll alleged "that Thomp- son's dog entered lands owned by him in 1932 and 1933. and caused the loss of a number of cattle and injury to others, while Thompson claimed that Carroll unlawfully killed the pedigreed Alsatian dog. TRAIN JUMPERS KILLED. While a waggon Inspector was checking the No. 2 Brisbane express to Sydney at Taree last night week, he saw a pair of human legs banging down from the refrigerator van. In- vestigating, he found the body of Nor- man McLaughton (18), a native of Richmond, Victoria, with his skull fractured and the neck broken. Later the same night it was reported that a man's body was found about 150 yards on the Taree side of the Kendall rail- way station. There were no papers on the body, but it is believed that his name was Norman Walker, a mate of McLaughton. Officials are of the opinion that the men were riding on top of the refrigerating car and were struck by the U«p of a bridcre or of a tunnel. 