Two Famous Clippers' Performances By A. G. DAVIES. Of all the sailing ships engaged in the transport of immigrants to Queensland, none has ever had such world-wide renown in the heyday of her fame as the beautiful Flying Cloud, one of the earliest creations from the Boston shipyard of Donald McKay, all of which made sensational records for speedy sailing in the trades in which, they were employed. Another ship whose name became familiar to thousands of Queenslanders was the Royal Dane, also an American built ship, known to the mercantile world for the first few years of her life as the Sierra Nevada. Although the sailing achievements of the Fly- ing Cloud were more astonishing than any credited to the Sierra Nevada, the latter, nevertheless, was in the first flight of the extreme clippers which made notable passages between New York and San Francisco in the 1850 60 decade. On her maiden voyage from New York to San Francisco in 1851 the Flying Cloud astonished the world by sailing through the Golden Gate on the 89th day from clearing Sandy Hook —a feat never previously accom- plished and only twice equalled sub- sequently, once by the Flying Cloud herself three years later, and once in 1860 by the Andrew Jackson. That first remarkable performance was not the result of particularly favourable winds and weather. On the contrary, more than one handicap had to be overcome. Three days out from New York the main and mizzen topgallant masts chashed down from aloft, and the maintopsail yard snapped in twain. That mess had to be cleared up, but with smart seamanship, grit, and determination this was done, and new masts and yards sent up, and everything made shipshape within 24 hours. A few days later it was found that the mainmast was badly sprung about a foot below the masthead, and The Flying Cloud. this had to be "fished." On the 38th day out, in a storm, accompanied by severe thunder and lightning, with the topsails double-reefed, the fore and maintopmast staysails were split. Later in the same day the discovery was made that the mainmast had sprung. The royal and topgallant yards were sent down, and the stud- ding sail booms taken off the lower and topsail yards to relieve the strain. MEN IN IRONS. There had been trouble with the crew earlier In the voyage, and several of the men had been put in irons. Their services were urgently needed in the emergency which had arisen, and Captain Creesy found it politic to re- lease them and give them an assurance that if they helped the ship out of her troubles all the black marks recorded against them would be wiped out. Rounding Cape Horn, with strong gales and a high sea running, the distance run in 24 hours by observation was 374 miles, and, during the squalls, 18 knots of line was not sufficient to measure the rate of speed. Towards the end of the voyage the foretopgal- lant mast carried away, and a new one was sent up on the following day. The ship dropped anchor in San Francisco Harbour after a passage of 89 days 21 hours. During 26 consecutive days the Flying Cloud had sailed 5912 miles, an average of 227 miles a day, or within a fraction of 91 knots; and for four consecutive days a total of 1256 miles, or 314 miles a day, an average speed of 13 a knots. The Flying Cloud also made some passages from China to New York with tea cargoes in remark- ably fast time. The Flying Cloud was purchased by James Baines and Coy., Liverpool, in 1862, and made her first voyage with immigrants to Moreton Bay under the Black Ball flag, under the command of Captain H. O. Keen, arriving on January 15, 1863. She came out again twelve months later, with the same "skipper" In charge. She paid five subsequent visits to Moreton Bay under Captains O. Jones, D, Morgan, H. Hughes, and J. L. Owen. Return- ing to London after a trip to Mary- borough in 1870, the Flying Cloud was sold to a firm in South Shields, England. In June, 1874, she became stranded on the coast of New Bruns- wick. She was floated off and towed into St. John, where she was put on a slip for repairs. While under repairs a fire broke out on board, and the dam- age was so extensive that she was never fit to go to sea again. ROYAL DANE'S CAREER, Built at New York, in 1854, the Sierra Nevada (to use her original name) proved herself worthy of in- clusion among the best of the clippers by her early passages on the Cape Horn route between New York and San Francisco. When acquired by James Baines and Coy. for the Black Ball fleet her name was changed to Royal Dane, as a compliment to the Danish princess, Alexandra, who had married the Prince of Wales, after- wards Edward VII. On her first ap- pearance in Queensland waters she was bound for Keppel Bay, with 540 immigrants, and she dropped anchor in that harbourage on July 25, 1865, after an excellent passage of 93 days. She was then commanded by Captain Lewis Davies, who afterwards brought her out to Moreton Bay in 1867 and 1869, each time with a large number of new settlers. In 1870 Captain Daniel R Bolt and Mr. George Cater, who had been master and mate respectively In the Young Australia, transferred in like capacities to the Royal Dane. Both were well and favourably known in Queensland over a long course of years. Under Captain Bolt the Royal Dane voyaged to Keppel Bay in 1870 and to Moreton Bay in the following year. It was rather a coincidence that the next commander of the Royal Dane, Captain James Cooper, should also have been master of the Young Australia just before his appointment to the other ship. It was after the wreck of the Young Australia on More- ton Island, an unfortunate happen- ing, for which Captain Cooper was not in any way blamed. Under Captain Cooper the Royal Dane made two voyages to Moreton Bay—in 1873 and 1874\. She was then withdrawn from the Queensland trade; and, with the same commander, made two or three voyages from Mobile, Alabama, to London or Liverpool, with cotton. She ended her career by foundering off the Chilean coast, near San Carlos, on June 15, 1878. Captain Cooper afterwards returned to and settled In Queensland, and was for some years in the service of the Harbours and Rivers Department. Captain Bolt was subsequently ap- pointed by the Queensland Govern- ment as inspector of Immigrant ships in London. He later went to sea again, and had command of the ship Har- binger, a well-known passenger vessel on the London to Melbourne run. 