DANISH CRUSOES. 1 Primitive Life in Mongolia | IN A SIBERIAN PRISON, i \- a AUSTRALIAN dairy far- | mers now have to meet || on thc British market the bj competition of butter from M Southern Siberia. So far w Mongolian butter has not í \ come on thc London market, i ; though at one rime it seemed ' s that it might. Vf OEFOBE the Russian Revolution sov- « oral thoufiaiuls of Danish farmers . >, wero established in Southern Siberia. . lt was they who lcd tho way in thc dc- ¡¿ vclopment of dalry farming there. tv Arter tho Revolution thc Bolsheviks k{ "liquidated" thc farms and most of tho Dunes were ruined. B In -19Ä! a proposal was set on foot ja for transferring these Danish farmers g to Northam Mongolia; B There, ut no great distance from the ra Siberian districts where they had for- Fl morly funned they might, it was K thought, tako up their occupation \ nguiu. A little group of Danes went out to form a co-operative settlcmont in tho valley of tho Sclcngu River and to prepare tho way for ti Danish col ony, v It is lo one of these Danes that wo ,t owe tho finest book ol: its kind pub- M lishod for ninny years, "Tents in Mon- ,/ goliu," by Hemming Huslund. (Lou- (, don, Kogan Paul, Trench, Trubncr and t Co. Ltd.). Tho sub-title sums it up:' j. "Adventures and Experiences amongst ! : tho Nomads of Central Asia." j There is all I he fascination of Bob insou Crusoe nboul. tho story of tho ¡j struggles of half a dozen Danes, with j>¡ tho help of .Mongols, a Chinese or two ti! and exiled Siberian Russians, to build M up a new community. j"' In a val loy amongst tho forest-chid H hills 370 miles from Urga and near tho t' Siberian border they built their homes, i.' They cleared and 'ploughed thc lund, ; they bought ¡md bred-sheep, entile and horses, they grew oats and'wheat, they ó trapped wild animals or laid strych nine baits for them and they traded J in furs with the Mongol, Soyote and fl Burint hunters of tho wilderness. jj? ENCOUNTERED WOLVES. | With the sume- simplicity and direct- Û noss thc author tells of strange adven- 1 turcs with men ¡ind beasts. While p fur-trading in thc .Kinlet region, near | Ute border, he decided to go to Tunkti |; iu Siberia, trusting to his Danish pass- |i port. To avoid awkward questions ho i loft his rifle behind. \\. In a narrow mountain pas« he and p his Mongol companion met six hugo | wolves. They contrived to light a \ lire and drove the wolves off with \ torches of Haming bitch bark. . ! Next day Hasluad and his followct W (vero arrested by six Burial soldiers r and thrown into the prison nt Shiui. leish. - I There ho met some interesting char< f nctors, including a Siberian-born Bus. k sian who confessed to 15 murders. At V thc moineiii. he was in gaol for ¡i triplo j] murder, that of a peasant with whom | ho Itail quarrelled over a rifle, tho peasant's son and tho son's wife, i'or this little affair he expected lo get off with two years in prison. On thc whole this gentleman npprov- | ed of tho Soviet regime When tho Bolsheviks took control of Omsk he had ¡ been confined in tho local gaol, but ¡ they hud let him out. j .Inst, before ho heard all this Has- \ lund had let the Russian shave ltira. Thc multiple murderer mudo a good job of it. Another Russian had been in prison' ll months without trial ou a charge of smuggling cattle into Mongolia from Siberia. Ho had none of thc mur derer's hopos of a short sentence. Brom prison Husluiid was later taken lo tho bnrracks and finally released. Of tho Soviet soldiers whom ho saw in this corner of Siberia ho says: "They wero peasants front distant parts of Siberia, young and powerful itien of first-class military bearing. They were well uniformed, well arm ed, ¡ind magnificently mounted. Tho disciplino was strict and fear of tho comrade officers great." CAMELS TN THE SNOW. On his way buck from Siberia, Has lund spent some timo amongst tho pri mitive Soyotes. Here he saw a sick man curod by the "blnck magic" of tho Shamans. Tho Shaman was a young woman. Northern Mongolia is a wooded und wcll-watorcd region, very different front thc arid wastes of thc Gobi desert farther to thc south. Thc winter is severe and on ono trip ¡ to Urga Huslund and a Mongol com- j pinion were snowed up for three days j nt their tent on tho J ¡rom plateau. This was on a treeless steppe. They burned up all thc woodwork of tho wagon that they, could remove with out making it fall to pieces, and whit tled away tho teittpolos to keep tho tire alive. To those who think of tho camel as an animal of the deserts only, it comes as a shock when he states that at tho end of tho storm they found a largo camel caravan ¡500 yards away; Thc camels had lain during the storm closely packed together and almost buried in the snow. After ¡ill these and many other ad ventures und hardships tho venture failed. Mongolia foll under Soviet influence. "Bcd" Burials poured Into thc country and gained control of thc Government. PROPERTY CONFISCATED. Thc idea of a Danish colony faded. The authorities regarded such immigra tion with suspicion ¡ind were unwilling Vo sec a number of Danes settled to gether. Many of tho Danes' friunds amongst thc Mongols woru arrested or oxecuted, Foreign property was confiscated. So thc little settlement at Bulgun Tal ceased to exist. One colonist went farming in Canada, and another built harbors in Portugal, a third bought a farm in Denmark, and a fourth became a merchant in Copenha gen. Only Carl Krebs stayed at Bulgun Tal. Huslund weat lo Kalgan and later served with Sven Budia's explor injj expedition in Central Asia. As ho says: "And in Kalgan tho caravans havo continued to como and go. When tho way was closed to Kulka they took other ways. At night I heard tho caravan bells .... Their enchanting sound called forth memories and lured mo on to new adventures." s. <i. .e s. tl. 1 lon sold in local market tn Tiismanhi... . MO U 0 bess freight und agents' commission on 50 per cent, of Ulis ..cnn (lon), as half is sold through agents tn various cen Ires -10 0 lóO 0 0 1 lon exported to England, value liiere. 70 fl 0 Add exchange at 25 per cent. 17 10 0 S7 10 0 Less freezing and grading charges, Tasmania, .01/13/4; freight and wharfage to Melbourne, ,C2; freight lo London from Melbourne, .CO/8/; ngeiil's commission, 2i m per cent., insurance, port and landing charges, buyer's discount, etc., X3/5/.'. 10 0 4 71 .5 S 207 3 8 Ava agc price per ton is thus.. .. .. 103 ll 10 Kulin butler in realising 1/2 per lb., or per lon'. 130 13 4 Deduct thc levy of 3d. per lb, on a ton. '-'8 0 0 Xct result.'.. 102 13 4 