I THE STRANGER WITHIN OUR | GATES j The punishment which was meted ] cut to the rioters of Kalgooriie and j Boulder, together with the amount of : damage done, and the loss of pro-! perty entailed, will, it is hoped, be ! the sum result of that mob violence: which so recently disgraced our i Goldfields' residents. Racial anti- ! pathy in the Commonwealth, unfortunately, is not confined to this State. It is impossible to deny that in mining towns, in timber areas, and upon the sugar fields of Queensland,, in particular, strained relations be-1 tween British and alien workers are j continuously present, little as many j members of the British group appear: to value their nationality .on other j occasions. The recent outbreak in this State was on all fours with the; S land in £ 1926, 1*9* T when l l members A T v of f the' ; Australian Workers' Union refused, to handle sugar grown by Italians, j It matters little that the pretext i o for the root of the trouble is in the i sense of grievance by the "ne'er-do-! well" in contemplating the apparent! properity of the thrifty and indus-l trious. An unbiassed observer said j of the Queensland episode: "Italian! labour is popular among Australian ; employers. It is not given to strikes j or to unreasonable demands for j wages, or for unduly superior living j conditions, demands which, on the { part of Australian labour, incessant) and irritating, have no finality, and, have endangered the. prosperity of | the sugar industry," Even in times! of booming prosperity, however,! public opinion refused to tolerate' lawlessness The people of a Commonwealth emerging painfully from crisis have shown in no uncertain' measure their opinion of the hap-' penings on the Golden Mile. Australia's chief need is not for work-' ers who can maintain arrogant and extravagant claims and hold industry. to ransom upon every flimsy pretext, j but for people who can help to solve the innumerable problems associat-; ed with the employment of undevel-! oped resources. The . record „ ^ of non . British immigrants its in Australia is frankly an open reproach to the lack of energy and foresight in many a' qative bom Australian- , German settlers in every wheat growing, or wine producing area, Danish and Scandinavian settlers in dairying and other regions r Italian workers in the mines and on the sugar fields Greeks, Maltese and Czechoslovakians, in various occupations, have proved their title to the best that Australia can offer them. Immigrants from European countries who can take a share in tackling pioneer problems -of any kind are as necessary to sound development as to rational defence; and sane statesmanship welcomes and protects ;ham. If Australia is to be permitted to maintain her White Au3- .ralian policy, she needs every friend she can attach in other countries. Such incidents as those at Kalgoorlie, if not rightly understood, will do more to discredit that policy thsn generation ^ of political misreprc- ^ sentation. Australia's position in'the [ council of the nations would become untenable if hot-heads were allowed to rage unchecked, and law-abiding white citizens, whether they be native-born, or not, were denied protection. The call for a sterner sense of civil and national responsibility upon the goldfields i s a problem which will doubtless receive the closest attention. 