DUNDEE CLIPPERS Duntrune and Her Sisters A THRILLING EXPERIENCE By A. G. DAVIES SHIP DUNTRNE. RUNNING full tilt into the pre- cipitous sides of an ice island, in the Stygian darkness, shortly after midnight, and while the ship was sailing at a speed of 10 knots, was the sensational experience of the Dundee clipper ship, Duntrune, in 1892. She was partially dismasted, and had a very narrow escape from total destruction The Duntrune came to Brisbane towards the end of 1883, bringing 447 immigrants from Dundee, and a re- union of the survivors from that voyage, and their descendants, is being held in Brisbane to-day. She belonged to the famous Dundee clipper line, several of whose ships came to Queensland with immigrants, and two of them - the Glamis and the South- esk-made their maiden voyages to Brisbane. The Glamis also visited Brisbane once again, and the Southesk three times subsequently. The story of the disastrous passage in 1892 makes thrilling reading. The ship was bound from the Tyne to Valparaiso with coal, and when she was off the River Plate it was found that the cargo was developing heat to an alarming degree, and, in order to save the ship, the master (Captain J. C. B. Davis) considered it necessary to throw about 500 tons of coal over- board. After that had been done everything was all right. In the vicinity of Cape Horn the Duntrune sighted the British Empire, one of G. Duncan and Co.'s crack ships, which also was bound for Val- paraiso, and a keen race followed. It was blowing hard, but the two ships tore along under royals, burying their bows at every plunge. During the night they lost sight of each other, but three days before reaching Val- paraiso they again came together, and every nerve was strained on board both ships to get first into port. An ex- citing struggle ended by the Duntrune anchoring about 20 minutes before the British Empire. CRASHED INTO ICEBERG. HAVING loaded nitrates at Iquique shortly afterwards, the Duntrune sailed for Dunkirk. She had a fair run down the South American coast and negotiated the dreaded Cape Horn without misadventure. About 1 o'clock on the morning of April 23 (1892), in very dark, rainy weather, the ship was running ahead at a speed of about 10 knots, in latitude 47 south, longi- tude 38 west, when she crashed into an ice island, having high, perpen- dicular sides, which was not seen until too late. The ship rebounded violently, THE CAMPERDOWN. and then again struck with a still harder Impact. Her bowsprit snapped off like a carrot; ' her bows were smashed in, and her foretopmast came down, making a fearful tangle of the rigging. The seas were sweeping the decks, and the water was pouring into the forecastle through the jagged holes made in "her bow plates. All hands got manfully to work, clearing away the wreckage with the indomiti able pluck and ready resource of true seamen. At the same time, as a pre- cautionary measure, tlie boats were got ready for launching if it was found necessary to abandon the ship. At daybreak the Duntrune lay to windward of an ice Island 300ft. high which stretched north-east and south- west from horizon to horizon, appar- ently without a break. Her position was far from enviable. Four feet of ice lay on her forecastle deck; the gale shrieked across her rigging, and at any moment another collision with the drifting danger to leeward might occur. Eventually, however, thanks to the dexterity with which she was handled, it was found possible to steer the ship through a narrow opening, and she then found herself sur- rounded by hundreds of other bergs with barely two miles of open water. A channel was discovered through this circular barrier of ice, and the ship had only just cleared it when a huge Iceberg broke up, effectually blocking up the passage through which she had made her escape. Had she been delayed for ten minutes she must have been sent to the bottom by the avalanche of ice, with all hands, and her disappearance would have been just as inexplicable as that of the Danish cadet ship Kobenhavn a fe-.; years ago. Captain Jarvis managed to rig up a temporary foretopmast and top-gal- lant mast, also a bowsprit, and in this \/ay the remainder of the voyage was eventually accomplished. SHIP'S TRAGIC END Deep tragedy surrounded the clos- ing chapter of the Duntrune's life his- tory. She had been sold in 1896 to a Belfast firm, and in the autumn of 1899 she was dismasted to the west- ward of Cape Horn. On the same night her commander (G. Winterton) died, his wife and two children being on board tlu ship. The carpenter seems to have assumed command what happened to the other officers has never been explained-and, after rigging up a jurymast, he ran the ship in to make the land on the west coast of Tierra del . Fuego, where she anchored in 45 fathoms of water on a lee shore., The carpenter and seven men went off in a boat to try to get assistance, but they lost their way and were drifting about for 17 days In bitterly cold and stormy weather. Three of them died of exposure, the carpenter and three others being picked up by a sealing schooner. They were the only survivors from the Dun- trune, which was never heard of again, FROM "SWEET DUNDEE" rrvHE Dundee clippers owned by David Brue and Coy. were among the aristocrats of the iron clipper era, being well and faithfully built and sparred, and capable of holding their own with anything afloat in point of speed, under equal conditions. In- deed, one of them-the Maulesden, by her sensational passage of 69 days from Glasgow to Maryborough, 1882, put up a. record that was never afterwards equalled. The Dundee clipper line was founded in 1875. in which year five of its ships-the Airlie, Camperdown, Duntrune, Panmure, and Maulesden-were launched from the yards of Alex. Stephen and Sons, Dun- dee. The Duntrune and the Camper- down were sister ships, being launched within a month of each other, and having practically the same measure- ments and dimensions. The Maulesden and the Panmure were very slightly larger in tonnage, though in other respects they were virtually equal to the others. All the first four were full-rigged ships; but in 1876 two barques were added to the fleet-the Glamis and the Stracathro-and in the following year another barque, the Southesk, was launched. All these, with the exception of Airlie, Camperdown, and Panmure, paid visita to Queensland. In the "Dundee Advertiser" in June, 1883, appeared a notification that: "The magnificent clipper Duntrune, Captain Rollo, will sail from Dundee for Brisbane on Tuesday, 28th Aug- ust, taking approved passengers for £5 steerage. £15 second cabin." The advertisement also stated that special railway arrangements had been made for bringing passengers at reduced rates from Aberdeen, Keith, Elgin, Forres, Nairn, and Inverness, and from the North of England and the redlands. Altogether 448 assisted emigrants, including children, left Dundee in the ship, which was towed out to sea on September 1, 1883, Strong contrary winds at the outset made it necessary for the ship, in- stead of going through Portland Firth, to take a more northerly course, passing between the Orkneys and the Shetland group. Then trouble occurred with the fresh water con- denser, anl finally the ship was com- pelled to go into Madeira to have it se'; right. Finally, Moreton Bay was reached after a long passage of 116 days. Captain John Rollo, who brought the Duntrune out to Bris- bane in 1883. had previously been master of the Glamis. Captain Charles Grey. R.N.A., formerly com- mander of the Young Australia, Omar Pachar, and Loch Lomond, brought out the Southesl: to Brisbane in 1877 and 1878. 