RESTRICTION OF EXPORTS , DR. r ARtB PAGE IN EMPHATIC DENUNCIATION. STIRRING ADDRESS AT KEMPSEY Speaking to a large gathering in Belgrave-street on Friday night, the Hon. Dr. Earle Page, M.H.R., P.C., Leader of the Country Party and re presentative for Cowper, delivered a stirring attack against the export re striction proposals. Aid. H. C. Henderson occupied the chair, and introduced the speaker. Dr. Page expressed his regret at Kempsey not having experienced good weather for the annual Show. He add ed that the unfortunate accident that had robbed him of his son had pre-, vented him working in his elector ate, hut nevertheless during the past year he had been fighting for the primary producer in an endeavor to improve the position, and he - had come to give an account of his stew ardship over the past two years. The tariff issue was at present the most vital issue in Australia. The dis ease of economic nationalism which has spread its contagion rapidly throughout the world, is threatening to throw a blight upon commercial intercourse more serious than the dis locating effects of. the war itself. We .took as a party a strong stand in tariff matters a few years hack, and the wisdom of our attitude is now being proved. , "In the propogation of the germs of this disease Australia has not been an innocent spectator," said Dr. Page. "Indeed, Australia has been a rmgleader and, though we sell the bulk of our products overseas, our leaders in the past have insisted that we he self-contained. The Scullin orgy of embargoes, prohibitions and tariff restrictions against other countries was backed by the then Prime Min ister's statement that he was not afraid of retaliation, because Aus tralia produced raw materials that other countries need and must have, and which they could not obtain else where. Now Australia's policy of tariff restrictions is being followed 'generally. Other countries are deter mined to grow their own materials regardless of the economic cost of production. We refuse to buy their goods, preferring to make our own regardless of cost. They refuse to buy our raw materials. Germany places an embargo against wool, Belgium against barley, Italy and France against wheat, Britain agains' meat. Continental restrictions have tended to force down prices in our best mar kets because when butter, for in stance, is shut out of a foreign Euro pean country, that product is turned towards the British market, and this depresses our prices. Germany used to take 100,000,000 bushels of our wheat, but last year that country not only supplied all its own requirements, but placed 200,000 bushels on the Lon don market, which had the effect of bringing down the price of wheat to its record low level. France used to trade with us in perfume, silk, etc., J — AIII nfkaof Tint QQ .Till III letUill lane VU1 w iivwhj MUV a direct resuiL of our tariff policy she refused to take delivery of 200,000 bushels of wheat ready for shipment at Manilla. France went further, and placed an embargo on the use of Aus tralian butter. Belgium used to sell Australia a lot of glass, and in return buy our meat and barley; now we are unable to sell them one pennyworth and the price of glass in Australia is at a prohibition level. When Mr. Bruce went to Brussels about it he was quickly told that Belgium would only buy as much from us as we pur chased from her, which at present was only about £5000 worth. Germany used to take 130,000 tons of our but ter, but because of the self- contained movement she was now manufactur ing .her own and sending her surplus to England. The result was that but ter was selling in London at sixpence and sevenpence which had cost 1/ to produce. In order to carry on farmers are living on their capital or bor rowed capital and necessary improve ments are going by the board." The obvious course of. action is for us to reverse our policy. We must re member that there is an inexorable law which says "If thou wilt not buy thou canst not sell." The goods we purchase from other countries gives them the purchasing power to buy our goods, even though it may be that the return to us is indirectly through a whole series of commercial transac tions. We had a very big opportun ity of reclaiming the position at the Ottawa Conference. Unfortunately our Government did not take the fullest advantage of this and by its niggard ly attitude and its failure to carry out the spirit as well as the letter cf the agreement, substantial ill-will towards us was created in Britain. This is particularly unfortunate at the nrpsfmt. time, because there has been growing up in Britain a great desire to secure profitable prices for their farmers and also to become as far as possible, self-contained also in agriculture, though there is no pos sible chance of her becoming self-con tained. For example, she only pro duces 17 per cent, of her butter con sumption. But undoubtedly ill-will to wards Australia was engendered by our churlish treatment of her, and she has made treaties with other countries like Denmark, Argentina, Holland, Scandinavia and even the Soviet which give those countries sub stantial concessions in our special line of goods in return for an equi valent amount of British goods. Such tieaties have prevented the squeez ing out of foreign goods to make room for our own. Most of these agreements are of short duration. That with Denmark, for example, is for three years, of which one year has actually passed. The Ottawa agreements provided that there would be no restriction of butter for three j years from August, 1932, so that its j currency comes to an end within six months of the expiration of the Dan ish treaty. "What is necessary during the next 18 months," said Dr. Page, "is to im prove our trade relations with Bri tain, and modify our tariff attitude to show we are prepared to accept British goods in return for the unre stricted entry of our goods into Bri- -4. T-C ontmr ICUU. 11 WC WdUL lUUGOUlUbVU for our goods, then we must make some compensation to Britain for. the trade she will lose by excluding foreign goods in our favor. If we are prepared to do this and to state our position unequivocably, I am sat isfied that we can make agreements with Britain which will give us unre stricted entry of our butter during the next 18 months and which will ensure after that time the expansion of our industries along satisfactory lines. If we do not do this, it seems inevitable that just as the door of continental markets has been slam med against us, so the British door will gradually contract its opening, if it is not completely shut. "I understand that our delegation to Ottawa was ready to make concse- sions in exchange for similar treat ment by Great Britain. However, at Ottawa Britain was in a complacent mood, and would . only talk in gen eral terms, making no definite con cessions, but merely a 26 per cent, concession over the foreigner. Fur ther, Britain went ahead and made treaties with Denmark, Argentina and even Soviet Russia. After those trea ties had been signed, Australia began to wake up, and found that we were losing the substance for the shadow. Mr. Bruce has said that unless we make further voluntary restriction of butter, wheat, lamb and mutton there is a danger of getting on the wrong side of the British farmer. I believe that would be a very wrong tactical move. Australia must ask for balance trade reciprocity and Lord Beaver- brook, the proprietor of powerful newspaper interests in Britain, has wired to the effect that he will stand behind such a policy. However, we must act m concert with New Zea" land, for they also are fighting re striction to the end. It is impossible t> restrict production in Australia. It has been suggested that, for in stance, every tenth cow be done away with ,and only every second acre be cultivated, hut we shall find, as did President Roosevelt, who even burned and buried produce, that farmers will produce just as much by improved methods to catch the enhanced prices. It would mean that thousands would be thrown out of work. "The question of restriction on cer tain lines has to be faced now. A measure of restriction has been im posed on mutton and lamb and wheat. The tactical value of such restrictions I seriously doubt, and 'I will fight strenuously against ony restriction on exports, "especially governmental re striction. Voluntary producer restric tion i«5 pntirelv a mattAr for fhfi nrn_ ducers themselves. "If restriction is to take place through our failure to act, then it is absolutely essential that there should be in existence some body that can regulate and select the best methods of controlling agriculture in such a way as to ensure the greatest money' return and the greatest amount of work. "To this end I have advocated the creation of an Australia Agricultural Council along the lines of the Loan Council which, as you know, was brought into being by myself as Treasurer, and which has been the financial sheet anchor of Australia during the past few years. I am sure we need a similar body to deal with agriculture, with similar powers and functions to prepare and carry out national agricultural policy of devel opment and expansion. "I believe thai- the creation of such a body will for the first time in Aus tralia make the Agricultural Depart ments, ?which have always been the Cinderellas of Government, the dom inating factors in national life. I be lieve that with the operation of such a council for two or threfe years ag riculture will be seen for the first time in its proper perspective and the means necessary to place the agricul tural industries in their proper posi tion as creating a market for sec ondary industries will become evi dent. Whether the means found in volve tariff reform, taxation reform, transport reform or marketing re forms." The functions of such an Austral ian Agricultural Council, said Dr. Page, would be to lay down a gener al policy for agriculture. The details 1 would be caried out by the States themselves, and they would be abso lutely free as to the methods they would employ. The cost of such an arrangement would be insignificant, consisting of the travelling expenses of Ministers and staffs, and having been inaugurated, it would not need to meet more than once a year. If it met at the same time as the Loan Council the members of both councils could meet together so that the eco nomic and financial side could be con sidered with the technical aspects. It was obvious that only by a na tion-wide plan and a nation-wide sys tem could agriculture be properly handled. The organisation of the in dividual industries had been of ex traordinary value, but if restriction was to take place with the purpose of limiting production and raising prices it was obvious that a large number of persons would be forced out of the industries concerned. It must be the function of the Agricul- . tural Council to divert these marginal j farmers and their employees to other , avenues of employment, and to en- sure that the capital sunk in the im provement and development of lands was not lost, but should remain pro- j ductive. Such an Agricultural Coun cil would hot only deal with the pre- sent emergency in which agriculture found itself, but it would also be able to secure, through the means it would have at its disposal and the proper organisation of Government depart ments, those factors essential to the pi ogress and prosperity of agricul- turn The speaker then went on to show how restriction meant degradation and a return to the level of negroes — a return to the state in which Cap tain Cook found the natives when he landed here. Quite recently Australia lost the meat contract to the Italian army because of stupid embargoes placed on Italian products. Sir A. Bal four said recently that everyone re alised that they must do away with trade barriers, but here was Aus tralia talking of raising them still higher. The speaker then went on to deal with the question of old age pension ers, their pay and rights in connec tion with their property, and of how he had fought to have the laws amended regarding the powers of old age pensioners to deal with or make over their homes to dependents. It was only right and proper that they should he able to do as they wished with such properties, and not have the State stepping in as the first claimant because a person had col lected a pension.. A scheme of national insurance, whereby a person con tributed a constant sum during the period of their working lives, would get over the difficulty. This would mean that when a man reached 65 and a woman 60 years they would automatically get a pension, instead of haying to prove that they had no thing. He next dealt with the question of bounties, and characterised the law which precluded the previously well- to-do farmer from participating as the biggest scandal ever perpetuated in Australia. Why, he asked, should a man who had helped himself by pro per methods be debarred from en- joying the privileges when times he- came hard and he could no longer make a profit through no fault of his own. Why not say the same thing to the owners of secondary industries which had previously paid big pro fits? In conclusion, he said that the Country Party was out to get a square deal for the primary producer. A member of the audience asked whether it was possible to obtain a higher price for sleepers, to which1 Dr. Page replied that the matter was one entirely for the State Go vernment. Mr. J. H. Hoad asked whether there was reciprocity of trade between England and Australia, and was pre ference given to British manufac tures ? Did foreign countries pay more for their exports to Australia tban did Great Britain? j-t. .rage repnea tnat, under the Ottawa Agreement, there was a dif ference of 20 per cent. There was a duty of 15 per cent, on foreign sep arators. Mr. Hoad asked, in view of that fact, why was it that about 90 per cent, of the separators used were for eign? Dr. Page replied that up till about three years ago the various foreign biands of separators were undoubted ly a better job, hut since then the Lister machine had come on the mar ket. That was one of the reasons why the 15 per cent, was put on in the Ottawa Agreement. In reply to a further question, Dr. Page said that the present tariff policy with regard to iron and steel was opposed by the Country Party. Two years ago the B.H.P. put in a machine for the treatment of by-pro- 'ducts from coal costinp- ri 1 n nnn on, that company had to pay £35,000 duty. Everything that that machine manufactured, therefore, must carry heavy capital costs. Replying to another question. Dr. Page said that twenty years ago they should have adopted an extensive im migration policy to enable Australia tj have 20 to 25 million people here, and if that had come about they would not have been in the mess they were to-day. When the Bruce-Page Government was in power the unem ployed rate Was about six per cent., to-day it was 25 per cent. With a rea sonable tariff policy they could have all manufacturers working. Unem ployment did not come about out in the country. It came from the busi-. n esses in the cities, the machinery businesses which were over-capitalis ed with 50 per cent, of their men out ol work. The meeting concluded with a vote AT n 4- rt 4-T-, ft J 1.— me xan.8 LU ULIC ojjcaici, pxupuaeu Uy Mr. R. J. Jamieson, Dr. Page recip rocating by moving a similar vote to the Chairman and to Mr. Griffin for the supply of light and a loud speak er equipment. 