[?] . . :.,..?? .... ? ??? y ,:^1 (Conducted by 'Awit *jgy%„ . _ Our Mail Bag Here you may 3-ring bright, in teresting stories in letter form. NEW CORNERITES. We have pleasure in welcoming two wore new members to our happy band of Cornerite& v EOSE EVELYN BBOWK (11), Bed Hill, Gootchic, 'Silver Jason' has been awarded enrolment marks for vnnr first 1 Attar vith hfirS. You may claim 'Christmas Bell' for your pen-name. MAKY McKENNA (9), Watkins street, Howard. Pleased to enrol one who has long been an interested reader. Pen-name, 'Persephone' may be claimed as requested. Have put re quest for songs in Question Box. \\-nty Arbor Day, Our Pfliuol hold Arbor Day last Fri day. Wf wen* in school iu'tbc morn iug till ten o'clock then we tidied the grounds; wo played games, such as drop the handkerchief, then we had dinner under the trees. It was Pig and Calf Club Day, too. There were four .big pigs and thirteen calves. We planted a j-inc tree iu memory of Bulk ier. Wo wore given an ice cream each, jilso M'mr lollies. 1 had a swing stand iug u)« with another little girl, and we went high. The speeches wero long. Our minis-tor jold i ft fuuny stories. We rame home late aud 1 wa-- tired, I like ArUor Days. — 'Juno' (U), Lagoon Pocket. (You had lots of fun, didn't you? \--'o wonder you were tired after such a ibig (lav. Most children love Arbor Day. — A.B.). xxxx The Show. I J wish to thank you for the Pro- | iU-iem-y Certificate which I received ; safely/ Jt has a very interesting verse | ou it. 1 am going lo take great care of it. On Monday afternoon I went to the show with my -isters. We weut through the Bushford memorial turn stiles. We went through the exhibi tion hall and looked at all the interest ing exhibits. We saw the canaries, cane, fancy-work, schoolwork, timber, ? paintings and many fancy goods. Then we went outside to watch the ring i events which wc enjoyed. \\\re then walked around the ring about sis times. We had lots of walking exer cise. i To 'be Continued). — 'Watei Lily' (13^, Maryborough). ? (Have sent the autographs on to you. If any more come I will let you | know through 'the paper, and you can t-all for fhem. Pleased you enjoyed the show. Title aud writing marks. — A.B.). mw aji Exciting Experience. (Continued). Ou the following Sunday wc went out again determined to get her this, time. We drove her to the gate with four othor cows and managed to get her on to the road and then into our paddock. But then the fun started, for .^bo jumped through the wire fence into the farm, then straight through aud out the other side. It happened that -he got into a small paddock of ours. W-c managed to drive her up through the yard, and then sho made an attempt 1o jump for the third time that afternoon through a wire fence, i^he succeeded tliin time. There being a hollow ou tho other side she fell and rolled uver. j thought she had broken lier'ucck, but she received nothing more serious than a few barb wire vuts and .a bump. We got her tutu a email yard. L could then go up aud put her aud also put ointment on all Ilk' barb-wire cuts. She was not wild after that for bhe came to the dairy for milk Which I gave her, She j wa-3 won taken to another paddock. 1 think Mie was a champion at jump ing through the fences. — 'Miss Muflfct' {14), Tinana. (She made a daring attempt to re tain her liberty, but in the end became docile when she found she must sub mit to being disciplined. An exciting oxperloiK-o. no doubt. Title and double writing marks. — A.B.). xxxxx Great Grand-dad. At the end of this mouth is the 80t'h 'birthday of niy dear old great grand-dad. It is many years since he came out here from Denmark. On their 1 way out and when they arrived at Fra&er; Island a great number of passengers died from sickness, and among them were great grandfather's wif© and little baby boy. So when lie arrived -in Maryborough he was ail alone and very sick, too. He could not do any work and therefore was left all alone in the immigrants' camp. He felt, if he could get some milk, he would soon be belter, so he started out to £oc if he could find sonic, but didn't get far, for he was too weak, so he sat- down. A man came riding along tind when great grandfather told him what was th-- matter, ho requested great grand-dad to sit still while he went off to get him «oine milk from another Danish settler. Great grand dad soon made friends with these people and when he was quite better they gave him some work. Although great grandfather is so old he is really as young as we in spirit, for he enters into our gomes. Baby loves him und isbc makes him swing her for hour.s at a Unto. We hope we will have him for ii lonjr time vet. — 'Angel Trumpet' (P), ** Silver Dawn,' Nikenbah. (How good of you to write so kindly of great grand-dad. 1 am sure you all love him, and that he is a great play male. Such lov-* will help to make up for his i*ust sad life. Title aud writing marks. — A.B. '). xzx A Pet Parrot. I am writing to tell you about our |»et parrot. 31 y little brother caught it one day when coming home from school, lfe is a little green parrot, and still cannot fly. We do not keep b-m locked up; we let him ruu about the yard. Wo feed him ou milk and sugar. He play* with our little chickens. He sleeps with the chickens and oacklcB like a hen. lie can also imitate the chickens and make the mother hen ruu to see if he is gettiug hurt. When ho gets hungry he comes into the kitchen and whistles for his food. — '/Shamrock,' Mulgeldic. (You have a. v^ry amusing -little pet. Pleased to know you, allow him his liberty. It is sad to' tec big birds in email .cages. Please put age ou let ters. — A.B.). . f mi Ai'tbe'Show^ The' Mundubbera 'Show was held on Wednesday «iid'- Thursday, May 36 and 37. .Everyone' of us attended on first day,' but only mum On the necond' day. .We left. for Mondub bera afttfift'* j* 'o VlWk ''on * Wedhfcsday morningVttrii-- arrived jdrt. after tbo events had started - We had an en- \ joyable day. We had. fun ?'winning , .some boxes of chocolates as well as * ninny other things. My father won many prizes for cattle, among them being the prise for the champion cow ou the showgrounds. We saw all the dogs and fowls- Wc also had a look at the fancy- work and school-work. Thdre were many vegetables) .and different fruits. There was a wire- , 1c?u going all day, to whieh we listened for a while. We also saw a big grandfahter clock. — 'Daisy Belle' (11), Mooroongic, via Eidsvold. (Dad -must have shown some fine cattle* You evidently made the ltiost of your long day and saw everything of iuterest. Title anu double writ ing marks.— A.B.) mnt» Feeding the Birds. Among the many different kinds of 'birds around our place are a lot of tiiiO-nttgiaua. V uv vi. tuvui »UB vvij I bold and used to hop around the | verandah, picking up the ^eed' that fell i from the canaries' cage. Wc threw some breadcrumbs into the garden and Jte soon cauic to get than. The next day he brought his mates to share bis I meal. — 'Day Dawn' (6), Uraugau I IU.1U, ^r«VIIUriU. I i(The willy-wagtail is a very smart, | lively little bird. He U very useful, : too, to the dairyman. Writing marks. — A.B.). ? xxxx The Pigmy Woman. 1 went to the Maryborough Show on Saturday. Of all the side- shows I saw I enjoyed the Pligmy Woman most. -She was no jailer than a two- year-old, although she was 26 years old. She had a beautiful head of wavy hair, and a lovely set of teeth. She sang several songs, oue being iu her native language. She had with her a hand some rug made with the skin of the | animal ?which attacked her in Africa. She told the people several jokes aud , riddle?. Wishing the Corner success. | — 'Maiden Fern' (14), Tinana. (Yos, you would be interested iu such a diminutive specimen of woman hood. How quaint she is, and clever, too. Title and double writiuir marks. — A.B.). xxxt Rover. Our .dear little puppy is juet five weeks old to-day. I call him 'Rover.' .lie is a cattle puppy and is a pretty blue. He is just beginning to know lie is alive to the world, ne is a real trirk. He can bark quite loudly now, and trie*; to bite our heels wheu we run away from him. After I feed hini-at night I put him in the barn, and as soon as mv back is turned to go home, puppy is behind me. He loves porridge and plenty of milk for breakfast. This he gets every morn ing and i«5 very fat. — 'Andy'' (7), Tinana. (You inu.'t lore your little dog, and' are very kind to him, 1 see. No wonder ho is fat, as you feed him so well. Title aud writing marks. — AVB.). xxxx Vfece. One morning my mother rose «arlj aud had breakfast, then get to work to .do the washing. My little brother Vfne'e was playing with the toys ou the .floor. M-arv had her little port with several lollies iu it and she gave hicn one every time lie askod. Vince l was a good boy until the washing was 1 ended, then he got outeidc and painted I himself with the blue-bag. He then! kept calling himself Black Joe. Wish- 1 ing the Corner sucocss. — -'Lilac' (0), j Tinana. | (Vii^cc must be u little mischicf. ' lie must have looked quaint after wing the blue-bag. Title nad writ ing -marks. — A'.B.). VYTy Pet. 1 wish to tell you about our littl* deg. She was given to us last week. ^hc is a fosterrier and iB eight weeks olu'. She is quite a- small doggie, being only 35 1 inches long. Wo calj her 'Pet.' She is black and white, and has a dear little face. She is intelli gent and knows a lot already. We hope lo train 'Pet' to be a useful «log, also to do some tricks. -When I go for the cowfi she always comes with wc and is company for me. I will teach her to help me drive them later T-n. 'When I leave for school 'Pet'i runs to the gate and jumps up and ; howls; she hadn't yet learned that she must not go over to the ecbool. We have always longed for a doggie and now Daphne and I are very happy. 'Uoney-bud' (8), Hivesville ?(So you and Daphne have another new pet. She must be a dear little doggtej but you will have to train iher to stay at home when you go to fschool. i Title and writing marks. — A.B.). J xxxx At the Circus. I ? , On May 28 we all wont to Lloyd Sifters' circus. When we arrived, there were so mauy people around tbe ; ring that, at first, we could not &eu.; ! But after a while wc got into the seats, i 1 liked the trapeze acts best of all. 1 i held my breath when the girt iiioppuu jrum mv ueiguG or twenty loot und then caught hold of the rope. ! I would not like to fall from that : height on to tho ground. There were: many boys who tried to ride the don key, but only two succccded. There vva* also a lady, -dancing and skipping UN u horse. Then out camo a beauti ful big kangaroo dog that jumped a height of about twenty feet. This was the end of the circus. — ' P-oscbud' , (IL*), Maryborough. . , (Many breath-taking acts aro seen ji- *? circus trapeze. The one you mon- ! tiou must have been n clever feat. I The eireu* was. evidently, very enter taining. Writing marks.— A/B-). kxxx Angora Babbits. ' ; j will tell you about our Angora rabbits. We 'have two. They are lovely white pets. Mine is named 'Fluff' and Muriel's j* named Tuff.' We feed them on green feed nnd milk. Sometimes ive take tlictn from their ruu and play, with them on the lawn'. iWe tic ribbons round their necks. They are very tame arfd ;ire easv to catch, but thev do love to L'at daddy's roung plants.*— 'Crystal'' (?'), Hivesville. (What lovely pets they must be. Xo wonder you love to pluy with them. But dadily won't favour them if they oat his young plants. Title and writ ing oiarkfi. — ?A.fe.}. At the Show. I went to the show on Monday after noon, I had a ride on a camel, which was great fun. There was a seat on each eide of the camel's - back; four other little girls were ou with me. The camel lay down for us to get on. uihi a man lined me on ana titx&ppeu; | u- to the seat; then he bade the. camel - get up, which it did, and we all ' laughed. We had a nice ride, the man 1 leading liitn about. 1 theii went to ? see the potplants.- cut flowers and other ; exhibits. I liked the flowers best. I then walked through the pavilion and1 looked at all the pretty things there. I had two rides on the merry-go-roand, and- two on the little train. I watched the high jump for a little while, but 1 jj did not like it. When it was time j to go home l.felt tired' but happy, ufter'havii^r bpent'euch 4 lovely «fter Inooii. — '^killywigs' -'), Marybor ough. ~ * ' (You Iihvo told us in a bright man ner all which pleased you 'most at' the *1 tow*. You must have .had a happy ? afternoon. Title marks. — A3-}. 