A N interesting sidelight on the war is recalled by the visit to Sydney of Mr. G. J. Feakes, who was stationed on Cocos Island with the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company for nearly two years. The present superintendent of the station was a junior officer on the island when the Sydney sank the Emden, and he was responsible for the transmission of the wireless message which brought the Sydney to the spot. But he was superintendent when the second Emden called at the island two years ago. The reception of this ship was very different from that accorded to the pre vious visitor, though the captain of the new Emden was a junior officer of the former Emden during the fight. — 'Pax.' * v * * $ jyjR. THEON MERFIELD, lecturer at the Uni versity Engineering School, Melbourne, has again proved that what can be done in another part of the world can be done here, too. A Canadian watch maker succeeded in boring a hole through a common pin lengthwise without splitting after two years' experiment ing. Merfield, however, reading of this, went to his workshop and bored a hole down a large pin and then fitted a smaller one in it. This he also bored, and finally he selected a still finer pin and did the same. The pins fitted together like a telescope, and he passed a hair through the three on completion of the job. — 'Tena.' * sfc * * A NEW kerbstone around the neglected grave of one of the Smith family at Lynesack, Durham, is the gift of some Dickens devotees who believe that Ldward omitn, wno died m I oot ana was buried there, was the original Smike of 'Nicolas Nickleby.' It was in this locality' that the Shaws ran Dotheboys ? School until they were prosecuted for cruelty and the school disbanded. Amongst the pupils who were then left to fend for themselves was Smike — who has been identified with this Smith, who worked for the rest of his life at Lynesack at humble occupations, and supplied material for Dickens when he visited Bar nard Castle to collect material for 'Nico- las Nickleby.' — 'MSS.' * * * * SPRING: CANBERRA. QWIFT spears of sunlight in the east ern sky, Wide, flower-filled spaces — birds upon the wing; The Murrumbidgee mountains towering high; O'er all the glorious blazonry of Spring! — Walter D. White. ♦ * * * 'ORAND Guignol' plays have had very little success in Australia, in spite of some efforts to establish them; France was their home, and they had a long run in Paris. One of the writers of these horrific dramas, M. Gabriel Bernard, died recently, and in the man ner of his death Fate worked one of its fantastic tricks. The man who lived to deal in terror and shocks (although he had a quieter life as a musical critic and historian) dropped dead when a hawker brandished a red paint-brush in his face! — H.M. jyjR. WRAYLANDS WRAY, native of Mary borough (Q. ), 54 3'ears young, a member of the famous 10th at Gallipoli, is to try to put up a record for a walk from Brisbane to Adelaide by the coastal route, approximately 1 800 miles. He hopes to cover the distance in about 3 1 days, thus averaging nearly 60 miles a day. He has walked a lot in vari ous countries, and some years ago travelled from Brisbane to Adelaide, via Broken Hill, in 33 days. His present trek will be under the auspices of the Aus tralian Amateur Athletic Association, and his time will probably be recognised as an official record. — N. T^HE gold mine in Wales referred to by E.E.H.H. ('S.M.,' 5/9/34) is an old Roman mine, as, indeed, are all the Welsh mines being worked in Car marthenshire, Cardiganshire, and Merioneth. I know the one your correspondent refers to exceptionally well. Particularly interesting is the fact that the miners working it were Australians who made a little out of the original Kalgoorlie rush. The mine is under ground, at a depth of about 50 feet, and, although for a time the old Roman tunnels produced a certain amount of gold, more payable quantities were found by cross-cutting the original tunnels. It is considered geologically that the whole of the Bala range from Dolgelly to Bala contains plenty of gold, and, accord ing to the Australians in charge of the workings, of such richness that in any dominion it would cause a gold rush. Actually the sellers of the proposition are likely to use the £ 20,000 in exploiting the range higher up. The most amazing thing about the mine is the vividness of the seams. Illuminated with a torch the metal dazzles like an Aladdin's cave. The Tryws fyndd mine produced the gold for the wedding rings of both H.R.H. Princess Mary and H.R.H. Princess Elizabeth, Duchess of York. Much of the gold so produced has fetched fabulous prices on account of its sentimental value, and, after the Royal weddings, it was a fashion to have wedding rings of Welsh gold, which cost about ten times their intrinsic value. — 'Cymru.' * * * * * TSABEL BATEMAN, the predecessor for ten years of Ellen Terry as Henry Irving's leading lady, and one of the four daughters of the Hezekiah Bateman who gave Irving the great metropolitan chance which made theatrical history, has only just died in England. When displaced by Ellen Terry she joined a sister hood, and she was Mother-General of St. Mary's Convent, Wantage, when she died at the age of 79. Like her three sisters (who all have their stage des cendants, whilst one became the mother of novelist Compton Mackenzie) she was a talented actress, al though not, perhaps, in the Terry class. living's change-over of leading ladies when he himself took over the Lyceum had less to do with the lady's histrionic merits than with his desire to sever completely the re lations with her father, with whom there had been many disagreements. Her retirement to the cloisters indicates what Miss Bateman must have felt about it. — 'Merc.' ♦ * # * LJ. N. KIRWAN'S recent account in the 'Sydney Mail' of an early American invasion of these shores in 1804 refers to an incident more familiar to stu dents of Australiana than an earlier at tempt which took place in I 79-6. This arose from the sympathetic interest shown by George Washington in the speeches and philanthropic work of the 'Scottish. Martyrs' of Port Jackson, and resulted in a ship being fitted out and sent across the world to the First Settlement to effect the escape of one of the martyrs. It was on the 11th of February of 1796 that Muir, the martyr in question, was smug gled aboard the ship, the Otter, which straightway sailed out of the Heads and away to California, where she was wrecked and everyone on board drowned but Muir and two sailors. The 'Scottish Martyrs' were five in number, idealists, men of good character and standing — Muir, Skirving Gerald, Palmer, and Mar garot. Before their transportation to Port Jackson for seditious utterances, in 1 794, they were members of a Glasgow band of social reformers known as Friends of the People. They devoted themselves, while serving their sentences, which ranged from five years to fourteen, to alleviating the sufferings of the more abandoned convicts, and Muir's writings on this subject and his account of the vindictive treatment shown to himself and his fellow-prisoners, as the result of which Skirving and Gerald died, were what stirred the indignation of Washington and led to the American intervention. — C.M. Toronto's centenary recently the United States returned the mace of the Upper Canada Legis lature which it had captured in war 121 years pre viously. Such courtesy recalls the happy fact that along the many frontier miles between Canada and the United States to-day there is not a single fort, sentry, or cannon — a fact to make some other continents think, whose racial boundaries bristle with bayonets, concrete gun-embankments, trenches, and glowering troops. — S.O.S. * * * * * MR: FREDERICK COOPER, who recently died in London at the age of 93 years, specialised in building tubes. The most remarkable was the one in which Cleopatra's Needle travelled from the Nile to the Thames. It was a metal cylinder, and was so buoyant that it survived being cast adrift in the Bay of Biscay in a storm and floated into Vigo. When it eventually reached London great crowds assembled to watch the curious object being towed up the river. When the tube was opened the obelisk was undam aged. — C.A.M. * * * * * JF Sydney's taxi 'war' continues very much longer it appears that the cab drivers may soon be offering to pay their passengers for the privilege of carrying them. Already many cabs charge only threepence a mile, and only the other day one of the big services threatened to bring the mileage rate down even lower. Why did not this happen about a month ago when every other day was wet? Then we could not only have kept dry, but imagined ourselves bloated pluto crats, and all for the price of about a middling-sized tram fare. The thought almost makes one hope for more rain. — N. * * * * * JT is rather amazing, and certainly redounds little to the credit of those who permitted it, that a num ber of settlers who returned to England from Victoria, dissatisfied with their treatment in this country, should be allowed to parade outside Australia House in Lon don carrying f banners exhorting onlookers not to buy Australian goods 'until British people get fair treat ment and other inscriptions of a similar nature. Ex cept in very isolated cases — and then the fault usually lies with the person concerned — British immigrants have been received with friendliness and have been treated on the same basis as Australians themselves. That is as it should be. What an outcry would be raised if the positions were reversed and a number of Australians demonstrated outside the British Com missioner's office urging people to excommunicate Britain for some fancied wrong ! — F.A.N. * * * * * ROMANTIC human nature rightly glows over the engagement of Prince George to Princess Marina of Greece. How many now living remember the burst of popular applause that greeted the marriage of King Edward (as Prince of Wales) to the Danish Princess Alexandra in 1863? Princess Marina of Greece is a grand-niece of that 'beautiful Dane' who became Queen Alexandra and the mother of our present King. Women may recall how the 'Alexandra curl' — a long curl falling under the left ear — was fashionably copied during the coronation year of 1902. — F.A.Q. * # * * * 0NR of the most interesting visitors to Australia for the Melbourne Centenary celebrations will be Lady Moore, who is a great- granddaughter of John Batman. John and Maria Batman had six daughters, the eldest of whom, Maria, married an Irishman, one Robert Fennell. Fennell and his wife lived at Yarra Grange, where Mrs. Fennell died while their family were still young. Eventually Fennell severed his connection with Melbourne and returned to Ireland. One of the Fennell girls married Benjamin Murphy, of Prior Park, Clonmel, and amongst their family was the girl who now returns to this country on a visit as the wife of Major-General Sir John Moore, of the Royal Army Veterinary Corps. — 'Centeenary.' **** * FOLLOWING on the sale and remodelling in 1930 of the historic Honeymoon Inn at Richmond comes the destruction by fire of another notable old hostelry, the Red Cow Inn at Abbotsford, This occurred only recently. The Red Cow was built in 1823 and catered for the scattered settlers, timber-getters, and others who used the Great Northern road in the days when Wiseman's Ferry was looked on as a very distant settlement from Sydney and the region beyond a terra incognita. We have changed all that. There is now the Gladesville Bridge in place of an old punt they used to call the Bedlam Punt, and which carried traffic across the Parramatta from Abbotsford Point; and ever since 1872 the Red Cow has been the head quarters of the Sydney Rowing Club. The liquor licence remained with it right to the last, but since the seventies in a modified form. Members of the club only could benefit by it. The big collection of rowing trophies which was burnt along with the building used to be the chief attraction in the dining- room (once the old bar-room). Apart from a billiard-room and the electric lights, the place was much the same as it had been in the early days. People from abroad often smile at our proud references to architectural relics like the Red Cow, the Honeymoon Inn, Burdekin House, and such places, which are infantile in com parison with what they have seen in Europe. But to us a hundred years is a long time, and when our historic old landmarks go we cannot restrain a sigh of regret. — C.M. * * * * :|: A LIVELY and energetic 'young- old' veteran is James Elkerton, aged 80, of Grafton, N.S.W. Having resided in Grafton for sixty years, he still manages to ride a bicycle long distances to jobs. His last exploit was to cover over a hundred miles to Can gai and back again. Only a few months ago the offer of work at Casino sent Elkerton off on his bike at 3 p.m. By riding all that night he was able to arrive in time to start work the next morning. The speedo meter attached to his machine shows that in the last seven years he has covered 1 4,000 miles — a wonderful record for a man of his age. — 'Montfort.' * * * * T^OR many years now practically every town of im portance in Australia has had its soldiers' memo rial erected to those gallant men of the district who were killed in the Great War. But one of the first memorials that should have been erected, and which was apparently overlooked, was that to the first Aus tralians killed in the war. After twenty years this omission is being rectified, and on September 1 1 last the Administrator of New Guinea (Brigadier-General T. Griffiths) laid the foundation-stone of the memorial at Rabaul. Appropriately enough, it was the Ad ministrator's last public function before returning to Australia. The memorial is being erected to the first five Australians killed in the war — Captain Pockley and Able Seamen Williams, Walker, Moffatt, and Street — who were mortally wounded when the Austra lians landed at Kabakaul on September 11, 1914, and proceeded to Bitapaka to capture the German wireless station. — K. 