TO-DAY'S NEWS Parliament passed through all its stages a Bill to create a fund to com- bat Weil's disease. The Bill to restore the railways appeal board passed its third reading, and an important amendment of the Lands Act reached the second reading. Both Mr. Justice Brennan and the jury concerned made replies to com- ment in Parliament by Mr. O. Daniel regarding a recent defamation case at Rockhampton. A public inquiry into the loss of the D.H. 86 air mail liner will be opened at Longreach to-day, and will be con- tinued in Brisbane next week. The State gold yield for the 10 months of this year was 93,035 fine oz., valued at £395,188. The by-law of the Nerang Council governing the control of its beaches has been declared ultra vires of the Local Authorities Act by the Crown Law Office. Regulations for the control of rats in the Ingham area have been gazetted as part of the campaign against Weil's disease. Flight-Lieutenant H. P. M. Hansen and Mr. Jensen, the Danish competi- tors in the Centenary air race, reached Brisbane on the return trip. The grasshopper menace is expected to be serious in the Inglewood district next month, as large breeding grounds have been reported throughout the forestry reserves and scrub lands. Crawford and Quist will fight out the final of the Queensland singles tennis championship to-day. On a wicket that definitely favoured the bowlers, scoring in the match be- tween Metropolis and a Combined Country team was low. Gilbert took four wickets for 39. INTER-STATE The prospectus of the Common- wealth £15,000,000 loan will be isssued to-day. Mr. Lyons has made marked pro- gress towards recovery, and may leave hospital to-morrow or on Monday. In spite of pouring rain, the Duke of Gloucester received a warm, wel- come from large crowds in Launces- ton. H. L. Brook, who piloted a Miles Falcon plane in the handicap section of the air race, arrived at Darwin. He was delayed for 13 days at Athens. Eight members of the Federal Par- liament will be invited to visit Eng- land next year for the King's silver jubilee celebrations. The Federal Cabinet is making every effort to introduce next week at least preparatory legislation for the relief of wheat growers. The whole question of the air mail contract let to Qantas Imperial Air- ways Ltd. for the Australia — Singa- pore section of the route is to be re- viewed at a conference in Sydney. Following an application by Mr. Kisch for a writ of habeas corpus, the High Court ordered his release, but he was rearrested and failed to pass a dictation test in Gaelic. He was then charged with being a pro- hibited immigrant. Mr. C. T. P. Ulm's Melbourne agent states that Ulm will probably leave Vancouver on Thursday on his trans- Pacific flight to Australia. H. Cooper and J. Thomson, both of America, are leading for the cen- tenary open golf championship, one stroke ahead of Sarazen and Ezar. Features of the first day's play in the Woodfull — Ponsford testimonial match at Melbourne were the batting of Badcock and Fingleton, who made 64 and 57 respectively, and the bowl- ing of Grimmett, who took five for 64. INTERNATIONAL Sir James Parr, High Commissioner for New Zealand, believes that the meat negotiations will end in a satis- ractory long-term arrangement. Japan is protesting to France against alleged firing by French troops upon a Japanese patrol in Manchukuo. A French newspaper is seeking per- mission to organise an air race round the world in 1935. Japan intends establishing a Zeppe- lin service to Manchukuo, and later to Singapore and the United States. The Saar Chamber of Commerce has sent a petition to the League of Nations directing attention to the par- lous economic condition of the Terri- tory. A Spanish police boat is alleged to have opened fire on a Portuguese ves- sel, which was carrying Spanish re- fugees. The captain was killed and the refugees were recaptured. It is understood that the Common- wealth Government intends to amend the cotton duties, which caused such opposition in Lancashire. The United States is discussing pro- posals from Britain for joint action in the event of the naval discussions breaking down. Acute tension prevails in the Bal- kins. Frontiers are being fortified and armies increased. The Mayor of Homburg, in the Saar, has been sentenced to imprisonment for violation of neutrality. The Saar Governing Commission de- mands that the signatories to the German Front's memorandum to the League of Nations be prosecuted for al- leged libel. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith is planning a non-stop flight from San Francisco to London. 