A TALK ON TARIFFS. — ? o- ? Dr. Page at Ketnpsey. Opposes Restriction of Production. 'The disease of economic nationalism which has spread its contagion rapid ly throughout the world is threatening to throw a blight upon commercial intercourse more serious than the dis locating effects of the war itself,' said Ur% fcarle- Fage, Leader of the Aus tralian Country Party in a speech at a public meeting Friday night last, when Aid. H. C. Henderson presided. In the propagation of the germs of this disease Australia has Jiot been an innocent spectator. Indeed, Australia has .been ,a. ringleader and, though we sell the bulk of our products overseas, our leaders in the past have insisted thta we be self-contained. The Scullin orgy of embargoes, prohibitions and tariff restrictions against other coun tries was backed by the then' Prime Minister's statement that he was not afraid of retaliation because Australia produced, raw materials that other countries need and must have, and which they could not obtain elsewhere. Now Australia's policy of tariff re strictions is being followed generally. Other countries are determined to grow their own raw materials regard less of cost. Thejr refuse to buy our raw ^materials. . Germany places an emjgrgb against wool; Belgium against -^?flSrley f - Italy and France against wneai; Britain against meat. conti nental restrictions have tended to force dowh^prices in our best markets be cause''when butter, for instance, is shut out of a foreign European coun try, that product is turned towards the British market, and this depresses our prices. The obvious course of action is for us to reverse our policy. We must re member that there is an inexorable law which says 'If thou wilt not buy thou canst not sell.' The goods we purchase from other countries gives them the purchasing power to buy our goods, even' though it may be that the return to us is indirectly through a whole series of commercial trans actions. We had a very big opportunity of re claiming' the position at the Ottawa Conference. Unfortunately our Gov ernment did not take the fullest ad vantage of this and, by its niggardly attitude and its failure to carry out the spirit as well as the letter of the agree ment, substantial ill-will towards us was created in Britain. This is par ticularly unfortunate at the present. time, because there has been growing up in Britain a great desire to secure profitable prices for their farmers and also to become as far as# possible, self contained also in agriculture, though there is no possible chance of her be coming self-contained. For example, she only produces 17 per cent, of her butter consumption. But undoubtedly ill-will towards Australia was engend dered by our churlish treatment of her, and she has made treaties with other countries like Denmark, Argentine, Holland, Scandinavia and even the Soviet which give those countries sub stantial' concessions in ourspecial line of goods in return for an equivalent amount of British goods. Such trea ties have prevented the squeezing out of foreign goods to make room for our own. Most of these agreements are i-f short ^duration. - That with Den £? fil^1p|-|-% ys&r; 'has actually passed. *J^'Gtia^f agreements provided that there 'would' be no restriction of butter for three }rears from August, 1932, so that its currency comes to an end with in six months of the expiration of the Danish treaty . Immediate Action to Improve British Trade Relations. What is necessary during the next 18 months is to improve our trade relat ions with Britain, and modify our tariff attitude to show we are prepared to actfept British goods in return for the unrestricted entry of our goods in to Britain. If we want unrestricted entry ., for our goods, then we must make some compensation to Britain for the trade she will lose by exclud ing foreign goods in our favor. If we are prepared to do this and to state our position unequivocably, I am satisfied that we can make agreements with Britain which will give us unrestricted entry of our butter during the next 18 months and which will ensure after that time the expansion of our indus tries along ^satisfactory lines. If we do not do this, it seems inevit able that just as the door of continen tal markets has been slamnied against us, so the 'British door will gradually contract its opening, if it is not com pletely shut Interest Payments. We have a strong plea that except we sell our goods to Britain we cannot pay her the interest paymenra1 on her investments in Australia and that must give Britain pause. If we are prepar ed to buy to the maximum, the goods she can sell and which we cannot make commercially we would stand in a strong position, we would make a definite contribution to the peace of the wqrld, and we would show the in soluble integrity of the Empire as a unit in peace as well as war. Will Fight Restriction. The question of restriction no certain lines has to be faced now. A measure of restriction has been imposed on mutton, lamb and wheat The tactical value of such restrictions I seriously doubt, and I will fight strenuously against any restriction on exports, especially governmental restriction. Voluntary ~»-oducer restriction is en tirely a matter for the producers them selves. Scheme to Organise Agriculture. 'If restriction is to take place through our failure to act, then it is absolutely essential that, there should be in existence some body that can regulate and select the best methods of controlling agriculture in such a way as to ensure the greatest money return and the greatest amount of work. To this end I have advocated the creation of an Australian Agricultural Council along the lines of the Loan Council, which, as you know, was brought into being by myself as Treasurer, and which has been the financial sheet anchor of Australia during the past few years. I am sure we need a similar body to deal with Agriculture, with similar powers and functions to prepare and carry out a national agricultural policy of develop ment and expansion. I believe that the creation of such a body will for the first time in Australia make the Agri cultural Departments, which have al ways been the Cinderellas of Govern ment, the dominating factors in national life. I believe that with the operation of such a Council for two or three years, agriculture will be seen for the first time in its proper per spective and the means necessary to place the agricultural industries in their proper position as creating a market for secondary industries will become evident, whether the means found involve tariff reform, taxation reform, transport reforms or market ing reforms. The functions of such an Australian Agricultural Council would be to lay down a general policy for Agriculture. The details would be carried out by the States themselves, and they would be absolutely free as to the methods they would employ. The cost of such an arrangement would foe insignificant, consisting of the travelling expenses of the Ministers and staffs, and having been inaugurated, it would not need to meet more than once a year. If it met at the same time as the Loan Council, the members of both Coun cils could meet together so that the economic and financial side could be considered with the technical aspect. It is obvious that only by a nation wide plan and a nation- wide system, can agriculture be properly handled. The organisation of the individual in dustries has been of extraordinary value, but if restriction is to take place with the purpose of limiting product ion and raising prices it is obvious that a large number of persons will be forced out of the industries concerned. It must be the function of the Agri cultural Council to divert these mar ginal farmers and their employees to other avenues of employment, and_ tO7 ensure that the capital sunk in the im provement and development of lands is not lost but shall remain — oductive. Such an Agricultural Council will not only deal with the present emergency in which agriculture finds itself, but it would also be able to secure through the means it would have at its disposal and the proper organisation of Gov ernment departments, those factors essential to the progress and prosper ity of agriculture. One of the most important of these facts is the interest that agriculture must pay. . It is quite obvious that, with existing prices for products of the land, and even present values of land, not to speak of the higher values pre viously paid, that only a low rate ot interest can be found by agriculture. The Agriculture Council could easily suggest means whereby these interest rates could not merely be reduced temporarily, but stabilised permanent ly on such low levels. In such a way can we restore the equity of farmers in their^fioldings and give them a de; finite hope for the future and incentive for further work. Restoration of con fidence in business has undoubtedly given a fillip to financial recovery. What still is necessary is the restora tion of confidence in agriculture, and in its future. Dr. Page said that he was getting increased support for his policy of lower tariffs, in regard to' countries willing to trade with Australia. Aus tralia was the first country to* feel the depression and should be the first out if a wise policy of trade agreements were adopted. The speaker took opportunity to say that the Country Party was fight ing for an amendment of the Old Age Pensions Act, so that pensions would not be a charge against pensioners' homes at their death. He also favored a system whereby all persons would be automatically entitled to a pension at a certain age. He'd also fought the Government on the wheat question. A bouhty'liatfbeen givenHp wheat grow ers, but only to those with no other source ^»f income, which constituted the biggest scandal in Australia. All wheat growers should share in the bounty, irrespective of their other ac tivities. The Country Party would fight the Government on this point, tor no discrimination had ever been made in the distribution of bounties to other industries. Other countries were try ing to bolster up their farming indus tries, and the same thing must be done here. A voice: Why were the Wolgan Valley shale works closed down in 1908? - - Dr. Page: I don't know. The shale oil industry is one that presents tre mendous difficulties. An investigation is now being made into the whole question of shale oil production. The voice: Well, Wolgan Valley was sold to- an American Company by John Fell. The Americans closed the works and put me out of a job. The place is still idle, with millions _ of pounds worth of machinery rusting there. Mr. W. Trainor: Is it nossilfle for the sleeper 'cutters to get a rise in their rates of pay? Dr. Page: I've no idea. That *is purely a State matter. Mr. J. Hoad: Is there any trade preference to Great Britain at all now? Dr. Page: Yes, under the Ottawa Agreement there is a 15 per cent, preference. Mr. Hoad: Does that apply to cream separators? Dr. Page: Yes. Mr. Hoad: Then why do all the dairymen buy foreign-made separators instead of buying the British machine? Dr. Page: Well, that is easily understandable. Up till 3 or 4 years ago the foreign makes of separator were better than the British; but now the British Lister separator is well up to the foreign standard. In future all dairymen should buy the British ma chine and stick loyally to the Empire. Mr. Hoad: Hear! Hear! That should sink into the Macleay cow cocky's mind. A voice: How is it that the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, although receiving Government support, prefer to employ foreigners rather than Aus tralians? Dr. Page: I don't know. The question of what labour they employ is one*for the Government. The Coun try Party has opposed the high tariffs on iron, etc., under which the B.H.P. is able to charge so highly for material required by primary producers. Mr. W. Trainor: Which would you rather see at work here, a Czecho slav or an Australian like myself? Dr. Page: I prefer Australians first, then British immigrants. However, if foreigners come here to settle down and work they must be regarded as Australians. If we had a population of 25,000,000 people here we'd be a lot better off now in regard to the dis posal of our products. In response to an interjection Dr. Page said that when the Bruce Page Government was in office everybody was in work. The recently imposed high tariffs had hit the industrialists most severely, for manufactories had closed down wholesale after the Scullin tariffs were put on. The farm ers had been hit, too, but not nearly so severely as the people working at various trades in industrial centres. The Bruce-Page Government had at least kept people in work. Mr. R. J. Jamieson had a hearty vote of thanks accorded Dr. Page for his comprehensive address. Votes of thanks were accorded Mr. P. R. Griffin for use of loud speaker equipment, and to Aid. Henderson for presiding. 