MORE MARKETS Australia's Needs All the economic policies engag- ' S the activity of Australian Governments to-day, whatever may be their immediate special purpose, must have one certain consequence if they are to succeed. They must result in an enormous increase of production. If all our unemployed are to be put in regular work once again the output of our industries must be greatly enlarged. The many public works through which Governments in the meantime are endeavouring to reduce unemploy- ment in every State all contemplate a large expansion of production and will only be justified when those expectations are realised. The vigorous efforts proceeding in Queensland for the opening up of rich scrub lands in the northern part of our State and for the closer settlement of other land require that new settlers shall add to the existing production of our State and Commonwealth. Yet at the present time a large part of that production is having to be subsidised in many ways because it is unprofitable. The export of butter, sugar, and wheat at unremunera Uve prices is having to be financed by Australian consumers. A i restricted market in Britain ' threatens our meat industry at a time when new capital expenditure will be needed to exploit commercially the possibilities of the new process for shipping chilled beef. A heavy glut of fruit was reported only yesterday in Brisbane, and the market was said to be the poorest for many years. The solution of every one of our national economic problems-unemployment, land settlement, and the reinforcement of our too sparse population by immigration must end in increased production. But what is to be done with that production? Our greatest problem of all is how to enlarge our existing oversea markets and how to acquire new markets. The movement in Britain for the restriction of imports in order to aid British agriculture has made more people in Australia realise that there may be limits to the capacity of what all through our history has been our main market to receive our produce. But those limits have not yet been reached when it is reported that in some of the principal stores and shops of t Glasgow, a city of more than 1,000,000 people, Australian butter, meat, canned fruits, and other goods are not procurable for months on end during the year. There are many other great provincial cities of the British Isles that can tell the same tale. It is not sufficient to advertise Australian produce in the United Kingdom. The goods must be there to meet the demand that advertising creates. That is one of the secrets of the enormous trade that the Danish dairying industry, South American meat exporters, and Californian fruit packers have built up in the British markets. Australian export industries, misled by the ease with which their products can be sold in a protected market of less than 7,000,000 people, do not yet take a big enough view of oversea markets, nor do they yet adequately "follow through" to the retailer. If we are to grow more fruit and more sugar on now idle lands with labour now lacking work we must can and process more fruit and find profitable markets for it. If we are to grow more wheat and get more profitable prices for the wheat we are now growing we must make more biscuits and breadstuffs for export abroad. If we are to multiply our dairy farms we must equal and excel the efficiency of Danes, not only in production, but in the distribution of our butter and other dairy products abroad. The search for new markets should direct Australian energies | and enterprise to the countries of the East. We must get out of the habit of undervaluing those markets because they are coloured and cheap labour markets. Geographi- cally, Australia is situated in the "coloured" hemisphere of the world, and economically it must be brought into closer relations with Eastern peoples and their trade requirements. In the East we have yet to create that good will which is our heritage in Britain and in Europe. This will require a very close study of trading customs and prejudices and national psycholo- gives very different from those of our customers of the Western ; world. Dr. A. C. V. Melbourne, who | speaks with first-hand knowledge in the article he contributed to the financial and industrial supple- ment of The Courier-Mail, put great stress on the need of cultivating co-operation with Eastern importers, if we are to expand our trade with China, Japan. Malaysia, the Dutch East Indies, and India we must realise that profitable exportation necessitates profitable importation. Both the United States and Canada have long been aware of the value of Eastern markets. They have gone after trade there and have not waited for it to be brought to them. They have had large success in creating a demand for their products. This- creative spirit industry is what Australia sorely needs, and there is vast room for development. 