SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1934 THE STRANGER'S RIGHTS It is disturbing to discover, as at Kalgoorlie and Boulder, in Western Australia, this week, that happen- ings similar to those which have occasionally disturbed this gold- field in past years and which still disgrace some European countries are still possible in Australia also. British communities have a tra- ditional horror of mob violence, which was shown very clearly in the widespread disapproval of the lynching that occurred recently in the United States. The people of the Commonwealth take pride in their tolerance and broadminded- ness. The vindictive and cowardly nature of the attacks in Western Australia upon a relatively small group of foreigners, many of them naturalised citizens, is a severe blow to that pride. The savage forms which hostility to foreigners has taken are a commonplace of human history. The impulse to treat stran- gers brutally can be traced through the early history of most European countries. In the days when every city was in constant conflict with its neighbours, or in countries where tribal warfare was the normal order of things, there were ample reasons for distrusting the stranger, and such hostility was comprehensible. In this supposedly enlightened cen- tury and in this advanced country such conduct is utterly abhorrent. Sporadic and superficial as racial disturbances have been in the Com- monwealth, they have usually been traceable to the leadership of a few hot- heads in some conglomeration of adventurous spirits, given to un- wise indulgence, lacking in self-con- trol, and prone to make unreason- able demands upon a community which has tended to pamper them unwisely in prescribing working con- ditions. These outbreaks have been confined in the main to localities to which the foreign immigrant has been attracted by these very work- ing conditions. As aliens, unfamiliar with the language and customs of the country, foreigners are subjected in most communities to unfriendly treatment, which prevents them from mixing with their fellow workers, and keeps them in clan- nish isolation. In time this be- comes compulsory excluslveness, and so, ironically enough, the occa- sion of fresh complaint and re- sentment by the native-born. The alien groups, because of their en- forced isolation, become more con- spicuous than their numbers jus- tify; and the community which re- fuses to accept them complains that they form an alien and non-assimil- able element. Hostility- thus awak- ened, like many another appetite, grows by what it feeds on; for, in the words of H. G. Wells, "no gene- " ralisations about race are too ex- " travagant for the inflamed cre- " dulity of the present time." To minds excited by passion no rumour is too far-fetched, no canard too crude for acceptance. It is, unfortunately, impossible to deny that in mining towns and upon the sugar-fields of Queens- land, in particular, strained rela- tions between British and alien workers are continuously present, little as many members of the British group appear to value their nationality on other occasions. The outbreak in Western Australia is on all fours with the trouble that oc- curred in Queensland in 1926, when members of the Australian Workers' Union refused to handle sugar grown by Italians. It matters little that the pretext for attack is now to be found in the slogan "Jobs for "Australians first"; for the root of the trouble is in the sense of griev- ance felt by the "ne'er-do-well" in contemplating the apparent pros- perity of the thrifty and industrious. An unbiased observer said of the Queensland episode, "Italian labour " is popular among Australian em- " ployers. It is not given to strikes " or to unreasonable demands for " wages or for unduly superior liv- " ing conditions, demands which, on " the part of Australian labour, in " cessant and irritating, have no " finality and have endangered the " prosperity of the sugar industry." Even in times of booming pros- perity, however, public opinion re- fused to tolerate lawlessness. The people of a Commonwealth emerg- ing painfully from crisis have shown in no uncertain measure their opinion of the happenings on the Golden Mile. Australia's chief need is not for workers who can maintain arrogant and extravagant claims and hold industry to ransom upon every flimsy pretext, but for people who can help to solve the innumerable problems associated with the em- ployment of undeveloped resources. The record of non-British immi- grants in Australia is frankly an open reproach to the lack of energy and foresight in many a native- born Australian. German settlers in every wheatgrowing or wine-pro- ducing area, Danish and Scandina- vian settlers in dairying and other regions, Italian workers in the mines and on the sugar-fields, Greeks, Maltese, and Czechoslovakians in various occupations have proved their title to the best that Australia can offer them. Immigrants from European countries who can take a share in tackling pioneering prob- lems of any kind are as necessary to sound development as to national defence; and sane statesmanship welcomes and protects them. If Aus- tralia is to be permitted to maintain her White Australia policy, she needs every friend she can attach in other countries. Such incidents as those at Kalgoorlie, if not rightly under- stood, will do more to discredit that policy than a generation of political misrepresentation. Australia's posi- tion in the councils of the "nations' will become untenable if hot-heads are allowed to rage unchecked and law- abiding white citizens, whether they be native-born or not, are denied protection. The call for a sterner sense of civic and national responsibility upon the goldfields is a problem which should receive the closest attention. 