I 1 '/ - " "V Why Do We Say . . . . WE'D BETTER SKEDADDLE ? At the tune of the American Civil ;\Vur. o£ Inst century, a certain Now York paper report contained a curious word which,, attracted some atten tion, and since then has. come into common colloquial use "among English men. The article declured that the forces «of the South had been compelled to "skedaddle by the Federates nf the North. A Hiotirtnm'v miVillchnrl a -four years later contained this verb, and remarked that "a Northerner who re treats- 'retires upon his supports,' but a Southerner is said to 'skedaddle.' " Before long the verb was quite widely- used in the United States, and the subject of its origin was brought up in, an issue of the London "Times." It was said that the word "skedaddle" used for the irregular but rapid re treat of a demoralized army was employed in a wrong sense, and Lord Hill wrote to say that it was a good old Scotch 'word applied to the spilling of milk. "You blind buzzard, don't you see1' you are skedaddling all that milk?" was an example quoted, but it whs impossible to say definitely whether this was the root of the American word. Within a few years, other theories .cropped up. Webster wrote in 1864 ' that it was "said to be of Swedish and Danish origin, and to have been in common use for several years throughout the north-west in the vicinity of immigrants from those nations." 'Another dictionary suggested that the word ' from which the term was derived was the Greek "skedannumi" which sig nified to disperse in confusion,' to .retire tumultuously, and that it had been "set afloat by some professor.- at Harvard." Then again it was pointed out that an English provincial dialect had in- its vocabulary the verb "to sket- daddle," . meaning to dodder, walk quickly but unsteadily, made . up from sket, quickly, and daddle, to. walk irregularly. Webster s theory is out of the question, and there ,s no reason why the American word should .not have come either, from the Scotch or English dialect root or even from a coincident use of the two, Brewer says -that the term is "wropt in mystery," but surely this is not so when we have such feasible explanations as those- given above. "To skedaddle" is used . nowadays rather loosely, and with no thought to its sense of confusedbut rapid flight. "We'd better skedaddle" is merely a synonym for "let's, bunk," Or "do a guy," which are in even more common ' use. Anthony Trollops' employs it in this way in "Last Chronicles of Bar- set" (1867), but, being fairly modern, it finds little place in other English literature. .. , NEXT. WEEK: HE'S IN QUOD. . 