ANOTHER SINBAD! Sea Rover Settles Down. Ipswich Man's Adventures. An interesting newcomer to Ips witch is Captain Thomas Gllchrlst. Into the last fifteen years he has crowded enough adventures to last a lifetime. Golng to sea as an apprentice in 1919\. This first taste of adventure was when he was held up by bandits at a settlement in the River Plate (Ar gentine). Robbed, but unmolested, he later serenaded a dusky beauty, but his ardour was cooled by a shot from the irate parent splitting the middle finger of his right hand. A knife wound in Monte Video taught him the way of certain arguments, and, there after, he always carried a knitfe or gun when ashore in the less civilised parts of the world. Leaving at the age of 19 his ship in Sea Francisco, Captain Gilchrist tell foul of the United States immi gration authorities. He was thrown into geol for three months, after wards handcuffed to a Belgian crim inal, and taken aboard a Norweglan ship, the skipper having instructions to throw him off in Shanghai. On the beach in the Chinese port, he bluffed his way out of a difficult situation with a gang of bandits, slept on park benches beside Russian refugees, and of necessity acquired the art of eat ing his one meal per day with chop aticks. Later, he sailed again for the U.S.A., and was told on landing that he had 15 days in which to leave the country. Instead he hoboed 150 miles inland to work as a lumber-Jack; but the esea called again, and he returned to Seattle to sign on as one of the crew of i.a schooner on an expedition to the Arctic. A romance with an Indian maid of the Kuskorwim; return to Seattle to work as a dockhand; flight across the border to British Columbia; star vation in Vancouver; work as a salesman, and a mix-up with some gunmen! Such incidents crowded the next few months, when he sailed for Glasgow as a seaman on a British tramp. The following few years were com paratively quiet ones for Captain Gilchrlst-merely sailing and, studying for his master mariner's certificate, which he acquired at the age of 25. As a ship's officer then, he arrived in China during a rebellion In and about Nanking, and was left behind in com mand of an armed tug to assist in the defence of Hogee, a British settle ment in the Yangtse Klang. Came the booming of big guns from H.M.S. Hollyhock and Durban; a handshake, daily meeting, and sociable pot of beer wtll| the young Prince George, who was then a sub lieutenant on H.M.S. Hawkins: a scrlmmage with Chinese pirates and revolutionaries; back wounds, malaria, dysentery, and so back to England as a passenger. With such material It is not sur prising that on turning his hand to short-story writing he enjoyed a good measure of success, his yarns being published in England and America, and translated into the Danish and German. Wtllh a million sea-miles behind him Captain Gilchrist brought a coastal steamer to this country two months ago, as econd-lncommand, and now, in addition to filling Old Country writing contracts, he has started a small cafe and home-made cake shop in Ipswich. instead of giving commands from The bridge, he meekly takes orders from sisall Australians investing their pennies in sticky lollies--and likes it! 