OF INTEREST TO FARMERS The wholesale price of butter last veek in Perth was: Bulk, ll^d. net •ash with order; 1/05 booked. Pats l/lj cash .. with „ -order; , 1/11 , „ boked ' Cleanliness m Regard to Cream:—; Cleanliness m every branch of the, work is naturally of paramount im-' porttance if the best quality cream is to be produced. For th.s reason suppliers who are not m th<\- habit cf j washing their separators each time they are used, are strongly^ urged to S0, | Bacon and Pork Imports:—Mr. G. L. Sutton the Director of Agriculture,! has been responsible for the reassur-' ing information that the importa-' tions of bacon and pork have been reduced from 2,176,865 lbs. in 1931 to m 1,278,601 lbs. in 1932, or a decrease o of approximately 40 per cent., increased production having accounted. for this decrease. ( Je aie 1UL iiiauv luu„ at a clearing sale at Ashburton South Island, recently. A four-horse 1 team realised £207, and other prices for horses of various ages were:— Seven years £57- six years £53- fiv years £52-'six years, £45- eight years,' £39;'seven years, £32.' Agrostological Experiments:— In co-operation with the Council of Industries, and, in some instances, with Messrs. Cuming Smith-Mt. Lyell Farmers' Fertilisers Ltd., the Dairy Branch of the Department of Agnculture, states the Director, Mr. G. L Sutton, have carried out experiments at many different centres with thej object of increasing the carrying capacity of the land by improvement of the pastures and to control pests, etc. Wash Dairy Utensils Well:—Rinsing dairy appliances in warm water alone, is not conducive to satisfactory; results. After being well scrubbed j and rinsed, all dairy utensils should | be thoroughly scalded with boiling : water. This latter treatment will eh-| minate many troubles. It kills alle germ life present in or on the surface of these utensils as well as ensuring rapid drying, which will minimise the danger of further bacterial develop- j ment. ! Poor Cream:—The remark is some-' times heard from men who evidently'; c have not studied the question, that l the price of butter-fat at the present! A-Z time does J not « n 4> warrant nrawnnf any quit extra avfmi care] nor* j or treatment of the cream. With'm markets glutted and a poor demand.'p it is essentially the time for us to concentrate on sound quality, so that we have reasonable hopes of dispos-! ing of it at a reasonable price.l Otherwise if the quality IS to remain! indifferent, the possibility of selling is extremely limited, and then at a; price totally inadequate for the work ' 1 and toil connected with dairying. ( conds to wash his hands, and the udder, in the cas, of each, cow! id i f i sittinc" tWs S d SSn S at a sitting, this would mean a total loss of about four minutes, but the increased speed of milking would I&ster;^ States' authority 6 ' a^ every da^ryimin knows, thembre " Hwlv milkinff is done the activeiy «ne musing it> uune, more the activity of the milk-secret- 1 mor ^ ^ ^ J ^ l H x f ' c ,g milk of better quality. ; Worms in Horses:—It was sug-j gested by one of the District Veterinary Officers during the course of a recent lecture in New South Wales that much of the trouble as regards worms in horses could be avoided by looking well after the animals during _ the'lean time of the year when they are not fa work. If good feed was not available, and it was not possible to change the horses fairly frequently lo a fresh paddock (and this was impcrtant) bortant) then good care snouid should be ne taken that they receive some hand feeding. In addition it was well learn to recognise when horses wen getting "wormy," and see that thej were drenched before it was too late Cheese:-—The Director of Agriculture, Mr. G. L. Sutton, states that over 2,000,000 lbs. of cheese are im- . ted animaily into the state and £ th& thfJ / t st for £ utter been reache x d manufMturers are turni thoir attention to developing the prodlK. tSon of . cbeeECi • One t started during the past year at Se/ tine and 1?* ed nearlv 129,000 lfcs 1 Qn the locaf Market. The Plant Pathologist rendered assistance by preparing pure cultures of the cheese starter, the quality of which has given great satisfaction to the manufacturer. Unemployment:— Unemployment ay j, e sa id t„ be, not the cause of ur troubles, but the result of them While the position continues, where th e m0 re the farmer produces the greater his loss, it goes without sayd. Inasmuch as the price paid for - .i comes evident that the world price; cannot be raised. The only thing to- !s t o . reduce the cost of produc- I* 1 . 011 ' . and everything possible in the ' e! directlon of removing the existing i bamers must be done - i ! Our Exportable Wealth:—It is well i worth remembering that over 95 pei f cen t. of our exportable wealth comes jf rom the soil, and incidentally the ' man upon the land is possibly the ji as t person in the scheme of thing* jt 0 receive consideration from the powers that be. Right throughout' s tjj e South-West at the present mo-_( ment. primary production is not a o p aya i,i e proposition. Farmers j^ely talking of seeking some other c avocation in life. The possibility is. therefore, that since it would be a ooioTviitxr calamity for fnv tKo the w rest «f of tlio the '<%+«+•> State if this were to happen something will be done to prevent it happening. cheese:—It has often been saidi n( j e ed it has become quite a common saying—that cheese is indigestible, and should therefore be avoided jj y any0 ne subject to digestive troules. In view of the fact that lace . tories are gradually being opened up j n the South-West for the manul facture of c heese, it may be oppor- e tune to mention, that.it has been aZ t pointed out recently by medical ex«- G perts in the Old Country that when heese of choicest quality is matured f it is in actual fact more digestible: s than many other foods we eat, anclj is 1C often nffpn specifically cnp^lfinallv recommended TPPftT!IIYlPllHp^ ovj .. i edical authorities, not only for peoie in normal health, but for those suffering from dietic troubles. ^ , , . . „ Arguments For and Against Rye- G r b .ass:—Durmg the last season many dairymen who tried to establish rye ! & rass paddocks became convinced: that this particular grass has been: considerably over-boomed and over- b estimated. They have drifted away o to other grasses. A well-known | ^ B ! ^ , ? ^ ? ' ? , spe^ln Tict^a7 writef thTt what he saw tkere, he is somewhat' m do„bti*~ as to whether he was Quite ^ i n g rn opinlon u ^ ^ ^ ^ « ^ ^ ^n^hfEa^sTaies ftom S year^ 1 the eastern states iiom year to year evidence is accumulating that 'pe/ennial rye grass can be induced to row in country which, not so long ago, was considered quite unsuited to it. The evidence is not confined to one district or one type of soil. It Is j as definite on the clay areas of the; hinterland, as upon the sandjr loams of the coast, and grey and black soils jof other districts. In many cases the success attained with this fertility loving plant can be afttiouted to its association with subterranean clover, an undoubted soil improver, and since subterranean clover flourishes exceedingly throughout the South- West west it wouia would appear xnat that tne the con- ditions should in the long run be idea! for perennial rye grass in association. with what has been for some timer now the staple pasture of these parts In the Eastern Statees it has been found that the clover appears to take charge for a few years, and then perennial rye grass, originally sown in the mixture, becomes more and more conspicuous. Herd Testing:—^Under the Pure Breeds Herd Recording Scheme, 25 herds were tested and the total number of cows completing the test was 262. Of these cows 141 passed the standard. The Commonwealth Bank matfe available, from the Rural Credit Development Fund, the sum of £1,000 for the purpose of Grade Herd Testing and, in consequence, eight units were organised. These were allocated as shown hereunder-— Donnybrook . .. 517 cows Serpentine .. .. 470 „ Cookernup .. .. 425 Harvey 396 „ Brunswick .. .. 559 „ Dardanup .. .. 405 „ , Balingup 396 „ Gapel .. 520 „ It is believed as the result of these units that the production of the cows in the districts will be considerably .increased, is the opinion expressed by the Director of Agriculture (Mr. G. L. Sutton) during the course of his annual report. Improving Pasture:—That a cosmopolitan plant like subterranean clover does help in the ultimate eatablishpient on light country of __ the higher producing "species of grasses has become common observation. Thej „ w „„„ „ special ca Se of the clover mentioned.! steadily builds up the suppiy 0f; ; humuSj thus modifying the mechani-l ! condition of the soil ana enabling t to retai n moisture. An outstand-! ng example.is provided in the ex- j perience with philaris tuberosa . at the Waite Research Institute in Adelaide. Philaris does not usually prosper when sown with other grasses or a clover crop, but at Waite, with 1 its 22 inch rainfall, when sown with' subterranean clover, it develops a atisfactory sward. Another out-I standing example is the persistence! f cocksfoot on the Gippsland hills when it is associated with the same lover. Ryegrass sown alone on the, soils of the plains comparatively quickly runs out, whereas after a given period it Wnmoc becomes a nmmidnir promising feature, when sown with clover. The latter, 'too, because of its nitrogen fixing' attributes, helps perennial rye grass to keep comparatively green through cold, wet winters, -while without it the sward takes on a rustd appearance. r, . Fat „ , " Stock:—The c , rjri Council r- o, Smithfield fat stock show—the leading xhibition of its kind in the world— nnouncees T ^ there r Z has been malprac ice regarding the Galloway steer oldflake, which won the supreme r r * ield show, and the same owner's teer, Mike the Fifth, which won the unior steer championship. Both entries -H-ioc have llQTm been Tuvm disqualified. /licnnslifipfl Aftei Affpi the show both animals were -slaughtered, and a post-mortem examination showed that they had been doped with oil of turpentine. A memer of the council told the "Daily Express" (London) that no blame conld be attached to the owner gomeone had been trying his hand It was an amateurish job, or it had een done in a tremendous hurry. The il had been i n j ec ted with a needle q^j Your Cream:—The supplier ^ S t eans at his COmmand, but for precream * commana, uu « n ^ ^ n d - T e ^ L ^ ^ recom- ^ ^ ^ temp^Lrthus ^ P ^ t ^ r T r ^ tenai development, and thereby con- .-J^ralilw vnMn-nep the keenine- auaa s t S t Lo or t K time- ^ff ^ tend to minimise any ob^ j ec ti ona ble "feed" flavours present in tbe cream Unhealthy Competition:—It may not be generally known, but it is a fact • nevertheless that the quality of butter being produced in this State is once" more slipping back. For this retrograde step "those connected with the industry are holding the Depart-' ment responsible. We • have on in several occasions remarked upon the the in- In adequate policing which this industry receives, and it may be De as weii well to once more record our protest against a condition of affairs which is quite .. n -r i unnecessarily unhealthy. One of the 1 great troubles in connection with the industry is the excessive competi-; tion for cream. Instances have been : brought under our notice where cream ' has been graded as second class, taken ' away from the factory so grading and sent a number of miles further afield to another factory, with the result that it was classed as choice, j The dairy farmers knew that their blame C \hem for fome'what ideally ^ smiling and'saying that they are en- i itled to take everv advantage of the' conditions as they found them. As ! soon as a supplier has his cream | graded second class, he invariably rushes off to another factory, and in all probability is given a better grade than the cream is entitled to. This ! process has been going on for years in the ^South-West. \- n c ^ . Once ^ or twice j, the Department has temporarily liv- to easier stantly the ind Gradually has sirea, not 1). the' choice butters produced in the big factories of the Eastern States where the industry is considered as ; being something worth protecting j of tlio statements which are receiv- • ing currency are true that duty it-' not being done- j Tlu* Dairy Produce Bill:—In an ad-, dress whith Mr. Main, the Minister for Agriculture, submitted to tin. the proposals submitted by the Dairying Industry in Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria, are sound . in principle, it is found in a statement by the Minister for Oommcrcp to the "effect that he is now prepar- fixed on a compulsory basis. While favourable home markets slioulo thus be assured, primary producers must share the leaner export paritj prices, which cannot be controlled by Government or Boards. That policy, it is suggested, should maintain local prices at such a level as tc render unnecessary Government assistance, as in the case of Wheat, This is all we asked for, and obtained for the dairying industry—provision that everyone should take hisi fair share of this market, and the uncertain and less remunerative market overseas." Registration of Bulls:—Due to the beneficial influence of the "Dairy Cattle Improvement Act" the percentage of registered purebred bulls has risen from 23 per cent, in 1924 to 58 per cent, in 1932. Largely as the result of this improvement in the productivity factor of the bulls used there has been a continuous improvement in the average milk production of the cows in the State. This has risen from 217 gallons per annum in 1924 lu to. 342 gaimuo gallons m in mc the past year, an an increase of of 125 125 gallons, or or 57 57 per per cent., and this despite . . . the fact that the average in 1932 was for 100,219 cows as compared with 61,357 cows in 1924, states Mr. G. L. Sutton, the Director of Agriculturt. rfahhits n nn t] le wheat ne orazier on uie wueai ; beltestimat^that since 1932 he has i -u j ' r,„„„ . f fi Vi^ as ^uie^ aT^me ^ L Tftihis^estimate is correct +w fw qor> nnon n rabbits would have con- ^tL^ jin^^ fnnH fn k ^ 1800 s ? med eno T £ gh - ^ ^SSf slieep Qnn/i W0Uid' increase to "100,000. Tnnnnn These .imnip fa<»ts are mentioned to im- * " „ nnniT nu f armers in the South u +w t- a hhi>-T arP their deadi-o west tnat laDDits aie • • T4. - ^ j . h , ^ weu , , ™ ue<iuiy ™ ^ enemies.^ i It j is the duty of every man tn ^p^trnv the Dests on t f pvpi-p oonortunitv other t w i^ lit the slightest doubt c in rnurse of a verv few will comnletelv over-run d i j Dairy Factories:—Mr. G. L. button, the Director of Agricurnire states that in an endeavour to improve the quality of die butter the^ officers of the Dairy Branch have had to in-'p crease the supervision over a num-'a ber of factories. ( At the present time the following dairy factories are operating in the State:— 1 — Butter factories 16 ; Cream depots 4 ] Condensed milk factories 2 I Cheese ^neewj factory iv .. .. 1 x ' T -L«-o new and well-equipped butter factories were built during the.year: farmers are aware blout is caused by turning hungry cattle onio succulent, green feed, such as lueerne, etc.. particularly if the crop thod of treatment is to got rid of th:i1. gas. I have founa that in mild casts, keeping the mouth open with a gag or piece of wool helps the beast to get rid of most of it by belching, The internal administration of 1 oz. of bicarbonate of soda and 1 oz. of ginger is sometimes useful, and may be repeated in a few hours If lie- f cessary. Only in a very serious case t should puncture of the paunch have to be resorted to. j Grading: The rapid strides made m i n the improvement of butter making machinery, together with advanced e scientific methods, had enabled most modern factories to overcome faults, in manufacture which had been com- f mon, stated Mr. W- M. Downes a ^ South Australian dairy instructor in the course of an informatory address on this important subject. Unfortunately factory progress—great though it had been—does not overcome the grading problem, nor the t necessity to keep up the standard of quality by this means. In order that factories may successfully compete in interstate trading, —-<=» „—- and — be able — to produce an an article fit fit for for export, sup-, pliers as a whole ' may expect a g e n ral tightening up in grading me-; thods. It will be essential in thci butter factories' interests to carefully grade all cream received and there is; ii t tle doubt that • a fair percentage ofit r mediocre-m quality, previously paid J * for — as "choice," — will be " reduced """ either first or second grad e ' A in s cream u PP lier 18 of who m receives notice that his w cream is of inferior f « nor fe ^quality ^ se t feels up-_ > besides having to accept _ s a lower! rate for iui his uio produce. He may maj think j that he is being treated with undue! harshness by "J' the factory, -l^vjij:, but uuu there uiwc is! b^ suaIiy a ve i *y & ood reason for his la cream bem i wi,;1d nn,. S graded down. ie cmn^tiiMc While our sympathies extend to! , D "'""-'"e a ort to i m P rove the quality of his n rea m must not be assumed ' thatju the facto r y grader is at fault. Iniscriminate grading down of cream would - quickly result in a depleted' supply, which would not be in the j best interests of the factory concerned. In warm weather it will be I more difficult for some suppliers to! consistently receive tile top grade ] rice "for their cream, oinless they dopt the necessary measures to ensure that their produce is of sound quality, ^ Corriedale: •The Corriedale appears to be becoming increasingly popular in the South-West, and, it is contended, has supplied a long-felt want among graziers, who, whilst looking to their annual wool cheques ,^ principal source of incomc. ht \ 0 ^pplcmellt lllis rcV enuc he man who ig making. a genuine ef-jew oi' Australia. j The Advantage oi Sheep:—During; tin- course of his speeches in o.wmt-e- 1 tion with his candidature fur the vn-i his utterance was devoted to pro-1 I.loins affecting the man upon thc\ land. He stressed a, fact which hai= been frequently emphasised in these columns that the entire future of the Province is wrapped up in agricultural development. Incidentally Mr. Craig strongly advocated that every armer should devote a' certain porion of his energies to sheep. He pointed out that not only under existing circumstances was there more oney in sheep, but the devotion of a considerable part of the farmer's P er £ ies to sheep enabled him suffi- ^ent time to develop his property. J^y | ew , lf ® f the farms were ul l y developed Some, he remarked, one-third developed others twothirds developed. The development ^ other eases was not up to this standard. The work attached to dairying was so heavy and contimio«s, ana constituted such a binding le that it dia no„ allow time for a man to go on with the work of improving ms lana ana bringing more ' nL ° productivity. it on the fla \- . • n « switcned <,!,„„», ott , a - portion .„ , his activities into sheep he woulo e - V h e **i^E relaxation oi the strain woula oe ° ™ immediately lelt. Worms-in Sheep:—Much loss Is caused annually to the sheep industry by worms. Mr. R. N. Johnstone, Vicoria, Bachelor of Veterinary Science. recently gave some very useful^advice "" as to the best means of ~~ combatg this menace. He said that round * orms which invade the stomach oi sheep, are a source of great trouble to the farmer, and sometimes leaa to very serious loss. Where a severe outbreak occurs it is by no means uncommon uiuiuuu for half of the mc lambs wmua to «» die uic nd for the remainder to be so stunted in growth that their market value d in growth that their market ^lue is greatly reduced. Moreover, the es and <"iu oher ™a grown giumi sheep, may be ot altogether safe. The diseasa sually is encountered on heavy pasture, and low wet land is generally thought to favour it. Although there may be some support for this theory, there is no doubt that, at times, sheep in the dryest of pastures may suffer badly. As with all diseases, and particularly with those caused by parasites, heavy stocking is an important factor—indeed the condition cannot occur without a certain measure of overcrowding. In some parts farmers have given some attention to the improvement of their pastures by suitable manuring, only to find that along with the increased sheep-carrying capacity, intestinal parasites have become so numerous as to harm the lambs. While the pasture remained poor, the scattering of tlic sheep prevented heavy infestation. The Quality of Our Cream:—Discursing the effects that the extension ,'ould have :ream sup- Les Craig sf water butter-fat the effect of the supplied. There is no getting: a\v:iv JYom (hi* fact, he remarked. that the quality of much of the cream supplied in the South-West is:not up to standard bv any means. By havfrom the Pemberton area stresses the same point, and states that much of | (Coutmued on page 4) FARMING MOTF^ !{ j j (Continued) [ the cream supplied from that distr at the present moment is of a very low standard indeed. Dairying Statistics:—The Directoi of Agriculture (Mr. G. L. Sutton) states that during" the year the remarkable progress of the dairy industry has continued, as will be realised from the undermentioned figures :— ci o o im as r— O O eo LO <M -it h o oo in on oo t— >o t- co io OS H to co OS O S C35 M £2 C5 OJ r-> O C5 CO C5 ffl 2 § OJ H flO ^ I t-O H ffi lO CJ C- «5 OS j I K S! o - a - to £ S 3 3 e s fqSuUfe fc produce, particularly butter, continued [ I to fall during the year, the local price of butter-fat falling to 91d. per. Ib. This is the lowest'recorded since 1914.' " The export of butter increased from 1,397,448 lbs., in 1931/32 to 2,280,4481 lbs. in 1932/33. The whole of this butter was graded by officers of the dairy branch on behalf of the Commonweealtli Department of Commerce. The grading was as follows:— . . . % Choice .1 0.97 . _ First quality .. .. 64.08 ', Second qaulity .. .. 30.15 , "Pastry 4.79 .From the small percentage of "choice" quality it is obvious that there is considerable room for improvement. To achieve this it will be necessary for factories to give . stricter attention to grading, and to pay strictly according to grade, and thus -provide, the necessary incentive for farmers to produce cream of the best. quality. • Irrigation Has Come To Stay:—"1 am satisfied," remarked Mr. Craig during the course of his election ad dress when in Bunbui-y," "that irriga tion in the South-West has come xo stay. The part which irrigation plays may be said to be peculiar in some respects. It is a success to the individual, but not to the State. There fa no question as to the*" effect it has in developing a country. If anyone doubts this it is only necessary to go to Harvey. It is not necessary to have a personal knowledge of the effect of this development after • visit to that ceittre. Land under irrigation is worth £30 an acre, while land across- the road which has not the advantage of the water supply is available for £5 an acre. Confidence •in what irrigation will do is spreading. In the district that will be provided with water from the Collie scheme the farmers are commencing to realise that irrigation will do for them what nothing else will do as re- gard^ the dairying industry.' . Organised Marketing:—Organised marketing of primary produce is being much discussed throughout the South-West at the present time. The condition of the market generally is forcing the farmers to seek for intelligent reasons as to why certain conditions prevail. Organised marketing of all kinds of produce is gradually becoming recognised as essential to success. Free competition inevitably leads to instability, writes a correspondent in the course of a thoughtful letter on this subject. The primary producer labours under the disadvantage that he lacks the organisation enjoyed by those engaged in other industries. Much to-day is heard of the term "orderly marketing." The expression first came into use during the years when the American Farm Bureau Federation was being organised—1919-21. The term is not a simple mathematical formula for solving primary producer's marketing problems, but implies in a general way price . stabilisation through control of the flow. <ft the .product to market In the liberal sense it may be defined as the marketing of the commodity at the right time and place, in the right quality and quantity. Parliamentary Difficulties:—-A correspondent writing with reference to the effort which has been put in hand by Mr. Mann, of Busselton, with a view of securing concerted action-on the part of the members of Parliament representing the South-West concernmg^The "crisirihro^gh"whTch j the State is passing in regard to the price of butter-fat says that he understands that by the time this paperl has gone to press that the meeting •Will have been held, but while he , , J i _ most strongly commends Mr. Mann for the action which he set on foot he doubts if any good will come -of it. The South-Western representatives, he says, have never pulled together, and, in consequence, the district has had to face difficulties with which it, should never have been presented, ij understand, he says that 'if Mr* J^"" 1 !! views are carried into effect. that the Parhamentanans will next : seek contact with the manufacturers; 1 it is possible that if the movement gets that far that something will: then be done. I am not criticising Mr. Mann—as a matter of fact I am warmly in hope that something effec- tive uri]1 tive will result from his effort, but l the South-Western team of . politicians is not strong, neither is it a fighting force. " T y p s s of Wcrms: ict],. , Several! worms occur m the sheep's stomach, to one most frequently seen because of its greater size being the "twisted wire worm. (Haemonchus t contortus) writes Mr. R. N. Johnstone B.V.Sc. This worm measures from three-quarters to one and a quarter inches in length, ad is a littie thinner than an ordinary pm. In colour it is a little darker than the stomach wall, and is tinged with red— due to the blood which it has taken from the sheep. The female worm is the larger, and has a twisted bar- ; ber s pole appearance, owing to the fact that the red intestine is" twisted around other internal parts, which , are white. It is tapered at both endsj The male worm is smaller, and does I not present the twisted appearance, 1 but carries a broad membranous Portion at one end. If the fourth stomach of an affected sheep is opened soon after death these worms may ; be seen moving about in large numbers, and many will be found closely; attached to the walls of the stomach.; Injury to the sheep is caused by the: actual loss of the blood, by indiges-; tion resulting from the irritation of, the lining - of the stomach, and by the absorption of a poison which the worms secrete. | Immigration:—Mr. Leslie Craig indirectly referred to the Group Settle-} ments Scheme during the course of his nis addresses. aaaresses. tie He remaricea remarked that tnat in m his opinion there would have to be' a distinct alteration in the attitude would be. "We will welcome the peo-' pie that you are prepared to send over. To show that we are genuine in this statement we are prepared to supply the officers to supervise the! operations of these settlers. We will give the land on .which they are pre-; pared to settle. * But, when all is' said and done, you, the British Go-j vernment will have to be financially I responsible. You will have to carry] the baby, so to speak. The reason is that we cannot afford to do that.; After all we are only a comparatively | paltry 450,000 people—men, women, and children—and we cannot afford [ to hamper ourselves with millios of pounds of liability in connection with movement which never has, and possibly never will be, successful, in the history of the world." _ Tl . Sheep versus Cows:—It.seemsi to me, remarked Mr. Leslie Graig, durmg the course of one of his addresses: that we people of Australia have a > unique opportunity in regard to wool, j "Most countries.of the world can produce butterrfat. It is as easy as wmk-; rng tp so direct the energies of the; people that in the course of a shori time they are self supporting in this regard, and from then on they produce a surplus which can be sold ln other lands. But the same thing does r.ot apply to fine wool. We people of Australia have a unique mate in this regard. This is the only country mj the world that can produce fine wool. This was pointed out to me during j a trip to London when I attended an agricultural conference. I was thet told that Australia need, never be, afraid-of South Africa in the fine p wool trade. The climate of this country gave to us this advantage that nothing could take away. It seems: to me that it is possible for us to turn! this opportunity to its fullest advantage. We have a monopoly that nothing cotud take away, and we should: devote ourselves more than we arej doing to its full development.' I ' Sheep Breeding:—The principle that of liirjQ like begets like ifi™ ,-c is the ™„c+! most j generally accepted theory of breed- \ ing, states Mr. H. Kelly, of South' Australia. There are exceptions to this rule, but generally speaking it is a sound basis upon which to work, j If a breeder consistently culls in-! ferior animal? from his dams, ana| chooses for sires those showing prominently the characteristics he re- ; quires, he must substantially improve that their development appears ab- opment' ^ d^s nTclntLT The'mS" m , f; take is often made of buying at j shows, precocious youngsters, whose development is the result of extreme) forcing. If the beginner in sheep j breeding can attain a critical eye fori points of frame, constitution, and I style of carriage, and distinguish be-1 tween fat and flesh, he will soon j know how to choose a sire to improvel hi, flock ) Price the Great* Regulator : i-W<= cannot get away fromthe fact that ia ,., all forms IllI1Ilv „. of I1Iimiirv primary production prict is the great 4-*! r^dator ^"tes a' ^ thoughtful contributor. The law of sup° iy and demand never abdicates its throne. When saturation point is reached in consumer demand, whether it is butter-fat, potatoes, or any other commodity, a lower price will register that fact. The difficulties that confront every primary producer at the present time are ad-: mittedly great, always provided that: he has not seen the writing on the wall and cultivated a flock of sheep to stand him h . » Realties. Noj grower can blind himself to the fact by eol ^ l . ect » ve ' consistent, A f n . d effective organisation can he ob-J tne "est result ior nis iaDour. Bet^r .. methods j, of 1 production, ,. betterj . -,: n^poninrr f\T ivnAiic mnrA /iimnr on/i 1 grading of goods more direct andj economical marketing, better ma-' chinery of finance and credit^ better i publicity, oversight of distributive charges, study of competitors' methods, and study of markets, allj assist towards a solution, and this /ion can nnlT? only be ha aTTanriTrnlTr effectively <1 accomplished /I/IAIMnlichn/i )^ organisation of producers. Dairying Does Not Pay, Says Mr. Craig: Mr. Leslie Craig during the course of his address quoted a number of interesting statistics connected ( wjth the dairying industry, the upshot of which was to show that dairy- i j ng w jth the present price of butter- 1 f a t and with the quality of cattle obitaining in this State, at tbe moment.; does not pay. He argued that taking, the leading statistics as a guide, the ordinary farmer who collected hisi cattle in the usual way and brought them in for milking, milked the cattle J by hand, and and then turned them] out, afterwards separting the resul-j tant milk, earned as the price of his labour 8d. per hour. This made no provision whatever for the capital cost of his farm, or the cost of lay-j ing down and maintaining pastures,i neither did it provide in any way : for the cost of super. Therefore, he' argued, there vas little doubt that ! dairying does not pay, and equallyj ittle doubt that it would pay thej average farmer to devote more attention to sheep than had been his practice in the past. The Primary Producer's Handicap —Commenting upon the efforts which have been made by Mr_ j. Mann m.l.C. to co- ordinate the strength oi he Parliamentary representatives or the South-Western group a very! thoughtful South-Western dairy faimer chatting to a representative of this pauer sai dthat it was vitally in the inte r est of the South-West thai something should be done in the directi on indicated. In his opinion the j ot 0 f the primary producer could not on at at present. The price of butter-fat to-day was infinitely worse than the price of wheat It was oborganisatlon vj 0U s that indifferent was the sole cause of the position, Q ueens i and had got over the diflicult y , and why not Western Austrajj a _ j t seemed a pity that the Act | un( j er w hich Queensland was working ^Id not seem to be available. Our trouble in Western Australia war want Gf organisation, and apparently mutual distrust among the primary producers. It had been well said thai foe obvious handicaps under which the primary producer laboured, were that while other branches of industry had reached relatively high stages of organisation, and were therefore able to gain advantage over the farmer Jie suffered by reason of no fully or- !^anised effort " The Tendency of the Farmer:—li was an extraordinary thing, continued our informant, mlormant, that the farmer 01 oi growers were so loath' to accept organised methods of marketing? Careof land, who decides the nature "and kind of all the processes of cultivation must depend upon his own jucigment. He may. and often does, consuit with his fellow growers, but In- stinetively he acquires a habit of independent action, and of general self- : sufficiency. In short the bias of the grower's mind is individualistic. For these reasons the idea of combining with others in business transactions; and in some degree surrendering his independence is not congenial. Gooperation or. organised effort with others can only be advocated as business proposition on the ground that it will secuite by collective effort definite trading economic advantages. Agriculture Is A Business-.—One of the definite advantages which may resuit from the present crisis, continued our informant, is that it will possibly become recognised in the South-West that farm or orchard management has two distinct branches—practical farming and ;bus} ness organisation. .Agriculture is primarily a business. It has sometimes been described as an art, and a jscjeneej but though its pursuit involves technical skill it does not differ in that respect from many other in- | dustries . whether the grower wins from the soil only the means of sustenance for himself and his family, or an excess of products ior exchange or sai e , bis object is to make an.income | n kind or cash, which is the object of all who engage in business : With so m any units in p r o d u c ^ith such diversity of character and tfaought, the trouble arises in making owers appreciate the fact that they j j are virtually shareholders in a busi- ; ne ss with others, and that unless they combine, or organise, they become de-! finite competitors. Especially is this so ^ the case of the small grower whose stake in the particular cornmodity is small, , * Free Competition:—Free competition, he continued, leads inevitably > instability, because stability^ im- TM>ssihle possible without T>1»Ti planning, n i n cr and ulan- planning is impossible with such a Burn- ber of unknown factors as free comj petition involves.- To plan a marketjing programme demands rare skill, but where competition is free, it is impossible, for your plans are dependent upon the knowledge of the • supply and demand of your market both of which are beyond your control. £ dai# nff S u c tor duriL ^e this ^ important subject. These can be « "^"ii™" summarised as follows:- Stale Flavour.—This is one <bf the most common defects noticed in South Australia, and is chiefly responsible for the fact tht our butters have not enjoyed the best reputation! in Past seasons. It is due naturally to the fact that cream is kept far too L long on the farm before being delivered to the factory. Occasionally itj is bordering on rancidity by the time it reaches its destination. Whil transport difficulties and small supnlipr P^s of of cream crpam may maw be lie to blame hiomo f£ fnr!d r ^ proportion of this trouble, they are not responsible for all of it; quite j often it could have been avoided if] suppliers as a whole would realise I the necessity of forwarding their j cream in as fresh a condition as pos- j sible. This point will easily bear!m stressing, because by so doing the!c producer will greatly assist the factory in the production of a better article, as well as enhancing his prospects \- . , of receiving "choice" prices consistentl y- Feed Flowers or Fodder Taints.— U green fodders when fed to cows baye the effect of taintillg. milk to a j certain extent> while some are mild aiiu and not unpleasant uuuicaoaui. others uiucio are aic strong oiiLvutL _ f . _ * ^ _ _ • and objectf onable . l t is advisabfe. here possible, to avoid feeding cows on fod| of 5trongly tainting ten- ^ provi de d the milk supply is not ^^^J affected by so doiig. Nevertheles* this canno^ always be avoided partic^arIy as mucb of tbe Southr ___ • , _ . Eastern pastures contain a mg sprinkling of clovers. Under these circumstances „ u the - potency - of ^ these flavours may be reduced considerably judicious feeding, aeration and stirring. By turning cows into past u . res of thls ^P 6 immediately after niilking, removing them a few hours ,^01 *® the next milking and by cooli n *? and aerating cream as well as stirring it daily, a vast improvement " 1 flavour will be immediately no- !" ced - Absorbed Flavours.—It is surpris- 1 ing how quickly cream ^absorbs aha retains certain odours, especially when articles possessing pungent aromas are placed near if. Probably the best point to illustrate this ten- 'dency is the fact that timber used in butter boxes must be carefully selected and free from any resinuous smell cr timber taint. It is essential, therefore, that cream should be kept a reasonable distance away from anything likely to affect the flavour in this way. gour Or Over-Ripe.—-This flavour ; s due to the presence of too much lactic acid. Factors responsible for its occurrence are too low a test, warm conditions, and age. In the course of a litle time a stale and cheesy flavour usually develops. Fermented Flavour.—This may Se due to several causes, the chief of which are:—Cream kept too long; not in the best condition, particularly if it is low in butter-fat test; mixing together cream of different temperatures before the warmest has cooled sufficiently; using a separator twice a day and only washing it once, or, if washed on each occasion, the washing and scalding of the vrious parts is inefficiently done; keeping the afternoon's milk overnight and heating it up the following morning for the purpose of separating. Tallowy Flavour.—This is a chemical taint noticed most commonly during warm weather. Though not confined to creams of high test it however, more frequently found cream high in butter-fat content. It develops as a result of cream becoming exposed to heat, or being air dried on the surface, as a consequence of which the chemical nature of tiie butter- fat is permanently altered. It usually becomes more pronounced with age, and the process of pasteurisation, rather than producing an improvement tends to increase this defect. Metallic Flavour.—This is anothei chemical flavour usually, though not always, associated with low testing, cream. It is produced as a result of the lactic acid contained in the cream coming into contact with certain m«r s | tels . It will rarely occur if thei whirh is another flavour that cannot be removed by pasteurisation. While the various taints in cream have been described singly, it is quite, possible for cream to possess a com- bination of two or more flavours, such as stale and tallowy, or sour and fermented, the nature and extent- at which will naturally depend upon the conditions under which it was produced the treatment it receives on the farm, and the method of delivery. Australian Conditions:— Again there has b.een no change "in any of the metropolitan butter markets, and this is only to be expected in view, firstly, of the interval occupied by the holidays and secondly by the fact that the price of salted "Kangaroo" in London has continued unaltered, states a leading Sydney authority. New South Wales Conditions:—In this State while production in some of the inland centres is showing a seasonal decline, along the coastal strip it continues to mount and as a- resull arrivals again this week are much heavier than they were during the corresponding ^period of last year. It is expected that peak production will be reached in New South Wales, during the currency of the present month, but even if the collective outpur be maintained at the present level the total arrivals for the month should be much ahead of what tliey were during last January. The local market is suffering from "the morning after the night before" effect's, . . and the , - post-holiday ,. feeling is a t i o n . s i ackm S in ^e demand f ° r < ? au 7 Produce generaUy. Grocers l? re ^ stocking up to cover their ? 1,ime ( dl ] ate , requirements and business 18 not ^f 17 ^f 1 1 to no , rmal n e * 4 In Sydney and the subbs there HF are a large number of fam- ; llles fY- ay h ouday-making and their cumulative absence is " Reflected in the lessened demand made on the grocers' stocks of butter and the latter consequently are buying less. , Queensland j j a- Conditions:—In - - - Queens- 1\. - - - —j romping "head, but it will be some weeks yet before the peak is reached. Heavy rains in the North and South Coast districts with good rains in other daijying centres, coupled with mild temperatures, have set the stage for i, record , . season. Evidence , of , . this is and sh which grow weekly. l P ments Victorian Conditions:—In Victorian while the weather was warm and hu- 40 of Detember the arrivals at Melf l^ ™ previous ^ week, but. that figure ^ compares favourably with the corresponding week of the previous year, when the decline registered was 80 tons. No change took place in the local price, but a little f.o.b. business was done on the oard's minimum of a^ewt' „ _ ^ „ S T «" th , Australian Conditions:—In i South Australia, production is declrn- 1 D K rapidly, and the export consists ? f . ^rades c^° lc 1 est ', , latter e^S required to mi local trade rek™ents. In Western Australia, despite-cool ef-pite- cool weather weather with light rains in ™ the ^e extreme extreme South-West, Sou production continues to " fall " " *>ff. London Market:—The London butter market shows no change on last week's ruling rate of 67/ for salted "Kangaroo." Arrivals during Christas: week were the heaviest on reord this season and amounted to 12„ 107 tons, of this amount Australia was responsible for 4,027 tons, New Zealand for 4,725 and Denmark for 1,950. Stocks on December 23 held in cool room in the United Kingdom amounted to a total of 10,000 tons, made up of 312,000 boxes and 47,000 casks. Butter afloat on Saturday, December 20, amounted to 1,295,431 ; boxes, made up of 526,519 from Australia, 738,132 from New Zealand j and 3C,730 from Argentine. A weekj previous the total was 1,088,589 boxes and foi the same week of 1932 1,164,- 358 boxes. London Conditions:—The Dairy i Produce Export Board on Friday received a cablegram from its London! representative stating that the London butter market is dull. Sales of Australian butter in the United Kingdom during the week ended January 2, were 96,000 boxes at an average price of 67/9 per cwt. for salted "Kangaioo" brand and 70/ for unsalted. On January 4 Danish butter was, quoted at 91/ per cwt., New Zealandi at 66/ to 67/, salted Kangaroo at 66/, first grade at 65/, and unsalted Kangaroo at 68/ to 70/. Retail prices were:—Danish, 1/, and Empire butter, 8d. to lOd. per lb. Unsold stocks of Australian consignments are 188,000 boxes, and the quantity of Australian butter in Hay's Wharf stores is 113,000 boxes. New Zealand butter stocks are 119,000 boxes. The cheese market is steady. New Zealand white is quoted at 48/ to 48/6 per cwt., coloured at 44/ to 44/6; Australian white, at 46/ to 47/, and colcured at 42/ to 44/. Priee a year ago. 99/ a cwt. Australian Exports:—Export of Australian butter to the United King- darn during the week ended, Decernber, 30, 1933, represented 67,869 ( boxes. Victoria and Tasmania sentlC 17,421 boxes, New — n South Wales i12,995 o q o c boxes, Queensland 35,735 boxes, South Australia 1207 boxes and West Australia 470 boxes. Cheese shipments were 713 crates from Victoria and 8-50 crates froip South Australia. In the same period 123,170 boxes of salted and 14,389 boxes of unsalted butter were graded for export. Telegraphic advice received by the board states that in Queensland light to heavy rains have fallen in all districts, and the production is increas-j ing more steadily. Larger quantities are- manufactured in New South Wales, but in South Australia, owing to warm weather, supplies are diminishing. Choicest butter is very scarce. In West Australia output is falling, and in Tasmania, hot, dry weather and a caterpillar plague are causing a rapid reduction in supplies New South Wales Prices:—Price 114/10 a cwt. Price a year ago, 132/ a cwt. Victorian Conditions:—Quotations in Melbourne have been reduced by 4/8 per cwt,,. following a further fall in London prices. The local market is very depressed, and most buyers opeiate cautiously. On Monday Australian butter was quotea at 64/ a cwt in London. In Melbourne yesterday choicest quality was quoted at 93/4 a cwt., and other-grades at concessions. Queensland Prices:—Price, 126/ a cwt. Tasmanian Prices:—Price, cwt. o„ llt i, Anctralian 98/ i ! -^^ductfon "lain showed T^H? 5 ^er Seconal define 2 w h thei freight is arranged. All the choicest lines being now manufactured in this State are required for local trade Prire, 119/ a cwt. 