OFF THE RED « DANISH CRUS0ES PRIMITIVE LIFE SIBERIAN PRISON (By Tid' apa) AUSTRALIAN dairy farmers now have to meet on the British market the competi tion of butter from Southern Siberia. So far Mongolian better has not come on the London market, though at one time it seemed that it might. Before the Russian Revolution sev eral thousands of Danish farmers were established in Southern Siberia It was thev who led the way in the development of dairy farming there. After the Revolution the Bolshe viks "liquidated" the farms and most of the Danes were ruined. In 1923 a proposal was set on foot for transferring these Danish farm ers to Northern Mongolia. TENTS IN MONGOLIA There, at no great distance from the Siberian districts where they had formerly farmed they might, it was thought, take up their occupation again. A little group of Danes went out to form a co-operative settle ment in the valley of the Selenga River and to prepare the way for a Danish colony. It is to one of these Danes that we owe the finest book of its kind published for many years. "Tents in Mongolia," by Hemming Haslund (London, Kegan Paul, Trench, Trub- ner'and Co., Ltd.). The sub-title sum; it up: "Adventures and Experiences amongst the Nomads of Central There is all the fascination of Rob inson Crusoe about the story of the struggles of half a dozen Danes, with the help of Mongols, a Chinese or two and exiled Siberian Russians, to build up a new community. In a valley amongst the forest-clad hills 370 miles from Urga and near the Siberian border they built their homes. They cleared and ploughed the land, they bought and bred sheep. _ _ iii J Mmit (T>aitr note £177/4 cuiue ana uuioca wioj 18?.uw wheat, they trapped wild animals or laid strychnine baits for them and they traded In furs with the Mon gol," Soyote and Buriat hunters of the wilderness. ENCOUNTERED WOLVES With the same simplicity and di rectness the author tells of strange adventures with men and beasts While fur-trading in the Kiakt re gion, near the border, he decided to go to Tunka in Siberia trusting to his Danish passport. To avoid awk ward. questions he left his rifle be- hind- i , . . In a narrow mountain pass he and his Mongol companion met six huge wolves. They contrived to light a fire and drove the wolves off with torches of flaming birch bark. Next day Haslund and his follower were arrested by six Buriat soldiers and thrown into the prison at Shini- kish. MULTIPLE MURDERER There he met some interesting char acters, including a Siberian-born Rus sian who confessed to 15 murders. At the moment he was in gaol for a triple murder, that of a peasant with whom he had quarrelled over a rifle, the peasant's son and the son's wife. For this little affair he expected to get off with two years in prison. On the whole this gentleman ap proved of the Soviet regime. When the Bolsheviks took control of Omsk he had been confined in the local gaol, but they had let him out. Just before he heard all this Haslund had let the Russian shave him. The multiple murderer made a good job of it. Another Russian had been In prison 11 months without trial on a charge of smuggling cattle into Mongolia from Siberia. He had none of the murderer's hopes of a short sentence. From prison Haslund was later taken to the .barracks and finally released. Of the Soviet soldiers whom he saw in this corner of Siberia he says: "They were peasants from distant parts of Siberia, young and powerful men of first-class military bearing. They were well uniformed, well arm ed and magnificently mounted. The discipline was strict and fear of the comrade officers great." CAMELS IN THE SNOW On his way back from Siberia, Haslund spent some time amongst the primitive Soyotes. Here he saw a sick man cured by the "black magic" of the Shamans. The Sha man was a young woman. Northern Mongolia is a wooded and well-watered region, very different from the arid wastes of the Gobi de sert farther to the south. The winter is severe and on one trip to Urga Haslund and a Mongol companion were snowed up for three days In their tent on the Jirem plateau. This was on a treeless steppe. They burned up all the woodwork of the waggon that they could remove without making it fall to pieces, and whittled away the tentpoles to keep the fire alive. To those who think of the camel as an animal of the deserts only, It comes as a shock when he states that at the end of the storm they found a large camel caravan 500 yards away. The camels had lain during the storm closely packed to gether and almost buried in the snow. After all these and many other adventures and hardships the ven ture failed. Mongolia fell under So viet influence. "Red" Burlats poured into the country and gained control of the Government. PROPERTY CONFISCATED The idea of a Danish colony faded, The authorities regarded such im migration with suspicion and were unwilling to see a number of Danes settled together. Many of the Danes' friends amongst the Mongols were arrested or executed. Foreign property was confiscated. So the little settlement at Bulgun Tal ceased to exist. One colonist went farming in Canada, and an other built harbors in Portugal, a third bought a farm In Denmark, and a fourth became a merchant in Copenhagein. ' . Only Carl Krebs stayed at Bulgun Tal. Haslund went to Kalgan and later served with Sven Hedin's ex ploring expedition in Central Asia. As he says:— "And in Kalgan the caravans have continued to come and go. When the way was closed to Kalka they took other ways. At night I heard the caravan bells. . . . Their en chanting sound called forth memor ies and lured me on ' to new adven tures." 