AUSTRALIAN EXPORTS MR. BRUCE STATES POSITION BRISBANE, April 27. Mr. S. M. Bruce this morning met members of the Cabinet, and Mr. Mullan statrd later that, in the course of dis cussion, Mr. Bruce showed the Cabinet some interesting and informative state ments in regard to recent loan conver sions overseas. Mr. Bruce also dealt fully with the position obtaininjr in respect to various marketing problems as effecting Austra lian products in Britain. Mr. Bruce submitted to Cabinet much userul information which would assur edly be of assistance in the solution of those problems in the future. After a very busy day, during which be delivered 'addresses to the State Cabinet and a meeting of producers, Mr. Bruce said, in an informal talk, that there was nothing to add to what had already been said on marketing problems. When asked to give an opinion on the impression his suggestions had created both here and in the other States, Mr. Bruce laughingly declined, lie said he had stated the case as he saw it. They were intelligent people. It was not for him to say what im pression he had created. Mr. Brucc's conference with the Cabinet and the producers were not open to the press, but it was learnt later that the High Commissioner had reiterated his previous statements. He said that Australians should realise there was a limit to the quantity of primary products Australia could sell to me world. His duty was to outline the position, and to suggest a policy of marking time till the condition of over seas markets improved. He emphasised that he was not an advocate of restriction. He said that tlie picture of the future was not such a gloomy one if the producers agreed not to extend production, but to come to some agreement with Britain not to send more than they had been send ing. He assured the meeting that there was no danger in the event of Australia agreeing to a restricted out put of any foreign country benefiting to the proportionate degree on the British markets. A grave problem for thq next few months was for Australian ex porters to agree on what should be a fair and equitable export quantity. LORD BEAVERBROOK'S APPEAL. LONDON, April 27. In an editorial on Empire marketing 'The Morning Post' says: 'Firstly, a decision by the British Government is needed on the extent to which it in tends to carry the development of home production. It might then be possible to determine the approximate price of the import market and give the Do minions an opportunity of regulating their production for export. Simul taneously British commitments to foreign countries might be examined. It seems that the Dominions' main recourse must lie in an increase of their own markets by immigration. The only effective solution of the Empire's agri cultural problem is expanding popula tion.' The 'Trade Supplement' of 'The Times' states that Mr. S. M. Bruco's speeches raise important issues for Britain. Australia is doubtful whether there has been sufficient experience of the Ottawa agreements to ensure fruit ful discussion on them before 1930, but the anxiety of the Dominions was the result of the British policy of encourag ing home agriculture. It also emphasises the need for a closer economic liason during the inter vals between Imperial conferences, also some method of ensuring friendly con sultation on vital points as they arise. The sooner such machinery is consti tuted the better. * In the meantime the celebration in 1935 of the 26th anniversary of the King's accession to the thror.e will bring distinguished Dominion leaders to Lon don and afford an opportunity of infor mal discussion on pressing problems. LONDON, April 28. Lord Beaverbrook, leader of the Em pire free trade movement in Britain, though he demands protection for the British farmer, does not believe in re stricting the importation of Dominion produce to Britain while a large part of the market is absorbed by foreign commodities. In a message to Austra lians to-day he said: 'The free trade issue now turns on the determination of Australia to stand for Empire policy. Here we are being betrayed by some of the leaders of the Conservative Party, but we will destroy our traitors and also the Liberal and Labour enemies within our gates provided Australia stands firm. We have pood reason to fear international financiers with in vestments in the Argentine, but stand ing together the Empire has success fully resisted the knavish tricks of foreigners in the past and can do so again.' RESENTMETN AGAINST BRITAIN. LONDON, April 30. 'The Morning Post' states: 'The Australian High Commissioner (Mr. Bruce) apparent* y has not met with much success in endeavouring to familiarise the Australian Govern ment and the farmer with the idea of regulating the exports of meat . and butter to Britain. 'Mr. Lyons's proposal to seek other outlets is not promising, in asmuch at nearly every country is restricting the importation of food products. Nevertheless, it is symp tomatic. 'It is disquieting to learn from Syd ney that resentment has been aroused against Britain, including the charge of dodging her Ottawa commitments. Such a charge overlooks the fact that the possible restriction does not arise be fore the expiry of the Ottawa time limit. 'Discussion on a regular basis should replace speeches across the hemispheres. In the meantime is it impossible for Australia to pay more attention to British markets for out of season fruit, vegetables and other produce which, owing to climatic reasons, will not com pete with domestic agriculture?' 'STRONG OPPOSITION.' SYDNEY, April 30. 'The Commonwealth Government is, and has always been, strongly opposed to the policy of restriction of produc tion and exports, and in the interests of the Australian primary producers the Government will not institute the re gulation of the export of butter and meat unless and until it is absolutely necessary,' said the Prime Minister (Mr. LyoriB) in a speech at Hurstville to night. lhe Government, however, he con tinued, saw the virtue of preparing for a necessity which might arise because of the policies of other countries, in cluding the United Kingdom. The Gov ernment was therefore considering the aspects of the whole problem. 'I have a feeling, Mr. Lyons said, concluding his address, 'that there is a crisis ahead of us. A decision will have to be made by the people of Aus tralia, whether they are satisfied with the methods that have been followed. It may ba harder to make a decision be cause things ate now better.' DR. PAGE PLEASED. GRAFTON, May 1. Interviewed to-day regarding the Prime Minister's speech last night, the leader of the Country Party (Dr. Earlc Page) said he was pleased to see a definite statement by the Commonwealth Government of its opposition to the re striction of production and exports of Australia's primary industries and that the Government was taking steps for the purpose of organising Australian primary industries to meet the position. Dr. Page said that the organisation would have to be extended beyond the respective Ministers to the Governments themselves if there were any suggestion of percentage restrictions or quotas of Australian exports. He regretted that the Commonwealth Government was not taking a definite attitude such as the New Zealand Government was taking In ascertaining the exact nature of the trade concessions. Britain would need to ensure that if restriction's were im posed in the interests of the British farmers they would be on foreign and not on Dominion products. The Danish Treaty had only six months1 more currency than the Ottawa Agreement regarding dairy products and now was the time to make Australia's reciprocal position absolutely plain. 