DKTRJCT NEWS. ?? .-. ;| __ — «. — i — ? i (Froiu Our. Correspondent), I NETHERDALE. The vagaries of the weather of lute have been abnormal— scorching days with dust-storms— somewhat unusual in this latitude; accompanied with cool nights sufficient to need the warmth of a blanket at times, luis ruled for a month past; with a maximum ther mometer of 10a Fall, in the shade and down to the middle go's at daybrenk. A peculiarity of the spring lias been the exceptional number of days with a ...»..» A..1.. *..!.-*#1 l\1r\,trlr\rr. tnrrnllint* wll.li recurring' showers at short inlervnls, 'but no flooding. Stock ;aro in great condition, with sufficient feed and water to last well into the rainy season. A few of our cahegrowers, are sadly realising the penalty for overproduc tion, by vn miserable price for export sugar, and a; compulsory effort to leave a proportion of cane stand over until next year v(\ However any grower can possibly^, make... cane, production pay by prodUcing^aiiy, sugar for the export or No. 2 pool; ; with increased working costs and'debreasing returns, is totally beyond my comprehension, and to me — as- well as to many otlujrs — seems utter.^ madness upon the part of the farmer. .However; as the Latin pro verb has -it: 'Experentia docct,' or, as the, schoolboy, puts it, 'Experience does it;!' I 'am expecting that In a very few years hence, ..'the farmer will have learnt his lesson through the said pro verl}.' ?-' ' ' '. : Jus.!;, now,, through the Ideal spring we,havc,H'ad,,tlio district looks its best, arid is a' picture to contemplate; the arboreal beauty of mountain slopes and valley, flats, interspersed with the brighter hues of the caneflelds, will charm; the heart and eye of the Christ mas visitor. ' . . ? ? ? The enquiry 'by Cattle Creek mill for sleeper, blocks, wherewith to renew their far-flung tramlines,, is . expected to result in a much to be : desired profitable— :to the community at large — employment here to some extent. Speaking of timber, this last week I noted some five or six trucks of log cedar and' beech lying in the railway yards. here, awaiting transport South Plans are matured for a continuation of the present activity in the timber trade from the Eungella Rnnge country during the coming year. Also, I have It on first-class authority that the scheme to connect the forthcoming extension iof a main road to Mount Dalrymple;. lying . N.N.E. from this township, and incidentally being the second highest mountain in Queens land with a surveyed height of 4250ft. Prom Mt; Dalrymple the new highway Is ; projected' to connect with the' new through I Silent Grove, giving a treble access to. rail per Notherdale and per Kungiirrl (DoW's Creek) .via Mlrani. These proposed works, magnificent in conception; and fruitful in immense possibilities-! of development and settle ment,- will open up approximately 4500 square 'jniles of 'some of the richest soil; exceptionally well watered, and shelterta, with a ' high tropica' rainfall of, 80 to 100 inches per annum, and free' fr6fri frost in the sheltered valleys and'~scrub country, as is to be found, in' the; 'Commonwealth, or for that matter, in 'very few countries of the world. ? -Besides great; agricultural timbpr! aiid mineral possibilities, scenic grandeur reigns supreme, and to gethcr'with. the adjacent islands of the Barrier Reef now being awakened from their primeval lethargy ' by Southern and overseas toiu'ists, big-fish anglers, and seekers of the beautiful of a calm and restful nature, where the 'Dolce far niente.' can be enjoyed to the full is assuredly bound to attract further crowds of tourists and seekers of the benutiful by .land or sea. The recent statement of thn Com monwealth's Chief Insnector of Dairy ing, that 'The best dairying lands of Australia: lie In the coastal belt North .01 Gladstone,' .fully boars out the de scription . herewith tendered. With Danish .butter realising almost, double -the price of the Australian article in Britain, owing principnlly to th« latter only grading ..some 30 per cent of 'choicest,' there is ample scope for Australian, extension of the product at a competitive :price,. especially when the European farmer has to stable and hand-feed his' stock- fully 9 months out of eVery '12. : Reduced freights and quicker .'transit' hi the near future are also' assured -to our dairymen. ?'??? The installation also of the^ . bacon factory, with a'. probable extension to chilled 'ndrk also veal, for Southern and overseas markets,' presages immense developments' In the dairying indus^ try, with our climate and soils emin ently suitable for. growing artificial grass'es,.ropt crops, maize, cereals and fruits, all suitable for piggy, who is es sentially a -grazing and vegatarian animal; nothing -much coming amis to piggy. -.'iJust as the 'hog,' familarily called in America, was the foundation of the United States and Canada's pro duction and export prosperity as well as providing the teeming immigrant millions '.thereof with home consump tion products, at a low cost of Hying, enabled that country to become the largest, most prosperous and richest manufacturing community the world has ever seen; so is this Mackay dis trict with all the natural essentials necessary to. emulate — In a much smaller degree: 'Uncle Sam's' pros perity of a decade ago. All that is lacking to-day is— access, tlic stud animals, and- the Intelligent efforts of man; and In. the case of dairying and animal production, the assistance of womenkind, a most necessary essential to success thereof. The present markets — with certain early future extensions — now existing at Bowen, Rockhampton, not to men/ tion the two large works at Townsvllle; as well as the large establishment at Gladstone, the nearest only 120 miles, away and the furtherest 300 miles, all connected ? by our main North ( and South Railway as well as with excel lent harbors to each; wherewith the largest worlds' meat liners berth and load In perfect, safety; offer to stock raisers of ' our , district, facilities to reach the world's markets, equalled by very few- and excelled by no other countries of the world; tnese excep tional advantages, assuredly will, in fact, of necessity must, result in a large extension of baby beef chilled cattle rearing -throughout this district. And with the cutting up Into grazing farms, dairy farms, fruit and vegetable farms, and the consequent, Intense working and production of the large cattle stations of our hinterland; coupled with a network of main roads, West, North and South, suitable for the im proved' type of motor stock transport —now in operation in the America's as well as In Western Queensland, N.S. Wales, and Victoria, oner sucn im mense possibilities for settlement and Irade £$ will piitthe best years of our sugar production into the deep shade, with the probability, 'sugnropolis' hpcrMjifiiK ;itno\vn ns 'mpatonolls.' ? . ? .Wlth'Hiie compliments of the season to the 'Mercury,' its proprietors' and all the staff, not excepting. ypur','printer'k' devil.' ; .?.,--; ??. ?L.;.;--;'y! ? :. ?? ??'????' Netherdale, Dec. 28.'.'1; -, ;.?'? - | ; 