DAIRYING IN DENMARK AND ENGLAND Extracts of a letter received by the Derrinallum representative of the "Chronicle" ix ,ni Mr. Gethin Fenton, of Derrinallum, who is at present in England in connection with furthering his studies in con nection -with the dairying industry, are as follows: As you will note I am hack in England once more. While in Denmark I had complete charge of the herd of cows owned hy F- Eriksen and on the 2Sth Decem ber, 1933, with the 8 year old Dan ish Red Maelk cow, Koiese, I put up one of the highest yields, just over -100 lbs. of milk per day. It may be interesting to know that ?very ten days this cow yielded her own weight in milk. This cow was managed en the latest scientific methods. Her feeding consisted of concentrates and 6 lbs. of lucerne hay a day. A week after I put up tais record, I re ceived the offer from Hatherdon Manor, Hants., England to com? over here and take complete charge of ihe pedigree Guernsey Jierd consisting of 120 head of beautifully bred cattle-, also the management of the pigs, which consist of an average of 1000 head. This position I have.accepted, and take over the position on tfie 15th January, 1934, and hope to show similar results to those I have at-, tamed in the past. I know, you will agree with me that it. is a big ad vancement. Coming to England ii* 1930, knowing absolutely no one, 1 obtained a position 'in Somerset. There 1 had successes in the show ring, both with cattle and pigs. Leav ing there I went on to, the leading Jersey production herd in England. I had charge of this herd, from there to another Jersey herd, where we not only won Inspection prizes, but also, Production awards at the iron don Dairy Show. Since then I have spent ten months in Denmark dur ing which time I travelled most of the country, making a, detailed study of dairying and bacon production methods. I have come to the conclu sion that not only we in Australia, but bacon producers in England, know very little about the economic side of the question. While on-the Danish question I think it is only fair that 1 should say that during the ten months I was there and on the hundreds of farms I visited, 1 did not see one place that gave the impression of being dirty. Even in the largest caw house in Europe, housing 356 cows, this is not evi dent One can walk through any cow house in slippers. At the Havn bjerg Factory for the month of De cember, every supplier delivered a first class milk, strictly graded. There is. no border line in Denmark as in many of our Australian factor ies. The fear of losing a supplier does not exist in Danish calculations. The Dane is bom to agriculture and if Australia could only open her gates to the people of Denmark, Swe den and Germany, we would hear a different tide to that told by the immigrants drawn from English in dustrial cities. I may state that it is necessary for anyone visiting Denmark desir ing to remain over three months, to obtain a, special permit. Mr. Fenton had obtained a permit to remain for a much longer period,' but owing to opportunities afforded him in Eng land he left Denmark sonic jiioiiilii sooner^than he at lirsi i:!i...::i'il. ■.-.■■■ February has passed without a full moon—the firsu time for 19 years, and the second time in 57 years that £h*re lias been aay month in which there was no full moon. 