Dutch and Danes Help Refugees Train for Manual Occupations CORRESPONDENT OF MANCHESTER GUARDIAN GRANT BY NETHERLANDS GOVERNMENT OF AND LAND NEAR GREAT DIKE TELLS OF HAMLET (J.T.A. Special Correspondence) LONDON, September 11. The aid the Dutch and Danish Govern ments are extending to German-Jewish re fugees in the respective countries is de scribed by a correspondent in the Man chester Guardian. “The Dutch Government has from the beginning,” writes the correspondent, “shown practical sympathy with the effort of the Jewish bodies to retrain those who were engaged in the liberal professions or in commerce or were students in Germany for a simpler manual occupation. “The young men and women, who are eager to go to Palestine, are turning to that simpler life with an infectious enthu siasm. And the Jewish pioneer movement the Haluz, has developed its activities an extraordinary measure in Germany and the countries around Germany. It has enrolled over 15,000 young people who are eager for the chance of fitting themselves for life on the land or in the workship. '“The help 'of . the Dutch! government took the form of the grant for ten years free of rent of a hamlet and seventy-five hectares of land in the reclaimed area of the Zuider Zee. “The land is in the Wderingen Polder, which. has been recovered from the sea that surrounded the island that was the first home of the exiled Crown Prince of Germany; it is near the Great Dike, which now links the western and eastern shores and has turned a vast inland sea into a shrinking lake. Name is Apt One “The hamlet, which contains Dutch farm buildings and a few. small houses, is well termed Werkdorp, or Wirk-Village. It offers to-day a busy scene. “It is the.home of over a hundred young refugees' who are preparing the land and the buildings to accommodate altogether 250\. They are to have a thorough train ing, and not a smattering. The course will extend over three years, and each of the male students will choose one of five de partments—agriculture, horticulture, car pentry, metalwork, or building. “The women students are to have a more general and varied, instruction in the’ things useful in a peasant home. “About half of the land is planted with vegetables which, together with" the village dairy, supply a large part of the needs of the community. The students of carpen try and building are already at work mak ing the bungalows for the larger number. “They have designed the village in a semicircle of bungalows around a commun al hall. The agricultural instructors are Dutchmen from the locality, the technical instructors are refugees from Germany. Prepare for Life. “Besides the manual work the students (of whom some contemplate settlement in Palestine, some in South Africa, some in South America) are preparing themselves for life in a new land by the study of lan guages, and their teachers of Hebrew, Epanish and English are respectively a Pal estinian, a Dutch Jew from the old Seph ardic family and a refugee. “All, indeed, receive Hebrew instruction and study Jewish literature and history; for a revival of the Jewish consciousness is part of the transformation. They lead a simple life, but music has a part in the communal activity, and they have their communal newspaper. “They share the sports ground of the neighboring Dutch village, and have the best relations with their neighbours. “Another and very difficult enterprise n{ training in Holland is afforded by an in ternational school which the Quakers have started in the little town of Oinmen, close to the German frontier. “The school is dn the eighteenth-century castle of a Dutch nobleman and was used formerly as the centre of the movement ci Krishnamurti. The biennial camp of the Star of the East, attended by many Eng ' lish visitors, was held in its beautiful park. The palatial rooms of the' castle are to be used as the hall and'the teaching- iooms; the students will live in the more modern buildings of the converted stables. . School1 International “The school is designed to be interac tional;- and, while its head is a German woman teacher who, having held a. high post- in the German Administration, was dismissed for her liberal, opinions, one of the teachers is Dutch* another English. The pupils will, be mainly from Germany, non-Aryans denied the chance of educa tion in their' own country; but there will be immediately a small Dutch element, and it is the hope of the founders of the school: that it will become in a large sense, ,, international. “When we visited it in the summer the castle was full, with . 120 children who had come, there from Germany for a holiday course, happy to breathe for all too short a time the free atmosphere. “The re-training work in Denmark is organised differently to that in Holland. There is no refugee village and no school. Work on Farms “Nearly 200 young men and women ar$ working on Danish farms, distributed sing ly and in twos and threes in all parts of the country. They all hope when -trained to receive immigration certificates for Palestine; and the Danish government ad mits them on the condition that they shall leave after their year’s training. “Already some 120 who, have served their apprenticeship have left, nearly all for Palestine. ' “They are not all or, indeed, mainly of German nationality, but Polish subjects or stateless. Denmark has set an example to other countries in not discriminating be tween the victims of persecution in Ger many according to their nationality. In no countiy are the conditions so good for training future Palestinian colonists. “The Folk High Schools spread about the country have produced' a class of far mers and small-holders with an extraor dinary high culture and a sense of human ity which enables them to understand the stranger dn their midst. “And the_ intensive cultivation and the system of co-operative farming which holds sway in Denmark are similar to the actual conditions of Jewish agriculture in Pales tine. Happy in Labors “The young men and women are obvi ously happy in their work; some of them were medical and legal students, most were engaged in.commerce or in offices. Scat tered though they are in the farms they have a well-organised corporative life'* through the Haluz movement. “They meet regularly in some bam for Hebrew lessons given by a peripatetic teacher from Palestine, for discussions a bbut their past, present and future, and for exchange of Jewish journals; and, on their fortnightly day of rest, they gather together for excursions through the coun try. 