THE STRANGER WITHIN OUR GATES The punishment which was meted cut to the rioters of Kalgoorlie a-id Boulder, together with the amount of damage done, and the loss of property entailed, will, it is hoped, be the sum result of that mob violence which so recently disgraced our Goldfields' residents. Racial antipathy in the Commonwealth, unfortunately, is not confined to this State. It is impossible to deny that in mining towns, in timber areas, and upon"the sugar fields of Queensland, in particular, strained relations between British and alien workers are continuously present, little as many memberfi of the British group appear to value their nationality on other occasions. The recent outbreak in this State was on all fours with the trouble that occurred in Queensland in 1926, when members of Lho Australian Workers' Union refused to handle sugar f- » by Italians. It matters little that the pretext iet attack is now to be found in the slogan, "Jobs for Australians first' for the root of the trouble is in the sense of grievance by the "ne'er-dowell" in contemplating the apparent properity of the thrifty and industrious. An unbiassed observer said of the Queensland episode: ''Italian labour is popular among A-ustralian employers. It is not given to strikes or to unreasonable demands for wages, or for unduly superior living conditions, demands which, on the part of Australian labour, incessant and irritating, have no finality, and have endangered the prosperity of the sugar industry." Even in times of booming prosperity, however, public opinion refused to tolerate lawlessness The people of a Commonwealth emerging painfully from crisis have shown in no uncertain measure their opinion of the happenings on the Golden Mile. Australia's chief need i6 not for workers who can maintain arrogant and extravagant claims and hold industry to ransom upon every flimsy pretext, but for people who can help to solve the innumerable problems associate cd with the employment of undevel oped resources. The record of non- British immigrants in Australia frankly an open reproach to the lack of energy and foresight in many a native born Australian. German settlers in every wheat growing, or wine producing area, Danish and Scandinavian settlers in dairying and other regions Italian workers in the mines and on the sugar fields Greeks, Maltese and Czechoslovakians, in various occupations, have proved their title to the best that Australia can offer them. Immigrants from European countries who can take a shore in tackling pioneer problems of any kind are as necessary to sound development as to rational defence; and sane statesmanship welcomes and protects them. If Australia is to be permitted to maintain her White Australian policy, she needs every friend she can attach in other countries. Such incidents as those at Kalgoovlie, if not rightly understood, will do more to discredit that policy than a generation of political misrepresentation. Australia's position in the council of the nations would become untenable if hot-heads were allowed to rage unchecked, and law-abidir.g white citizens, whether thfy be native-born, or not, were denied protection. The call for a sterner sense of civil and national responsibility upon the goldfields is a problem which will doubtless receive the closest attention. 