OF INTEREST TO FARMERS The wholesale price of butter last veek in Perth wis: Bulk, 113d. nef •ash with order; 1/03 booked. Pats \/l\ cash with order; 1/11 boked. . „ , , „ Cleanliness in Regard to Cleanliness in every branch of the, work js natural y of paramount importance if the best quality cream. is, to be produced. For thTs reason suppliers who are not m the habit of. washing their separators each time they are used, arc strongly urged to s o - — Bacon and Pork Imports:—Mr. G. L. Sutton the Director of Agriculture, has been responsible for the reassur-' ing information that the importalions of bacon and pork have been reduced from 2,1 <0,865 lbs. in HUl 10 1,278,60] lbs. in 1932, or a decrease of approximately 40 per cent., increased production having accounted for this decrease. | The Horse:—An indication of the' return of the horse to its old-time place : in farm economy . . m . New . ,t Zea- i reansea i.zvi, ana oiner prices horses of various ages were:— Seven n years, £57; six years, £53; five years s, £52; six years, £45; eight years, £39; , seven years, £32. __ AgrosLological Hxperimeiits:— In co-operation with the Council of In-; dustvies, and, in some instances, with Messrs. Cuminr 'liming Smith-Mt. "" 1 I^yell —" Farmers' 1I'ertilisers ; Ltd., the Dairy Branch of Ilm the Department nnnnTlni/inl nf of Agri- Am'l.' culture, states the Director, Mr. G. L. Sutton, have carried out experiments at many different centres with the object of increasing the carrying capacity of the land by improvementj of the pastures and to control pests, ct c - J Wash Dairy Utensils Well:—Rins-' ing dairy appliances in warm water alone, is not conducive to satisfactory: • - - - - - • - ' germ life present in or on the surface of these utensils as well as ensuring' rapid drying, which will minimise thi danger of further bacterial developnl e nt. | Poor Cream:—The remark is-sometimes heard from men who evidently have not studied the question, that the price of butter-fat at the present time does not warrant any extra cart, or treatment of the crcain. With markots glutted and a poor demand it is essentially the time for us to •concentrate on sound quality, so that w.; have reasonable hopes of dispos-j ing of it at a reasonable price. Otherwise if the quality Is to remain indifferent, the possibility of selling is extremely limited, and then at a price totally inadequate for the work and toil connected with dairying. ... . Washing Milker's Hands:—Supposing that a milker takes fifteen se- J„ ,,,.,1, i,i. anH til, conds to wash his hands, and the udder, in the case of each cow, and iho< „„„ ,„;11.„,. „,;ii,c civieen that one milkei milks sixteen covin at a s tt ng, this would mean a total ,„„ „f t <•„,„. „:„„(„0 v.,,1 thr. „ J 1 h nf , nkint' would increased speed of milking . uould Fistern Stales authority Moreover t,astein Biates auinoui}. aioieover as every dairyman knows the more the more actively the the activity m,lk.n? of the is do-. milk-secreting cells is stimulated nence mon fhe i" '^ " , ; milk of better quality. Worms in Horses:—It was sug- Rested by ore of thc District Veteri-' narv Officers during the course of a recent lecture in New South Wales that much or the trouble as regards worms in horses could be avoided by looking well after the animals during thc lean time of the vear when they are not in work. If good feed was not available, and it was not possible to changc the horses fairly frequently to a fresh paddock (and this was impr.rtant) then good caie should be taken that they receive some hand feeding. Ill addition it was well leavn to recognise when horses K e "ing and see that they w e , e d l ' ' e 14 was to IalK ° enched befo! Cheese:—The Director ot Agrlcui- .ture, Mr. G. L. Sutton, states that over 2,000,000 lbs. of cheese are imi ported annually into the State, and £ t, t th /x t st f ,;utter , heen reaclled manufacturers are ; thcjr attention to developing ?oAuction o{ cheeRe One fac :,he 'started during the past year at Sel.pentine and ^ced ne'ai., -,29,000 1 „ Qn the ]oca{ mai.ket T\e ,,Janl I Pathologist rendered assistance by preparing pure cultures of the cheese I starter, the quality of I which has given great satisfaction to the manu- 'lacturer. Unemployment:— Unemployment may be sajd to bGi not the cause of om. tl.oubIes, but the result of them ;while the positjon continues, where the morc the farmer produces the greater his loss, it goes without sayi n K that,. thc volume of unemploy m . ent , w,il be »°t appreciably lessen- <\ rim d - /inmnmHifioc Inasmuch as nvnfliipoW the price ic paid lai>n>o for ti . . . \-- tion, and everything possible in the direction of removing the existing , barnel ' s must be done - [ i . Our . Exportable . Wealth:—It . . is wel) worth remembering that over 95 peij cent. 0f our exportable wealth coines|l f10m the soil, and incidentally th>. illan u])on t]le ]and jK possibly the I • iaKt person • in the scheme • of thing.'j ;t0 receive consideration from thepowers that be. I_ .. Right n: I.J throughout' n t I the South-West at the present mo- ]ment piimaiy production is not alo payable proposition. Farmers «..-<.• widely talking of seeking some other av0cation in life. The possibility is therefore, that since it would be a calamity for the rest of the State if this wore to happen something will ( be done to prevent it happening. j cheese It has often been said— ( • t0ries are gradually being opened up in the South-West for the manufactur0 of cileese, it may be opportune to mcntj0n, that it has been pointed out recently by medical ex< perts in the Old Country that when cheese of choicest quality is matured it is in actual fact more digestible' than many other foods we eat, anc 1 is often specifically recommended bv| medical authorities, not only for peopie in normal health, but for' those suffering from dietic troubles. . Arguments l or and Against Itye- <«rass:—During the last, season many dairymen who tried to establish rye : e iass Paddocks became convinced that this particular grass has been considerably over-boomed and over-, estimated. They have drifted away| to other grasses. A well-known Snuth-Westerner who had had this ex-' ^"e' e and as u t leturned from penence ana nas jusi leuiinea xiom a t,.jp t0 the Eastern States, some n PnIlsiHpralilp nortion of which was P consiaciaDie poiuon 01 \\\n cn was t Victoria, writes that after s 'J t , tl . - h : somewhat . lle sa " t 0 uieie, nc is sonicwnat m .whether lie was quite rigbt in forming fen. opinion upon c ' "" 'S • " ' . ov)mlor, was insufficient. He states 'a that i"" 1 ". in'lhe Eastei.n States from ^i'j." year f ^ ic!cnc(; is accu„lul?ting that rerennial rye grass can be induced to p.10w ln country which, not so long d ago, was considered quite unsuited to it. The evidence is not confined to one district or one type of soil. It !sj as definite on the clay areas of the] hinterland, as upon the sandy loams of the coast, and grey and black soils of other districts. In many cases thc success attained with this fertility loving plant can be aitr.outed to its association with subterranean clover, an undoubted soil improver, and since subterranean clover flourishes exceedingly throughout the South- West it would appear that the conditions should ill the long run be ideal ^for perennial rye grass in association i with what has been for some timenow the staple pasture of these pai ls [In the Eastern Statees it has been ; found that the clover appears to take charge for a few years, and then perennial rye grass, originally sown in .the mixture, becomes more and more conspicuous. Herd Testing:—Under the Pure Breeds Herd Recording Scheme, 23 herds were tested and the total 11U1„. numher of cows completing the test wasl 262. Of these cows 141 passed the standard. F The Commonwealth Bank made 1 mailable, from the Rural Credit De-; vclopment Fund, the sum of £1,001! for the purpose of Grade Herd Testing and, in consequence, eight units were organised. These were allocated as shown hereunder:— Donnybrook 517 cows Serpentine 470 „ Cookernup 425 „ •Harvey . I 39fi „ ! Brunswick „ „ „ | It of these that the production of the cows in the districts will — - be consid erably increased, is the opinion ex pressed by the Director of Agiicul ture (Mr G L Sutton) during th" course of his annual report " ! Improving Pasture:—That- a cos ' mopolitan plant like subterranean clover does help in the ultimate cstablishment on light country of ths, higher producing species of grasses has become common observation. The QmitlifioM fat ctnrlr shnw thn lpadinr. S S ^it% k ind hD^ th» e worir inuinu^, uius inuuuyiiiK tne lnecnanical condition of the soil ano enabling ,it t0 ,.etajn moisture. An outstanding example is provided in the ex- ,perience with philaris , tuberosa at the Waite Research Institute in Adeaide. Philaris does not usually pros-' |per when sown with other grasses or a clover crop, but at Waite, with its 22 inch rainfall, when sown' with subterranean clover, it develops a satisfactory r i. sward. j Another A ji out,- _ . standing example is the persistence f cocksfoot on the Gippsland hills when it is associated with the same clover. Ryegrass sown alone on the soils of the plains comparatively quicklv runs out, . whereas . after .. 'given period it becomes a promising feature, when sown with clover, The latter, too, because of its nitrogen fixing attributes, helps perennial rye \- •• • steer, Mike the Fifth, which won the junior steer championship. Both en tries have been disqualified. Afte» the show both animals were slauglitered, and a post-mortem cxamination showed that they had been doped with oil of turpentine. A membel. of the councji told the "Daily Express" (London) that no blame t.ouid be attached to the owner, Son,eone had t>een trying his hand u waa an amateurish job, or it had bpor done in a tremendous hurrv. The oil had been injected with a needle /-nnl Yniir Cream The surnlier pr -Y"™' u- , ' !° takes a pride in his produce and wj,0 continually alms at securing top rices will he well eu advised amse a to cool hi- °' nL mended. The low temperature thus ttained will nuicklv chppk anv harerfarlNe development, o p S and tlL thereby con- ! terial the k^pin^ qCaterial 1Uy. stirring two or three times aj]y will tend to minimise any ob- jectionabl'e "feed'"'" flavours present in ' t],e cream, . I Unhealthy Competition:—It may not be generally known, but it is a fact nevertheless that the quality of butter being produced in this State is once more slipping back. For this. retrograde step those connected with the industry are holding thc Depart 1 ment responsible. We have on several occasions remarked upon the Ihadequate policing which this industry receives, and it may be as well to once more record our protest against a condition of affairs which is quite ' : unnecessarily unhealthy. "One of the great troubles in connection with the industry is the excessive competition "for cream. Instances have been brought under our notice where cream has been graded as second class, taken away from thc factory so grading ; afield to another factory, with the, result that it was classed as choice. | The dairy farmers knew that their | product was not good, but who can | blame them for somewhat cynically ' smiling and saying that they are cn- j titled to take every advantage of me the conditions as they found them , soon as a supplier has his cream 1 B-raded second class he in variably; rushes off ?o another factor" and n l n T o b a L i ? y " than the cream is entitled to. This ' process has been going on for years , Once or "twice I the Department has temporarily liv-! ened up. and done its duty, and then ] the whole business has been allowed to the lapse. xwioie Dusiness It is assumed nas ueen that allowed it is . easier to go to sleep than be constantly on the! alert, but bad fior the industry, and bad for the State. Gradually the quality of the cream has become not all that could be desired, and the resultant butter can- not by any means be compared with j thc choice butters produced in the j big factories of the Eastern States] where the industry is considered as j being something worth protecting not only in the interest of the industry itself, but also in the interest ] of the State. The Department has a ' clear duty before it, and if one half of the statements which are recelv- j ing currency are true that duty isnot being- done. j ~ Thc Dairy Produce Bill;—In an ad-' dress which Mr. Main, the Ministei for Agriculture, submitted to thi dairy farmers of New South Wales in conveying the compliments of the New Year to them, he significantly states: "If evidence be wanted that the proposals submitted by the Dairying Industry in Queensland, New Sculh Wales, and Victoria, are sound , in principle, it is found in a statement by the Minister for Commerce to the "effect that he is now preparing a marketing schemg to cover al 1 primary products. It is proposed tha requirements for home markets will be determined and quotas for export fixed on a compulsory basis. TtTiile favourable home markets shoulo thus be assured, primary producers must share the leaner export parity ( prices, which cannot be controlled by Government or Boards. That po Hey,.!! is suggested, should maintain local prices at such a level as to render unnecessary iry Government assistance, as in the case of Wheat . . the dairying industry-provision that everyone should take his fair share of this market, and the uncertain and less remunerative market overseas." a • Registration of Bulls:-Due to the beneficial influence of the "Dairy Cattle Improvement Act" the percentage of registered purebred bulls has rfsen fronf23 per cent, in 1924 to c . . " _ " yu Znt ITthe'Tve^agf of the cow- ?n thf State W k risen frST217 sSTlons w annum in iq2T iq24 to 342 Dillons Sf naTZar t0 340 tallons in the nasi vear ^ . tcrea" ^ L ™ ccnl.; S and Hdespite J h J the f" L this fad that the averaire in 19^2 wa? for inri9iq c o " s ^as .compared comnTred^with with bl,.jb7 ci- S? cows ^wfin in u 1094 "state^'Mr" b Director of Agriculturt . „ ,. . c ' "ahbits:—One grazier on the wheat oelimofnc iUoi c^nm lO'JO I 5 ?' 4 estimates that since 1932 he has C k ' lled 9 ' 000 faubits. He estimates f t | lat five labbits eat as much as one t s »eep. If this estimate is correct that 9,000 rabbits would have con- , sumed enough food to keep 1,800 sheep. In one year 9,000 rabbits ,would increase to 100,000. These e simple facts are mentioned to im- c P iess u P on all farmers in the South- V ..v that in the cou >'. eal ' s they will completely over-run the South-West. Dairy Factories:—Mr. G. L. Sutton, LJ11 the 1'IJ Director VJ1 of XlglltUII'UIV Agriculture bLctllo states that in an endeavour to improve the 'quality of the butter the officers of 'crease the Daily the Branch supervision have over had a to num- !nber of factories. " I i At the ,, present time the following ... dairv factories are operating n in the State: ,., . ' I Butter factories | • Cream depotF Condensed milk factories Cheese factory Two new and well-equipped butter' .factories were built during the year ione at Searwood for Messrs. Watson !& Son, and the other at Manjimup for - • Produce Com- 1 . mtes j^.Ev „,. i,„v„_ .„((i„ u„f. u„. f„,,„j ! ^ M n ^ L ^ ^ ^ M h,,,.„„ nl„ni;t|.. „.,„ ;„ j-i.. r„™„„ '^^Lnch and U e aim of anv me t),0d of treatment is to eet rid of (hat sas j hav£ founa t,fat jn mUd cases, keeping the mouth open with a eaer or niece of wool helDs the beast toget rid of most of it by belching. The interna! administration of 1 oi of bicarbonate , of soda and 1 oz. of L ,-enent,ed'' sometimes , in L 'a'^fpw Useful, nC linm-s''Tf and may "n"/ nn,„ :„ _ .„„,.,, „„-.•„„„ I s37nuncture of the naunch hav^to P S ^ l L T t n | De ! esortea to. I Grading:—The rapid strides made the improvement of butter making machinery, together with advanced scientific methods, had enabled most modern factories to overcome faults j in manufacture which had been commo n - stated Mr. Wl. M. Downes a , South Australian dairy instructor in the-course of an informatory address ! on this important subject. Unfor-j ' tunately factory progress—great' | though it had been—does not overcome the grading problem, nor the necessity to keep up the standard of. quality by this means. In order that' ... factories may - successfully compete | ln interstate trading, and be able to PJ'. oduce a n article fit for export, suppliers as a whole may expect a general ^tightening^up in grading methods. It will be essential in thc| : butter factories' interests to carefully| grade all cream received and there i> | little doubt that a fair percentage ofj jcream, mediocre in quality, previously! |paid for as "choice," will be reduced I l to either first or second grade. A supplier who receives notice that his | crea m is of inferior quality feels up-j pet, besides having to accept a lower, I rat e for his produce. He may think. !that ,lc is boi n K treated with unduej harshness by the factory, but there issl ;usually a very good reason for his , clea » 1 graded down. the man who is making a genuine effort to improve the quality of his cream, if must not be assumed that ithe i factory 'discriminate . . grader is at fault. In-' grading down of cream i would quickly result in a depleted supply, which would not be in the (best interests of the factory con cerned. In warm weather it will be more difficult for some suppliers to consistently receive tlte top grade D price for their cream, unless they a d ° 1,t (i ,1 f " ec ?ssary measures to cn- £ sure that their produce is of sound quality, He Comedale:—The Comedale appears to be becoming increasingl popular in the South-West, and, it is contended) has ,ied long-felt want among graziers who whilst looking to their annual wool cheques; as the principal source of income, ' by the sale of'fat sheep andlS^T The breed is now in extensive not only throughout Australia, but'n throughout South America, Japan 1 nd South Africa. The Japanese Go-ig vernment, after experimenting with a " ^eeds of sheep, now confine attention exclusively to the Corriedale and make extensive and regular pur- !) a ? es { r T the ,eadin S fi t ud sticks f Advantage of Sheep:—During irse of his speeches in connec- UOn W ' tH h , is ? andidature the va- ? an ?. y Legislative Council Mr. LeS h ,® Cr fu ff . demonstrated, beyond q Uu ,u <Bt l 6tlo '°,, n tha hhe 5, » possesses agn- an f— ultural m,nd - The m a J' or Potion of LTTfatinT "ttei-ance was t hdevbted r Z to V Z ^ altecting the man upon the an d " He stressed a fact which 'has trt>nnpr,tiv een frequently emphasised in these olumns that the entire future'of the Province is wrapped up in agricultural development. Incidentally Mr. /**>.ni*n 1.. _ J _ i , raig strongly advocated that every armer should devote a certain porion of his energies to sheep. Be pointed out that not only under existing circumstances was there morc money'in sheep, but the devotion of u considerable part of the farmer's to sheep enabled him sufficient time to develop his property, ery few if any of the farms were ous, and constituted such a binding tie that it did not allow time for a man to go on with the work of improving W• ...o his ,auu land tlliu and L bringing morc J/1 of it into productivity. If on the other hand he switched off a portioi. of his activities into sheep he woulu find that the relaxation of the strain would be immediately felt. Worms in Sheep:—Much loss Is caused annually to the sheep industry by worms. Mr. R. N. Johnstone, Victoria, Bachelor of Veterinary Science, recently gave some very useful advice as to the best means of combat inf: this menace. He said that round worms which invade the stomach o sheep, are a source of great trbublc to the farmer, and sometimes leac to very serious loss. Where a severe (outbreak occurs it is by no means un- 'common for half of the lambs to die an(j j-or the remainder to be so stunted in growth that their market value is "=uua-u. Moreover, the ^ sheep, may be and ™ u a wnn an uiseases. and Particularly with those caused by P a,as 'tes, heavy stocking is an imthe^condition * «. • _ fS^^,.^p V , e tlp E ' Ve "f K 1 ". 0 ^"tion to ° f th , elr I' ah „ tu , r es b.y find that on,y^ ? ,on thc mc i n £ capacity, * ^ ^ intestinal , : ca ? ed parasites ^ecp-carry have become so numerous as to harm the ,3mb s - P asture , ' <?mai "- Whi!c tlle P oor > the scattering of thc sheep ed prevented heavy infestation. !!..:,...:„„ Slatistirs- TI,o nirontn, " f ect ° " *th . ^uiine: the vmv ; k bl „f the ^i™ in p ™s'F s s . OI tne oairy in- ? UBU J conunue - as be lised from the undermentioned ' a fi- " re crUres._ e w © o ca a t— o o m LI N ~v CO ^ ^ co H 10 n t-" i- ^ ID t- M H H M CJ N —i rH -T o o ® OB to • i J i f f £ £ — a — p s « ^ V U Pi CL, ijnfnrtunstolv tv.P v-lno nf ,iuiw r X e „articula,lv butter continued M M ^ ' X ^ '^ca, pTce ,)Utter.fa? rtllinTioljd perlb This is the lowest recol.ded sincc 1914. The export of butter increased from 1,397,448 lbs. in 1931/32 to 2,280,448 lbs. in 1932/33. The whole of this butter was graded by officers of the dairy branch on behalf of the Commonweealth • Department of Commerce. The grading was as follows:— % Choice 0.97 First quality .. .. 64.08 Sccond qauiity ., .. • 30.15 Pastry 4.79 From the small percentage of "choice" quality it is obvious that there is considerable room for improvement. To achieve this it will be necessary for factories to give stricter attention to grading, and to pay strictly according to grade, and thus provide the necessary incentive for farmers to produce cream of the best quality. The QualiLv of Our Cream His. y^us£i"the eff«tS that thTStension of the inicatfon ar^s wouH havE 'the qu^litT of X " earn sS£ piied to the factories Mr. Les Craig said that the provision of water would not only "extend the butter-fat ^^p^vinrlVguamy 'of ^the TufSS' „*v™ frnn? fTnt iJ Ji^t'Ii? that theTualitv of mlichof th^™m unnlied in the South-West ^ j^SSdarf by any means Bvhaving Seen srass lirovided all the v^r round B ^ the • grass quality proviaed should all the improve year greatly. By the way, it may be remarked that a correspondent writing from the Pemberton area stresses the same point, and states that much of the cream supplied from that district at the present moment is of a very low standard indeed. Irrigation Has Come To Stay:—"1 am satisfied," remarked Mr. Craig during the course of his election address when in Buabuiy, "that irrigation in the South-West has come to stay. The part which irrigation plays may be Bald to be peculiar in some respects. It is a success to the Individual, but not to the State. There is no question as to the effect it has in developing a country. If anyone doubts this it is only necessary to go to Harvey. It is not necessary to have a personal knowledge of the effect of this development after a visit to that centre. Land under irrigation is worth £30 an acre, while land across the road which has not the advantage of thei water supply is available for £5 an acre. Confidence in what irrigation will do is spreading. In the district that will be provided with water from the Collie scheme the farmers are commencing to realise that irrigation will do foe them what nothing else will do as regards the dairying industry." Organised Marketing:—Organised marketing of primary produce is being much discussed throughout tha South-West at thc present time. Tha condition of thc market generally ia forcing the farmers to seek for intelligent reasons as to why certain conditions prevail. Organised market* ing of all kinds of produce is gradually becoming recognised as essential to success. Free competition inevitably leads to instability, writes a correspondent in the course of a thoughtful letter on this subject. Tha primary producer labours under tha disadvantage that he lacks the organisation enjoyed by those engaged in other industries. Much to-day ia heard of the term "orderly marketing." Thc expression first came into use during the years when the American Farm Bureau Federation was being organised-—1919-21. The term is not a simple mathematical formula for solving primary producer's marketing problems, but implies in a general way price • stabilisation through control of the flow of tha product to market. In the liberal sense it may be defined as the marketing of the commodity at the right time and place, in the right quality and quantity. Parliamentary Difficulties:—A ,corlespondent writing with reference to thc effort which has been put in hand by Mr. Mann, of Busselton, with • view of securing concerted action on thc part of the members of Parliament representing thc South-West concerning the crisis through which the State is passing in regard to the price of butter-fat says that he understands that by the time this paper has gone to press that the meeting will have been held, but while be most strongly commends Mr. Mann for the action which he set on foot he doubts if any good will come of It. The South- Western representatives, he says, have never pulled together, and, in consequence, the district has had to( face difficulties with which it should never have been presented. I understand, he says that if Mr. Mann's views are carried into effect that the Parliamentarians will next seek contact with the manufacturers, it is possible that if the movement gets that $ar that something will then be done. I am not criticising Mr. Mann—as a matter of fact I am warmly in hope that something effective will result from his effort, but the South-Western team of politicians is not strong, neither Is it a fighting force. Several Types of Worms:—Several kinds of worms occur in the sheep'b stomach, to one most frequently aeen because of its greater size being the "twisted wire worm." (Ilacmonchus contortus) writes Mr. 11. N. Johnstone B.V.Sc. This worm measures from three-quarters to one and a quarter inches in length, ^d is a little thinner than an ordinary pin. In colour it is a little darker than the toinach wall, and is tinged with red— due to the blood which it has taken from the sheep. Thc finale worm is the larger, and has a twisted barber's pole appearance, owing to the fact (hat thc red intestine is twisted around other internal parts, which are white. It is tapered at both ends. The male worm is smaller, and does not present the twisted appearance, but carries a broad membranous portion at one end. If the fourth stomach of an affected sheep is opened soon after death these worms may be seen moving about in large numbers, and many will be found closely attached to the walls of thc stomach. Injury to.the sheep is caused by the actual loss of the blood, by indigestion resulting from the irritation of the lining of the stomach, and by the absorption of a poison which the worms secrete. Immigration:—Mr. Leslie Craig indirettly referred to the Group Settlements Scheme during the course of his addresses. He remarked that in his opinion there would have to be a distinct alteration in thc attitode of the people of* this State to immigrants of the future. -If thc British Government wanted to send any'further people over here the proper a<> titude for Western Australia to take would be. "We will welcome the people that you are prepared to send over. To show that we are genuine in this statement we are prepared to supply the officers- to supervise the operations of these settlers. We will (Continued on page 4) FARMING NOTES (Continued) give the land on which they are prepared to settle. But, when all is said and done, you, the British Government will have to be financially responsible. You will have to carry the baby, so to speak. The reason is that we cannot afford to do that. After all we are only a comparatively paltry 450,000 people—men, women, and children—and we cannot afford to hamper ourselves with millios of pounds of liability in connection with a movement which never has, and possibly never will be, successful, in fhe history of the world." Sheep versus Cows:—It seems to me, remarked Mr. Leslie Craig, during the course of one of his addresses that we people of Australia have a unique opportunity in regard to wool "Most countries of the world can produce butter-fat. It is as easy as winking to so direct the energies of the people that in the course of a short, time they are self supporting in this regard, and from then on they produce a surplus which can be sold In other lands. But the same thing does rot apply to fine wool. We people of Australia have a unique mate in this regard. This is the only country in the world that can produce fine wool. This was pointed out to me during a trip to London when 1 attended an agricultural conference. I was thej, told that Australia need never 1)e afraid of South Africa in the fine wool trade. The climate of this country gave to us this advantage that nothing could take away. It seems to nic that it is possible for us to turn .this opportunity to its fullest advantage. We have a monopoly that nothing could take away, and we should devote ourselves more than we are doing to its full des'elopment." Sheep Breeding:—The principle that like begets like is the most generally accepted theory of breeding, states Mr. H. Kelly, of South Australia. There are exceptions to this rule, but generally speaking it is a sound basis upon which to work. If a breeder consistently culls inferior animals from his dams, ana chooses for sires those showing prominently the characteristics he re quires, he must substantially improve liis flock. When choosing a sire it is always wise to buy him as nearly as possible in a natural condition. Many young rams, are so artificially forced that their development appears abnormal; but often this rate of development does not continue. The mistake is often made of buying at shows, precocious youngsters, whose development is the result of extreme forcing. If the beginner in sheep bleeding can attain a critical eye for points of frame, constitution, and style of carriage, and distinguish between fat and flesh, he will soon know how to choose a sire to improve iiiflock: Price the Great Regulator:—Wc cannot get away from the fact that Li all fornis of primary production price is the great regulator, writes a most thoughtful contributor. The law of supply and demand never dicates its throne. When saturation point is reached in consumer demand, whether it is ... butter-fat, potatoes, „. or any other commodity, a lower price will register ij* that fact. The difficulties that confront every primary producer at the present time are admittedly great, always provided that he has not seen the writing on the wall and cultivated a flock of sheep to stand him over his difficulties. No grower can blind himself to the fact that only by collective, consistent, and effective organisation can he obtain the best result for his labour Better methods of production, better •grading of goods, more direct and economical marketing, better machinery of finance and credit, better publicity, oversight of distributive charges, study of competitors' methods, and study of markets, can all assist towards a solution, and this can only be effectively accomplished by organisation of producers. • Dairying Docs Not Pay. Says Mr. Craig:—Mr. Leslie Craig during the .course of Iiis address quoted a number of interesting statistics connected with thi> dairying industry, the upshot of which was to show that dairying with the present price of butterfat and with the quality of cattle obtaining in this State, at tile moment does not pay. He argued that taking the leading statistics as a guide, the ordinary farmer who collected his cattle in the usual way and brought them in for milking, milked the cattle by hand, and and then turned them out, afterwards separting the resultant milk, earned as the price of his labour 8d. per hour. This made no provision whatever for the capital cost of his farm, or the cost of laying down and maintaining pastures, neither did it provide in any way for the cost of super. Therefore, he argued, there was little doubt that dairying does not pay, and equally little doubt that it would pay the average farmer to devote more attention to sheep than had been his practice in the past. The Primary Producer's Handicap -Commenting - upon - the efforts which have been made by Mr. J. Mann M.L.C. to co-ordinate the strength o: the Parliamentary representatives J ' "" or " the South-Western group a very thoughtful South- Western dairy farmer chatting to a representative of this paper sai dthat it was vitallv in the interest of the South-\\\ r csl thai something should be done in the direction indicated. In his opinion the lot of the primary producer could not go on at at present. The yivire of butter-fat to-day was infinitely worse than the price of wheat. It was obvious that indifferent organisation wus - the , sole --— cause - of — the — ^ position. —j Queensland had got over the difficulty, and why not Western Austra-, lia. It seemed a pity that the Act under winch Queensland was workingI did not seem to be available. Our trouble in Western Australia wat want of organisation, and apparently; mutual distrust among the primary produeers. It had been well said that the obvious handicaps under which the primary producer laboured, were] that while other branches of industry had reached relatively high stages of organisation, and were therefore able! to gain advantage over the farmer.I he suffered by reason of no fuliy organ-sed effort. Tlie Tendency of the Farmer:—It was an extraordinary tiling, continued our informant, that the farmer oi growers were so loath to acccpt organised methods of marketing? Careful investigation showed that, their hatlt of life created a definite spirit of individualism. The tendency of farming is to foster self-reliance. The man who controls the use of a tract of land, who decides the -nature and kind of all the processes of cultivation must depend upon his own judgjljsjjt. He may, and often does, con- suit with his fellow growers, but In- s stinctively he acquires a habit of in- f dependent action, and of general self-'w sufficiency. In short the bias of the grower's mind is individualistic. For these reasons the idea of combining' with others in business transactions,! and in some degree surrendering his t independence is not congenial. Co-| operation or organised effort with' others can only be advocated as a; business proposition on the ground; that it will secure by collective effort | definite trading economic advantages. | Agriculture Is A Business:—One of;S the definite advantages which may re-1 suit from the present crisis, continued. our informant, is that it will pos-! sibly become recognised in the South-West that farm or orchard management has two distinct, , branches-practical farming and business organisation. Agriculture is primarily a business. It has some- ' times been described as an art, and a:" science, but though its pursuit involves technical skill it does not differ! in that respect from many other industries. Whether the grower wins from the soil only the means of sustenance for himself and his family, or an excess of products for exchange] or sale, his object is to make an in-j come in kind or cash, which is the, object of all who engage in business ' With so many units in production J f with such diversity of character and! thought, the trouble arises in making : growers appreciate the fact that they are virtually shareholders in a busi-i ness with others, and that unless they l combine, or organise, they become de-l finite competitors. Especially is this;c so in the case of the small grower I whose stake in the particular com-, modity is small. | Free Competition:— Free competi-j tion, he continued, leads inevitably to instability, because stability is impossible without planning, and plan-; ning is impossible with such a num-; ber of unknown factors as free com-| petition involves. To plan a marketing programme demands rare skill but where competition is free, it is impossible, for your plans are dependent upon the knowledge of the supply and demand of your market both of which are beyond your control. Principal Cream Taints:—-The prin cipal faults noticed in local cream are chief!v due to defects in flavour, slat- j ed Mr. W. H. Downes a South Aus-! Italian dairying instructor, during tiielp course of an informative address on this important subject. These can be summarised as follows:— | Stale Flavour.—This is one of the most common defects noticed in| South Australia, and is chiefly responsible for the fact tht our butters j have not enjoyed the best reputation | in past seasons. H is due naturally i to the fact that cream is kept far too long on the farm before being deliv-j ercd to the factory. Occasionally it [ is bordering on rancidity by the time it reaches its destination. While ! transport difficulties and small supplies of cream may be to blame for|d a good proportion of this trouble, they are not responsible for all of it; quite J often it could have been avoided If suppliers as a whole would realise; the necessity of forwarding their | cream in as fresh a condition as pos-|" sibl e Thiii \- Point easily bearl stressing, because by so doing the| Producer will greatly assist the fac- i tory ill the production of a better artide, as well as enhancing his prospects of receiving "choice" prices consistently. | Feed Flowers or Fodder Taints.—.J All green fodders when fed to cows j have the effect of tainting milk to a| certain extent, while some are mild' and not unpleasant, others are strong j and objectionable. It is advisable, | where possible, to avoid feeding cows on fodder of a strongly tainting ten-,1 dency provided the milk supply is not ' seriously affected by so doing. Neverthelcss, this cannot always be avoid-1 ed particularly as much of the South-j Eastern pastures contain a bigc sprinkling of clovers. Under these j circumstances the potency of these; flavours may be reduced considerably j by judicious feeding, aeration ami I stirring. By turning cows into pas-] tures of this type immediately after' milking, lemoving them a few hours-, before the next milking and by cool-1 ing and aerating cream as well as stirring it daily, a vast improvement' in the flavour will be immediately 110- ticcd. i Absorbed Flavours.—It is KUrprising nig how now quickly quiciviv cream absorbs ausorus ana retains certain odours, especially when articles possessing pungent aromas are placed near it. Probably the best point to illustrate this tendencv is the fact that timber used in' butter boxes must be carefully select-' ed and free from any resinuous smell! or limber taint. It is essential, there-j fore, that cream should be kept a reasonable distance away from anything|c likely to affect the flavour in thls vvaJ7 „ _ . „ Sour Or Over-Ripe.—This flavour ! is due to the presence of too much lactic acid. Factors responsible fo>its occurrence are too low a test, warm conditions, and age. In the' course of a litle time a stale and, chcesy flavour usually develops.. j Fermented Flavour.—This may be: due to several causes, the chief of', which are:—Cream kept too long; notl in the best condition, particularly if it is low in butter-fat test; mixing! together cream of different temperatures before the warmest has cooled; sufficiently; using a separator twice a day and only washing it once, or, if washed on each occasion, the washing and scalding of the vrious parts is'a inefliciently done; keeping the after-' noon's milk overnight and heating it : up the following morning for the pur-: pose of separating. ' Tallowy Flavour.—This is a chem-i ical taint noticed most commonly dur-l |ing warm weather. Though not con-' fined to creams of high test it is,: j however, more frequently found in crcum high in butter-fat content. lt: j develops as a result of cream becom-1 ing exposed to heat, or being air' dried on tiie surface, as a consequence' 10f which the chemical nature of tnc |butter-fat is permanently altered. It usually becomes more pronounced with age, and the process of pasteur-' isation, rather than producing an imprcvemeiit tends to increase this de-'t feet. i Metallic Flavour.—This is anothei . chemical flavour usually, though not I always, associated with low testing' iicam. It is produced as a result of, the lactic acid contained in.the croam^ coming into contact with certain mc'-] lals. It will rarely occur if the i separator parts and other untensiisj arc well tinned and kept well washed • Any neglect in either direction will soon produce this characteristic taint j which is another flavour that cannot ( be removed by pasteurisation. i While the various taints in cream have been described singly, it is quite|\ possible for cream to possess a cora-j bination of two or more flavours, uch as stale and tallowy, or sour and ermented, the nature and extent of hich will naturally depend npon the conditions under which it was procuced the treatment it receives on the farm, and the method of delivery, Australian Conditions:- Again here has been no change in an* of the metropolitafi butter markets, and thif is on, to be expected in View, firfctl of the intervJ OCCUpied by ttie if0'!idays and 6eeond!y by the fact thal the £rice of salted "Kangaroo" in l ^ * has continued unaltered, tates a leading Sydney authority, South Wales Conditions:—In this State while production in some «f the inland centres is showing a seasonal decline, along the coastal strip it continues to mount and as a result , , arrivals ,, again - this week , are . »»«<* heavier than thc-y were during JJ" g tlu corresponding period of " last °° year 1 1 ,,, 15 , expected that peak production """. ^ reached in New South Walet during the currency of the present month, but even if the collective ouiir^ be maintained at the present level j 1^ t ot ?> amvals for the month should be much ahead of what they w e 'f d V r,n f last January, ,, J he loca .' market is suffering from theniorning after the night before" e ,CTte nd < , ® post-hohday feeling is shown by a sacking in the demand d r dairy produce generally. Grocers ? 10 stoc ' k, ?e U P to c ? v £ r their immediate requirements and business 1 8 " ot llk ?>y <f> "turn to normal until n e , xt ™ eek - In Sydney and the sub- «! bK the,e a«-e a large number of fam- ,lles a«'ay holiday-making and their umulative absence is reflected in the lessened demand made on the gro- CC!F Rt0 < * s butter and the latter consequently are buying less. Queensland Conditions:—In Queensi.ln(j production is fairly romping • ]iend, but it will be some weeks yet before the peak is reached. Heavy ,.£ins in the North and South Coaat {jj,ll-icts with good rains in other dairying centres, coupled with mild temperatures, have set the stage for a record season. Evidence of this is found in the gradings and shipments which grow weekly. \ ictorian Conditions:—In Victorian while the weather was warm and humid . last week, . production, _ although . showing a seasonal decline, is not descending in such a sharp curve as jt !ast \- vear - the fourth week ^ December the arrivals at Melb ° l 'i ,ne were 40 tons lower than for the previous week, but that figure Compares favourably with the eorresponding week of the previous year, ? rhen de e' ,ne registered was 80 J 0116 No : clianEe took place in the loca! j> nce - little f.o.b. business ™ as r done , on the oa] 'd s minimum Df ' a c - South Australian Conditions:—In south Australia, production is declining rapidly, and the export consists of grades below" choicest, the latter i>eii,g required to fill local trade raquirenients. In Western Australia, es-pite cool weather with light rains ;n (he extreme .South-West, productjon continues to fall off. London Market:—The London but ter market shows no change on last week's ruling rate of <57/ for salted Kangaroo." Arrivals during Christma. week were the heaviest on re- c0,.j this season and amounted 12„KJ7 tons, of this amount Australia was responsible for 4,027 tons, New Zealand for 4,725 and Denmark for j 95o. stocks on December 23 held in cool ,-oom jn the United Kingdom amounted to a total of 10,000 tons, made up of 312,000 boxes and 47,000 cafks. Butter afloat on Saturday, December 20, amounted to 1,295,431 boxes, made up of 526,519 from Australia, 738,132 from New Zealand and. 3C,730 from Argentine. A week -ievious the total was 1,088,589 boxes and foi the same week of 1932 1,164,- 358 boxes. London Conditions:—The Dairy Produce Export Board on Friday reeived a cablegram from its London representative stating that the London butter market is dull. Sales of Australian butter in the United King* dem during the week ended January 2, were 96,000 boxes at an average price of 67/9 per cwt. for salted "Rangaroo" brand and 70/ for unsaltcd. On January 4 Danish butter wa.i quoted at 91/ per cwt., New Zealand at 06/ to 67/, salted Kangaroo at 66/, first grade at 65/, and unsaltcd Kangaroo at 68/ to 70/. Retail 'Pnoes W « r c:—Uanisli, 1/ and Empire bul,C T 8 ' to 30 . ' _- . : d .-. P' cr lb - . Unsold : s t ocksi of Australian consignments a J c , 18 ?' 0 09 b( i xe . s ' " d « he . qu ,?S. t!t ? of Australian butter in Hays Wharf ft 0 ™! "3,000 boxes New- Zealand \ utter stocks arc 119,000 boxes, The, cheese market is steady. New Z ,^! and wh 'te >f Q^ted at 48/ to 4 .8/6 per cwt. coloured at 44/to 44/6; Australian white, at 40/ to 47/, and olcured at 42/ to 44/. Price a year i 8^- ,? cwt - , Australian Exports:—Export of AuFtralian butter to the United Kingdom dul.ing the week ended, Decernbel.( 30> J!W3j represented 67,869 ,boxes. victoria and Tasmania sent !]742i boxes, New South Wales 12,995 bcxeSj Queensland 35,135 boxes, South Australia 1207 boxes and West Australla 470 boxes. cheese shipments were 713 crates from Victoria and 850 crates from South Australia. In thc same period 123,170 boxes of salted and 1J,38!I boxes of unsalted butter were graded for export. Telegraphic advice received by the board - states that* in Queensland light to! heavy rains have fallen in all dis-| trut:-, and the production is incrcasing more steadily. Larger quantities] rc manufactured in New SoutlrB Wales, but in South Australia, owing| to warm weather, supplies are dim-j inishing. Choicest butter is very, scarce. In West Australia output is; falling, and in Tasmania, hot, dryl westher and a caterpillar, plague are causing a rapid leductiort^in supplies.|2 New South Wales Prices:—Price : hl4/10 a cwt. Price a vear ago, 132/* a cwt. ' Victorian Conditions:—Quotations| in Melbourne have been reduced by 4/8 per cwt., following a further fal!|2 in London prices. The local market is very depressed, and most buyers opeiate cautiously. On Monday Aus-T tralian butter was quoted at 64/ a cwt. in London. In Melbourne yeserday choicest quality was quoted at 93/4 a cwt., and other grades at con-, cessions. | Queensland Prices:—Price, 126/ 9 cw'.. Tasnianian Prices:—Price. 98/ v ewt, j South Australian Conditions:—Euc- 1 ter production again showed a fur-. ther seasonal decline although the proportion of top grades was better than for several weeks past. Therej was again a considerable surplus of lower grades packed for Londoh, andj they will go forward as soon as] freight is arranged. All the choicest. ines being now manufactured in tTiis State are required for local trade ; Piice, 119/ a cwt. 