OF INTEREST TO FARMERS The wholesale price of butter last week in Perth was; Bulk, 113d. net tash with order; 1/01 booked. Pats 1/11 cash with order; 1/11 bokedj Cleanliness in Regard to Cream: ' " Cleanliness in every branch of the work is naturally^ of paramount importance if the best quality cream is to be produced. For this reason suppliers who are not in the habit of washing" their separators each time they are used, are strongly urged to do so. Bacon and Pork Imports:—Mr. G. L. _ Sutton the Director of Agriculture, has been responsible for the> reassur-! ing information that the importa- j tions of bacon and pork have been] reduced from 2,176,865 lbs. in 1931 to 1,278,601. Lbs. in 1932, or a decrease ' of approximately 40 per cent., increased production having accounted for this decrease, j . . .. , .val The Horse^-An mdicationof the; return of the horse to its old-time niac in farm economy m New Zea-l land was proved by the fact that the best sale for many years took place at a clearine sale at Ashburton. rJ^W w^^fW A four horse ! team realised S and other prices ! team realised.mh, a were-— for horses of -^redir Seven years, £57; various six year* ag ^ . _ f years, £52; six years, years, £39; seven years, £32. Agrostological Experiments:— I n ! co-operation with the Council of Industries, and, in some instances, witn Messrs. Cuming Smith-Mt. Lyellj Farmers' Fertilisers Ltd., the Dairy Branch of the Department of Agriculture, states ^he Director, Mr. G. L L Sutton, have carried out experiments] at many different centres with the, object of increasing the carrying capacity of the land by improvement of the pastures and to control pests, ftc. Wash Dairy Utensils Well:—Rinsing dairy appliances in warm water alone, is not conducive to satisfactory results. After 'being well scrubbed and rinsed, all dairy utensils should be thoroughly scalded with boiling water. This latter treatment will eliminate many _ ... troubles. It kills all J germ life present in or on the surface of these utensils as well as ensuring rapid drying, which will minimise the] danger of further bacterial development. ( Poor Cream:—The remark is some-' time* heard from men who evidently have" not studied the question, that!i the price of butter-fat at the present! time does not warrant any extra care] or treatment of the cream. With'm markets glutted and a poor demand.! it is essentially the time for us to concentrate on sound quality, so that we have reasonable hopes of dispos-! ing of it at a reasonable price. I Otherwise if the quality is to remain indifferent, the possibility of selling is extremely limited, and then at a t price totally inadequate for the work' 1 J I -I I J •t.u J - I and toil connected with dairying. Washing Milker's Hands:—Suppos- : ing that a milker takes fifteen se-; conds to wash his hands, and the a udder, m the case of each cow, and that one milker milks sixteen cows at a sitting, this would mean a total loss of about four minutes, but the increased speed of milking would easily make up this time, w^tes an . Eastern States authority. Moreover. ; fctive^the ir KLg^done! ^Je ,. ., -- +Vva ' j more the activity of the milk-secret mg cells is stimulated, hence more milk of better quality. | Worms in Horses:—It was sug-j gested by one of the District Veteri-| nary Officers during the course of a recent lecture in New South Wales' that much of the trouble as regards worms in horses could *« ' be avoided by'' looking well after the animals during' the lean time of the year when they are not in work. If good feed was not available, and it was not possible to change the horses fairly frequently to a fresh paddock (and this was important) then good care should be taken that they receive some hand feeding. In addition it was well to learn to recognise when horses w£re getting "wormy," and see that they were drenched before it was too late. Cheese:—The Director of Agricuithat ture, Mr. G. L. Sutton, states over 2,000,000 lbs. of cheese are imported annually into the State, and now that the export stage for butter has been readied manufacturers are turning their attention to developing the production of cheese. One factory started during -the past year at Serpentine and placed nearly 129,000 lbs. on the local market. The Plant Pathologist rendered assistance by preparing pure cultures of the cheese starter, the quality of which has given great satisfaction to the manufacturer. Unemployment:— Unemployment |inay be sai d to be, not the cause of r troubles, but the result of them while the position continues, where the more the farmer produces the greater his loss, it goes without sayine that the volume of unemployff appreciably lessen ed X 1 ' n ,H fo, \- Inasmuch as the price paid n for '^ commodities produced is largely 1 Stated by the outside world it be-j : comes evident that the world price | cannot be raised. The only thing to; tlo ^ n - and reduce the cost of prod^ ' everything possible m the ection of removing" the existing ive "v, R t.n«r mugt fee done_ Our Exportable Wealth:—It is well worth remembering that over 95 pei Cent. of our exportable wealth comes f ro m the soil, and incidentally tnt l man U pon the land is possibly the J ast person in the scheme of things receive consideration from the p0Wers that be. Right throughout he South-West at the present rno ment primary production is not a pay a ble proposition. Farmers #re wj de iy talking of seeking some other avocation • in -- life. The possibility is therefore, that since it would be a calamity for the rest of the State if this were to happen something will be done to prevent it happening. Cheese:—It has often been said— indeed it has become quite a common saying—^that cheese is indigestible, and should therefore be avoided by anyone subject to digestive troubies. In view of the fact that fac- . tories are gradually being opened up in South-Wlest for the manufacture cf cheese, it may be oppoutune to mention, that it has been pointed out recently by medical ex<perts in the Old Country that wheni cheese of choicest quality is matured t is in actual fact more digestible: than many other foods we eat, anc I is often specifically recommended Dvj edical authorities, not only for peopie in normal health, but for those suffering from dietic troubles. . Arguments For and Against Rye- Grass:—During the: last season many ,daymen who tried to establish ryeM grass paddocks became convinced hat this particular grass has been, .considerably over-boomed and over- DCTIMAFCIJ estimated. They TVIPV have l-iAVP drifted awav away to other grasses. A well-known South-Westerner who had had this ex- peri e nce and has just returned from trip to the Eastern States, some' considerabIe portion of which was t in victoria, writes that after s wh t he gaw the he is SOmewhat me doubting as to whether he was quite'^ ht in f ormilje Ja n opinion upon Sfdenc" which he is coming to the ini was insufficient. He states ^ to ^.A* year th evidence i^^„ St is „accumulating at „ eS ,! r^ thdt ; -| perenhia i rye ^ ^ can ^ induced to f w in country which, not so long d ago, was considered quite unsuited to; it. The evidence is not confined to one district or one type of soil. It ls| as definite on the clay areas of thej hinterland, as upon the sandy loams of the coast, and j grey t and black soils; of other • districts. In many cases ii._-i. the A success attained with this fertility loving plant can be attMDUted to its association with subterranean clo-' ver, an undoubted soil improver, and since subterranean clover flourishes exceedingly throughout the South- ; Wlest it would appear that the con-, ditions should in the long run be idea) for perennial rye grass in association with what has been for some time now the staple pasture of these parts In the JEastern Statees it has been found that the clover appears to take charge, for a few years, and then perennial rye grass, originally sown in the mixture, becomes more and more conspicuous. Rrp!lf Hpr^RwwdirfJ Schem^"^ herds were teste^^nd the toteT^umber of cows completing the test was 262\. Of these cows 141 passed the standard. The Commonwealth Bank made available, from the Rural Credit Development Fund, the sum of £1,000 for the purpose of Grade Herd Testing and, in consequence, eight units were organised. These were allocated as shown hereunder:— Donnybrook Serpentine . Cookernup . Harvey . . Brunswick . Dardanup Baling up .. Capel ... . It is believed 517 cows . 470 ,. \- 425- . 396 „ . 559 „ . 405 „ . 396 „ . 520 „ the result of these units that the production of the cows in the districts will be considerably increased, is the opinion expressed by the Director of Agriculture (Mr. G. L. Sutton) during the course of his annual report. Improving Pasture:—That a cosmopolitan plant like subterranean clover does help in the ultimate establishment on" light country of th«> higher producing species of grasses has become common observation." The , collecting nitrogen from the ai« fii^es it in t g e soil and as in the w ial case of the clover mentioned | l tead;i v builds un the supply of! J ^ f the^hani- ^ conditi on of t he soil ana enabling it ^ retain moisture An outstanding example is provided in the experience with philaris tuberosa at the Waite Research Institute in Adelaide. Philaris does not usually prosper when sown with other grasses i or its a 22 ciover inch rainfall, crop, but when at Waite, sown with with 1 subterranean clover, it develops a , satisfactory sward. Another outstanding example is the me persistence, of cocksfoot on the Gippsland hills' when it is associated with the same j clover. Ryegrass sown alone on thej soils of the plains comparatively - quickly runs out, whereas after a' given period it becomes a promising j feature, when sown with clover. The. latter, too, because of its nitrogen fixing attributes, helps perennial rye j grass to keep comparatively green, through cold, .wet winters, while i without it the' sward takes on a rust- 1 ed appearance. 1 Doping Fat Stock:—The Council oft Smithfield fat stock show—the leading ' exhibition of its kind in the world— j announCees there has been malprac- j tice regarding the Galloway steer; Goldflake, which won the supremej championship at the recent Smith-; field show, and the same owner's steer, Mike the Fifth, which won the junior steer championship. Both entries have beep disqualified. After the show both animals were slaughtered, and a post-mortem examination showed that they had been doped with oil of turpentine. A member of the council toi d the "Daily Express" (London) that no blame could be attached to the owner, | Someone had been trying his hand, It was an amateurish job, or it had been done in a tremendous hurry. The _:I U_J I „ oil had been injected with a needie i Cool Your Cream-.—The supplier! who takes a pride in his produce and who continually'aims at securing top be'weU advised to co5l his | £ during warm weather. This houJd be accomplished by the best 1 ans at his COmmand, but for pre- j rence a proper water-cooled cream i w Orator are to be recom-; ^ ^ d e d The low temperature thus i inTd will ouicklv check any bac- j t con ideraWy enhance the keeping <iua- ^ Stirring two or three times a^y te nd to minimise any obj ec tionable "feed" flavours present in the cream, Unhealthy Competition:—It may not be generally known, but it is a fact nevertheless that the quality of I __ij.-- butter being - *— -—' produced j- in 4-i.i^ this ctoM State is -once, more slipping back. For this retrograde step those connected with the industry are holding the Department responsible. We have on seve-, ral occasions remarked upon the in-: adequate policing which this industry) receives, and *it may be as well to. once more record our protest against a condition of affairs which is quite unnecessarily unhealthy. One of the great troubles in connection with the industry is the excessive competition for cream. Instances have been brought under our notice where cream] has been graded as second class, taker. away from the factory so grading and sent a number of miles further afield to another factory, with the result that it was Classed as choice. The dairy farmers knew that their product was not good, but who can blame them ^n^that for somewhat thev' cynically are en- 1 ; tiUed 1 to t^e^very advantage of the conditions as they found them. As soon as a supplier has his cream graded second class, he invariably rushes off to another factory, and in all „ Probability . vr t „ is ^ven^„ be hotter grade, orartf the cream is entitled to. ibis K odi, (mino- on for vears process has Derai going twice in the boutn-vve.t. ^ the Uepartmeni nas ten y , fu has been allowed' the whole business n^^ ^ ^ to lapse, i gjggp tftan be con I t+antlv °on the! alert but bad for tfc^ indiistrv and bad' for the State r diiallv the quality of the cream w not all that could be deJ sired and the. resultant butter cannofc by any means be compared with the'"choice butters produced in the bie factories of the Eastern States where the industry is considered as being something worth protecting not only in the interest of the industry itself, but aiso also in the cne interest interesi of the State. The Department has a clear duty before it, and if one half of the statements which are receiv ine currency are true thai duty is not being done. - 1 j , I The Dairy Produce Bill:—In an ad-, dress which Mr. Main, the Minister for Agriculture, submitted to tht dairy farmers of New South Wales j in conveying tne the compliments oi of the uie New Year to them, he significantly states: "If" evidence be wanted that ithe proposals submitted by the Dairying Industry in Queensland, New J South Wales, and Victoria, are sound in principle, it is found in a statement by the Minister for Commerce to the effect that he is now preparing a marketing scheme to cover all primary jiruuu^iti. products. It 1L is us piupu&eu; proposed that uuti requirements for home markets will be determined and quotas for export fixed on a compulsory basis. While favourable, home markets shoulo thus he assured, primary producers : i ust share the leaner export parity nrices which cannot be controlled bv Government or Boards. That policy it is' suggested, should maintain' local prices at such a level as tc render unnecessary Government assfetance, as in the case of Wheat, This is all ve asked for. and obtained for the dairying industry—provision that everyone should take his; fair share of this market, and the f uncertain and less remunerative market overseas." Registration of Bulls:-Due to the neficial influence of the "Dairy Cattle Improvement Act" the percentage of registered purebred bulls has risen*from 23 per ?nt. in 1924^ to 58 per cent, m 1932. Largely as the result of this improvement in the pto- ductivity factor of the bulls used there his been a continuous improve-c ment ln the average milk production n of the cows in the State. This has q risen from 217, gallons per annum in ^nt., Diritof^fA^uSi^ SUtt ° n ' ^ g Director of Agncuiturt. _ Itabbitsf—One grazier on the wfceat belt estimates that since 1932 he has killed 9,000 rabbits. He estimates that five rabbits eat as much as on ® sheep. If this estimate is correct that 9,000 rabbits would have consumed enough food to keep 1£500 sMep. In one year 9,000 rabbits woiild increase to 100,000. These simple facts are mentioned to impress upon .all farmers in the Southenemies. West that It rabbits is the duty are of their every deadly man ( on the land to destroy the peste on any and every opportunity, otherwise there is not the slightest doubt that m the course of a very few years they will completely, over-run the South-West. j Dairy vPactories:—Mr. G. L. Sutton, the Director of Agriculture states that in an endeavour to improve the quality of the butter the officers of c the Dairy Branch hive had to In-p crease- the supervision over a num- ber of factories. i At the present time the following dairy»factories are operating in thej State:— Butter factories 16 ( Cream depots Condensed milk factories oneese Cheese WCWIJ 'factory , 'l j Two new and well-equipped butter ' actories. were built during the year ^ one Searwood for Messrs. Watson SOT, and the other at Manjimup for the Manjimup Dairy Produce Com-;— pany Limited- 't Bloat:—A correspondent writes a tating that he has heard several sug- v gestions for the treatment of bloat a or hoven in dairy cattle. bdt has found the following simple methods to be effective in the majority of cases. As mbst —— farmers are — - aware bloat , is caused by turning hungry cattle onto succulent, green feed, such as lu-. cerne, etc., particularly if the crop is wet with ram or dew. The trouble jo is yuw caused by the accumulation .—•, -— ot — large quantities of gas in the rumen or paunch, and the aim of any method of treatment is to get nd of that gas. I have founa that in mild cases, keeping the mouth open witb a gag or piece of wool helps the beast to get rid of most of it by belching, The internal administration of 1 oa. of bicarbonate of soda arid I oz. of ginger is sometimes useful, and may be repeated in a few honra jf necessary. Only in a very serious case should puncture of the paunch have to be resorted to. Grading:—The rapid strides made a the improvement of butter making machinery, together with- advanced scientific'methods, had enabled Tnost modern factories W. M. Dowpes a South Australian dairy instructor in ^ £ on this unportent tunately g ^ ^ ^ J ^ t l v H - ' though^ it had been—does not ototome the grading P^blem^nor^the ecessity to teep up the standard of uality by this means In order that fecton^ W^uccessfully compete gers - a ^o .may ^ a rade alTcream received and there ^'b doubt that a ^ percentage of t cream> mediocre in quality, previously 1 r ^ f or as "choice," will be reduced either first ov seC0nd grade. A i supplier who receives notice that his,w cream is of inferior quality feels upset> besi(ies having to accept a lower t rate for his produce. He may think!t tbat being treated with unduei ^arstness by the factory, but there is! ugua^y a very good reason for his la cream bei ng graded down. fe ttie man who is our sympathies making a genuine extend ef-l to i fort improve the quality of his! " cream> it mu£t not be assumed that the f actory grader is at fault. In-! discriminate grading down of cream wouj d quickly result in a depleted supply, which would not be in .,the best 'interests of the factory concerned. In warm weather it will be more difficult for some suppliers to onsistently receive tire top grade rice for their cream, unless they adopt the necessary measures to ensure that- their produce is of sound quality. GorrJedalei—'The Corriedale appears to "be becoming increasingly popular in the South-West, and, it is contended, has supplied a long-felt want ooking among to tneir graziers, annual wool who, cneques whilst looking to their annual wool cheques as ^ princip a i source of income, ^ to suppiement this revehufe by tha iale of fat sheep and lambs, ^ breed Js now in extensive use t onJy throughout Australia, but hroughout South America, Japan nd South Africa. The Japanese Goernment, after experimenting with p ll breeds of sheep, now confine attentwn exclusively the Corriedale and'make extensive and regular purchases from , the leading stud stocks. of Australia. .. . . .. „ . The Advantage of Sheep:—llur&tg; tbe <jo«rse_of^ his ^peecheseqnnection with ins candidatare for the w cancy in tfee I^sfetive Council Mr. ( Leslie Craig — demonstrated beyond'r \- , f question that he possesses « cultural mmd. The major p<u*ion ofw his utterance was dented te, jme-. -blems affecting the man the . land. He stressed a fact which has| been frequently emphasised in few* columns that the entire future of the Province is wrapped up in agricultural development. IncidentaUy Mr. Craig- strongly advocated that every farmer should devote a certain porturn of his energies to sheep. He pointed out that not only under existing circumstances was there mpre money in sheep, but the devottoniof* considerable part of the farmer'* eneipes to sheep enabled him suffi- ^ent time to develop his ^pert^ ^ J f S S J S S l ': were one-thfrd developed, othe^ W thirdg deve!oped. ThT development \- ^ wa6 not ^ this Standi. The work attached to dairying Was so heavy and continD- W and constituted «uch a binding ' . t ail ow time fo** witfaS wSofLnhis land and blSir num g°^ nto prod^1^V lf on SS « * K S off a S^SSSTi£ ^ y worms. Mr, ». N. Johnstone, Vic oria, Bachelor of Veterinary Science, ecently gave some very useful advice as to the best means of «>mlbatng this menace. He said that rcoad orms which invade the stomaA or sheep, are a source of great trouble o the farmer, and sometimes lean o very serious loss. Where a safvere outbreak occurs it is Jby no means nncommon for half of the Iambs t» die nd for the remaindertobe so stontd in growth that their market tatae s greatly reduced. Moreover, the ewes and oher; grown snera, may not altogether safe. * The disease usually is encountered on heavy pas* ture, and low wet land Is generally thought to favour it. Although then may be some support for this theory^ there is no doubt that, at timca, sheep in the dryest of pastures may suffer - badly. As -with all diseases, and particularly with those c&used; by parasites, heavy stocking is an important factor—indeed the condition cannot occur without a certain measure of overcrowding. In some parts formers have, given some attention to the -improvement of their pastures by along suitable with manuring, the increased only to teheep-carrying capacity, intestinal parasites have find tt^t become so- numerous as to harm the lambs. W!hile the pasture remained poor, the scattering of the sheep prevented heavy infestation. • Tbe Quality of Our Cream*—Discussing the effects that the extenaion of!"! bave on the quality of ihe cream tied to the factoriee Mr. 3Les " : i l i p L t O f ! " w^iiini not ^nly ^ — but, would also hayc ^be effect improving the ^aait^ of the eteam supplied, ^fceitt %|io geWng away from the feci, be remaifced, that the quality ef cjttm'' supplied in the S&uth-West; is not up to . standard ^ ^ by any means. By W- i«g . 1|LJ,., fcg green green grajss grass provided provided aU al ound the quality should tpeymr inqmnre D • ,!,„ - ,, Ji t, „ . arked that from the Fembei^an^swess^TOe same pomt a ^ stotes ttat mu» W tCtontuwea oa rage (Continual) the cream supplied from that di^t, at the present moment is of a ver low standard indeed. Dairying Statistics:—The Directoi of Agriculture (Mr. G. L. Sutton) states that during the year the remarkable progress of the dairy industry has continued, as will be realised from the undermentioned figures :— (M O O OJ C> t- O O M W « eo *"1 00 to ih" us oo jo" t> v » t- N H H or N N Cl H H rf co CO .-T OS to C- M CO oo lO C5 C- ,-1 T-l « H io w. . a a> w o a CO CO CD > «Too" S ® w a? ( TO ft S* e ¥ ~ . ® \- c -O . - j w S -2 J) w s sz c « « - 3 3 w be w fS C 0> CO . 3 = X O .S o! siSoofc di '•8 to c< V C ** « "JS« w Unfortunately, the value of i dairy produce, particularly butter, continued to fall during the year, the local price of butter-fat falling to did. per lb. This is the lowest recorded since 1914. The export of butter increased from 1,397,448 lbs. in 1931/32 to 2,280,448 lbs. in 1932/33. The whole of this butter was graded by officers of the dairy branch on behalf of the Commonweealth ' Department ~ * of ' Commerce. The grading was as follows: % Choice .. ... 0.97 First quality 64.08 Second qaulity 30.15 Pastry 4.79 From the small percentage . of "choice" quality it is obvious that there is considerable room for improvement. To achieve this it will be necessary for factories to give stricter attention to grading, and to pay strictly according to grade, and thus provide the necessary incentive for farmers to produce cream of the best quality. Irrigation Has Come To Stay:—"1 am satisfied," remarked Mr. Craig during the course of his election address when in Bunbury, "that irrigation in the South-West has come to 1 stay. The part which irrigation plays may be said to be peculiar in some respects. It *is a success to the individual, but not to the State. There is no question as to the effect it has in developing a country. If anyone doubts this it is only necessary to go to Harvey. It is not necessary to have a personal: knowledge of the effect of this development after a visit to that centre. Land under irrigation is worth £30 an acre, while land across the road which has not the advantage of the water supply is available for £5 an acre.. Confidence in .what irrigation will do is spread ing. In the district that will be provided with water from the Collie/ scheme the farmers are commencing to realise that irrigation will do for 'them what nothing else will do as regards the dairying industry." Organised Marketing:—Organised marketing of primary produce is being much discussal throughout the South-West at the present time. The condition' of the market generally is forcing the farmers to seek for intelligent reasons as to why certain conditions prevail. Organised marketing of all kinds of produce is gradually becoming recognised as essential to success. Free competition Inevitably leads to instability, writes a correspondent in the course of a thoughtful letter on this subject. The primary producer labours under the disadvantage that he lacks the organisation enjoyed by those engaged in other industries. Much to-day is heard of the term "orderly marketing." The expression first came into use during the years when the American Farm Bureau Federation was being organised—1919-21.' The term is riot a simple mathematical formula for solving primary producer's marketing problems, but implies in a general way price < stabilisation through control of the flow of the product to market. In the liberal sense, it may be defined as the marketing of the commodity at the right time and place, in the right quality and quantity. "Parliamentary Difficulties:—A correspondent writing with reference to the effort which has been put in hand by Mr. Mann, of Busselton, with a view of securing concerted action os the part of the members of Parliament representing the South-West concerning the crisis through which the State is passing in regard to the price of butter-fat says that he understands . that by the time this paper has gone to press that the meeting "Will have been held, but while he most strongly commends Mr. Mann foir the action which he set on foot he doubts if any good will come of it. Tie South-Western' representatives, life says, have never pulled together, fiijd, in consequence, the district has to face difficulties with which it slipuld never have been presented. I understand, he says that if Mr. W&nn;'s views are .carried into effect ffakt the Parliamentarians will next sejpk contact with the manufacturers, it is possible that if the movement gets that ^ar that something will then be done. I am not criticising Mr. Mann—as a matter of fact I am warmly in hope that something effec- Lve will result from his effort, but he South-Western team of politicians' S riot strong, neither is it a fighting! force. < , I Several Types of Worms:—Several kinds of worms occur in the sheepV stomach, to one most frequently seen because of its greater size being the "twisted wire worm." (Haemonchus contortus) writes Mr. R. N. Johnstone B.V.Sc. This worm measures from three- quarters to one and a quarter inches in length, ad is a lit-' tie thinner than an ordinary pin. In colour it is a little darker than the stomach wall, and is tinged with red—. due to the blood which it has taken from the sheep. The female worm is the larger, and has a twisted bar-; ber's pole appearance, owing to the fact that the red intestine is twisted around other .internal parts, which ire white. It is tapered at both ends. The male worm is smaller, and does not present the twisted appearance, but carries a broad membranous portion at one end. If the fourth stomach of an affected sheep is opened soon after death these worms may be seen moving about in large numbers, and many will be found closely attached to the walls of the stomach, Injury to the sheep is caused by the actual loss of the blood, by indigestion resulting from the irritation of the lining of the stomach, and by the absorption of a poison which the worms secrete. j Immigration:—Mr. Leslie Craig indirectly referred to the Group Settlements Scheme during the course of fais addresses. He remarked that in his opinion there would have to be a distinct alteration in the attitude of the people of this State to immigrants of the future. If the British Government wanted to send any further people over here the proper attitude for Western Australia to taKe would be. "We will welcome the people that you are prepared to send over. To show that we are genuine: this statement we are prepared to; jply the officers to supervise the / operations of these settlers. We will!s give the land on which they are prepared to settle. But, when all is said and done, you, the British Go-1 V€rnment will'have'to be financially i responsible. You will have to carry! the baby, so to speak. The reason is! that we cannot afford to do that, j After all we are only a comparatively paltry 450,000 people—men, women, I and children—and we cannot afford ^ to hamper ourselves with millios of j pounds of liability in connection with a movement which never has, and possibly never will be, successful, m' the history of the world. J Sheep versus Cows:—It seems to' 1 me, remarked Mr. Leslie Craig, dur-j ing the course of one ol his addresses i that we people of Australia have a j unique opportunity in regard to wool, "Most countries of the world can produce 4 butter-fat. It is as easy as wink-! ing to so direct the energies of the, people that in the course of a short; time they are self supporting in this j regard, and from then on they pro-j duce a surplus which can be sold. In other lands. But the same thing does! r.ot apply to fine wool: We people of Australia have a unique mate in this! regard. This is the only country in the world that can produce fine wool. I This was pointed out to me during . a trip to London when I attended an j agricultural conference. I was thei.j told that Australia need never be! afraid of South Africa in the finejn wool trade. The climate of this coun-j try gave to us this advantage that! nothing could take away. It seems J to me that it is possible for us to turn. this opportunity to its fullest advan-j tage. We have a monopoly that no-i thing could take away, and we should ] devote ourselves more than we ai-e doing to ite • fi^ development." Sheep Breeding:-The principle! that like begets like is the most generally accepted theory of breeding, states Mr. H. Kelly, of South Australia. There are exceptions to this rule, but generally speaking it is a sound basis upon which to work. If a breeder consistently culls inferior IMIUt animals MI11UOM -from ilUW his dams, ana SUU chooses for sires those showing { prominently the characteristics he requires, he must substantially improve ' his flock. When choosing a sire it is j alwayB wise to buy him as nearly as; possible in a natural condition. Many' young rams are so artificially forced that their development appears ab-j normal; but often this rate of development does not continue. The mis-j take is often made of buying at'm shows, precocious youngsters, whose: development is the result of extreme! forcing. If the beginner in sheep J breeding can attain a critical eye for; points of frame, constitution, and | style of carriage, and distinguish be-l tween fat and flesh, he will soon know how to choose a sire to improve' hi.; flock. j Price the Great Regulator:— 1 We!^ cannot get away from the fact that| ia all forms of primary production price is the great regulator, writes a most thoughtful contributor. The law of supply and demand never abdicates its throne. When saturation point is reached in consumer demand, whether it is butter-fat, potatoes, or j any other commodity, a lower price will register that fact. The difficul- ties that confront every primary producer at the present time are ad-i mittedly great, always provided that i he has not seen the writing on the wall and cultivated a flock of sbeep to! stand him over his difficulties. No] grower can blind himself to the fact | that only by collective, consistent, and effective organisation can he obtain the best result for his labour. Better methods of production, better grading of goods, more direct and economical marketing, better machinery of finance and credit, better publicity, oversight of distributive charges, study of competitors' methods, and study of markets, can all assist towards a solution, and this can only be effectively accomplished by organisation of producers. Dairying: Does Not Pay, Says Mr. Craig:—Mr. Leslie Craig during the course of his address quoted a number of interesting statistics connected with the dairying industry, 'the upshot of which was to show that dairying with the present price of butterfat and with the quality of cattle ob-i taining in this State, at the moment. does not pay. He argued that taking the leading statistics as a guide, the ordinary farmer who collected his cattle in the usual way and brought] them in for milking, milked the cattle j by hand, and and then turned them J out, afterwards separting the resul-j tant milk, earned as the price of his! labour 8d. per hour. This made no l provision whatever for the capital cost of his farm, or the cost of laying down and maintaining pastures, neither did ft provide in any way) f^r the cost of super. Therefore, he | argued, there was little doubt that dairying does not pay, and equally little doubt that it would pay the average farmer to devote more attention to sheep than had been his practice in the past. The Primary Prober's Handicap —Commenting upon the efforts which have been made by Mr. J. Mann M.L.C. to co- ordinate the strength oi the Parliamentary representatives or the Sbuth- Western group a very thoughtful South-Western dairy fairoer chatting to a representative of this paper sai dthat it was vitally in the interest of the South-West thai something should be done in the direction indicated. In his opinion the lot of the primary producer could not go on at at present. The price of butter-fat to-day was infinitely worse than the price of wheat. It was obvious'that indifferent organisation was the sole cause of the position, Queensland bad got over the difficulty, and why not Western Austra-* lia. . It seemed a pity that. the Act under which Queensland was working did not seem to b^ available. Our trouble in Western Australia war want of organisation, and apparently mutual distrust among the primary producers. It had been well said that the obvious handicaps under which the primary producer laboured, were that while other branches of industry had reached relatively high stages of organisation, and were therefore able to gain advantage over the farmer lie suffered by reason of no fully organised effort. The Tendency of the Farmer:—It was an extraordinary thing, continued our informant, that the farmer oi growers were so loath to aecept organised methods of marketing? Caref" 1 , investigation showed that -their habit "of life created d definite spirit of individualism. The tendency of farming is to foster self-reliance. The man- who controls the use of a tract of who decides the nature and ^ d of all the processes of cultiva- ; tKm must de P end upon his own 3udgment. He may and often does, consuit with his fellow growers but instmctively he acquires a habit of m- dependent action, and of general selfufficiency. In short the bias of the grower's mind is individualistic For these reasons the idea of combining with others m business transactions.. and in some degree surrendering his independence is not congenial. Cooperation or organised effort with others can* only be advocated as a Illness proposition on the ground that it will secure by collective effort finite trading economic advantages, Agriculture Is A Business:—One of jthe definite advantages which may re- :sujt from the present crisis, continued our informant, is that it will possibly become recpgnised in the South-West that farm .or orchard management has two t distinct branches—practical farming and business organisation. Agriculture is primarily a business. It has sometimes been described as an art, and >a science, but' though its pursuit in- Volves technical skill it does not differ in that respect from many other industries. Whether the grower wins from the soil only the means of sustenance for himself and his family, or an excess of products for exchange or sale, his object is to make an income in kind or cash, which is the .'object of all who engage in business With so many units in production. 'with such diversity of character and thought, the trouble arises in making growers appreciate the fact that they are virtually shareholders in a busiess with others, and that unless they combine, or organise, they become definite competitors. Especially is this so in the case of the small grower whose stake in the particular commodity is small. free Competition—Free competitjon> jje continued," leads inevitably L0 instability because stability is unpossible without planning, and plan- ™ 1^ ] s impossible witfc such anumber of unknown factory as free competition involves. To plan a marketing programme demands rare skill, but where competition is free, it is impossible, for your, plans are dependent upon the knowledge of the supply and demand of your market both of which are beyond your con- 0 Principal Cream Taints:—The principal faults noticed in local cream are chiefly due to defects in flavour, stated Mr. W. H. Downes a'South Australian dairying instructor, during the course of an informative address on this important subject. These can be summarised as follows:— Stale Flavour.—This is one of the ost common defects noticed in South Australia, and is chiefly re-j sponsible for the fact tht our butters have not enjoyed the best reputation in past seasons. It is due naturally to the fact that cream is kept far too ong on the farm before being delivered to the factory. Occasionally it is bordering on rancidity by the time it roaches its destination. While transport difficulties and small sup- P lies j> f cream may be to blame for a £ ood Proportion of this trouble, they are not responsible for all of it; quite often it could have been avoided If suppliers as a whole would realise the necessity of forwarding their cream in as fresh a condition as pos-< sible. This point will easily -bear stressing, because by so , doing the producer will greatly assist the factory in the production of a better ar "rYY S"™""'"" ~ ticlf> a « well as enhancing his pros- Pects of ^receiving choice ^ prices i c0nsistentl y- Feed Flowers or Fodder Taints.— All green fodders when fed to cows have the effect of tainting milk to a certain extent, while some are mild and not unpleasant, others are strong and objectionable. It is advisable, where possible, to avoid feeding cows on fodder of a strongly tainting tendency provided the milk supply is not seriously affected by so doing. Nevertheless, this cannot always be avoided particularly as much of the South- Eastern pastures contain a big sprinkling of clovers. Under these circumstances the potency of" these flavours may be reduced considerably by judicious feeding, . aeration and stirring. By turning cows into pastures of this type immediately after milking, removing them a'few hours before the next milking and by cooling and aerating cream as well as stirring it daily, a vast improvement j.? ^ flavour wiii ** ^mediately no- I ticed ' Absorbed Flavours.—It is surprising how quickly cream absorbs ana retains certain odours, especially when articles possessing pungent aromas are placed near it. Probably the best point to illustrate this tendency is the fact that timber used in butter boxes must be carefylly selected and free from any resinuous smell cr timber taint. It is essential, therefore, that cream should be kept a reasonable distance away from anything likely to affect the flavour in this way. Sour Or Over-Ripe.—This flavour. is due to the presence of too much lactic acid. -Factors responsible for its occurrence are too low a test, warm conditions, and age. In the course of a litle time a stale arid cheesy flavour usually develops. Fermented Flavour.—This may 'oe due to several causes, the chief of which are:—Cream kept too long; not in the best condition, particularly if it is low in butter-fat test; mixing together cream of different temperatures before the warmest has cooled sufficiently; using a separator twice a day and only washing it once, or, if washed on each occasion, the washing and scalding of the vrious parts is inefficiently done; keeping the afternoon's milk, overnight and heating it up the following morning for the purpose of .separating. Tallowy Flavour.—This is a chemical taint noticed most commonly during warm weather. Though not confined to creams of high test it is, however, more frequently found in cream high in butter-fat content. It develops as a result of cream becoming exposed to heat, or being air dried on the surface, as a consequence of which the chemical nature of tnc butter-fat is permanently altered. Ii usually becomes more pronounced with age, and the process of pasteurisation, rather lhan producing an iranrovement tends to increase this defect. Metallic" Flavour.—This is anothei chemical flavour usually, though 'not always, associated with low testing cream. It is produced as a result of the lactic acid contained in the cream coming into contact witn certain metals. It will rarely occur if the separator parts and other untensiis are well tinned and kept well washed Any neglect in either direction will soon produce this characteristic taint which is another flavour that cannot be removed by pasteurisation. While the various taints in ci-ean-. have been described singly, it is quite possible for cream to possess a combination of two or more flavours, such as stale and tallowy, or sour and fermented, the nature and extent of which will naturally depend upon the conditions under which it was produced the treatment it receives on tne farm, and the method of delivery. Australian Conditions:— Again there has been no change in any of the metropolitan butter markets, and this is only to be expected in view, firstly, of the interval occupied by the holidays and secondly by the fact thai the price of salted "Kangaroo" in London has continued unaltered, states a leading Sydney authority. New South Wales Conditions:—In this State while production in some of the inland centres is showing a seasonal decline, along the coastal strip it continues to mount and as a result arrivals again this week are much heavier than they were during the corresponding period of last year. It is expected that peak production will be reached in New South Walet, during the currency of the present month, but even if the collective output be maintained at the present leyel the total arrivals for the month should be much ahead of what they were during last January. The local market is suffering from "the morning after the night before" effects, and the post-holiday feeling is shown* by a slacking in die demand for dairy produce generally. Grocers are just stocking up to cover their immediate requirements and business is not likely to return to normal until next week. In Sydney and the suburbs there are a large number of families away holiday-making and their cumulative absence is reflected in the lessened demand made on the grocers' stocks of butter and the latter consequently are buying less. ! Queensland Conditions:—In Queensland production is fairly romping i uliead, but it will be some weeks yet before the peak is reached. Heavy rains in the North and South Coast districts with good rains in other dairying centres, coupled with mild temperatures, have set the stage for a record season. Evidence of this is found in the gradings and shipments which grow weekly. Victorian Conditions:—In Victorian while the weather was warm and humid last week, production, although showing a seasonal decline, is not descending in such a sharp curve as it did last year. For the fourth week of December the ""arrivals at Melbourne were 40 tons lower than for the previous week, but that figure compares favourably with the corresponding week of the previous year, when the decline registered was 80 tons. No change took place in the local price, but a little f.o.b'. business was done on the oard's minimum of 74/7 a cwt. South Australian Conditions:—In South Australia, production is declining rapidly, and the export consists of grades below choicest, the latter being required to fill local trade re-; quirements. In ^Western Australia, des pite cool weather with light rains in the extreme South-West, production continues to fall «ff. London Market:—The London butter market shows no change on last week's ruling rate of 67/ for salted Kangaroo." Arrivals during Christr»ar week were the heaviest on record this season and amounted to 12„107 tons, of this amount Australia was responsible for 4,027 tons, New Zealand for 4,725 and Denmark for 1,950. Stocks on December 23 held in cool room in the United Kingdom amounted to a total of 10,000 tons, made up of 312,000 fcoxeg and 47,000 casks. Butter afloat on Saturday, December 20, amounted to 1,295,431 boxes, made up of 526,519 from Australia, 738,132 from New Zealand and 3G,730 from Argentine. A week previous the total was 1,088,589 boxes and for the same week of 1932 1,164,- 358 boxes. London Conditions:—The Dairy Produce Export Board on Friday received a cablegram from its London representative stating that the London butter market is dull. Sales of Australian butter in the United Kingdom during the week ended January 2, were 96,000 boxes at an average price of 67/9 per cwt. for salted "Kangaroo" brand and 70/ ffer unsalted. On January 4 Danish butter was quoted at 91/ per cwt., New Zealand at 66/ to 67/, salted Kangaroo at 66/, first grade at 65/, and unsalted Kangaroo at 68/ to 70/. Retail prices were:—Danish, 1/, and Empire butter, 8d. to lOd. per lb. Unsold stocks of Australian consignments are 188j000 boxes, and the quantity of Australian butter in Hay's Wlharf stores is 113,000 boxes. New Zealand butter stocks are 119,000 boxes The cheese market is steady. New Zealand white is quoted at 48/ to 48/6 per cwt., coloured at 44/ to 44/6; Australian white, at 46/ to 47/, and coloured at 42/ to 44/. Price a year ago. 99/ a cwt. Australian Exports:—-Export of Australian butter to the XJnite# King- dom during the week ended, Decernber, * 30,- 1933, represented 67,869 boxes. Victoria and Tasmania sent 17,421 boxes, New South Wales 12,995 boxes, Queensland 35,135 boxes, South Australia 1207 boxes and West Australia 470 boxes. Cheese shipments were 713 crates from Victoria and 850 crates from South Australia. In the same period 123,170 boxes of sahed and 14,389 boxes of unsalted butter were graded for export. Telegraphic advice received by the board states that in Queensland light to heavy rains have fallen in all districtr, and the production is increasing more steadily. Larger quantities are manufactured in New South Wales, but in South Australia, owing to. warm weather, supplies are diminishing. Choicest butter is very scarce* In West Australia output is falling, and in Tasmania hot dryj weather and a caterpillar plague are causing a rapid reduction m supplies. J e w South Wales Pr.ces:-Price 114/10 a cwt. Price a year ago, 132/ a • ^ « V 4.- \- V £ t £ ian in Melbourne have been reduced by 4/g.per cwt., following a further fall In London prices The local market is very depressed, and most buyers, opeiate cautiously. On Monday Aus-; trahan butter, was quoteoi at, 64/ a; cwt. m London. In Melbourne yes- S S ^ ^ S J S ^ a f t n cwt. •n ^ ] South Australian Conditions: ter production again showed a fur- 93^4 a cwt., and other grades at con- CCSS?OTIS. l Queensland Prices:—Price, 126/ aj2 cwt. Tasmanian Prices:—Price, 98/ ther seasonal decline although the proportion of top grades was better than for — several weeks past. There . was again a considerable surplus of lower lower grades arrades packed packed for for London, London, ana and they will go forward as soon as freight is arranged. All the c h o i c lines being now manufactured in this State are required for local trade Price, 119/ a cwt. ; 8 i 