Church And People - - Y.M.C.A.'s Greatest Leader Dr. John R. Mott, World Citizen I By the Rev. C. Irving Benson fiE World's Student Christian , Federation will observe, tomorrow as a special day of prayer for , students. The Federation was founded by Dr. John R. Mott. forty years ago, and he is the history of the Federation, . Mir Basil Matthews' has just written the life story of this Christian Apostle, who will be known in the I nistory oj inc cnurcn as the chairman and pioneer I of the International. Missionary Council, as the greatest leader the . I yAf.C./l. has ever known, and as the founder of the Student Federa- I IlOtt. I Among the men who visited Victoria L the middle years, no one made a L„re abiding impression on the rcll- Lus community than the Rev. William Taylor, popularly called "California" Iraylor. A tall, commanding figure with bowing black beard— he was a man of (L) a prophet preacher, who proclaim- ITjhe truth with clearness and vigor E plain, nervous English, albolt with En American accent His homely speech S.j, ppppcrcd with quaint surprises, but Ite important thing Is that he carried Kinvlction in the minds of crowds who bothered to hear him, and ninny of the Elder generation testify that they own their Christianity to him. I When John R. Mott was a boy of live, Taylor, who by that time was a Bm.hnn. visited' the I town of Postvillo, . llown, and, like alt the visiting I preachers, presid- ni ciders and "circuit riders,' he stayed,, at the hospitable home of the Motts. Hta black beard had turned white, and |as the old saint conducted family | worship, the five- |year - old John | asked in a stage I whisper, "Is that I God?" . | Mr Basil Mat- thews tells this incident In his bio- I graphical study of "John R. Mott," pub lished by the Student Christian Move- Iment Mr Matthews writes as a hero Worshipper, but he has a man of heroic proportions for his subject. Early Contacts John R. Mott came of the stock of pioneer lumbermen. His father, a man of strong business sense and immense industry, set up n lumber business at PostvUle in 1867. His mother was a hard-working woman, as all women word in the simple pioneering 'days. She was al ways working,, but never betraying a sense of hurry or of pressure, and al ways with leisure to help others. She found time to indulge her love of books and lowers. Her son derives not a little of his power from his mother, who radiated In her home a blend of kindli ness, decision, untiring industry and quietness of spirit. At this time the rolling virgin prairie around PostvUle was being occupied and cultivated by German, Norwegian, Swedish, Danish, Finnish, Hungarian, and other immigrants. The boy John was thus brought into early contact in actual business affairs with men of vari ous nationalities and had many friends among them. His father entrusted him with the keeping of the books and the settling of bills. To that whole training he undoubtedly owes much of his business grasp of detail, financial realism, sense of order, and his dis cernment and tact in handling diverse people of many nations. A Quaker Saint A< fruitful winter was thatof 1887. for there came to Pbstvillc, Mr;J. W. Dean, thp Secretary of the State Committee of the Y.M.C.A. He was a Quaker. His life was one of greet; reality, and he was saturated with knowledge of. the Bible. He made' Httle 'ef a central office desk and chair/ but tried to make his in fluence felt among' the young manhood and young boyhood . of the State by moving constantly among them. The meetings, which he conducted created in John, at. the age of 13, the first con scious Impulses of religious life. . It was of critical importance to the future, of the boy during his early teens that the Methodist pastor In PostvUle was a man of a really distinctive quality of mind and spirit who cultivated John ana creeiea m .mm a : trcunwi uvsire go to' college and get a' higher educa tion. .The 16-year-old boy In the year 1881 set out from home to become, for four years, a student at Upper . Iowa University. He was a good student who made a name for himself in the Debat ing Society. His speeches, which were published In the College magazine, show a grasp of argument and felicity of ex pression altogether remarkable for a youth in his teens. It was during this period that he became a working Chris tian. From Fayette he went on to Cor nell University, where his ambition was to get a broad education, test the bent and faculties of 'his mind and find out where his power lay. Cricketer- Evangelist A lasting impression was made upon him by Mr J. Kynaston Studd, the famous cricketer (now Sir Kynaston Studd, cx-Lord Mayor 8f London), who visited a number of American Univer sities under the auspices of the Inter national Y.M.C.A. He spoke to the stu dents, challenging them with the Chris tian adventure, and Mott sought a per sonal interview with him. He vry wisely directed Mott not to rely on any dogmatic conclusions arrived at by other people, .whether crecdal or otherwise, but pointed him back to original sources, directing him, on the one hand, to study his New Testament, and on the other hand in particular, to place his reliance upon a personal relationship with Christ jfor the guidance of his life. I "Studd," he said, "in a most discerning and sympathetic way. made me see the reasonableness of consulting for myself; the source book of Christianity, the New Testament, and helped mo to see the wisdom of using my t will to follow the gleam of light leading ChriBt's way." Mott became a power in the CoUegQ Y.M.C.A., and a ' group' of them began visiting prisoners in the local gaol. In! a letter to hts mother about this time he wrote: "My own spirit says, 'You are gifted for the legal profession— by work you can achieve eminence in that field —friends whom you respect tell you you are meant for that work.- Therefore, go in and win! ... On the other hand there is a still small voice saying, 'Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature— the harvest is great but the laborers are few— he who would save his life shall lose it, but he who would lose his life for my sake the same shall save it.' " Student Volunteers During one of his vacations he attended a Student Conference at Mount Her- mon called by D. L, Moody. He went, because as He explained to his father, "I- am just hungering and thirsting to come in contact with a man who will set me on the right track for the souls around me." 'Out of that Conference 100 volunteers offered for Foreign Missionary work, and thus began the. Student Volun teer Movement for Foreign Missions, over 13,000 of whose members have been thrust forth Into all the mission fields of the world. While he was president of the associa tion at Cornell he collected 50,000 dol. to build a worthy home for It in the centre of the University campus. It became apparent to the direc tors of the association that Mott was built for leadership on a national scale. After many re fusals' he accepted a commission to visit American Universities in the in terests of the association, but "just for one year and no more"! He was, how ever, persuaded to continue for a second year, during which he went to and fro across the United States and Canada, visiting hundreds upon hundreds of col leges and universities, repeatedly work ing out and then testing fresh methods of work among students. In the summer of 1891, he took his first voyage across the Atlantic. Through his attendance at the conference in Am sterdam of the World's Alliance of Young Men's Christian Associations, the head quarters of 'which is at Geneva, he made contacts and began to mature some of the thoughts that were to lead within four years to what may be regarded as his greatest creative achievement, the World's Student Christian Federation. A Spiritual Telegraph 1 The thought that was in his mind was similar in principle to that expressed in a vivid sentence of Gladstone's which Mott frequently quoted.' It was spoken In a lecture on "The Work of Univer sities," and described the influence of the universities of the Middle Ages in the following terms:— "They established, so to speak, a tele graph of the mind: and all the elements of intellectual culture, scattered through out Europe, were brought by them into near communion. They established a 'brotherhood of the understanding." In a world broken by racial and na tional divisions and without a common medium of Latin which the Middle Ages enjoyed, Mott envisaged a world federa tion of Christian students that would establish a telegraph in things spiritual, and would give to groups of students in each country the benefit of the experi ence of similar societies in all other lands. In 1894 Mott crossed me Atlantic again to render special service to the Student Christian Movement in Great Britain. Later in the year, a Student Conference was. held in the sixteenth- century castle at Vadstena, on the shore of Lake Vat- tern In Sweden, and there the World Federation was actually born. Then Mott began to circle the globe planting the Student Movement over the five conti nents. A Missionary Ulysses From 1898— when he was in his early thirties— to 1915 he was in charge of the foreign work of the Young Men's Christian Association, and has been largely responsible for the world out reach of that organisation. During these years he made tours around the world 'and to many different countries, chiefly for the purpose of rearhlng student groups and enlisting them in the Christian enterprise. During the last 40 years he has travelled 1,700,000 miles, equal to 68 times round the world. And he Is still one of the world's worst sailors! It was Mott who was chairman of that picturesque world's conference of ' Edinburgh in . 1910, when 1300 men gathered to plan the Christianisation of the world. As chairman of the International Mis sionary Council, he toured the world in 1912-1913, helping to set up national committees which should make effective the co-operation begun at Edinburgh. These later grew into the National Christian Councils. He was the organis- ing genius and the presiding officer of the Jerusalem meeting of the Inter national Missionary Council, More than any other one man, he has been respon sible for the co-ordination and co-opera tion of the missionary forces the world around. This Ulysses among missionaries, who is at home in every . country on earth, has lived for the World Mission of Christianity President Wilson twice im plored him to become the American Ambassador to China, but he would not leave his God-given task as Christ's evangelist' to students. He had previously been invited to succeed Wood row Wilson at Princeton University. During the war he worked hard to safeguard German and French missions in areas where their nationals were cut off, All his statesmanship, vision and driving force were taxed by hie other great task, that of bringing physical relief and moral backing, intellectual stimulus and spiritual support to the young combatants on both sides and to the prisoners of war. During the post-war period his energy was dedicated to helping to restore the morale and re-shape the policies of the Christian forces in face of the world situation. All his life he has been turn ing stumbling-blocks . into stepping- stones. Setting Men To Work A great saying of Dr. Mott's Is that "it is better to put ten men to work than to do ten men's work." He has in a remarkable way picked and trained men for leadership, and set them in strategic places across the world. On a conservative estimate Dr. Mott has raised 300,000,000 dol. to carry on this world mission, and there has never been a debt on any of his organisations. One of the best chapters in this biography is that dealing with his raising of money. Mr Basil Matthews has written the gripping story of this great soul, a world citizen, a captain of men and a pioneer of the Kingdom of God. I wish every youth would read it. The intimate details of how he orders his life, plans his davs, economises his time, keeps himself spiritually and physically fit, are worth their weight in radium. Dr. Mott has ever been a student of priorities" —setting first things first— that is why he declined an invitation to meet the Kaiser, because he was too busy winning students in Switzerland. The purpose of this book Is not pri marily to tell the life-story or to paint the portrait of a man; but rather to look at the greatest and most splendid of world tasks through his eyes. Dr. John R. Mott 