SUMMARY. / -.-;/ m American report on co-dltions in |he W EaTSts a new iW* race In the Pacific . on tie outskirts oí Berlin hour non-stop flights. ., 7"n" ivntçkv -he exiled Bolshevist A^^Sfflsfound llvinR in an artists' vlllnRe near mrls. «T, »hut hk refute has been discovered, M. Jfw «ho feaß the vengeance of the , ÄÄ, Is"pectcd to disappear again. i " .i.tio« nf mnorts oí meat is recom JffittVÍA reorganisation commis sion lor fat stock r"mmi>ntlne on the proposal, a London «SA tha. it may have a serious efTect ^Britain's rflatlons with the dominions. ThP BudRCt speech, which will be delivered K,Mr Nevle Chamberlain to-day. is des Sbed'u SÎ most cheerful for a decade. TheSovirt is ralslnpt an internal loan of £3500000)0, with the object o financing the ÍB of the second Flve-Year Plan. Pv,rv vnRC-earner Is required to subscribe ,t least Srce weeks' pay to the loan, which rill not £e redeemable for IG years. Ttritiln's Imports of Danish produce stopped "By at the week-end owing to the marl ttaeitrllte Bt Copenhagen. ! loth Bolivia and ParnRuay claim military «asses In the Oran Chaco campaign, but It »apparent that biß operations are under way. Paraway Is trying to push the Bolivians Air W stronghold, while Bolivia claims ^Paraguayan casualties In the last few days. 'ina broadcast to England, Rear- Admiral ffind stated that the perils of his Antarctic {Am had been greatly exaggerated. ??JLondon journal states that the Centenary .lrrace has resolved Itself Into a struggle for Ejranacy between Britain and the United fules. ¡ The suicide of Henri Rochctte. the French ptadler, has been followed by that of his bother. Gaston. i Ht lett ft letter to his family, saying that ti sas giving them an opportunity of restoring ¿reputation of their name. . Tie Wheat Advisory Committee has drafted I ¡cale oí minimum prices for the various píes oí export wheats. Hie Australian Postmaster-General (Mr. hiMilll) has arrived at New York, and will til Irom Vancouver for Australia on April 25. Although plans for Prince George's visit to (w South Wales arc not yet definite, he lill probably reach Sydney on November 22. After the official landing at Farm Cove, Lid the presentation of addresses of welcome, te Prince will bo driven through the city. ' ¡tay aspects of Government administration Etre criticised at the annual meeting of the ssoclatcd Chambers of Commerce. The president (Mr. A. Spencer Watts) de äsrtd that Government Interference and Mentation, II continued, must taring disaster. Me commercial Interests tamely sub- til«! to their representations being Ignored. t aid. no relief could be expected. Gaumment departments would flounder ti perpetrating blunder after blunder. In te efforts to icctlfv or hide mistakes. Mr Watti claimed that tnde commissioners ti teen appointed In the Eist In direct ps Ita to commercial advice Tit Minister for Commerce (Mr Stewart) ii last night that this charge was un Mcd lit Roval Commission on Taxation rccom ¡K a method'! of simplifying and standardls s taxation liwi , "(Commission also proposes the opp>ölntf E of a special court to review all taxation" Mons ,.. J Tit Utah Commislsoner will discuss pro lals for a minimum export price for wheat W the »heat advisory committee The cro's examination of Rufus Naylor in pease In which he is proceeding against the J.C «as concluded ?*ijlot said he had lent money to manv We to enable them to buy horses but had (Interest In the horses Ft claimed that it was quite a common petite tor people to back horses on behalf I balsers or owners fit Prime Minister of New Zealand (Mr F» has sent a goodwill message to ?Ti! Victorian Cricket Association proposes ?Ja ta match between two Australian teams Vii the Melbourne centenary celebrations B* northern coasts of Australia will pro Pi M patrolled by launches and the Island »ants by seaphne ?H? ^tween counsel for exhibiting and ?J««* interests were a feature of pro ?»9 at the Aim Inquiry EE-sners have acceded to requests by shlp v« tallied beef ¡tor more liberal freight í;lhl,ejaJso agreed to refund freight % Sod conslBnments during an experl U A. Bland, lecturer in public ad *»n at Sydney University, strongly op «w nationalisation of banking. g^n of a Victorian captain in're yioismlssed batsman has proved to bo *7 to the laws of cricket. '«characteristic address, Mr. W. M. «Mared that democracy was well able a «Mi all modern problems. iff0 of the world's troubles, he said, wance, prejudice, clashing interests, ^PollU ry machinory' and l&!loí' S,M" who ls to Inquire into ratilstration of the Child Welfare De ?j; Held a preliminary sitting. *W before the Industrial Commission, g« «mai wages for male and female ''K?.' lntI1cnted that a public Inquiry -^wi into the cost of living of women taMT^cSnnlmon a Riverina grazier ÄL£25° for a llbel Published In a ?i wwspaDer Î2?ÏÏ11n,ent hos decided to dedicate a «lPark°f ab°Ut 13°° ÛCre3 ad_ Äicc,r,<;tarv (Mr Chaffey) said that i» ii" Wales D0,lce force was second *- w the world änatJNew PWmouth New Zetlmd fenced production vesterdav yielded "r"s of crude oil VcTn* °i the stnt* Government '»e Martin place extension Aí? the President of the Legisla n Sd RS0 the Chairman of Com ,I"i take place on April 24 tnL^00ti lecturer in history at n"S,lty ,1a,d llle T deal in the Ja not fulfilled expectations I'fL0^8?105,from a" stQtes nnd V""w Zea'and will attend the filth ^ cancer conference £lt«J Immigrant «ho reached Aus W¡ln away Wn,i sentenced to sW JWsonment pending deportation >ÄCt lnqulry Mrs Violet May de M,W of her liabilities had «ted b\ her husband ^Änd-,MUh ««'"'»««ni. -v young ^witlj robbing her of £295 in a ÍA'"1" the Public Library plajs ! " H ifould mimltV Wni' empllnslsi-tl "** SrW. ^nunlincations for li ;ÄedVFoVil0m 0ld °n the q»ÄLl?0!,tly nne wlt» modelitç ?^ st.?,« temperatures fresh west- 's« tahi.L?6ln on u,c south-weotein *W «SA e,!tc»dlnR to he far 5» trw "r"wl.ï mo,itly fl»c a cold '«ids ^ *e,southein Mchlands '*fi?SatrattaB frore,"«o"ß and liÜi lnclex appears on page 10 