BRITAIN'S SONS AND TRADE KYOGLSS, Tuesday. Stating that it was time to refute the ridiculous beliefs cur rent in England regarding Aus tralia, Mr. G. W. Hillyard, at yesterday's meeting of the Ky ogle branch of the Primary Pro ducers' Union, moved that the central executive be asked to use its best endeavours to have the Australian position put clearly to people in England. People at home were losing sight of the Empire altogether, said Mr. Hillyard. A man recently had said in the House of Lords that Australia was receiving 4d per lb. duty on all its butter imported into England. Even how there was a quota system being planned which would do a tre mendous amount ot harm to Aus tralia. The president ot the Enghsn National Farmers' Union had recent ly said: "If we have to sink it doesn't matter much whether we sink in foreign or in Dominion waters.' FROM WRONG ANGLE The matter of trade relationships was not regarded irom an Empuv. point ot view at all. ivir. rsruce nau endeavoured to state Australia's case, DUt the trend in u,ngiana was to Keep out Australian goods. Many peopie advocated tne sending out oi iOO.OOU immigrants, but that wouid u useless it Hiiigiand continued to. pur chase Danish and Argentine goods m preference to Australian. The president (Mr. W. S. Davis): England is tied up with practically every country, but she should give ner own sons preference. Mr. Heffernan opposed the sugges- j tion, considering that English pro ducers had a right to say how much of any product should enter ' uie country. Australia gave England a certain amount ot. custom, but not as much as she could and should. Until she was prepared to recipro cate she should not expect England to purchase,her products. That Australia was buying too many American goods and not pay ing sufficient attention to England was the contention of Mr. JF. Grif fiths. Until this matter was remedies she could expect nothing from Eng land. The resolution, framed by Mr. Hill yard, was adopted as a recommenda tion to the next meeting of the Richmond district council. 