ROMANCE OF SCOTTISH HISTORY A Long Struggle For Freedom "Scotland The Nation." By Rosaline Masson. London: Thomas Nelson and Sons. Miss Masson's book, brilliantly re- cording the romance of Scottish his toiy np to the time of the first Stuart jcipfr of England, gives itiA results of many years' industrious study and re search. She shows bow a country not abundantly blessed with natural re sources, but inhabited by virile, war like races, advanced from barbarism to feudalism, and from tribal divisions to wnfcinmini unity. The story is one of almost; continuous fighUng for the settlement of local feuds, and for the winning of freedom, and independence. It begins with the intermittent and ineffective occupation of south-eastern Caledonia by the Roman legions. "So jonmers" in the North **"? Romans al ways -were; "never rulers," as they were of the southern. Britons. The Goddels and the Picts defied the Roman power, and even after the erection of the great defensive wall by Hadrian they harried the invaders, making' frequent Incursions into the Roman province to the south. These huge-limbed and red- haired Celts were formidable warriors. They had some knowledge of the arts, but were pagans until, when the Roman Empire was breaking up, a British-bom missionary, St. Ninian, began the evangelising work after wards successfully extended by St. Columba, who came from Ireland and established the headquarters of a Celtic Church at lona. The Real Macbeth "Stands Scotland where it did?" It does not. nor did it when Macduff asked the question, for in the fifth and sixth centuries Scotland, or Scotia, was the country we now call Ireland. The Scots were land-grabbing immigrants from Christian Ireland, who, between AX). 498 and 503. settled in Argyll. At that tame the Picts were the dominant race, and it was not until- the middle of the ninth century that the Scots acquired supremacy in North Britain. Miss Masson gives a picturesque description of the coming in the meantime of the pagan Angles, wbo spread from the ease coast of England northward as far as the Firth of Forth; the Chris tianisiTifr labors of St. Columba in the sixth century; the raids of the Norse men who destroyed Iona; and the union of the Pictish and Scot tish kingdoms on the accession of Kenneth MacAlpin in 844. Then North Britain became Scotland; Of the early Celtic Kings, the most notorious, thanire to Shakespeare, is Macbeth, but the murderous usurper of the great tragedy is largely an imaginative creation, and not the Macbeth of history. Macbeth, states Miss Masson, had some claim to the throne, both through marriage and on his own account. It is true that he murdered Duncan, who was not. by the way, an old man but in the prime of life. In those days, it appears, "it was a well- established custom to murder a rival rinimant. if he had not murdered Duncan, no doubt Duncan would have murdered him." Macbeth governed Scotland with much wisdom for 17 years—from 1040 till 1057. and "the country prospered under his rule." Celts, Normans And Saxons With the accession to the throne of Malcolm Canmore, Duncan's eldest son, after the death of Macbeth on the field of battle, a remarkable chapter in Scottish history began. Malcolm married the saintly Margaret, sister of Edgar Aetheling, who, after the slaving of Harold at the battle of Hastings, was f-.ni* legitimate "?>**? to the Saxon throne seized by William the Conqueror. Edgar, one of Margaret's sons, became Saxon King of Scotland, and Henry I. of England married hjs sister THaHiria, a significant event, as uniting in the English monarchy Normans, Saxons, and Celts. In Scotland David L, a great king, estab lished the feudal system in place of the tribal by granting lands to Norman knights and barons, and thenceforth the Norman element played an impor tant part in Scottish history. Robert the Bruce, who after the heroic struggle of Wallace for Scotland's freedom de cisively established it at Bannockburn, was himself of Norman descent. Miss Masson vividly depicts the long conflict with England, which ended in Scottish victory. In succeeding chapters she cells of Scotland's religious dissensions, the fight between Kirk and Crown, the rise of the middle class, the romance of the House of Stuart, and the tragic career of Mary Queen of Scots, ending with the accession to the Throne of England, as James !L, of Marys son, James VI. of Scotland. This is a book which will interest English read ers, who do not usually get much Scot tish history at school, and its patriotic tone wOl commend it to Scotchmen. grandest prose that has been teen in the English language since Bunyan. Nothing else about them matters a tinker's curse." Or. about the same play, as a reproof to "these intellec tual busybodies and self-importances who number less than one per cent, of the world's playgoers." "A little play like this has a perfect right to exist, since it is capable of giving a great number of playgoers pleasure; it does not set out to be a crashing master piece, is not judged as such, and the implication that it is will not be found in ray article." With, all this, Mr. Agate is a fine critic. Consider his analysis of "Dinner at Eight," which we already know. "It is not a work of art. because the characters depend upon nothing more than ihe leaves in Mrs. Jordan's dining table, and there is nothing to prevent the hostess from doubling or halving the number she first thought of. But could you double or halve the characters in "The Wild Duck." "Macbeth," "Charley's Aunt"? Try it and see." In the course of a singularly interest ing- volume, one learns to sympathise with Adelaide Repertory Theatre's pro test, when blamed for staging occa sionally a dubious theme, that the main difficulty in selecting from modern drama is to avoid tilings far worse. The book abounds in themes at which Australia might shy, and words which It certainly would not print. The former have at last dragged in even our amiable old friend Marie Tempest. path of the mystic ends with the Kct tiriu out of all content of consciousness, nis psyche then becoming "a plenum." filled with an awareness of the uni verse as a holy fountain of creative :ove. Dr. Shahani rejects the Chris tian theology, but renders homage to the perfectly selfless life of Christ Buddha's theory of life he similarly dismisses as incomplete. "The emo tional undertone oi the Eastern con sciousness," he says, "is sombre;" lile at best is regarded as only tolerable. The West, on the other hand, rejoices in life, in and for itself. Both these attitudes are "partial;" they may, in tile author's view, be reconciled, oer haps. by following "the pathway of" the child or the mystic"—a remark which recalls the words of Jesus, "Except ye become as little children, ye shall not enter into the Kingdom of Heaven." "The Harriet McGregor. A Staunch Ship's Sea Story." By J. E. Philp Hobart: Oldham, Beddome, & Mere dith.—The Harriet McGregor, a barque of 331 tons, was built at Hobart, and launched there on October 22, 1870 In 1895 she was sold to a Danish firm, and was destroyed by a fire at Rio Janeiro on the completion of her first and only trip to that port under her new flag. For 25 years Mr. Alexander McGregor, who built in Tasmania the largest fleet of sailing ships individu ally owned, had kept her on the Lon don-Hobart trade run. She became famous as the Cutty Sark of Tasmania. It is true that she broke no sailing re cords, but at times she came very close 