HISTORY OF THE DAIRYING INDUSTRY. Thoughtful Contribution. The "News" is always glad to publish anything of interest to the . man on the land. Although it might be imagined that agricultural subjects are worn almost thread- bare, such is not the case, because progress and development in the dairying industry especially never ends, and any attempt to interest dairymen and ensure their better ment is deserving of wide publi cation. Those who have read the follow ing thesis on "The History of the Dairying Industry", have pronounced it a very fine effort, and we fell all the more pleased to publish it be cause it was written by a son of Mr. and Mrs. Con Richards, of Tew- inga, Mr. George Richards, school- teacher at Wagga, who wrote it to assist him in gaining a first-class pass. It is a very lengthy docu ment, and we find it impossible to publish the whole of it in one issue. CHAPTER I. Introduction. Perhaps no other branch of prim ary production owes so much its present highly organised and re munerative position to science ' as dairying. The great development of the past century in .matters scien tific and industrial has given an un precedented impetus to the success ful production of all dairy products. From the truly cottage industry of half a century ago, dairying has become our best organised branch of modern farming. From an un organised and disorganised produc tive system it has grown to become a mighty and systematic industry. The scientist, chemist, inventor, agricultural expert, manufacturer, breeder, , organiser, and government have all played- their parts in this advance. : In this treatise I propose to trace this development in N.S.W.; to show the successive stages of advanee- .ment and to explain the reasons for such, as well as to discuss present \- systems and future prospects. As the field of inquiry is so wide many aspects must be only briefly dealt with. Such sections as export and co-operation are in themselves subjects deserving- of lengthy, and intimate treatment. My subject will concern the butter branch of the dairying industry, as this accounts for '80 per cent, of production. Other branches such as cheese- making, and pig raising -will only be mentioned in connection with the industry generally. . My intimate association with the industry both in the North Coast and Riverina has provided several facts. In gathering statistics I have con sulted the various year books, de partmental records, officers notes, butter factory reports, and distribu tors' reports. CHAPTER II. Early Days — No Special Dairying. When the first fleet . arrived in Sydney in 1788 there was little pro vision for commencing any kind of farming operations. Amongst the livestock carried were one bull, four cows, one calf, and twelve pigs." It is doubtful whether these were in tended to provide milk or fresh meat. However, they were soon lost, only to be discovered several years -later greatly increased in numbers in -the Cowpastures district. _ Vessels arriving from Britain, In dia, and The Cape brought cattle, to the infant colony. In 1791 H.M.S. Gorgon brought three bulls and- twenty three "cows to -Sydney. In 1793 cattle at Par-ramatta num bered three bulls, two bullocks, fif teen cows, and three calves. In 1796 there were 229 cattle in the colony. . In 1800 there were ,1044. In 1803 the government owned 1,- 530 head, and the settlers 650. In 1807 there were many cattle of English breeds, many probably hav ing been shipped to provide fresh milk on the voyage." In 1811 Mac- quarie reported over 3600 head. In 1816 he reported that after a drought herds . -crossed the Blue Mountains and thrived there. By 1839 the colony owned over 37,000 head. Cattle were very valuable in the early days of N.S.W. In 1794 Col lins recorded that two animals were killed and the beef sold at 1/6 per lb. A cow in calf was sold by one effjper to another for £80, the calf later being sold for £15. About 1795 three Indian cows brought £189. It is on record that Governor Phillip was concerned about pro viding a milk supply for children and invalids. Governor Hunter is sued . a decree protecting the Cow- pastures herds in order to provide a source for obtaining cows to found dairy herds. Major Johnston reported that Indian cows crossed with Cape bulls produced good -beef animals, -but deficient in milk pro duction. Macarthur's Laneashires and Mars- den's" Suffolks were the best unmix ed herds in the early days. In these early days, and, in fact, for many years afterwards, dairy cattle were not differentiated from beef cattle; and milk production, butter and cheese making not speci fied', as; being separated from cattle raising. Butter was a luxury and very dear. Little was made in the colony and available stocks were tor ought from England and Ireland in hermetically sealed packages. Dr. Lang says that Wm. Howe, pi "-Glenlee," Cowpasture River, was the first to grow English grasses, and that "Glenlee" was the first farm in N.S.W. to make butter. He also states that Geo. Rankin, of "Killcshiel," Bathurst, introduced cheese making about 1820, and that by 1834 large quantities of -butter and cheese were being made; super ior cheese being popular in Sydney and being exported to Tasmania. Dairies were numerous on the Hunter River in 1834, and the pro duce was shipped to Sydney. In 1833 imports of butter and cheese were valued at £872, and exports chiefly to the colonies at £5279. Jfc Us sS: CHAPTER 3. Development of the South Coast. It- is recorded that Henry Bad- gery brought butter from South Creek to Sydney in 1815. In 1817 the Throsby family established a cattle breeding station near Wol- longong. About this time the cedar getters were penetrating the Illa- warra district. Farmers from the Hawkesbury and Cowpastures began settling there about 1820. These farmers soon turned to dairying. William Fitchie was the pioneer dairyman, and dairying was a regu lar industry by 1823. As there were no roads over the rugged ranges to Sydney, butter was found fco be a suitable product to trans port per paekhorse to market. In 1820 Alexander Berry explor ed the Shoalhaven River and then founded the Berry Estate, which de veloped into a great dairying proposition. This estate was the cradle of the Illawarra Shorthorn breed of dairy stock. Wentworth records that in 1820 the Sydney market was well sup plied with butter, eggs and poultry. In the same report he mentions .the fertility of the Five Islands district, south to the Shoalhaven; also the difficulty of transport. Transport was by means of sailing ship, bul lock dray, or -paekhorse. The eai-ly owners of large hold ings 'bred for profit of. offspring. Milking -was only part of the busi ness of raising stock — it developed docilif, and was performed once daily. It remained for the small farmers to look t.o dairying for a living. Many breeds were represented in the early herds. The chief breeds were Longhorn, Durham, Shorthorn, Red Lincoln, Ayrshire, and Devon. The Longhorns were great milkers, and thirty six quarts a day was not an uncommon yield. In 1829 the N.S.W. Agricultural Society reported upon" the increas ed dairying and improvement in stock by importations of English, Scottish, and Irish bulls. A drought in 1828-9 drove set tlers father afield. They settled the coast south of Jervis Bay, also Kan garoo Valley. During the thirties there . was much development. Dr. Lang in duced many Scotch immigrants to settle there. Dairy -produce was conveyed to Sydney in sloops. Far mers accompanied their produce, sold it, purchased necessities, and returned in the sloops to Wollon- gorig. About this time Mr. Meikle- john undertook to do the selling and marketing for his neighbours, and so began the system of commis sion agency sales. In 1834 agita tion for better roads bore fruit, and resulted in much improvement in the industry. Sales of milking cat tle were frequent in Sydney, and South Coast buyers were prominent. In 1839 the South Coast Steam Packet Co.' was formed, consider ably improving the transport prob lem. . In 1842 the Berry Estate was milking up to two hundred cows and the dairy was returning £70 weekly. In the forties came great numbers of small settlers who were to greatly develop the dairying in dustry of the South Coast. They set up as dairymen essentially, and were not merely , stock raisers. These were- the settlers, who won great fame for South' Coast pro duce. Later their sons emigrated and developed the industry 0n the North Coast. The settlers obtained their stock from the large holders, notably the Berry Estate, and bred the cows which were famous for many years as milk producers. Among the breeders whose stock produced good herds were Messrs. Hughes, Os borne, Lomox, and Wentworth. Their sto-ck was mainly of the Ayr- shire-Longhorn or Durham-Longhorn cross. These strains crossed with Shorthorn and ultimately the Ayr shire produced the Illawarra Short horn of to-day. After the forties excellent milking strains were pro duced until the beef craze of the seventies. Importations after the fifties were "inferior, so breeders had to reiy on the excellent mater ial already in the South Coast. It is recorded that in the fifties three quarters of the dairy cattle were Longhorn-Durham crosses from the strains of ' Wentworth . and Hughes.'. Henry Osborne, Duncan Bests On, Andrew McGillj and Evan Evans used these threequarter breed Longhorns as the basis of herd breeding by which was developed the present Illawarra Shorthorn cow. CHAPTER 4. Gold Boom Days. From 1833. there was steady pro gress in dairying on the South Coast. Under the system of farm manufac ture some farmers specialised in butter production, others in cheese production. Prominent in this ad vance were Alexander Berry at Shoalhaven, T. S. Mort' at Bodalla, and Messrs. Fox, Tooth, and "Yren y at Bega. A satisfactory price was usual, and as the demand grew so the industry expanded. In 1834 butter was from 10 id to 1/9 per pound", and cheese 4d to Gd per pound. The introduction of American cheese making machinery gave an impetus to cheese making, and after a struggle cheese equal to the best English was produced. The South Coast gained a reputation for cheese which it has retained ever since. Then came the gold rushes. Many farmers left the dairies to seek their fortunes, leaving their wives and children to carry on. The great influx of population and the scarcity of labour to work the farms caused the demand to exceed the supply. Prices soared and but ter often realised 3/6 or ' 4/- per pound. When the gold -fever left the South Coast dairymen they re turned to their farms. The high prices for butter and cheese brought about great expansion. The South Coast entered upon a phase of in- creased settlement and production. Good roads were built and dairy farms occupied all the country from Bulli to Bega. So eminent a posi tion had South Coast produce at tained that dairying was abandoned on the Hunter and left to the South Cr.ast. The gold boom days were follow ed by a reaction. The slump was not due to the fact of supply ex ceeding demand, a demand mater ially increased by increased popula tion and higher wages, but by the most potent of all factors — public opinion. The taste of consumers changed, became more discriminat ing and demanded a choicer quality article. Good butter sold readily at good prices, but inferior butter was hard to dispose of, so that by the seventies the price was as low as 4a a pound in .spring and summer. The -butter market became disorgan ised and everyone suffered. Lack of refrigeration, bad means of carriage resulting in a damaged product, no grading, mixing bad cream with good and so producing an inferior butter, all helped in the disaster once the consumers .demanded a better article. The careful farmer suffered along with his careless neighbour, and dairying became a despised slavery. Gloom overspread the industry. Then, when clouds were black est, came the beef cattle craze to almost complete the wreck. Many fine milking strains of cattle did not survive this craze. They were ab sorbed by beef breeds and passed away for ever. CHAPTER 5. The Beef Cattle Craze. When one considers the great ef forts of recent years to increase the average yield of our cows, and then reflects upon the recorded high yields of over half a century ago, one has cause to ask the question, "what caused the gap?" Two reasons stand out. Firstly, the lack of scientific knowledge of breeding of earlier years ; and, sec ondly, the blind following of fasnion in those years. With the rise of agricultural soc ieties, particularly on the South Coast, .came a passion to breed show animals. As show cattle were judged on appearance, there was no thought of performance in breeding. This passion for pedigree stock, conforming - to a special type in colour and shape, was disastrous to South Coast herds. . Beef animals of the Shorthorn breed, imported from England, set the fashion, and breeders endeavoured to follow. Calves of good milking cows were sacrificed in order that the mothers might suckle pedigree beef calves whose own mothers hadn't enough milk to do so. The years 1875-1885 saw an encrmous decline in the quality of the herds of Illawarra. Certainly some breeders, notably Messrs. Me- Gill and Evans, maintained -their high quality of stock. , It was from their herds that the South " Coast drew the sires to recuperate and re build when the 'beef craze had waned. The Beef Shorthorn blood had been so thoroughly infused, how ever, that eradication was impos sible. Irreparable damage had been done. The Longhorn strain of milk ers had 'been absorbed never to re appear. Other breeds, notably Red Lincoln, Kerry and Normandy had also disappeared. To add to the troubles of the dairy industry, droughts and low prices were prev- alent during this period. The num ber of cattle greatly declined. The surviving types from which the future herds were to. be built were the mixed bloods of Shorthorn- Durham-Longhorn and Shorthori- Ayrshire. Dairymen began to see the need for better and fewer cat tle together with a better product to suit the consumers' : taste. They saw the great harm done by the beef craze, but too late to prevent its damage. The seventies and early eighties were the blackest years in the industry's history. Many had been ruined — -but out of chaos came the four factors which brought pros perity-— The Separator, Factory Manufac ture, Refrigeration, Co-operation. - CHAPTER 6. The Separator and Factory. Following experiments by Danish and Swedish inventors, the first centrifugal machine was shown in London in 1879. In 1883 the Fresh Food and Ice Co., of which T. S. Mort was the founder, imported Danish separators and set them in operation at Mitta- gong for treating surplus milk from its Sydney distribution. The cream was manufactured in Sydney at a factory equipped with refrigeration. These separators proved so success- ful that officials were sent to dem onstrate their value to South Coast farmers. Moreover, to encourage the use of separators the company offered higher prices for separator butter. The result was' the estab lishment at Kiama.- iri ' 1884 of' the Pioneer Butter Factory. Its value was immediately apparent. Its pro duce sold at several pence higher pc-r pound than farm butter, and the butter was fresh and wholesome, the superiority of fresh sweet ci-earn over sour stale cream for butter making. The sweet skim milk made a better food for pigs. The factory overcame initial diffi culties and settled down to do valuable work which enthused dairy farmers with the value , of separator production. In 1887 it had three Danish separators and three churns. Mr. D. L. Dymock, of Kiama, re turned from England in 1884 with the first de Laval separator. This type was exhibited at Kiama shpw in 1885. A horse was used to sup ply the power. In the same year Mr. Dymock established a co-opera tive factory at Albion Park. In 1886 the Fresh Food and Ice Co. reopened the once ambitiously planned condensed milk factory at Kiama as a butter .factory, and was paying 3d per l'b. more for factory butter than the 'hand made article. In 1887 two factories were estab lished at Jamberoo, and the follow ing year saw many others in opera tion. The procedure at these factories was similar in all cases. Farmers brought their milk to the factories, had it measured, saw it pooled, the cream extracted and their quota of skim milk returned to their cans. High testing milk was worth -no more than low testing milk. Test ing had not then been introduced. This method had its drawbacks, chief of which were lack of re""- frigeration for the finished product, and the . spread of disease due to pooling the milk at the factory. As factory separation became popular, receiving depots were es tablished at suitable points at dis tances from the factories. Here the cream was separated and con veyed to the factories. This re sulted in less carriage by farmers. When factories with refrigera tion facilities were established in Sydney these country factories be came mere creameries and the cream was despatched to Sydney for manufacture. Farmers began' to purchase their own de Laval separators. In 1886 agents reported 45 separators in use in N.S.W. This' number had grown in 1893 to 1333, of which 800 were hand power machines, and .413 were worked by steam power in factories. Gradually as factories became co operative in spirit and working, and as ' refrigeration was introduc ed into the factories, the hand separator on the farm completely displaced the factory separator. The hand separator was a big fac tor in pioneering the districts where transport was . the big problem. Nowadays it is looked upon as in dispensable — the modern machine is a marvel of compactness and effi ciency. A model working dairy at the Centennial Exhibition in 1888 show ed all the latest machinery and did much to foster the industry. There after farm" manufacture rapidly de clined while factory manufacture forged ahead, so that by 1893 half of the 26 million pounds of butter made in the state was produced by factories, truly a marvellous achieve ment in the nine years since the first one had been established. (To be continued.) 