HOME TRUTHS FROM THE HIGH COMMISSIONER. MR. BRUCE'S FOREBODINGS NOT TO BE IGNORED. At the receut conference with State Ministers, Mr. Bruce once more emphasized that the British Govern ment, having embarked upon the de velopment of home agricultural in dustries, was determined to restrict imports of farm produce from over seas countries—the Dominions in cluded. He convinced State Ministers that' this country was faced with the neces sity of making a momentous decision and that prompt action would have to be taken to avoid heavy loss. At the dinner given him by Sydney industrial and commercial interests at the Hotel Australia, Mr. Bruce again hammered home the truth that Aus tralia had to adapt herself to changed world conditions. "It would be fatal for Australia to look forward always to a standstill policy, aud I would be the last to sug gest It," said Mr. Bruce, "but the fact the worldthrdlu hrdlu hrdlu hrdlu dd has to be faced that the markets of the world are limited. "Tariffs were first introduced in Britain as a weapon against rapidly increasing harriers in other countries. Britain entered the World Economic Conference with the hope that her tariffs would e a bargaining point for the removal of tariffs in other coun tries—but it was clear from the start that other countries would not alter their policies. "Australia's marketing relations with Britain could not be solved by knocking down tariff barriers," said the High Commissioner. "New Zealand had twice attempted this solution in vain, "Lower tariffs," he went on to say, "would not affect Britain's determina tio nas a social and almost as a health necessity, to restore her agriculture which had languished for almost a century while the cheap food and cheap materials policy was supreme. "When the idea of restriction of pro duction was formulated at the World Economic Conference, it received the enthusiastic support of sixty-four nations. Australia's was the only voice raised in opposition. Aus tralians, therefore, had - to recognize that the whole world accepted the doc trine of restriction and to consider the proper policy for them to pursue. They had to recognize' there was a limit to the markets in which they couid sell some of their primary pro ducts, that of whatever they produced there was only a certain quantity which they could sell abroad at prices that would not cause International dis organization. It was no use con fusing the issue or deceiving ourselves that by additional concessions we could get a free run on British mar kets for lamb, butter, and other pro ducts. That was not concerning Britain—what she was concerned with was the restoration of British agriculture. It Australia attempted to flood British markets with some of our primary products, terrific an tagonism would be .created among British agriculturalists which would re-act on the purchase of Australian products by the British people." Mr„ Bruce has told us (a) that by July next, we pfust arrange for quotas in the shipments of lamb and mutton to the British markets, and (b) that we must agree to an export wheat quota of something like 100,000,000 bushels per annum or have other nations take the business out of our hands and assign to us quota of between eighty and ninety million bushels, take it, or leave it. We must also agree to a butter quote or suffer through the inevitable chaos. Indeed, we are alread suffering for lack of quota regulation of the. London market. Had we agreed to quotas, Denmark's shipments to England would not now be as large as they are. When we failed to agree to 1 quotas, agreements were, made with Denmark and the Argentine and the subject of butter may not be broached again till August, 1935. The Danish and Argentine agree ments have another, two years to run. At the end of that time Great Britain may be able to do better by us. Also if conditions improve in Australia, and we open bur doors again to British immigrants, our quotas may be further [ raised. But meanwhile, expert quotas mean production resrictions and one and all must face the serious consequences involved. Mr, Bruce deserves the thanks of the Commonwealth for hie statesman like exposition of a most difficult prob lem.—"Manufacturers' Bulletin." 