MAGAZINES RECEIVED The March issue of 'The Steering Wheel and Society and Home' to hand constitutes an Easter number, and readers will not fail to be struck by the high standard of what claims to be Queensland's national magazine. The striking four colour cover is beauti fully arranged. The art section printed in sepia provides an admirable example of the high level that has been reached in artistic printing by the producers. The motoring section as usual contains much interesting and instructive read ing for owner drivers, home mechanics and the trade, together with particu lars of the latest advances in motoring. Musical, social and dramatic notes, a serial story, an informative article on horse breeding, stories of pioneer days and a thoughtful study entitled 'The Steering Wheel of the Universe' are amongst many feature* that will pleasp. 'The Home' for March contains an extra fashion supplement which in cludes an authoritative article describ ing new autumn and winter fashions in detail, and describes the new fashion? as seen in the shops. Our Paris cor respondent has sent the latest news and illustrations, and the whole sup plement will b& lavishly illustrated with excellent photographs portraying the new modes. Other features are 'An Interview for 'The Home' with H. G. Wells,' photographs of Admiral Sir Dudley de Chair's house and garden in England; four pages of photographs illustrating Edwardian days in Austra lia — these are snapshots taken in the early nineteen hundreds of well-known people in Sydney and Melbourne. Mr. Alan Balfour has written an in teresting article called 'A Pageant of Princes' which outlines all the various Royal visits made to Australia since 1881\. Some excellent photographs of 'The Private Life of Henry VIII' are also included. Another feature is ''An Australian Supper in the Danish Man ner,' and recipes given by Matron dp Merrall. 'The Centenary Air Race,' written by D. Lindsay Thompson, dis fusses the chances of the entrants. 'Meet the Prince' by D. G. Macdougall, is still another article which offers in teresting reading and advice on our behaviour when the Prince arrives. Our copies are from Messrs. Wm. Munr© and Co., newsagents. its debut. On May 6, just two day» alter the first p-er of. the Fitzroy Bridge had been *aid, the club played ?' The Dutch Immigrant ' or ' Married at Last,' and ' The Swiss Cottage' to a splendid house at the Theatre Royal, the proceeds this time going to the Fire Brigade. Two weeks later success at tended a repeat performance, given for the benefit of the widow and children 01 a man named Stack who wab drowned a short while before off the steamer Vykinz. The names of the players were not mentioned, but it is interesting that someone must have had to bear ' The Dutch Immigrant's' mouth-filling nanr of ' Hans Shoolsterhoostoffin.' STILL THEY COME. The next mushroom to appear was the Oddfellows' Dramatic Club, which popped up its head in a specially built and equipped room at the back of the Oddfellows' Hall on Friday night, Sep tember 26. Farces, ' Old Honesty ' and ' \V*ilfuI Murder,' were the pieces played, Mr. Biggs being again on hand to provide a welcome interlude, this time a negro sonfr. Early in November 20 men wer-' thrown from a ballast train on the con struction line beyond Comet and all were severely injured, six at least dying. This tragedy produced two suc cessful amateur benefits, one by the Oddfellows' Club on November 18 ane! the other by the Garrick players on December 2. Ever available, Mr. Briggs assisted the first benefit with an um brella and a laughable parody on the election speeches then being made u- Rockhampton. The Garrick players per formed ' White Horse of the Peppers ' and later repeated it in aid of the \/iji ikJtinao 1111.UC1 luuui In the meantime — on November II — the Fitzroy Dramatic Club lived its brief existence in a show at the Theatr* Royal in aid of the Fitzroy Cricket team, the performance being most not able for a local composition rather Id the nature of a team war cry. The local players, blossoming in such plenty, were lucky to strike a year in vhidi visiting players, though agree able entertainers, were few. Early in January Professor Eugene Beda, one legged gymnast, dancer, violinist, and rope-walker, and his troupe played suc cessfully at the Theatre Royal. Doing a); those things — and on only one leg. the professor was a distinctive enter tainment in himself. A professional contrast with the per formance of the amateur minstrels in February was offered by -hc 'original' George Minstrels in the following month at the Theatre Royal. The com pany had the benefit of patronage by the Governor, Sir Arthur Kennedy, dur ing a visit to Rockhampton, Mr. D. A. Bowman's singing was popular and, with Messrs. Charlie Crusoe and Billy Wilson as the corner men, the performancPS which continued for a week, were really delightful. 'OUR BOYS'— FIRST NIGHT. When Miss Clara Stephenson, brought a new dramatic company to the Theatre Royal the excellent at tendance on the opening night. June 1, was only the prelude to a season of good houses — giving no index to the trouble which was to attend Miss Stephenson during a visit in the following year. Mrs. Ford, Misses Ford and Crawford and Messrs. Vincent, W. Seagrave, Bol ton, Carey, and E. Eugard (orchestral leader) were in the company and the opening pieces were ' I-eah the For saken ' and 'Rooney's Blunders,' But later the company was joined by Mr. J. E. Thorp, from the Queensland Theatre. Brisbane, and ' The School for Scandal,' 'Hamlet,' and 'Macbeth,' were among the ambitious piece* offered. One piece made a particular appeal to the public fancy, ' Our Boys.' Played tor the first time in Rockhampton, ' Our Boys ' played triumphantly for a week, at the expense of St. Leon's Circup then in town. With this gold mine in its repertoire the company played oc until August 26 with seldom a poor house. M'Lean's Juvenile Troubadours, play ing light drama, were r.°xt in the theatre in mid-September, Master Sal vardor Parlato, Master Sammy M'Leaa Miss Emily Fox, and Miss Nina Tul loch (for her sweet singing and grace ful dancing), earning special note. Just before the close of the company's season on October 14 the Lynch Family of Bellringers, assisted by Mr. Frank Vcrten, English comedian, and with Mr. James Wnrde as musical director, gav«s a week of opposition at the OddfclloWB1 Hall. Only a mere mention was given Messrs. Stuart and Holland's variety Company which performed for two nights at the Theatre Royal in Decem ber, but The Rojral Illusionists — Messrs. Thorn, Burton, and Darvin — secured a better hearing and played the year out to good houses at the Theatre Royal. You are invited to suggest a title (humorous or otherwise) for the above picture. Entries, accompanied by an entry fee of 6d., should be sent to the Secretary, Miss I. L. Glasson, on or before Tuesday, March 27. Prize6 of £1/1/-, 10/6, and 7/fc' will be awarded to the most original or humorous titles. Judges will be announced later. Awards will be announced in the ' Bulletin ' on March 2' 