Topical Jfcilfe CLOSE THE RANKS. VjABOR'S foes have wealth abundant to ^ bolster up their cause) - And they have a Press that ever shrieks out its black applause. Very many institutions are giving, them their aid, With Big Business and the Bankers fore . fronting that brigade. ' But the workers lack such aiding; no plus of wealth.have they ... / '' - Their all, the paltry little that in wages comes their way. This truth's beyond denial: if they their ? .-? wrongs would- right, ? They must have no dissensions when they ' ' fare forth to fight. R.J.C. 'We must lower the staff's wages. They're getting too much money.' 'Why, how do you make that but?' 'I saw some of them coming out of the ' Savings Bank.' T\EEWHY: At Mount Gambier last *-* ? week South Australian Premier Butler \- stated that his Government's proposals , for the closer settlement of the south-east provided for the acquisition of land and the settlement of 12,000 men on fair sized blocks. Presumably Butier assumes 'that when he places these 12,000 men* on 1 the land his worries will be ended. For a time they may be. But it is safe to say; that before very long the troubles of the alleged beneficiaries will commence, and will persist for a very long time. * * # OURA&TE;: An item in the 'S.M. ?*?*' 'Herald' of Monday last conveyed the ' news that one A. E. Hyland, who has been ' acting for the past nine years as director of the Australlian trade publicity scheme in Great Britain, has greatly gratified the ? ?- Commonwealth Minister for Commerce 1 (Dr; Page) with the success that has at tended his efforts. Presumably Mr. Hy land has done something during those nine years. But, all the same, the fact that Argentine meat and Danish butter are largely bought by J. Bull, to the consider able exclusion of Australian primary pro ducts, seems, in effect, to throw a span ner into the optimism of both Hyland and Page. ? X USTRALITE: Mr. M. Alexander, K.C., ?^?-and a member of the South African Parliament, addressing members of the Sydney Millions Club the other day, said a problem which South Africa and Aus tralia possess in common is the drift to the cities. The combating of this ten dency, he went on to say, and the de velopment of the back country, are basic necessities, and for these reasons he strongly supported increased, immigration. But we have had increased immigration before, and the result mostly was that the newcomers,. instead of preventing the rural drift to the big populational centres, re mained in the cities to compete for the jobs that were too scarce to go anything like nearly right round. Mr. Alexander may be a capable barrister and a plausible parliamentarian, but it is to be feared that many Australian out-of-works, both locally-born and migrants, could easily teach him a lot regarding the futility of his migration and settlement ideas. :':'-.#?# .'?.#. Tl/pplCUS: The other day Queensland's 1YX Director-General of Health, Sir Ra phael Cilento, referring to N.S.W. Minis ter Weaver's announcement that doctors are to be compelled to do at least a year's work in a public hospital before entering into private practice, stated that the an nouncement anticipated a similar sugges tion which he was submitting to the Queensland Home Secretary. Sir Raphael stressed the point that -the experience so gained would be invaluable in later years. Equally important was his statement to the effect that' the innovation would pre vent the influx of foreign medical prac titioners and the activities of herbalists and faith- healers of dubious quality. * ' * '* 'pURALITE: Despite the low prices of i.^r many primary products the old land hunger continues to assert itself. For in stance, recently no fewer than 263 appli cants went to a ballot at Goondiwindi (Q.) for an area of 15,480 acres of Crown land, 20 miles north of the town, being part of the Yagaburn resumption. The item reveals and stresses the fact that land monopoly— even in comparatively democratically-controlled Queensland— is a menace to closer settlement, and also has the effect of bringing bush workers to the City, where they are compelled to share both poverty and sympathy with the local unemployed. # * # ? ?» r\ R. : Henry Hanxe, who the other day ^ won the Archibald Art Prize for 1934, might have been a realistic writer if he hadn't been an artist. In the course of an interview with a 'S.M. Herald' re presentative last Sunday he said: 'I want to forget gutters and footpaths and drains. Most of all, I want to forget concrete, the feel of the concrete, the smell of concrete, the monotony of shovelling concrete, and the clatter ' and clang of concrete-mixing machines. I want a holiday far away from the environment of relief works, where I can paint, freed from the soul searing cares that poverty breeds.' Hanke has won his prize of partial deliverance. But how many Harikes there must be who realise that a lot of Australian art is still strongly suggestive of poverty more than profits? T\EEWHY: Referring to a recent speech *-* by W. M. Hughes, relating to Aus tralia's diminishing birthrate, and criti cising the predictions of Malthus a cen tury ago, the 'S.M. Herald' last Friday, in the course of a leading article, demon strated that its logic is sadly askew. Said the 'Herald': 'The more the world's population increased, the more it has in creased the means of sustaining it, so that people now have not only their necessities in greater abundance than ever, but pos sess comforts and conveniences which in Malthus' time were not known even to imagination.' Evidently the old journal cannot see the unemployed and. the dole recipients, whose only abundance is that of suffering, and whose chief convenience is that of going short. ?*''?* # ^USTRALITE: stated from Canberra that fears which have been expressed in Australia that imports of cheap Japanese goods are likely to 'flood the Australian market are not borne out by figures emanating from the Department of Trade and Customs. The figures are quoted; but surely it needs no Solomon to realise that the low valuation of these Japanese imports is indicative of cheap labor, with which the Australian artisan has no chance of competing. The quantity, and hot the quality and value, of these Japanese goods should be consid ered before these misleading depart mental statements are made. '- V -RAY: -The London special' corre r*- spondent- of the 'S.M. Herald' says that Industrial Britain has faced the New Year in a spirit of 'restrained opti mism.' By the way, we have the same sort of optimism in New South Wales. For didn't Premier Stevens preelection ally promise the workers rainbows? And what was the result? Well, as a cynical dole-worker aptly remarked, 'Rainbows are not digestible.' 'You sit there all night without saying a word. You think more of that old wireless set than you do of me.' 'Well, I get less interference from it.'* 'TJEEWHY: The 'S.M. Herald,' in the course of a recent analysis of New South Wales industrial, conditions, de clared that 'in .1934 the Trade Unions had their most prosperous year since the de pression, and 'that, there were 'few in dustrial disturbances of ' any importance.' The explanation is so simple and obvious that naturally the 'Herald' missed -it— either deliberately or ignoraritiy. Union ists can't afford to fight when unemploy ment has caused the exhaustion of their funds. Further, one of the results of the depression is that many men who hitherto were not industrially employed, but had 'cuff and collar' billets, are now thrown on .the labor market, 'and to avert the humiliation of the dole ' are willing to work for remuneration that they would have scorned, in more propitious days* * ?' # ' '« ?.-...?? V-RAY: On Tuesday of last week the '^ Queensland .Minister for' Labor and Industry (M.P. Hynes) stated that he had made a recommendation to Cabinet that all men engaged on intermittent work throughout the State should have 'smokos' each of ten minutes' duration— one in the morning and the other in the afternoon. The Cabinet, without hesita tion, adopted the Minister's recommenda tion. How different from the policy pur sued, by the Stevens Government in N.S.W., ; where strikes and unrest have oc curred .; as the. result of the denial of this .little 'smoko' privilege. Plainly, Minister Hynes realises that contented workers are better workers— a fact which the un-understanding Stevens has yet to learn.; . ? ?? . ? *, * # ?'.-.-?'' A USTRALITE: Despite the fact that we *r- have a princely-paid High Commis sioner, in London, and more or less costly departmental agents in other world centres, Australia. commercially is not be ing advertised as it should be. The fault, in the main, is. not with the products, but with the overseas trade representatives. Admittedly there are exceptions. For in stance, there is the case of Arthur O'Connor, .representative in the. United States of the Australian National Travel Association. He was spending a few hours —as well as his money— in a small western town, and noted that, following the death of a prominent townsman, many friends had assembled at the local church to pay their last respects. The minister, at the conclusion of his funeral address, called on all those present. to say a few words on behalf of the soul of the deceased. There was no response. Then, filling the hiatus, Mr. O'Connor said:. 'Well, Mr* Minister, since no one wishes to say any thingabout their departed friend, I would like to say a few words about Australia.' And the vital -point is that O'Connor said j them. TXT S.: An interesting and significant ex **? tract from the 'SM. Herald' of J Friday last: 'At a. given signal from Mr. Eric Campbell, 120 members of the New I Guard, representing 'localities' in sub- I lirbs Vf Sydney, rose . and dramatically gave the Fascist salute at a convention in the Assembly Hall, Scots Church, last night.' This sort of stunt may be ac ceptable in Germany, where Herr Hitler is regarded as a Heaven-sent savior of j the Fatherland, but any suggestion of die-! tatorship is abhorrent to the democratic conscience of Australia. And the sooner Erjc Campbell realises that fact the bet-, ter it will be for the selfsame Eric and his, vaudeville army. . . J * * * TV/TEDIOUS l: In the course of a president ;*?**?? tial address to the Medical Science and National Health : Section of the Science Congress- in Melbourne, Dr. Duhig expressed fear of the nationalisation of medicine, and the socialisation of hos pitals. When the attention of Mr. Wea ver, N.S.W. Minister for Health, was drawn to the statement, he said that the fears of Dr. Duhig were groundless, so. far as the views of the N.S.W. Government were concerned. But, rather anomalously, he added that when Dr. Duhig argued \ that all medical services should be part of jj a private practitioner service, he evidently j overlooked the many who cannot afford I to pay for such treatment. In the cir- I cumstances many people wa-jid tiike to I know if Weaver is in favor of the na- I tionalisation of health, or opposed to it, I For even the type of ground- shifting Health Minister that Weaver lias proved himself to be cannot have it both ways. * ?*.''? : II V-RAY: While invention may solve some | *? problems, it automatically : causes | others. For instance, a London message states that the League of Nations is to deal, in the near future, with the nuisance J and danger created by the discharge of oil from oil-burning vessels outside the territorial limits. It is added that the practice has increased to such an extent that it can effectually be dealt with only | by the co-operation of the principal, man- | time nations. The evils arising from such oil-pollution are many. Seabirds, with wings clogged with oily scum, are. dying, in myriads, fishwife* is being de stroyed, beaches are being' seriously dam aged, and harbors and their wharves are menaced by fire. So far as fish are con cerned, Sydney Harbor provides irrefut able proof. A few years ago, before the coming of the .oil-burning.. .vessels, the 'Harbor was a fisherman's Paradise. Fine hauls of the finny tribe could be made both in the channel and near-shore I waters. But now the amateur fisherman I generally has to purchase his catch at a I fish shop if he desires to uphold his repu- I tation as a successful disciple of Isaac II Walton. li 'jiy.ii- . ? a; 'Bobbie, ho wotmany more times will I m have to tell you to leave those .cream I; cakes alone?' | 'No more, mum. This is the last one.' 1 .'.-? ?-.. ????' ? '?-.??? -..-?'. -m jA USTRALITE: Last week Queensland jlj Labor Premier Forgan Smith tele- m graphed the following message to Prime m Minister Lyons: 'The Queensland Go- M verhment offers you the services of Mr. fif Sunners, Chairman of the Queensland Bj Meat- Industry Board, in consultative Bj capacity for your negotiations ? regarding gj beef industry in London. Queensland m will bear -the cost, and, if you agree, Mr. i| Sunners can arrange to arrive in London g| at a date to suit you.' Instead of accept- m ing this generous offer, Lyons dodged the m acceptance by saying that the marketing vfa of meat is a Federal matter. It may be; if ?but the. fact remains that Queensland is I; supplying very much of the exports § Therefore, the least that : Lyons might K have done was to consider Premier Smith's m offer instead of handing out an ill-* || 