MR ANDERS NIELSEN 63 Years in State PIONEER SETTLER Built First Locally-made Buggy Mr Anders Nielsen, who cele- brated his 80th birthday a few weeks ago and, incidentally, skipped a winning rink at Athelstane the same day, just to show the young fellows how it was done, can claim two somewhat unique records. He was the first to go in for farming at Pialba, now Maryborough's leading seaside resort, and he was the first to build a buggy in this city. Mr Nielsen was born on February 2 1849, in the little village of Tejar, in Zealand, the principal island of Den mark. When only nine years of age he was sent to his first job —shepherd- ing geese. The only remuneration he received was his board and lodging and a suit of home made clothes. It was a full time job, Sundays included, for the only break was on one day in the week when he was sent to school. It was a steady job, for it lasted until he was 14. Then he managed to secure work on a large estate, where farming operations were carried out. For the first time he swaggered in long trousers and this carried the privilege of smoking a pipe. Payment was every six months, and as the weekly wage was about 2s. in English money, his earn- ings were easily carried away. It was while he was working on this estate that the war between Denmark and Prussia took place. The Danes had retreated from thc Dannevirk and were defending Duppell (pronounced Dippel). This was subjected to a terrific bom- bardment. When the employees on the farm were working above ground they could not hear anything, but the men who were sinking a well, and so were underground, distinctly heard the roar of the cannon. Farm work did not appeal to young Nielsen, and after 18 months on the estate he was able to carry out the desire he had always cherished and was apprenticed to a wheelwright in Hol- balk. For four years he worked for his board and lodging only. He kept him self in clothes by working overtime and on holidays, for which he was paid. Having served his time he was re- quested to make room for another ap prentice and the young fellow stepped out into the world. He had spells of walking the country looking for work, but eventually he secured a job in Copenhagen, where a German firm had a contract for building tramcars. Then came the Franco- Prussian war and with it the completion of the contract. Mr Nielsen shouldered his swag again and went for a hike into Germany, where unemployment was rife as a result of the war. Finally, in the course of his peregrinations, he came to Haderslev, in Schleswig, then under German rule, and his luck was in, as he got work in a coach factory there. He remained in this position for over two years and married. Wages were low, for journeymen received the equiva- lent of from 25s. to 30s. per week. Living, however, was very cheap. Cloth- ing, too, was remarkably cheap and [MR. ANDERS NIELSEN, hale and hearty at 86, after 63 years in Queensland.] PICTURE even on the apparently low wages it was possible to live comfortably. SAILS FOR AUSTRALIA. About this time Denmark, Schleswig Holstein and Germany were one mass of posters, put up by the immigration agents appointed by the Queensland Government, pointing out what a won derful country was Queensland. This picture was so alluring, more especially as a free passage out was given, that Mr Nielsen, who already had a sister in Townsville, decided to come out to the new El Dorado. Collecting their Lares and Penates, Mr and Mrs Nielsen went across to Hamburg and in 1873 they left there on the sailing ship Reichstag. There were over 400 immigrants, mostly Germans and Danes, with a few Swedes and Nor wegians for good measure. The voyage, which lasted three months, was a veritable nightmare, for sickness was rife and there were quite a number of deaths, principally among the children. " Even now," said Mr Nielsen, "the recollection is not a pleasing one when I recall how those who passed away were sewn in sacking with a few lumps of coal enclosed, and thrown overboard." But everything comes to an end, even the voyage of a sailing vessel, and finally the youthful couple were landed at Maryborough in 1873. They were verily strangers in a strange land, for though both could speak Danish and German fluently, the English language to them was an unknown tongue. Not one word of English was spoken on the Reichstag, which was German owned and manned. "We were taken off the Reichstag by a tender," said Mr Nielsen, "and up the Mary River. The banks were heavily timbered and we saw a lot of blacks. Some of the immigrants were very scared, especially when, after we landed, the blacks came up to us, wear [S.S. MILDURA, a regular trader, at the city wharf.] ing only a few feathers in their head and a rag tied round their middle." Thanks to a paternal Government, the young couple got a job at Pialba at £40 per annum and found. They went to work for a Mr Sutherland, of Maryborough, who had a summer resi- dence at Pialba. There Mr Nielsen did rough carpentering, fencing, etc. He has the warmest recollections of Mr Sutherland's kindness towards him and his wife. At Pialba the blacks were in hundreds, and corroborees were fre- quent. At that time there were only three houses in Pialba. After five months Mr. Nielsen decided to go to Maryborough, then only a small town, and he got work there, first as a carpenter, and then as a joiner and cabinetmaker. Wages at this trade then ranged from 7s. 6d. to 9s. per day. "I can recall that the rent of our four roomed cottage was 10s. per week," said Mr. Nielsen. "We had to de- pend on the rain for our water supply. Meat was 1½d. and 2d. per lb.; if you bought a roast, the butcher threw in a large piece of suet, and occasionally several sausages. Vegetables were plentiful and cheap, and it was possible to save money." GOES ON THE LAND. "I thought that there was better money to be made in farming than at my trade," continued Mr Nielsen, "and so, after a couple of years, having saved some money, I decided to go on the land. I took up 40 acres at Pialba. Another Dane, Christian Hansen, also took up land there about the same time. Then came Emil Jensen, fol- lowed by a large number of other Danes, until there was quite a Danish settlement. We built a church at Nikenbah, the service being in Danish. I collected most of the money for the church and contracted to erect it." Like many others, Mr. Nielsen found that farming was not quite what he ex- pected it was. "When I started farm- ing, maize was 7s. 6d. per bushel. I put in maize, and when I harvested my crop it was only 1s. 3d. There were no maize pools to regulate the price In those days," added Mr. Nielsen sadly. He decided to go back to his trade in Maryborough, putting a caretaker on the country estate. Things went from bad to worse, and eventually Mr. Niel- sen had to abandon the farm. "All I got for 15 months' hard work was £12," he said. ARRIVAL IN ROCKHAMPTON. Tiring of Maryborough, Mr. Nielsen decided to try his fortunes in Rock- hampton, and he and his wife came up to this city by the Lady Bowen, arriv- ing here in the carly part of 1878. With the exception of a few months spent in Denmark, when he visited the home land in 1882, Mr. Nielsen has resided in this city ever since. "It is very difficult to compare the Rockhampton of 1878 with the present city of to-day," said Mr. Nielsen, "for every year has seen big changes. Some there are who sigh for the good old days; but we had no gas, no electric light, no ice, no telephones, no motor cars, and no picture shows. Still, we were happy. There was not the same hectic rush then as today." Mr. Nielsen's first job was with thc Railway Department, being sent to Dingo, the then terminus, to make dob- bins (wagons) and wheelbarrows to be used on the extension of the line. A bout of malarial fever sent Mr. Nielsen back to Rockhampton, where he secured work as a coachbuilder with Messrs T. Jones and Co., whose premises were next to the Rockhampton Hotel in East Street, and where Messrs Sidney Wil- liams and Co. now carry on. With a wage of £3 7s. per week, he reckoned he was on the way to affluence. At this time all buggies used in Rock- hampton were imported from Sydney. Mr. Nielsen suggested to Mr T. Jones that he should build one, and after some demur, Mr Jones agreed. Mr. Nielsen completed his task, a furniture uphol- sterer doing the trimming. The buggy was purchased by Messrs Rutherford Bros., the well-known livery proprietors. When it was known that the buggy had been locally built, orders flowed in, and a new industry was started in Rock- hampton. Amongst those who ordered the "best carriage that could be built" was Cap- tain Hunter, and on his death this was also acquired by Messrs Rutherford Bros. This was the first carriage built in Rockhampton. Mr. Nielsen secured a job for Mr Peter Nelson, who had ar rived in Rockhampton, with Messrs Jones and Co. In 1882 Mr. Nielsen decided to re visit Denmark, and he and Mrs. Nielsen made the voyage by the Chimborazo. While in Denmark he started in busi ness, but Queensland called and they came back in thc steamer Gulpare. On his return, Mr. Nielsen found employ ment with the late Mr. Michael Ryan in Alma Street, the premises now occu pied by Messrs T. W. Ringel and Co. All went well until 1893, the year when so many banks put up their shutters. Despite the bad times, Mr Nielsen de cided to start on his own, and his first shop now forms part of Messrs Byrne and Co.'s motor works. His reputa tion for good honest work was well known, and he gradually built up a thriving business, and at times he had 18 men working for him. Orders came in from all over Queensland. In 1908 the place was sold and Mr. Nielsen bought a property at the top end of East Street, adjoining the Federal Press. He carried on until 1923 when, seeing the advance of the motor, and having amassed a comfortably competence, he decided to retire into private life. The first motor car which came to Rock hampton was purchased by Mr Nielsen. He put the body on it. It was only a very small car, with two cylinders. It was sold subsequently to a western stationowner. Today he is as hale end hearty as ever, and is enjoying the fruits of a careful life. His memory is remarkably good, and he is a mine of information in regard to early happenings in Rockhampton. Under persuasion, he twice contested a City Council election, but was not successful. In that respect, he has no regrets. He joined thc Rachabites 57 years ago; the only one who has longer membership is Mr W. R. Lacey, of Canning Street. A foundation mem ber of the Athelstane Bowling Club, there is no one who enjoys the game more than Mr Nielsen. To bowls and to his abstention from liquor, Mr. Niel- sen attributes his longevity and his good health. Mr. Nielsen has been twice married, his first wife having predeceased him many years ago. He may justly claim to have done his share as a resident and a citizen. THE FIRST CARRIAGE built in Rockhampton. h was made by Mr. Anders Nielsen in 1882 for the late Captain Hunter. One Governor at least was driven round the city in this vehicle. Staff of Messrs. T. Jones and Co., East Street, by whom the carriage was built. 