The Problem of the German Refugees 0-„p a luncheon address deliver Rabbi J. Danglow, V.D., M.A. re the Melbourne Rotary Club \$th March, 1935, and broadcast (T ihe National Stations. ' vjew of the broad humanitaiian out P of Rotary and the fact that its ethics Phased upon. the. Golden Ruie, I feel t no apologv is netd. d for nxfr-*Uucmg roy subject of to-day the problem of German Refugees which because of its mcial, social and economic implications .become a serious world pro Pla in, j is not my intention or desire to dwell ore such an audience as this upon the r,i aspect of th>e s vents which nave jted this problem, strong and detinue :ate my views in this regard and conl; t as I am those views would be fully red by you all in common with mil ls throughout the world. want dispassionately to briug your jds to the actual situation iito which Dy thousands of fellow-beings have been ,e(j as the logical result of the particu policy introduced by the Hitler regime lost exactly two years ago, a situation icj) for pitifulness and pathos is in able of adequate description, a situa i which pleads for the immoi date and ipathetic attention of all right-thinking iple of whatever nationality, race or id. le position is that, as the result of n legislation and propaganda, nearly jOO German citizens mostly innocent and abiding , men,'women and children, the [e majority of them being of the Jew , Faith, have fled from Germany and r'now seeking to rebuild their broken s in other lands. )f that number, more than 7000 have * demic qualifications, including about 0 students. t is impossible to give exact figures, but is estimated that since March, 1933 tut 22,500 have gone overseas and sev 1 thousands have settled in European intries. 10,000 Jews have left Germany Palestine during the'Nazi regime. For ately, Palestine enjoys the distinction being one of the few prosperous regions the world, thfe happy situation being ! in no small measure to the steady in ? of industrious and capable immigrants n Central Europe, bringing with them ferial and physical resources and what nest important, the creative force of an • al. : ■ n regard to the intellectcuai refugees, ie 1,300 scholars have been displaced, e Academic Assistance Council in Lon 1, whieh has done wonderful'" work in i direction of placing and assisting em nt refugee scholars, estimates that about 10 professional people have emigrated, len one counts the members of the lilies of such emigrated academic peo ,we arrive at a figure of near'y 11,000 sons belonging to the academic and Sessional classes who have to be cared ■hanks to the untiring efforts of such anisations as the Academic Assistance bncil in London, the Emergency Com !«e in Aid of Displaced German Schol in New York and the Comite des Sa lts in Paris, more than 400 of such schol have found work and of that number may be considered to be placed on a manent basis. • - the 4,500 professional peojole in emi hon, roughly 1900 are estimated to have Nd permanent or temporary places of rk. - . ,■ . - fhe International Student Service, which primarily responsible for the work on laIf of the students,, have given scholar Ps both for the continuation of studies ■ for retraining purposes to 133 emi students and has secured positions free places in retraining institutions for |mef; 60 students. II the general body of refugees about ® fled to England 30000 to France and 10 to Holland, in which countries they febeen kindly and hospitably received, hese figures will have been consider v augmented owing to the many who t have recently fled from the Saar. regard to the world-wide eco f|0 crisis prevailing', the .task of cater I’Cfthe needs of these, many refugees extremely difficult added to which is •tendency in some quartern toward eco lc ®ationaliinhte‘ which' ‘ has further 6jg • fed the arduousness of this task of lei. - __ ^October, 1933,1"the League of Nations jmusmg the serious and; stupendous °iem created by the Nazi national po ^ ®ct up a High Commission for Refu ^ Wewish and other) coming from Ger y> which Commission, unlike other League Commissions is an autonomous body. The Council of the League named Mr James G. MacDonald, of New York as the High Commissioner and invited a number of countries to appoint represeatatives to constitute the Governing Body and 'ad vanced the sum of 25,000 Swiss francs as a loan for the initial administrative expen ses which loan has since been repaid. Viscount Cecil of Chelwood, representa tive of Great Britain, was elected Chair man of the Governing Body. A Perman ent Committee, composed of the Chair man, Vice-Chairman and the H'gh Com niissioner and the representative.', of Bel gium, France and Holland, were set up to act as an executive for the larger body. An Advisory Council was created, com prising representatives of Jewish organisa tions and communities, of non-Jewish or ganisations, and of international bodies which deal with particular classes of re fugees. The High Commissioner does not under take direct work of relief, as that would be impracticable, nor does he act as the medium for the collection and disburse ment of relief funds. At the very begin ning it was agreed that his functions were to be threefold: 1 the conduct of negotiations with governments; 2\. the co-ordination of the work of private relief and emigration or ganisations; 3\. to participate personally in the efforts to secure funds fojr the work of private bodies. The High Commissioner, in conjunction with the various representative bodies re ferred to, has done wonderful work as shown in the report issued in November last following upon the Third Meeting of the Governing Body, upon which report the facts and figures I have quoted are mostly based. This work has been made possible only through the large funds raised by private organisations in most of the countries ad jacent to Germany, generously supplement ed by grants from the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, the Cen tral British Fund for German Jewry, the Jewish Agency for Palestine, and the Jew ish Colonisation Association, all of which have given up to the limit of the'* resour ces. . Considerably over one million pounds have been raised, chiefly through Jewish organisations in the United States, the Un ited Kingdom and France. In commenting upon the great generos ity of the Jewish Communities in many countries.,Viscount Cecil said “I am bound to, add that the: corresponding, effort made by the non-Jewish 'public on behalf of the refugees has not been so good. It is strik ing, he said, that as I understand it 20 per cent, of the refugees are non-Jewish. yet only 3 or 4 per cent.. of the relief money <;omes from non-Jewish sources.” From the beginning world opinion has made the mistake of considering the prob lem as a Jewish- one. It is ouly partly that. The victims are of many faiths and of various racial strains. The principles in volved are as broad as humanity itself. Jews throughout the world arc making desperate efforts to assist the refugees, but they cannot be expected to look after all the refugees. Among the non-Jewish exiles, in addi tion to a relatively small number of Com munists, are many of the -political and1 in tellectual leaders under the German' Re public-Democrats,.. moderate Socialists, pa cifists liberal professors, journalists. Cath olic priests, and Protestant Pastors. Hun dreds of these are now reduced to penury in various countries „to which they have fledi Among them are included some of the finest intellectual representatives of democratic Germany. ■ Let me now detail briefly* what has been done in the direction of ietraining • the refugees, which is one of the most en couraging ' features in the efforts to deal with this refugee problem. f In- almost every country of refuge groups of young men and women who in Ger many .were engaged in professions and in _ commerce are undergoing courses to pre pare them for manual work. . The principal organisation engaged in this work of retraining is the Jewish Voutfi Movement, the Haluz or pioneer, which aims especially at training settlers for Pal estine, and which has established agricul tural centres in the .countries adjacent to Germany and also in Sweden, Latvia, Italy and Jugoslavia. In addition, it is engaged : in several countries in apprenticing the refugees with local farmers. In France it is responsible for the training of 300 per S°In Denmark, the Haluz has placed 200 young men and women with Danish farm ers, most of these are therefore one year only. In several countries the organisations known as the Ort as well as the Zionists maintain training centres. In Holland over 200 are being trained in agricultural, manual and domestic work. There is a Jewish training village in a reclaimed area of the Zuder. Zee which has been generously put at the disposal of the Jewish Committee by the Netherlands Government for a period of ten years. At present 120 young persons are work ing there, but there will shortly be accom modation for 250. They receive a thorough preparation in agriculture, horticulture or technical work. The woman students are being trained in domestic science. A for mer eye-doctor in Germany is working, as a gardener,' a’ former actor as a carpenter. In France, thanks to the facilities offer ed by the French education authorities, 250 refugees are attending French Techni cal schools free of charge, and judging by .the exhibits of their work, they —have shown a real capacity for’ manual labour. In Holland the Quakers have founded a school at Ommen for tKe training of child ren from Germany and in England they have set up a grout) training for land work in the Garden City of Welwyn. In Kent, a semi-private enterprise has arranged for German boys and girls to at tend a school of training in manual work (and land work). By such and many other. nV>voments, ef forts are being made for the re- orientation of those who in Germany were engaged in the liberal professions and'in commerce so as to fit them-4or a simpler productive life in a new home. One has the right to expect that the en lightened nations of the world will be will ing to accord exceptional privileges to these organisations so that their work may not be hampered, for the granting of such facilities cannot in any way jeopardise the interests of the native residents. So far, the refugees have not become a charge upon the public funds of the coun tries where they are resident. The Governments of these countries have shown a disinclination to grant permits to work to the refugees which fact, in the present circumstances, can be well under stood. At the san^e time, it can be proved that definite economic benefit has accrued to the countries of refuge for as in the case of Holland, refugees from Germany have introduced new industries and export and mercantile undertakings into the countries in which thy have taken refuge. Surely, on the grounds of humanity alone all countries ought to accord the most lib eral possible treatment through their ad ministrative .machinery to the refugees who, granted a greater sense of security, can prove distinctly advantageous to the countries ofr their residence. Only through such enlarged facilities, can the hapless refugees retain theii morale and be able to care for themselves. The group settlement of refugees in countries overseas is impracticable, but many of them could be easily absorbed in individuals into existing communities, if it were arranged for a fixed number of care fully selected refugees to be admitted each year during certain periods. It is estimated that for the purposes of such emigration a sum of not less than £250,000 is fequired. To raise that sum is the outstanding difficulty to- day. With regard to the intellectual refugees and particularly the brilliant scholars from Germany who are now without employ ment, I would express the confident hope that the great Universities of the world including those of Australia, will be pre pared to demonstrate in a practcical man ner that in their view the brotherhood of learning transcends all racial, religious and national distinctions and that they are all ready and willing to provide within their walls, fields of work for those able re search scholars whose scientific work in Germany has been §p rudely and tragically terminated. The problem of German refugees has latterly been” considerably aggravated by the fresh regulation of the_ Gerjpan Gov ernment which almost completely stops the remittancec of money from Germany to Germans abroad, a restriction which affects thousands of adult emigrarts who have hitherto been able to maintain them selves with the-.modest sums which they were able to receive monthly from Ger many and who now become dependent up on refugee organisations for their subsis tence. Again,*"those who wish to withdraw their own property from Germany are sub ject to.-the most severe restrictions, whe ther it be capifal or income that is con cerned. _ . . The policy of the Reich which has forc ed out of Germany thousands of her citi zens on racial or political grounds, thus creating a serious social and economic cris is for the adjacent countries to which these refugees naturally _ turned, cannot be re garded as a matter of purely domestic con cern, since it directly affects the economic position of foreign states. It is to be hoped that, as the result of international action, the burdens of the refugees will be greatly lightened and the resultant anxieties of hog pitable countries alleviated. Such in brief is the position which bas grown out of the policy of the Reich. Ev ery consideration of human brotherhood requires that Governments and private citi zens should collaborate for the purpose of vindicating the principles of religious ra cial and political toleration principles which are respected by all right-thinking people, including the members of Rotary who are pledged by their membership to champion the cause of Justice and Humanity. Men and women of the highest distinc tion in art, letters, science meoicine law and business are destitute. Careers ab ruptly ended, the work and devotion of a life time undone and rewarded by dismis sal. 