"NOT ADVERTISED." AUSTRALIAN BUTrER. Cr. Lewis on Distribution. "If our butter is to be a success on the London mar ket, it must be sold as it is produced, and not under the name of Empire butter," de clared Cr. W. Lewis, a director of the Queensland Farmers' Co-operative As sociation Ltd.. at a banquet given in his honour yester day. Cr. Lewis has just returned from three months' holiday in the Old Country. Cr. Lewis was welcomed by Mr. A. G. Muller, M.L.A., Chairman of Direc tors of the company. He said that Cr, Lewis had left Australia in Mlarch on a vslelt tu the Old Country after being absent from it for about 24 years. He and Mirs. Lewis had made the best use of their time while they were away and had had a very en joyable holiday. As one of the elected representatives of the dairying in dustry he had Investigated many phases of the industry while he was there. He carried letters of intro duction to some of the big distrlbu tors and consequently had been able to get a fair Insight into the methods of distribution of Australian products on the other side of the world. In addition, Cr. Lewis had been able to study the methods adopted by the Export Control Board in regard to advertising and sale of butter on a wholesale basis, and the methods of distribution through the retailer. The handling of other Australian products also had been inquired into by their guest,. "USUEFUL WORK." 'I must compliment Cr. Lewis on making a sucecess of his business in this country and as a director of this company, on the useful work he has done abroad," he said. "We do a.16t of idle talk In Australia sometimes re garding the best methods of market ing our product, and we are apt to become narrow in our outlook of things on the other side. Only when we have seen *or ourselves can we view t?arketing conditions In England through the true perspective. I would advise as many people in the industry as possible to go over to the Old Country and see what is belnk done there." Returning thanks Cr. Lewis said that the industry in which they were engaged was one of the biggest in Queensland to-day, and he considered It was his duty to make inquiries into the manner In which the business was transacted in Great Britain. It was nearly a quarter of a century since he had left England, and he was greatly surprised by the changes that had taken place in that time. "If you go all over the world you will never find a country like the Old Country," he declared enthusiastically. "Everyone seems, to be well off. I did not see anyone who was devoid of anything necessary to keep up a decent stand ard of living. This was not the case when I left there. The one thing that surprised and disappointed me was that the people did not care to hear about Australia. They are happy 'and contented, and do not wish for any change. The Australian Govern ment made a big mistake when it stated that it was going to people the country with immigrants from England. The Government has talked about bringing out boys and girls, but that is ridiculous, as we have young people of our own here who are un employed." After referring to the cost of living, roads, railways, wages, &c.;, Cr. Lewis made some interesting com ments on the dairying industry. PRODUCTS NOT ADVERTIPBED. He said that h6 did not see 6ne van on the road advertising Australian dairying products. At Greenwich he saw several vans belongingl to Messrs. Carter and Patterson. They were simply plastered with advertise monts of New Zealand butter and cheese, but did not refer to the Aus tralian product. The only advertise ment of Australian butter that he saw in England in the three months he was there was on the footboard of an electric tram. It was a remark able thing, he said, that the dairying industry should have been neglected, though he saw references to Austra lian wine, apples, and other goods. "Empire butter is the only brand you see," Cr. Lewis proceeded. "The Empire takes in a very wide area, and I object strongly to Australian butter not being sold as such. It is not right for it to be embodied in the one brand. The producers and manu facturers here go to pains to turn out a choice article, and when it gets over there it is lost. I do not object to the Empire brand, but if an article is produced in Australia, it should be sold as Australian butter. The New Zealand people are a long way ahead of the Australians simply because they advertise their goods. The quality of the Australian product is equal to if not better than the New Zealand butter. I maintain that our distribu ting and marketing authorities there should have acquainted us with the position." Cr. Lewis said that when he was at Hull, Wiltshire butter was bring ing 1/4 a lb., Danish 1/$, Irish 1/2, laypole and Colonial 1/. He was in dignant to know that Australian to the morgue for a post mortem ex amination. The discovery was made by MIr. butter was being sold as Empire butter at Hull. The fault lay with the distributors and could not be at tached to the producers. He added that when he spoke to one official in England about advertising and other matters, he blamed the directors in Melbourne Mr. Mluller: He Is pretty right In a way. Cr. Lewis: The New Zealand butter is not better quality: it is the way it Is put on the market that counts. SOLD TO BLENDERS. Mr. Muller: About 00 per cent. of thle butter that goes to England is sold to blenders. Cr. Lewis: I suppose much of the butter is blended, but they do not say that. I have it that some of the Devonshire companies are buying our butter and selling it as their own. I endeavoured to go throuth one fac tory, hut was not permitted. Cr. Lewis urged that two or three responsible dairy farmers should go home periodically and see how things were being carried on abroad. It would be more satisfactory for every body. To-day people were working in the dark Cr. WV. Hiarsant asked Cr. Lewis if he met any of the officers of the Ex port Board while on tour. He did not go over there for that purpose, Cr. Lewis replied, Mr. T. Flood Plunkett had done all the in vestigating that was necessary in this regard. There were some eases where Aus tralian butter was sold as such, Mr. Muller continued. He said that some years ago the Australian and New Zealand Board agreed to adver tise their butters as Empire. They thought it would be best to advertise that way. The time had come, how ever, when they would have to drop the Empire idea and get right down to the Australian. I am amazed to hear you suggesting, however, that no Australian butter is advertised in England. The Board of Control had spent a considerable amount of money In advertising, and he thought that there should have been something to show for it. Cr. ??ewls: I went all ov'er England end did not see any. The Chairman said that the New Zealand people said they found the same sort of thing. People from either Dominions wrho visltd England were inclined to pit one country against the other. He moved a vote of thanks to Cr. Lewis. his remarks being supplemented by Crs. H. Hal lett, W. Harsant, O. R. Mason, and Messrs. H. Pt. Stevens, P. O. Peters, and D. A. aFxelh9. 