An Egg's Musings On Policemen rpHE ghost of the Warwick Egg sighed across the Vole of Always- To - Be- Remembered- Episodes. "Did you see what they're doing now, Percy?" it asked softly. "Select ing the boys for the establishment of a special Federal police Force. They seem to forget that you and I did it years ago." For word had got around in the Federal sphere that a special force to protect military factories, muni tion works and other Commonwealth Mr. IP. M. Hughes undertakings in the various States would be enlist ed at once. It Is expected that at least 50 men will be employed in Victoria, and that a similar number will be enlisted for ser vice in N.S.W. Smaller units will be set up to police Fed eral works in the other States. TViotf will WPiir a uniiorm similar to that worn in N.S.W., except that the cap wi 1 be much more decorative. In addition to patrol work, they will be respon sible for the administration of many Federal statutes which are not ef- ficiently policed at present. WAS ALL-AUSTRALIAN There was nothing Danish about that Egg. It was first-class Austra lian and entitled to full Empire pre ference. Perhaps that was why it asserted itself to demand some explanation when no answer came across the void. "You know Percy," it mused softly, "mere was nocning of tnis noie ana corner announcement about such things when we were in our heyduy. Nothing but the front page for us then, eh? old boy? "Perhaps you were not as affection ate as you could have been, and Billy and 'One Eye Mac' seemed dis tinctly peeved whenever I was men tioned. But Matt and little Jlmmie, and Ted and the Queensland lads all loved me. "And the Press! You know if I hadn't become slightly decollete I could have been photographed in as many positions as any movie star. "I wnnrlpr where oiir'flrst t.wo Hear boys are now and if Major Jones is as kind to them as you were" the Egg continued. "You were almost a gen eral then Percy you know, old man." MORE DUTIES NOW A rather cold voice broke through the monologue. "These new men will have . many mote duties than merely flirting with an Egg, even If It has become historic," Percy said frigidly. "Of course," the Egg rejoined. "I forgot! Their duties will include the detection of persons who, disregard ing Immigration laws, make their way without authority into Australia. Now, if Gerald Griffin or Kis . . "Ssh," said Percy warningly. "Tom is going to make a trip to Alice Springs and you might disturb him if you go on like that." The Egg was silent for a moment and, then uttered a string of syllables which sounded like an attempt to translate "Blithering Blazes" into Welsh. 