Ships and . TRAVElf By "NAUTICUS" TJESPITE the oft-repented asser tion that the haughty albatross pecks the eyes out of unfortunate mariners washed overboard in rag ing westerly gales running the Easting-down in sailing ships, there is at least one case on record In which a sailor who was swept over the side of his ship by a gigantic . wave owed his life, without the loss of his eyes, to one of the birds lord ing it over that vast stretch of tempestuous southern ocean. Between the Cape of Good Hope and Tas mania' the man referred to' disappeared into a smother of sea from the ship Glad stone, owned by Fred Dangnr, of Sydney When Cuptaln Jackson ' and Chief Mate Logan cnlfod for volunteers to man a boat —no mean undertaking In such a terrific Acaway — every apprentice in the half-deck, till of whom had signed indentures at Syd ney to learn the profession of a ship- ofllccr, Immediately offered his services. The boat was Inunched successfully after a lot of exertion and risk of life, when, with W. Taylor, third mate, and H. Sturdee a relative of tho Admiral. Percy Raymond. : W. G. Gilchrist, now residing l Cole Hill. Dorset, England, and the late L. F. Mann, one of Australia's most noteworthy yachts men of the past, at the oars, n determined attempt was made to save the life of the hapless sailor. . j '< For a long time it seemed us if . they had braved the dangers of' the turbulent sea for nothing. Then Mann noticed a big nlbntross floating on the crest of a wave some distance ofT, a sight that tilled them with disgust, knowing the treatment usually meted out by such birds to those luckless enough to fall victims to them. The rowers pulled over to the bird, not with any expectations of finding their shipmnte, but with every intention of wreaking vengeance on it for finishing him otr so cruelly. Their surprise eun be imagined when thev discovered at close quarters that the ulbatross, instead of polishing of! the sailor as it had doubtless intended, had been wounded by his sheath-knife In a desperate struggle, and the mariner hud seized It. and kept a strangle-hold on its neck to prevent It from pecking him to death It had nctuallv saved him from drowning by keeping him afloat until the crew of thr snip's boat picked him up, suffering no Ill- effects from the ordeal but a shock, from which he soon recovered. One of the tobacco pouches owned by the late L. V. Mann came from the web-feel of the bird in question after he had despatched it to Davy Jones's cupacious locker with scuni ceremony, and regardless of ancient nautical superstition in connectfon with killing an albntross. THE SKIPPER'S LOG Red Cross on Sail (Erik H. Roylc, 36 Moore-street, Roscville. N.S.W.). — The red cross on the fore lower topsail of the pic ture ol' the ship Dreadnought (Captain Snmuels), In the painting done by the., late j Spurling, stood for the emblem of \the company owning the ship— the Red Cross Line. The Swallowtnll Line and Black ball Line also decorated the lower topsail? of their ships In a similar manner, thereby establishing their Identity at sea - without resort to house flags. To overcome weather helm some of-, the earlier clippers had a sail called the Jamie Green (on account of Green's ships being . the first to use them), spread undei the jib-boom between the end of the. boom and tho cat head; the halliards -went to the Jib-boom end, the tack to the lower end of tho martindale, and the inner clow of the sail was flattened or cased by a pendant from the fore-rigging, and a whip to the forecastle head. The sail, which was tilled with fool-wind of the jib, wa t. u prime favorite when clippers wore racing with ten. us it pulled hard and every inch told both In light and moderate breezes. Thomas Pctley, of Lower Ersklne- strcuL. can advise you about the ship's clock. Ancient Tugboat i\Y. Roberts, Newcastle). — J. and A. Brown's old paddle-wheel tug Commodore, known to every sailor who ever visited Newcastle in a sailing ship since she was commissioned In 1878, was put out , of uctlon finally after 53 years' service on September 8, 1931. when she was scuttled five miles outside the Nobbys. The steamer Hunter met- a simllur (ale on June 1. 1833, when she was sunk 15 miles outside of Sydney. She was built in 1884. carried 350 passengers, und was sold to breakers in 1928 The Clipper Cuirnbulg <G. K Foster, VVagga, N.S.W.).— She was ail iron ship ol 1567 tons, built for the Australian trade by Duthle, of Aberdeen, for the Dutlfle licet 01 regular packets, and was commanded lu ncr curly career by Captain A. Bimie, whose name is well remembered on thq Sydney waterfront. The vessel was regarded as one of the pietliest models trading here when such ships as the Thermopylae, und Brilliant were in their prime, and she had . an extraordinary end. Sold to Russians and renamed Hellas, she soon changed hands, und was trunsrerrcd to the Danish flag .ana culled the Alexandra. In Novenibuj, lOtW-s-je' - left Newcastle Willi coal Tor Panama, /At the -end of April, when she was 162 days out, being uninsurable nt 80 guineas, she was taken off the overdue list 'and posteu us missing by Lloyd's famous Lutino bcli at headquarters. Two months inter one oi her bouts, in charge ol the mute, w'u> picked up off the South American coast. The officer reported that the vessel liud occn abandoned on May 8 — when she was 170 days out— owing to. provisions running out, and for no other reason whatever, us the ship was perfectly seaworthy at the time. A search party sent out for the ship failed to find her, Lut some time later she was found with her buck broken on Alber- merle Island after a long ocean drift hud sent her there to her doom unmanned. Her insurance on hull and cargo amounted t" A,OU,UUU. Fast Windjammers (C. Heath, Corflela. Queensland).— Among the mlsccllaneou windjammer records which have been au thenticated are those of the Drumalls, m 1898 from Capelown to Newcastle in 24 days, and the Andortnha, in 24 V days. i» i900, from Newcastle to Vulpuralso. Wcn- dur, 28 days 13 hours, and Loch Torrldon. 30 days 2 hours, In 1896; Newcastle to ShanghAi, Thermopylae. 28 days; New York to Sydney, Westgute, 80 days, in 1807; Cape town to Sydney, Siren. 25 days. In 1895. Be tween New York and 'Frisco the passages ol 89 days accomplished by the Flying Clouci In 1851, and again in 1854, were only equalled once, when the Andrew Jackson put up the same time In 1860. The others to come nearest to them were the Sword- fish, 40 days. In 1853; Flying Fish, 92 days, In 1853; John Gilpin 83 days, in 18a3; Sweepstakes, 94 days, In 1850; and the Sqr- ; firisc and Romance of the Scus, 96 days, ; n 1851 and 1854 respectively. All ol the , vessels In the record list wero 'built 'oi/ wood. Windsor Custlc Again.— "Old ShipWriglit., ''i 914 Orown-strect, Sydney, writes:— , / May I he permitted to add u little, fur ther re 'the Lumberman's Lusslc, forptetly'' tho Windsor Oastld of Aberdeen.? I. kndw. her wall. as a coal hulk round' the harbor, '. While some of her planking and fittings' may have been of grecnhcart and ulti mately used, as another correspondent stated, for making railway trucks, carriages and numerous fishing rods, her main tim bers — ribs, knees, crooks and keelson — were of oak, and too warped, split and shaken to be of service in constructional work" of 1 any kind. They were Iron fastened and could not be removed without bursting tho timbers. They laid in the Clyde depot storeyard for many years, a huge.' but -very expensive, Joke. Another version, from an ex-foremnn wood machinist of the yard, stilted previ ously that the Railways Department bought the vessel in 1918 in the belief that she was built of teak, then badly uecded for carriage construction work. Ho claims to have handled all the keel, which wus 24 by 24 inches, from which in one 12-fl, length he got two full kerosene tins of copper rivets. It hud been sheatlicd three times with copper. A. Rokos, 82 Darllngton-roud, Darlington, served lu thu other ship. Windsor Castle, as a boy of 16 in 1872, R. Green, of London, was the owner. They carried first-class passengers to Melbourne, then to Newcastle to loud for Hongkong and Manila for London, where, uftcr several voyages h> other dccp-scu ships, he passed for second mate and joined the crack Aberdunlan clip per, Samuel Pllmsofi, bound for Sydney. Captain Hurrlson, R.N.r., was skipper of tho Windsor Castle In his day, and the old sailor, who is now over 80 and a pen sioner, 16 anxious to know of any other old salt who can supply him with first hand Information of the abandonment of the vessel at sou In 1884. Ship Itatu.— J. E. Turner. 68 Spit-road, Mosmnn: J. R. Colvln, of Kccplt, Manilla. N.S.W.. could probably supply you with.1 the information vou want/ He was second mate of the ship when she caught fire, and through others of her adventures before she caught Arc and became a total loss on Jununry 12, 1906, at Newcastle. He de scribed the trip across the Pacific from Ohllt with a cargo of saltpetre as a night mare. She took 00 days and went short of grub before being burnt out, and what was left of her after the Arc was: towed to Middle Hurbor and benched out of the wny of shipping. Old-timers seek old shipmates and any Incidents rclutlng to the following vessels: Port Victor, which arrived in Sydney with Immigrants 52 venrs ago; Enrl of.Dunmore. on the long triangle— England, Australia/ South Atncrlcu and home to England again —up to a fairly recent date; and tho Ocean Empress, which arrived here In May, 1$6JL under command of Cnptnln Macdonald .untf ciilof officer Evans. The Inquiries come from C. Hopiier, of 10 Loughlln-street. Ro- zelle; W. J. Kerr. Orchard-street. CardilT. . N.S.W.; and F.E.D., May-street, Eastwood, Sydney, respectively. 