The Eskimos of Labrador iuumm,,imiii..fm,mii.iimiimM..iitimii.Mi.in^ TOURIST JOURNEY AMONG QUAINT PEOPLE tiiiMiiiiimiiimiiiiinimitiiiiimrtiiiiiiiiiiinmiiiniitiiiiMiiiHttittii miiiiiiiiittiiTMiiiiftiiiiitiiifiiiiniiiiMntititiiiniiniiiiiiiiii- tiiittMiniiiniiiiiuiiiiiiintttiiMiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiti lUittmiminiitfiiiitiHiiumtmiiiiiniiiiutiitiitniiiiiii Fierce Heat Inside the Arctic Circle If; Labrador, the land of kayaks and cariboo, the summer heat is so intense that the Eskimos wear bandana handkerchiefs for protection. The writer of this article relates his impressions of a little-known people. THE coast of Labrador stretches from just west of Bradore Harbour, in the Belle Isle Strait, lo I just south of the Island containing Cape Chidley, in the extreme north, writes Edwin Felstead in the "Empire Review." The total length of this coastline must be more than 1,000 miles. Deeply indented, the littoral is furnished with a number of islands and rocks, and Hamilton. Inlet, the largest field, is situated about a third of the distance along the coast from the south. The mainland is little known to the tourist, owing partly to its very severe Arctic climate, partly to its being cut off from outside areas by the fields of pack-ice, which often prevent the one tourist steamer getting anywhere to the north of Alaska. Labrador now includes a large Interior area, making the total area of the territory more than that of the British Isles. This so-called Newfoundland on the Conti- nent" may be divided into two parts Southern Labrador, or Grenfell's, and Northern Labrador-which Is the true Ekimoan country. Southern Labrador is south of Hamilton Inlet, with Cartwright, in Sandwich Bay, as the capital. The northern section is free from fogs, although the winter cold Is forbidding. The first Eskimo settlement north of Rigolet, in Hamilton Inlet is Aillik, which I visited in April, just as the icefields J were breaking. The cold was intense, a | biting easterly wind driving the snow into I feathery clouds. In the afternoon I was ! told that it would be dangerous to take I a steel ship up to Hopedale, mind that we I must turn back for the time being. My second attempt to reach Hopedale proving successful, I found the air so clear that ; when our ship anchored three miles off- shore the distance from the rail to the jetty appeared less than 600 yards. The water was crystal clear, and we saw many killer whales nosing around the ship. Sometimes when a bear gets marooned, upon a piece of ice broken off from an ice- , field, these killers will follow the raft for miles until the warmer waters melt the ice, when the bear is torn to pieces. But j on this occasion there were no bears in a sight. The distant mountains, although fully 50 miles inland, appeared to be just behind the village. Several canoes came out to meet the steamer. The Eskimos are born EIGHTY YEARS AGO -?- j from "The Argus" for the week ended Saturday, October 6, 1855. Fitzroy Ward Inspector Harri- son has intimated that henceforth all dogs found at large without having a collar around the neck, according to the requirement of the act, will be seized and forwarded to the Eastern Hill gaol. If not claimed they will be destroyed. Half the fines, c, less expenses, will be handed over to the hospital bazaar fund. The net proceeds arising from prosecutions under the Goat Impounding and Management of Towns Act will also be handed over to the some fund. Boaters. An enterprising immigrant from Yarmouth has introduced a new branch of production into the colony. Thinking, naturally, that there could be "nothing like bloaters," he has set about preparing the produce of Port Phillip I fisheries in a manner similar to that I pursued in his native town towards the herrings, and which has made the locality so famous. His store, in Bourke street, attracts the attention of the passers-by by posters announcing "Port Phillip Bloaters"; and heaps of herrings, salmon, and whiting, duly prepared, are exposed for sale. Royal Mail Ship. - White Star Line of Liverpool Packets. - First Vessel for Liverpool Direct. - The splendid clipper ship Ben Nevis, 3,500 tons burthen. Captain William Heron, will have immediate despatch for the above port as the Royal Mail Packet of October 17. This beautiful ship, so deservedly celebrated as the pioneer of the White Star Line, attracted more attention at the time of her departure on account of the various improvements intended for the convenience and comfort of emigrants than any other passenger ship then in the Australian trade; and we mention, in connection with her extensive accommodations, that her promenade deck is upwards of 200 feet in length. -[Advt.] sailors, and manipulate their kayak boats with such skill that they often go out to sea in these frail craft. As the boats came nearer they looked like so many men walk- ing in the water up to their armpits, with arms stretched out at their sides. This was due to the long double paddles wielded by the seal- hunters. When a kayak happens to "turn turtle" the sailor brings his craft upright again by turning it round. There are only 20 of these boats at Hope- dale, and no more than about 100 in the whole coast. Few Eskimos can swim, and the reader, may judge for himself of the skill possessed by these little men when it is remarked that at times Eskimos have journeyed across the Davis Strait to visit their brothers along the West Greenland coast. In the interior of Labrador are found wolves, foxes, bears, and cariboo, although in recent years the continual hunting of these wild reindeer by the Eskimos, who are now provided with rifles, has tended to drive the deer away into the hills. At one time 2,000,000 cariboo roamed the land in large hands, but to-day the number is greatly reduced. At one time Eskimos lived during the summer In huts of slabs of stone and turf, now they dwell in wooden houses in summer, and in calico tents when on fish- ing ships. When on long winter journeys they live in ice-houses, or igloo. At Hope- dale there stands a Moravian Church and a store of the Hudson's Bay Company. The Moravian Church used to care for the Eskimos trade, but since their old wooden auxiliary ship, the Harmony, was sold, all the trade passed into the hands of the Hudson's Bay people, who have undertaken to care for the Eskimos, who are not permitted to get hold of intoxicating drinks. weather-beaten, But Healthy Studying the Eskimos, I found that as one goes north they become more weather beaten. All, however, are healthy, and in striking contrast to the Indians of the interior, who are reserved, unsociable, and grave. The Eskimos are, on the other hand, bright and quick to learn. The popular idea of these people being dull and stupid like animals Is entirely erroneous; they make fine scholars, and many play the violin and organ well. They have a passion for dancing, and whereas Indians rarely display any emotion, Eskimoan children and even grown- ups laugh and joke and are extremely lively. The typical eastern Eskimo has a long head, broad, short face, and oblique eyes, with flat features, and straight black hair coarse in texture. They are mostly Mongoloids. A few resemble the Red Indians, when the nose is Roman, and the features deeply chiselled. Some anthropologists hold that the Eskimo had an Alpine origin, others that he is nothing but an Indian, adapted to specialised life in the Arctic. The language is related to that of the Indian, but the physical type tends to remind one of the Japanese or Thibetan. In Greenland, under benevolent Danish care, the natives are increasing, and there are now more than 15,000, including a few half-breeds. In the Labrador coast, however, the number appears to be stationary at 850. j My wish to get to the settlement of lokkak was satisfied when two days later I went ashore, to find a few dozen Eskimos digging the snow away from their houses. In the south the skins of adult natives were light yellowish, but now at Okkak they were like tawny leather, although many children had rosy cheeks with hardly any pigment In the skin. The men and boy's allow the hair to CLOTHED I" OR COM FOR F. NOT SPEED This Eskimo woman takes no chances with the Arctic winter winds grow long, It being "bobbed" to the shoulders and cut across the forehead In a fringe. Most of the men I met looked just like monks, in their hooded parkes jackets, which are lined inside and out with seal- skins. At Hopedale, the natives were just about to change into European clothes for summer, but at Okkak the Eskimos still had the prospect of a few weeks more of bitterly cold weather before they could very well discard their warm furs. The pure Eskimo dog is rarely seen NOT SO PRIMITIVE.-'Flu's Eskimo man is taking a drink from his thermos flask. Small fortunes made from the fur trade enable many Eskimos to enjoy the comforts of civilisation. nowadays its place having been taken by nothing more or less than a breed of domesticated local wolf Some sledge dogs are merely European breeds others more girls originating with the mixing of Eskimo dogs and introduced animals Usu alls fed on salmon the sledge dogs sleep in the snow which is there drink I met one Eskimo with a domesticated white or Arctic wolf which was quite tame But the sledge dogs are sometimes so fierce that they have been known to turn found upon Ihtii Eskimoan drivers and tear them to pieces fierce heat of Summer In summer Labrador is a place of never heal millions of mosquitoes swarm every- where making life for Europeans un- beatable It is then that cariboo retreat for relief into the hills In winter time it is difficult to believe that this glaring white forbidding coast could in a few weeks be transformed into a green flower- ing land with poppies growing every where and the Eskimos wearing bandana handkerchiefs to protect them from the rays of the sun I saw more natives in kayaks it h simply amazing how these men manage to remain afloat in their flimsy craft being tossed about on mountainous, seas The men I saw were returning from a sealing hunt and each sailor had one or two fur seals across his canoe As the little fleet of 12 boats passed us the men shouted in farewell, for our fishing boat was now leaving harbour for the bleak north. In the height of the fishing season scores of Spanish and Portuguese fishing boats harbour along the coast, making good use of the numerous fjords in bad weather. But few of these intrepid fishers venture beyond Hopedale, owing to the dread possibility of getting caught in the ice-pack, when such a happening would spell disaster. Efforts have been made for some years now to keep outsiders from landing at Esklmoan villages on any pretext In Greenland the Danish Government made the landing regulations so strict that it is with great difficulty that a tourist can even get inside the coastal waters in Labrador the authorities have found that contact with the outside world tends to make the Eskimos travel south and built around the lumber camps in Hamilton Inlet Accordingly the Hudson Bay, Company has undertaken to see that I Eskimos are not encouraged to travel to the south of Aillik 