j .. . . ., ? I Qflliilim ? NTT7'*riff[iirt Tti.1, , , SAINT VINCENT DE PAUL SONG. You who know but Fate's carossinff, Give to the Poor! You whose day la ono long blessing, Give to tho Poor! You who no' or, to meet the morrow, Bent or rations needs must borrow, Which repaid not brings new sorrow, Give to tho Poor) You whose ear Is strange to wailing, Give to tho Poor! You who know nor ache nor ailing, Give to the Poor! V/han In bleak and atormv weather Want and sickness come together, Sympathy is — but a feather; Give to tho Poor! Faith and Hope and Love shall guard, who Give to the Poor: Faith shall guide, and Hope reward, who Give to the Poor: And, era death with bonds shall bind them And their gold they leave behind them, As they must; would Love remind them: Give to the Poor! GEOEGE BUCKLEY. Sydney, May, 1935. Peace and War. OATHOLIO PRINCIPLES EXPLAINED. 'Ethics of Peace and War.' By Rev. H. Gigon, Ph.D., with & Foreword by Lord Howard of iPenrith. London: Burns, Oatee and Wash bourne, Ltd. 2s not. War-clouds are darkening the European horizon and so the ethics of peace and war become a. subject of special interest and importance. The last war, with its disas trous consequences, has exasperated many people, and driven them to ask why politi cal authority should be allowed to make war, especially since modern wars have only aggravated the evils they pretended to remove. Pacifism is a growing movement. A few years ago Father P. Stratmann, O.P., in his book, 'The Church and War,' advocated a kind of pacifism. Now, Father Gigon gives us the other side of the ques tion, and claims scholastic theologians, fre quently St. Thomas, in support of his princi ples. While deprecating the fact of war, which is due ultimately to the disordered appetites of man, he contends that wars will inevitably occur, and that they may be in future, as they have sometimes been in the past, justifiable. The basis of the jus tification for war, is, paradoxically enough, pacific; for it is the principle that States are bound to establish peace, because peace is an indispensable condition for the com mon welfare of men. This natural right to peace in any State involves the right to re pel with violenco infringements of that peace by another State — and this is war. The conditions required to justify war can bo laid down by the moralist only in broad principle; and the concrete applica tion of them must be entrusted to the poli tical authority, which is cognisant of the facts in particular cases. In exercising this extremely responsible office, attention must be paid above all to the 'just cause.' In justice committed by another Stato cau warrant war, provided that reparation can not be obtained in some other way, and provided that the offence is sufficiently grave to justify the horrors of war (which in future promise to be very horrible, in deed). Amongst the justifying causes, the author gives the following examples: 'If a State refuse to exchange goods with another, without serious reasons, and in order to benefit itself alone, this country is guilty of an act of injustice, and if there be no other way of obtaining satisfaction, this would be a just cause to declare war.' A simi lar right holds, he thinks, in regard to emi gration and immigration. Again, he says, that the 'right of intervention' enables a State to interfere, even by means of arms, in another State, and impose a new form of government, owing to 'the incapacity of the political authority, to the lack of civilisation in the natives.' But, we need hardly add, not every doctor will ngree with him on these points. We can all heartily endorse Father Gi gon '6 assertion that war is the outcome of human wickedness, such as pride and greed, and we can all deprecate tho break-up of i European order as a result of the Protest ant revolt, with the resultant destruction of charity, which is the basis of true peace. At the same time we should educate future generations on the futility of war, and at least try to do with it what has been done with the slave trade and other social ovils. Our copy is from the publishers. Christ Church, Dublin. INSTRUCTIVE PAMPHLET. 'Dublin's Catholic Cathedrals — Christ Church.' By R»v. Mylea V. Ronan, JK.R.LA. Dublin: 'Irish Messenger' Office. 2d net. Such booklets as this -!o a great deal of good by popularising history. Father Ro nan 'b outline of the Catholic history oi! Christ Church Cathedral has a timely inter est in view of the controversy recently published in the 'Sydney Morning Herald' on the question of its mooted transfer back to Catholic hands. Father Eonan seizes our interest in his opening sentence, when he recalls that Chriat Church was a Catholic Cathedral for 500- years, and holds it firmly to the last, in which he winds up his views on the right of ownership of tho Cathedral with the late Father Bernard Vaughan's homely il lustration of tho cuckoo, 'whose unjust ten ancy of tho nest does not make it of the kith and kin of the nest-builder.' Obligations of Trust. Between these sentences he traces the history of this venerable Catholic institu tion from its foundation nine centuries ago, when Danish Dublin was a diocese of Rome, down to the present. He shows that its Ca tholic history i9 longer by more than 100 years than its Protestant history; he in dicates tho generosity with which Danish kings and earls, native Irish princes and chieftains, endowed the holy place at the beginning, when the lands granted for its upkeep stretched from Portarne to Killi ney; and how, after the Anglo-'N'orman in vasion, the new lords of the soil made fur ther grants to the Cathedral and priory of Augustinian canons introduced into it in the meantime by St. Laurence O'Toole, Arch bishop of Dublin. He brings up document ary proof of bequests of property in Dublin and Meath to the Priors and Canons and their successors for Requiem Masses and Offices for ever. 'It may be presumed,' writes Father Ronan, 'that the Dean and Chapter to-day enjoy the fruits of these grants to the same — if not more — extent as formerly the Prior and convent enjoyed them. There is no difference between those two bodies as to the obligation of a legal charitable trust. Do the Dean and Chapter earry out these sacred trusts, and if not, why not? The founder of the present Chapter, Henry VIET., recognised these legal obligations.' Wiping Out the Past. No surviving church has gone through so many transformations and restorations as this old Cathedral. They cover a period of almost 800 years; while the changes are so bewildering that even eminent architects are baffled by them. Father Ronan outlines the chief alterations carried out through the ages, and emphasises the ruthless and wan ton destruction of most of its associations before the Protestants seized it from the rightful owners. ? ? ? « A Harmony of the Gospels ARCHBISHOP GOODIER'S ABLE BOOK. 'The Word Incarnnte.' A Harmony of tho Gos peli. By the Most Rev. Albsn Goodicr, R.J., Archbishop of Hierapolig. London: Burns, Oatea and Washbourne, Ltd. 5s net. Archbishop Goodier needs no introduction to the Catholic reading public. He is well known for his many books on the august Person of Our Lord, to which sacred study he has devoted moBt of his literary labours ever since his resignation from the Arch bishopric of Bombay, in 1926. This elegant little volume, a harmony of the four Gospels, may be regarded as h supplement to his larger works on the Pub lic Life and the Passion and Death of Our Saviour. The Evangelists, as we know, gave us four distinct narratives, each con tributing many special details to the whole inspired history of Our Lord. A harmony is a combination of the four narratives into one single and consecutive account. As early as the second century, a harmony, -r 'Diatessaron, ' was made by Tatian, the apologist; and since then many have been composed in Greek, Latin, and other lan guages. In English few harmonies have ap peared; but now we have a very handy one by an eminent Catholic writer. *The Archbi shop tella us that hiB harmony is founded on that of Tischondorf, with a few altera tions. His method is to take tho Gospel events in order, and to repeat verbatim the accounts of the Evangelists who recorded such incidents, and then, lastly, to give the combined account or harmony, compos ed by himself. Tho work is completed by a helpful list of all the ovonts, with the respective references. The book is not only a valuable help to study, but also a suit able manual for meditation or spiritual reading. Our copy is from the publishers. King George's Reign. A TEMPERATE SURVEY. ?; ' 'The Reign of King Georgo the Fifth : An Eng v lish Chronicle.' By D. O. Somervell. London: ? Fober and Faber. 12b 6d net. Mr. Somervell 's book is a bolder onter priso than his modest sub-title would sug gest. It is English only in so far as it considers world events from an English standpoint, and taken in the large it is not a chronicle at all but a sober and ju dicious history. It is indeed one of the surprises of the book to discover how much of the transition to democracy can now be set in historical perspective. Not that Mr. Somervell neglects his opportuni ties as a chronicler. In his account of the War years in particular he is at pains to distinguish between what people thought at the time and what we now know to have happened. History will make no mention of the Russian troops which were believed to have passed through England in the opening phase of the War; but Mr. Som ervell rightly tells us of them and of the conception of Russia's power and efficiency which accounted for the general belief in their existence, and which yielded so re luctantly to the pressure of events. Mr. Somervell is least of a historian and most of a chronicler in his section on the War. He is content, as a rule, to leave it to posterity to pass judgment on con troversial eventB. On the other hand, ho is more outspoken in his verdicts on i'ndi duals. He rates Kitchener high and Wil son low, and is more impressed by Haig's competence, impeccable in ,all respects except his attitude towards tanks than by Mr. Lloyd George's 'slap-dash genius.' Capital and Labour. In his treatment of domestic events, Mr. Somervell is at pains to show a continuous development, accelerated rather than de flected by the special circumstances of the War yearB. He points out that even before the Parliament Act became law democratic opinion had begun to show itself indifferent to the traditional aims of Liberalism. More than this, it was showing little concern with politics at all. Economic change was what interested it, and especially chango in tho distribution of the national income. What made the situation more complex was that politics were beginning to interest wo men just when they were ceasing to inter est men, so that Ministers had to deal with suffragettes as well as strikers. The War at least removed that particular tension. It also put ideas of syndicalist Labour out of date, though they persisted until they were involved in the failure of the general strike. In their place the War brought tho conception, worked out by the Ministry of Munitions, of a planned economy di rected by the State. While on the one hand the War experience of industry led to a new idealism which both capital and la bour could serve, on the other it produced a new extremism which demands that the State shall be responsible for its .citizens, offering them either work or maintenance. The book concludes' with a chapter on the King's personal contribution to the present influence of the Crown. ? . * * # Canards or Cannibals. IN THE OCEANIC ISLANDS. 'Cannibal Quest.' By Gordon Sinclair. London: Hurst and Blaekett. 12s Od not. Mr. Gordon Sinclair warns his readers that his book should not be taken as a guide book or text book to 'the fabulous lands' it touches on. That warning is necessary, for his aim is to find the startling and fan tastic in news while wandering in remote parts of the world as 'vagabound reporter' of the Toronto 'Star.' He travels, he as sures us, without prejudices, hopes, plans, itinerary, or inhibitions, and with nothing much but two eyes, a passport, and a tire less curiosity. During a nomadic career in search of words he has slept in everything, from box cars to luxury liners, and has man aged to be fairly comfortable in both. In this instalment of his Odyssey he takes us with him to Papua, Bali, North Borneo, Siam, Burma, and Baluchistan. Accuracy is not his strong point; for example, there is no evidence of cannibalism in North- Bor neo, either past or present. Follow the Mass. LEARN TO USE THE MISSAL. Undoubtedly, the best way to follow the Mass is by means of a Missal. And, one of the easiest ways of becoming thorough ly familiar with the beautiful prayers of the Roman Missal is by reading Father F. J. Bryant's Missal Guide. It enables you to see at a glance the plan of tho Missal, and to understand its general contents. It explains tho different parts of the Mass . . . those which vary every clay, and those which do not change. ' The* Missal Guide also gives interesting explanations of the meaning of the Mass, and the use and significance of the sacred vessels and vestments. It provides, in condensed and readable form, knowledge that every Ca tholic should possess. Tho Missal Guide is obtainable from Pellegrini and Co., at Is 3d (postage Id). * * * * Peadar O'Donnell. CATHOLIC AUTHOR. Titlbs of the fiction from tho pen of Peadar O'Donnell, Catholic writer include the following: Storm: A Siory of the Irish War. Islanders. 