The Valley Of Praise NAME THAT WAS A RECORD OF LOYALTY AND GRATITUDE |fp! HERE is no act more ungracious than the handing back of a gift that is offered in tlll« good faith or the scorning of a compliment that is sincerely meant, and yet that is what South Australia is doing in her persistent refusal to restore to Tweedvale the name ' which would stand to-day, in this country of little history, for an historical record of loyalty and gratitude, offered to Australia and the British throne for the homes and religious freedom granted to a band of people, persecuted and denied the right of free thought in their own land. . • PURELY 110 greater expression of love of their new land could have been given by those early pioneers, who settled along the beautiful valley of the Onkaparinga. than to call their new home Lobethal—the valley of praise. Praise to God for the fertile land where they might worship as they wished and praise and gratitude, to the nation that offered what meant as much to them as life itself. No easy feat had been that of travel ling from the land of their birth. to the distant Australian shores. The voyage on the "Skiold," a Danish trading ship of 400 tons, took over four months and during that time fifty two of the immigrants died of some mysterious disease that broke out on the ship; the deaths occurring at an average of three a week. Having embarked on June 14, 1841,. the pioneers reached Port Adelaide on October 28, finding no jetty and wad- ' ing ashore in what was virtually a i swamp. With their pastor, the Rev. G. D. Fritsche, the new arrivals went into the hills to the settlements of, iiiiiuiiiiiiuiuiiiiiiiiMimiiiiiiiuiiuuiiuuiiiiiiiiiuiuuiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiub The old Lutheran College and and Pastor Lutze's home as they looked in the days of the early pioneers, those Lutherans who had preceded them and were then settled at Klem zig, Hahndorf, and Bethanien. Later, however, those members of the "Skiold" party who were at Hahndorf decided to form a settlement of their own, and on the advice of Mr. F. Mueller, who was shepherding a flock of sheep along what was then known as the Western Branch of the Onka paringa, they chose that locality for their homes. SPOOKING down on Tweed vale now from any point of the surround ing hills, one can visualize it as it must have looked to those strangers in a strange land that was yet so be loved by them for the new life that it offered. No smoke rose from busy mill chimneys then and no smooth paved street wound its way up the hill, but all was silent, with a cool green silence, and with the rich soil offering a means of growing their food, and the beauty and freedom making grateful their hearts, the pioneers, as a lasting monument of their thanks called their new home Lobetbal, Eighteen families first settled in the valley, haying purchased a land order from Mr. Flaxman, agent for Mr. George Fife Angas, for the sum of £5, which was provided by Madame Nehr lich, mother-in-law of Pastor Fritsche. Most of the land in the district had already been taken by the South Aus tralian Company, but by some over sight, the site of the present town had been overlooked. Two hours, however, after the Lutherans had lodged their claim, the company's sur veyors also applied for the land, only to And themselves too late, The area was subdivided into 18 allotments, which were later further "subdiveded into 26 holdings, but no record of the original allotments can be unearthed. The well which served for the whole community is still in existence, having been discovered under the footpath in the main street, immediately adjoining the Lutheran Manse. jfpjHE manse itself is connected with the very earliest days, for part of it is on the exact site of the school which was one of the first buildings, erected. A larger school was built later, on the other side of what is now the main street, and the original school became the post office. All this is altered to-day, but the second school still stands, and the manse, although considerably added to, still retains the old structure which is now Pastor Lutze's study. Among the settlers only two men were sufficiently financial to imme diately build themselves bouses. These were named Hoffmann and Preiss. The other families lived in either hollow trees, dug-outs or huts with roofs and walls of bark, but they liKiiitiimiimiiiiitiiiuiiimiimmHiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiHimmiiifimiiiiiiitiiiimiimmiiiiiH built themselves a church. There were many artisans among the set tlers and their work, a structure, sixty-two feet by thirty-two feet and seventeen feet high, stands to-day, un altered except for minor inside im provements, and is a monument to their industry and faith. Everyone helped in the building of this church, and the bricks made by themselves, were all carried to the church site by hand, in bags, cane baskets, or the women's aprons. • 9 * 0 jp-HE altar, which is still used, is of wood, beautifully hand turned, and the baptismal font is also an evi dence of ingenuity and craftsmanship, being carved in one piece from the solid stump of a tree. In the old grave yard attached to the church there lies a world of history. Sad little graves of women who braved so much for their families and who must have known heart-catching terrors in the silence of the lonely bush; men, who dying left their families to the care, always honoured, of their friends; and the pathetic little graves of children whose heritage the new land was to have been. In a quiet corner, two tall cypresses, with interwoven branches, tell of ro mance long gone, but living still in the living trees. A headstone, hewn from nearby rocks and carved with skilful fingers, tells the tale of two lovers who died shortly before the day fixed for their marriage, the man living only a few weeks after the girl. They were buried side by side within an iron railing and two cypresses were planted at their heads. The two trees have now grown into one, and here in this 'quiet spot tragedy has softened and become once more romance. WfjEAR this church too is the remains of the college, founded by Pastor Fritsche, in 1865. Within its walls of mud and straw, students were pre pared for tlie ministry, and eight young men attended this tiny primi tive college, three of them completing their studies and being ordained. These were Pastors Hensel, Oster, and Strempel. The energy and good colonizing in stincts of the Lutheran settlers is evidenced in the number of industries which they started very early in the history of the state. The woollen mills, which now coyer three acres of ground and employ hundreds of hands, were begun in 1869, by a cloth maker, Mr. W. Kramm, who proposed to start his work in a mud hut. The residents of the little town, however, lent him an unused brewery and also paid the £80 customs duty that was necessary to release his machinery. • « * • N those early days, the methods •* were very different from those that prevail now. The wool was washed by hand in the' nearby creek, dried in the sun and teased by hand. The burring was also done by hand and was quite a usual occupation at evening parties; and the oiling was done on the malt floor of the brewery by the wife of the promoter. The bat factory, from which Mr. Kumnick now sends his bats to all parts of the commonwealth, is also an industry of long standing; but it started as what Mr. Kumnick calls "a one man affair of 16 hours a day." Using the willow that grows along the creek, this bat maker at first undertook only the reblading of the bats, but later imported the cane from Singapore and undertook the making of the complete article. Although nowadays the best of English willow comes to the factory, Mr. Kumnick considers that the willows growing in the Onkaparinga district are, if one knows the exact age at which to cut them and the exact parts of the tree to use, comparable to those of any part of the world. Australian willow, is very slightly heavier than English willow, but is lighter than that grown in Tasmania, His is an industry, built up entirely hy hard work and perseverance, to he an advertisement and an asset to the state. HEN one sees the town as it is now; a thriving prosperous set tlement, giving employment to hun dreds of Australians, one recognizes the hard years of labour, when regu lation hours were unknown and each man worked for the good of his family and his country. And it is then that one realizes, with shame, the pettiness of a government that can see no more in a name, than its German origin and care so little for the history of its country that it can discard for ever, what Is in reality a striking and per j petual monument to British justice I and liberty. 