Armed with a crest and a family tree that goes back to the sixteenth century, Bert Stockwell, 60-year-old engineer of Tacoma, Washington, is in England to press his claim to a fortune estimated at £60,000,000. Stockwell, who emigrated to America from Leeds 32 years ago, declares the family crest will substantiate his claims to tracts of valuable land around London, Lancashire and Yorkshire. The world economic crisis has at last reached African harems, forcing involuntary monogamy among the Frencfa colonial Moslems. Polygamy has been driven out among the poor by economic forces, we are informed, while among the rich and better educated classes polygamy has almost disappeared from choice. Moslem women can hereafter hope for the same status as Christian women. In Turkey women now have equal suffrage, and can hold office. Interesting experiments on the use oi bats in destroying field mice are being made by Hungarian farmers. Distressed by the damage mice did to their fields, they erected a tower, and installed in it several families of bats. These repaid the courtesy by attempting to exterminate all the mice in the neighborhood. News of the experiment spread, and soon an inquiry was received from Germany through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs concerning methods of bat breeding. A committee of German farmers plans to visit Hungary to study the experiment. For the first time on . record a carriei pigeon has been found flying in the great Arctic wastes. The bird was brought, intc the port of Hammerfest, Norway, recently by a fishing boat on which it had alighted far out in the Arctic. It permitted the crew to capture it without resistance, and was found to be banded with rings bearing letters. It was oelieved that the bird was a messenger from a hunting party or exploring expedition. The old song tells us that John Peel, of famous memory, was wont to be out tallyhoing his hounds at the 'break of day." In Ireland now they go one better that that, for in County Limerick the Ballyorgan hounds go hunting by moonlight ! In their latest meet they assembled at 7 p.m., and hounds and horses tore across the moonlit countryside until midnight. It was a bit too late for the fox, however. The sleepy reynard called it quits at midnight, scuttling down his hole. So the huntsmen went home too. Dr. John C. Hostetter, an American research worker, declares that it is possible to build a giant telescope through v liich living beings on the moon could be seen. "While such a large telescope is not even contemplated at present, our experience gained in casting the 200-inch telescope reflector recently cast makes us certain that we could cast one at least 300 inches in diameter," Dr. Hostetter said the other day. "This would doubtless bring objects on the moon larger than five feet in diameter into the astronomer's vision." The judge presiding over trials of capital offences at Cleveland, U.S.A., the other day really should have been more careful. Oscar Hawkins was on trial for his life. The jury received the case, deliberated, returned with a verdict. The judge received the sheet of paper, turned to the courtroom and announced:— "Guilty of murder in the first degree." There was no recommendation for mercy. Hawkins fainted. Then the judge turned to the jury foreman. "You failed to sign this verdict," he pointed out. "You read the wrong one," the foreman replied. "We found the defendant not guilty." And Hawkins revived. Polly, hailed as the world's most extravagant' parrot, has died in London. She was 33 years old. Polly had such an. enormous appetite that she swallowed more than half the £275 beoueathed her by Mrs. Ellen Henrietta Karris in 1901. Three hospitals, which were to get the money at Polly's death, tried vainly to put a stop to the parrot's epicurean tastes. The courts ruled that Polly could do whatever she pleased with her money. A similar case to the above is reported from Massachusetts, U.S.A., where a woman who died recentlj left, a trust fund of £500 for her net' parrot, to defray the expenses for his care. Because a couple who rented rooms in an apartment house in London broke their promise to the landlord and had another baby, the landlord applied to the courts to have them. ejected. Mr. and Mrs. Alfonso Holland, the tenants, brought a counter- action for damages against the landlord, stating that he haa seized Mrs. Holland by the hair and smashed the family perambulator only two weeks after Mrs. Holland gave birth to her second child. The landlord told the court that the Hollands had promised not to have any more children. The judge was sympathetic. He acquitted the landlord, ordered the tenants to pay the court costs, and also to clear out for having broken their promise. A nation-wide drive is under way in the United States to "take murder out of the nursery," as the Americans succinctly put it. It is being sponsored by the Parent-Teacher Association, which is centring its attack on toy guns, holding that they lead not only to serious accidents but to actual crime. Parents and teachers also are trying to ston such childhood games as "cops and robbers." Pledges from school children to get rid of their toy weapons once and for all are being asked. An honor holiday for all schools which obtain pledges from 75 per cent, of their pupils and parents to put a stop to toy gun play has been started to add stimulus to the movement. Sponsors of the campaign say that the toy weapons are making mock gangsters out of the nation's children. The age-old curfew custom has been revived—in America, of all places • it is like this. In Kansas contract bridge (which acknowledges the United States as its spiritual home) has obtained such a hold over the adult population that in some places even famliy life fc threatened. Bridge lessons are broadcast over the radio, and every newspeper now publishes its bridge notes, and so parents seldom stay at home, and if they do the* are so busy playing bridge that the youngsters have the run of the streets There is so much loitering by children at night that in at least two towns the curfew law has been invoked to send the youngsters home at 8 o'clock. A distinct advance in the application of wireless is marked by the construction of a five-metre combined transmitter and receiver, which may be carried about and used for personal communication. The instrument measures only 6.y 4 by 5 by 4 inches overall—hardly larger than a cigar box—and uses only two battery operated tubes which serve for both receiving and transmitting. With a- fourfoot length of brass or aluminum tubing acting as the antenna, this remarkable little outfit is capable of direct communication over distances as great as 10 or 15 miles. Even longer contacts have been made under good conditions. The required batteries can be carried in coat pockets or in another small box tied to the instrument itself. Plans for what he claims will be the longest dog-sledge trip in the world, 25,000 miles over a period of five years, have been announced by a young Danish author. Einar Drastrup. The route of the trip, to be made with a ten-dog. sledge, will take Mr. Drastrup along the east coast of Greenland and northward to Thule, thence to Eskimoland, Eastern Canada and Alaska to Nome, over the Bering Strait and along North Siberia in the direction of Norway. Travelling would be limited to the winter month's for the most part. Mr. Drastrup say* he made an 800-mile dog-sledge trip last winter. in East Greenland as training for his trip around the Polar Sea. He is finishing a book on the Greenland dog and his experiences with the dogsledge expedition. A grinding machine so precise in its peration that it can shave the print from a piece of newspaper without cutting through or tearing the paper, has just been invented. Its makers estimate that this mechanical marvel can be adjusted, if,desired, to take off a slice only one thousandth of an inch thick, or thinner than a human hair. The new machine, run by a small electric motor, is intended for use by glove makers. Its 50-inch grinding roll will be used for shaving tanned hides to the exact thicknesses required for the delicate materials of which women's gloves are made. Witu thfs equipment, many hides that would otherwise be made up into shoes or men's gloves can be worked to the thin finish. The Americans are a curious people. They can never rest content unless they possess the largest of everything, or the heaviest, or the noisiest, and so on. This time it is a bass viol. An elderly violin maker of Ironia, New Jersey, has built what he believes to be the largest bass viol in the world. It is 14 feet tall, and the sound box alone measures seven feet in height. The bridge is so far above the ground that the giant fiddle can be played only with the aid of a platform. The neck, bridge, and tailpiece are detachable to make it more easily portable. Other weird instruments invented by the same gentleman include a "horn of plenty" harp, with 43 strings and a sound box like the horn of a public address system. A hybrid harp and 'cello, known as a lute-harp, a. dwarf 'cello, a smaller lute-narp. and a queer violin-like, instrument with three necks and harp strings, are other exhibits of his collection. Experts of the Carnegie Institution of Washington, U.S.A., have made some interesting researches into the question of crime in the United States in relation to the nationality of the criminals. In general, it is stated, immigrants, or descendants of immigrants, from Southern Europe perpetrate" more crime than those from the north of Europe. Those from the West Indies, Greece, Balkan States, and Asia have many more representatives in American prisons than the population justifies. Those from Switzerland, Inland, and Germany have proportionally few representatives. But on the otner hand, according to the Department of Justice the criminals who have lately been giving the most trouble—the Pub«c enemy number one" class—have been almost exclusively of the nothern European stock. They have been good Americans, with good old names easily pronounced, 'easily recognized as coming from the "best" part of Europe. 