ROM ALL BARTERS CafihMi Show Soclrty, in his report to the Casino Show Stcietr the president tMr. H. R. Ime sar.i st»lf4 that ihr 1P35 show had been the moiit Kicrrsi'u! In the history of the society. The inoccne amounted to £14*0. whirti, after M expense* had been paid. l»ft & balanee of M2. rncmplorrd Country Tonths. Mr. R. T. Ba'.l M.L.A., In appeallnp; to the Prrcr.lrr iMr. Stei-ens) to remedy :h.» p.i-:t!.in 0! untrr.p!o--ed youths In p.-jr.:.-i- -i.«rK-;.-. tuts»:ed that the Qav.-rr.n-.Bii ih;u:d he'p farmers that cit.-ired !.^ esnplfy beys but were unable to f.r.d thf vapt* :o do so. Mr. Stevens, In np:y to Mr. Bill. staKd that he had taker, ikt ji;FS«:lcn up with the M'.n&rr; (or UJ-;r. Trnlnvnl tv( Shalf. A r.ew pro-«* for the production of m.--:nr splri: .'rem jhale was demonstrated at M'.itijor.F recently. The process, which his b:« developed by Messrs. H. E. Oo:::ug and J. M. Browne, It Is claimed, c.-.ab'.os re:or.!ng and distillation In the! oaf prtve.s at reduced costs. Mr. A. C. I S:ni:h, of the Commonwealth Develop- ' m«« Branch, who viewed the demon- 1 «raticn. will make an early report to I t!:-? ^^n!ster.ln?t?hargc ol Development I (Senator McLachlan), | 'SUlee Being Bled.' The Premier of Queensland (Mr. For p-r. Sniith) stated In Brisbane last week thnt a realignment of Federal and State 1 JurlKlletlon was essential. Federal method 1, he said, \\\Y!rc such that the 1 Staws were being bled white. The Federal Government had remitted a cer tain amount of taxation In regard to wiper tax. but the sales tax, which bore heaviest on all, lad not been lifted. Soil Dcstrurllon. 'We are destroying the toll that gives us life,' tatd Mr. David O. Stead, naturalist, during a lecture to the Rationalist Association In Sydney last week. In Itiiriy years, ho said, more than 50.000 square, miles In western New St.UIi Wales nnd South Australia had become nlniost desert, and on tho Dar ling much land was slowly becoming sandhills. Timber Indun'.ry noom. The timber Industry on the Dorrlgo Is experiencing the greatest boom In Its history. Twenty-six sawmills arc In operation, nnd the Mount Highland and DorriRo Timber Company is establishing veneer works nt Ulong, which will pro vide employment for thirty to forty boys. Next Governor-aenerol. As forecast In these columns last week, tho Prlmo Minister (Mr. Lyons) an nounced at Burnlc (Tas.) that the King had appointed the Governor of New South Wales (Sir Alexander Hore-Ruthvon) to tho ofDco of aovemor-Oncral in suc cession to sir Isaac Isaacs. The -»ato on which Sir Alexander Horc-Ruthven will assume ofllco will be announced later. Immigration. Tho 'Manchester Guardian' says that Mr, Lyons, while In England In May, hinted that Australia would take more Immigrants if orcat Britain look more exports. Tho paper adds: 'If a resump tion of migration Is contemplated tho Governments must casuro propor equip ment and suitable land. Tho fiasco of the Victorian settlers Is too tragic, to bo euslly forgotten.' DltiKiini Iliild Harks. Heavy losses o[ sheep In tho Obcron district through raids by dingoes wero re ported at a recent meeting of tho Batlu urot Pastures Protcctlcfi Board. It wu slated that dingoes In tho last ' twelve months hod killed 100 sheep owned by ono settler, and that another hoc) been forced to abandon grating owing to his lossts. The stock Inspector (Mr. O, O. Furneai) said that tho coloring, of tho skins of captured dingoes suggested cross breeding with largo domcstlo dots, Doim Kill Sheep, Two largo dogs, thought to havo been an Airedale and a rotrlovcr, killed eight sheep and Injured moro than 100 In a paddock at Corrum (Vlo.) last Friday, Tho cheep belonged to Messrs, H, R, Woodward and Bon, of Carnun, and had been placed In a paddock on agtstment, IIovh do Not Llk'o the Lund, A statement that town boys wcro very reluctant to accopt positions on farms was made by tho headmaster of tho Al bury publlo school (Mr, F. W. Lowe) a a mooting of tho Paronts and Citizens' Association. In tho lost throo years tho Logaoy olub had found positions for 900 persons, thlrty-ono bolng rural positions, DIRluulty generally arose In Inducing boys to tako such positions, frequently bo ctluso parents discouraged thorn. Stimulating Settlement. As tho N.8.W, Minister for Lands hod appointed a board to deal wlUi ,closcr sottloment tho tlmo was opportune- for tho revival of tho TomworUi Closer Sottloment League, said Aid, J. M, Hobnn, at a meeting of tho Tamworth Munlolpti Council. Aid. Hobnn said thnt several organisations were showing an Interest In tho subdivision of largo estates In tho dlstrlot to provide for olosor noUlomoin. ntrwrU'lace, Tho area in Sydney In which tho De partment of Agriculture building Is situ ated Is to bo named Farror-Pltico, In stead of Raphaol-strcct, to porpotuato tho memory of William Farrcr, tho noted wheat breeder, Cruelty lo s Cow. Stanley Joseph AUsonp, of Waltara, was fined £25 at U10 Richmond Police Court this week for having maliciously and cruelly wounded a cow at Clarendon on 2nd August. Evldcnco was given that Allsopp Jabbed a pitchfork Into tho cow's side. The cow ran away with the fork hanging 'to It until tho prong broke off, a later examination showing that It was embedded to a depth of nine Indies. Danish Farmers' Plan. The executive of the Danish farmers' organisation has decided to sell to Eng land at three months' credit, Instead of ten days as at present, in the hope that a reduction In foreign currency that will I then be available win forco the Danish | Oovcmmcnt to sanction higher prices on the local market, In accordance with the farmers' wishes. rin Kill Lambs, A farmer nt Mcrrlwagga, who had been losing lambs mysteriously, witnessed tho killing of four lambs by pigs which wero running on his farm. The lambs, al though well-grown, proved easy victims for the pigs. Muntjlc Scrub Lands. During a discus/Jon of the Govern ment's methods of allotting land In the Mtingie scrub area, members of the Blnpira Returned Soldiers' League con tended that 1200-acrog to l&OO-ocrcs; and not 2800-acres to 3000-acrcs constituted a living area. It was also stated that several returned men were prevented by the mothed of distribution from sha-lng In the alktinwU. It was decided to pro test to Mr. C. Sinclair, M.L.A., asking that representations bo mado to the Minister for Lands. Road Tax Reduction. Tho Deputy Comnu-&lonor; for Road Transport (Mr. C. N. Ncalc) announced In Sydney on Wednesday that the Gov ernment had approved a recommendation that tho road tax on tho removal of Household furniture and effects In New S3Uth Wales should bo reduced under the State Transport Act from 3d. to lid. a ton a mile. Soil rro*lon. According to Professor J. Macconnld Holmes, of Sydney University, wlio re cently visited the district, considerable areas on the Liverpool Plnlns are In danger of being destroyed by erosion, unless preventive measures be taken. Professor Holmes said that tho position was particularly noticeable near Coolah and Cassllla. Alain Roads Costs. Tho Main Roads Department's cxpen .'Ituro on nil tho roads In New South tVales during the financial year ended soth Juno last was £3,180.059. or which C010.423 was on roads within tho Coun ty of Cumberland, £1,030.003 on country main roads, and 1330,043 on develop mental roads. The expenditure on the Sydney Harbor Bridge during tho year was £420,20). New Atricullural Bureau. A branch of the Agricultural Bureau has been formed at Austral. ORlcc boatcrs aro as follows:— President, Mr. R, Milne, Austral; vice-president, Mr. S. Swyny, Rossmore; Junior vice-president, Mr. o. J. Anderson, Austral; hon. secre tary, Mr. W. Rose, Austral; hon. trea surer, Mr. R, Storey, Austral, Itraurch Council Mreln. Tho Council for Scientific ana Indus trial Research commenced a inrcting In Ari«laldo to-day (Thursday) to dlscus-i, amour, other , problems, tho grossnopper pest, wccd''icor)trql, soil drift, drought feeding,' soil bacteriology, fll|horlos,',forest products, and tho possible control of blue mould In tobacco seedlings. llecnrd Knlrles For U'ae&ti.; Record entries havo been received for tho Wagga Show, which begins next Tuesday, Tito total Is 0834 compared with 0100 last year, nnd 6071 in 1D33, 