TWO RESERTERS AT'LARGE Ghastine Maersk Leaves Them Behind \-- Third Man Caugiht And Taken Aboard TIIE day before the Danish motor vessel Chasiine .Maersk was due to leave for the anchorage to top up with concent rates-on Thursday -three memticrs of the crew were absent. I'irie police were informed of the matter the following day, and on Friday night one of the trio was ap prehended at Peterborough. lie- was placed aboard just before the vessel left for overseas early on Saturday morning. The two others are still at large.' The Chastine ilaersk. which came here to lift7.5001kuiis of concentrates, .had 28 aoiils aBjjard, including Cap!. H. Parkhohn (m'usler) and his wife. The complement"' comprised 21 of banish nationality, three Swedes, two Germans, two German-Poles, and one Xorwegian. ARRESTED AT PETERBOROUGH On Tuesday two cases were taken off Ihe Chastine Maersk for temporary treatment at Pine Hospital. One man cuiild not gain admittance to the in stitution. and has hot since been seen. The other was returned to the- whart on Friday night, to lind that, the ves sel I'ad left for the anchorage, lie was taken out later aboard the lug Yacka. During .the night [wo others de serted. They were seen in Ihe street together on Thursday afternoon. but mo trace of either iias since been seen. The men are JJOMi German Poles. named Wilhehn Bomba and Ifenryk Ilandkans. The Chastine' Maersk could wait no longer. and was "forced lo sail on Saturday morn ing. Klder, Smith A, Co. agents for the vessel, are tinder two bonds of 5511)0 each to tind these prohibited .immi grants. and the police in every cor ner of Ihe State have been advised. DESERTION DESIRES -Conversation in III" slrcels with various members of Ihe crew gave rise to a conviction that conditions on board the vessel itself are not such as to cause a general desire to de sert. II appears lhal when Ihe men signed on fur ihe presenl voyage they were under an impression lhat.il would not be their lot to touch any Conti nental port for a long period. International conditions in Europe are in suoh a delicate slate at pre senl that there has been some mis giving among the crew since the ves sel was ordered to Ihe United King dom and Continental ports after Dakar (West Africa). There is a fear that they may -lie drawn inlo some con fin'! where their nation is concerned. The reason may be deemed by some lo be highly imaginative, ibut it is Known ihat it was the cause of more than one mind aboard the Chas line Maersk turning in the direction of desertion. DEPORTEE FILLS GAP Whin it was found lhal Hie \essel w-'ts two men short Capt. Parkholm ^"1 in touch with the Customs au thorities in Adelaide, and found lhal a Dane was being held pending de portation following a conviction in . Port Adelaide Police Court. On (he master's request this alien was brought to Pirie oil Friday night by police escort, and was taken out 1 to Ihe Chasline Maersk at the an chorage. Tims the vessel has got away one man short. Investigations concerning tlie 1 whereabouts of the two other men are proceeding. - 