IARMERS AND EXPORTS Sir,--While cor Acting Prime ?I;iniiter (Dr: Page) laslIgly enuiaoodI pllnnning t1hn fiiictions of .tho: new .Austrlinn Agrlcull tucrl cooncilh and collahorotini wit the (Conllnil otf:~olonnitli and lndustriil 11to olclh toliromnote the dellcopmolnt of pri inar , npirodctlon, t nro Io a growing an. (nileo in n the ol ieolh ool an to jlst wlol lillte hn loading to. The Chirhman of tlhe .R.(Q.HI. augietn mnrUer finnnell ilinetllion, now £1l,(O000, or funls to on nble that holl v to innro sUerConfolly attack Inothli.i nlll onllortion in dnliy hUl'd nnil nlouricpiiaiintnonld tick elselowhere, with alvcirol attitiono to thdlenvolnnment of Stypo of rattlo nildile L t lho "Torritory." Unless tlii i necon ?mplished it t clnim?id, ounr dlair eoficioney einnot he improved nicli, r the beeof industry ho expected to A comnilemnnliiarv noativiy being lirlnged iN tI lsp ll tl ert ver', likely corller of Il'u. ' t, ot c o l?,, Coplminlollncr di u. playing sacples of our goods and en deovouring to book an order. Incidentally. a State scheme is now being evolved wherebv sufficient land may be required presumably from eager vendors-to en able the sons of farmers with experience, immigrants with capital and optimists with little of either, to exploit various alluring avenues of primary production. Pigs, dairying and fat lambs are indi. cated as attractive propositions for the new settlers. The prospectus as usual seems all right, but, on reflection we find that, notwith standing the depredations of all these de structive agenezes referred to and the disadvantage of an empty North, the efforts of the old school have brougit us up to this stage-In the first five months of the present year Australia with 68,O10 tons headed the list of butter exporters to Britain, leading New Zealand by 5000 tons and Denmark by over 15,000 tons. As regards beef, until our present ourplus becomes more negotiable in the markets of Smithfield our cattle kings are likely to leave the buffalo unmolested in the North. The evolution of new cattle types is inot regarded as their present dis ahility. It ts interestine to examine the attrnc. tions offered in the Premier's proposition, of which the first project is pig-rai·ing. This could well be studied in conjunction with a current news item which relates how, accordlng to Dr. Marsh. manager of the British Pig MIarl:eting Schemle, a large and much desired order of bacon was lost to a foreign firm which enjoyed an ex port subsidy of 50/ per owt. As any fur ther development of pig-raising in this country depends mainly on export against this form of compelitlon, a statement as to how we propo e to meet it would he iu necessary prelminary. Enthusiasm for the dairying project may bp derived from the columns of a prominent rural journal wvherein a leading Tooley-street distribute" is reported thus- "Australia and New Zealand butters en' joy (?) a monopoly of the South of Eng land market, and are steadily penetrating into the Danish strongholds in the North." The Australiau dairymen aire therefore enjoined "not to worry about restrictions, hbuit to concentrate on quality--a popular theme at present-and all will be well" p (iu London). This is. however, not all the story, as tihe eheapinckhs from the Antipodes hove not only driven the Danish farmers out of London and the South of England, but have quite recently driven them in a body 40.000. strong to demonstrate before their King the fact that they are. fed, nup with low prices and high taxes and determined to cut it all out unless relief is forth. comiltg at once. This is notwithstanlding that they aroe producing under -raode treonties with Britain which ensure 100 per cent. admission of all their dairy pro. ducts . The significance of this to prospective new dairymen can best he understood by reolisine that during each of, their 12.hour days, eight hours, or two-thirds, of their time, will Ie devoted to producing export trotter which, on the basis of recent yealrs and futuire prospects, will return them approxlmatoly 5i Per lb net. If this is attrcetive, applications mnv he lodged, Diseutsing fat lambs, X11 te secntiment nassbcited wsith ?far.e, little lamh nald the elamour of the golden fleece is offset withl the anxieties of an industry that faces an income drop this season of from nearly £50.000.000 to aunder £35,000.000. The plospects for ia sideline are not very encoursving while the main line is in snteb difficulties. '' Tnstend of deplortin the :.nllces of self suffieinev nadopted by..;others who are, anyway.: not': oy "keepers, r we might, at least ,acknowledlge theirs esuccess if un able.to :emlate ' thir couragce; enting nnlitinal' tom.toms 'aimid ringing the Joy helli:'of recovery is a poor substitute For 'edii n iiim?scessfil effort' to'solve a problem. ,. . cL, Upper anui"-. J. nMeL. :Up'per"1 Zani?6'fib'o ' "n "` ' 