Local and General Pioneer-Gladstone Road ' ^SatlaTactton ivraB'';,-'.exprefised; Thembers M yeatetiay'fl'^neetlne the Hin^aroma : Municipal' --Countll when the following telegram ''ireJB read from . Hon. Alan Wardlaw:- — 'Major Davtes has made available £300 from mining and metalliferous vote for immediate expenditure on Pioneer-Gladstone road.' Masonic Family What is probably an event unique in Freemasonry in the British Eui- 1 pirc took place at a meeting of the ; Dynamic Lodge In the Brisbane. : Masonic Temple. when }Vor. Bro. James A. Bodcn, r,G.D. aB acting, luanter of the Lodge, initiated _ his seventh son into the craft in the IjreBence of hlB Bix other fconB. Commemoration of the Fallen At the services in St. .Barnabas' Church on Sunday, remembrance was made of those who had fallen in the War, with _ intercesBlonB foi peace, and flowers / were placed on the Honor Board in the church, vases having been Riven for the tshelf at the base of the Honor IloV. for reJativc'B o_t' friends to keep fill ed. ' Yesterday morning (Armlatlc;e Day), there was a special service at 7.30 a.m.. in commemoration of the fallen.. Cars Collide Two cars came into collision on the Waterhouse road on Saturday evening whilst nepotiatinp a dan- gerous turn, and both were consid- erably damaged. One belonged tn Mr. Thos. Mountney, who was pro- ceeding to Waterhouse; and the other to Mr. H. Craw, who was re- turning from the Lake after liberat- ing a number of fry. The damage to the cars consisted of battered mud guards and bent axles, The Luck That Cheers For the first lime in the 18 years' history of the Queensland State Lottery, known as the Golden Cas- ket. the first pvi/.e lias been won twice by the same; ticket-holders, the winners of £4000 nf thc Hist prize oT £6000 this month having won the same amount in thc lottery last April. The lottery is drawn approximately every eight da-p, and the profits are used for the benefit of public hospitals throughout the s,:'c ? ? ! Chief Inspector of Schools Special leave has been granted to the senior inspector in the Education Department (Mr. C. E Flectcher) to enable him to take advantage of the offer of the Carnegie Corporation to inspect educational facilities in Can- ada and thc United States. The Minister for Education, (Mr. E. J. Ogilvie), in making the announce- ment, said the tour should prove of considerable value. Mr. Flectcher would be granted leave from Janu- ary 35 to July 15 next year. An Outsize In Trees. The men engaged in clearing a track for the hydro-electric line to the North-East come across some big trees in the heavily-timbered sections, and just recently a huge stringy gum was felled on the pro- perty of Mr. Dashwood, at the foot of the Sideling. Cut off near the ground, the tree was 21 feet in dia- meter and at 60 feet up the widest part was 8 feet and the narrowest 6 feet. It took four men about four days to cut up the tree in ac- cordance with the specification for clearing. 18-Feet Sawfish Caught After a fierce struggle, an l8ft. sawfish was landed at Southport, near Brisbane, recently. The fish became entangled in a net and tore large holes in it before three fisher= men pulled it to the side nf their, boat, where it was killed. The saw, which was 4ft. 6in, long, had I become so completely entangled i:i J the net that thc men had lo cut it ? off before they could drag the Jish j into their boat. The fish measured , -Jft. Glti. across at the widest part j iiiul wt-ighed about lOcwt. Some of I the teeth of the saw were two inches j long Maltese Textile Trade with Japan. Japan's flooding of the textile market in Malta has been stopped by the quota system. Imports of cotton piece goods from Japan in ; . the quarter ended June, 1935, toull . ed only 6G.200 j-ards, against 810,891 ! yards in the corresponding quartc:-j of*- 1934. The United. Kingdom Is' uow the chief supplier with 358. Cri1 yards, against 400,592 yards In l'j;W.: j followed by Italy with 128,825 yard* against 106, C20 \ardn. The total trade 1ms fallen from 1 ,'3-4 U.G-lg yards in tbe second quarter of l'J34 ( .vbeii Japanese dumping was at its heidiM to 554, G 5 6 yards in 1035, the British proportion having increased from 30 per cent, to G5 per cent, London Butter Market Eondo» cables rather better gen eral demand to-dayi and the market steadier. There was a temporary break in New Zealand arrivals in Lcndou. uud lite next steamer, Mataroa, i* due oil the 15th. Sales for week ended last Tuesday . 41, 000 boxes. Average price of salted and ' Ainsalied Kangaroo 102/6, 10?/; Danish 122/; New Zealand fluent' 100/, 101/. firsts 08/, 09/, salted Kangaroo 100/, firsts 98/, unsallcd Kangaroo 10-V 106/. Retail prices: Danitfh 1/3. Elmplre 1/1 1/2; cheeae 7d. Stock of Australian conBlgn meutii unsold 34,000 boxes. Total quantity of butter in Hay's Whai'f Stores 35,000; Now Zealand 340,000 New Zealand cheese 50/, Australian 48/, 49/. Market quiet. School Holiday for N.E. Show At yesterday's meeting of the Ringarooma Municipal Council, the following schools in the municipal- ity applied for a holiday on the oc- casion of the North-Eastern Show on November 27th: Kamona, Pioneer, Trenah_ .7^a^,' Wib'naiea.h. Xiegxic^ Warrehtljina,.; .Branxholm.7- , 'HerBcW and Mdorina,- * Jt-TRTBB state fl'. ^iiai XiegevwDod, - '-Derby '' 'land ? Bchd^la ^-oulfl be applying ^ ^ St. Barnabas' Church , - A special \tneetlng' oi; lhe - .pkriab loners ©f 'St. Ba.rnabaBV Churc.j] yftfi 'held on ''Sunday 'eVienlng -altCr tp&Si; wbexi tbe-.Hector 'ftnd, . Vefttry brought lorward 'plana for the -JIciiiJ- dation of the parish 'debt of- .about £400. Under- the Bdiema the congregation sanctioned, the Indebt edness will now bo reduced to about S^90, and parishioners enthusiastic ally agreed that a special effort '' ho made to extinguish this by ctraight out .giving, so as -to ^enable :worj£ to bo carried on on a' clear 'basts. The Vestrx will be formulating a plan for tills in 'a lew days, and expect to receive the strong support of all ? the Church peoj-le. . promises . of. voluntary work w-ere made In con nection with ' neceBBary alterations and improvements to the Church ' groundB and buildingB, including new 'fences; and the Hector outlined a scheme for planting' a good hedge round th-^ grounds --a Buggestion for which St. Barnabas' Play Readers' Society is responsible, and provl aionu for worthy entrance ^ate'B »is a memorial pc ^.llanlcs-glvins. He also asked the congregation to keep in view the ultimate building of .a'ji'er-' manent church of brick ox coucrete, and the erection of a Kindergarten room, for which there 1b already a nucleus. Problem of Distribution, 'Troops on manoeuvers.' it has been decided by the British War Office 'are forbidden to throw away safety razor blades. The attention of all ranks must he drawn to the danger of this practice.' This or- der has started a new dlscusbion iu London on the old problem of what to do with tiie discarded bJadea. Ingenious persons at one time and another have, says the 'News Chro nicle,' suggested 'uses for them, attached to a piece oT stick, theyj can be used in the kitchen, for ins tance, for chopping up meat andi vegetables. But the number of eiicbl implements required is limited; uu«3: meanwhile the pile oi blades risen. Now u real and effectual outlet Ih offered to the shaver by a Con^o missionary. The Congo natives apparently will take any number of disused blades. They use them for all sorts of purposes, among other , thingR as currency. It is the latest example of the fact that the prob lem of distribution is the real worn of i]ic modern world. 'Crooners' Pilloried. A vigorous attack on 'crooners' and their methods was made by Mr. P. H. B. Lyon, headmaster of Rugby, in the educational, science section of the British Association. 'Vniul poetry should be properly opposed i to in the young mind.' he said, 'ip J not prose, but the rhymed doggerel j which ie chanted to tlie latest ci^on ? ing melody. It is a queer worM 1 when a gleek, h'iJky-voiccd loung? I lizard can perpetrate a few qunt , rains of noxious slush to the tn'/-, dry and temporary affections suek-j j ing satisfaction 'in June under the! I mcou' or 'neath the summer sky ofi I last July,' atid 'in December w. J I shall remember,' n?id be fortb^-ithj accepted by the toleration of the j whole of a manly generation, wiiilJ, j the great spirits 0f the world, build- I I ing Immortal verse out of their I 1 heart's stuff Jn poverty, In h]icdM-?.?^^, J in despair, r,ing to them in v.-n'n.j How are we to convince our boys that poetry is not a luxury but an essential? Survival of the Unfit. Do the fittest survive was the question posed by Commissioner Lamb, the immigration expert of the Salvation Army, in an address to members of the British Association. I He said he felt compelled to ans j vver the question with a negative. I War, unemployment, slum pop..ta lions of low phisique, growing slaughter on the roads, and the al arming increase in the dependent part of the population, even apa^t | from the unemployed, were factors' destroying Hie possibilities of fitneE-J Scientists must help the race to survive by making it fitter, by eli- minating idleness and poverty, securing a proper distribution of the British race over the whole of the British Empire, and by helping the statesmen and economists to stop the anomaly of destroying food and paying premiums to producers not to produce, while millions of human beings went unsupplied. While these evils continued, did the men of science really think that on balance the people of the British Empire were to-day possessed of those moral and spiritual qualities that would ensure their survival as a race? 