I Recent Ethiopean Kings (Contributed.) Though the Ethiopean race (Abys- sinian, as we call it) is of immense age little is known of its history. We can to-day see and handle bas-reliefs, inscriptions, pottery and coins of de- funct Empires, dating back to 6,000 years ago. The early Ethiopean left no such records. Other peoples, not- ably our Saxon and Danish forefa- thers, though they did not perpetuate their history in stone or clay, even more effectually pased theirs down to us in old legends, sagas and folk lore. The people of Ancient Ethiopea did neither-with the solitary exception of the story of the Queen of Sheba and her son and successor, Menelik. Af- ter that comes a great blank of 2,500 years. Not till about 200 years ago do we begin to find traces of history and even then it is very confused, for often there were two or more claim ants reigning at the same time, each ever a part of the country. The iirst personage we see clearly is Wolda Saliassie" (died 1816) who, after fierce fighting, ruled the whole country. To him came a British mis- sion under Lord Valentia in 1805. One effect of the overtures was to open up the country for the next sixty years to many European traders and mission- aries whom he and succeeding Emper- ors protected and encouraged. After the death of this enlightened sov- ereign there comes a period of 40 years of confused struggles between rival. Bas and during these the French sought political advantages. Out of this period of war and in- trigue emerges Kassa, son of a chief of Amhara and of royal blood. By his talent and energy this "Napoleon of Abyssinia" overcome all rivals, and in 1855 was proclaimed Negus Negusi or King of Kings of all Abyssinia, un- der the name of the Emperor Theo- dore. The last rival he overcame was ; Melekot, son of "the good King" Sella i Sellassie. Melekot died of fever im- mediately Rafter his defeat, naming Menelik, his eleven year old son, as his successor. The young prince was taken into the court and service of Theodore. Twelve years later the Bri- tish military expedition overthrew Theodore, who suicided to avoid cap- ture (1868). The leader of the expedition, before it left, enthroned John (Johannes) but not before Menelik had fled to his na- tive province which he found engag -ed in a small civil war of its own. If Theodore was the Napoleon of Abyssinia, Menelik was its "Robert Bruce." Failing to obtain a follow- ing and hunted by his enemies he fled to the court of Workilu, Queen of the Gallas. Her enemies held her son as a hostage and when she refused to give up the fugitive, the boy was kill- ed and her country invaded. After many vicissitudes Menelik re- turned to his native Shoa, obtained at first a small following and eventually got possession of the province and declared himself Negus. The Em Halle Selassie today.-The latest facturo of the progressive ruler mt v Abyssinia. 1 peror, John, at this time, was engaged in the first recorded war outside the boundaries of Abyssinia and his pre- occupation probably saved Menelik. The Egyptians had seized and forti- fied Massowa in Eritrea and made fur- ther encroachments to protect it. John's protests being futile he advanc- ed and beat them at Marie and almost annihilated them at Gundet, on Nov- ember 13, 1875. An avenging Egyp- tian force of 14,000 was despatched against him, but he heavily defeated this on March 25, 1876, taking all its stores and arms. General Gordon, as Governor-General of the Soudan, in- tervened and saved the survivors. Meanwhile Menelik had been conso- lidating his power and, becoming con- tumacious, had to do obeisance to John. In 1889 John attempting to re- lieve General Gordon, beleagured in Kartoum, fell fighting the Dervishes and Menelik immediately declared himself sole Emperor. It was at this stage that the Ita- lians came on the scene. Without re I ference to anyone they had occupied j the Port of Massowa, whence John had ! recently driven the Egyptians and soon garrisoned it with 5,000 troops. : Amongst other plenipotentiaries from Europe who attended Menelik's coro- nation was Count Antonelli, represent- ing Italy, who made it the occasion of the now famous Uccialli treaty. In the Amheric copy held by Menelik it was stated that international policy "might" be conducted through Italy, in the copy in Italian held by Italy it was stated that it "must" be. When the Sing discovered the trick he tore up his copy. The Italian reply was to insist on the fulfilment of theirs While this was going on the Italian forces in Eritrea had been increased to 20,000 men, quarrels had been pick- ed with Eritrean chieftains, resulting in considerable fighting and the invad- ers were coquetting with several of Menelik's fuedal chiefs. The King hastily collected an army and march- ing against the Italians found General Baratieri with 14,000 troops at Adowa, in other words 18 miles across a bor- der they themselves had laid down. j The General attacked the King, who outmanoeuvred him and his soldiers, outfought the Italians, slaying half of i them and chasing the remainder to j the coast. The white prisoners Mene I lik treated with the greatest- consid- eration and behaved throughout with humanity and dignity. The remainder of his eventful life was peaceful, devoted chiefly to the encouragement of European immigra- tion and civilisation. He died in 1921 and was succeeded by Hailu, an unre- lated prince. This man, as a Mahom medan, was distasteful to the people and he was deposed. The present Em- peror succeeded him, with the double claim of himself being Ras of Shoa and of royal blood and his queen grand-daughter of the equally blue blooded Emperor Theodore. To obtain a correct conception of these and former rulers we cannot judge them by modern English stand- ards. Rather they must be contrasted with Saxon and Norman England of from the seventh to twelve centuries and they do not suffer by tile com- j parison. iñe decease of each King saw several powerful chieftains, all of eoually royal blood, spring to arms and claim the succession. There was no other arbitrament but that of war and one battle generally decided each claim. If there were more than two rivals each in turn assailed the vic- tor till victory remained with one and to him the vanquished rendered f uedal service. Non-combatants were neither harmed nor oppressed; devastations were exceptional. As a rule when once the fierce victor was enthroned he became a bénéficient sovereign and the settled policy with each was to give his realm an uplift to civilisation as he conceived it to be. If bis steps to conquest were marked by sanguinary battles these were not followed by the devastations wrought by Saxon Kings or the slaughter, misery and oppres- sion of the people under the early Norman conquerors. 