Lindbergh Kidnapping "One Man Job'' Says Star Reporter Deductions From Clues Bruno Haophnann it now on trial for the kidnapping of Colonel Lindbergh's baby, but a veteran reporter—Leigh Mat teson, of the International News Service—maintains that he should have been arrested two years ago if his deductions from clqes had been followed. Matteson, who covered the case from the beginning, tells his story in the following article, which is reprinted from "To day," as condensed by the "Readers' Digest." fHE amount of >tupldlty and lgnor-'i once that went Into the plnnnlng and execution of the kidnapping And killing of the Lindbergh baby and the subsequent raneom collection almost passes belief. It was the most Imperfect sensa tional crime over committed. My first reaction to It was the perpetrator most be a ve'y foolish person. On the morning of March 2, 1932, I road the contents of the ransom note left In the nursery the night bofore, and I convinced my boss, Barry Paris, odltor of International News Sorvico, that the baby was already dead, that the kid napper bad planned to kill It before ho 'sat down to write the note he was going to leave In tho nursery. What Note Said. The nurstu y-ransom note read: "Dear Sir,—Have 60,000 dollaiB ready, 25.0UO dollars In 20-dollar bills, 15,000 dollars In 10-dollar bills, 10,000 dollars In five dollar bills, after two for;- days ws will Inform you where to dollver the money. Wo warn you for i BABY L1NDBEMK. riaklng anything public or for notify the police the child.Is In gute care, In dication for our letters nro signature." (Tlion followed a verbal description of the symbol signature). If you or I or a hardened criminal had planned that crime, we would have filled the note with threats against tho child's life, to forestall efforts at apprehension by the parents after the kidnapping, Wo might have written: "May smart, wise guy. Wo nro not going to lot any copa catch Us with this baby. We would kill It tatlicr than risk getting caught. Vou had hatter not put any cops on our trail." Noting the - absence of such threats, I ,cro;nlj«d the deadly significance In the reaecurence: •'The child Is In gute eare," It coujd -mean oyyly one thing—that the' note writer thought of the baby aa dead boforo he . panned those words, I, argued my ,theory openly with Othor newspaper men, und vainly trlod to get It to the parents and police. When Colonel Lindbergh, on April b, 1932, told tho press that he had paid tho ransom to tho mystorlouB "John" In St. Raymond's Cemetery In the JSronx seven days previously, and there appeared In the.press tho con toots Of many of tho ransom ncgottn-1 tlon notes received In those tragic 3.1' days I was permitted, for tho first time, to discuss those contents with noted psychiatrists nnd physi cians. All but one concurred In my contention that the haby was dead And burled near the home. Theory On Map. Ten days following the discovery of the baby's body on May 12, 19112, 1 unfolded a map of the Bronx on Mr. Farls's desk, and drew a three-quarter circle, starting at Wept 224th atrcet In the Bronz, passing north of I)r, Con don's homo on Decntur-nvenuo, along Burkoavenue toward tho Hutchinson Itlvor, and curving north toward B, c 'lc. I .i Mr. Fnrlo: "Only ono man watt ln,c..cd. The man who wrote tho nuic.ry ransom note wroto the subse quent negotiation notes and colloctod the ransom. He lives within the area marked by thtB circle. Ho will con tinue to live there, paying himself n small salary from his hoard. Ho was . born Into the lower classoB of tho German population on the German side of the Schleswlg-Holsteln border. Ho Is a soml-Bklllcd laborer—a baker, butcher, gardener, or carpentor. "He was taught to rend and write In German. Ho cannot have boon living In tills country very long. Ho owns it smhll automobile, and therefore must have an operator's licence taaued to him aB a Bronx resident. If we can got access to the automobile UcenccB Itoued to residents of tho Bronx wo can sort out those Issued to personB with Germanto names. When' this pile Is complete,, wp will cull out tho llconccs Issued to Oermnns living within the area indicated on the map and-first-study those who drive small automobiles. . Marked Characteristics, "There ar© roarkod characteristics easily discernible in tho handwriting I bt the ransom notes, It seonia Ira* J possible that wo should miss his writ- ' log It It te on tiny of the 'licences. ' In addition I should like to inspect the records of mon wJtta Oormanlc names rocently committed from the Bronx to State Institutions." I probably would have chosen Bruno Richard Hauptmann aa ono of the llkollest suspects If Dr. Dudley D» Shoenfeld—a psychiatrist, who, dur ing this , period, had been, of great help tp me—and I had been permit ted to examine the liconces. Haupt mann lived at least a milo ineido the eastern curve of tho circle I had , drawn on tho Bronx map. Also, I no ticed thq peculiar manner Jn which . the ransom-note writer mndo the capi tal letter "B." Recent, facsimile re productions of automobile operator's renewal applications [Bsuod to Haupt mann contain 10 capital "B's" mark edly similar to tho "B'a" in tho ran som notes. Clear 'Deductions. I had been able to make deductions Which could have resulted In the ar rest Of Hauptmann by July 1, 1932— four months after the crime. ■ I held to tho "lone man" nuglo from tho beginning because 1 did not believe that the law of probabilities would permit two or more Individuals to be so stupid and vicious that they could get and atay together on a scheme to kill tho Lindbergh baby to bury Its body near by In a place which would bavo been among the drat searched If the assumption Of murder wore raised, and then try to collect ransom twice In deserted ceme teries which could have been sur rounded easily by the police. In addition, when the content! of many of the ranaom notes wore revealed, and when Dr. Condon re told to me his conversations with "John," I was struck by the simi larity of the tone or mood In which the writing and the conver sations had been conducted. There was no "hardness," no "touCh ncaa," and no threats against the baby's life.' In the notes, In "John's" conversations with Condon (and In Hauptmann's reported attitude toward the police), there was and Is a curious respectfulness and a Sort of plaintive note. German Cues. His phraseology, his accent, his use of tho expressions "Mr. Colonel Lind bergh," and "Mr. Dr. Condon" (both corresponding to tho Cormnnlo "Hcrr Colonol" and "Herr Doctor"), and other Items In tho notes Indicated that the writer still thought In German, and so must be a fairly recent Immi grant to this country. When Dr. Con don told me that tho man he saw had a moro Scandinavian than Oor man appearance, I hit on tho Danish border solution. (Hauptmann was born in Kamens, Saxony, near the Schles wlg-Holstoln border). Tho deduction that he wis the owner of a small car and the eor elsted deduction that he had used one wore arrived it simi larly. While tho police were announcing that the kidnappers could not havb hidden tho ladder sections out of sight In an automobile (because thoy Wore trying to hide them In their own flulcks and Cadillacs), I fitted a ccantllng the samn length aS the lad dor sections Out of sight in a small ear—one of the two-door Sedan type with divided tip-up front seats, . The fact that ho had a car (aside from tho fact that strange automobile tracks were reported at a distance from tho Lindbergh home) was de duced from tho circumstance that tho ladder hnd heen built of such light ma terial that It broko during tho process of getting tho baby out of tho nursery. This Indicated that he knew ho -would 71IWN0 nAVPTMAm, lV7»o f.«? r/mrffcd with the kidnapping of the Lindbergh baly. have to carry tho ladder a consider* able distance from where he planned to purk an automobile. Lived In Bronx. I bollove tho man mils: live In the Bronx because ho had so quickly noted Dr. Condon'B otter to act as intermedi ary which was printed In a local com munity paper, tho "Bronx Home Nowa"—than had checked sip on Con don, decldod ho was suitable, and mailed htm a lettor. The tact that the man had ap pointed the tlrst rendexvous with . Condon at .t point near Woodlawo Cemetery and Van Cortlandt Park seemed to me cljnehlns proof not only that he wae very familiar with the locality within the area of the circle I had drawn, but aloo llvod wltnln It. However, It waa Dr. Shoonfold's dis covery when, on May 22, 1932, he placod a facsimile of the hint ransom note under his magnifying glass and then said the man had fli'Bt written the words "Gun Hill" as tho location wlioro tho baby was being kept,- and. by clearly observable pen strokes, had transformed these words Into "Gay Head," that mado tho concept of his rCBldonco In that vicinity complete. Gun Hill road Is ono of tho main thoroughfares of tho Bronx, and well known to alt Bronx residents. Near-miser Type. From dozons of Indications In tho notos I had dotermlncd that tho kid napper- klllor was a frugal, nonr-mtBcr typo. When I told Dotcotlvo-Lloutonant Jamos J. Finn at Now York noltcn headquarters that ho would pay him self a small salary—2R or 30 dollars n weak—from his hoard, Finn checked and found that the ransom bills passed at shops for nocobsltlos In tho Slimmer of 1932 were turning up at the rnlo of about 30 dollars a weclt. In an official police compulation of the ransom bills passed In this manner from April, 1932, to Octo ber 1, 1934, the sum was set at 5100 dollars. About 12G woelts had elapsed when Hauptmann was arrested. If he Is the man sought he, therefore, spent the money at tho rato of 40 dollars 80 cents a wook. No one, excopt the ofllclals charged with that duty, lias tho right to say at the time of this writing that Haupt mann is guilty of elthor extortion or murdor. I nm not expressing my vlewu of the case against him. 1 believe, however, that the evidence Is adequate to have brought about his Indictment and trial, and that tho theory of the oase I developed two j years agd would have resulted In lo cating him, and would have Justified Ibis arrest. 