e c e nl Ethiopean Kings (Contributed.) Though the Ethiopean race (Abyssinian, as we call it) is of immense age little is known of its history. We can to-day see and handle bas-reliefs, inscriptions, pottery and coins of defunct Empires, dating back to 6,000 years ago. The early Ethiopean left no such records. Other peoples, notably our Saxon and Danish forefathers, though they did not perpetuate their history in stone or clay, even more effectually pased theirs down to us in old legends, sagas and folk lore. The people of Ancient Ethiopea did neither—with the solitary exception of the story of the Queen of Sheba and ' her son and successor, Menelik. After that comes a great blank of 2,500 years. Not till about- 200 years ago do we begin to find traces of history and even then it is very confused, for often there were Iwo or more claimants reigning at the same time, each ever a part of the country. The lirst personage we see clearly is V/olda Saiiassie (died 1816) who, after fierce fighting, ruled the whole countrv. To him came a British mission under Lord Valentia in 1805. One effect of the overtures was to open up the country for the next sixty years to many European traders and missionaries whom he and succeeding Emperors protected and encouraged. After the death of this ; enlightened sovereign there comes a period of 40 years of confused struggles between rival Ras and during these the French sought political advantages. Out of this period of war and intrigue emerges Kassa, son of a chief of ^mhara and of royal blood. By j^lent and energy this "Napoleon of Ahyssinia" overcome all rivals, and -n 1855 was proclaimed Negus Negusi or K i n g o f K i n g s 0f aii Abyssinia, un- (jer the name Qf the Emperor Theo- (jore ^he last rival he overcame was Meie'kot, son of "the good King" Sella Sellassie. Melekot died of fever immediately after his defeat, naming Menelik, his eleven year old son, as his successor. The young prince was taken into the court and service of Theodore. Twelve years later the British military expedition overthrew Theodore, who suicided to avoid capture (1868). The leader of the expedition, before it left, enthroned John (Johannes) but not before Menelik had fled to his native province which he found engaged in a small civil war of its own. If Theodore was the Napoleon of Abyssinia, Menelik was its "Robert Bruce." Failing to obtain a follow- ing and hunted by his enemies he fled to the court of WorMlu, Queen of the Gallas. Her enemies held her son as a hostage and when she refused to give up the fugitive, the boy was killed and her country invaded. After many vicissitudes Menelik returned to his native Shoa, obtained at first a small following and eventually got possession of the province and declared himself Negus. The Em- peror, John, at this time, was engaged in the first recorded war outside the boundaries of Abyssinia and his preoccupation probably saved Menelik. The "Egyptians had seized and fortified Massowa in Eritrea and made further encroachments to protect it. John's protests being futile he advanced and beat them at Marie and almost annihilated them at Gundet, on November 13, 1875. An avenging Egyptian force of 14,000 was despatched against him, but he heavily defeated this on March 25, 1876, taking all its j stores and arms. Geperal Gordon, as Governor-General of the Soudan, in- ] tervened and saved the survivors. Meanwhile Menelik had been conso- idating his power and, becoming contumacious, had to do obeisance to ohn. In 1889 John attempting to relieve General Gordon, beleagured m Kartoum, fell fighting the Dervishes and Menelik immediately declared himself sole Emperor. It was at this stage that the Italians came on the scene. Without reference to anyone they had occupied the Port of Massowa, whence John had recently driven the Egyptians and soon garrisoned it with 5,000 troops. Amongst other plenipotentiaries from Europe who attended Menelik's coronation was Count Antonelli, representing Italy, who made it the occasion of the now famous Uccialli treaty. In the Amheric copy held by Menelik it was stated that international policy "might" be conducted through Italy, in the copy in Italian held by Italy it was stated that it "must" be. When the King discovered the trick he tore up his copy. The Italian reply was to insist on the fulfilment of theirs While this was going on the Italian forces in Eritrea had been increased to 20,000 men, quarrels had been picked with Eritrean chieftains, resulting in considerable fighting and the invaders were coquetting with several of Menelik's fuedal chiefs. The King hastily collected an army and march-- ing against the Italians found General Baratieri with 14,000 troops at Adowa, in other words 18 miles across a border they themselves had laid down, j The General attacked the King, who outmanoeuvred him and his soldiers, outfought the Italians, slaying half of them and chasing the remainder to the coast. The white prisoners Menelik treated with the greatest consideration and behaVed throughout with humanity and dignity. The remainder of his eventful life was peaceful, devoted chiefly to the encouragement of European immigration and civilisation. He died in 1921 and was succeeded by Hailu, an unrelated prince. This man, as a Mahommedan, was distasteful to the people and he was deposed. The present Emperor succeeded him, with the double claim of himself being Ras of Shoa and of royal blood and his queen grand-daughter of the equally blueblooded Emperor Theodore. To obtain a correct conception of these and former rulers we cannot judge them by modern English standards. Rather they must be contrasted with Saxon and Norman England of from the seventh to twelve centuries and they do not suffer by the comparison. The decease of each King saw several powerful chieftains, all of eaually royal blood, spring to arms and claim the succession. There was no other arbitrament but that of war and one battle generally decided each claim. If there were more than two rivals each in turn assailed the victor till victory remained with one and to him the vanquished rendered fuedal service. Non-combatants were neither harmed nor oppressed; devastations were exceptional. As a rule when once the fierce victor was enthroned he became a beneficient sovereign and the settled policy with each was to give his realm an uplift to civilisation as he conceived it to be. If his steps to conquest were marked by sanguinary battles these were not followed by the devastations wrought by Saxon Kings or the slaughter, misery and oppression of the people under the early Norman conquerors. Haile Selassie todąy.—The latest yictur* of the progressive ruler of ^ i^y. Afayadua. 