tEhe tTdegtttph TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1935. SPREAD OF EMPIRE POPULATION. A USTRALIA is keenly interested in the information that some members of the very dominant Conservative Party in the British House of Commons intend to start a discussion on the subject of migration. In this they will have the sympathy, if not the active as sistance, of the new Secretary of State for the Dominions, and it is fortunate that he will to a con siderable extent be in a position to present the Australian point of view, so far as it can be expressed, because.it is by no means concrete.- We hope the debate \yill do good. It- should at least stimulate thought in desirable directions, and will probably strengthen the view that the safety of the Empire in the long years to come depends upon a better distribution of its people. There may be not very much that is new to be said on the subject. The desirableness of what is 'proposed admits of no doubt. The question, however, is one for more practical consider ation ; for the devising of ways and means and for investigation as to whether the time is ripe for a serious movement. Or, if not, when it may be expected that steps can be' taken to relieve congestion on the one hand and fill vast empty spaces on the other. For Australia, as we have said several times, possibly at the risk of wearisome repetition, the ques tion of population is such that be fore very long it is certain to be come critical. In the year ended last September the increase in the number of Australians was 45,813. This really is a miserable figure in a country so extensive and pos sessing, as it does, opportunities for great expansion in settlement, useful occupation, and production of large quantities of foodstuffs and raw materials which are needed abroad. The latest statistics give a natural increase — excess of births over deaths — of seven-tenths of one per cent. Fewer babies are born in Australia year by year, and the decline is fast overtaking the smaller improvement in the death rate. Further, as the present con ditions continue there will be such a steady change in the age dis tribution that there will be re latively more old people — which means also relatively more deaths — and fewer of the rest of the community to support them. In our view, immigration is vital to the security of the nation and is one of the main problems for the solution of which statesmen and citizens ought to devote their very serious thoughts. No doubt eco nomic conditions are to some ex tent, at least, contributing to the grave increase which the records disclose in the proportion of child less marriages, and one thing which calls for comment is the ex cessive burden of taxation — an evil which the politicians seem not to appreciate. There is one point which we should like to see some memhers of the House of Commons bring out in the pending debate; indeed, it would be well if they could be prompted from the Dominions. That is, that if the United King dom expects the oversea members of the Commonwealth of Nations to welcome their kith and kin from the Mother Country, then it is fair and reasonable — and necessary — that restrictions upon Empire im ports into the United Kingdom should be removed. The stimula tion of Empire trade is a logical corollary to spreading British people over the Empire. Australia, for instance, cannot reasonably be expected — and cannot be induced — to open her arms to arrivals from Britain while her sales of surplus produce in that country are subject to quantitative regulation, and especially seeing that the goods sent from here are .but a fraction of those accepted from foreign nations. Friends of the Empire, among whom we feel that Mr. Mal colm MacDonald may be included, should understand this aspect of the matter, and they should try to make others understand it. The opportunity is one that might well be taken to emphasise the superiority of the Dominions over foreigners as customers of the United Kingdom, present and prospective, and to throw out some broad hints that first place should be given to the claims of the Dominions in the negotiations which will be required prior to the expiry of Anglo-Argentine and Anglo-Danish treaties within the ensuing twelve months. There are conditions in these treaties which clash with the letter- and the spirit of the Ottawa Agreements, which, in the words of Mr. Lyons, are "totally inconsistent with the prin ciple of preferential Empire trade subscribed to by the United King dom at Ottawa." This important fact and argument cannot be to'o emphatically stated, and a very opportune time to do so is when the House of Commons is discuss ing migration. Trade and occu pation must go hand in hand. The Dominions must be given, in no niggardly fashion, a substantial expanding share in the trade of the United Kingdom if, on their part, they are to consider the expansion of their British populations. . 