GENEVA DISCUSSIONS KNOTTY PROBLEMS FOR COUNCIL. THE SAAR CLEAN UP. GENEVA. 19th Jnnunrv. Tho League Council has decided that the evacuation of the international force from the Saar shall begin on 1st Feb ruary. The Italians will be the first to leave. Mr. Eden, referring to the undertakings given by Germany to refrain from re prisals or persecution In the Soar, said the nations were entitled to expect that these promises would be kept. They in cluded, firstly, an agreement by Germany that for tho transitional period of one year nil voters, nnd such non-voters ns had been in the territory for three years, might bring before the supreme plebiscite tribunal of the Saar, Itself nn Intern®- tional body, complaints of political perse cutions, reprisals or discrimination; and, secondly, nn undertaking that for the same period the inhabitants of the Saar territory, whatever their nationality, should not be subjected to discrimination on account of Inngungc, race or religion. Mr. Eden paid a warm tribute on behalf of the British Government to the tact and patience of Baron Alolsl nnd his com mittee and the truly exceptional service of Mr. Geoffrey Knox, the Australian presi dent of the Saar governing commission. The Council decided to place the French resolution rcgnrding Saar refugees on the agendn of the present session. Dr. Braun told the press that 20,000 refugees would leave the region. MARSEILLES MURDERS. Hungarian Police Punished. The Hungarian Government's memo randum on the inquiry undertaken in reply to Yugo-Slavia's allegation of Hun garian responsibility for the Marseilles murders, denies responsibility for any con nection with King Alexander's assassins. It Is ndmitted, however, that certain minor Hungarian police officials had not controlled Croat immigration with the necessary diligence. Two police captains had been dismissed, and three policemen sentenced to imprisonment. Stricter mea sures for the control of foreigners nnd the issue cf passports was promised. When the matter came before the League Council Mr. Eden's report asking Yugo-Slavia and other members of the council to communicate to him any ob servations on the Hungarian memoran dum was accepted. Mr. Eden Ingeniously arranged that the Yugo-Slavlan com ments should be presented in writing, thus avoiding the prospect of further recriminations against Hungury. Italy and Abyssinia. Following mediation by M. Laval and Mr. Eden, Italy and Abyssinia have agreed to undertake direct friendly negotiations regarding recent incidents on their frontier, pending the meeting of the League Council in May. The Abyssinian Government's memo randum, which is based on Article 11, paragraph 2, o( the League Covenant, requests that the matter be placed on the Council agenda. It included a report by Lieutenant-Colonel Clifford, a British member of the Delimitation Com mission, criticising tho conduct of the Italians at Vnlual, and hinting that Italy was seeking to create -an undesirable precedent. A3 regarded the Italian terri torial claims, the delimitation commis sion had made every, effort to arrive at equitable conciliation.- but it had been constantly thwarted by the dis obliging'- attitude of. on Italian officer. An Italian aeroplane had dived down over the commission, nnd trained its machine gun upon"- the members of the commission. Polish Delegate Walks Out. The Council discussed . the Polish minority question yesterday, In the ab sence of the Polish delegate, who walked out of the chamber and took no part In the debate. His action was a pointed reminder that Poland has not changed I the attitude she took up In September, when she. refused to collaborate with ithe League's organisations for tho pro tection of minorities on the ground that Russia and Germany were not bound by the same minorities regulations. Following a report by Mr. Eden re garding Nazi, activities at Danzig, the Council warned tho Danzig Government that It must respect the free city's con stitution, which Is guaranteed by the League. r Claims Against Great Britain. The Council adjourned till Monday after a lengthy discussion of Finland's claim against Great Britain for approxi mately £1,000,000 for the use of Finnish ships during the war. Great Britain paid the Russian Government, through which she chartered the ships prior to the declaration of Finland's indepen dence, but the Finnish ship owners did not receive the money from the Soviet. Switzerland also claims £2,000,000 for war damages from Great Britain, France, Italy and Belgium. Mr. Eden reproached the Finnish and Swiss delegates for bringing forward "insignificant disputes" which threatened to turn the Council into a debt-collecting agency. Mr. Keith Officer, on behalf of Aus tralia, said his Government objected to the stretching of Article Eleven of the covenant to Include such claims. The Spanish nnd Danish delegates felt, however, there was a case for the Coun cil, and a report will be drawn up dur ing the week end on which a vote will be taken on Monday. Mandated Pacific Islands. The Council adopted the report of tho Mandates Commission, Including its request for further particulars from Japan regarding the sums spent in the- cqulpincnt of ports in tho mandated islands. Tlie correspondent of the British United Press says: — "No speaker at the Council meeting referred to Japan's withdrawal from ' tho League. Tills is taken to mean that she will continue to hold her mandatory rights after she leaves the League." The Proposed Eastern Pact. M. Lltvlnoff made a statement imply ing that the Polish Foreign Minister (M. Beck) had withdrawn his opposition to the Eastern Pact, and that only the consent of Germany was now required. M. Beck Is confined to bed with nn attack or bronchitis. French official quarters state that M. Beck has not yet replied categorically lo M. Laval's re presentations on the subject. Communist "Heresy" in Russia. MOSCOW, 19lh January. A rigorous campaign Is being waged throughout Russia against so-called Com munist heresy. Men are being removed from their positions and expelled from the Com munist party, and mnny students have been expelled from the Universities for having made remarks that were not strictly in accordance with the party dictates. T1IE ANGLO-JAPANESE ALLIANCE. TOICIO, 20lh January, Commenting on recent suggestions for tho revival of the Anglo-Japanese alli ance, .tho "Yomluri" savs: — "We should not swallow too quickly advocacy of the revival of the alliance, which Great Britain once abrogated for her own selfish interests. The British I apparently want to join hands with us again, but the Dominions have shut us out. There is no necessity for Japan to again take the role of watch dog for Great Britain and her Dominions. We want friendship not only with the British Empire, but with the United States — in fact, with all countries." 