SÜ$ %Ï%W. MELBOURNE "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." Business communications should be addressed to the General Manager. Difficulty in obtaining copies of "The Argus" should be reported to the Circulation Manager. Advertisements will be received by city and Suburban News Agents up to 5.45 p.m. Classification of other than necessarily late Death and Funeral Notices cannot be guaranteed if received at "The Argus" office later than 8 p.m. Advertisements must be addressed to the Advertising Department. WILSON AND MACKINNON, PROPRIETORS. Head Office: 365 Elizabeth st., Melbourne, C.1. Branches: Melbourne, 243 Collins st.; Sydney, "Sydney Morning Herald" Building, 66 Pitt st.; London, 80 Fleet st., E.C.4. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26,1935 "SUPERFLUOUS" COLONIES -? Evidence is accumulating that many nations are profoundly dissatisfied with the distribution of the world's productive areas. This dissatisfaction has been often expressed in recent years as the con- traction of world trade and the artificial barriers in the way of exchange have made access to foodstuffs and raw materials more difficult. Following upon Italy's claim to be allowed a controlling influence over, undeveloped Abyssinia it is now asserted that the Japanese Government, in its reply to the British Note on the limitation of navies, alluded to the need for a better distribution of the world's natural resources. Whether this be so or not, the Japanese press is engaged in propaganda, looking towards a redistribution of the " superfluous" colonies of the various Powers, and is quoting Sir Samuel Hoare's statement that the British Government is anxious to confer upon the question of a more equitable distribution of raw materials. It is well known that the Japanese Foreign Minister (Mr. Hirota) holds strong opinions upon national deficiencies in raw materials as a fruitful cause of wars. He has repeatedly asserted that economic causes must be removed if world war is to cease. In his latest pronouncement on the Mediterranean crisis Sir Samuel Hoare reminded the world again of Italy's claims for expansion and economic security, and reiterated the necessity for an investigation of colonial raw materials if a peaceful atmosphere is to be restored. He was supported in this by the Liberal leader, Sir Herbert Samuel; and Mr. George Lansbury, until lately leader of the British Labour party, went even further by suggesting that Britain should take the initiative in calling the conference and in expressing willingness to place the " vast resources of the Empire into a " pool of common service with the " nations of the world." These declarations by responsible British leaders must give rise to serious reflection in all parts of the world where undeveloped resources still exist. The implications, many of them politically uncomfortable for the Commonwealth of Australia, do not need emphasis. There is a just claim for collective security in regard to the materials essential to national life and every reason for prompt action to disclose the facts of the situation in which some countries are placed. Japan has declared that, as a consequence of restrictions upon emigration and of resistance to the export of her manufactures, she has felt bottled " up." Italy is in a similar position, and the Governments of both countries must take serious thought about providing employment for their rapidly increasing popula- tions. The real heart of this problem of raw materials concerns minerals, especially coal and oil, and those tropical products which are becoming increasingly necessary to modern industrial efficiency. Rubber, cotton, copra, and sugar are commodities which are playing an increasingly important part in manufacture, and it is vital to efficient all-round development that access to these materials should be provided. An unbiased view of Japanese and Italian necessities need not, however, obscure the fact that Great Britain also has a similar unemployment problem and that she, also needs outlets for manufactures and men. A fair view of the world situation would admit that the technique of developing productive areas and of utilising waste lands has been evolved painfully and ex- pensively by Great Britain, to the benefit of the whole world, in the last century. British energy and British capital have been poured out in the process of inducing Dominions and dependencies to make their appropriate contributions to the world economy. This technique, which has developed an efficiency of production from the field, has been complementary to the efficiency of British factories. It is even more important to point out at this moment that in the humane administration of native races and backward peoples the British have given a lead to the whole world, and there need be no apology about this " enlightened self-interest." It is impossible to divorce from the discussion of economic resources the suspicion that international envy of British success is playing a large part. There are more practical aspects of the problem which are also due for recognition. Admittedly, broader views must be developed upon problems concerning the migrations of people. At present, when mechanical transport on sea and land has become rapid and cheap, the immobility of labour, because of poverty and political hindrances, is at its greatest. A truthful exchange of facts would reveal that it is not racial prejudice or national jealousy which is the most significant hindrance to the more equitable sharing of world wealth. If we would restore former ease of access to raw materials we must restore the former mobility of capital. International investment, with all its invigorating effects upon international trade, must be revived. individuals who would engage in the production of copra or wheat must In these days possess capital, and Governments must be enabled to make preparations for settlement, which are very expensive. It is curious that this demand for the production and circulation of foodstuffs and raw materials should be made at a time when world stocks of these goods are very high. This should point convincingly to the fact that attention must be concentrated upon aspects of invest- ment. International investment would certainly revive international trade, but it is a sad fact that international lending cannot begin again until political security has been restored throughout the world. Trade is the true scientific method of sharing resources and of raising the standard of living in every country. Agitation for armaments and colonial adventures that begin with military aggression is one sure way of fomenting mistrust, of per- petuating uncertainty, and of scar- ing capital from its prime function in development. These aspects of the subject should receive thoughtful consideration by all national authorities. As far as Australia is concerned, it may be true that we can make a larger contribution to the settlement of these difficult problems of migration and access to materials. As soon as it is practicable we must take steps to resume immigration from Britain, especially of young people with energy and adaptability. (The distinguished English pre- late who suggested that the Northern Territory should be handed over to Japan overlooked the fact that Great Britain also needed an out- let.) We ought also to open the way for renewed immigration of Europeans. The part played by German, Danish, Scandinavian, and Italian settlers in Australia in the past should be a guarantee of the contribution they can made in future development. If the facts of the world situation are faced with open minds, in a spirit of compromise, and with full recognition of the industrial and financial conditions which underlie them, a peaceful solution of these problems should not be impossible. 