Everyday And Everybody By The Idler Bread report of tbo Royal Commis sioner on bread, tho Premier told tho anti-Labor Press yesterday, showed that under tho pressure of competition especially In industrial areas, much bread was being: sold be low tho maximum Why on. earth , then# did Mr. Ste vens withdraw the proclamation -and thus Increase tho price! Fewer Members TT was stated In tho Government A Press yesterday that, subject to tho approval of Cuucus, It was pro bable that the Premier In his pre election policy speech, would pro mise to reduco tho number of mem bers of the Legislative Assembly I Caucus should be easy as 1G mem bers have already admitted defeat at tho polls and IS others confess that they don't know whero they are! f$o It won't matter to them even if tho Premier wants to promlso to abolish Parliament altogether. . "Buttered" In ""EOR sheer presumption and pomp- A osity, those papor Premiers give a long lead to the dlnkum potentate himself," writes a correspondent. "Thus tho ubiquitous B. 8. B. Ste vens. rustling Into tho presence at tho Wlngham Show: The butter quality position in tho ether States is very unsatisfactory and I have re ferred tho matter to tho Australian Agricultural Council for considera tion/ "Whether ho had also referred the AbyRRlnlan disputo to the League of Nations and forwarded a mlnuto on bodyline bowling to the M.C.C. he neglected to state." Judge Knew His A.I.F. /"MlATtGED with habitual drunken- ncsB n farmer. In tho Divorco Court; yesterday denied tho charge and explained that the reason why ho had not sent his wife moro mono? was not due to drink or gambling but to "grasshoppers drought, frost Are, and bailiffs." His Honor: Everything bar rab bits. Mr. Maddocks Cohen: Don't you play cards? Witness; No! Mr. Cohen: You are a returned soldier. Do you say you don't play poker? Witness: No. I don't play. His Honor: Try him on Crown and Anchor. Right Oil "fpHG right oil" la a colloquial A phrase in horse racing circles but if the theses of two London doctors Drs. V. G. Walsh and A. Q. Frasor. of St. Mary's Hospital Medi cal School. England are correct, the term may also bo used by disease- ridden patients In the near future Dr. Walsh is now In Sydney with his oil cure for pneumonia, erysipelas, rheumatic fever ,and septicaemia. The doctor first uses tin apparatus that breaks ollvo oil Into particles each one ten-thousandth part of an inch In diameter. When Injected Into the patient's body, the oil Js said to absorb the poisons generated by the germe and remove them from the blood stream. Dust Menace A CCORDING to cables from tho U.S.A. there are many cases there whero pneumonia h&s; been caused hv dust lifted from farm areas, irritating the lungs. Many theories are advanoed concerning the causo of pnoumonla, but on the medical evidence direct Infection from one person to another appears to be the chlof medium. A person whose system Is run down and his vitality lowered is the chief target for the pneumonia germ which frequently attacks persons suffering from exposure to wind, cold and rain. The . oil euro will cause a ray of hope to penetrato the breasts of many sufferers, but, In the meantime, civic authorities and housewives will not rolax their efforts to subdue tho dust Imp — who Is a sworn enemy of 1i»man lungs. Band Veteran TF anybody knows of a band mas- ter with a longer record than that of Mr. Sam Lewtns, conductor of the Bathurst District Band I would like to hear of him. In November next, Mr. Lewlns will have completed half a century as conductor of tho band— said to be a world's record — and, although he Is 73 years of rige, It Is claimed on his behalf that.hiB ability, couplea with a keen seuso of tone, has not been Impaired. The fame of the band of which he has been in charge for bo many years extends throughout .the Com monwealth, and amongBt Its long string of successes aro many cham pionship's. Three of his four . sons— Charlei (Llthgow) and Erie . and- Jack (Bathurst)— aro active bandsmen. Tho flrstmentloned Is conductor of the Llthgow Band, while the other two and a son-in-law, Mr. C. Dixon Swift, are members of the Bathurst District Band. Many Nationalities rpHEKH wus a League of Nations x aspect about the Central Police Court yesterday, a colleague Informs me. The defendants Included two young Danish seamen, charged with being prohlbltod immigrants; two Chinese, who appeared on counts of having had prepared opium In tholr posses sion; and an Austrian, who was con victed of maliciously damaging n showcase, Interpreters were required In the case of the Chinese and tho Danes, but the Austrian, who spoke with an accent, conducted his. own case. Chief Watched TXf HILE a crowd of solicitors and T business men were waiting out. side tho City Coroner's Court yes terday for tho coroner, Mr. Oram, to return from viewing tho sceno of the disastrous flro which destroyed Hardwlcko Houso on February 23, it was a coincidence that their talk on fires In general should bo dim lurbeu by the shriek of lire sirens. . The group gathered on the kerb to watch two engines dash dawn George Street on their way to a fulHO alarm at a Walsh Bny wharf. The niun on tho cnglnos were ap parently oblivious that tho experi enced eyo of their Deputy Chief Olflcor Charles Richardson. was watching tholr progress with inter est. Later tho officer obliged pressmen by ringing up tho flro sta tion from the alarm box which is dircctlv In frort of the court 