BASIS OF. PEACE Economie Co-operation Japanese Qutlook r Speech by Dr. Kagawa ¡ , Dr. Kagawa, in a striking, address delivered yesterday at a'luncheon ol the Hobart branch of. the League bl Nations Union at Hadley's Hotel,; char- acterised tho economic prpblenvas the most serious obstado to world peace, and suggested that the 'successes achieved in Denmark by co-operative trading furnished a model that might well be followed in tho-international sphere. He was Introduced by thc Acting Premier (Mr. E. Dwyor-Gray) and others In a large gathering were the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress (Mr. and Mrs: J. J. -Wlgnall), and the Bishop of Tasmania (the Right Rev, Dr. R S. Hay), and Mrs. Hay. The League of Nations Union ot Tasmania was represented at the guest's table by tho following officers: Mr. Dennis Butler (.president), Mesdames Thomas Mur- doch, D. Maclaren, and Erskine (vice presidents), Mr. W. A. Woods (trea- surer), Mrs. Phillips, and by Professor A. B. Taylor (president of the southern section of tho League of Nations Union). Tho toasts ot the King and-of-the Emperor of Japan having been hon- oured. Mr. Dwycr-Gray, on behalf ol tho Government, heartily welcomed Dr. Kagawa, who was, lie said, the greatest man of a great nation. He was ono of tho greatest Christians the world had ever produced, one of tho fin- est labour leaders in tho world, and a man ot peace who would do his utmost to prevent humanity from rushing again Into tho barbarity and futility ol war. (Applause.) ........ Dr. Kagawa explained the difficulties facing Japan because of her dense population, her small natural resources, and her isolation In .the Far Easjt. He traced the history of foreign encroach- ments in China during. the last- four centuries, culminating in tho Russo Japanese war, and said that among the 1,000,000,000 of tho yellow race the Japaneso wera tho only independent na- tion. "When Russia completed . Port Arthur, Japan became afraid of Rus- sian aggression. Soviot Russia was powerful in China, controlling five of the IS ¡provinces, threo or four of which were ruled by the Red Army. . When the chief war lord of Manchukuo was in a very weak position, the Jap- anese peoplo thought that they must help him. They had sacrificed-150,000 soldiers to prevent Russian, encroach- ments. Tlio war lord had promised to favour Japanese interests and immigra- tion, and his failure to keep his promise has exasperated Japanese feeling. ! SINO-JAPANESE FRIENDSHIP. . . Ninety per cent, of the Japanese were inclined to have real peace, but the leaders believed this impossible with- out real friendship between China and Japan. There was no chance, of this unless China met Japan in the'matter of a lease of land. It was proposed to make Korea and Manchukuo into a neutral zone. Unless the integrity of China wero preserved, peaco In the Orient was Impossible. The position taken up by Japan was "Hands off Chipa." General Arakl, ot tho extreme right wing, had lost his prestige. The Governor-General. ot .Korea (General Ugaki), who was much opposed to in- tervention In China, had said that the Japaneso annexation ot Korea cost every year 30,000,000 yen. Tho an- nexation of Manchukuo would cost 300,000,000 yon. Tho national debt ol Japan was more than 100,000,000,000 yen. Japan could not send many emi- grants to Manchukuo, and if tho Go- vernment annexed it and extended ' the boundary lines, they had only 17 .regi- ments to defend them. Some day there would probably bc moro emigrants. When the Japanese Government had withdrawn from thc League'ot Nations the Emperor had proclaimed that some day the worlc would understand Japan's position. Bûi Japan had not withdrawn from thc social side of the League, and still sent delegates to labour and health con- ferences. They thought that wher Manciiukub was recognised ' by thc League, Japan would rejoin it. Y lt was possible that the world woulc yet bo awakened to tho need of inter- national co-operative trade. Then pari of the cause of'big wars would be re- moved. China and Japan were so^neai that China's economic crisis affected thc Japanese. Last year in Shanghai tht>¿ j had allowed him for the first time tc speak In Chlneso churches. Japan had made serious mistakes In dealing with Chlna.-but war was not the idea'of tlie Japanese. They Wanted real. peace with China, based on friendship. AUSTRALIA AND JAPAN. The same relations were noeded be- tween Australia, and Japan. It was only 3,900 miles from Brisbane to Tokio. Japan sold each year to Australia goods worth about £3,000,000, bought about 500,000 bales of wool and paid nearly £10,000,000 to Australia, because Japanese girls were beginning to wear . woollen clothes, and the silk growers wore sending their out- put to New York. Twenty,per cent, of Australia's wool now went to Japan, and Australia was taking only 3 per cent, of Japan's exports. Some Aus- tralians were annoyed when they heard that Japan was buying sheep. But tho Japanese had no room for. sheep. They were trying'to feed a few on waste mul- berry leaves. The Emperor bought Tasmanian wool last year, and would do so again this year. He wished that some of tho newspapers would print more news about the Far East. With a short-wave receiving set they could listen to the news sent out from Japan In English. Disarmament was possible only through economic understanding, and it would be good If more-Investlga tprs went to the Far East. "I am very much opposed to any military inter- vention from Japan," Dr. Kagawa said. "But I am also firmly against any kind of aggression by tho white races. In some ways Japan has been a student, to whom thewhite races have taught a lesson. Because the white races aro very militaristic, Japan has been forced to bo militaristic. When tho Japanese become very, imperialistic, they shout 'Peace, peace!' Sp let us repent from all kinds of militarism. But before we talk of peace, let us talk more about international trade. If we could work more like the English and Danish co- operatives, wo should have a better foundation for disarmament. Unless we understand the . economic and spiritual situation, it Is impossible to have permanent peace." , ' Mr. W. F. D. Butler, president of the Tasmanian section of the League of Nations Union, said that Australians must more and more understand their friends round the Pacific. He moved a vote, of thanks to tho speaker. The Bishop or Tasmania seoonded. and said that Japan and Australia had a great part to play in the preservation of peace In Che Pacific".. 