ST. ANSCHAR'S CHURCH TO-DAY (For "The Southern Cross") (BY ERIC SCHARIES) JN the Cathedral, of Reykjavik, Ice land. a statue of Arason Jon was unveiled last November n. Arason Ton, put to death in 1550 by agents of the King of Denmark, because of his strong stand in defense of Ca tholicism, was the last Catholic Bis hop of Iceland before the "Refor mation." The event was important locally because the martyred bishop is held as a hero in the country; but for the rest of the world it merely draws attention once more to the insignificant number of Catholics to-day in the Scandinavian nations. The names ot many missionary saints are found in the annals of the Church's birth and growth in the North countries, best known of whom is St. Anschar, a Benedictine born in Picardy, who went to Denmark with King Harold, when that mo narch was returning from exile. He was again Harold's travelling com panion when the King was expelled the second time, but he found favor in Sweden, and from there made several missionary excursions back into Denmark. St. Willibrord had preceded him by a century in Den mark and Heligoland but, it is be lieved, with little success in these countries. Although the Scandinavian nations venerate St. Anschar as their first apostle, there are other names linked with the Church in the north dur ing the age of fervour between the Ninth and Sixteenth Centuries—St. Canute, King of Denmark; St. Olaf, King of Norway. St. Eric, King of Sweden and Finland; St. Henry, Bis hop of Upsal; St. Bridget and others. Monastery ruins and cathedrals still standing testify to that Golden Age of Faith. Unfortunately, the Scandinavian countries and their island dependen cies were drawn into the Lutheran heresy in the Sixteenth Century. Kings, greedy of the Church's pos sessions, accepted the "reformed'' religion and forced the same on their subjects. A period of persecution, suffering and martyrdom ensued, fol lowed by three dark centuries in which Catholic worship was forbid den. Better days began to dawn for the Church in the north countries towards the middle of the last century. Li berty was regained in all countries, though Sweden still maintains the old intolerant spirit. In those na tions the Church is now in a period of renaissance, but the Catholic body is still tiny, weak and struggling. Denmark, with 3,400,000 inhabi tants, has 25,000 Catholics, '1 here is one Catholic bishop, and he is assisted bv 84 priests, 41 brothers and 829 sisters. Danish laws grant Catholics free dom of worship, but Lutheranism, be ing the State religion, enjoys greater privileges. The State reserves the right to grant official recognition to members of the clergy in the vari ous communities. About two-thirds of the Catholics in Denmark are Da nish by birth, but since 1895 there has been a strong Polish immigra tion. These latter remain attached to their own language and customs, with the result that between them and the Danes there is a noticeable division, visible sometimes in Catho lic activities. Catholics in Denmark, though, for the most part taken from the lower class of society, enjoy a fair degree of prosperity. Though Sweden has over six mil lion subjects, only four thousand are Catholics. Twenty-two priests, eight brothers and 1x9 sisters, with a bishop, at the head of the vicariate, are doing, their be;t to extend the Church. Progress, however, cannot be des cribed as extraordinary. Swedish Catholics live peacefully with their Protestant countrymen and relations with the Government are good. It can be said, neverthe less, that Sweden is the most intole rant of present-day Lutheran coun tries. Anti- Catholic laws are still in force and hinder the quiet spread of the faith. Convents and religious orders are officially banned. Luther anism, as the State religion, enjoys all sorts of privileges and favors. The municipal registers are controlled by Lutheran pastors, and this means that Catholics must go to them to obtain the various certificates requi site for business transactions, con tracting marriage, etc. Converts to Catholicism, if employed by the State, run the risk of losing their position. The civil laws require that in the case of mixed marriage the children are to be brought up Lu therans, unless both parties sign an explicit declaration to the contrary. Though the press is generally indif ferent in its religious views, it at tacks the Catholic Church now and then. Text books are stamped with the same spirit of bigotry. Sweden, it will also be recalled, is one of the countries more prominent in support ing Protestant foreign missions. Norway iias 2,800 Catholics in a total population of two-and-a-half millions. Since 1931 the country has been divided into three ecclesiastical territories, of which Oslo is a Vi cariate ruled by a bishop, the other two, the District of Central Norway and the District of Northern Norway, are under the direction of local Su periors. The Church here has one bishop, 38 priests, one brother and 482 sisters. The Lutlieranism of Norway is not nearly so frantic in its attitude to wards the Catholic Church as it is in Sweden. The authorities recognise the Vicar Apostolic of Oslo and the two District Superiors; they recog nise also the parish priests, and allow them ample liberty in conducting their religious functions. The Je suits, however, are still banned, and Catholics are not allowed to assume the direction of State schools. There is in the Protestanism of the nation a strong current in favor of Catho licism, which is linked with a glo rious era of Norwegian history. Though conditions are relatively fa vorable, the progress of tuc Church is slow, due, among many v her ~ea sons, to the small number c: prl-: -ts and to the lack of a strong Catho lic organisation. More thorough de velopment e* lie Catholic press would aid greatly, it is believed. Iceland, with an area nearly equal to that of KeiiiacKy, and a population of 108,644, has 276 Catholics. There is one bishop, five priests, two bro thers and 31 sisters. The Catholics enjoy absolute li berty in their religious lifa. The au thorities are well disposed towards Catholics, the Lutheran pastors no longer show the old ayersion towards Missionaries, and it can be said that were it not for the almost total lack of means of communication on the island the Church would advance more rapidly. The net increase of Catholics during the period June. 1932 —June, 1933 was 45. The Catholic Cathedral of Reykjavik, the most at tractive religious edifice in Iceland, was consecrated in 1929 by Cardinal Van Rossunx, Prefect of the Congre gation of Propaganda. Greenland, discovered in the year 981 by Eric the Red, a Norwegian outlaw, and christianised by his son Leif, who brought missionaries from Norway, had 18 Catholic Bishops be fore the "Reformatioin." Denmark controls the country and keeps it closed against all outside nations, and the Danish laws in force prohibit missionaries from entering. It is be lieved that these rigorous restrictions were imposed because of a distur bance occasioned by the intemperate zeal of a sect called the Hernhuttens. At any rate, there is little to be done at present except to hope for a miti. gation of the laws and to pray for the day when missionary work may be carried on among the Eskimos. In Greened there are 16,222 natives and 408 Danes. ,—Fides Service). 