POGROMS? CALL IT WHAT YOU LIKE! , mN INVErtVIEW WITH THE MUFTI (The Arab Chief) Translated from the 'HaareK,' Jeraaalem, for the 'Hebrew Standard-' The famous French newspaper, -he .Journal/1 recently pubnsnea ail' lhitiview which its representative had with, tne .leader of the Arabs In Palestine— the JMu'ftJ. The Mufti was found seated at a large .writing ta'ble Jaden with documents and iblling in his hand' the visiting cards ?which the journalist had sent in; ''Are you a tourist', said the Mutti. 1 Not Q rtlflin t Oil Viet » vmn- Imlinoon 1: \- ? w w ».t jt **+*.*.*. i.uui ^ub) juu| 11V1111COD, M. .seek an interview.' 'On what subject?' ''On Zionism' 'Very interest ng,' smiled the Mutti . I have seen ciearly,' continued the inter .viewer, '-that the Jews have done great things in the country, and, I want to Jcnow what the great Mufti of Jerusalem thinks about it.' The Mufti moved his head a little, .thought a lew moments, and then said: 'My dear sir, . ,. . would you like a Jcup of coffee? You surely won't ' refuse, me. Ahmad, coffee- Unfortunately, I ?can't cfier you a cigar — I don't smoite.' The jou'ui.uii-i. was -u nrst taken a ? little ueaCiC by tlnsj answoi, 'but, a.tor , he ha'd swallowed 'his cotl'co,1. Jie' U-.lcI again to get' his. Holiness ;toj apeak. '1 believe, ' said, the interviewer, uiat the Ara'b National1 Party in Pale&t.ne;, is, -created tf of 'Ui3; purpose ~o± vprjtectufg die ,? Arab soil lrorn -those whom' you cui dis /Iiossesaors.' - .' - V -0 ,, * Tlie 'Mufti' smiled again, and answered ,-as lollows : , , j 'What is going to be the end ot'that UTair Prance of yours. It looks to me ?as if you are' in great trouble.' 'This time,' writes the Frenchman, ?,''1 .grew impatient. I got up fi om my [chair and said: 'Your Holiness,' I know you are not inclined to say much 'but ...' The Multi bowed to the newspaperman 'with a great sweep and said: ''I venture to give you a word of ad vice. If you would only see Emil Kuri.' The 'chance was not long in coming, As if according to a plan, the Secretary 'lifts up the telephone receiver. Emil Kuri (the General Secretary '?of the Palestine Arab Party), is on the. .phone and the Mufti tells him to receive the French journalist, and what Kuri ?'says is crisp and brutal. 'We only have one object,' he says, -to defend ourselves against the Jews who have fallen on our land. Those people Tiiave ;uonie to steal the soil from us. They pay big prices for it— andi that is the principal danger. For a piece of land worth £200 the Jews give £10,000. The Mufti made a public declaration in Jeru salem, Jaffa, and in the villages that an Arab who sells his land to strangers is a traitor, tsy every means at our dis posal, we win protect our land which the Jews are conspiring to take away from us with the dollars which are being sent to them by their brethren all over the world-' Then Emil Kuri became particularly grave and said: 'Let our enemies not miscalculate. Our Pan Arab Movement contains three hun dred millions ? of Moslem supporters. Every week detailed communications are despatched from Jerusalem about the position to our brethren in Morocco and India. We have the power and soon we will have the money. Armed AraT) bands, trained to fight, fire stationed in readiness in our villages. Some call us Fascists. ?We don'fe care. Our ranks are for libera ti on and redemption.' . , Then, he became diplomatically menac ing and said: ''Wo' have warned the High Commis VioneVj and, .have, told him that this is a grave hour. ' For it the Government ''.doenn't stopi Jewish immigration, and the (t; salo.\ of, land, Uocdy events will take ?i place -in Palestine.' .'V The' French journalist recoiled: , ': 'What! Pogroms?' 'You can call it what you like.' Copenhagen.— Seven German journal ists walked out from a dinner given to 50 European journalists attei a spetcu by the president of the Danish Jourmu ists' Association, says the 'Daily Tele graph' cable service. The president said he was pleased to see representatives of the great, free Press of Britain and other countries present, as on a free Press rested the se. cur ity of Democracy. 'We also have representatives from countries where the Press is Jiof free.' he said, 'but we recognise that they are working to the best of their ability for the welfare of the people.' At this, point the Germans rose up, clicked their heels, and said, 'Thank you for to-day- Heil Hitler!' They then gave the Nazi salute, then withdrew They have sincei been ordered to re port to. the German Minister of Propa ganda (Dr. Goebbels). ? ? ? a * * * YOUNG ZIONIST LEAGUE OF N.S.W. Grand Concert at Hoyts Theatre Of exceptional interest to our com munity is the' grand' concert Weing or ganised by the Young Zionist League, in aid of the' Mile of Pennies' Appeal.'' An excellent programme to which many out standing professional artists will contri bute, has been arranged. The concert is to be held at the Hoyt's Theatre, on Sunday, June 28, at 8 p.m There wil.be a silver coin collection and the entire proceeds' will go. to the League's Jewish (National Fund) for German Jewish Refugees. Admission is free, and the doors open at 7.15 p.m. The League's Appeal Committee, which is under the patronage of Mrs. Sim Green, has asked' that it be emphasised that not one penny of the proceeds of the sale of stamps, or of the various functions held on behalf of. the Appeal, will be used for expenses; costs being met by subscriptions from private re sources. The League has at present the sum of £25 to the credit of the Mile of Pennies Appeal. lhe Committee urges all members of the community to buy the stamps and to attend the functions of the Appeal. 