R F f F N T T H F A T R F iXl^VJl^lM lllLirl I Shirley Sparkles in New Film, j "The Littlest Rebel" | j CJJuci in jiantalettes and cr lines, Shirley Temple is currently naclinu' the ni.ost hivahle of Coni'ederates in that Lvrand story of the < tivil War. "Tlie Littlesl Rebwhich will be shown at th Iveeejii next Wednesday and Thursday > Xcw Year's l : .ve i- r.ecaiise <d' its dramatic suspense'- and its uianv scenes of Leutier pathos. ''The Littlest Kehel," m'ves S'hirJey her iirst real upj)ortunity a^ a dramatic actress, while her capacity for soup:, dauce and laiiLvhter never Sails to astonish and delight audiences. The jiietur<\ from Darryl Y- Zantick's 20th Centurv-Fo\\- Studio's, follows closely the outlines of I lie famous play from which it wa.s adapted. John Boles and Karen Morley play Shirley's parents. wivle Jack Doll is cast as the gallant I'uion ftflicer who attem])t"s to aid Shirley and her father in an escape after her mother succumbs to the rigors of war- The dramatic force oi" the picture is heyivhiencd by the interludes of soiilv and dance. Bill Rob; iison, the lovable champion of lap dance, au'ain assists little (Shirley 'n a series of intricate and delight fill imitines- Her soims. iiiclud.'.ne' llial beautiiul classic '! Ai! Thy Endearing AVean^ t'linrias," arc lu^hliirht ed by a imw nmnb.M-. ""Polly 'Wolly Dood'e-." bv Sidney f'larc and P.- (i- T)i'Syl\\-n. who als 0 served n- assi-.tant producer on Hie picture. i I ui i o i W i I i a re. s. Willie P,. si an kb'ank McU'yun. sen-, are import- Mi. 11'•;•!!,b 'i's of rlu' featured cast u! tills ;11c! lire, directed by David Pmkr. '"My Marriage,'" Film te i e heinnd the Supporting gripping 11 'day 's newspajxu's.- the joy hauteur a.nd snohbei'y ol secieiv'o elite ; ilie menace Ijt the uudM''.voriii--- :h:;igs .-reate lite dr.Minit :c on- oi the cii- 11 iraiiir.j' Fox p.A ; oe (: "Aiy Alavria-.:v." which wc! iw b,- o '.he ]•!•'- o, m . V,' i.'die'si lay and' Thill's- | I -.- • •'!• i. , T ;, day next m s uyi" lJ - ; °t - o- Ae'.l L'.-heh" I Willi Claire Trey >r in the : >adng I'oie-—m-'o-e lovely a.id eiTeeiv,- than ever before—it tells, oi' i -iri who su-'iiliv endure:! ! h« »»sracism ami pei'-ecul ion >A . i V because ,,!' the st rauuv death ,f iwr father ; bu• wl.o uncovered ei• r*• i s l hat v.-e:e .- -eiei ix'nainit e. to will baek th. !•••'of da man -In- hwed- New Year's Night and January 2nd 4 'Ship Cafe." Carl 1 iris.soii. Paramount actor, solicit realism for hi< new screen role as ship slol^c '«y s]»endimv much of hi> time with the -black gang* ir. die su.kehohl ef a ship Ai order to net the pro_ f^l'"!- and background of his part. The Danish sfar'is featured opp o s i t e Arliue .judge in Paramount's comedy drama with music. ''Ship Cafe." which comes to the Regent on January 1st an 2nd. The ory deals wi 1 h the ad- senture> i 1! rissou, ' a stoker. who hecol \- a he bouncer in wa' erfmui live and makes the i dace an .overiiiglu society I'eiiile/.- \oiis bv knocking out a champion ho\ev who visits the club one evenim: with a. part.x ot hbrow irieiuh When th gular teat urc 1 enlaniei" in i he eat" takes ill one :iu Ii rissou ste]>s into the •ach and him-elt' becomes the I nam tit's sueaing sensation. A e iii 1 ess takes an interest in. hun, promises him a. huge >ahii'y in a swanky dub. a.nd -promptly, makes him her gigolo- Man\ hilarious ei >i^odes result when P>risson i s ln'oughl to a realisation ( of ,hn position, and renounces his bene- factress- The other picturc on this pronine w'l! be Jo lv Drewu- in Wednesday. January 6th New Jane Withers Film A !'. I II! ! U screeii. • lleeii ever bronghl 1 Paddv 0'Day,'' the F,,x wh u h shows at " I the liegent Theatre on Wedncsda\, Januar\\- Gth, weaves a story . • * oi ra])id tire song, dance and e enmedy with a heart tu- vw i , , u r s s,:tr "''i"^' 1 -" and "Ibis is the Life," heads the new production, with Pinky Tunr lin. K:ta Cansino, .Jane Darwcll and (ieorjic (livot haekiup.' her up. The story of " Paddy (VDay" iollows the fascinating and often heart warming adventures of ; motherless little Irish iuimh_>Tan1 recently arrived i n Xew York- Although she has run away from the immigration authorities at Fibs Island, numerous kindly people befriend her- Finally Pinky Toinliu, eccentric young heir i mi i I ion.-5. gives her refuge in his hmi.se- ! t is -lane's influence that creates a romance between Ton I'n and Cansino and which gets them all involved in the Pussian show ot' that excitable impressario. Ceorge Giv.it. climax in the happy Th? film finds its culmination of the romance and the finding of a permanent home for the little girl- '"Keep That Twinkle in Voir Eye.'' 'H Like a lhdalaika" and ''('hanging Afy Ambitions" are the names of some of the catchy 1 lines i hat feature "Paddy </- Paw "Charlie Chans Secret" d Shiver and gasp as you may have at the previous pictures of die Charlie Chan series, you will find new and unexpected "Charlie thrills in Chan's Secret.'' as Warner Oland unravels a baffling murder mvstery in the Fox picture ( which shows at the Regent Theatre I on Wednesday, .January bth. with -Paddy !!'D:i " Weaving his web in a house of death, the blond Chinese detective ..lives San Francisco's most bat fling murder mystery in this new nieiure, while he defies a band ol sinister killers- Suspense, thrills iu-pn-c till every scene of ibis ; cl ion-packed Cory from beginning to end- Friday and Saturday, January 8th and 9th "Under Two Flags" M < on \- oi,1nrc C who breathless lollrnyed Konald ('ohnan in Jcau Ceste." and who I -rod (' I a u d cl t e Colbert in "It Happened One Night." have a gi-eat new treat in siore for them in "Cndei - Two Flags." It is the p:el ure winch brings these two r.iahi 1 itaus of the screen together j,, -ft11 e ~ that -urpass eeen the mo.t magi i hi cent ol iheir m'sl triumphs- 'Produeed under lie direct supervision of Darryl F. Zaiuiek- 1 his drama --f surging power, tumultuous love and staring eoni'i e 1 set in die Sahara. "1 nder Tw:,, Flags" conies lo the Regent j'healre on Friday ;-nd Saturday. .January Mh and !hh- Colberi plays the role oi' "C'garetti" in this adaptation of Oik da's immortal story ot the French Foreign Legion- A lovely flirt, she toys with the atVectious of Victor McLag'len. Legionnaire major- until she meets Column, a member of the rank-, Then she imp!usiyely lo-e^ ln-r hrart to him- Tin: drama g.ihis m power and intensity with 'he appearand' of Rosalind Russell, tragi I.• English beauty- Defoi'e j ,. is out to d the de-ert to help s1em an Arab revolt. Colmau has declared his love for hc-v Heinn.-d in by lie-tile forces. McLaglen vugvluily attempts to destroN Colmau v.'iiom he believes suauds between !m i^eL" and Miss Colbert- R.ut C-ohnar saves his force hy a daring ru>e. and a maguitieein charge of iv.e Legion, led by Miss ('nib >rt. 1 e^uUs in the defeat of the Arab foc.as The magnificent snoporting east of forty character slais includes .such pro'iniuen, piayci-.-- as Orcg- •ry Ratoffr •Nh.-"' P'-iiei C- Henry (doi'don and •!. Edward I'.romherg- Frank Lloyd duce.:e<l this unusual spectacle with its' thousands oi s extras and its sveepmg and iiiag'- mlieent liackg'onihb-. 