LAND WEALTH Lessons from New Zealand Education and Herd Testing . i Importance of Pastures S ; By "MILFORD" : ;(No- 2) - ' Continuing his dissection of the wealth of information contained in '(He New Zealand Institute of Pacific Relations publication, "Agricultural Organisation in New Zealand," our contributor "Milford" points to enterprising initiative m ; the . widespread teaching of agriculture, and. in the encouragement of such atds to profitable dairying as systematic herd testing. He writes: It is interesting ' to' note .that the first agricultural college in Australasia was the agricultural section of the Canterbury - University College in the South Island of New Zealand, being founded in 1880. There are parallels with , the Australian colleges. Both Canterbury and Massey (North Island) gave diploma courses and also figure as the University colleges of agriculture. "They are more closely linked with, the University, however, than/, are the South Australian and Queensland colleges since University undergraduates spend three years at the college in place of one here, and \- each college has two members of its staff of professional' status. "Agricultural Instruction," we read, "is given at 3,003 out of 2,579 schools In New Zealand, to 50,267 out of a. total of 210,396 pupils, and is super vised by 23 itinerant instructors. The above figures reveal the . fact that agriculture , is taught at practically all the country schools and to few urban schools, since it Ib taught in 74 per cent of the schools, but to only 24 per cent of the total pupils. The figures Were almost the same in 1933." . PREPARING THE BOYS. " Post primary education in agricul ture is partly cai'ed for by 81 district high schools. Seventy-one per cent of the boys take agriculture and 23 per cent dairy science; these are subjects not courses." Some private schools like Wesley College, Paerota, and St Pat rick's, Silveretream,' have farms over 700 acres in size. Well developed voca tional courses in agriculture are taken by 8.2 per cent of boys in post-primary schools, It is Interesting to read this com ment regarding primary education: "In primary schools 80 per cent of the pupils (1929) have a mere introduc- tion to nature study and agriculture, ' and 24; per cent of these boys go on to farms at the end of their primary edu cation, with the result that 66 per cent (apprbx.) of all boys leaving to go farming— our future farmers — receive nothing; more than this elementary smattering of the science of agricul ture." The club movement has made considerable progress. ft HERD TESTING,/ The ! Department of Agriculture is organised somewhat along the lines of the Queensland one, there belhg five sections, the Head office and the stock dairy, field, and. horticultural divisions. One of the major activities is/a very well staffed plant research station situ ated near, the Massey Agricultural Col lege. ' Administration is by an advisory committee: on. which the Department of Scientific and' Industrial Research is re presented. . Herd; testing is an activity in which the dairy division is greatly interested. Mr. A.- H. .Ward, secretary of the New Zealand ; Co-operative Herd Testing . As sociation states with regard to herd test ing generally: "During the past 20 years herd testing has been adopted by the majority of farmers in New Zea land, and has been an important factor . in increasing .the Dominion average butterfat production per cow from 140.10 lbs. -in 1911-12 to 220.8 lbs. in 1933-34." The association- has a staff of eighty field officers and is helped by Govern ment and Dairy Control Board sub sidies. The field staff is drawn from Massey Agricultural College students. 297,000 cows were tested in 1933/1934. The accuracy of the group system (monthly testing) is said to be y/ithin 3 per cent of the actual production. Calf, marking on the basis of minimum butterfat production of the dam and the sire's dam has made considerable pro gress. PASTURES. As would be expected of New Zealand which occupies a notable place in the most progressive grassland farming countries, the pasture section of the book is of importance. It is written by Bruce Levy, one of the world's best known ogrostologists. Some seventeen million acres are under sown pasture. He re cords: "Of recent years the tendency is to employ a good standard mixture con taining the best species, using certified strains of these and, by manuring drain age, harrowing, soiling, &c.;, to create soil conditions so that the better species will thrive. This is in marked contra- dicitlon to the older - practice which chooses species to suit the poor and im poverished conditions rather than try to make the conditions suit the first class grasses and clovers that have a high, potential per acre productive capacity." A LESSON FOR THE STATE. This excerpt is of extreme importance to Queensland. If, without too great an expenditure of capital and income, Queensland could place much of the good Yainfall but poor country under good pasture increased settlement could occur on a dairying and, more remotely, a beef cattle basis. There is no hope for this, however, until the spade work with grasses and legumes is done by the Commonwealth Council for Scientific and Industrial Research and the De partment of .. Agriculture and Stock. No branch of an Agricultural Department can be of greater national importance nor more worth spending money upon than a Pastures Division. No branch has re ceived less attention in proportion to its potentialities. Lessening the costs of units of production in the dairying, cattle and sheep industries is more basically a matter of sound pasture man agement than is any other factor. Suit ing the pasture mixture to the prevailing conditions will be the pioneering phase; continuous ameliora tion of the conditions to suit a highly productive pasture mixture will be the lifetime job of the farmer- or grazier. Research is an immediate neces sity to determine both types of mixture under sub-tropical and tropical condi tions. Bruce Levy stresses the great im portance of strains in pasture species. As yet we know practically nothing of strains in, for instance, Paspalum, Rhodes, Molasses and Para grasses. Lu cerne and Townsville lucerne, though every wheat farmer is a grower of a definite variety of common wheat, a member of the grass family. Farrer commenced his wheat breeding in 1882. With the most difficult of pasture prob lems in the Commonwealth, owing to the few precedents in sub-tropical grazing, plant breeding with grassess in Queens land has yet to be put on its feet. The difficulties are well indicated in this quotation. . 1 "It has been amply proved in prac tise that heavy seasonal precipitations are not suited to 'modern grass-land management, and thus we find dairying development taking place in regions where, under average conditions, a reas onable rainfall is experienced every month, and where it is spread evenly over the month. The number of days on which rain falls at each period of the year is therefore a vital factor." A POTENT. FACTOR. \ Levy draws attention to the import ance of soil fertility, natural or built up, in grass land production and con cludes with: "The grassland concepts of species, strain, soil fertility, soil moisture and management are basic to grassland progress, and the co-ordina tion of these factors towards maximum efficiency will have, in the future, an even greater bearing on land utilisation and land exploitation than in the past because competition for grassland pro ducts is now keener on world markets, and the virgin soil fertility has been largely depleted." SHEEP FARMING. Dairy cattle appear to be in effective occupation of much country otherwise suitable for sheep, and sheep farming has not progressed of recent years in the spectacular way that dairying has. The Dominion has had more than twenty-five million sheep since 1927. Most of the wool produced is crossbred and the slump in the price of cross bred wool was very much worse — almost unbelievable — than was the case with merino. The average flock is about 1,000 and with the care that would be ex pected with small flocks, the lambing percentage is high, averaging 85 per cent for the eight years ending 1932. The average yield of wool from mature sheep has fluctuated from 7.25 to 8,03 lb. in the fourteen years ending 1930. DAIRYING. " "It is generally accepted that there is not much land suited to dairying that is not so used." So that expan sion lies in the better use of the dairy ing lands, Both butter and cheese sup pliers are paid on a butterfat basis as with us. though in Queensland with its high summer temperatures and fat losses in curing rooms, the case for paying on a butterfat plus casein basis in cheese- making would be sounder. The more suitable breeds for chcesemaking under our conditions would thus be en couraged. "On farms, where dairying is the sole source of income, milking ma chines are practically universal." The number of milking machines rose from 9,000 in 1919-20 to 25,000 in 1933-34. Jerseys have increased in popularity from 47.5 per cent in 1924 to 63.3 per cent in 1928. The carrying capacity of dairy farms per 100 acres increased from 28 to 40 effective milking cows during the period 1921-22 to 1933-34. This is a fine achievement. From an objective of 250 lbs. butterfat as the herd average, the figure has risen to 350. The index of production per unit of male labour on the farms has risen by 60 per cent in fourteen years. This has no doubt raised land values but has been of as sistance in meeting ' depression prices which are external and unadjustable, whereas New Zealand land values and finance are subject to local adjustments, Parliamentary or other. Bobby calves have added something to the dairy in come since 600,000 calves were slaugh tered for veal in 1932-3. TOO FEW PIGS. The number of pigs is lower than would be expected for a country of New Zealand's type. There are about 660.000 pigs or 34 pigs per 100 cows. Denmark somewhat climatically similar to New Zealand carries more than twice as many pigs as dairy cows; Denmark's' bacon trade with England was worth £21 mil lion in 1932. More than 80 per cent of New Zealand's sows have but one litter a year. BEEF CATTLE. There are U million beef cattle in the Dominion and the Aberdeen- Angus and Hereford have the highest numbers among the pure bred cattle, the Aber deen-Angus increasing relatively in recent years. The future of baby beef in New Zealand is not considered to be promising, because it is impossible on hill country and uneconomic on the flat country. ' There are 35 meat export works. The 20 on the North Island have an average killing capacity of 3,725 sheep and 135 cattle per day. The South Island's works have a lower cattle capacity. London is the main market though Liverpool and .Glasgow are notable. The Argentine has a price margin over New Zealand for ox fores and hinds; but the position is much in New Zealand's favour for lamb carcases. FORESTRY. Sixty per cent of the Dominion's area was originally forest, being then as densely forested as Finland is now. About 19 per cent of New Zealand is now under forest and of this 19, 6 per cent is merchantable. 50,000 acres are being planted yearly and a total of 360,000 has been afforested. New Zealand is the leading State In the British Empire as far as State afforestation is concerned. N.Z. EXPORTS. Further on the subject of primary production we read: "Our export trade consists almost entirely of the products of these industries, and the amount ex ported represents about 80 per cent of the total pastoral production. Roughly, therefore, about 40 per cent of our national income .is directly exposed to external price movements. Since, however, the local market for pastoral products is highly responsive to changes in the ex ternal market, practically the whole of the income derived from these sources varies directly and proportionately with changes in external prices.". Great Britain takes practically all the lamb mutton, beef and pork, and 85 per cent, of the butter. She takes 21 times as much as is locally sold, notwithstand ing that 80 per cent of the beef is used in New Zealand. One interesting thought with regard to the lamb and' mutton ex ports is that New Zealand's most for midable competitor is the English farmer and not the rival exporter. "During the war period the State played a large part both in negotiating the commandeer agreements and in the de velopment of a system of price-fixing. There followed a reversion to private competitive marketing in the early post war years. The pressure of falling and unstable prices was so great, however, that one by one, most of the exporting industries established, by sanction . of Parliament, Export Boards, whose prime function was the co-operative market ing of the export surplus." INTERNAL DRAWBACKS. With regard to overlapping in the dairying industry these quotations have a familiar ring: "Efficiency in collection, more especi ally in' regard to cream, is seriously im paired by severe competion between the various companies for supply. This re sults in a very serious overlapping of col lecting systems with a consequent in crease in cost. An illustration which is more or less representative will suffice." "In one district which is 12 miles from the nearest factory or railway, there are about 24 farms. No farm would have more than two cans per day in the flush months of the year; four carriers from four factories travel the district every day and each collects less than a quarter of a load." "In one case a proprietary factory maintains a lorry service to areas 60 miles away from the factory, the lorry pass ing on its daily trip no less than eight or nine factories, while there are at least 20 factories nearer than the factory to which the butterfat is ultimately carted." MILK CONTROL. Of the Wellington Municipal milk supply system Mr. F. B. Stevens says: "Although considerable savings in dis tribution expenses have taken place, milk is no cheaper in Wellington than else where; but against that must be set the very marked improvement in the quality of the milk sold." WHY THE DANES BEAT US. The discrepancy in the price of Danish and Dominion butter is thus accounted for: "Except in May and June. Danish butter tends to receive a marked pre mium over New Zealand butter; in fact over all Dominion butters- The first reason is the superior marketing arrange ments of the Danes, who, being only 24 hours from the market, are able to main tain direct contracts covering closely arrangements as to the quality supplied to retailers and distributors. These direct contracts cover most of the butter' produced, and leave only a small quan tity of . butter for the open market. As the price of the contract butter is de termined by the price of the free butter for which the competition is keen owing to the small quantity, Danish butter usually commands a premium. "Further, supply conditions are more closely adjusted to consumer demand, a factor which operates right back to the farmer. Then again, Danish butter is fresh and more spreadable than ' frozen Dominion butter. Finally, the Danes practically monopolise the markets in the north and east of England, and the consumers, having been educated to the quality and flavour of Danish butter, show a marked preference for it over Dominion butters." CO-OPERATION. Co-operative marketing is said, on the wh'ole. to have been unsuccessful In view of the recent registration in the south of the Co-operative Wholesale Society, it is interesting to read that: "The Co-operative Wholesale Society has made several efforts to make direct contacts with New Zealand co-operative dairy factories, but these efforts- have been re pulsed by interested parties, who have suggested on the one hand that the Co operative Wholesale Society is a social ist concern, and hence is representative of political interests subversive of order, and on the other hand is a consumers' concern and hence aims at price reduc tion." The New Zealand Co-operative Dairy Company Limited is given special men tion in view of the magnitude - of its operations. It exports 30 per cent of New Zealand butter, has a turnover of £6,000,000, 16 butter factories, 18 cheese factories, &c.;, and a capital of over £1,000,000. It certainly dwarfs any dairy ing co-operative manufacturing organisa tion in Australia. OUTSTANDING NEED. The outstanding lesson of the book Is that Queensland must afford sufficient money to staff a pastures divison in the State Department of Agriculture with personnel and funds in keeping with the magnitude of pastures as a contributor to the national wealth. The assured promise of the division would be cheaper and greater production in the dairying, beef, cattle and sheep industries. Sucn a realisation means closer settlement, safe immigration and a greater measure of national security. 