MARKETING PROBLEMS OVERSEAS Continuous Supply Failure in the past to en sure a continuity of supply of Australian butter on the Eng lish markets was yesterday attributed by Mr. A. Martin, in an address to the Lismore Rotary Club, to be one of the greatest of Australia's mar keting problems abroad. Mr. Martin recently returned from a tour of England and the United States extending . over five months. He travelled from Sydney via the Suez Canal to England and, on the return journey, he. left Southampton for New York, thence to Chicago, Kansas City, Los Angeles and return ed to Sydney via Honolulu, Pago Pago and Auckland. DANISH BUTTER While in London, Mr. Martin said, he visited Norco's agents and had a long interview with one of the directors. After informing him that as he was not a member of the board on the North Coast, but as a supplier he would be interested to learn the cause of the difference in the price of Australian and Danish butter, Mr. Martin said he was in formed that Danish butter held popularity because of the length of time it had been on the English market. Another important factor in fluencing the price of Australian butter, he was informed, was that an article inferior in quality to that of Norco was placed on the market by some factories and it tended to bring- the general price down. SHOWS HELD Periodically Australian butter shows were staged and housewives who visited them and tasted the Aus tralian product were invariably satis fied and used it extensively. How ever, when Australian butter was not available, the users went back to another brand and often kept using it. Taking as his subject "Round the world in five months," Mr. Martin touched briefly upon many interest ing phases of his trip, and education al discussions he had with people in the northern hemisphere. The strongest impression with which he returned, he said, w'as the tremendous possibilities in Australia provided the country had the" popu lation. The general opinion through out the world was that if Australia did not develop and utilise the land it had available, some other nation would endeavour to take possession of it. IMMIGRATION Dealing with immigration to Aus tralia, Mr. Martin said it appeared that it would be impossible to "spoon-feed" settlers as suggested by many authorities. - Any healthy man or woman-preferably British provided he had about £50 capital, should be encouraged to come to Australia to settle. With a population of about 25,000,000 it was - felt that the questions of defence, the national debt and those relating to consump tion would be settled. LOYALTY TO THRONE After seeing the late King George V. lying in state and the scenes at the funeral, Mr. Martin said that the tremendous loyalty and love shown throughout the British Empire defin itely proved that the Royal family had done much to cement and keep the British Empire intact inasmuch as they represented an ideal for the people to look up to.- In America where the people had a republic, 50 per cent, were in favour of the rul ing president and the other half were at a loose end, having no ideal nor standard to look cy* live up to. They were not united, in the same sense as Britain and her colonies. AERIAL SERVICES The 'plane service in America, Mr. Martin added, was much more ef ficient than that of Australia, par ticularly in ground organisation. He felt it was up to the Governments of Australia to provide adequate land ing grounds wherever aerial services were inaugurated. In conclusion, Mr. Martin said that Australia House in London seemed to be merely a renting proposition for other firms. All the Australian, States had their agent-generals sta tioned in different buildings. 