MIGRATION A MAJOR FEDERAL ISSUE CANBERRA, October 7. The Migration Bill will become the major issue in Federal politics in the near future. The developments in the House of Representatives today re- vealed inequivocal opposition by Labour to the Government's tentative pro- posals for the resumption of migration on a cooperative basis between the Commonwealth and the States. Ministers were emphatic tonight that the Government's letter to the State Premiers on the subject could in no sense be interpreted as indicating a Commonwealth move to force migration on the State Governments. They con- firmed an earlier declaration in the House by the Prime Minister that the only move so far taken had been to seek suggestions. From the lobby discussions and the Prime Minister's statement the follow- ing facts are clear: (1) That during the discussions be- tween British Ministers and Mr Men- zies and Dr Page in London it was stated that it might be possible to re- some limited migration of domestics and boys for farm work and persons sponsored by the Big Brother move- ment and the Fairbridge (Western Aus- tralia) Farm organisation. (2) Before the Cabinet formally con- sidered the question in Australia it was made clear to Britain that the resumption of large-scale migration de- pended upon an improvement in economic conditions, which in turn de- pended on the expansion of markets and higher prices for exports. (3) Three weeks ago the Government sent a letter to all the States suggest- ing— (a) that assisted passages might be granted to relatives of persons al- ready in Australia, (b) that the Commonwealth might arrange for the entry of domestics or farm boys on receipt of requistions from the States, and (c) that benefits accorded to nomi- nated migrants might be extended to residents of Britain having £300 capi- tal or a pension of £100 a year in the case of married men or £50 capi- tal in the case of single men. (4) Under any acceptable scheme the Commonwealth insisted on a rigid medi- cal examination of potential migrants to determine their suitability. Mr Lyons told the House that the Government had received many requests from Australian residents asking for assistance to enable their relatives in England to join them. Voluntary or- ganisations reported that the demand for domestics and farm boys exceeded the supply, and the Government wished to know whether the States regarded the present restricted migration system as irksome. To date only one formal reply had been received. FAVOURED BY PREMIER. BRISBANE, October 8. Advocating the resumption of boy migration under the control of the State Government in Parliament today, the Premier said "If our own boys are not willing to take up decent positions on the land it is the Government's duty to provide opportunities for those who will take them." Mr Moore said that the remarkably acute shortage of farm labour made the time ripe for the resumption of immi- gration and especially the work of the New Settlers' League, which had intro- duced young settlers of a fine type who had been at least 90 per cent success- ful. The Premier said that 95 per cent of these lads had been successful. He added that an expanding market for Australian products was essential to migration on a large scale. Queensland had the natural advantages necessary to maintain a large population in a high degree of comfort, provided the people were industrious. Many posi- tions were available for boys on the land in Queensland. If Australian boys would not take these positions and boys from other countries were willing to take them, what was wrong with letting them come? Mr Brand (Country Party, Isis). Es- pecially if they are of British stock. The Premier said he saw nothing wrong with any people of Nordic races being given an opportunity to assist in the development of Queensland. The Federal Government was willing to re- sume boy migration on a requisition by the State authorities. If the State Gov- ernment knew of 50 jobs available it should be able to make a requisition for 50 boys to be selected by the Agent General. BRITAIN PREPARED TO ASSIST. LONDON, October 10. IT is understood that in the event of the Commonwealth and the States reaching an agreement in connexic: with the resumption of migration, Britain will immediately introduce legislation to amend the Empire Settlement Act, arranging for the financing of assisted pas- sages on the basis of the Empire Settlement Board's recommenda- tions. It is hoped that, despite the session's heavy programme, legis- lation will be passed before the Imperial Conference, which then will have tangible schemes on which to deliberate. It is clear that Britain does not con- template any action which can be in- terpreted as initiative. Government quarters seem distinctly sensitive lest any move in London which might be regarded as an advocacy of the resump- tion of migration, should be resented by the Dominions. This "delicacy" governs the Domi- nions Office which is showing extra- ordinary reticence on this subject. The British Press has prominently displayed and cordially received migration news from Australia, but Government quart- ers are silent. The Government view will probably be found to be that the Federal Labour Party and some oi the State Govern- ments are by no means enthusiastic, particularly as it is believed here that the Labour Party is disinclined to face the fact that migration is vital to Aus- tralia's defence, but in view of the in- ternational situation, especially the un- rest among over-populated countries clamouring for outlets, the situation must be faced with the utmost bold- ness. British experts consider that the problem is dominated by defence and necessitates an immediate in- flow of population. Nevertheless, they repudiate any intention of foisting unemployed on the Domi- nions On the other hand, it is emphasised in connexion with schemes for indus- trial migration that Australia might have difficulty in securing sufficient technical labour from Britain owing to the increased local demand. Juvenile farm labour for Fairbridge Farm School, Western Australia, and boys and women domestics are all available immediately schemes are initiated, but it may be found that migrants in other categories are limited. LABOUR'S POLICY. SYDNEY, October 11. Not until the home market is first stimulated by the raising of the liv- ing standard and the mechanisation of industry is offset by a reduction of the hours of labour should the Federal Government pledge itself to any im- migration scheme is the announced policy of the Labour Council. Unemployment percentages compiled from returns by 56 per cent of the unions are given by the council as fol- lows: Wood, furniture 15.8; engineer- ing, metal 13.5; food, drink 16.5; cloth- ing, hats 8.9; other manufacturing 11.8; building, 14.5; mining, 26.7; transport. 13.0; miscellaneous, 12.6. In addition, says the council, the parlous position of our primary indus- tries mitigates against migrants under any rural scheme. DANES MAY REPLACE GROUP MIGRANTS. PERTH, October 11. The possibility of abandoned and other holdings in the group settlement area being taken over by Danish migrants is being closely considered by the Consul General for Denmark in Australia (Mr G. L. Hoest), who is now in Perth, after having toured for a week in the south-west, where be paid particular attention to the groups. If conditions for the establishment of Danes on group settlements could be made attractive enough, said Mr Hoest, he would report to his Government, which could then make further investi- gations to determine whether it could recommend Danish farmers and other Danes to come to Western Australia. The Danish Government was not interested in encouraging dairy farm- ers to leave Denmark, but it would certainly be interested in stimulating the migration of some of its unemployed and skilled workers to Western Aus- tralia. Unfortunately there did not appear to be openings for skilled work- ers and labourers in Australia at present, but dairy farmers might be interested in the conditions of settle- ment here. 