FARMERS TO FARMERS u22iii2Z2::::::-112::zzzz2i2;i2x:r.::i.rziztsxzizzzi:EcitixHTH-F f u,iJ;i/i.irTr;si:r£ixixnaxcbx£a:rxsu^i;m.iaj^JS3:txn:tr;':.: Answers to Correspondents DISTEMPER IN DOGS "Poor Dog" (Urana, N.S.W.) asks what distemper is and what is the proper treat ment. This correspondent mentions symptoms in a young dog and two cats. which he suspects is distemper. Distemper is caused by a filterable virus. It attacks both dogs and cats, is often very fatal, and much resembles influenza in human beings. From description given in* your letter your dog and the cat and kitten were all attacked with the com plaint. As regards treatment, the principal thing is nursing. The animals should be kept warm and well nourished, mainly on milk focds or white flesh such as cooked rabbit. As regards internal treatment, Quinine, aspirin, or A.P.C.'s can be used, un ?ss you care to obtain special distem per medicine manufactured by reputable veterinary firms for this disease. Benefit can be derived by vaccination, both as a preventive and, in the early stages, as sisting in recovery. Rudduck and Co. Pty. Ltd.. 556 Lonsdale street. Melbourne, can supply a special distemper medicine. SUGAR BEET TOPS J.R.C. (Sale. V.) wants to know how sugar beet tops are used for feeding live stock in America and how they compare in food value with lucerne. The method of handling beet tops on American ranches usually consists in pas turing the tops in the field. The value of sugar beet tops is appreciated in sugar beet growing areas where feeding of live stock is a prominent part of fanning opera tions. Where diversified farming is the rule, sugar beets form an important crop in the rotation system, and the handling of beet tops so as to obtain the maximum QUESTIONS ARE INVITED FROM READERS. Answers will be published as promptly as possible, but occasionally, where research is involved, some delay may be caused. Farmers are asked to help one another, and if they possess information asked for by writers to these columns to forward it addressed to the Yeoman Editor. Correspondence should be accompanied by the writer's name and address—not necessarily for publication. food value from this important by-pro duet is fully understood and practised. The beet tops, consisting of crown and leaves, contain an initial moisture con j tent of 75 to 90 per cent., and on the av ; trage there a:e about 3001b. of dry matter ; in the tops from a ton of beets. Experl j ments conducted by the Colorado Agricul | tural Experiment Station showed that an ; average acre of tops is equal in feed value Digging an eight-ton-to-lhe-acrc crop of Up-To-Date potatoes at the farm of Mr- J. A. Peny, Beech Forest (V.). to a ton of lucerne hay, and that a ton of | dried tops and a ton of lucerne hay are ! equal to two tons of lucerne hay fed alone in putting gains on steers during the J ! first six weeks of the fattening period. POTATO EEL-WORM j "Troubled" (Romsey. V.) says that he, j is more or less troubled with eel- worm ■ in his potato crops, and wants to know: j if there is any yray of eradicating the | disease. j I Serious injury to the potato crop may be largely avoided through the obvervance j of certain precautionary measures. In j . the first place, eel-worm Infested tubers I should never be used for seed purposes; plant only clean seed. Practise at least a three years or four years rotation on land known to be Infested with eel-worm. Use rotation crops that are resistant to them, and they may be largely extermi nated through starvation. Clean culti vation of these crops is necessary to the successful starving out of the eel-worm, as the weeds, if permitted to grow, might serve as host plants for the pest. In selecting seed for planting, the grower should see that It is tree from "blisters" or galls, which contain the females in the cystic form, rejecting all that are in the least suspicious, for, unless a potato is badly affected, the infection is not easily seen. "DRIVE" TREES "Landowner" (Burnie, T.) states that when reading an account of land clear ing in Queensland "drive" trees were men tioned as having greatly facilitated the work. "Can you inform me what drive trees are," he adds. When clearing thick scrub land a num ber of trees are cut half-way through, or a little more, and left standing. * Then the "drive" tree, which is usually a large one, is felled so as to strike its partially cut neighbour and snap it off. This one in turn strikes others, and, if favoured with a suitable wind, trees covering from one to several acres in extent may bSj brought down at once. Occasionally trees miss and have to be gone over again. i POTATOES UNDER IRRIGATION | "Blockholder" (Lee ton, N.S.W.) asks when potatoes should be planted in the spring, and how they should' be grown under irrigation in the northern districts. The spring crop should be planted so soon as the severe frosts are over, which is j usually from July to September. The land should be well worked, and if it be dry irrigate just before ploughing. Plough deeply when the land is dry enough, and plant immediately. Keep the ground well harrowed until the young plants are well up. One good irrigation (or at the most two) is ail that is required for spring crops. and these should be given before the young potatoes are any iize, as later watering will Induce a second growth, which spoils the tubers. The secret of potato-growing is good cultivation, combined with as little water *s is necessary to keep the plants in good growing condition. The potatoes should be planted in drills 3ft. apart, and when it is found necessary to irrigate fur rows may be drawn midway between the rows, and water allowed to run until the ground is well soaked. POTATO SEED SETS C.A.Y. (Meeniyan, V.) wants to know the smallest size a set can be cut to with out risk of reducing the yield of potatoes. This depends upon several factors of environment. The flrEt of these is the vigour of the seed parcel, the second is the moisture content of the soil in which the seed has been planted, and the third is the fertility standard of the soil. Seed of weak constitution will not stand as much cutting as seed which has been selected from a healthy, prolific crop. Extremes of moisture and dryness are certain causes of "misses" when small-cut sets are used. Therefore, unless the soil Is in a nice condition of moisture, either a whole or fair-sized set should be planted. If the fertility or physical con dition of the soil is good, the use of small-size sets is permissible. In no cir cumstances should tubers of less than 1J ounces be used as seed for a field crop: in fact, seed of not less than li ounces in weight should not be used if the soil and seed are not in the best condition. BARON OF BUCHLYVIE "Clyde" I York. W.A.) asks for particu lars regarding the sale of the Clydesdale sire Baron of Buchlyvie. The famous Clydesdale stallion, Baron of Buchlyvie, was bought by the late Mr. William Dunlop at a sale by public auc tion at Ayr (Scotland! in 1911 at the great price of £9.500. which was more than three times the previous record for a Clydesdale. Before that the animal had been the subject of protracted litigation. He had been purchased conjointly by Mr. Dunlop and Mr. James Kilpatrick as a two-year-old for £ 700, and subsequently a dispute arose as to ownership. The price paid for Baron Buchlyvie by Mr. Dunlop was typical of his determination to allow nothing to come between him and the achievement of his objects. SUGAR GUMS M. O'Brien (Jerilderie, N.S.W.l states that he has some sugar gums round his house which are badly infested with borerg. He has been informed that the mahogany gum is immune from attack by borers. As he intends planting more gums this year he wants to know whether this is correct or not. Also, are flowering gums subject to borers. No species of eucalypt is immune from attack by borers. The mahogany gum has a thicker bark than the sugar or flowering gums, hence it is more resistant. SHRIVELLED WHEAT FOR STOCK R.G. tHopetoun, V.) asks if small shrivelled wheat has the same food value for poultry and other stock as well-filled grain. Yes; provided the grain is sound and wholesome. That is, free from contami nation. EFFINGHAM DUKE (IMF.) "Fancier" (Ipswich. Q.) has written as follows:—"Can you supply be with any information regarding the Jersey bull Effingham Duke. Was he an Australian bred or Imported animal, and who wa., his breeder?" Effingham Duke (imp.) was bred in England by Mr. Cecil Howard, and was in tU? Lunnhilda stud of Lieut.-Colonw F. A. Wright at Ryde (N.S.W.), but whe ther he imported the bull or not, wo do not know. Effingham Duke was by Albanv ex Effingham Maid, by Brave Heart, and he is descended for several generations on his dam's side from stock registered in the English Jersey Herd Book, He was first and champion at the Norfolk (England; show in 1893, and second at Tunbridge Wells (England) the same year. At the Sydney Royal Show, he was champion in 1896\. 1899, and 1900, and was three times ch&J.pion; at Camden (N.S.W.). His -stocfc was good, and be was a successful sire TWIN IlEIFER ] "Dairyman" (Bfeaudesert, Q.) states that ; one of his best cows has dropped twin calves—a heifer and a bull. He has read i that twins of opposite sexes will not breed ! at maturity, and wants to know if this is | a fact. | There is no infallible rule regardhv the ] breeding powers of twin calves. Twin i heifers or twin bulls together are as sure to | be breeders as are calves thai are dropped alone. When a bull and a heifer are 1 calved together, though the bull is as cer 1 tain to be a breeder as are other bull ! calves, the heifer Is almost certain to be i a non-breeder. There are. however, a l number of cases of heifers twinned with I a bull that have bred, but the great ' majority are non-breeders. This makes [ it a doubtful proposition to keep a female i born co-twin with a male. FLUKE AND BLACK DISEASE THE chief veterinary surgeon of the New South Wales Department of Ag riculture has from time to time reminded ' graziers that acute fluke infestation in ) sheep may frequently result in compara j tiveiv sudden mortality, and for this iea j son may be mistaken for black disease Commenting on this matter, the dir:c j tor of Veterinary Research stated that I this season many livers submitted for examination revealed no lesions of black disease, though showing early heavy fluke infestation. To the naked eye some of them showed appearances suggestive of black disease, though under the micro scope this was not confirmed. Recently the persistence of black dis ease well into the winter has been re ported by district veterinary officers, and it is considered that many cases diagnosed in tiie field as black disease have really been acute fluke infestation. It has been pointed out that vaccination against black disease will not check losses against fluke. The efficacy of the vaccination agaiin black disease and the failure to realise that acute fluke infestation can cause mortality of a very similar nature arc likely to lead to the carrying out of anti fluke measures in an incomplete fashion. PLOUGHING UNDER GREEN CROPS The improvement of soil by means cl green manuring is one of the oldest agri cultural practices. It is the cheapest j method of increasing the organic content of the soil. Sandy soils are rendered more retentive of moisture, and heavy clay soils are rendered more friable. Green crops are frequently grown for manuring orchard lands, and many farmers utilise the weed growth for green manuring. It is important to plough green crops under before the spring, and the sooner this work is completed the better. As the spring approaches the green crop rapidly depletes the soil of moisture, and spring and summer crops may suffer accordingly The green crop has also taken a large amount of available plant foods from tlv soil while growing, and has loeked llieui up in organic forms which are not avail able to fresh crops until liberated by de composition. Fruit trees require these plant foods when they commence growth in the spring, therefore tlie green crop 'hould be ploughed under In sufficient time to enable the plant foods to be liberated in ample time for the new crop, nrecn manuring is a valuable preparation 101 potatoes and summer fodder crops, blll u is advisable to allow a period of at least four to six weeks for the green (TOp (o decompose before the succeeding crop is planted or sown. Weed growth 0I1 fallows should be ploughed under be fore the spring to prevent undue loss of ioil moisture. The best conditions for nitrification will be secured by conserving moisture and allowing ample time for the complex changes brought about by the nitrifying bacteria. Experiments have ^liown that one of. the most beneficial fffccis of fallowing is to promote nitri fication in the soil. advantages of silage During a good season is the right time 10 make preparation for drought. The easiest way of conserving fodder in large quantities is by means of silage. It is not only an insurance against droughts. It is indispensable to provide a continuous sup p)v of nutritious feed during the dry] periods experienced in a normal year. It i« excellent for supplementing innutritious winter pasture. Succulent foods are ne cessary for all classes of stock. The addi tion of succulent foods to dry summer 6r; autumn rations enables a larger amount | of digestible nutrients to be assimlliatcd 1 for the dry foods which supply the bulk | of the roughage. Surplus crops, many! weed growths, and surplus pasture grasses mav be preserved in their best and most .succulent condition in the form of silage. There is very little waste; -there is no risk of loss by Are. Silage' will not deteriorate in quality even if kept for many years, and it is secure from damage by insect pests, mice, and rats. Silage may be made and kept in satisfactory condition in overhead silos, underground pits, or in trendies excavated in the soil. VIABILITY OF SEED WHEAT With the heartening improvement in the wheat market many farmers who have seed w heat on hand might well consider the advi ability of holding it over for next vcar's seeding. The risk of holding seed wheat may be regarded principally from inscc, [jests and mice or rats. Of insect pests weevils are the most serious. Wheat stored in bulk may be more easily pro tected than that stored, in bags. A malt tank is excellent for storage. One or two nunc-es of carbon bisulphide placed in a shallow vessel on top of the grain in the tank will keep weevils away or destroy them if already present. Place the metal covering on the tank, and the wheat will be secure from all pests. Wheat will retain its viability for several years. Records of the Danish seed-testing sta tion. where the life of most agricultural seeds has been tested, show that at the end of the first year the germinating power of wheat is 92 per cent.; second year. 95 per cent.; third year, 87 per cent.; fourth year, 88 per cent.; fifth year, 74 per cent.; sixth year, 78 per cent.; seventh year. 24 per cent.; eighth year, 3 per cent.; ninth year. nil. In practice it is advisable not (o keep seed wheat after the second year. ! CALF CHOLERA The infectious form of dysentery is a germ disease which may be in the call when born, or contracted afterwards through the navel or the mouth The best means of combating the disease is prevention. All cow sheds and yards should be cleansed regularly and disin fected The navel of the calf should be disinieeted at birth, also the udder of the cow before the calf is allowed to suck For dysentery in new-born calves veterinarians recommend hypodermic ad ministration of polyvalent coli serum, which renders them immune from attacks American veterinary authorities claim that immunity can be obtained by the vac cination of cows in advanced pregnancy but European experiments in this direc tion have proved inoculation to be of no value when administered to cows, though effective enough with calves. For or dinary scours with older calves the first step is to give a dose of castor oil in milk To follow this, one or two drams of a mixture of one part salol to two parts <>f subnitrate of bismuth in water or milk two or three times a day, according to the "ge of t lie calf and the severity of the ft tavk. have been found to act speedily mid effectively. A little limewatcr in th. mill: is a valuable preventive. FAT LAMBS ON SILAGE N interesting experiment was recently carried out at Ro:cworthy Agricul tural College, in South Australia, wher. a diop of crossbred lambs was produced under xt inordinary conditions. Southdown rams were mated with Eng txii i (n osier ewes at a time when the lambs would be dropped in the late sum mer when there would b? practically nc mazing available. The ewes were tlier 'cd on silage made from a heavy growth -1 bun medic and self-sown and black nd maintained good condition anc A 'heir lambs, which sold at 25, <nd were favourably commenU "lion ijv buyers. No concentrate was given to the slice Jh- lodder of which was balanced by 11 nun nitrogenous content of the legumit oils Mlage TASMANIA'S POTATO AREAS pOTATO-GROWERS on the Nort, ' Will r-rvo.., t> ■- »— * West Coast of Tasmania, for intensi purposes the richest portion of the ixlai State, have good reason to be satisfii Dvvu jynovil I.V UC dilUMI tvttli the ont.conie of this year's oporatio ><> date The phenomenally dry sumnt "tat ushered in the period was dama to the prospects of all root croj ami « ,u iy .sown areas suffered according melding crops, with steadily impro ■mil early sown areas suffered according 1 ate yielding crops, with steadily impro '"v glowing conditions, more than tna "}' deficiency, however, and favor Jilil. T ilUWCVCI, ttliu IUYOI land ,.n["'kcting conditions on the mai '.ssisled the recovery to the exte ■" position is definitely bright, wl 1 piospeet of still further improvemc Venr advances. So picntiful w< the heaviest shipped for the maturing''potato vnr ]■: I 1, . . ; "V.wii-TfVQV VWflt JVWiW yfM half of the year liavc proved h.'iv, 'J1'1,1 'llc Quantities of potatoes 1,1)1 ted from North-West Coast ports hf*i ' I f "v"v uic nni 'W several seasons past, the ha tti' 657,071 sacks cxc.ccdl -'Pit.93i) sacks shipped during file fi •' ">! the 1935 season and the 606,f sent away during the same period bin.,. flpF,'Tr ff.ng'JcuH.ural progr ' accomplished in this part of Ti '"■"ua is further indicated by the fi 1,11 despite tho withering sunin iff,"!1.!!'., rxpei'ience dairying output tin,.',!1!1 ''ompleted by (lie lmif- year 11 n d to wns a record so far as oven figures were concerned, the mi of boxes or butter shipped tot all ,,fi contrasted with 44,792 boxes < ported during the previous season and i 34,107 boxes in the 1933-34 season. The prospect of extensive fat lamb develop ment on the coast's pastoral areas, indi cated by the addition of many thousands more head of sheep to those previously carried by graziers, is an added demon stration of increasing North-West Tas manian prosperity. j IMPROVED VARIETIES OF WHEAT THE early*settlers on the prairies of i Canada were unable to grow wheat successfully because they sowed the j known English varieties, which were un suitable for their climatic conditions. I Then the variety now known as Red Fife J was discovered accidentally, and laid the ] foundations of Canada's wealth. But Red Fife could be grown only in the southern part of the Prairie Provinces. By reason I erf the short growing season and the earlyJ frosts, it could not be grown in the north. I As a result of selection and plant-breed ing, new varieties were discovered that re quired less time for ripening, and could thus be harvested before the frost could i harm them. Marquis was the first great success, and there have been others no | less notable. As a result, the wheat belt : has been pushed northward for many ! miles, and areas that used to be con- : sidered perpetual waste lands are now covered with homesteads. Similarly, the wheat area of Australia has been ex tended by the breeding of new varieties highly resistant to drought. But other countries are also engaged in breeding j new varieties of wheat; some countries' among the'm that have hitherto been Im porters of wheat. Italy has made a re markable advance in wheatgrowing, due largely to the improvement of varieties. New varieties in Tunis and Algiers, it is | expected, will soon render France inde pendent of Canadian supplies; and by i wheatbreeding and the introduction of i new varieties Greece has increased her annual production'by 1J million quintals. While the wheat area of Canada is being j pushed northward, the European coun tries are also getting improved varieties I of wheat that will make them less de- I pendent on Canadian supplies. WEED CONTROL WITH LUCERNE MR. K. G. CARN, weeds officer of the I New South Wales Department of Agriculture directs attention to the value of lucerne as a weed controller. In the skeleton weed areas it was showing ability to establish itself, and to compete even in the heaviest infestations, while excellent demonstrations had recently been seen of lucerne dominating hoary cress, convol vulus Canadian thistle, and saffron | thistle. During recent years, he said, many dig- I tricts had become invaded by deep- rooted i perennial weeds that had infested some of our most fertile country. The underlying reason, he believed, was the system of one-crop farming, which, though proving profitable during the last few years in New South Wales, had left the fields open to weed infestations that were now causing alarm. Skeleton-' weed had caused extensive I losses in the wheat areas where cropping | was confined to cereals for hay or grain, and where stock were not seriously con-, sidered. The weed now threatened to in vade the tablelands where land was con tinually sown to small crops without a rotation of pasture. In the potato-grow ing district, such as Blayney and Tumut, growers must soon realise the necessity for rotating their crops with good pas tures if they were going to prevent skele ton weed from depreciating their land. Convolvulus or wild morning glory was another very persistent, deep-rooted peren nial weed which was causing trouble on cultivation land, and this could also be controlled by competing crops such as lucerne. St. John's Wort had made inroads into | many thousands of acres of cool, table land country, and, besides competing with | crops, was causing extern ive stock trouble. Most of this land was ideally suited for pasture improvement, and control would be encouraged by laying down of vigorous pasture species, followed by renovations and judicious grazing. Extensive experi ments would be commenced this season with a view to guiding farmers in the control of this weed, both by competing pastures and by the use of chemicals to check new and small outbreaks. CANADIAN FARM PESTS RANGED 'neatly in 3,000 drawers, | Canada has, in one of her agri cultural research laboratories in Ottawa, a collection of pests which no money can buy, states the Canadian Official News Bureau. Some are pinned; others are on microscopic slides: others again are pre served carefully in alcohol—hundreds of thousands of them, collected from all parts of Canada and under all manner of conditions after 17 years of labour. The work is still going on, and the col lection is increasing, for in their fight against insects and crop diseases the Canadian entomologists are nothing if not thorough, and every effort is made not only to find specimens of the pests, but also to study their life history and I to set it down in print for the benefit of farmers and field workers. The collec tion is one of the finest of its kind in the world, and is adding substantially to the science of pestology throughout the i world, reducing steadily the enormous i financial drain which agriculture as n I whole suffers every year through insects! and microbes. In Canada alone there are * more than 50,000 known species of in-1 sects native to the country, of which 3,000 i are classed as destructive. But, in addi-' tion to these, there are immigrants which have, unhappily, eome to stay, including the European corn-borer, the Hessian fly, j the European spruce sawfly, and the dreaded Colorado beetle. i SHEARING TIME PRECAUTIONS ! NEGLECT of the most simple prcrau- i lions at shearbig time may lead to j heavy mortality from such diseases as teta nus. malignant, oedema, &c..; and graziers | are reminded that the most thorough at-; tcntlon must be paid to hygiene if such in fections are to be avoided. i In n bulletin to shocpbreedcrs. Mr. L. H. i Beveridge. sheen and wool instructor of the ! New South Wales Department, of Agricul-, lure (West) recommends that before com- < mcncinp shearing the board should be thoroughly scoured with hot water and a j carbolic disinfectant in the proportion of I 1 in 100. The tally pens and branding race should also be sprayed with the mixture. Often the losses occur amongst the first sheep shorn, due probably to the dislodg mcnl of germs contained in the dust | shaken down by the vibration of the' innrhlnery. It is therefore sound practice to give the machinery a run before disin fecting the board. Tlie careless habit so olten noted of leav ing skins, shanks, lambs' tails. Ac., rotting tn the vicinity of a woolshcd greatly in crenfe.s the risk of infection, while If dead | wool has been restored in the shed the whole of the shed should be sprayed with disinfectant. | The inevitable cuts sustained by sheep i during shearing, if severe, call for attcn- ] tion, at least to the extent of swabbing with j an antiseptic. The swab should be clean— many old foul swabs that are so frequently | seen in use only increase, rather than les- j sen, the risk of infection. Very serious cute | Flock of merinoes at Bungaree (S.A.). should be sewn up with a strong needle and : thread. j Heavy losses sometimes result through inclement weather. Much may be done to ! minimise these by ensuring that sheep arej not unduly starved during shearing, andI by the spelling of paddocks handy to the shed so as to enable newly-shorn sheep to quickly fill themselves before the cold of night sets in. If fthe weather is un settled, at least the sheep shorn during the last run of the day should be shedded for the night. Sheep yards adjacent to the shed should also be cleaned up before shearing, and it should be borne in mind that the applica tion of a coat of hot coal tar will not only considerably increase the life of the yards. ? minimise risk of infection. Espc yrffols apply to pine timber. VALUE OF GRASSES NUMEROUS inquiries are received each j year by the Department of Agricul- 1 ture and Stock {Q.i from dairy farmers I and other stockraJsers regarding the reia- , tive values of different grasses and clovers ; for cream production and for fattening; stock. One inquirer might ask whether' Kikuyu grass is as nutritive as paspalum;i another query a report that some newly I discovered grass is as valuable a feed as! lucerne. To all who seek information of j this nature, three facts must be pointed out:— 1\. Chemical analysis gives some idea of feeding value, but the grazing ani- j mal is the final judge. 2\. Certain plants have a higher riutri- ! tive value than others. 1 3\. Stage of growth has a marked in-! fluence on nutritive value. ! With regard to the value of chemical ; analysis in comparing feeding values, it mast be emphasised that palaubility and digestibility are factors as important as the quantity of the different nutrients in each 1001b. of the pasture. Obviously, if a plant is distinctly unpalatable, and entirely neglected by stock as a conse quence. its feeding value is nil. Again, a particular plant might appear on its chemical analysis to have a high feeding value, yet actually be quite a poor fodder because of the indigestible nature of its chemical contents. Unfortunately, feed ing trials to determine the exact value of each of the better known pasture plants v.ould be expensive to conduct, and for the time being pa'.atability and chemical analyses ' the latter interpreted in a com mon-sense way) must form the basis of comparative tables. It Is quite well known that paspalum, Rhodes grass, Kikuyu grass, and lucerne, for example, are of much greater feeding value than spear-grasses, barbed-wire grasses, &c.; Feeding trials probably would reveal the former series to contain a higher proportion of digestible nutrients than the latter series, and chemical analyses certainly point that wayv Clovers and other recognised pasture 'legumes generally differ from grasses in possessing a higher proportion of proteins in rela tion to fats and carbohydrates, but are not necessarily of higher feeding value. Indeed, for all classes of stock, a mixed ration of grass and clover 'or other legume) is better balanced than a pure leguminous ration. In recent veurs much evidence has been collected to show that pasture in its young state is much superior to mature pasture. Short young pasture is well pro vided with proteins, fats, carbohydrates, and minerals all in a highly digestible form. With increasng age the protein and mineral contents fall, and indigestible fibre increases at the expense of the car bo hydrates. EXPORT OF SHEEP T> Y an amendment of the Customs ipro hibited exports) regulations, which was gazetted on July 30. permits will be required in future for the export of a.1 sheep from Australia. Hitherto the only embargo was on the export of stud sheep. The new regulation, it was explained officially on July 30, will enable the Department of Commerce to make certain that no stud sheep are included in any shipments of sheep for export. 