PRIARY PRODUCERS' UN®! Central Rivers District Council. Quarterly Meeting at Wingham. The quarterly meeting of the Ceii- , tral Rivers District Council or the P.P Union took place in the Memorial Town Hall, Wingham, on Wednesday last. August 26, 1936. The President, Mr. J. Mudfovl (Pampoolah) occupied the chair. DELEGATES PRESENT. The following delegates were in at tendance: Aldavilla: Mr. A. G. Ennis. Byabarra: Mr. Bert Suters. Central Hastings: Messrs. A. D. Suters, J. Bain, J. Graham and H. Bain. Comboytie: Messrs. G. W . Young and G. Smith. Euroka: Miessrs. A. Jeffery and F. E. Ward. Jones Island: Messrs. D. J. Clune. R. M. Cairns, H. C. Ruprecht, T. J. Laurie and G. Hayward. Jerseyville: Messrs. K. Duncan and N. Brett. Killabakli: Mr. W. H. Lattunore. Marlee: Messrs. W. Robinson and Alick Cameron. Nulla Creek: Mr. W. Schmidt. Pampoolah: Messrs. J. Mudford and Fernley. Pappinbarra: Messrs. W. H. Blythe and E. W. Trotter. Toorooka: Mr. A. Notley. Taree: Messrs. F. Redman, L. Ric.i- ardson and C. E. Drury. Upper Lansdowne: Messrs. J. Laughlin and C. Bennett. Upper Belmore: Mr. W. Hodgson. Bellangry: Mr. Percy Trotter. Wlicrrol Flat: Messrs. W. J. Wains- ley and M. Bell. Wingham: Messrs. E. L. R. Keech. A. Abbott, G. H. Smart, and A. Cam eron c Secretary) . Wallamba: Messrs. G. A. Pan, G. Parker and R. Milliken. Dondingalong: Mr. M. Butterfield. Bulga: Miessrs. R. R- Alley and F. W.Coleman. ,,, „ T The Mayor of Wingham (Aid. E. L R Keech), the General President o. the PPU. (Mr. M. P. Dunlop. M.L.C.). and Messrs. J. S. Williams (Taxation Department), and C. E. Ahrens (Agro- stologist) were also present. SYMPATHY. The President expressed regret at tlic illness of Mr. F. A. Fitzpatrick '"Wine- Ham chronicle") which precluded his attendance at the meeting. He com mented on Mr. Fitzpatrick's ability as a journalist, and the fullness and fair ness of reports. The latter was because Mr. Fitzpatrick was country minded. Mr. Fitzpatrick was also liberal minded . He held that they were both. The P.P.U. had done a lot for the country. WELCOME. The President then extended a wel come to all present. They were glad, he said, to have with them the General President of the P.P.U. (Mr. Dunlop). the Mayor of Wingham (Mr. Keech) and Mr. Ahrens. The Mayor of Wingham (Aid. Keech > assured all that they were welcome If they wished to write a letter or use the telephone the Municipal office were at. their disposal. He hoped they would carry obt pleasant recollections of then deliberations in Wingham. The President appropriately acknow ledged the welcome given by the Mayor. MR. DUNLOP'S ADDRESS. At this stage Mr. M. P. Dunlop ad dressed the gathering. (Mr. Dunlop said: "The decision of the Privy Council in regard to Section 92 of the Com monwealth Constitution settles for all time the question which for many years has exercised the minds of Govern ments and Courts hi Australia. "Despite this adverse decision, so, far as the dairying industry is con cerned there Is no need for alarm or j panic. "When the Federal Legislation was framed to supplement the State legis lation, making the present system o equalisation possible, we, who were responsible for the Introduction of the present system, always had hi muid the possibility of a decision such as has now been given, and we made our plans accordingly after consulting out legal advisers. The existing State legislation is in 110 way affected lb the decision of the Privy Council. This is clearly indicated by the action of the Minister for Agriculture in N.S.W. promulgating the quotas for consump tion within the State for the months of August and September. "Under the Dairy Products Act 111 each of the three main producing States, the Statutory Boards, operating under these Acts, will still function, and the Minister in each State, acting on their advice, as in the past, still lias power to declare the quota for con sumption within the boundaries of the respective States. In addition to this the Agreement made between the manufacturers of dairy products (that is, the factories both co-operative and proprietary), and the Commonwealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, Ltd.. still holds good, and is binding on both parties, subject to six months' notice of ter mination by either party. "That is the position to-day despite scare headings in a section of the Press and wild statements by irresponsible persons who probably have a motive for making such statements, and 1 re peat that there is no occasion to be unduly perturbed at present. "The existing system, which has operated smoothly since its hi May, 1934, has been administered . economically, at a cost of a=i- mately one penny per The system has been equitable both to the consumer and to the Pr0<Je and has been in (he i uteres s oiM -and in the interests of the btete The whole position has been |"evic calmly and dispassionately by mc leaders in the industry, who in Mel bourne 011 31st July, submitted their views in writing and orally to the Acting Minister for Commerce (Mr. Thorby), the Minister for the Interior (Mr. Paterson), and the Acting Attor ney-General (Senator Brennan). "The meeting was held in camera at the express wish of the Ministers, and at this stage I am unable to disclose what transpired — except to say that the recommendations which we sub mitted to the Government were unani mously endorsed by every section of the industry, a fact which each Minis ter in his reply commented upon fav orably. "Another point which was emphasised by us was the fact that in 1933, when we pressed the Federal and State Governments for the introduction of the legislation . now under review, we gave the definite assurance that if given tlie wide powers made possible by such legislation, there would be no exploi tation of any section of the community. "We have adhered strictly to the spirit and the letter of that under taking — a fact which Mr. Thorby men tioned very pointedly more than once during the conference. "I am confident that from the re marks of the Ministers, they recognise the national importance and value of the present system, and are anxious to preserve it. "If we should find difficulty in main taining the present position under our agreements, and new legislation be comes necessary, I am equally sure that the Government will have suffi cient confidence in those who have administered the present system during the last two years, to again entrust them with the control and management of their own affairs. This principle -s embodied in the recommendations sub mitted to the Government, and if suc cess follows our efforts there will be no Government control or interference. There may be an alteration in the methods adopted, but the result to the producer will be the same, which, in my opinion, is all that matters. "At this crisis in the history of the industry, no good purpose will be served in raking over the ashes of the dead past. It is admitted that in the past certain difficulties and anomalies have occurred— most of them were met and overcome — some of minor importance perhaps. remained as a source of irritation and annoyance. These should now be forgotten in the greater prob lem which we have to face. A problem of national importance in the solving of which individuals, groups, districts and even States should be entirely for gotten, and the problem faced and dealt with as an Australian problem. Dairying is now a great Australian primary industry, recognised as such by those in authority, and we will be sadly lacking in our duty if we alloc the narrow parochial view to interfere and bias our judgment In our deliber ations on the all-important matters now before us. "I conclude as I commenced, with the observation that there is no need for eveu the suggestion that the ex isting system has broken down, or will break down, and any manufacturer or factory which attempts to take ad vantage of the present temporary feel ing of uncertainty which has been deliberately fostered by those whose interests are opposed to ours, must be prepared to take the full responsi bility of any action on their part likely to interfere in any way with the con tinued smooth working of the system which has saved those engaged in the industry from financial disaster." Mr. J. McLaughlin said this would legalise the Paterson Scheme. Mr. Dunlop said it would do so and go further. It would eliminate tlie speculation. Under the Paterson Scheme with all its virtue, the specu lator waxed fat. Mr. Alley: Will the butter position be better all round? Mr. Dunlop said all depended 011 London. It was difficult to forecast the London position. He did not attempt to do so, because they could make so many mistakes. He had been informed by people, including proprietary men. that the present London price would hold for some time. Mr. Jeffery moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Dunlop. He said that after hear ing Mr. Dunlop's address they realised more than ever how much they owed to the Union. They should stick to gether, and be 100 per cent P.P.U. Mr. Trotter seconded the motion, and asked that there be included confidence in tlie administration of the P.P.U. Mr. Jeffery agreed. The motion was carried by acclama tion. Mr. Dunlop, in response, said that after the Privy Council decision was given he received three telegrams ask ing what was the .position. He replied to carry on. He discussed the matter with Mr. L. O. Martin, M.L.A., for some time. Mr. Martin asked if they would like him to attend a meeting. He replied that they would. Mr. Mar tin attended as Mr. Martin, not as Minister of Justice, and for two hours they had the benefit of his advice. Frankly, he was not satisfied with the position as regarded the Privy Council. He now thought they had the machinery to deal with the matter, 1 ADDRESS BY MR. WILLIAMS. Mr. J. S. Williams said that ad dresses from Officers of the Taxation Department were quite- an innovation and the Commissioner had found them most successful. ' Officers had been able to break down a feeling of dis trust on the part of the taxpayers Jim Commissioner had a warm spot 'r (its heart for the dairying industry for he knew what those engaged in il had to contend with. This was a good- will gesture, and not a foraging expe dition. At Ooff's Harbor he had adver tised that he would see people and they need not tell him who they were. Many saw him, and he answered questions without knowing who they were. The Department did not want to squeeze everything they could out of taxpay ers. The Commissioner was desirous of giving people the advantage of all the concessions they were entitled to. Tlie object of the visit was largely to explain the live-stock schedule, which was a problem' in itself. The visits brought the city to the country. In the city they had a number of inter viewing officers who were kept busy all day long. A lot was done by cor respondence. He would advise them to give a little more information than was asked for in the returns, say when they made a special sale. He had been ' asked should a farmer furnish a return ' when he made a loss. The reply was , definitely to do so. They were en- I titled to carry forward a loss for two I years. That applied to the Income Tax— not the Special Income Tax. which was equivalent to the Wages Tax. It was now necessary to keep records. He thought that was in the ihterest of both the Department anil the taxpayer. The Commissioner did not want them to keep an elaborate set of books. A note book would do. They should keep a record of receipts and expenditure of particular items, and it would be easier at the end of the year to make up the tax return. The Officer also spoke on the matter of factory returns. The gross receipts should be put in. One speaker had said the Industry could pay only 10s per week. They were entitled to put the amount in if it was paid in tlie carrying on of the business. They were entitled to put in for keep of children over 16 years of age, if they were wholly employed in the business and received no wages. But the maxi mum amount allowed was £1 per week. There were people who said: "I will take the risk, and not send in a re turn." They had a very efficient system of check. In a series of newspaper articles the Commissioner had given very valuable and sympathetic advice. He had been empowered to say that where a taxpayer got hi first and said lie had made a mistake, the Com missioner would not prosecute. But the Commissioner would probably charge an amount to cover interest on t-lie money lie had not had in the past. In the past there had not been uniformity in the Federal and State Tax forms j as to live-stock. He found that farm- j ers had adopted one set of values, and j the Commissioner had accepted these. It was mandatory really to have cost I price or market selling value. Which- | ever basis of valuation you have adopt- j ed in the past should be continued. : In the future they would be able to balance their figures. A farmer had I asked if he should put in values for j calves he had knocked in the head. : He said that should not be done. It . had been said that there would be a I batch of prosecutions after his visit | All lie was sending in now was a list of people who wanted extensions «-f time in which to send in their returns. Mr. Williams told Mr. Young that he thought it would be to the farmers' | advantage to put ill a uniform value for stock. There was give and take all along the line. If the Commissioner had any slogan it would be that the people who could least afford to bear it should not pay more than they wi re required to pay. Mr. Suters was informed thai all pur chases should be shown. Mr. Williams also dealt with the matter of depreciation. On power plant it was 5 per cent., and on other plant 10 per cent. Mr. Bennett said that receipts were demanded, say on freight. Mr. Williams said that receipts were not demanded. The farmer should just keep a record of the gross amounts and show them in the first page of tin? return. Mr. Williams told Mr. Blytlie that his advice was to always give gross figures, for there was an appropriate olace to show the deductions. Mr. Suters said that it was thought a bit unfair' that they were not allowed anything for boarding a child between 14 and 16 years of age. Mi-. Williams said that was a con cessional deduction, and £50 was al lowed for Income Tax purposes, but noi for Special Income Tax. Mr. Clune said a lot of farmers did not pav their children wages, but paid for clothes and gave them money when they went into town. Were they not entitled to put in an amount such as they would pay to a stranger? Mr. Williams said he thought that when a farmer paid money to his chil dren in that way. lie should keep a record of it. He thought that slioum j be allowed. He had not heard the | point raised before, and would tell the j Commissioner lie had given that ad- | vice. j Mr. Alley said thai where a son I worked for the good of the farm, and | tlie farmer put down £1 per week for j him, was he also entitled to put in tlie amount for clothes? Mr. Williams said lie thought the question was covered by tlie previous question. A vote of thanks was passed to Mv. Williams, on tiie motion of Mr. Blythe. seconded by Mr. Suters. ROAD DEDICATION. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, as follows: "With further reference to resolution . re- afflrmed at the last meeting of tlie ! Central Executive, having reference to the above mentioned matter. I now have pleasure in quoting letter from the Minister for Works and Local Gov ernment in reply to your alternate sug- 1 gestion: 'I refer to your letter of 4tn July, conveying a further resolution by 1 your Central Executive requesting that 1 the Local Government Act be amend- cd to permit of roads less than 66-ft. . width being dedicated in the Eastern 1 Division where they arp "ot through roads, and desire to state that I have i gone carefully into the matter, but regret that I cannot see my waj- to recommend that the Act be amcndc-i in the manner suggested.' " Mr. Jeffery moved that a deputation wait on the Minister during tlie next Executive meeting, in regard to the matter. He said he did not think the Government understood the matter. Mr. Schmidt seconded the motion. He did not think such roads should be 66-ft.. wide. The motion was carried. UNEMPLOYMENT RELIEF TAX. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, as follows: "Un employment Relief Tax. That as the Department are throwing the respon sibility on to Local Government bodies to find funds for the relief of unem ployment, they be asked to repeal the Unemployment Relief Tax.'" The Deputy Premier (Mr. M. F. Bruxneri wrote thus: "The purpose of llie Special Income and Wages Tax Act is to meet the financial emergency which has existed during recent years, by the imposition of Special Taxes, and it was designed to levy contribu tions from all sections of the com munity who were considered able to pay those taxes. During the last three years the rates of Lax have been .substantially reduced, and con cessions have been made, especially to taxpayers on the smaller incomes, the last reduction operating from the 18th January, 1936, when the rates on in comes under £5 per week were con siderably reduced as compared with the rates previously existing. Tlie policy of the Government, as enunci ated by the Premier in his last pol;ey speech is that as the financial position continues to improve, so will the Gov ernment continue to lift, tlie burden- that have been placed upon the people during the depression, and thereby give further efie-t. from time to time, to the policy of which tlie Government has already been able to afford a. great deal of relief." Mr. Blythe said that with the amend ment of the Act, the Councils would have to borrow money to carry on works for which they had already paid. The Councils had done as much to re lieve unemployment as the Govern ments had done. Witli more people in employment more wages would be paid. He contended that the tax was not be ing put out for the special purpose for which it was levied. Mr. McLaughlin said their trouble was the disposition of the tax. He did not think it will be wise to repeal tlie tax. He was surprised to hear an Exe cutive say, in the presence of a repre sentative of the Taxation Department above all people, that the dairying was one of the few industries in Australia whicli was on a staple basis. Something should be done to help the poor people who were working on a starvation basis. The fanners could not afford to pay- higher wages. Men were being paid 10s per week. He would be much hap pier if he had not to tell the truth. CONSTITUTION AND RULES, AND COLLECTION OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, drawing atten tion to resolutions carried at the last meeting of the Central Executive Coun cil, in regard to constitution and rules, and collection of subscriptions. — Re ceived. CLOSER SETTLEMENT. From the General Secretary. Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received from the Acting See retary. Prime Minister's Department. Canberra, in regard to urging the Federal Government to initiate a scheme which would induce suitable settlers to come to the Commonwealth — Received. STOCK MEDICINES. From tlie General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy ol letter received from (lie Minister for Agriculture, in reference to persons selling stock medicines. — Received. AGROSTOLOGISTS. From the General Secretary. Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing co'iy ol letter received from tlie Minister for Agriculture in reference to the valu able work carried out by the Agroslo- logists who are stationed at Lismore and Maitland.— Received. EXECUTIVE COUNCIL. From tlie General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, notifying the dates of the next session of the Cen tral Executive Council. — Received. SALES TAX ON LUBRICATING OILS. From the General Secretary. Prim ary Producers' Union, as follows: "I refer to the representations made 10 the Hon. the Minister for Trade and Customs for the exemption from Sales Tax of lubricating oils used for agri cultural purposes. You may be as sured that this matter will be con sidered by the Government in con nection with tlie forthcoming budge' proposals.— Regarded as satisfactory. VISIT OF TAXATION OFFICER. From the General Secretary. Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing schedule of dates and towns which an Officer form the Taxation Depart ment will visit to give information hi AfHim) inu/iflAii tMnffaae fWn AflR/int" ivgmu iai uuvauiuii utabvuipi wmwi will be at 'Wingham from 31st. August till the 2nd. September— Received . NON-RECEIPT OF 'TRIMARV PRODUCERS' NEWS." riuiit liivr vjciicini Dcuicwii, a. ary Producers' Union, in regard to let ter received from Mr. R. .1. Weber, cf | Tinonee, complaining of non-receipt of his copy' of "The Primary Producer." —Deferred to next meeting. MOTOR TRANSPORT ACT. From the General Srcretary. Prim ary Producers' Union, outlining regu lation 117, Motor Transport Act. which deals with the maximum length, etc., of loads conveyed on highways.— Re ceived. SWINE COMPENSATION FUND. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, furnishing the latest information with regard to llie financial position of the Swine Cqpi- | pensation Fund. Wingham condemns- j tlon was .61— Received. REDUCTION IN SWINE COMPENSATON TAX. From Hon. L. O. Martin, Minister of Justice, as follows: "With reference to your personal representations on be half of the Wingham Branch, of the Primary Producers' Union, urging that a reduction be made in the Swine Compensation Tax, I desire to inform you that this matter Is considered from time to time, but it is regretted that at the present time it is not possible to grant the request. You will remem ber that last year a Bill was passed by Parliament to reduce the tax from Is to 9d per head, this being the first reduction made since the Act came i into force in 1928. You will appreciate, 1 therefore, that the Government has not been unmindful of the pig owners in this connection. I might mention that the statement before me in respect of the half-year ended 31st December. 1935, indicates that the revenue received under the Fund during this period amounted to £9,193 19s 8d, whereas the amount paid in claims totalled £11,196 12s 6d. Whilst at tlie moment there is a credit balance in hand, the posi tion of the fund will not permit of any further reduction at the present time. Meanwhile, certain interests are press ing the matter in other ways, all of which will be beneficial. My own idea is that the State should be cut into districts, and if the farmers in one district by their industry and capa city free their district of swine disease, the tax should come down accordingly in that district. To do this a system of branding would become essential. Further, as T.B. is the expensive di sease, I think we ought to modify the payments made on condemns through T.B.. with a view to compelling people lo be more careful, and not to allow good farmers to be penalised by bad where results have followed 011 careful attention to disease, as in our own Bacon Factory." The President said that there was on the agenda paper a motion dealing with this matter. WORKERS' COMPENSATION. From the General Secretary. Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received from the Acting Pre mier in connection with Workers' Com pensation. The President said it was not saris factory, but they did not know what to do. Mr. Keech: Not till we gel National Insurance. The letter was received. WATER ACT. From Mr. Cecil Christian, Belliin- bopinni, Macleay River, attaching 1 letter from the General President ol the P.P.U. in reply to his communi cation requesting the assistance of the P.P.U . hi securing urgent amendments to the Water Act 1912. Mr. Dunlop said he had seen Mr. Spooner, who had agreed to bring in a Bill to cover all those matters. VARIOUS MATTERS. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers Union, as follows: (1) Conference of Empire Producers-, advising that Mr. Dunlop has been honored in that he has been made chairman of the Country Committee in connection with Australia's 150th Anniversary Celebrations. (2) Dairy Research Institute, advis ing that at the Factory Managers and Secretaries' Conference held recently a resolution was carried approving the principle of establishing a Dairy Re search Institute with which would be associated organisations in each State similar to tlie Hawkesbury Agricultural College, and provision would be made for a co-ordinating officer to conduct Dairy Research. (3) Agrostologists: The question of appointing additional agrostologists is now being considered by the Minister for Agriculture, but I am not in a po sition to report anything definite at the moment. (4) Swine Compensation: The Min ister for Agriculture has advised that it will not be possible to introduce legislation relating to fire-branding of pigs during this session, but same will be introduced as soon as possible. Fur ther that additional Veterinary Sur geons will be detailed to follow up con demnations at Bacon factories as soon as practicable.— Received. THE AGROSTOLOGIST. Mr. C. E. Ahrens, Agrostologist, said that part of the competition they had decided upon at tlie Wauchope meet ing was being carried on and he hoped lo finalise the judging at the Taree end next week. Farmers have told him they had not entered the competition ior the purpose of getting prize monev. but to get him on to the farm to give advice as to pasture. He desired to know if tliey wished to have a com petition next year, so that if they did so, he could get on with the organisation at once. He also desired to know if they wished the distribution of a cir cular setting out information about llie establishment of winter pastures. Mr. Blythe was informed that an open competition would not be so' sat isfactory from his point of view. The inclusion of old plots would not be fair to new ones. Mr. Trotter said he would like t.o see all plots put in. and additional points given for new plots. Mr. Ahrens suggested a competition .imiior in dm one held last vear. Mi-. Robinson moved that a compe tition similar to last year be held. Mr. Young seconded the motion, which was carried. In reply to a question. Mr. Ahrens said the circular would be included in the motion. Mi'. Ahrens said the number of en tries received last year. 64. was very satisfactory, seeing it was the first year. The Lower Hunter had 61 entries in the second year. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Ahrens, on the motion of Mr. Alley, seconded by Mr. Young. Mr. Dunlop congratulated Mr. Ahrens on the wonderful success, which bar! loliowed his efforts in the Lower Hun ter. He was a member of the Aus- | : ... Continued: on page 6. Primary Producers' Union. Central Riven District Council. Quarterly Meeting at 'Wingham- ConUnoeil from page 3. tralian Dairy Council and would recom mend that In future seed be distributed in such a way that gentlemen like Mr. Ahrens could have control over it. Lost year the Council had distributed sufficient seed and fertiliser for 7000 acres. The Secretary was empowered to pay the prizes as soon as he got the list of prize winners from Mr. Ahrens. SECRETARY'S REPORT. The Secretary (Mr. A. Cameron) pre sented the following report: Receipts: SUbcriptions £295 2s 6a. Balance April 30th, £230 5s 9d.— Total £525 8s 3d. Expenditure: Delegates Expenses £66 6s 6d, "Branch Expenses £2 0s 6d. Head Office £188, Secretary Travelling, etc £8 18s 6d, Printing and Advertising £3 7s 6d, Stamps £1 2s, insurance £3 2s, Allowance to Factories Secretaries SI 16s, Bank Charges 5/6, Balance, less unpresented cheques £244 9s 9d. Total £525 8s 3d. The report was adopted. DELEGATES' REPORT. Gentlemen — It is again my priv ilege to present a report of the conference of the Central Execu tive of your Union, held at the Board rooms in Bridge Street, on 24th and 25th June. The General President, Mr. M. P. Dunlop, in his Presidential ad dress, gave a clear explanation of various important matters connect ed with the Union, and such has al ready appeared in the "Primary Producer." Anglo - Danish Trade Agreement. Early hi the Conference it was learned that the Anglo - Danish trade agreement, which expired recently, had been renewed by the British Government; with, a provi sion that it may be terminated by , four months notice by either party. , This matter was earnestly discus- j sed by your Executive, and it was . . deemed advisable to cable Dr. Page j in London, and ask that Dominion j trading preference in Britain be ; effectively safeguarded. It has since ' been stated that the agreement was only renewed for four months. ! The action of your Union in this ! matter lias since been criticised by two Cabinet Ministers, both Fed eral and State respectively, who both appeared to console them selves with the idea that the An- glo-Danish agreement was going to rob Australia of nothing. It may not be out of place to remind i them that Australia lias recently j made big trading concessions to ' Britain, and we certainly expect J some favourable trade treatment . in return. | It is still fresh in our mind that the treaty iu its present form contracted for England to take from Denmark more butter than Denmark was able to send her ; but so soon as Australia made a reasonable increase in her yearly output the matter of restricting our amount of export was quickly hint ed at by the British Ministry. We quite appreciate the fact that Britain must trade with Denmark, in. order to market much of her own manufactured goods, &c.;, but it seems hard to follow the sugges tion of the Acting Minister for Commerce that the nation as a whole is richer thereby, when the trading balance is about £20,000,000 annually in favour of Denmark. As this is definitely a debit trade balance between the two countries. it must apparently be made good by Britain in hard cash. It ap pears that after making all aUow- ances for the trade between the two countries, that the British con sumer, as well as taking heavy sup plies of Danish dairy produce, has also to foot the bill for the large amount previously mentioned ; hence is only able to buy Austra lian butter at the ruinous prices ruling since the Anglo-Danish ag reement of 1931. ,We have a right to ask that in any new agreement provision will be made for a reasonable increase in our butter exports to London, and so allow a necessary yearly ex pansion of the dairy industry. Further than this, it seems a matter of sheer impossibility for Australian dairy farmers to, in any way, fall in with the suggestion of a duty on ail butter we export to England. Australia has recently made important trade and Customs concessions to British goods enter ing the Commonwealth, and we, at least, egpect that our Federal Ministers will in this instance show some interest in our primary indus tries, and bargain for the free entry of Australia's primary produces on the British market ; failing that, If a duty has to be paid on butter, then the Commonwealth should undertake to pay It,. as a national responsibility, and not saddle It on the dairy industry, which is not In a position to carry it. Empire Producers' Conference. . This matter appears to be taking definite shape. The idea has been approved of by the Australian Pri mary Producers' Association. It seems important that we should have <a conference in London of Emplr'e dairy producing interests prior to the Imperial Conference in 1937. There are vital interests, and ap parent misunderstanding on many dairy matters between England and Australia that will never be clearly understood until the producers themselves discuss them from THEIR point of view. Following the Empire producers' conference in London in 1937, it is likely that a further Empire pro ducers' conference will be held in Sydney in 1938, as part of the cele brations of Australia's 150th anni versary. These conferences should secure a better understanding, and do much to promote' co- operation be tween the dairy producers of both countries ; and advantage will be taken of the visit of Empire dele gates to take them through coun try districts and so allow them to make contact with our dairy farm ers and the industry as it actu ally is. "The Primary Producer." The balance sheet of our news paper to the 31st May shows a fur ther Improvement, and it appears that in the near future additional space in the journal is both neces sary and justifiable. Fire Insurance on Buildings. A lengthy and exhaustive report from The Australian Insurance and Banking Record made it very clear that the insurance companies cannot see any justice in the claim that they should pay the full am ount of the policy when a building is destroyed by fire. They contend that 'the owner has his remedy by steadily reducing the value of the building, and thereby securing a lower premium. I note they made no suggestion of how they meet a pas" of where improvements have niarip a building more valuable, or by what means they arrive at the depreciation of a building that nei ther they nor their agents may have seen for many years. Noxious Weeds, The Department of Agriculture could not see its way clear to agree to send out dried specimens of nox ious weeds, as it contends that in the process of drying the character of the weed alters, and renders identification very difficult. Workers' Compensation Increased Rates. Information secured on this mat ter undoubtedly showed that the cost of claims paid in recent years had increased at least 100 per cent The insurance companies claim that farmers are responsible for bolstering up the claims of their employees. To this statement we take exception, but there is cause for concern, and our Executive will interview the BM.A. and ask for more careful consideration of claims. Standardisation of Wearing Parts of Agricultural Implements and Machinery. This is an important matter, and at least some progress has been made. When finalised, It should do much to cheapen many replace ment parts of farm machinery. Roads Less than 66 feet Wide. It was agreed to re-submit the request that roads less than 66 ft. j wide be allowed to be dedicated in the Eastern division of the State . Co-operation in the Marketing of Export Butter with New Zealand. This question was again defer red until such time as some in- fnrmoffrin oon Ha .copiit-Ari a <c fn what line New Zealand adopts un der its new system. Up to the present, it seems a closely guard ed political secret, and no Inform ation of any value seems available. Bounty on Butter. This was also deferred until the verdict of the Privy Council In the James appeal case comes to hand. Inigo Jones' Weather Forecasts. This would cost our paper at least £26 per year, and it was de cided not to -subscribe to the in formation, but from time to time weather news of value to farmers will be printed. TJB. Infection in Cattle. Information was given that some cows made available by the Camden Park Estate, which re acted to the T.B. test, were slaugh tered, and did not show the slightest trace of the disease. It was agreed the Executive watch the matter very closely in the interests of the dairy farmers. Straying Stock. Amendments are being drafted to the "Cruelty to Animals Act," which will make it an offence to aban don animals. A copy of the am endments will be submitted to our Executive when completed. Branding of Bottles. Tlxis matter is still under consid eration, and should be finalised 1 shortly. j Butter Substitutes, | It was again agreed to ask the Federal Government to jilace an i Excise duty on. butter substitutes wherein imported fats and oils are incorporated ; such duty to be big enough to prevent their profit able sale at a price lower than that fixed from time to time for cholc- i est butter. In expressing my own opinion on this matter, it appears as if neither i our .Federal or State Government I has any intention of introducing any legislation that will in any way I interfere with the free manufac- ture and distribution of this un necessary article. The Federal Government says it j is a responsibility for the State Government to deal with, and ap parently the only indication we have of any likely action by the State Government is that the man ufacturers may be compelled to market it in either a white or saf fron colour. When we realise that the whole manufacture of butter substitutes is now confined to Sydney, and that during the last year another com pany has been formed, and en tered into business, it looks as if manufacturers have some as surance that not much will be done to inconvenience them in any way. Dairy farmers may easily wonder why ! And then, perhaps, draw their own conclusions. District Representation Central Executive. Proposals from Tweed and Rich mond District Councils were sub mitted for a change to the following basis: — 500 members or part thereof one delegate ; 501 to 1500 members two delegates. and one additional delegate for each additional 1000 members. There were replies from 10 other District Councils opposing any al teration in the rule re representa tion on the Central Executive. Needless to say, the suggested al teration from Richmond and Tweed was well beaten. The Executive officers recommended that no ad ditional delegates be appointed, but that extra votes be given, as follows: — 500 members or part thereof 1 vote 501 to 1500 members 2 votes. 1501 to 2500 members 3 votes. 2501 to 3500 members 4 votes. This was hardly practicable in some instances, and was also de feated. Then came the knock-out, when a delegate from Richmond calmly moved — "That Twed, Richmond and Illawarra District Councils be allowed to continue their addi tional representatives for the re maining sessions of fbis year. This was carried, despite the fact that 10 District Councils had expressed themselves as opposed to any alter ation of the representation. Your Delegates adhered to the decision of our District Council, and spoke and voted against any alteration. A certain elasticity seems to have crept into this Dis trict Council representation that, in my opinion, is ridiculous ; and, as I have previously remarked, it is at times hard to account for the vote at times recorded by some delegates. The Various Remits from Our Dis trict Council were as follows : — Displaying Copy of Roll of Elec tors for Election of Australian Dairy Produce Board.— Carried. Provision of A Vote for Share Farmers in future elections in con nection with dairy legislation, &c.; —Carried. Compulsory Identification Mark on All Pigs submitted for slaughter. —Carried. Printing Contents of Stock Mix tures on containers. — Carried. Meat Inspection of all meat slau- rrH fnvori fnr OArtcnmnfinn In /ton frtr guwtvu avr vwiauutpvivii iu wuuuj centres. — Lost. Permits for Drawing 40ft. Poles on roads. It was decided to pro test against this, but the General Secretary was instructed to first oo- tain further information. Liability for Accidents by Shire Councils after notification. — Lost ; but already provided for in the Act. Repeal of Unemployment Relief Tax. — Carried. Immigration of Suitable Immi grants, with the object of further ing the policy of closer settle ment and decentralisation. — Car ried. Simplifying Farm Census Re turns. — Carried. Many other matters of import ance were dealt with, but space will not permit of reference to same. Indeed, it is astonishing the am ount of business transacted at the Conference in its two days' sitting. Privy Council Appeal. — Since writing the above report I note that the Privy Council has given its decision In the Dried Fruits' case legislation — James v Common wealth. As the verdict Is in fav our of James, this decision wffi also affect similar legislation in connec tion with the dairy Industry, and may cause some marketing disor- ! ganlsation in the coming season. It now means another job for our Union to undertake and overcome, and, assuredly, It will. The scheme was, undoubtedly, a great help to the dairy Industry during recent years. Much experi ence lias bqen gained during its op erations, and I feel that we need not be down-hearted at its discon- ' tinuance, as from the wreck, maybe, something even better will arise. However, both the scheme and those responsible for organising it have at times been subject to much , criticism, so now is an opportunity j for those know-alls and self-styled friends of the dairy farmers to come out and tell us all just what should be done to save the dairy industry. If the farmers choose to stand loyally together, the matter is in their hands, and there would be no need for them to approach any Government, or be at the mercy of any selling agents. In the words of our late President, Mr. C. J. Mc- Rae : "To the organised producer all things are possible." Comment from Melbourne seems to suggest that the Federal Gov ernment may take a referendum regarding section 92 of the Con stitution. Others suggest resur recting the Paterson Plan ; but I do not think either of these sug gestions will come to light, as it is unlikely that a referendum on this matter alone would be carried ; and the Paterson Plan is not likely to function again as a volun tary measure. — W. H. BLYTHE. Mr. Blythe said they had not heard anything further since last meeting as regarded butter substitutes. The mat ter seemed to be lagging. It may be only his own opinion but none of the Governments seemed to be giving them the justice they desired. More com panies were forming, and those who were doing so were not in the "mug" class. Apparently the latter had some- little assurance. They should marshal their forces. Mr. Bennett suggested that a wire be sent to the Premiers who were meeting in Adelaide (hat day. I Mr. Dunlop said that in 1931 or 1932 the N.S.W. Government passed a Bill concerning butter fat, but the regula tion had to be withdrawn because it was ultra vires of the Constitution. , Mr. Bennett moved that a telegram be sent to Dr. Page at Adelaide. Mr. Smith seconded, and Mr. Mc Laughlin supported the motion, which was carried. Mr. Blythe told a delegate that both Mr. Cameron and he voted against Dis- ' trict Councils being given additional representation on the Central Execu- I tive. Mr. Cameron got a shock when j he found though ten District Councils I were instructed to vote against the 1 giving of additional representation, it was carried. J Mr. Bennett also asked why a motion as regarded inspection of country kill- ing was turned down, j Mr. Dunlop said that one of the ! reasons was cost. I The telegram read as follows: "Dr. ' Earle Page, Premiers Conference, Ade- ' laide: Central Rivers District Council I Primary Producers' Union, consisting j of 48 delegates representing 4000 dairy ' farmers in these districts, strongly protest against delay effective steps to protect industry against competition butter substitutes, and urges immedi ate action at present Premiers' Con ference." BUSINESS PAPER. Mr. Keech for Wingham Branch, moved: "That this District Council express its confidence in t.he General Presi dent and the Executive Officers to deal with the position arising out ot the Privy Council's decision in regard to Clause 92." Mr. Young seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Alley for Bulga Branch, moved: "That the Bulga Lands be forth with opened up for Selection." In moving the motion, Mr. Alley said: "Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,—1 Tiie motion. I have to move is: 'That Bulga lands be forthwith opened for selection.' "There are two particular reasons I am going to advance to-day to prove that this land should be thrown open to the settler. The first is that when the laud was first opened as Home- stead Farms m 1912, a promise was made that as a demand arose, so would the land the made available. Some of the first settlers were induced by that promise to throw up good work and settle on the land, in the belief that a settlement of some extent was in process of formation, but shortly after the first few settlers, induced by a Government promise, had made a good start to clear their land, the balance was closed up and declared a State Forest. Even if later Governments, who, by the forgetfulness induced by the effluxion of time, deny that a promise was made, the implied promise is written all over the face of the Bulga even to this day. One lias only to draw attention to the roads made and now grown over, and the roads marked but not constructed. The im plication is only too plain to those who trusted in the continuity of a vital Government promise, but after years of hoping have learnt by bitter experi ence that small voting power is no help against Party Self Interest or Party Indifference. Now, not to take up your time, let me move to the second reason. I contend that the Bulga lands are much more valuable as Dairy Farms than as a State Forest, unless that land is capable of, or suitable for, afforestation. I am not blind to the needs of Forestry. I' had a conver sation with the Chief commissioner for Forests, and he informed me, after inspecting portion of Bulga State For est, that he was veiy doubtful if it was suitable for re-afforestatlon. ft is an undisputed fact that the young timber growing up has a black hearl In the case of Gum and Blackbutt. I myself heard a prominent miller make a statement to that effect to both the Minister for Forests and to Mr. Swain. Tallow-wood does not propagate Itself to any extent after being cut out, and takes something like 100 to 150 years , , to come to full maturity. In answer to a question as to what amount had been received from Bulga State Forest, we were officially informed that during the last eleven years the amount re ceived was £2,020— also the answer stated that a considerable 'amount of log timber bad been purchased by one mill (not named). That log timber, I presume, refers to timber purchased from the settlers. If we put the aver age amount received by each settler as £50— and allowing forty settlers to have benefited in this way— £2,000— actually the number of settlers selling timber would probably be much less. That brings the possible amount to be received by way of revenue as £4020. There are about 55 blocks settled, the average annual rental being from £7 to £12 per annum. I take the Iower figure— 55 blocks at £7 per year, £385; )1 years at £385, £4235. If the 40 remaining blocks were thrown open: 40 blocks at £7— £3080; for 11 years' rent for the 95 blocks, £7315. Rate the blocks at say £2 per block or farm for U years, and' we get £2090. Added to the rent we get a total of £9405. I have not included unemployment tax or Income tax, the former being paid by quite a number, and the latter by a few of the farmers. This gives a total of £4020 in royalties for the period under survey; only £2020 actually to revenue, compared with £9405 iu rents and rates from farmers. These figures— and I have tried to err in favor of For estry when I did not give exact fig- ures— show for Forestry £4020, against Rents and Rates from Farmers, £9405. THatsp nro fcHrpn -mills nnproHriff An t.ho Bulga at present, and one burnt out a few years ago. The revenue thus from the farmers during eleven years would be greater by £5385, than from the State Forest. Now let me explain the extent to which the timber (I refer to hardwood) is taken from the blocks, as stated to me by the Minister for Forests. First the mill men enter, and take what) is useful to them. Then the sleeper cutter follows, and finishes off, using only tallow-wood. Now, on the Bulga the only timber of any use for fencing purposes is tallow-wood, and any block cleared up in this way, if eventually thrown open for selection, I would hesitate to advise any of my sons to select, as under modern con ditions of dairying an enormous amount of fencing material is required, and where is it to be had? Now Mr. Chair man, returning for a moment to my first reason. The whole of the land was laid out for a settlement, was sur veyed into living areas, a cemetery site marked out, good roads made at enormous cost per mile, bridges built, town blocks sold, schools built. Even if they deny the actual word for word promise, what I have pointed out con stitutes an implied promise. Our sons and daughters had no opportunity of learning any trade but farming, and I stand here to-day, and deliberately (on behalf of Bulga Farmers) charge every Government that succeeded the McGowan Government with a breach of faith, and with not heeding our just protests simply and solely because our voting power was too small to be effec tive. Now Mr. Chairman and Gentle men, the arguments I have put forward are not one-tenth of what can be used to prove our case, but are, I believe you will concede, nevertheless over whelmingly in our favor. I recognise your time is valuable, and I will con clude by pointing out that in the case of Bulga lands, re-afforestation is ad mittedly out of the question, and the value of the surface timber is not half the revenue the farmers pay, and the principal hardwood should never be removed, as it is indispensable to the settler for fencing and building ma terial. I move the motion, Mr. Chair- man, and ask that our delegates make every effort to interest the Executive in this matter. I thank you." Mr. Coleman seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Robinson, for Marlee Branch, moved: "That all Suitably Lands uii the Bulga be surveyed, and set apart tor Closer Settlement lo enable sons of farmers to procure holdings instead of migrating to the over populated cities." Mr. Alley said the blocks were al ready surveyed. The motion was carried. Mr. Parker, for Wallamba Branch. moved: "That the Federal Government lie requested to continue the Fertiliser Subsidy to Farmers 011 the same basis as last year." Mr. Paff seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Young, for Comboyne Branch, moved: "That the Government lie asked if experiments have been made in eradi cating Bracken Fern, amf if so, the results. If 110 experiments have been made, they be requested to make them, (lie same us has been done with Prickly Pear." Mr. Smith seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. McLaughlin, for Upper Lans- dowue Branch, moved: "That this Conference regards re- cent N.Z. legislation as being of such outstanding importance that we should be equipped' at an early date, with the best available knowledge of Us effect on the farming communities, and to tliat end a deputation from llio P.P. Union should be despatched to investigate the report thereon." He said that the N.Z. Government was a farmers' Government. The Govern ment had to make its peace with the farmers, or it would nob get back Into office. He was pleased to see the action offi31r Frederick Stewart, who was sur rounding himself with politicians who were attending classes .in economics at the University. He favored the idea of a delegation being sent to New Zealand. Mr. Bennett seconded the motion, strongly favoring a delegation. Mr. Jeffery said he Uiought it was too early to send a delegation to New Zealand." All that was wanted, was to keep in touch with New Zealand. Mr. Dunlop said he had spent four days with a party of 38 New Zelanders. The latter did not know any more . than they did at present. The Execu- tive was keeping in touch with New Zealand matters. 1 The motion was lost. I Mr. Cameron,- for Wingham Branch, I moved: I "That tiie Swino Diseases Act lie I amended to only include those d:s- 1 cases that, can lie eradicated — viz, ; Swiiie Fever, Tuberculosis and An thrax." | Mr. Cameron said the surplus was diminishing on the reduced contribu tion of 9d. If it was going to eradicate all disease it was a good thing to have. There were eleven diseases they paid for. The Stock Inspector for Glou cester told him there were only three of those diseases which could be eradi cated. If they had to pay for only those diseases they could eradicate, they could carry on with a lesser con tribution. Mr. Keech seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Robinson, for Marlee Branch, moved: "Thai the Local Government Act he amended to nllow ratepayers who are unable to pay their rates, to put specified material 011 the side ot Council's Roads." Mr. Cameron (Marlee) seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Schmidt, for Nulla Creek Brandt, moved: "That the l'.P. Union strongly sup port tiie Newnes Development Ad- vuncemeni League in its efforts to developi what is known as the Newnes Shale Deposit in the Extrac tion of Oil and Petrol — also to en courage the extraction of same from coal as under the Fischer process." Mr. Parker seconded the motion. Which was carried. Mr. McLaughlin, for Upper Lans- downe Branch, moved: "That iu consideration of certain tendencies in the Fertiliser (Super phosphate) Trade, we should request Head Office to endeavor to develop a plan by joint action by the Fanners Co-op. Societies."— Carried. Mr. Coleman, for Bulga Branch, moved: "That Alsatian Do;s bv completely banned in the State ot N.S.W." Mr. Alley seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Blythe, for Upper Pappinbarra Branch, moved: "That an Officer be appointed for the examination of all dairy herds i:i each district, for testing cows ana analysing milk, with, a view of obtain ing a better quality product." Mr. Alley seconded tiie motion. Mr. Clune explained an outfit by which it could be determined when a cow was giving bad milk. The outfit cost about 30s. The motion was carried. Mr. Trotter, for, Bellangry Branch, moved: "That we ask the Department oi Agriculture to consider, when making further additions to the field staff of the Dairy Branch, the appointing of veterinary surgeons, until such staff is approximately half veterinary sur geons." — Carried. Mr. Trotter, for Bellangry Branch, moved: "That we ask the Department of Agriculture to institute crop and pas ture trials, with the object of improving soil fertility rather than forcing crops without regard to soil depletion." Mr. Blythe seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Trotter, for Bellangry Branch, moved: "That the Editor of 'The Primary Producer' be asked to urge advertisers to auote nrices of products where pos- sible." Mr. Alley seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. J. Bain, for Central Hastings Branch, moved : "That the Department of Agricul ture be asked to have the present plan and specifications of dairy and balls modified, as at the present time a. let of dairymen are unable to finance a building up to that standard." Mr. H. Bain seconded tiie motion. which was carried. Mr. Graham, for Central Hastings Branch, moved: "That the Railway Commissioners be asked to run week-end excursion trains to Kempsey or Taree for three months during the summer." | Mr. Suters seconded the motion, which was supported by Mr. Alley, and carried. | Mr. Suters, for Central Hastings Branch, moved: "That in the opinion of this District I Council, Dairy Factory Managers and 1 Secretaries should1 discuss matters only | in -which they are interested, and that matters of the' P.P. Union should go I through the proper channels lo the I Central Executive." He said that, per- 1 sonally, he took exception to things I referred to at the last conference of the Factory Managers and Secretaries' Association. One of these was that of starting refreshment rooms in Brit ain to advertise Australian butter.. He understood it came up at a meetipc > of the Board of Directors of the Low; Manning Factory . That was a P . P . U . matter. He presumed the P. P. U. would have to finance it. It was decided, he understood, to circularise all Factory Managers and Secretaries in the State. Mr. Clune attended every meeting, and the matter should have gone through the P.P.U. Another matter was that of research. Mr. J. Bain seconded the motion. Mr. Clune said that with all due respect to the P.P.U., the Association was one of the largest in the State, and was very representative cf the whole of the State. The conference WAS no W hpinp- marin o nlnrn in chnur machinery. As far as the L-jwer Man ning Factory was concerned, it was asked by people outside the Board to send the matter to the Factory Man agers and Secretaries' Association. It had there been decided to send the matter on to the Australian Dairy Council. They were not getting all the results from advertising 011 the other side that they wished. I11 re freshment rooms New Zealand butter was given with a cup of tea. The way to make Australian butter known was to have it in refreshment rooms. Aus tralian butter lost its identity in Eng land. The motion was put in to assise Mr. Hyland. Publicity Officer in Brit ain. it was no disrespect to the P.P.U. that the matter was not brought up through it. The more people who took up a matter the better. Mr. Bennett said he favored the way tiie matter went. Mr. M. P. Trotter said he did not think that Mr. Clune went away from his job at all. Mr. McLaughlin said if the matter could assist Mr. Hyland, all the better. Buyers did not decide the price, it. all depended on the price of margarine overseas. Mr. Blythe spoke largely in favor of the motion. Mr. Alley said he did not care where the boost came from. Tliey should return thanks. Mr. Robinson agreed with Mi-. Alley, Mi-. Clune said the Factory Direc tors had asked for permission to put the motion on, so that it could be dis cussed by Directors present. There were about 60 or 70 Directors. He knew there were five from his Factory. Mr. F. Redman said tliey should encourage such efforts, no matter where they came from. Mr. Suters, in the course of a vig orous reply, said that the last Man agers and Secretaries' Conference be came a second Executive! The motion was lost. Mr. Geo, Smith, for Comboync Branch, moved: "That this Council urges the com pletion of the Eilenborough Road."— Carried. Several motions were held over ow ing to the lateness of the hour. NEXT MEETING. It was decided to hold the next meet ing at Wauchope. 