Globe Trotter at Mackay CYCUNG TOUR OF .WORLD. ERIC MALPAS'S' EN.TERPRISE. A plctureique flgtfi-d in Mackay 'streets' 'during 'the 'week^ehtf'wJls Eric Malpas, a youthful Australian, who left Melbourne In 1931 on .a cycling tour of the wdrld. Follow ing theprocedure he adopted at the outset of the tour; Malpas sang in the' streets or Mackay,- relying upon . the generosity of the publio to help him through the various stages of his Journey. Malpas arrived at Mackay by goods train early on Saturday morning from Carmila, where he had- the misfortune to break the- front axle of his bicycle. Ho spoke of the condition of the road between Rockhampton arid Mackay. in- anything but favorable terms, explainr ing that a road had to be very bad to break the front axle of a push bicycle. He is a fine type of young' man, and the benefits of his outdoor life are reflected in the ' bronzed countenance, burnt with the suns of many countries, and his obviously good health. His credentials are of the ? highest; while his., book 'of Press clippings ? features most of the large journals of theUnited States of America, as 'well as many of the more Important newspapers of Europe. All sections of the Australian Press, too, hold a prominent position in his book; Few men-have such a fine collection of personal experiences in various parts, arid many of these con cern notabilities of the world. Malpas has a two-fold purpose in his adventurous activity. ? He wants to use his experience as a stepping stone to the moving pictures and also to write an informative book on his impressions of different countries. Only an exceptionally fine spirit of adventure could Impel a man to carry out such a task, and a single glance at this sturdy Australian, sun bronzed and picturesque, is enough- to convince one that Malpas, who has been aptly named ''the cycling troubador,' has this spirit developed to a high degree. ?His pleasing voice was heard In, the streets of Mackay during the week-end, when he attracted ?' large numbers of residents of the city and district. '*He explained to a 'Mercury' representative that streetisinging' Is his 'method of earning a living; and although if is1 by n.p.,means a lucrative calling,' It Is en joyable, and it. enables him to pay his expenses as he- goes from place to place. It is his intention to remain at. Mackay until to-morrow, . when*; he will leave for Bowen, en route to Dar win, ( Malpas relates that his adventures began almost immediately: he left Mel bourne for the first time. On the way to Darwin from Alice' Springs he was lost in the desert. For 53 hours he was' without water, and was forced to cat a lizard ? to . get ? moisture. When found he had strapped himself by the- ankle to his bicycle so that . he would not wander, it was Mr. George Gahan, Commonwealth Railways Com missioner, who discovered him. As he passed farther afield he be came more and more embroiled with the rigorous immigration laws ? of foreign countries. The only way, for example, he could cross the German Danish border was to persuade a Ger man to pass him off as his son. Even then the plan was not successful. ? A German official accosted him;- and- de termining his identity saw that he was escorted back to a German prison in chains. It was in Berlin that Malpas accepted a wager, from an Englishman that he could not get close enough to Adolf Hitler to shake hands with him. He waited in the Wilhelmstrasse, and when Hitler left his car 'the wanderer asked him for a handshake. The Fuhrer smilingly acquiesced and had hardly turned aside when the flat of the sword of a Storm Trooper came clump across the side of Malpas's head. He met Dr. Goebbels in Berlin, too, and complained to him that the Ger man Press was not treating him well. The result was an interview with the reporter of the official Nazi organ and permission to sing in Berlin without a permit. 1 One of Malpas's most Interesting ex periences was an interview with the aged John D. Rockefeller, at Ormond Beach, the latter's winter home in Florida. It took the wanderer two days to- arrange the Interview, but when he finally became visible Mr. Rockefeller offered the young man some very salutary advice, 'Remember, my boy,' he said, 'that money is not everything. Do you eat well? I can't— I haven't had a good meal for years.' 