CRITICISED ANGLO-DANISH AGREE MENT Pioneer Dairy Co. Election CHANGE IN METHOD ADVOCATED WOODFORD DALE P.P.U. The monthly meeting of the Woodford Dale P.P.U. was held in the hall on Thursday night. The president (Mr. G. Archer) was in the chair. In the absence of the secretary (Mr H. Clark), Mr. G. M. Kirby was appointed secre tary to the meeting. It was decided that , a letter of sym pathy be written to Mr. McFarlane in the serious illness of his wife. CATTLE COMPENSATION. A communication was received from Primary Producers' Union head office, giving a precis of the Cattle Compensa tion Act in operation in Victoria. Mr. N. Waugh said if the scheme was introduced into New South Wales it would, have to come under the Gov ernment. Fat cattle were taken to the yards and sold and were cut down, al- inougn mey iooKea penecuy souna. Even a veterinary surgeon could not tell which ones were imperfect. All milking cows which supplied milk for sale in towns should be tested regularly each year for tuberculosis. The chairman said the object of the scheme was to provide funds to com pensate for any beasts cut down and to raise funds for this purpose Id in the £ on the sale of all cattle was paid into a fund. The Farmers and Graziers' Association had decided to oppose such a scheme, but for what reason he dio not know. He was in favor of it as £ safeguard. If people knew they were going to get compensation it would im prove, the price. When it was men tioned at the District Council some oi the cattlemen opposed it, b.ut it was passed and sent to the Central Execu tive,. where it was thrown out. Mr. N. Waugh said that, in sending cattle to Flemington, one had to pa> into a fund. If one sent a beast down there he was paid full price and i one sent a suspect one was paid suspect price. Mr. Kirby then dealt with a communi cation he had received from the de partment giving details of the measures taken in New South Wales to cope with the curse of tuberculosis in cattle and pointed out that there were four dis tricts which were absolutely free, and were subjected to frequent tests. The chairman quoted a case where a dairyman had destroyed several cow? he suspected only to find that they were Clean. If there was a scheme to pay for the suspects the dairyman would be glad to get rid of them. Mr. Kirby said in Victoria the scheme had lost £21,000 and the department llOT'O FlOrT Mftt QMAIIrth ' J.AWM AAV W V.liVUgU 1I1V7J.1CJ lu y&J; t second inspector for the river, so there was no hope of them backing the scheme. If they could get a veterinary surgeon in the district he could be puii. by a small levy. Mr. C. Bancroft suggested a levy o: the sale of cattle to pay a veterinary surgeon in the district. Farmers v/ouic- be compensated for what they had to pay by having clean herds. On the motion of Mr. Kirby, second ed by Mr. Bancroft, it was decided that a committee be formed consisting or Messrs. Bancroft, Heppell and Kirb.v to go into the matter and place a scheme before the next meeting. ANGLO-DANISH AGREEMENT - CRITICISED. Mr. Kirby stated that a new agree ment had been entered into between England and Denmark. They had been told by Dr. Page and others to trade within the Empire and England set them this example. England was pur chasing products from Denmark to the extent of 130 million pounds. If this money was brought to New Zealand and Australia it would mean that more immigrants could be brought out and | it would help the farmer to get a liv ing wage. The trade arrangement was only to suit some financiers who were interested in selling machinery to Denr mark. He thought the branch should stand behind the executive in Sydney who had already protested against it. ana applaud them for the step they had taken. At the same time there was nan i>1 t r n tit «%» ii t 1 4-Ti Totion .-vt lac nvaiAjf a vvai wiui uapau u v cx vuva because Australia wanted to trade with Lancashire. Let England do the same. Relating to the dairying scheme in New Zealand, the speaker said they should try to get all the facts of the scneme. If it was going to give the producer a good price, the sooner they goc it the better. Continuing, the speaker said he had noticed where the Central Executive had urged upon the Government the need for closer settlement. They all knew there was no room for closer settlement in dairying. They were not going to put men on the land to grow cane. They said it was going to bring about decentralisation. Were we go ing to pay for it with lower prices for produce? He thought the executive would do better to assist the farmer in getting a better price for hjs goods. Mr. Bancroft said if the money which was going to Denmark was coming to Australia there would be a bigger scope. Mr. Heppell said that now there was a tariff wall built up against Japan they would find that there were plenty of wool and wheat farmers going in for dairying, without putting any more on the land. Speaking on the New Zealand scheme, the chairman said he could not understand anyone handing it over to the Government to handle. U would be better for the dairymen to handle it themselves. Regarding the scheme of the Central Executive, there were great portions of Australia which should be inhabited and the executive must have some object in view. The following motion was passed, on the motion of Mr. Kirby, seconded by .Mr. Heppell and supported by Mr. Bancroft:— "That it is the opinion ot this branch that it would be time tor Australia to adopt -closer settlement when the true principles of trade within the Empire are carried out, not by England arranging the Denmark agreement." MACLEAN MAIL. Mr. Patterson moved, and Mr. Hep pell seconded, that the Postal Depart ment be asked that all mails between Maclean and Woodford Dale be en closed in a mail bag. — Carried: DAIRY CO. ELECTION. The chairman said he would like, to bring before the meeting the manner in which the ballot for the election of directors of the Pioneer Dairy Co. was carried out. He thought there was some room for improvement. Mr. A. L. Hope said that the year oeiore lasi .mere was a party oi mem stood, and engaged the services of two scrutineers, Mr. T. H." Wall, who held the important position of ' returning bfficer for' the electorate of Cowper. and Miv J. A. " Puddico'mbe. This was the report he received from them: "We beg to report that, in response to your request, we attended to-day the count ing of the vote lor the directors of the Pioneer Dairy Co., and attached our signatures to the official declaration as correct. There is no need here to re port the votes recorded, but we may say we pointed out to the chairman of directors and the manager x that the election was not conducted as other elections by post in this district, in so far that no covering envelope over the envelope containing the ballot paper was used. It is usual for this envelope to be signed under the flap by the voter. Without this check there is no evidence to show that the person re cording the vote is rightly entitled to do so. Other than that, each ballot paper is initialled by the returning officer. We would suggest that the practice followed by other companies in respect to elections be adopted oy the Pioneer Dairy Co. Enclosed are samples of the envelopes used by the Grafton Dairy Co. and the Grafton Pastures Protection Board at their elections." Continuing, the speaker said the ballot paper was placed in the first en velope and then it was sealed. It was then placed in the other envelope, and the voter signed it under the flap. The envelopes were opened and the scru tineers present saw the signature and looked in the register, and thus .had a definite check. Two of the directors of pioneer Dairy Co. were members of the Grafton Pastures' Protection Board. They approved of the two envelopes there, but did not approve of them at the factory. If a director did something that was not approved of by the share holders they should be in the position to remove him. Another curse was the system of going around collecting bal lot papers. Mr. Heppell: We should have a secret ballot, with sealed envelopes, and if the envelope was sent out with the stamp embossed on it it. would encour age the shareholder to return it. Mr. Kirby thought there was room for improvement, and moved: "That a | special mooting of shareholders of the .'ill.. : ' . -.I.- Pioneer Dairy Co. be. called with a view to making a . commendation to the board of directors that the ballot for directors should be carried out as by the Grafton Daii'y Co. and the Grafton Pastures Protection Board. namolv lino /innhlp pnvplnOP SPllPlTlG." The motion was seconded by Mr. E. Heppell, and carried. It was left in the hands of the sec retary to get the required number of signatures to the motion, and to pre sent it to the directors. Mr. Heppell said he had applied to the butter .factory for seed from the Dairy Council, but had been told that it had been supplied to 10 farmers in the district, and that no more was available. He had only heard by chance „ that seed was obtainable this way, and he , thought it should be made public, so that any farmer could put in an application. This concluded the business, and the meeting concluded. 