THE COURSE OF EMPIRE TRADE. According to reports from England, there cannot be any doubt that British authorities and industrialists are giving ample consideration to the course ot events governing international trade ; nations accustomed to accepting a very favourable balance of trade with Britain as a matter of course arc wondering how much they will iie forced to give in return, while members of the Empire know that there will be some plain speaking when they gather to decide the future of the Ottawa Agreements. When announcing his projected visit to Australia and New Zealand in the near future, Mr Granville Gibson, president-elect of the British Associated Chambers of Commerce, stated that his association was prepared to meet the Dominions as far as possible, but it frankly considered that some of them had not interpreted the spirit of Ottawa.; and in the case of Australia he said that despite reductions of duties the .arifF was still bo high that the concessions did not afford any actual advantage. British Associations are prepared to do their utmost in the interests of Empire trade, but they consider that Britain should only give reciprocal benefits — that is, free. entry into the United Kingdom for Dominion produce, provided tb-v Dominions reduce their tariffs to a minimum to allow the entry of British goods. Needless to say, the policy enunciated by Mr Gibson will not be very popular am one a section of Australians, but it is essentially fair. If Australia desires to develop hpr own industries and hampers imports of British good*, then she cannot anticipate free, entry of primary produce into the 1'nited Kingdom ; but, on the other hand, Britain is prepared to accept the primary production provided her ex porters are allowed reasonable scope in the manufacturing sphere. It appears then that Australia, along with other members of the Dominions, ran choose lie.r own future ; but it must be that whatever is chosen will bfi treated on reciprocal terms by Britain. Hints have been whispered in con nexion *ith Otti.wa contracts, that tlie British Government is prepared to give the Dominions a larger share of imports ; and this statement is strengthened by the virtual collapse of the recent Anglo-Danish discussions concerning a re' ewal of existing con ditions in the treaty which expires on June 30 next. Britain's imports from Denmark last year were £17.4!W.O00 : in excess of Dei. mark's imports from England, and for the previous year the adverse balance was £43.000,000. so that Denmark ha.- traded on very advantageous terms. Yet when British representatives demanded more eeiu it- able terms, a blunt refusal was met — despite the fact that Denmark and Germany have just completed fin agreement with Germany under which trading is to b-- commenced on a £. for .€ basis. This seems surprising when it is 'cmembered that Britain has been absorbing 6ixty per cent -?! Danish butter, and the only explanation which can be assumed is that Danish rulers consider that Britain cannot iio without their butter. Official circles '.In not disguise their intense dissatisfac tion, and there should be ample scope for making the most of the opportunity provided the Dominions are prepared to show genuine evidence of allowing reciprocity. British leaders know that the world cannot effect genuine recovery from depression, under existing handicaps, and they encourage greater freedom of trade wherever possible. Statistics produced by the London and Cambridge Economic Service show that before the war Britain's exports were 70 per cent of her imports, but today they are only 50 pei cent ; and although in 1913 more than one-quarter of total production was exported, today the proportion has fallen to below one sixth. It is impossible to blame any one influence fi-r the change, as the war, depreciation of sterling. Ottawa agreements, trade pacts, quotas and tariff wulls have all operated : but most of the detrimental influences should be cancelled as between members of the Empire, and, briefly, this is what the British people would like. Progress has been slow, but there is a gradual improvement, for in 1913 the Douiiuious i took only 37 per cent of British ex-J ports, and at the present time the percentage is 48, so that there should be further improvements in the future. If Britain resumes lending abroad, together with emigration, it is hard to predict what will happen ; but a? immigrants will generally enter the Dominions it can be expected that they will continue to purchase an increasing proportion of British exports. The time is ripe for men of vision, at Home and abroad, 'to adopt a sound, long- range trade policy. With experi ences of Ottawa agreements iu their minds, and realising each other's pecu liar difficulties, representatives of Empire can accomplish much in the near future if tliey will adhere to the principles defined at Ottawa with reasonable amendment according to circumstances, but with reciprocity as their keynote. 