?cm ing ! ~v -- -J— — ^ ? ? Yo^uiig Austrailian on World Toiio* NOW IN MARYBOROUGH Therie arrived in Maryborough vefi-j terday by motor cycle a young Aua-j tfalian, ^rv Eric Malpaaj .vbo .'faas appropriately -^iled the ^cyding'l troubadour. I?He; le£t ^Melbourne onj 25, ,19^1, taiid, has, prowded -&] gT^t deal of eiperienre Bad .anecdote] i^ Jife -^iurmg ,the intervening] years. h^s.^iet piany notabilities in ] the ^course of d}s world-wide .travels, j ^.He^naa a.. twofold '/.purpose: He. ,is |mrticulaily , anxious, ,tq use his world ?£?fte'£'ice . *b 'a stepping et-?ne to. the tnoviug ? pictures, aij.d alpo, to write an,;, informative boqk. on his ex periences in -an^ impressions of differ ent countries. He is very methodical. He has a well-kept bdok of press clip pings, In addition to his own personal well-written diary. .T^tr. Malpa^ has just completed a 1^00 miles. tour of Tasniania and the | southern. States on a | U6h bike, on wiicb he ojigiiiaHy. set out on . his ?travels. ? Through the B.M.C. at Bris bane, recently, he obtained a motor cycle. Mr.. Malp&s;'a mode . 6f living on tour is by street singing. intro duced himself to 'Maryborough people In ' the streets yesterday. He expects to regain here' until Wednesday or Thursday morning, when he will leave for Darwin, via northern coastal cities *6,8 far as Cairns. He will return to Townsville and strike out across coun try, through Gamooweai, Newcastle Woters, and Catherine. At the present moment Mr. Malpas is accompanied by a young motor .fcyelist who is makine his wav to ^Irns in search of work. He is not associated, however, 'with Mr. Mal pas in bis. world travels. A CLOSE CALL Mr. Malpas's adventures bpgpn almost immediately, hf . left Melbourne. On- the way to Darwin from Alice Springs he was lost in the deBert. For fifty-three hours he was without water, and was forced to eAt n lizard to get moisture. When fouud he had strapped himself by the ankle t-o his bicycle so that he would not. wander. It. Was Mr. George ,G«han, CbmmQn wfealth . Railways Commissioner, who discovered -him. .As he passed further afield he be came more and more embroiled with the rigorous immigration laws of foreign countries. The only way, for example, he could cross tie German Danish border was;to persuade o Ger man to pass liim off as his son. Even tb'eh the plan was not successful. .A Qernian official accosted him, and de termining liis identity saw that, he was escorted back to a German prison in chains. It was iii.Be.rlin that Mr. Malpas ac cepted a wager from an Englishman that he-.could not get close enough to Herr Adolf Hitler to shake hands with liim. He waited in the Wllhelmstrasse and when Herr Hitler left his car the far-wanderer .^sked him , for a hand shake. The' Fuhrer smilingly acquiesced and had hardly, turned a*ide when the flat ^f the sword of a Storm Trooper 'cauio clump across the side of Mr. Mol pas's head. Gpebbels in Berlin, too, and complained ^io Lim that, the Germ'an press' was not treating him well. The result1 was an interview with the re porter, of the nfficiah JCazi organ and perfnission to sing in Berlin without a permit. BETOHT DISCOURTEOUS , Jn Franjefurt,- however, lie waf not quite so RiicPiessfyil. T^hen a police officer told him to go about his busi ness, Mr. . Malpas, relying on the officer's ignorance of English, retorted VWasft yjour neck,' whereupon the officer , in impeccable .English informed him that he. was under arrest. The Officer had been a prisoner of war- in England. The result of that was Mr. Ifalpps had to sign an affidavit, that he. woul^ not sinig within a hundred aquare miles of Frankfurt. ..One of Mr. Malpas's most interest ing experiences was an interyiew with the jsged John D. Rockefeller, , . nt Qrmond Beach, the. letter's winder home i|i „T1orida. It took Mr. Malpas two days to arrange the interview, but when he finally became, .visible Mr. Bockefeller offered the young man some very salutary. advice. ''Remember, my ?hoy,' he said, 'that money is not everything. - Do you eat wcllf I can't — I haven't had a good meal for years.' i - . : , -Mr. Malpas's experiences have been vride and, varied, and now he is back in the land of his birth again with nis ardour still as bright and his sense of humour undimmed. 