FROM EVERYWHERE A [?] Casey's Clever Father - Dwarf Car \- An Immemoriam Club - Brothers in Honor - Health Pilot u > . . W oinan Aero Club Secretary SELECTED from 120 applicants as Secretary of the Royal Queensland Aero Club, Irene Grahame is the first woman in Australia to hold such an important position. For tho past 12 years she has been attached to a Bris- bane firm in which she now holds an executive position. She celebrated her birthday on September 1. by taking over her new job.- -"Jo." tv Red Letter Bay \ T Brisbane recently, Federal Trea- surer Casey made quite a hit when lie told a public meeting that his father was elected to Queensland Parliament on May 23, 1888, and was married in Brisbane on the same day. lie remarked dryly that things must have been more easily accomplished in those days, as now getting married and getting a seat in the House are both full. time jobs of their own. The Federal Treasurer was born under the shadow of Queensland's Parliament House, but received his earl.v education in Melbourne, and his accent at Cambridge.- -J. Colorful Career fT HE new Assistant Secretary (Marine) in the Department of Commerce — W. C. Stlllman — was the first to take the Diploma of Public Administration at the Melbourne Univer sity. He reached the rank of major dur ing the war, and for four years afterwards worked at Australia House (London) in . t h e. Immigration branch. Returning from London, Stlll man was 'appointed principal migration officer for 'the Devel opment and Migra tion Commission. For the past three years he has acted as chief clerk of the C o m m o n w ealtli Marine branch, and it is a foregone con clusion that one day he will become sec- retary.7 -"Fergo." v ,» Midget Car TJESIDENTS o I Armidalc (N.S.W.) are greatly intrigued by the "bitser" automo bile constructed by E. R. Hardman, a local mechanic. His home- made "dwarf car" was built from spare parts of cars and motor-bikes, Hard- man doing everything, even' to the panel beating and upholstering.- The midget measures 'six feet by three feet, is fitted, with pneumatic tyres, can do 30 miles an hour and costs only £2 for registra tion fees.— "Roberto." . ,sl ' ' . First of His Kind CJEORGE GROOM, the new President of Queensland's Federated Cham bers' of Commerce, Is a journalist. After working on the Toowoomba "Chx-onicle" — of which his Dad was part proprietor — George Groom joined the old Brisbane "Daily Mall," and then shifted to Melbourne ' "Herald," rising to the dizzy heights of Sir Keith Mur- dock's private secretary. Returning to Queensland Groqm edited the Bunda- berg "Daily Times" and later acquired tho Johnstone River "Advocate" at Innisfail. He is a great believer In North Queensland and should fill even the Chambers of Commerce chair with the dignity and distinction that befits a journalist. — H. Brother Heroes TT is seldom, In peace-time at all events, that two brothers get honors for bravery on independent occasions: that happened to the Chalmers brothers, Jack and Bob. Their exploits are re called by the appointment of Bob, as manager of the Granville (N.S.W.) Olympic Pool. Jack was the one who plunged into tho surf at Coogee and ac tually fought off a shark from the vic tim of its attack. For. that deed the first-class award for bravery was given to him and to ex-international swim ming champion, Frank Bcaurepaire, who assisted him. The very next such : award was made to Bob. Chalmers, who dived off the rocks at Ben Buckler to rescue a girl from drowning. — S. . . Jt. «J y W ar-scarred V eteran A NEW arrival to take up residence in New Zealand is Captain. Mayo, who has been "amassing souvenirs in the way of slugs and spears," in no fewer than eight wars. Captain Mayo for thirty years commanded the troops of the Maharajah of Sirmoor, in the Simla Hills, and put In sixteen years with the Bengal Sappers and Miners. It is the intention of the captain to. commence dairy farming, for his step son has been spanking cows in New Zealand for some time. — "Uramao." Still Not Out TN Adelaide, twenty-eight years ugo, R. J. Hartigan and Clem Hill put on 243 runs for the eighth wieket. The record still' stands. These days Clem Is more at home on a racecourse than the cricket field, but last season Hartigan won both the batting and bowling aver ages of the Queensland Wanderers' Club, which Includes Sir Leslie Wilson (Queensland Governor) as a playing member. Hartigan deserved the trophies, for his batting average was 110 runs and his bowling average 12.25. The club played 18 matches. — J. Buried Cecil Rhodes "DRITISH film "Rhodes of Africa" has a special significance' for L. C. Kennedy, . Matraville, Sydney, for he had personal contact with the his torical characters. As a Sergeant, Kennedy went right through the Boer War, and was a member of the party which buried Cecil Rhodes in his tomb on the Matoppos. Prior to this he was sworn in by Dr. Jameson, then Gover nor of Rhodesia, as maxim gunner In the Matabele Mounted Police, for the famous raid In which 600' soldiers were trapped in ambush. After the Boer War Kennedy came to Australia, and in 1914 : joined the A.I.F., and later was Invalided home from Galllpoll. — "Chip." To Cruise South Pacific Seas 'V'OT satisfied with winning the Slone- haven Cup in Adelaide with tho 12ft dinghy "Klttiwalco," young "Skipper" J. Muir, of Hobart, is after fres\> waters to conquer. At present he Is busy building a. 36ft sea cruiser, with an lift beam, in which, in company with Mr. D. McAllister, he intends visiting the South Pacific Seas. When the Norwegian "cruiser "Ho Ho," which was searching for the missing Danish barque "Koben- havn," visited Hobart, young Mulr se cured a set of plans for his cruiser from the crew, and in nine months hopes to be under way. — "Oh." St J Discovered Charters Towers Gold "OECENTLY admitted to the Eventide " Home at Charters Towers (N.Q.), where he will spend the rest of his days in comfort, was Jupiter, an eighty- year-old aboriginal, who, in 1872 found the first gold that resulted in the opening up of tlie famous Charters Towers goldfleld. At the time, Jupltei was travelling with Hugh Mosman, a pioneer prospector of the north, and It was due to the keen-eyed abo's dis covery of a small nugget that Mosman located the field which has already yielded over £28,000,000 worth of gold.— "Niki." St St Parson R.S.L. President TJARKES (N.S.W.) loses Its rector and the president of Its strong R.S.L. with the promotion of Archdeacon A. E. Weston to the church in Norwood (S.A.), which has been a jumping-off ground to higher episcopal honors- Bishop Moyes, of Arinidale, was recent ly In charge. It was after his return from the war, in which he served with the 33rd Battalion, that Weston trained for the ministry. He enlisted as a pri vate, but won his commission. — "Stan." jX & 50 Years a Drover rPOM 1IACKETT, who was the firsi white child born on the Coopei about 70 years ago, has spent 50 years of his life as a stockman and cattle drover. Tom thinks modern campdrafts are only "riptear" in comparison with the good old days, when It was nothing for him to take 500 horses on a 1500 mile trip from Burraloola (N.T.) to Spring field, in the Quilpie district. The best lot of cattle he ever saw were 1000 head that - he took from Gillpippl to Bourke, 30 ; years ago. They were trucked from there to Melbourne and averaged 12501b. — "Hello." St St Gained First Phys.D . Ever . Granted . -in Eng land, during wbich time she was engaged in research .work, it was only natural that Miss ' Joan Hearman, PhysJD., B.Sc., on her. return to Aus tralia recently should take an interest in the apple industry. A native of Donnybrook (Western Australia), a town noted for its apples, Miss. Hearman Interested herself in applied plant physiology, a study which gained her the first Phys.D. degree ever granted by the London University for horticulture. She has also concentrated on "pomology," more especially on the best methods of growing and improving apples. — V.B. Built Mourilyan Mill AT R. E. J. COUCHMAN, who, as chief ' engineer, came out with machinery for Mourilyan Mill 54 years ago, is now visiting the district. The machinery, whicli arrived in a sailing ship, was landed at Mourilyan wharf In 1882, and transported to the mill site on a tram, which is still in existence. Mr. Couch- man remained at Mourilyan for three years, during which time the mill was erected, and the first annual crushing of cane put through, after which he went to Innisfail to start a sawmill. He accompanied Christie Palmerston as one of the party which opened up the track to Herberton through the dense northern jungle. After remaining in Innisfail for about ten years, he then returned to England. A desire to see familiar spots has again brought him back to Queensland. — "O'Beau." Pilot of Flying Ambulance AT UCH has been written of the work -"J- of the "flying doctor' of the A.I.M. in the far north-west of Queensland, but little of the pilot who has been in charge of tlie "flying doctor's" plane since work commenced. Captain Eric Donaldson, the oldest commercial pilot In Australia, has a wonderful know ledge of the outback. After a dis tinguished war record,- being shot down behind the enemy's lines, Eric joined Qantas, and was later placed in. charge of .flying operations of the A.I.M. from the Cloncurry head quarters. Dramatic flights are all in the day's work; one of the longest be ing from Normanton, in the Gulf country, to Brisbane with a; patient. Speed records were broken on the journey in the endeavor to reach a specialist in the northern capital.— N. Victorian Northcliffe VTICTOKIA has a country NortlielilTe in R. D. (formerly Senator) Ellibtt. Among the eight papers he controls are the Mildura "Sunraysift Daily," the "Horsham Times," and the "Custle- maine Mail." He flew home front Eng land a few months ago after a trip abroad, during which lie spent quite a time in Russia. — "Lloyd." H .CM. Club QYDNEY has many clubs and one of the most interesting is the H.C.W., which meets once a month in a special room in the Railway Refreshment De partment of the Sydney Railway Sta tion. H.C.W. were the initials of a very kindly, thoughtful, and energetic busi ness man — H. C. Wilson, wlio was in charge of the real estate and refresh ment departments of N.S.W. Railways. His large circle of friends tendered him a dinner before he left for six weeks vacation to Tasmania. Falling ill in the Island State, he came back to Mel bourne, where he died. His friends decided to form a club to keep his memory green. The badge each mem ber wears has a photograph of H.C.W. At each gathering an address on some interesting subject is given by some well-known authority. There is also a musical programme and the chairman is appointed for two months at a time. It is frequently asserted that there is no sentiment in business. The founda tion of this club and. its continued suc cess give the lie to that assertion. — "Gee Gee." 