[?] 5*r-IfcAY,: According to the'S.M. Herald'' j^K'' a 'considerable number . of : Federal^ vtnembersof -Parliament, with the object:' ?: - of - Improving theirknowledge of _eco .... aomlcs, have !'? been visiting the Sydney .University once ' a week. There they . *nter into discussions with Dr. E. D. . Walker, lecturer in economics in that citadel of learning; While, : of course, any addition to knowledge is commend able, it seenfs rather anomalous that these members, .who -are all Tories, didn't think of studying, economics before they entered - Parliament. Indeed, their be lated decision to learn something essen tial rather indicates that much of the support they electionally got was ob tained tinder conditions approximating 'to : political false pretences. * . * # WOODSTOCK: With the Primate of \- yy Australia (Archbishop La Panu) pre siding, a recent meeting in Perth decided to form a society for; the promotion of cultural relations with Soviet Russia, hav ing .as its objective; a non-political and entirely - impartial study of social 'condi- tions in the Soviet Union. Presumably, for a start at anyrate, the study is to be sympathetic. ; If .. such proves to be the 'case/ it - will be - commendable. But, on r tbe, othej.'. hsixid, if it turns out to be : antagonistic, well, then, surely there will be logical justification for Soviet Russians . establishing a society for the promotion jpf Culture to Ai^stralia. tS URALITE : At ia meeting' of vegetable growers ;in Sydney last Monday it was decided .to form a Markets Defence League, with the object of closely examin ing tlie evidence which, it was stated, is to the possession, of various growers rela tive to marketing methods in the'' metro- polis. But surely little further evidence is ..needed than the fact that there is a huge j difference between .what the said .growers obtain for their produce, arid what the: consumingpublic'have to pay. As a mat ter of fact, 'the position appears to boii down to organisation, and in this respect the metropolitan agents, have but ? very little, if. anything, to learn. . ? : *? ' * ? '*? EUCA: Some evidence adduced at the . Inquiry indicates that a. good deal of sweatiiig occurs in various spheres of the dairying industry. Yet the, dairy farmers as a class- insist on get ting relatively hi&h; prices for their pro 'ducts, despite the diminished purchasing .power of the workers— that is to say, when they ARE workers, and not members of the vast army of the unemployed. If . these culpable dairy - farmers ' only pos sessed , the nous to pay better wages they .would have , a better case for increased prices. But, as things are, they are mur dering their market— and blaming, for the , .inevitable results, everybody, with .the ex ception of themselves. 'Please, sir, will you give me sixpence . 'to go to ?where my mother is?' 'I will, t my poor boy. And where is : ' your mother?' 'At the pictures, sir.' 'XT -RAY: The Secretary of the NJS.W. Local Government Association and the Shires Association (A. R. Bluett) recently ►threw a spanner into the new N.S.W, 'Government's relief, work scheme by de claring - ; that unemployment relief is'.. ' a national responsibility, and not one that ?must necessarily predicate the expendi^ ture of local municipal funds. As a matter , of fact, the yast majority of the muni-. ! cipal and shire councils have done a good .deal in the way of providing work for the; local unemployed. But their financial resources are limited, and, moreover, they, have not the magic power of appropriat ing a substantial sum from the local workers' wages, or imposing a stiff tax ? on every lottery ticket sold, and every T^jimade, within their, boundaries*: r\EEWHX : Last Friday the ' Grafton cor respondent of the Sydney 'Sun,' com menting on a report to the effect that there is a scarcity of labor on the far North Coast, and that scores of youths are passing through Grafton from the coalfields and Sydney on their way north, stated that many of these employment seekers are doomed to disappointment, as labor is not by any means at a premium in these northern N.S.W. districts. The fact of the matter is that there are more than sufficient unemployed men and youths to satisfy all local needs. Conse quently the inevitable result is that the hopefuls going north meet the hopeless coming back. 'Well, Bert, I've been given .a. chance of getting a better job.' 'That's goodo. When?' . 'fTo-day. The boss has sacked me.' TyrERINO: R. J. Pagan, a prominent ! N.S.W. grazier, on his return from a tour of the' East, stated the other day that it is nothing less than a national calamity that Australia, as a result of the Commonwealth Government's decision in favor of imperial, trade preference, is to lose in Japan her second best world cus tomer for wool. He added that in his opinion prices in the wool market must definitely fall without Japanese competi tion. Of course, as an offset, there is in-: -creased purchasing by German buyers, 'which may be something to the good. But, despite the buying by this ex-enemy nation, it rather looks as if the John Bull imperialists have bitten off something more than they can chew. ? * * ? ? ?? ^7' -RAY: Addressing a special meeting of -members of the N.S.W. Parliamentary U.A.P. last Monday, the deputy-leader of the Party, E. S. Spooner* declared that, while he was in complete agreement with the Government's policy in . regard to re lief work, he was not in accord with the means that had been adopted, during his absence in Queensland, in putting it into operation. In effect, he wiped his hands of th6 Bruxner decision to practically stop all relief jobs, and leave the solution of the unemployment problem to Private Enterprise, and the humiliating alterna tive of the dole. But the device of shov ing all the blame on to Bruxner is alto gether unconvincing, for Spooner origin- 1 ally stood for this plan. It was only when he found it was unpopular that he stood from under, and let Bruxner perform the unenviable task of carrying a very dis agreeable baby. .# . # ? ? * ... p UNDABOOKA : The report, long ^ awaited, and but recently received, of the Commonwealth Government's geolo gist, i/br. Ellis, pertaining to his irivesti-' gation -of. the'Lasseter's Lost Reef'' country in Central Australia, reveals that while ; there may be a little gold, (with a lot ' of earth mixed with it) in the Petermann Range, the country, to 1 the north! and north-west of it' geologically has no possible chance of containing a payable reef. Thus another get-rich-quick stunt of the 'Brewster Millions' type has gone definitely and irrevocably ''West..' But, all the same, quite a number of people with fingers placed adroitly on the keyboard of golden gambles did very well. Also, apparently they 'did' many other people whose enthusiasm far exceeded their mineralogies^ knowledge and their business discretion^ - TITS.: Fines totalling £10,329/10/- were * * * imposed on persons convicted of ille gal betting within the Sydney and New castle districts during the three months ended June 30 laist. Chief Secretary Chaf fey, commenting on the figures, stated that they favorably compared with those of the previous corresponding period; arid indicated continued activity by the police to prevent illegal betting. But what Chaf fey didn't say was that this va3t ag gregate of fines mostly means that many workers, despairing of . obtaining satis factory employment,- trust to Chance for the possession . of. a little real cash. By the way, it might be mentioned that no Treasury-boosting fines are imposed on the' wealthy people .who utilise, the Stock Exchange as a gambling medium. : . * , ' ^USTRALITE: Mr. Angliss, a Victorian M.L.C. with vast pastoral properties in the Gulf Country of Northern Austra lia, after recently inspecting some of his possessions, states that there is an urgent need for roads' and railways -to develop the potentialities of those vast areas. What Angliss means, of course, is that either the Queensland or Commonwealth Government should at great expense con struct the; roads - and railways, which would then cater , for the interests of Angliss and a few others, who would take no financial risks at all. WOODSTOCK: Not so many years ago the Tory press — and the 'S.M. Herald' in particular— bitterly denounced caucuses and caucus decisions as denials of the fundamental principles of democracy. But how the .times and opinions mira culously change! For recently the self same 'SM. Herald,'' per media of big black letters, featured these headlines: 'U.A.P. Caucus Opposes Abolition of Re lief Scheme.' So apparently the caucus system that was anathema when it was adopted by the Labor Movement is now' accepted as something quite ordinary and essential when it suits the political ? pur poses of the Tories. I ? ? ? # Wo.: Communications from Riga re ?veal the fact that the output of aero planes by the Russian Soviet is so great that tlie. aerial force will soon be equal to the total strength of all the other countries put together. r The development is a butt for Australian Tory sneers. But, after . all, the .Soviet is not . only a great social arid industrial experiment, but is also a great social and industrial success, and; very logically, the Soviet wants to hold what it has gained. At anyrate, th£ Soviet isrnot seeking any new territories, and that is. more than can . be truly said of most of .the countries of - Europe; , ? # ?. ? -. # XrRAY: Prime Minister Lyons, comr menting in Melbourne, the other day on the suggestion that the Federal elections .might be -held early next year, said; .that there will be ample time within the statu tory period provided by the Constitution to hold : an. election after: Ministers have returned from the Coronation ceremonies and the Imperial Conf erencef . How the Labor, renegade. Prime Minister ^ hangs, leech-like, on to his present position, the reward of- his; . political treachery ! And how. ,;he longs to - be .in .the -imperialistic spotlights .of London before ? ,his . many? coated career is brought to an end! pvEEWHY : .At long last the; Minister in ? Charge .. Of . Development (Senator McLachlan) has stated, that a tender — that of the Melbourne Harbor Trust— has been accepted for the construction of the Commonwealth fisheries research vessel* which will be 82ft. in length, built of steel,, and propelled by a Diesel, engine. This vessel will be equipped to catch surface swimming fish, and also will operate a Danish seine net for the capture of bot-: tom-dwelling fish such as flathead. By the way. Senator -McLachlan pertinently points out that Australia's anntial con sumption of, fish is about 141b.- a head, compared with 401b. ' in Great Britain.' The Minister adds that if Australians consumed fish to the same extent as the : people of .Britain .the. yalue of the Aus tralian home consumption alone would be £8,000,000 a year, and the industry would 1 employ over 25,000 people. Rather a; pleasant prospect, but,' unfortunately,; Senator McLacWan omits to .mention that while overseas ' tinned . and otherwise preserved fish is dumped into Australia —without the ultimate consumers enjoy ing many bargains— the: local ? fishing in dustry is never likely to be a very flour ishing concern. vVUSTRALIYB: - nQratinglv /.recently to A members of the Victorian Chamber of Manufactures; Feden# Attorney-General Menzies said: 'Australians;riiake fools of themselves ^ in' the eyes W t^ if they talk: of security whiie theu: population is under 7,006,000.' Of course, the statement quoted; was a prelude to a plea for immi gration/ It is curious, that practically every Tory who returns from a jaunt abroad is an intensive barracker for the flooding of Australia with unemployed British workers. Evidently ' some miracle is worked overseas. Surely men with the mentality of- Menzies must know that to advocate the dumping of Britain's work less into Australia, while we have scores of thousands of unemployed of our own is ridiculous and mischievous. Yet such advocacy continues. What is the mysteri ous reason behind it all? 'A -nice bloke you are! You force your ? missis to -take in washing !' 'Well,- you7 don't think I'd let her leave it on the line while, you're about, do you?' 'XT' -RAY Addressing the Unitarian Church Literary Circle in Melbourne the other day, the Rev. W. Bottomley, in referring to a recent book, 'Hitler . the Pawn' by , BtUdoif Oldjeri,' expressed the r6pitiion that tliie Cxehriari dictator is merely a 'tool in tlie hands of munition manufac turers arid 'other financial interests. But, after all, is Hitler the only representative of- national power so calamitously used? Recent developirients in Spain, and the intensified fortifying of the border-lines between Germany. and France, plus the strengthening of British naval outposts, rather 'indicate that the big armaments and munitions concerns have several other more or less enthusiastic and pliant cus tomers. . # ? ? # XU S.: Pointing, out that modern educa * ^ *tiori should impress pupils with the idea that community welfare is preferable to individual welfare, Mr. A. McGuinness, Chairman of the Primary Education Con ference in Sydney, gave expression to some thoughts calculated' to provoke strong criticism from the types of ancient educa tionists beloved, say, by the 'S.M. Herald.' For instance, he declared that ''society to-day is an organisation in which the clever, the astute and. unscrupulous wr:j fat by exploiting the poor.' The truth, of course; but woe betide the de partmental teacher who reiterates it— even in the most obscure political capacity. # * * TpUCA: The budget-balancing stunts of Lyons and Stevens suffered a setback the other day when Sir Frederick Stewart, MP., and ex-Minister, said that, whiles Government did right to balance its bud get, it did wrong if the methods adopted meant the sacrifice of the unprivileged. But, come to think of it, how can any budget be satisfactorily balanced while there are scores of thousands of workless in tlie country? Such balahcing may con vince the Tory thoughtless; but it doesnt convince the waiting workless. : ' . . . , . * * «= : fa GRICOLA: In view of the opinion « ; -Q many practical farmers that the vital matter of closer settlement is being, paltered with by the Stevens- Bruxner Government, it follows that the yaiio® State experimental farms, plus agric .tural classes and lectures, more or Ies -represent wasted effort and expenditure For surely there is little sense in e*. pensively teaching young p0'e° 1 farmers how to make good when ?*.- is no decent land available. It's a tition of the old story of puttin? . .before the horse;- Only in this case ; horse,- per the Government, happe^5 - be a donkey— and not a very intell# donkey, ^tber* 