BRITAIN'S TRADE POLICY Revision Of Food Agreements Likely FOREIGN PACTS DUE FOR RENEWAL Marketing Schemes Unpopular from "The Advertiser" Special Representative LONDON, April 28. At the outset of the recent trade ne-<*> gotiations between Britain and Austra-<*> lia, the Commonwealth Minister for Commerce (Dr. Page), and the Attor- ney-General <Mr. Menzles) submitted a memorandum in which It was sug gested that Britain should wtmin* the results of all her foreign trade treaties, several of which are due for renewal. It was felt by Australia that such, an ex amination would reveal that the bene fits derived from the Ottawa Agree ments . exceeded those from foreign agreements. The British Government has now completed this survey, as a result of which it is understood that the whole of the British agricultural pollcr Is be ing reconsidered, it Is expected that, as a sequel, the Dominions wfll receive more favorable treatment when the foodstuffs agreements are overhauled. Fending the completion of Us policy, toe British Government wfO sign no new agreements ?The Danish representatives wffl re turn to London on May u again to dis cubs theAngio-rjanish Treaty, which will be Bmlted for three months to tem porary measures for Increased Danish import licences. The renewal of the Anglo-Argentine agreement, which the Argentine Ambassador in Paris (Senor LeBrebon) is at present discussing with the Board of Trade, Is also unlikely to be settled until the discussions with Or Page and Mr. Menzles are completed. Aastnlian Memonndam The memorandum from the Austra lian Ministers comprehended long-term rationalisation between British and Australian industries, by which British goods which couW not be manufactured m oould eabeT *?? Common wealth duty free, while Australia would retain the market for goods which could be made economically within the Com monwealth. The Australian Ministers would like such complementary production to ?on- Hnue tor 10 years, guaranteeing Britain a market and encouraging British in vestment, in flw bSe? iffiat itwouM improve agricultural prices and enable the Commonwealth to Increase its par chases from Britain, simultaneously cresting prosperity In the Common wealth that would permit of the resump tion of immigration. The British ex amination of this scheme has reached an advanced stage, and the Government wm subsequently be able to begin re consideration of its agricultural policy. Agricultural Schemes Unpopular JThe agricultural schemes of the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Elliot), whtchme atoed at infirwwtng prices for, lataigjmports from'fOTetaTcountrtes and the Dominions, have become very unpopular. Many fanners and distri butors advocate the abolition of the MUk Marketing Board: the Potato Mar keting Board Is In difficulties and was recently compelled fa relax imports; the PlgBpard echeme has met with only partial success; and the sugar subsidy Is unpopular. ? T^9Svemment> rePWns to the flood of criticism, has pHtflpti that the schemes are experimental, but the pre sent moment is considered opportune for revision, because 14 foreign agree ments are due tor. renewal. Farther more, the defence situation demands the reconsideration of Britain's, find Some critics urge the imnwHnfe establishment of granaries ?mcurtly at least six months' supplies but Conser ratives, believing that Britain in the last resort must rely on her own agri culture, are pressing the Government to increase home production. In consequence of the unnoDUlaritv and partial taeakdowiTof ?ma*e£ Ing schemes, the termination of foretan agreements and the necessity for pro viding far defence supplies, the Gov ernment Is expected completely to re consider the subject of food production, and wm probably prepare a newBut with a tong-term policy as one of the principal Parliamentarr measures for the new session after November. FanneW Feats Disturbed by the fear that home guiwttrs might be prejudiced by the Australian Ministers hi T^rfgn secur ing more favorable terms for the Com monwealth's foodstuffs, the coancOof the National FarmerXmlonhasseS ? tetter to the Prime Minister <5r Baldwin), stating, that Brrashfarmeo are disappointed and ?"x?fln? because no comprehensive agricultural Dollar has so far been submitted to PaH£ iHCnt. situation b dominated by the question whettwttie Ottawa and other agree ments wffl be so miMWt?rt as to enable the home producer to obtain first place 