[?] \- ' A NATIONAL DRIVE to Improve the Standard of physical fitness in Britain is to be launched soon. ? : O . O O : RUSSIA HAS DECIDED to build up its iiavy to a level equivalent to that attained . py the nation's other armed forces, j o o o ' AS A RESULT of devaluation, the Bank \- 'of France showed , an increase of assets of 117,000,000,000 francs (about £162,000,000 liefoi-Hnort 0 0 a 1 HERR GREISER, President of the jjbanzig Senate, has protested to Geneva »t the League Council's decision to ask jjPoland to find a solution of Danzig's /problems. 000 'MANCHESTER GUARDIAN' says ? that, as the result of mediation by the | Arab Kings, an , armistice will soon be iproclaimed in Palestine. ji ; ,. O O O \ SIR CLAUDE READING was reap gointed chairman of the Commonwealth lank at a meeting of the directors, held at Melbourne last week. 0.0 o ; LONDON 'DAILY TELEGRAPH,' forecasts a shortage of fully-qualified air liner pilots, and suggests that the Gov ernment should found training schools Similar to those that serve the mercantile ijnarine. o 0 0 j. W. SCHESINGER, the South African ? ?, millionaire, is granting £2000 each to the 'dependants of the two men killed in the I Portsmouth- Johannesburg air race, and is placing £2000 in trust for the benefit of their children. 0 0 o JAPAN IS REPORTED to be formulat ing a hew naval policy. She will, not begin a new battleship race, but will . increase her strength in small, fast vessels. o .0 o , JAPAN IS ENCOUNTERING difficul ties with her wool-raising experiments in ; Manchukuo, but hopes eventually to ( produce clips as strong as merino, though ' less in quantity. o 0 0 A FASCIST MEETING which was to have been held at Bow, East London, was ?cancelled a few minutes before it was due to start. The Fascists then marched to another meeting at Bethnal Green. A LIGHTNING STRIKE Of 1600 bus-, men over the new winter time schedules laid idle 641 buses on 24 routes, and caused great congestion in tubes and trains. The strike has since been settled. o o o , LIGHTNING STRUCK a school football 'team at practice at Canton (Ohio), killing.. Tone lad, and injuring 11 others, including two coaches. j 000 ' SPEAKING AT. SYDNEY last week, | N.S.W. Premier Stevens advocated the adoption of some scheme of social insur- . ance, on the basis of that in force in Great Britain. 0,0 o SIR JOHN SIMON (Home Secretary) said the antics and language of British Fascists were undoubtedly very provoca- , tive, but it was the duty of the authori ties to maintain; freedom of meeting and . speech. - j o o- o . ATA MEETING at Urbenville, on the North Coast (N.S.W.) last week, 250 stock owners decided to resist dipping of stock under the tick ' regulations while the drought continued. They' subscribed £200 for a fighting fund to test the power of the Tick Board to enforce the regulations. o ? ' O ' o PRIME MINISTER LYONS stated last week that the . virus of rabbit myxomatosis, a disease by which it was hoped to exter minate rabbits in Australia, would not be liberated unless it was proved quite harmless to all other animals. O O o UPROAR BROKE OUT at the Labor v Conference at Edinburgh when the chair woman (Mrs. Adamson) curtailed discus sion on a motion to permit Communists to affiliate. On a card vote Communist affiliation was rejected by 1,728,000 to 592,000. 000 IN AN ADDRESS/ the President of the League Assembly s&id; that the fear that was driving Europe ; to destruction could only be removed by continuing the As \- sembly's work, stimulating trade and pro duction, and improving the standard of living. O ' '6' o t - THERE IS A fundamental difference in ? policy in theU-S.army and navy concern ?* ing Pacific fortifications. The army de sires the permanent1 neutralisation of the , Philippines, while the- navy takes the' view ? that independence is unworkable, and will be repealed before 1946; )? O ???'??O'- v;' o ?' THE CROYDON MONOSPAR aero plane, reported iptesirig after leaving Dar win last Weonesday morning, was located ' at Serin sapatam Reef, 2ff0 miles south west of Koepang, last Friday. Pilot Wood and the .three .members of. the 'plane crew were rescued by the steamer Nimoda. 0 0 o AS A RESULT of the Government's ? voluntary enlistment recruiting scheme the militia forces increased from 26,295 ..on June 30 to 2'370 on September 23. It is expected th^t the desned total. 35,000. will be rosched before the end of the year. ITALIAN PROPERTY- OWNERS have to pay a special tax to defray the cost of the African war. o o o A DEPUTATION of 200 unemployed has left Jarrow (Durham) : to march to Lon don. 000 THE FIRST RADIO beacon for ship ping in Australia will be installed at the Cape Otway lighthouse this year by. the Commonwealth Lighthouse Service. * o o o THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN State Government intends to introduce a bill to make five-year Parliaments a permanent part of the State's Constitution. o o o N.S.W. PREMIER STEVENS said last week that he hoped to be able to an nounce, In the near future, a comprehen sive State Government scheme for hous ing and slum clearance. o o o RONALD FINNEGAN, 12, of Waitara, near Sydney, was electrocuted when he fell on to a live cross-wire supporting the overhead cable of the electric railway at Hornsby last Wednesday. ITALIAN MUNITION FACTORIES are being speeded up, and £15,000,000 is being spent on additional aerodromes. The number of front-line aircraft is to be increased by 1500 aeroplanes. o o ,0 SIX FRENCH Fascist leaders were ar rested in Paris for having incited a mob to assemble and with reconstituting the Croix- de Feu 'after its legal dissolution. O O O HOSTILE THOUSANDS surrounded a Fascist open-air demonstration at Tun bridge Wells (Eng.) They pelted eggs, tomatoes and vegetables, and shouted down speakers. o 0 0 IN A COLLISION between a train and a motor truck at a level crossing near Myrtleford (V.) last Wednesday, George Cahill, 23, a passenger in the truck, was killed, and Arthur Lyons, the driver of the truck, was seriously - injured. 000 THE BRITISH Labor Conference, by 1,805,000 votes to 435,000, rejected a mo tion urging the unification of all political and working class bodies for the purpose of establishing a United Front. o o o REFERRING TO THE Empire's de clining birthrate, London 'Daily Mail' says similar tendencies are apparent hi France and Germany. Russia is the most important exception to the world-wide decline. 000 . THERE IS KEEN DISCUSSION in the European capitals of Russia's^ Note com plaining of breaches by Italy, Germany and Portugal of the agreement about non-intervention in Spain. 000 A PROVISIONAL trade treaty between the Commonwealth and Czechoslovakia, signed last week, is designed to arrest a steady decline in the Commonwealth's trade with that country, and to restore it to the level of about five years ago. ? 0 0 O A SLUG OF GOLD weighing 17oz. lOdwt. was found by a prospector named Wally Jockin about one and a half miles north-east of Coolgardie (WA.) in prac tically new country. o o o BARNEY NAUGHTON, 53, and John McCulley, 21, were killed instantly when a motor truck plunged over ah embank ment at Black Stump Creek, hear Coolah (N.S.W;) ,last' Tuesdaiy afternoon. An other man in- the truck, Charles Currey, escaped with slight injuries. THE POPULATION OF AUSTRALIA at June 30 was estimated at 6,775,360 — 3,432,259 males and 3,343,101 females. 0 0 o TO PREVENT OUTBURSTS of anti Semitism in London it has been arranged that special patrols of police will be on duty in the East End at night. .0 o o A MORE OPTIMISTIC feeling prevails regarding the position in Palestine, and it is even suggested that the Arab strike will terminate at the week-end. ;f- OOO ' PAN-AMERICAN AIRWAYS has an nounced that the San Franscisco-Hong Kong air service will begin on October 17. OOO MARSHAL DE BONO, who commanded the Italian forces in the Abyssinian cam paign, in a book he has written discloses that Mussolini planned the war in 1925. o 0 0 THE AUSTRIAN CHANCELLOR has dissolved the Fascist Heimwehr and ordered its incorporation in the State, militia. He thus becomes a virtual dic tator. JACK HURWICK, 14, a boy scout, was killed last Saturday when he fell off some rocks in dense scrub country at Chelten ham, near Sydney. ... . o o o THE LEADER of the Indian National Congress declared that the Congress would do all it could to wreck the new Constitution of India. 0 0 o 'THE TIMES' says that if Japan per sists in her methods towards China, the time will come when the latter will revolt against being frog-marched any further. o 0 0 GEORGE STEVENS, 19, was killed instantly* on Sunday afternoon when he was thrown from a moving motor lorry at Diibbo (N.S.W.). A wheel of the vehicle passed over his neck. o O O OVERSEA TRADE RETURNS for July arid August show an excess of imports totalling £4,061,000, compared with £2,759,000 for the corresponding period last year. O O o' IT IS REPORTED that radium has been discovered in the vicinity , of Coorin goora, about 14 miles from Bingara (NJ3.W.) . Operations are to be com menced to treat some of the stone. OOO LONDON 'NEWS-CHRONICLE,' says that the era in which cinema projectors will be as essential in churches as. organs is foreshadowed by the editor of the 'Methodist Times and Leader.' o o 0 THE OUTPUTS of rayon and staple fibre increased from 81,300, OOOlbs. in 1929 to 133,800,000ibs. last year. This is the result chiefly of the development of the industry in Italy and Germany. o o o IT IS STATED that the Australian war memorial at Villers Bretonneux will ' be the gem of all monuments on the French battlefields. OOO ' AN EXPLOSION OCCURRED , during blasting operations at. Balmairi, near Syd ney, last Thursday, and great boulders were hurled into the air, one of which killed George Cullen, 37, who was working in a shed about 100 yards away. .0 0 0 ARISING out of the death of Ruby Green, 22, at Dubbo (N.S.W.) on or about August 27 last, the district coroner last Thursday committed Inez Evelyn Clarke, a married women, for trial at the Dubbo Supreme Court on a charge of murder. THE MINISTER FOR DEFENCE (Sir Archdale Parkhill) predicts extensive de velopment of internal air services in Aus tralia within the next few years. O O O . WHALE MEAT may be, marketed on a large scale in Germany during the winter if the shortage of ordinary meat be comes acute. 0 o o THE TOTAL CASUALTIES during the Arab strike in Palestine exceeded 2500— 29 British, 80 Jews and 200 Arabs being killed. o o o PETER WORTH, 11, was knocked- down and killed by a motor car which got out of control on a road at Canley Vale (NS.W.) last night. o 0 0 . WHEAT JUMPED to. its highest price level since January, 1930, when sales were made at Melbourne last week-end at 5/1 a bushel. 0 0 o JOHN BRA.Y, 70, an inmate of . the Ovens Benevolent Home at Beechworth (V.) was killed last Friday evening when he was knocked down by a motor car. o o o JAMES COONE, 56, was found shot dead on the road near Maryborough (V.) late on Sunday night. On Monday after noon Harry Coone, 23, a son of the dead man, was arrested and charged with hav ing murdered his father. 000 W. READ, a Western Australian cyclist, made a fresh record for the journey from Fremantle to Sydney. He' covered the distance of 3007 miles in 18 days, 18 hours; 32 minutes. OOO DURING A NORTH-WESTERLY GALE a rail car was blown off the line at Wairarap.a (N.Z.) last Thursday. It contained 26 passengers, three of whom were injured. . ' ' o 0 0' MISS JEAN BATTEN arrived at Dar win on Sunday morning, having flown from England in five days 21 hours, beat ing the previous solo record, made by H. F. Broadbent, by 24 hours. 0 0 o FOLLOWING A VISIT of wireless in spectors to Broken Hill, 216 summonses were served on owners of wireless sets for having failed to obtain wireless licences. The fines imposed ranged from £1 to £6, with costs— in all £458/14/-. o o o MRS. JEANNIE GREENLEES WIGHT MAN, 80, of Toowong, near Brisbane (Q.), was run down by a motor truck near her home last Saturday morning. She died a few minutes later. 0 0 o SHOT NEAR the heart by a rifle which went off when he was cleaning it at Mel bourne on Sunday, Burnett Vivian Tilley, 17, staggered to his father and dropped dead at his feet. o 0 0 STANLEY STOKOE was killed, and Clif ford Ryan was severely injured when their drill struck an unexploded charge in the Napoleon mine at Bendigo (V.) last Sat urday. o o o THE, BODY OF JOHN BALY, 48, of Raymond Terrace (N.S.W.), was found with a gunshot wound in the head in a car at the rear of a garage at West Mait land last Saturday. Three, letters were found in the rear of the car. O O O MRS. EDNA ANDREWS, 61, wias found dead in her home at Auburn, near Sydney (N.S.W.), late last Friday night. Her skull had been smashed by some blunt instru ment. Her son, Harold Andrews, 37, was also attacked, but was unable to give any definite account of his assailant. , OOO HEAVY STORMS swept parts of South Island, New Zealand, last Friday, and a great deal of damage was done. Four cottages at the village of Kairaki, at the mouth of the Waimakariri River, were swept out to sea. There were heavy floods at Greymouth, and many , houses had to be vacated. O O O DANIEL CONAGHAN, an aged relief worker, was burnt to death when his hut at Coniston, near Wollongong (N.S.W.), was destroyed by fire last Saturday night. Thomas Miller, who shared the hut . with Conaghan, was found suffering* from minor burns. . ' ~ r» n n ? r ^ ?. AT PERTH last Friday, Michael Joseph O'Sullivan, 29, was committed for ! trial on a charge of the wilful murder of his son, Dixie Clement O'Sullivan, aged three years. A statement made by the- father contained ah , alleged- confession that he had shot the boy with a rifle to put an end to the child's suffering. ,x ; * 00.0 WITH TWO HEAVY electric batteries strapped to his sfde, William Wakefield, 48, fell frofii a window , of a building in Flinders-street, Melbourne, a distance of 45 feet, last Friday! He died soon after wards. Wakefield had been considerably worried over his 'financial affairs. o o o ' , ; FOUR YOUTHS, members of a hiking party, were lost1 for. several days in the Grose Valley, Blue Mountains (NrS.W.) . A search party found them in an ex .hausted condition- last Thursday. They were: John Bermingham, 22; Gerald Bermingham, 17; John Rogers, 19, all of Bellevue Hill; and. Frederick lane, 17, of, Randwick, near Sydney. ' . i IT IS REPORTED that four Man chukuo soldiers were killed and five wounded in a clash with Soviet troops. ' o o o CONSIDERABLE DAMAGE was done by 'fire last week'to N.S.W. State forests' in the Wyong, Kempsey and Taree ais-' tricts. ° ° o **THE TIMES' states that it is under stood that the report of the Royal Com mission on the manufacture of arms opposes the nationalisation of armament manufacture. o o o ALLEN E. MINKIN, 31, solicitor, of Innisfail (Q.), was drowned on Sunday at Paronella Park, near Innisfail. He could not swim, and, getting out of h :.s depth, sank before he could be rescued. .0 o o F. McMAHON arid Edward T. Connor were killed and fifteen others were in jured when a motor truck skidded and overturned ori a road near Orbost (V.) on Monday. The men were all relief workers proceeding from Orbost to Buchan. OOO IT ' IS REPORTED that Chinese, British and Australian interests are co operating to offset Japan's boycott on Australian wool by establishing big woollen mills in Hongkong. 0 o o THE CONSUL-GENERAL FOR DEN MARK (Mr. G. L. Host) is considering the possibility of Danish immigrants tak ing over abandoned and other holdings on group . settlements in the south-west districts of Western Aust^ii.H. Heavy falls of snow caused a complete stoppage of work. Hydro-Electric Commission, Tarraleah, Tasmania, 1936. 