RECOVERED BY] TWO-THIRDS I Leeway Caused By Depression Australia's Position At 1 lie weekly meeting of the Rock- hampton Hot.* ry Club on Wednesday, there was a laigc attendance of mern hers and vi-itors, ineiudii.« about 15 Diggora, led by Mr W. H. Parker, pre- sident nf the Anzac Club. There were also present Professor ,1. B. Brigden and his secretary (Mr Franklin). Professor Brigden apologised for thc pessimistic subject of " Depression,'' on which lie delivered a very able and in- structive address. He stated inter alia that Australia had now recovered to thc extent of about two-thirds of thc leeway caused by the depression which commenced in 1929-1930. The policy of extensive pub- lic worts throughout thc land lind been justified. Although the public debt had increased by about £138,000,000 within the last six years of depression, this sum was considerably less than during the preceding aix years, when there was no depression. The question of export was a very important ono, as every 1 per cent of Australian export amounted to £1.000;. 000 a year. Although the public debt hod been increased by the £138,000,000, the lee- way could really be said to be £58,000, 000, liccause about £80,000,000 of war debt due to Kngland and America had become practically cancelled. The interest bill stayed at £45,000,000, much less than formerly, due to re- arrangements and conversions of loans, and this also was helpful towards gene ral recovery. However, additional help could not he looked for in public works, SR the maxi- mum limit in this direction bad now been reached. Renewed immigration would not itself be a panacea for the country's ills, in- ns much as the gross cost of each immi- grant, taking loan expenditure into con- sideration, was alrout £500. EXPORT PRICES. Export prices were recovering in all directions, except perhaps in the meat market, but were overladen hy the world's depressing condition. Fear of what might happen in the future de- terred nations as well as individuals from progress. Warlike preparations might cause inflation for a time. The greatest menace was economic. The i world market waa not responding to the country's commercial preparations I because most countries are feverishly i stimulating production within their own I borders so as to be self-contained in the i event of war. English beef, for in stance, cost Od. per lb. to produce. Economic nationalism, so much in evi- dence today, was subversive of modern international intercourse. Wool, for in- stance, was largely useless in a self contained Australia, which must be able to export it to other countries. Wheat .-an bc more profitably grown in the large areas of Australia, Argentine, and Canada than in Germany, yet the Germans are soid to be growing wheat between Potsdam and Berlin at a cost of lis. por bushel. A GREAT PROBLEM. Tiie unpopulated north of Australia was n great problem. The speaker somewhat jocularly suggested tihat with such over-production of necessaries soon no country would be prepared to have Australia's surplus production dumped on ÜB shores and vice versa. A bril- liant suggestion would be to dump the unemployed in the Northern Territory and feed thom on the dumpings of other countries. This absurd extravag- ance showed in what a variety of chan- nels thoughts might run on these very involved and intricate problems. There was a hope that, failing Thc Lennie of Nations, some other inter- national bodv (and it was noted, inter alia, that Rotary was a world-wide movement) would secure or achieve the world's peace. Those who survived thc next Great War. if there wa« one. would be interested to see thc end of thc stupid race of armaments. However, out of thia armament ace there would 'pring a fresh demand for Australia's products, and some ¡rood, therefore, might nrisc out of evil, Whan the Germans, for instance, bought Danish butter, being short of that com- modity themselves, they eased the Eng- lish morkct for Australian butler. As for the menace of war, we might consider ourselves fortunate to lie so far away from thc present possible theatres of war, and they might by distance escape from at least the im- mediate horrors of another world con- flagration. " A strong League of Na- tions is our only hope,'* he said. "The position is so serions that it is too serious not to bc taken seriously ! " Professor ltrigden's speech was a good commentary on present-day affairs as nnVHing Australia, contint, as it did from snell an eminent authority on these matters. 