REGENT THEATRE Shirley Sparkles in New Film "The Littlest Rebel" Clad iu pantalettes and criuolines, Shirley Temple is currently enacting the most lovable of Con federates in that grand story of the Civil War. "Tbe Littlest Rebel." which will be shown at the K-ee-ent next Wednesday and Thursday {Xew Year's Eve)- Because of its dramatic sus- pense and its many scenes of tender pathos, - The Littlest Rebel, gives Shirley her first real opportunity as ;i dramatic actress, while her capacity for song, dance and laughter never fails to astonish and delight audiences. The picture, from Darryl F- Zanuek's 20th Century-Fox Studios, follows closely the outlines of the famous play from which it was adapted. John Boles and Karen Moriey play Shirley's jjarents, while Jack Ilolt is cast as the gallant Cnion officer who attempts to aid Shirley and her father in an escape after her mother succumbs to the rigors of war- The dramatic force of the picture is heightened by the interludes of song and dance. Bill Robinson, the. lovably champion of tap dance: again assists little JSharley ill a series of intricate and delightful tontines- Her songs, including tliat beautiful classic "I" VII Thy Endearing- Young Charms," are highlighted' by a new nimiberl ""Polly Wolly Doodle." bv Sidney Clare and B- <jr- DeSylva. who als 0 served as assistant producer on the picture. Guinu Wiliains. Willie Best and Frank Mc Glynn. sen-, are important members of the featured cast of thi* picture. directed by David. Butler. - "My / Mamage," Supporting Film The stories behind the gripping headlines of today's newspapers.- the icy hauteur and snobbery of! society's elite; the menace of the nndmvorki—things create the dramatic situ-r/ous of the enthraising Fox picture "My Marriage. "" which will be be at '.he Regenl. o:i Wednesday and" Thursday next in support o£ "The Littlest liebel-" With Claire Trevor in the leading role—more lovely and effective than ever .before—it tells of a girl who silently endured the ostracism and persecution of soci- <ty because of tlie strange * death <jf her father; hut. wl.o uncovered sjecrets that were social dj^iaiaite. to win-back the love of the man she Ioved- . New Year's Night and January 2nd "Ship Cafe." Carl Brissou, Paramount actor, sought realism for his new screen role as ship, stoker . by spending much of hi= tii.ie with the "black gang" iu the stokehold, cf a ship in order to get the pro ey feeling and background of his part. _ The..Danish starts featured opjxisite. Arline Judge in Paramount's comedy drama with ulusic. ''Ship Cafe." which comes to the Regent on January 1st and 2nd. The story deals with the adventures of Brisson.~ "a *-stoker,, who becomes /the bouncer in a waterfront dive and makes the p^ace an.overnight society rendezvous by knocking out a champion boxer who visits the club outtj evening with a parly <»f highbrow friends. When 1he regular featured entertainer in "the cafe takes ill one night Bnisson steps into the breach and himself becomes the restuarant's singing sensation. A countess takes an interest Hi-liimJ promises' him- a-jjuge .salary in a swanky club, and promptly, makes him her gigolo- Many hilarious episodes result when Brisson is brought to a realisation * of. ,his position, and renounces his bqne- factress- The other picture ou this programme will be Joe E- Browit- in "Alibi Ike.'" Wednesday, January 6th New Jane Withers Film About tin* .adventmw of ih ciuuiingcst colleen over broright to the screen. 'Taddy O 'Day/' the new Fox picture which shows at the Regent Theatre on Wednesday, January 6th, weaves a story of rapid fire song, dance and comedy with a heart tug- Jane Withers star of "Ginger" and "This is tlie Life," heads the new production, with Pinky Tomliu, Rita Cansiuo, Jane Darwell and George• Givot backing her up. The story of Paddy O 'Day" follows the fascinating and often heart warming adventures of ; motherless lit tie Irish immigrant recently arrived in New York- A1 though she has run away from the immigration authorities at Ellis Island, numerous kindly people befriend her- Finally Phiky Tonilin, eccentric young heir t . millions, gives her refuge in his house- It is Jane's influence that creates a romance between Ton lin and Cansino and which gets them all involved in the .Russian show of that excitable impressario. George Givot. The film finds it climax in the happy culmination of the l'oinanee.. and the finding of a permanent home for the little girl- "Keep Thai Twinkle in Toir Eye,"' "I Like a Balalaika" and ''Changing My Ambitions" are the names of some of the cateliy tunes that feature 4 'Paddy O'- Day." "Charlie Chan's Secret" Shiver and gasp as you may have at the previous pictures of ithe Charlie Chan series, you will find new and unexpected thrills iu r Charlie Chan's Secret," as Warner Oland unravels a baffling mur-1 der mystery iu the Fox picture, iviiich shows at the Kegeut Theatre on Wednesday, January 6th, with " Paddy 0 'Day-" Weaving his web in a houiie of death, the bland Chinese detective solves San Francisco's most baf fling murder mystery in this new ijiieture, while he defies a band of sinister killers- Suspense, thrills, surprise fill every scene of this act ion-packed story from beginning to end- Friday and Saturday, January 8th and 9th "Under Two Flags" Motion picture fans who breathlessly followed Ronald Cohnan in "Beau Geste," and who adored Claudette Colbert in "It Happened One Night." have a great new treat in store for them in "Under Two Flags." It is the picture which brings these two ma:n t itans of the screen together in roles that surpass even the most magnificent of their past triumphs Produced under the direct supervision of Darryl "F." Zanuckt)iis drama of surging .power, tumultuous love and searing conflict set in the Saliara, "Under Two Flags" comes to the Regent Theatre on Friday and Saturday, January Sth and 9th- Miss Colbert plays the role of "Cigarette" iu this aiJS'ptatioa- of. Ouiida's immortal story of the French Foreign Legiou- A lovely fl,irt. she toys with the affections of Victor McLaglen. Legionnaire major-' until she meets Colman: a _ jrteniber of ih^rajik%i Then she inclusively loses her heart to him- The drama ga ; ns in power and intensity with the appearance of Rosalind Russell, fragile English beauty- Before he^p strl out to the desert to help stem an Arab revolt. iColniau has declared his love for her. liennsol in by hostile forces, ijcLaglen vengefully attempts to destroy"Colman whom he believes Stands between liii i^elf and Miss Colbert- But Cohnan saves., his f^rce by a daring ruse, and a magnificent charge of the Legion, led by Miss Collvrt. rendts in the defeat of the Arab forces- The magnificent supporting cast of forty character stars includes -sueh prominent piayors as Gregory Ra1offr"W?*i : Brnec, €• Hairy Gordon and J. Edward liromherg- Frank Lloyd directed this unusual sijectacle with its t¥ir7u4a®ls of extras and its sweeping and magnificent backgrounds. 