MORE DOMINIONS TRADE BRITAIN'S NEW AGREEMENTS (Courier-Mail Spcoial Correspondent) LONDON, April JS». MORE favourable treatment for the Dominions is expected as a result of Britain's examination of the benefits of the Ottawa .'agreements ana oi ner ioreign .trade treaties. ? . , At the commencement of the , British-Australian trade negotia tions the Commonwealth Ministers .(Mr. Menzies and Dr. Page) sub mitted a memorandum suggesting that Britain should examine the . -results, of all her foreign trade ' treaties, several of which are due r-'for renewal, as' it was felt that \- such an examination would reveal ; that the benefits of the Ottawa ?agreements exceeded that of ?Britain's foreign agreements. ?- '. The British representatives have 1 now completed the suggested survey, ? 'and- as a result it is understood that the whole British agricultural policy ?'is being reconsidered. Pending the completion of this . -policy the British representatives will not sign any new foreign agreements. The Danes are to return to London on May 11 to again discuss the Anglo Danish treaty, the renewal of which will be limited to three months as a temporary measure. The renewal of the Anglo-Argentine agreement, which Dr. Le Breton (the Argentine Ambassador In Paris) is at present discussing with the Board of Trade, is also unlikely to be settled until the discussions with Mr. Menzies and Dr. Page are completed. Long-term Plan The Australian Ministers' memoran ' -4um 'j comprehended a long-term rationalisation between British and Australian industries, whereby British goods which cannot be manufactured in Australia would enter the Com monwealth duty free, while Australia would retain the market for goods that can be manufactured economic ally in the Commonwealth. The Australian Ministers would like this complementary production agree ment to continue for ten years, as it would guarantee Britain a market, and encourage British investment. They believe also that it would improve agricultural prices, enable the Com monwealth to increase its purchases from Britain, and simultaneously create prosperity in the Common wealth with a consequential resump tion of immigration. The British ex amination of this scheme has reached an advanced stage. Unpopular Schemes The agricultural schemes of the ? Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Elliot), which are aimed at increasing prices for home producers and regulating : ? foreign and Dominion imports, have become unpopular. Many fanners and distributors advocate the abandon ment of the Milk Marketing Board, the Potato Marketing Board is in difficul ties, the Pig Board scheme has only partially succeeded, and the sugar subsidy is unpopular. The Government, replying to a flood of criticism, pleaded that the schemes ?were experimental, but the present ' moment is considered opportune for their revision, because 14 foreign agreements are due for renewal. . Defence Aspect Furthermore, the defence situation demands reconsideration of the nation's food reserves. Some critics urge the immediate establishment of granaries to ensure at least six months' supplies, but the Conserva tives, believing that Britain, as a last resort, must rely on her own agricul ture, are pressing the Government to increase the home production. In consequence of the unpopularity and the partial breakdown of the mar keting schemes, the termination of the foreign agreements, and the necessity for providing defence supplies, the Government is expected completely to reconsider the subject of food produc tion. Probably it will prepare a new Bill, with a long-term policy, as one of the principal parliamentary measures ? for the new session after November. Home Producers Anxious : The Council of the National Farmers' Union has sent a letter to the Prime Minister (Mr. Baldwin) stating that the British farmers are disappointed and anxious because no comprehensive agricultural policy has so far been sub mitted to Parliament. The union considers that the whole situation is dominated by the question whether the Ottawa and other agree ments will be so modified as to enable the home-producer to secure first place in the home market. The farmers fear ?that when the fresh trade agreements are arranged the home agricultural in terests will again be sacrificed, and Mr. Baldwin is asked to receive a deputa tion on the matter. Pacific Trade Conference CANBERRA, Tuesday. Proposals that Australia, Japan, and .the United States should hold a Pacific trade conference, either at Canberra, Tokio, or Washington, is regarded as impracticable by the Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons). He said to-day ?that the suggestion had not been brought under his notice officially, and he doubted whether the idea would be welcomed by any of the three powers. ' ..... 