?Mr. H. C Carter, MX- A., Abroad (HIS REPORTS CONCERNING VARIOUS MATTERS ENQUIRED INTO WHILE . IN ENGLAND AT THE REQUEST OF THE HON. HUGH MAIN, MINISTER' FOR AGRICULTURE) No. 1 ..'?;. t ? The Selection and Training of Suitable Lads who could be brought to Australia and further Trained with a view, to eventually being Employed upon the Land. A few days after my arrival in England, on March 23, 1936, I ar ranged to meet Mr. Heath. I placed before him the list of subjects Ihut I was requested to inquire into and asked thai I should be supplied With some assistance in collecting the in formation required. I was informed that the staff at Wellington House was fully occupied preparing for the approaching visit of the Premier, tuat it was the Premier's intention to en quire into most of the matters net down for my investigation, and that in view of these circumstances it would. 'Jbe best for me to await Mr. Stevens' arrival before taking any ac tion! As no assistance was forth coming from Wellington House at this stage, I decided to make inde pendent investigations as far as op portunities would permit, but to get the departmental view, if possible, I wrote to Mr. Heath setting forth the various matters referred to, and questions regarding them, framed in such a way that some of the infor mation would be forthcoming. A list of them, with replies, is attached. Later, I found that the Premier was dealing extensively with some sub jects, including Boy Immigration, and that it would not be possible for me to engage in them without some con fusion. With reference to the selec tion and training of lads for farm work in Australia, the Wellington House reply read — 'When Australia is ready to resume assisted migra tion, I have no doubt that suitable boys of the right type will be forth coming; they should be selected by officers sent over from Australia who are competent, and know the require ments of rural districts in Austra lia.' I cannot subscribe to the first half of this reply. If Australia is not ready now, with her millions of acres of land that are almost unproductive, when will she be ready ? About this time an article appeared in one of the leading London papers stating that Mr. Lee, a representa tive of the Sydney Chamber of Manu facturers, had expressed his opinion to the effect that agricultural immi gration was not wanted in Australia, only migrants for work in secondary industries. From observations both in England and Scotland, I have been led to the conclusion that there are very few suitable youths offering as migrants at the present time. The prating of scaremongers who say Australia is a land of droughts and false hopes, of those that want the continent to re main a sheep's walk, and of those who seem to have no vision beyond the streets of the capital cities, have given' the average Britisher an al together wrong idea of Australia and its possibilities, while the special fea tures of New South Wales are over looked altogether. To counteract this and bring about a better understand ing of Empire problems, I think it is highly important that more about the Empire and its possibilities should be taught in the schools of Britain. I was not able to contact with the Minister for Education, the Hon. H. Drummond, M.L.A., after his ar rival in England, but I wrote him my views concerning this matter before I left. I also expressed these views when speaking in public and with English friends who are interested in education. I found very little unem ployment amongst the youth of Eng land outside of the mining areas; it being quite a common thing to see notices exhibited in London and other cities and towns, 'Boy Wanted,' and not removed for some days. A couple ?-f years ago a notice of this kind would have produced a queue of waiting lads. There are doubtless many venture some spirits amongst the youths of England who would make excellent agricultural and pastoral settlers and workers in the Dominions, more especially amongst the younger sons of farmers who have little opportunity for advancement at home, but by some means they must be instilled with the wish to travel and the will to succeed, and I know of no better way than by educating them in such a way that they become Empire minded. A few enthusiasts are ?work- ing upon schemes for boy immigra tion to other States, and are meeting with a measure of success; but it must be remembered that these States have not nearly the opportunities to offer that New South Wales has. To deal with this question in common with many others concerning New South Wales and Australia, it is im portant that there should be a body in England with authority to, and 'npable of, dealing with any matter that arises, that is antagonistic to Australia, to correct incorrect Press statements and to bring about a bet ter understanding through the Press with Empire problems and Empire possibilities in quite a different man ner to that in which they are being tackled to-day. No. a- '.?'???:?.?-'?.' Prospects of Increased Trade in Honey with the United Kingdom ' and of Types Preferred by British Consumers. The handling of honey and the manner in which Australian honey is placed upon the English market, leaves much to be desired. Exporters of honey from Australia should re member that the whole world (ex cepting perhaps Australia) sends its best to Britain, and if Australian goods are to meet goods of other countries in successful competition, then the best that Australia can pro duce must be forwarded to that market. In London shops there are exhibited beautiful samples of amber looking honey, nicely got up in glass containers, from rux'al England, Con tinental countries and Canada. New South Wales can produce honey just as clear and bright and good, but it is not finding its way into the Eng lish market. I was advised before leaving Australia that large quanti ties of the best N.S. Wales honey are being sold to tobacco manufac turers in Australia; while dark, cloudy honey, the product of coastal regions from apple and ti-tree flow ers, is being exported. That certainly was the type of honey that I saw at Australia House. Honey that, in my opinion, should only be exported and sold to chemists and confectioners for commercial use — debarred alto gether from household consumption. I saw some very fine samples of Ca nadian honey in comb. The squares (with wooden frames attached) are packed in celophane, which looks very attractive, and sells readily at from 10M to 1/- per lb.; while honey in glass containers is sold at 6d per lb., or lOd for a 21b. jar. Australia House, when I first went to England, only had Western Australian and Victorian honey on exhibition. This was remedied later, and some New South Wales honey added. At Wel lington House there were samples of 'Thistle' and 'Clover' candied honey. This apparently had been treated in some way and looked like dirty putty, although fE may have been quite palatable. It certainly did not compare at all favorably in looks with honey from other countries upon view in shops in various parts of the city. Judging by the manner in which many of our exports are packed, there is a lamentable amount of ignorance or want of understand ing upon the part of shippers, in that goods are sent over in containers that are not fashionable, or whose sizes are not such as the public require and favour. This particularly applies to honey. This product should be care fully graded, and only first-class honey allowed to be sold for table use and all lower grades sold for commer cial purposes; otherwise careless or , unscrupulous agents and retailers | will, by offering the low-grade article, ? continue to bring the better produce into disrepute and hamper distribu- \ tion. This lesson can be learned , from the manner in which Danish i butter and bacon has been handled, and the wonderful strides New Zea land butter has made since it has been standardised and the lower grades sold for commercial purposes only. Some steps should also be taken to prevent the dilution of Aus tralian honey. If it has to be treated or diluted it should be sold as treated honey, and the fact branded plainly upon the containers. I will now quote, verbatim, the opinions expressed by the manager of the canned goods department of a large wholesale distributing firm. This agrees in the main with other opinions, although in a few minor details they disagree: 