NURSE'S ADVENTURES > IN ^MANS}' LANDS. . World Tour ON A MOTOR SHIP. Miss Cecilia Lutken, of Copenhagen, who arrived in Sydney on the motor ship Siam last week, and left later to continue a world tour which began five months ago, has had an adventurous life. Miss Lutken, who is 71 years of age, has been travelling for the past ten years, after 30 years as an army nurse in the service of Denmark. WHEN she retired from nursing at the age of 60, Miss Lutken resolved to satisfy her love* for -travel, and nearly every year since has embarked on one of the various vessels belong- ing to the Siam's line for a visit to different parts of the world. She has been to Africa, and has travelled through Morocco and the Sudan. China and- the East have a particular at- traction for her, for she has been lhere six times, and she has also visited North and South .America.* .-?>»<-« --? ' . * """* RELIEF WORK IN EUROPE. This is ,jher nrst visit 'to* Australia, which she th'inkj felwonderfulicountryl '. ", Sitting'in a snug corner on the sunny deck of the Siam, she related some of her experiences düriñetlier years 'as a nurse, and some of the places she has visited since her retirement. Miss Lutken spoke little of the war years, when she .was. superintendent of the Danish Military Nursing Service, but she had much to say con- cerning their aftermath ¡n Europe. """In addition to being an army nurse, I was head of the Danish Ked Cross," she "said, "and was engage'd in relief work in Hungary. Con- ditions there were terrible. The people had no food, and no means of getting any. They had no clothes. Men and women weie half-naked. There was no bedding, and when babies were bom there were no clothes oi blankets to wrap around them. In Budapest children were starving, and roamed the streets in mobs in search of food. I went to Hungary with eight railway waggons full of clothes that had been given by the people of Denmark, and remained there on relief work as long as the money lasted, but conditions were terrible when 1 left. In fact, they are bad even to-day." In 1932 she was In Shanghai during the attack by the Japanese. The city was practically a shambles, and, though she was there on holidays, she did what she could to assist in the rescue work. "Hospitals were crowded with Chinese sol- diers, some of them terribly mutilated," she said. "I had five years of war, but the scenes I saw there moved me deeply. Dead and dying filled the streets, and there were not enough Red Crass workers to cope with the wounded." ERUPTION OF ETNA. And then she calmlv turned the calenda i back 25 years to the time of the dreadlul eruption of Etna in 1908. She was spending a holiday in Sicily at the time, but hurried to join in the rescue work at Naples. "That must have been one of the greatest disasters the world has known," said Miss Lutken. "Thousands of people were killed in five minutes. The volcano erupted, and there was an earth- quake as well. Naples was a scene of hopeless confusion. It seemed a wonder that anyone could have lived, and in truth there were comparatively few who escaped without injuries of some kind. We nursed thousands. Hospital accommodation was limited, for many buildings had been destroyed, but we improvised dressing stations and temporary MISS LÜTKEN, photographed on the deck of the Siam last week. hospitals out of anything, while many ships that carne to the rescue also took charge of many of the Injured." COMMENT ON AUSTRALIA. Miss Lucken says the Australians she has met have proved to be among the kindest and most hospitable in the world. Time has prevented her visiting the shops, or studying the young people or Australian social conditions, but she has seen much of the country. The Siam called first at Geraldton, in Western Australia, and since has touched at Perth, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. "Sydney is the finest city in Australia," Miss Lucken said enthusiastically, lapsing a little from che perfect English she had used in her calmer moments. "Your bridge and the Blue Mountains -ah, they are all beautiful. So are the other capitals I have seen. They are beautifully situated, but they lack-what is it you say-they lack character. They are too new, but time will mend that. Style and character will come with the years." And Australia itself? "It is a pity to see such a land with so few people," she added. "You should open your gates and get people from other lands. A country such as this cannot prosper when there are those great open spaces. At home in Denmark, and in other parts of Europe, every- thing is so crowded. There are no colonies, and the people have nowhere to go. Unemployment is the problem, too, for machines are taking tin place of men. Australia needs immigrants." The only woman on the Siam, Miss Lutken U occupying the owner's suite, and is thoroughly enjoying her trip. Officers and men are good to her, she says, and at every port she has been taken for picnics and motor tours by residents From Sydney the Siam went to Brisbane, but Miss Lutken did not know the subsequent route She cares little, for she has her knitting, and the blue water she loves, and so is happy jusi to travel on. 