Carlo" and "Bright Lights SHOOK HANDS WITH HITLER STREET SINGER'S EXPERIENCES To have shaken hands with Heir Hitler for a wager of two pounds, posed with Gracie Fields and met and -mjoyed conversation with Rockfeller, w (, re experiences met with by Malpas, h'bf-trotting troubadour, who is ^^'^m^ng his way round the wond. In an interview with a retentative of the "Northam Adver- J ist.,.v on ^otulav just beforc hc k.ft ,•„. Iv,., hi Mai pas described how he ; anK. t(l .hake hands with llerr 11 itj,.,-. This was in October. 19-T1, lie stated, and following lhe laying of a wager of two pounds with a Lmidon journalist stationed in Berlin, lie was assisted by a young Nazi officei to reach the Chancellory and there he waited until Herr Hitler's car '''Verged, then ]rushed ^ forward _ and seized his hand. He shook his hand lie was turning away J'lom the car he was struck on the head with the flat •>!' a Storm Trooper's sword. Malpas ! K. aid nothing more of the incident, which he stated was prominently featui cd in the English I ress. Arrested in Germany. In G rmauy he found that the Press was very conservative with regard to publicity concerning the \ i.- it ot giobe trollers. He was arrested for attempting to cros> inlu Denmark I gainst lhe Danish Consul's orders! without a passport. He had disguis- 1 ed himself as a German youth ' and I displayed several Nazi badges on his coat. He was arrested on the fiord at Colon and was imprisoned in Flens- I,U , 'K 'or a lew days, being finally released through the influence of a r , rK ' n,1 lie also met De 1- Valera and t - hou^1\ t h'm to be, as a man, the ln ^ u l, e y er The object Malpas has is to broaden his mind and to gain experience with V]cw t() (, nibarkino- 0I) fi lni work. iIu first commenced his cycling and street j dnging lour around the world in lu:jl j iml has sung in '-'J countries. He j irrived back from Berlin iu Augu>l i sf last year and after touring Tasmania began a second trip around Australia, lie has now arrived overland from Darwin travelling via Meekatharra and Kalgoorlie and cached Northam on Thursday night. He left on Monday afternoon and expects to arrive in Perth at noon on Wednesday. sings for J1 hours each day and has already covered 1 2 2 .not) miles, (U.(.)()() mile's by sea. lit,(MM) by cycle and the remaining 12.001) miles he has covered by means «»f lifts. He is 2«» years of age and comes from Melbourne. Durii his four of America in | Januar> f'J'Je, he met Rockfeller at I Winter Haven, Ormond Beach, which ! five miles from Daytona Beach, Florida. Rockfeller was very inter- toI d , him Was n lro u bK' U. refer to him. The same dav h arrested for a ,ni nor breach and told the police to let ockfeller know. They failed to take his statenK, nt Sc L-iou;-lv and offered to ring the Prince of Wales and tell him of his trouble. Later he spent a period of five weeks in Hollywood. Sang in Parliament. Whilst in Sacramento, California, he was singing in the street when he was invited by a member of the Legislature to visit the Capital where, in the Assembly room, he sang "Paddy McGinty's Goat." As a result a petition to Will Rogers was drawn up and signed by every member present asking him to get' him on to the screen as it was considered that he had sufficient vocal taient. He presented the petition co Will Rogers but at the time feeling against the British was running high as a result of the curtailment of the War Debts payments and the immigration authcritics refused Rogers' request. He was invited to return to Hollywood at a futc, (1 (latc hu1 has docid\ ld U) i ; concentrate on British films. It is his ' intention to leave for Berlin for the Olympic Games in a few weeks' time, working his passage, after which he will endeavour to get a start with British films, working in a menial capacity to commence. Malpas wears as his lucky charm the dress ring which belonged to his mother who died in September last, four days '' fter he arrived in Europe. ^ ^ £ and he stated that lie had enjoyed a very friendly reception from the people during his stay. 