PERSONAL Lady Dugan was present at the open ing of the Ballet at the Theatre Royal yesterday evenine. The Postmaster-General (Senator McLachlan) leit foe Melbourne by tbe express last night. The Minister of Education (Mr. Jetfnes) will visit schools at Atbel stone, Campbclltown, and Payneham on Friday. On I=liday, October 23 he will attend a combined schools Centen ary demonstration at Maitland. The Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Hudd) will attend the Strathalbyn Show today. The liord Mayor (Mr. Cain) will visit tbe Labor Day sports on tbe Jubilee Oval at 350 p.m. todav. in the even ing he will attend the City Council em ployes' concert at the Town Hall. The leader of the Opposition (Mr. Lacey) and Mrs. Lacey left for Port Pirie yesterday evening to attend the Labor Day functions there today. They will return to Adelaide tomorrow morning. Owing to a breakdown in health, Mr. J. W. Bell. Deputy Commissioner of the Repatriation Commission (South Aus tralian branch) has been granted ex tended sick leave, and Mr. H. G. Turner has been appointed to act as deputy commissioner during his absence. Sir Lenncn Haws, who arrived in Adelaide on Monday: returned to Mel bourne by the express last night. The Bishop of Dornakal, India (the Right Rev. Dr. Azariah), is a passenger to Australia by the Orion, -which reached Fremantle yesterday. He is coming by train to Adelaide, where he will attend the United Centenary Mis sionary Exhibition at the end of this month. The chairman oi the literature com mittee of the Institutes Association (Mr. S, Talbot Smith), and Mr H. J. Emslie (secretary). will leave tomorrow morning for Whyalla. on an inspection tour of institutes on the West Coast They will spend the ?week-end at Port Lincoln, working round afterwards to Ceduna. Streaky Bay, and Kyancutta. and returning by way of Iron Knob and Port Augusta at the end of next week. The president of the association (Sir William Sowden) will endeavor to join the party at Port Lincoln. At a meeting of the South Australian Employers' Federation yesterday, the chairman of directors of T J Tuvtmrric and Sons, Ltd., {Mr.. H. C. Richards) was nominated as a representative of the employers on. the Board of Indus try, during the absence from the State of the secretary of the federation (Mr. G. Hebbert Boykett). The president cf the South Aus tralian Employers' Federation (Mr. W. T. Role), and Mr. Fred Walsh (vice president), left by the express last night to attend a meeting of tbe Coun cil of Employers of Australia in Mel bourne. The industrial officer of the South Australian Employers' Federation (Mr D. S. y?lland) left by the express last night for Melbourne to attend the Federal Arbitration Court for tbe near ing of the builders' laborers case. Mr. S. J. Jacobs, of Glenelg, who has been in the Warringa Private Hos pital, Glenelg, will return borne at tbe end of the week, as his condition lias improved considerably. . ? ? The Bev. A. DePledge Sykes, of Adelaide, who was in charge of tbe Claxemont parish daring the absence of tbe Rev. John Bell, lector of Christ Church, on a visit to Great Britain and the Continent, left for Adelaide last night by train, says a Perth message. Mr. G. L. Hoest. Consul-General for Denmark, left Perth by train last night for Albany, says a Perth message. H* has examined the group. settlements - with the idea of introducing Danish immigrants into the State. Mr. C. Jinarajadasa, the Indian phi losopher and author, will arrive in Adelaide tomorrow morning by tbe Or monde from Melbourne. He is inter national lecturer of the Theosophi'¥ al Society, and will give public lectures in Stow Hall on Friday and Sunday even ings. At the quarterly meeting of the Cen tral Methodist Mission on Monday night, it was resolved to invite the Rev. S. Forsyth and the Rev. P. White to continue their work, at the mission for a further twelve months. At the end of this year, they will have completed eight years in the mission. - Passengers who joined the Ascanius, which sailed from the Outer Harbor yesterday for England, included Messrs. G. H. Exeter and J. Kay, Mrs. E. Keu nedy and Misses R. C. McGowan anc H, M. Buchanan. Among the passengers on the Orion, which arrived at Fremantle yesterday, were the following:—Sir George Tallis, director of J. & N. Tait, accompanied by his son John, who has been study ing music in Paris and London for the past five years; Mr. H. G. Darling, chairman of directors of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, who is returning to Melbourne with his wife and familv after a holiday visit to Britain; Mr. J. Merrett, member of the Australian Meat Board, who is returning with his wife to Sydney after a world tour dur ing which he investigated many aspect!)' of the meat industry; Lord and Lady Waleran^ who are on a honeymoon tour to New Zealand; Mr. R. H. Heywood, who for the past eight years has been Commonwealth Veterinary Officer in London; Sir Stephen Morrell, cf Mel bourne, who is returning with lady Morrell from London; and Sir Sydney Snow and Lady Snow, who are return, ing to Sydney from Britain. Pas sengers booted for Adelaide are:—Lord and Lady Waleran. Mesdames A. M. Osborne. J. Brownell, M. Murray, Miss IW. H. Woodman, Sir Sydney Snow, Dr. |P. C. Brett. Messrs. A. R. Clack, H. Cook. C. Wood, H. A. Bull. J. E. Savage, I C. Waterhouse and C. J. McNeiL | Mr. David Unaipon, the aboriginal lecturer, passed through Adelaide yes- terday on his way to Kalgoorlie. He is travelling under the auspices of the Australian Board of Missions of the Anglican Church, and will give public lectures on behalf of the members of his race. The following passengers travelled !on Adelaide Airways planes yesterday: —Adelaide to Mount Gambler, Mr. J. Saunders: Mildura to Adelaide, Mr. J. E. Crozier, Adelaide to Melbourne; Mr, j Ralph Smith; Renmark to Adelaide, I Messrs. G. McPherson, W. J. Casey, F. Bradford; Melbourne to Adelaide.-Mrs. F. Wcodhouse, Messrs. F. C. Beaumont. D. Bollingall, L. Dobben. 