IMMIGRATION AND LAND SETTLEMENT. ? w ? The two burning questions in N.S.W. at the present time are immigration and closer settlement. In each case, however, the objection lias been ad vanced that the difficulty of finding overseas markets will be accentuated. AVhat is th^ use, it is asked, of putting ?more men on the land, if we cannot dispose of the surplus primary commo dities nlrenrtv beinp1 nroduc.erl ? One of the last .to ask this question is Dr. W. G. K. Duncan, Director of \- Sydney University Tutorial Classes. Dr. Duncan goes further. The world, he states, is endeavoring to become more. and more self-sufficient; quotas, tariffs and restrictions of all kinds are becoming more and more popular, and Australia will have to fight hard to re tain those markets she at present holds. . On the surface this argument sounds highly plausible. The world, as a whole, by reason, mainly, of the war clouds which are hovering so menac ingly over Europe is pursuing, more feverishly than ever the mad policy of 1 economic nationalism. The point at is sue, so far as Australia is concerned, however, is not what the Avorld as a ? whole is doing, but, rather, what Aus tralia's customers and potential custo mers intend to do. First of all,, let us consider the posi tion and attitude of our best customer, Great Britain. Despite the efforts of Mr. Walter Eliot, of whom, inciden tally, we hear little these days, Brit ain still produces only three-eighths of her foodstuffs, and, therefore, has to import five-eighths. During recent months British public opinion has in clined to the view that, in these trou blous times, a strong and united Em pire is the surest bulwark of peace, consequently, there is every justifica tion for believing that, when the trade agreements between Britain and Den mark and Britain and Argentina ex pire shortly, Australia will receive an' additional share of the butter and| meat export trades. J Britain's very adverse trade balance with Denmark — and Dr. Page is sure to emphasise this in his London nego- J tiations — makes it almost certain that Australia will soon be shipping to the' 'Homeland more butter, bacon and eggs. Apparently, anticipating this development, Denmark, it is reported, ' is even now negotiating with Germany for an agreement whereby Germany will take huge quantities of Danish butter in return for German manufac tured goods. Color is lent to this report by the pro-German attitude shown by the Danish delegate at the recent League of Nations debate on the Ger man Ehineland invasion. j Britain's attitude towards the Ar gentine is not quite so certain, owing :to the fact that this country has to v j meet high interest commitments each year in London. However, the ratio of her exports, to her imports from, Britain is so high (nearly 2 to 1) that there are probably good grounds for i the rumor that, when the meat agree ? ment expires towards the end of the year, Britain intends to impose a quota as well as a levy on Argentine meat imports. This, of course, will be of' inestimable value to Australia, provid ed she can maintain quality and con tinuity in her chilled meat shipments. A further trend of much significance to Australia is that British people are now eating less beef and more Iamb than hitherto. If this trend continues — -and it is said to be very pronounced — then Australia can look forward to a very bright future in the chilled lamb export trade. In the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area this industry is already proving so profitable that it. is rapidly supplanting dairy farming. It is per haps not too much to say that fat lamb raising is destined to become one of . the principal features of the various irrigation areas throughout the' State. ' And it is worth emphasising that a liv ing can be made on a relatively small area. ? So much for the prospects of trade expansion with Great Britain. Let us now turn to our second best customer, Japan. The meteoric rise of Japan froni a primitive agricultural community to an. enlightened manufacturing nation, con forming to Western standards and civi lisation, is one of the romances of mod ern times. This metamorphosis is prov ing of tremendous value to Australia, despite the Jeremiahs of despair who see in it a menace to our national ex- ? ? istoncc. .Japan's purchases of Austra lian products, especially wool and wheat, are increasing annually, and, to a large degree, are offsetting the re duced purchases of European countries. Indeed, a prominent Japanese woolbuy er recently predicted that Japan, which is now buying some 600,000 bales of Australian wool annually, will, be fore many years, be requiring 1,000, 000 bales. The increased purchases by Japan, much of which is going towaTdB the clothing of Japanese and Eastern peoples, has been a potent factor in stimulating world demand for our wool. This demand has assumed such ( proportions now that, in the near fut ure, Australia, it is confidently predict ed, will be running, millions of addi tional sheep to satisfy it. As regards wheat, Australian wheat farmers can be thankful to Japan and, to a lesser extent, China, that wheat, prices did not shrink to nothing during the depression years. In Japan and East generally, wheat consumption is on the upward grade. As most of this wheat has come, and is likely to go on coming, from Australia, the wheat in dustry is by no means on its last legs. So far, then, from justifying Mr. Lang's cry of despair over the air, prior to the last Federal elections, that Australia must be prepared to sit idly by, and watch the steady disintegra tion of our great primary industries, the actual facts seem to warrant the ? . View that further expansion is feasible, and that intelligent schemes of immi 'gration and land settlement can be 'safely prosecuted in the interests of this young and isolated continent. 