Topicd^^jdife representative public ? ^ ? meetings in the big N.S.W. towns of v Orange, Bathurst and Dubbo decided, to ? ask: the Stevens Government to drastic ally limit the number of chain — and par ticularly cash-and-carry— stores in the State. Attention was directed to the fact that America, Prance, Germany and Aus tria have enacted legislation designed to prevent the .growth of the system. The fact, of course, is that these stores owe their success to a huge and quick turn over and the employment of juvenile la bor, and even the' latter on a small scale owing to the 'self-serving' stunt. It's a modern and more or less inevitable com mercial development, and no doubt has cheapened many commodities. But al ready there is a tendency on the part of these stores to combine, and so elim inate competition. When such combina tion is completed the scores of thousands of customers may realise that their 'bar- gains' are not what they thought they were. 'What are you so wild about, Jackie?' 'I've . been playing truant from school ' all day, and I've just remembered it's Saturday 1'-' r* R.: -W.;M. Hughes ;has been vocifer V** ously deploring the refusal of Aus tralians to fill the cradle. Obviously, the only logical remedy is to fill the cupboard. The most practical way of doing this would be to increase the basic wage, and abolish unemployment. The latter is more responsible than any other cause for the existence of the empty cradle. But Hughes is closely allied with a political party that desires- to cut wages to the bone, and which consequently presents a dead-end to the new generation at the very begin ning of its career. ? ? # ? . # . ? y\EEWHY: Webb Waldron, a reputedly ^ eminent Yankee journalist who ar rived in Sydney the other day .on the proverbial Foster -Eraser type of hurried visit, was foolish enough to be 'drawn' on local political matters. For instance, he said that although he quite saw the point of the white Australia policy he thought that 'America had thrived by let ting in foreigners, but adroitly added that during the last few years too many southern Europeans had got into the United States. Thus Waldron had a bit both ways. But apparently ne wasn't aware of the fact that the. crimes com mitted by foreigners in New York and Chicago are well known in Australia — thanks to? a news service that specialises in' the sensational. v V^UNDA: H. Goldstein, who- arrived in : Sydney by the Esperance Bay last Monday, stated that he had been com missioned by* a large. Midlands (Eng.) manufacturer of small fancy goods to in quire into the possibilities of establishing a factory in Sydney. If, he added, the results of his investigations were up to v 'present expectations it was practically 'certain that a large factory would be erected in ,the near future. Goldstein further stated that.it had been found im po'ssible: for British makers to compete for the Australian market with Japan, but that it should be practicable to do so by manufacturing the goods locally, using all ?Australian labor and raw materials where ? possible. Goldstein deserves success, but ?unfortunately owing to the practical ? scrapping of much of the Scullin Govern |ment's tariff he is liable to find continued (?competition, j from cheap-labor Japan. Further; he may easily find himself con i fronted by the old device of 'dumping.' j However, let us hope that his courage and Lcptimism successfully carry him. through. jf A USTRALITE: Last. Thursday in the ?f*- House of ^Representatives the Trea surer (R. G. Casey), in'replyto a ques tion asked by Labor-member Holloway, said that permission to publish a news paper in the Croation language had been refused by the Commonwealth Govern ment. No reasons were given;, yet the publication of Italian, Greek and Jewish newspapers is permitted — and presumably without any suggestion of censorship. But, after all, the prohibition is not very astonishing considering that when, dur ing the World's Blood Bath years, W. M. Hughes was a dictatorial Prime Minister his Government refused to allow many vital arguments against conscription to be published in plain English. » « , * ' T) URALITE : In the course of a recent address, J.- M. Dunningham, N.S.W. Minister for Labor and Industry, said that in its rural development policy the Gov ernment : is giving special attention to closer settlement and decentralisation. But although the Government has been lcng in power, it has done nothing in the shape of bursting np big estates. And unless the best of these aggregations of naturally-prcductive lands are made cheaply and easily available to land desiring people, the statements referred to must approximate to the release of so much hot-air. Of course, the fact that some of the monopolistic landholders are strong financial supporters of the U.A.P. may have not a little to do with the governmental timidity indicated. # # ? * ? . /lUNDABOOKA: At the recent Graziers' V*V Conference in Sydney a delegate (H. G. Munro, of Bingara) said there has been a significant decrease in the local con sumption of meat— especially in the metro politan areas. Mr. Munro ascribed the decrease to the growing popularity of substitute .foods, which are very attrac tively presented; and widely, and shrewdly advertised. But the truth is ' that' the general purchasing power of the wage workers is so limited that the buying of a reasonable quantity of good quality meat is practically impossible. If the pastoral ists advocated and ensured a higher general wages scale they -would soon find a much more remunerative local market ?for their meat products. y-RAY: R. G. Menzies, M.H.R. for tony Kooyong (V.), and Attorney-General in the Lyons Government, who has jaunted f of to Europe, ostensibly with the object xjf fighting out some private legal case before the Privy Council, is not averse to mixing private and public mat ters. In the coiirse of ft recent interview he said: 'We (meaning Australia) can not live in a world of our own. . . . The Crown is indivisible. -You. cannot have the . King of England at war and the King of Australia at peace.' If Australia really possesses local autonomy, Menzies by such statements is in effect repudiating such possession. A 'strong Australian Prime Minister would immediately recall this imperialistic blatherskite. But unfortun ately Labor-renegade Lyons is a Prime Minister of a very different kidney. 'FVEEWHY : How. the old crusted Toryism ever associated with Squatterdom con tinues to persist! At the recently con cluded Graziers' Conference in Sydney the following motion was carried unani mously: 'That the Local Government Act be amended to provide that only rate payers be allowed to vote for the election of aldermen, and councillors.' Evidently, in the view of these survivals from the Dark Ages, worker tenants, who, after all, pay t/he landlords' taxes and provide them with prosperity, are still more or less placed in the category of aliens and aborigines — with the difference that aliens and aborigines are not profitable tenants. # . ? . « ?pvEEWHY: Harold W. Clapp, chairman of the Australian National Travel As sociation, the other day boosted the^ near arrival of Webb Walfo^ of the eminent American writers coming to Australia under our auspices.' . Mr. Clapp, in the ' course of explaining the facilities offered to these overseas writers, states that tremendous publicity for Australia will result from their writings in journals with a circulation of a million or more copies monthly. Incidentally, we. are told that Waldron proposes to remain in Aus tralia for one .month. At the termination of that period, no doubt, he will return to the land of Uncle Sam, and pose as an unchallengeable authority -en everything pertaining to Australia. Indeed,- he may even write a big book about us, in which possibly we ; may learn that Melbourne is the capital of Canberra (which, by the way, won't, be far off the mark), that Stevens is Prime Minister of Bourke, and that Lyons represents a State which is situated amongst apples and aborigines somewhere west of Kalgboriie. 'y-RAY: Speaking at Orange recently the Minister for Labor and Industry declared that unemployment is gradually decreasing. A strange statement, in view of the fact that the self-haloed Premier, just previous to his departure on the! luxurious Orion, said that the local unem ployment problem had been practically solved. It really looks as if Stevens left some of his responsibilities behind, trust ing to luck and his colleagues to make the best of them while he,, is absent overseas. 'As a punishment, you two boys will write the names of the towns: where you were born five hundred times be fore you leave the school.' 'But he'll be finished a lot quicker than I will. He was born at Hay, and 1 at Coonabarabran.' , - . . p R.:; It is interesting to note that changes in the tariff made by . the Lyons .Government number nearly 2000, which include 1110 reductions, and only 40 increases, in the British preferential tariff. Of course, these reductions may be justified by ; Empire considerations;' but, all the same, the fact remains that John Bull doesn't hesitate to purchase Danish butter and Argentine meat in preference to Dominions' products , if he can save a penny or so a lb. or .a dozen by so doing. In short, it is the sort of preference in which John does most of the preferring. * # * T^EEWHY: The Amending ? Bill to pro vide for an Increase from £750 to £1000 in compensation payable to victims of diseases caused by silica dust is to be dealt with this week by the New South Wales Parliament. The matter should certainly be entirely a non-Party one, and should be regarded from the viewpoint of ordinary humanitarianism. For the work the victims — andv potential victims— do is an essential community service, inasmuch as a great deal of it is associated with underground water and sewerage services. As for the privately-owned mines— well, too many of the owners of these have got off tragically lightly by sacking sick em ployees when they were no longer profit able.1 '/ ' ,| # ' # ? # j -11/pNGA: New Zealand Labor Premier . : Savage certainly doesn't, beat about the bush. When he read statements to the effect that money was leaving New Zealand because of' the alleged uncer tainty that exists regarding the Govern ment's policy, he said: 'If there is tp be a fight between the 'Kelly gang' of Auck land and the people of New . Zealand, then I know what side I will be on.' That was in the nature of a bombshell for the supporters of the old Tory regime. But Savage went further by declaring: 'The Government has sense enough to know that the mere turning of a printing press is not the way to get 'rich. We will use tlie public credit to create further wealth.' No wonder that even the Tory Press . of Australia is rubbing the cob webbed ink from its eyes, and wondering if Savage has set an example that sooner or later will be emulated throughout the ^Commonwealth, ... / TKT S.: Allegedly owing to tlie great cost ? ? of the recent .shipping; strike, the Interstate Shipowners'. Federation has in creased the freight rates betweien Sydney and' Melbourne, and Sydney 'and Brisbane, by one shilling a : ton. It -was officially stated that the increased rate had been ' agreed to only after much consideration, as shipowners were reluctant to increase costs to industry. The enormous fortune left by a recently-deceased shipping mag nate seems to east doubts on this alleged reluctate. Still, in this age, it is not at all surprising to find profiteers posing as philanthropists. ? ' ? r ? y-RAY: The other day. at Canberra the Minister for Defence (Archdale Park-: hill) denied the report to the effect that there was a sharp difference of opinion between himself and the military authori ties on the question of military training. He added that the present policy of the Government is a system of voluntary en listment. But why the use of the word 'present'? Does it indicate that some lULIU UA UlMlipUAoUry CIJUlOlllIlClH;. IS at ine back of the Government's mind? At any rate, it has to be remembered that W. M. Hughes is a Minister, and we have had experience of his conception of military service. # ' » ? ? TXT OODSTOCK : A surprising incident '' during the recent Graziers' Confer ence in Sydney was a strong condemna tion. of all relief work by Trangie delegate A. J. Craig. He asserted that relief work is now altogether unnecessary. 'The nation,' he added, 'is now going through better times, and as there is more work about/ unemployment relief ' work can very well be dispensed with.' But unfortun ately the 'better times' are not being en joyed by the great majority of tlie work ers. - Consequently, relief work remains essential and inevitable, even though wool prices are high, and most pastoralists can afford to luxuriously travel overseas. ? « ???.? #? # ? I AUSTRAL: Referring to the argument- I providing question of immigration I at the opening ? of the Australian Asso- ? ciated Chambers of Commerce in Adel* I aide last Monday,; .Sir Winston Dugan, I Governor; of ., the. ; State, , aeciarea( t.nai Australia. has,, no, rpom for the man who is afraid of work. Quite true; but, un fortunately, as- things are, . Australia has but little room for meti-^pafticularly youths— who are NOT afraid of work so long as it is continuous and reasonably remunerative. Possibly, when Governor Dugan, enjoying his big salary, ty&comes; more conversant with iocal economic and industrial facts, he will achieve a some what reconditioned point of view. # # # W: IN a statement issued last Monday ? N.S.W. Minister for Mines Vin cent revealed that coal continues to make the most important contribution to the State's mineral output, the product for 1935 being 8,698,579 tons, valued at £4,887,341. But, of course, if oil compe tition had not come into the picture this production would 'have been many times multiplied. In the circumstances it is difficult to understand why the oil producting potentialities of local coal and shale are so comparatively neglected. There is always something big about to be done— and just as surely these plans are pigeonholed and otherwise deferred. But inevitably a time must come— if only for alleged national defence reason's— when the coal and shale measures will be worked to their maximum. When that time comes the Yankee oil interests might hot be able to appropriate the big profits which they are pocketing to-day. ? ? ? # . . ♦ ^USTRALITE : ; Speaking at the Sy dney Constitutional Club's luncheon last Monday Dr. W. G. K. Duncan, director of tutorial classes at Sydney' University, was very candidly critical of ambitious migration schemes to increase the popu lation of Australia. He deplored what he described as bombastic .statements that Australia is destined to carry, a popula tion of ldo, 000, 000, a!nd that its future is comparable ; to the position of the United States to-day. 'This is a ro mantic illusion,' he added, 'as climatic ! conditions have reduced Australia to the size of Spain and Icaly, and it is dan gerous to create the opinion abroad ;liat Australia is 'a land' of great wealth' and 'vast potentialities.' . . The settlement, of people in Australia in large numbers is a very difficult and costly business.' It was a timely statement, and no sur prise was occasioned when some of the Tory papers denied it printed prominence* i ' : : ' 