BRITISH FOOD SUPPLIES. NEW POLICY POSSIBLE. AUSTRALIAN EFFORTS. DOMINIONS MAY BENEFIT, (From Our Special Correspondent.) LONDON, April 27.— At the beginning recently of their trade negotiations with the British Government, the Australian Minister for 'Commerce (Dr. Earle Page) and Attorney-General (Mr. R. G. Men zies), submitted a memorandum suggest ing that Britain examine the results of all her foreign trade treaties, several of which are due for renewal. It was felt that such an examination would reveal that the benefits from the Ottawa Agree ments exceeded those from the foreign agreements. British officials have now completed the survey, as a result of which, it is understood, the whole British agricultural policy is being reconsidered. It is expected that as a sequel the Dominions will receive more favourable treatment when the foodstuffs agreements are overhauled. Until formulation of the British policy has been completed, Britain will not sign any new foreign agreements. The Dan ish delegates will return to London on May 11 to discuss again the Anglo Danish treaty, which for the time will be limited to temporary measures for to creased Danish import licences. The question of renewal of the AngloArgen tine agreement, which Senor Le Breton, the Argentine Ambassador to France, is at present discussing with the Board of Trade, also is not likely to be settled until the discussions with Mr. Menzies and Dr. Page have been completed. The Australian Ministers' memorandum contemplated a long-term arrangement for rationalisation between British and Australian industries, by which British goods that could not be manufactured to Australia would enter the Common wealth duty free, while Australia would retain her own market for goods that could be economically manufactured to the Commonwealth. The Australian Government would like such complement ary production to continue for 10 years, with a guaranteed market for Britain and encouragement of British investment to Australia, believing that such mea sures would improve agricultural prices and enable the Commonwealth to in crease its purchases from Britain, and simultaneously create the prosperity in the Commonwealth necessary for the re sumption of immigration. Criticism of Mr. Elliot's Schemes. British examination of this scheme has reached an advanced stage; consequently Ministers have been able to begin re consideration of the Government's agri cultural policy. The agricultural schemes of the Minis ter of Agriculture (Mr. Walter Elliot), aimed at increasing prices and output for home producers and regulating foreign and Dominion imports, which Dr. Addison, the former Socialist Minis ter of Agriculture, originated, have be come most unpopular. Many farmers and distributors advocate abandonment of the Milk Marketing Board. The Potato Marketing Board is hi difficulties and recently was compelled to relax its imports regulations. The Pig Board scheme has only partially succeeded and the sugar subsidy is unpopular. The Government, replying to a flood of criti cisms, has pleaded that the schemes are experimental; but the present moment is considered opportune for a revision, because 14 foreign agreements are due for renewal. Furthermore, the defence situation de mands a reconsideration of food reserves. Some critics urge the immediate estab lishment of granaries to ensure that Britain will have at least six months' supplies in case of emergency, but Con servatives, believing that Britain in the last resort must rely on her own agri culture, are pressing the Government to increase home production. In conse quence of the unpopularity and partial breakdown of the marketing schemes, the termination of foreign agreements is a necessity to providing supplies for de fence purposes. The Government is expected com pletely to reconsider the subject of food production, probably preparing a new BOL based on a long-term policy, as one of the principal measures for the new session after November. - . 