SUMMARY. MMes in Japaneso newspapers emphasise JIL a t«ed inability to develop colonies, Ä*n «mains land-starved. TLhl shimbun" states that British and , lion Aries are wholly or partly closed ïpanese immigrants and goods. ^ "«vm-p it adds, a general settlement JÄed^ny negotiations In regard to TtoHnn division Is to be formed for hr eÄ *» A*tal dWlsl0n ?,TooO) en route to Eritrea. vw units of Black Shirts are to be formed ÄÄ security," replacing those which hive gone to Africa « «i« mi- causing extensive damage tax the t"SS and south-welt of France. A little girl ¡«is been drowned « otto Thaning, Danish Oonsul at l! «AU is flying on the Cape-England Ä Äempf J create a record. tT lives were lo« when a Lowestoft drifter, p; 00OOOO, is being considered. "i" Agricultural crisis has developed to the Uni ed S "tes following the Supreme Court ÏÏ; announced yesterday. rmtress will be asked for an appropriation ri WOMMO dollars to meet producers' con- tracts already signed. The decision that the Agricultural Adjust ? irfminktrntlon is invalid confronts the Ä An with" a desperate situation. «nunns of Hindus are flocking to the con Ä the Ganges and Jumna Rivers for their 12-year festival. Thev believe that, by "Immersion In the slSd waters, their sins will be washed away. AprordinR to the London "Dally Telegraph," «ätaScM Se being held In Rome and In I pjris uy signor Mussolini and M. Laval. A new peace plan, it Is reported, Is being ioaid for before the oil sanction is discussed «Geneva Nomination day In the Scotch Universités bv-electlon has been fixed for January U. Mr. ymg MacPonald will be nominated. Coal miners at mass meetings rejected de- cisively the proposal for a general coal strike la support of the seamen. It is believed that the decision of the miners will result in an early collapse of the seimcn's strike Manned by licensed seamen, the Manoora Vît Sydney for Melbourne, and the Morinda for Lord Howe and Norfolk Islands. Four volunteer seamen from the Aeon were attacked by a mob at Miller's Point. One man had some teeth kicked out. ExceDt in areas where labour is not otter ins ¡or private industry, the emergency relief I scheme is to be continued. The Government intends to take steps to eliminate the overcrowding of hospitals In the metropolitan aiea. Public ward accommodation will be in creised, and additional intermediate, private, and maternity wards will be provided. It Is believed that the Federal Government may be compelled next year to revert to some system of compulsory military training. The considerable falling-off of trainees under the voluntary system has caused con- cern among the military authorities. Sir Frederick Stewart, in a report to the Federal Government, has recommended the production of oil and petrol from coal. He bellen es that the establishment of a ojdrogenation plant will alleviate unemploy- ment on the coalfields. Two masked and armed men entered the South Melbourne post-office, threatened officials, and escaped with a cash box con- taining £45 Trading by municipal bodies in electricity appliances is to be the subject of a conference comened by Mr Spooner. The Minister said that retail traders had claimed that council trading was an en- croachment on private enterprise. The State Govt.nment has decided to finance a preliminary survey of the proposed water conservation scheme for the north-west. Appointments and changes in the State teaching staffs were announced yesterday by the Education Department. A bottle believed to have been thrown from S a South Alrican troopship 35 years ago was j lound on the Western Australian coast, j The City Coioner heard evidence regard i In? the cause of a fire which destroyed a sllp j per factory at Waterloo on December 21. j Fire brigade officers said that the factory i v?s pitted so extensively that no cause could S be ascertained The Dutch boxer, van Klaveren, was pre- vented from sailing for America yesterday by a rrlt issued out of the Supref Court. A motor car containing a man, his wife, iid children fell 100 feet down a bank near Murrurundi, but the occupants were only ¡lightly injured. Country ambulance organisations will hold aconference to consider the position of coun- try as against city ambulances. It Is claimed that Government grants for corahy ambulances are not commensurate rah the amount of work they do. A Qantas mail 'plane struck a tree stump par Cloncurry. The machine was damaged, W no one was injured. ,,* death of an Infant at Dunedoo is be |i red to have been caused by a cat upsetting s tin containing poison. Devils of five extensive sewerage schemes in suburban districts were submitted to a »'(Ung of the Water Board yesterday. Jt was stated that the construction of an « cr outfall sewer near Long Bay was neces ary te provide for further reticulation in «Mern suburbs .tSei.bo!,rtd's engineer recommended that to SS. lacli ,po,lutlon< sewerage treatment plants should be constructed. BÄTC,1;kw01Kn musl° suPP'y companies of 5 and Melbourne have amalgamated in mew company with £100,000 capital. mirtieS^kabl!statement alleged to have been «Wagea Was submitted at an inquest ÄlÄK ulieeed> have admitted that taft ta ¡ÄT s BolBer' and put fed* A*1 oí migration to Australia is Satin, ii m D"sldent of tne Graziers' Asso Ttcn of New South Wales, * ¿f ^"national developments, he said, 5ff Ä$hi d'ouïes associated with «"gration should be overcome. satothÄ !n ,a dvlc farewpll at Bathurst, deÄÄ,R lnn People were stronger in elsa crit!clsm than constructive criti £25&nnai;,U.ed i°I probate at mora than ».»Wrar Í» P«ss£ä through the offices of the .war of Probates during 1935. « t MdrRhSï?c,al raîns httve fallcn ln the ^«Ä^rt? to si* lnobes being re a^AqSÎÎ cxpress was 12 h°"rs late l» Mentedle y °n aCC0Unfc of washaways ' tel* Miîïï?mliteerto to be appointed t- £ slr«ti1. Äior í"nbour ta industrial «s in the building trade. r ^pÄrTf,T ""?î1".«" Prov'ded Pam nJÜS. , farm w°rk by the NSW ^»Unemployment Scheme for Boys ^W4Aïe,demand for sultab,e "^SroStaaMoS " UP°n thC reS0Urces Ä^VÄ*1,."0!* established at Supers' río? ^etlniI by the winn« s of the S'akes3 riat' Mascot M"«, and Encourage I f^CÄH^fhb,eaten,byH Lewis (North Ä?S,chne?.We',e,Brwta ln faTr of wines R M cl,-al!>nce beinp; made at firm ÄTÄ in thc Stock Exchange ^'«*« Än%^ bend, gah« SC'Äiffl cL01,dy' sultry- and thunder, eostnrh ^ onal Ehoweis and some & Cloudy0^,,'0 ^-«wtoly winds 'utth« extensiv» iüF; 1nd unsettled, with » ^ Ät^tnl",1*1^"0511 tw° «"? three r"c 'Hcmw»? , " the alégate. im index appeals on page 10. 