SALE OF BUTTER. CONDITIONS IN ENGLAND. Address by Cr. Lewis. BOONAH, Sunday There was a very good attendance in the School of Arts last night, when Cr. W. Lewis, who recently returned from a trip to England, gave an address on the marketing of butter. His visit was arranged by the Boonahl branch of the L.P.A. and Mr. A. Wag ner as the President occupied the chair. With them on the platform were Mr. .A. G. MIullqr, MI.L.A. (Chair man of the Q.P. Co-operative Associa tion), and Mr. IL. Topel (Secretary L.P.A.). Introducing Cr. Lewlis, the Chilrlman said that he was a man vwell up in public matters; he w.e a director of the Q:F. Co-operative As sociation for a number of years, and was also enjoying his third term as Chairman of the Esk Shire Cmuncil. While in England Cr. Lewis had in terested himself with marketing prob lems. As he was not tied in any way he was able to make inquiries and get first hand information as a pri vate individual. Thie members of the L.P.A. were anxious to get the information thus gathered, and had Invited Cr. Lewis to address them. Cr. Lewis thanked the L.P.A. for thie invitation given him. His in quiries .broad had led him to believe that whilst butter could be controlled in the Commonwealth, it was i-taos slble to do it in Great Britain, owing to the command of money by the vested interests which handled our butter there. Landing at Hull, he had at once made a tour of the town, but was disappointed to find that whilst every other make of butter was advertised for sale, he could not find any adver tising of Australian butter. At Car difT the same thing was found, and in London although he was preser . when several ships were unloading beef. butter, fruit, &c;, from Australia and elsewhere, he was unable to get in formation where it was going to. In quirles led him to believe that most of the butter was blended and sold as Empire butter, and be considered that until we could see that Aues tralian butt.. was sold as such we could never demand its full value. Blenders bought Russian, Argentine, Irish, Danish (in fact all butters), and blended them with Australian butter, and then sold the blend as Empire Butter-. In Australia we were asked to prO. duce a first quality butter Which was as good as Danish, but for which we had to accept considerably less in price and he could not see why this was so. New Zealand butter was ad vertised freely, and even on some of the tramcars the public was ad vised to buy Ifew Zealand butter, but he could I not see where .Australian butter was advertised at all. 1e was of the opinion that the money spent on Austjalia House and in advertis Ing our products was certalnly not bringing the results others* were getting, and there must be something wrong when this was so. He had not gone to the butter agents for his in formation, but had gathered it in the places where the public should be able to get it and he 'was satisfied that that public was not being properly informed. IMMIGRATION. Dealing with the matter of im migration, he said that farmers In Elpgland were now doing so well that it was almost impossible to interest them in Australia, and it was useless to bring any other class of Immi grant out here. The control of milk In the Old Coun try had resulted in a tremendous In crease of production of that commod ity, with an Increase in price which made ftrming a pap able proposition. Butter wao being made from the surplus. and was increasing in supply tremen dously. He quoted returns from some dairymen showing 1/4 per gallon, less charges, received for their milk. In the producing of beet sugar, the Government paid out £13,000,000 sub sidy the previous year, and this also helped to keep the farmer profitably employed. There were still many acres of good land available, and with a continuance of a favourable Govern ment, Great Britain would be more and more self-supporting as far as foodstu(ffs were concerned. He quoted the popularity of Aus tralian wines, fruits, and eggs, which were sold as such, and why our Aus tralian butter was not sold under its own name he could not understand; and he again emphasised the fact that this must be done if we were to get the full market value. He thought English farmers -could not now be tempted to come to Australia, and ef forts would have to be made to keep our own people on the land here. Mr. A. G. Muller said he had en joyed Cr. Lewis's address, but could not agiee 100 percent. with him. Since the Dairy Produce Export Board had taken the matter up the position was improving rapidly, and last year 109,000 tons of butter had been sent to Eng land. Where previously the difference in price of New Zealand and Aus tralian butter had been 8/ or 9/ per cwt., we were now able to command the same price. A sum of £70,000 was spent in advertising, and the. results were now coming to hand. Export was also being controlled, and instead of sending 90 per cent. of our export butter to Great Britain in the flush five months of the year, it was now be ing held in cold stores so that the market could be supplied in the lean period. He could not see how we could pre vent our butter being purchased by blenders, as the butter was sold to the highest bidder irrespective of who they were. The main factors in keeping up our prices, he thought, were to have aontlnuty of supply, so as not to dis appoint our customers, and to produce an article which would give satisfac tion. There were 14.000 shops selling our butter at present, and these were increasing all the time, but Danish butter had remained almost station ary. Milk was controlled in Great Britain with splendid results to the dairymen, and it was only reasonable to expect that proper control of our hutter and cheese would have similar good results to us. Several questions were asked and a friendly discussiaon ensued between Mr. Muller, Cr. Lewis, and a member of the audience regarding blenders, and how it was possible to prevent them getting our butter, or whether it was wise to try to do this. Mr. J. Schultrlng moved a hearty vote of thanks to Cr. Lewis for his ad dress, which had been most interesting and instructive. Cr. Lewis had gone Home at his own expense, and had given more information that they re quired than others who had gone Home at the expense of the companies. He felt that a lot of the money was wasted in sending these men home. The vote was carried by acclamna tion. During the course of his address Cr. Lewis had quoted several amusing in cIdents during his travel, but in reply Ing to the vote of thanko he quoted the best of the lot. In his search around the shops and retail agents for Aus tralian butter, tile name "Kangaroo Butter" came into the inquiry, and he was astounded t'o be told that it was? the first time they had known in Eng land that Australians had produced butter from kangaroos. A hearty vote of thanks to the chair closed the meeting. You haven't read your paper ft you haven't read the advertisements.. They will help you to spend your moneyr wisely-and don't Torget to say 7o "saw it in the 'Queensland TimuF 