life J^H^^Hy ? j^pt^oTJoT^ov^ » - ^ ' J^waBHF ? . j#ilLii) r, ,. , \;.i ft ^ Senator Joe Colilngs CENATOR JOE COLLItt&S.left; for ° the $ou& on Monday 4a% He witt be absent from Brisbane for about three weeks. He witt attend & Meeting ©f the social coinjadttee of six of the Federal Parliamentary Labor Party appointed to dr»w up a financial policy |j--r Labor, of whjeh he is a mo^M^: also an exceptive meeting of the Ifrty and a foil meet ing of the Caucus. These meetings take place next week in the T&des; HAU, Melbourne. Senator CoiUngs will then go on to Adelaide where the Interstate Conference will be held, opening on the 27th instant. * ? '? Mackay Harbor Contract ff N the matter of the engineer of die * Mackay Harbor Board having re fcommended the cancellation of the jjponfractjjjftr the big harbor works ?dMit^Hf .' ffceraier, W, Forgan »Bittlth,/*^l|p.:lli fa^fwT^aifclce.. .iai^ cMa||fe on the -t^k|ter. 4Ie4a&, gloard on Wednesday, July IS. /INHERE wajmajidea worthy o^pttiv tion, madeWft the ppening of ttay^w brick sch«4 tending, West^fffed, Brisbane, by B. 3. McKenna, 4M*ec tor of Education, that the Cⅈ&r; Government, {meaning the Federal Government;) might well assist edtfb** lion, the v&ole; burden of the cost of Which n^f rests with the States. Ulaboratia - jus ; suggestion, the Hdtt tatiohjOir ^r i^ that when a tariff is imj|oBe fe pi | Sect an Australian indusiiy i i» lo| j I to say that some of th« mo fcf ,«| | |»ed could rightly be used 1 * *»a| \ frorkmen to play their part .tt;th|| §istralian industry that is be ig prated. Queens and's the Better Way I . D. ED FARDS, Chief Inspector of Schools who recently toured Ame rica, Cans la, Germany, and ttoe Bri tish Isles «s guest of the Carnegie Corporation* which gives large grants 'for educational purposes to schools in many coAtries, in accordance with jthe will of Andrew Carnegie, a Scot tish-American millionaire. Inspector Edwards states, ;/.as one of his fctrongest impressions formed abroad, £hat Queensland's can congratulate ^themselves on having a unified and Centralised administration of State ' education, which bestows, within rea sonable limits of practicability, the eame advantages of building,, equips tnent, and' curriculum upon outback schools as it gives in its main centres Of population. He tells that he found ft disturbing to his Australian. Social* ? jbtic and democratic instincts to tiofce quite* the Opposite in some1 cdflnirieAj due to lack of ^central finance ana con trol of education. IWiif Not* Resume Immigration flTHE Western Australian Minister for JLan-|s states that the Govern ment of VfeA. Is 'stone cold' on the matter of resumption of immigration from Grea^ Britain, after its experi ence with group settlements. Though such operations had been extremely good business for the British Govern ment and British investors, they bad been extremely bad business for the State. The British Government had ? _t ? ,_ been able to transfer thousands of surplus population to Western Aus tralia, and the British investor, got interest on millions of pounds invested and millions of pounds lost in the scheme, which was a heavy burden on the Western Australian tax payers. ? , ? * Sterffl&tion; of the Unfit IN jthe South Australian Parliament on July 8, Hamilton, the member, for East Torrens, moved that the question ot sterilisation^— voluntary and compulsory, of persons suffering from unsound mind or other danger ous malady or maladies, known to be transmissible to their offspring, should receive the earnest and im mediate consideration of the House. The subject, he said, was too large to be decided by Parliament at the present -stage. An inquiry by a com petent board was all important, so that it coujld present to Parliament the full a :te so far as thej^were known. It*' ' ''Vi-\l a amen's Hours ;iK* HPHE Fed! ^Government has d)&4- ed to be represented at the j#p time session of the International pA bor. Conference, which will open irt Geneva on* October 6, ??? When making this announcement O4i July ^, Prime Minister Lyons said that the Australian representation would compnse one Government ^no minee and two delegates representing the shipowners and seamen reip.*c tively. The agenda will include t^»e questions of regulation of hours 0 work on board ship and holidays wfth pay for seamen. -; -,..'.* The Murder Epidemic pIGURES presented to the New South Wales Parliament show that in N.S.W. during 1935 there w-ve 13 more murders than in 1934; 29 more attempts to murder, 15 more cases of manslaughter; 26 more rob beries with violence; 8 more demands for property with menace and threat; and 165 more common assaults. The total number of offenders brought be fore the courts was 134,000, an in crease of 6947 on 1934. The total of brutal criminality for the first half of 1936 may be even more startling. Moral deterioration through unem ployment and disheartenment may have been a fundamental cause in some of the cases, and it is evident that the retention of capital punish ment in N.S.W. was no deterrent. ? ? * Death of a Demomcratic Dean T ABOR circles in Sydney greatly regret the death of the Very Rev. Dean Albert Edward Talbot, of Syd ney, who during many years past had proved his soundly, democratic outlook 'and his practical sympathy with Labor ideals,. Eloquent and earnest, a keen debater on social questions, an expert orgatfiser of benevolence, this notable Anglican had labored in Syd ney for 24 years. He was a native of Manchester, and was 59 years of age. ?'????? * ? . ??-? Capitalism Shows Its Teeti* HOLLOWING an announcement by Labor Premier Savage, of New Zealand, of his intention to send his Finance Minister to London to nUrice representations to the money 'in terests, for the purpose of having New Zealand's overseas interest placed on a -more equitable basis, damaging attacks on New Zealand's credit have been made by the London financial press. Without any justi fication whatever some of the finan cial journals discussed the possibility of New Zealand's default, and one of them remarked that the 'possibility' justified the heavy fall in New Zea land stocks. ? ? ? Compulsory Unionism in New Zealand MEW Zealand's recently enacted law making unionism compulsory came into force on July 8. It is now un lawful for any employer to employ a non-unionist in any occupation which is bound by award or agreement. Where there is no member of a union available to perform that particular kind of work, a non-unionist may be employed. Applications from unorganised workers have poured into the union offices, and the employers, in order to protect themselves^ advised their em ployees to become members of the union covering their particular indus tries. ? ? ?- Another Labor Victory rYERBY, tb& British- constituency whV* retirtped J. H. Thomas, both as a labor rain and as a turncoat, seems to havje had enough of the anti-Labor bifeand of political repre sentation, aitS at the by-election, necessitated by Thomas's 'retirement' from polities^ a Labor member, P. J. Noel Baker, was returned. Baker's candidature*! was assisted by Lloyd George, who is reported to be aiming at a Labor and Liberal coalition. ? ? ? Weather Troubles of U.S.A. T'HE deaths during the present drought heat wave in the United States of America made a total of 700 on Saturday last. President Roose velt is preparing to submit to Con gress a long-range programme to con vert the worst areas of the parched ? wheat country to pasture land, and to settle many of the present inhabi tants elsewhere. The Government has declared a moratorium aggregating 7,000,000 dollars (£1,200,000) to 30,000 farmers in 268 drought-stricken cen tres. ? « -- Excavating Craze Provides Work rpHE craze for archaeological inves tigation is so strong in England at present that two months' work, which began this month, has been . provided for eighty unemployed men who,, with a number of university stu dents, are excavating in a famous Cheshire hill. History has provided^ some reason for the belief that there is a solid building, covered up by landslides on one portion of the hill which now bears ia forest. The unem ployed men, whose co-operation was sought at the ruling rate of wages, no doubt are blessing good old archaeo logy. Rockefeller's Expectations JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER, the rich- ,'s est man in America, of Dutch ori*- gin, is now 97 Vfears of age, and feel*-;' ing very well, though, thirty years 1 ago he was considered to be incurably - dyspeptic. He has- given away mil-t lions, and continues giving to well organised schemes of benevolence. He spent his 97th birthday among rela tives at New Jersey, and felt so well that he repeated his several years old prophecy of living to be a hundred. Though it seems incredible that any man could amass such enormous, wealth without some sort of tricki ness, the average American has a pretty good opinion of him. The Race for Armaments rpHE supplementary estimates issued by the British Government on July 9 bring the total expenditure on Bri tain's fighting service for the current year to £188,163,700. The increased expenditure for the Royal Air Force brings the estimated expenditure on that service alone in this year to £50,700,000. — Provision is made to bring the maximum personnel of the Air Force this year to 55,000. It is stated that much heavier provision will have to be made for 1937 and 1938\. The new naval construction in cludes two battleships, seven cruisers, including two of 10,000 tons and five of 6000 torng, 18 destroyers, and eight submarines, all under the terms of the 1936 Naval Treaty. Labor Exchanges as Recruiting Depots 'THERE is apprehension in Britain that the tabor exchange offices may be used for recruiting for the three defence Services — land, sea, and air. The British Ministry for Labor and the three particularised service departments recently held an inter departmental inquiry into the rela tion of unemployment to recruit ing, and following it there was a pro posal that the labor exchanges might suggest to young unemployed men their suitability as recruits, and might even exert pressure to that end. In Australia — perhaps — if the labor exchanges were controlled by the present Government at Canberra, instead of by the States, pressure of the same sort might arise. ? ? ? They Hate Roosevelt P^ WRITER in 'Harper's Magazine' (May number) says that the Ame rican plutocrats are determined that Roosevelt shall not again be elected President; and, to that end, are flood ing the country with literature that goes to the limit in slander. Roose velt is declared to be insane, and an habitual drunkard; and it is charged against him that the private life of both himself and his family is of the most infamous character. The meth ods successfully employed to defeat Upton Sinclair when he was a candi date for the post of State Governor of California and that election earned .description as 'the dirtiest in Ameri 1 can history,' are being improved upon and used against Roosevelt. No 'People's Front' in Denmark HPHE attempts of the Communist Party of Denmark to establish col laboration with the Government par ties for the forthcoming elections to the Upper House of the Danish Diet, have been rejected by both the Social Democratic. Party and the Radical ..Party. - ; :, ,-. The National Council of the Social Democratic Party decided 'that our [party will only co-operate with de mocratic groups which reject all forms of dictatorship, and we are therefore unable to consider the com munication of any serious interest.' In similar terms the National Council oi the Radical Party (repre sented by three Ministers in the Stauning Government) decided to state in reply to the appeal of the Communist Party for possible col laboration in the elections, that the Radical Party cannot consider such — collaboration with parties which do not base their activities on the prin ciples of democracy. '« * ? Communist Disrupters jn Roumania 'INTERNATIONAL Information,' a ? publication issued by the Labor and Socialist International, writes thus of the question of a People's Front policy for Roumania: . 'In the fact that in Roumania a People's Front policy is not possible and does not offer any promise of sue cess we have a further proof of the correctness of the old Socialist maxim i that the policy of the working class ?-,- ?{. must adapt itself to the special cir- '' cumstances in each country. At all events, the overwhelming majority of the Roumanian Social-Democrats re ject collaboration with the Commun ists, if for no other reason because they are uncompromising adherents of the principltTof democracy, and decline to form a fighting front for democracy with supporters of a dictatorship. . . . Great bitterness is being aroused in Social- Democratic circles by the fact that Communist methods in Rou mania have changed in form but not . in content, and that underneath, the old work of disruption is still going on.' 