ToPic^^feife 'p\EEWHY: R.. P. Sanderson,- a member of the. Australian delegation appointed ? by ' the Commonwealth _ Government to 'Visit' India, Burma *arid Ceylon to ex : plore the field for possible Australian trade expansion, following his return ex pressed himself strongly in favor of British migration. 'In my opinion,' he said, 'the proposed immigration scheme . should ? be approved heartily. My vision is that with British capital and . British labor — and only in that way is it possible — Australia should become a second England.' Well,' at present England has an acute unem ployment problem, and all political par ties ?'desire to get rid of its workless — i mainly by the simple process of shunting i them overseas. Surely Australia doesn't want to be a second England in these calamitous respects. ! I ' A U3TRALITE: When Federation was mooted Australians were' assured that its consummation would not be more costly than the registering of a dog. Yet since 1910 the increase in Federal and State taxation has increased by 610 per cent. Moreover, it was declared that Federation would result in a considerable reduction in the cost of running many Government departments' and services. But that has not happened. As for the States, they appear to be quite as import ant as the Commonwealth, and if a ma . jority of their Premiers decide on a cer tain course of action the Federal Govern ment can merely wring its hands in despair.: Meanwhile all the old State Par \- liaments are functioning, and the general taxpayer has got so used- to the imposi tion that he now philosophically pays up and looks as pleasant as he can. i ? ? ? TVEEWHY: Last Wednesday, at Canberra Prime Minister Lyons announced that it had been decided to make £450,000 available to the States over the years 1936-37 and 1937-38 for the assist ance of forestry and metalliferous mining. 14 Of this amount £240,000 will be earmarked ? for forest planting, conservation, and im provement. Referring 'to the forestry allocation, Lyons stated that it is intended as a direct contribution to the relief of unemployment. Certainly the planting ,will employ a few hundred men; but as it will require at least 20 or 30 years for the majority of the planted trees to be come. commercially valuable, the unem ployment-solving declaration is not very convincing. In any case, this is the steel and concrete age, and unless markets can be found overseas our timber a score of years hence is scarcely likely to be a very \- valuable national asset. 9 ? m 9 ' . TIT S.: The obvious disinclination of the .* Commonwealth Government to en courage the distillation of oil from bur ?great local shale and coal stratas has proved exceedingly disappointing to big centres like Newcastle, Maitland and Lithgow. If the big potential industry is „ to be squelched by governmental default at' least three important towns -will be ? more or less consigned to ultimate ruin, ihany homes will have to be sacrificed, and thousands of expert and willing : porkers, apart from business people, will be compelled to seek jobs that will be : conspicuous by their , absence! Verily, . those overseas go-gettiuig oil interests, have a very great deal to answer for in terms of local unemployment and a con-'] sequent sacrifice of wages. i ? . . . ' . . l~j W.: Announced that a complimentary : 'luncheon will be tendered by repre-. sentative Sydney citizens to Premier Stevens on March 10. Well, come to think of- many things, Stevens deserves banquets and eulogies from the . Tories. For he has been consistent in his solici tude for the welfare of the employers, the rentlords, and the profiteers. He has never displayed any predisposition to leave any capitalist in the lurch, or to speak disapprovingly of any Stock Ex change go-getter. Verily, in the circum stances, if that luncheon doesn't turn out to be a big success there must be a lot of ingratitude in certain anti-Labor circles. ' # * * 'DURAlITE: Sir Henry Galway, chair man of the Big Brother Movement, speaking ,in London last Friday, stated that the organisation is ready and anxious to resume the scheme in Australia. Gal way went on to say that, according to in formation disclosed, vacancies on Aus tralian sheep stations and dairy farms cannot be filled because 'parents in the town'.' are reluctant to send their boys on the land, but British youths can be found to fill the vacancies. If Sir Henry had made proper inquiries before he spoke as quoted he would have found that the re muneration offered to city boys by land holders is miserably inadequate in far too many cases,. Otherwise there would be no logical necessity for the juvenile importa tions so suggested. # # # V-RAY: Last Friday night, according to the 'S.M. Herald,' it was estimated that the 3000 striking ironworkers at Port Kembla (N.S.W.) had already lost about £15, GOO in wages. The 'Herald,' of course, points to this big amount of lost wages as evidence of the alleged folly of the employees concerned. But the fact not understood by the 'Herald' is that these workers are fighting' for principles and regard any temporary loss of wages as an inevitable, sacrifice. Certainly they don't receive medals for their industrial bravery. But they are satisfied if- those workers who come later get better wages and con ditions, as results of the at-the-times seemingly hopeless fights. ? # :? « * y^USTRALITE: Dr. Earle Page, Minister for Commerce, will have a man's size, job ahead of him, when he reaches Lon don, within the next few weeks, in trying to persuade the John Bull Government to give - the Dominions — Australia in par ticular — preferential treatment when negotiating for the ' renewal of trade treaties with. Argentine and Denmark. The Danish treaty will expire in June, that with the big South .American country a month earlier. Under these treaties Dan ish butter and Argentine meat have been able to undersell Australian products of a similar kind. There has been an im port arid export arrangement with the Argentine Government, and it will be in teresting to see if it is renewed. Unfor tunately,, although Page may be an ex cellent doctor, he politically lacks effec tive fighting force. Hughes, with all his faults, would be a- much better ambas sador; for even if in the heat of certain moments he used ba:d language he would be capable of supplying some good logic. And that would be a lot to go on with. TT700DST0CK: Interviewed last Wed nesday concerning the Federaf Gov ernment's oil policy, J. A. Beasley, leader of the Lang Party in the House of Repre sentatives, was cynically logical. 'For a Government,' he said, 'embarrassed by a recurring annual surplus of two or three million pounds, and allocating £7,000,000 for non-productive expenditure on defence during 1936-37, to halt -at the expendi ture of £160,000 a year on an essential industry is an insult to the intelligence of the Australian people.'- Commenting on the statement Prime Minister Lyons remarked: 'Mr. Beasley's reference to the expenditure of money in provision for defence does not call for comment. The Government takes full responsibility for its decision in this regard.' But what . I Lyons didn't say was that very vital sec tions of our defences — particularly our warships, submarines and aeroplanes would be rendered futile if they had to depend in war time on overseas oil sup plies that, owing to naval and aerial blockades, might never reach Australia. * # - # V-RAY: A speaker at a recent N.S.W. country unemployed meeting, . dis missing frills and fallacies, got down to facts. What he said was. this: The Gov ernment relief for certain classes of un i employed amounts to 26/- a week, whereas the minimum wage is fixed at £3/2/6 a week. 'How, then,' he asked, 'can a re lief worker and family exist on 26/-?' Well, the logical answer seems to be that if £3/2/6 is the lowest weekly wage on which a man, wife and family can exist, 26/- a week means, apart from arithmetic, something closely approximating to semi starvation. As for the landlord— well, just how he is going to pay his rates, make re pairs and renovations, and show a profit, must remain a mystery. '\7' -RAY : While the Commonwealth Gov ? ernment is shilly-shallying with the matter of oil production from local shale and coal, and in effect declaring that it would be an unpayable proposition, other countries are getting on with the job — and have been getting on with it for a long time past. For instance, Russia, although possessing vast natural petroleum de posits, is obtaining huge quantities of oil from the shale beds in the Danubian area. Germany, too, has practically made itself independent of foreign supplies by ex tracting oil from a comparatively poor grade of coal. Why are politicians of the Lyons type so blind to these convincing examples? Such blindness surely suggests the inexplicable. Tl/rfcRINO: Proverbially the greatest and ? most insistent growlers in Australia are not the workers (who have plenty of valid cause for growling), nor the small farmers, but the graziers as a class. Even the Sydney 'Sun,' which, being a capital istic sheet, never likes to offend the Big Money Interests, declared' last Thursday in the course of a leading article: 'Gener- ally the pastoralists of Australia have not done badly. During the good years they have made a great deal of money, and it looks as if the coming years-will give them fair wool prices again.' Well, at anyrate, if any big pastoralist is anxious to ex change his property and his prospects for a .dole ticket, or a two weeks' work out of five on relief jobs, he has only himself to blame if he is knocked over in the re sponsive rush.. 9 & # TJEEWHY: The Lithgow (N.S.W.) sub branch of the Returned Soldiers' League complained recently that men who had never participated in the Big Shindy are travelling about thfe country representing themselves as returned war heroes. Presumably the inference is that these enterprising job-seekers might ob tain employment which should be given to genuine returned soldiers. But actual facts are against such a conclusion. For with many employers to-day the fact of a man being a returned soldier, seriously militates against him, inasmuch as it sug gests a lack of youth and strength, and, in many cases, a trenches-born indepen dence that to the would-be sweater might prove , an awkward circumstance. - * - * * ? ? . A tJSTRALITE : Queensland Labor Pre mier Forgan Smith, discussing the re ported disappointment in London regard ing his statements on British migration to Australia, made at Whitehall on February 10, pointed out in London the other day that there was nothing in them inconsis tent with the views he had expressed in Queensland. 'Britain,' he concluded, 'cannot expect us to absorb more im migrants unless a British market for their produce is assured. Australia must con sider her own unemployed, and not risk merely transferring employment. It was complained that some immigrants to Vic toria were misled. ' I am not* going to mislead the British people.' It is fine to see the v Queensland -Labor Premier so valiantly sticking to his guns in Loiidon— where, by the way, , not a few reputedly good Labor guns have- been very effectu ally spiked*' ^ ~ A USTRALITE: The results of the West Australian general elections held last Saturday, although they ensure the con tinuance of the C-fllier-led; ;Labor Gov ernment, must be regarded . as rather dis appcinting. For the Government has a particularly fine record. \tt reduced the unemployment problem to microscopical dimensions, settled thousands of people on the land, and assisted and encouraged the goldmining industry in an . unprece dented way. The partial setback seems to suggest that Governments, somewhat like the seasons, occur and run in cycles— with the result that the better a Govern7 ment is, the greater chance it has of be ing thrown out. Verily the paradox of politics, like the ways of racehorses, the seasons, and women's' fashions, passeth all human understanding. 9 9 9 p R.: 'populate or perish'- was the ad-. vice given to Australia the other das by Admiral H. V. Feakes on his arrival! in Sydney on the steamer Manoora after a year's tour of Europe and Asia. 'Europe,' he added, 'is virtually an armed camp. Mobilisation there is in full swing —almost to the point of actual war con ditions.' But surely if the war menace is so terrible in Europe any hurried scheme of populating Australia could not be ef fective unless hundreds of thousands of British unemployed men were dumped into our main ports. And how these men could be effective fighters without emr ployment- and proper modern military equipment, and without factories behind them to ensure dependable supplies, i§ something that Admiral Feakes omitte-J to explain. # : * IT J S.: Quite evidently the advent of th$ * * ? Labor Party, to Governmental power in New Zealand has not caused any earth quakes or tidalr waves. As a matter of fact, Labor's victory seems to have stirred up the red corpuscles in the blood of business. At anyrate, W. R. Carey, manager of the Kaiapoi Woollen Co., Christchurch, who arrived in Sydney last Thursday, said that since the elections things are looking much, better for busi ness in the Shaky Isles. 'Land,' he added, 'is being reclassified in sympathy with lower values. The position; is being met by the mortgagors and the Crown, and this is - creating a ? confidence which is being, reflected - -in; business.'';, -Evidently Labor Prime Minister Savage has, realised that artificially high land values both directly and indirectly react on, the cost of living — especially in the .matter of rents. Consequently, he is getting down to primary causes .instead of, as Tory Governments have done, endeavoring to white-wash inevitable results. V -RAY ; Prime Minister .Lyons seems to be becoming conscious of the fact that; he has nearly strutted the whole of his politically apostate part on the Tory stage. For at the Castle Hill (near Sydney) Show last Saturday, indignantly denying cer tain rumors, the ex-Laborite said : 'I- have no intention whatever of getting out. As long as God gives me the health and! strength to go on with the job, and as long as there is work to be done for Aus tralia and the Empire, I am prepared to' carry on;' Noisy heroics, of course; but' then W. M. Hughes, Ramsay MacDonald, arid many other prominent ex-Laborites' similarly boasted. If not quite overlooked to-day, these irien no longer receive the1 j acclaim that came their way when they' were regarded as trusted representatives' jof the Labor- Movement^/ ~ ' 