KEMPSEY POLICE COURT. vr ? Wednesday, October 7, before Mr. F. Grugeon, P.M. H. M. Johnston was fined 21- and 8/- costs for failure to return an ex pired number plate. Mr. Johnston, who pleaded guilty, said he had posted £1/13/- in postal notes for renewal of the plate, but had heard nothing till three or four weeks later, when he'd had to pay the same amount again. L. Ritchie proceeded against Frank Campbell on a charge of alleged as sault. Mr. A. G. Brindley appeared for plaintiff; and Mr. Phil Sheridan for defendant, who pleaded guilty. ^Ir. Brindley said the assault had been a further step in the Ritchie Campbell feud. Campbell was ordered to enter into a bond, self in £10 and one surety of £10, to be of good behaviour for a period of twelve months, also to pay costs totalling £2/10/ Health Inspector Kaylock, on be half of Kempsey Council, proceeded against John Fern for depositing garb age on a vacant allotment in West Kempsey, within a short distance of a dwelling house. Defendant pleaded guilty. Inspector Kaylock said that defend ant had deposited a drum of decayed fruit and vegetable matter on a vacant allotment in River-street, about 180 feet from a dwelling. The drum had been dropped there during the night and the contents were in a very decomposed state, causing a bad odor. As the drum rolled down the hill the contents had spilt out of it The owner of the allotment. Mr. J. Bond, had paid 5/- to have the offensive matter buried. He asked that defend ant be made an example of. Defendant said he was a carrier. He had a contract to remove such refuse from certain premises. At one place he had instruction to fill an old well, ' and some he took to the tip. He had Mr. Bond's permission to dump rub bjsh on this allotment to fill a depres sion. He was unaware that the con tents of the drum were offensive. Inspector Kaylock: Only loads of earth- and suchlike material should be dumped in the hollow. A fine of £3 was imposed, with 8/ costs, and 5/- expenses of owner. Twenty-eight days were allowed for payment. D. Clarke applied for a garaishee order on the Macleay Dairy Company in connection with a small debts case against Lionel Sargent. There being no appearance of the parties the case was struck out. At Gladstone Police Court on Thurs day Maxwell Smith was fined 21- with 8/- costs for failure to notify transfer of a motor vehicle. Defendant said the car had been repossessed by the firm from which he purchased it. and he did not know it was necessary to notify transfer in the event of repos session. Mr. Grugeon. P.M. :* 'You are a bit unlucky. You are supposed to. know the regulations. I don't know how you are going to -know them.' Perth, West Australia, reports that the Consul-General fpr Denmark is considering the possibility of Danish immigrants taking over abandoned and other holdings on group settlements in the south-west. He found that the farms on the settlements were quite good if worked properly. Wellington, New Zealand, reported Friday last that a terrific gale swept the town that day, doing much dam age. The force of the wind may be judged by the fact that four women jtnd a man were taken to hospital for injuries they sustained when blown off their feet One of the victims had a leg fractured the while blown into a stationary car. 