MACKAY DANISH CHURCH. On October 3, 1891, a half-acre of land, described as allotment 1 of sec tion 6. in the town of Mackny, was vested in three trustee.-' — Messrs. N. C. Mortlu iiscn, N. Peterson, and N. P. Willniann — for the use and behoof of tile congregation of the Mackay Scan dinavian Lutheran Church for the purpose of public worship. On the death in August, 1935, of Mr. Will niann, the last survivor, it became tiiLi oriii ,v id iiv» ti uotccoi uiiu a meeting of Scandinavian Lutherans duly called for that, purpose took place at Armati's Chnmbers, Victoria- street, on Saturday last. There was a big attendance of local Danes, and there were also present Mr. F. Dunne (per sonal representative of the last sur vivor). and Mr. W. A. Amiet, the estate solicitor. Mr. S. A. Lilliendal wns voted to the chair, and after read-' big out a number of apologies he" ex plained the position that had arisen. Mr. Dunne explained his position as administrator, and Mr. Amiet de scribed the legal formalities. Mr. J. C. Rasinussen expressed himself as strongly in favor of retaining the land for the purpose of worship. There were many young Danes about Mac kny. he said, and there was the possi bility of further immigration. Mr. M. M. C. Mortensen favored continuance of the local control of the land. Mr. F. Hansen referred to the fact that a Danish Church formerly stood on the land, and Mr. A. H. Tidemann recol lected that it was erected about 1877 and lasted until destroyed by a cyclone in 1897. Mrs. Oliver mentioned that she had been confirmed in that build ing. Mr. Soren Pedersen opposed any suggestion that the land should be sold for tile purpose of the proceeds being spent in Brisbane. He moved that three trustees be appointed, and this was seconded by Mr. Rasniussen and carried. On nominations being called for the offlce, Messrs. M. M. C. Mor tensen, C. V. J. Jonasson, and J. C. Petersen were named. It was then moved by Mr. A. E. E. Ostenfeldt, nnd seconded by Mr. Rasniussen, that Mr. Dunne be requested nnd directed to appoint the three selected gentlemen ns new trustees to hold the land. This motion also was carried unanimously, after which Messrs. Macrossan and Amiet were Instructed to register the new appointment, and the meeting closed with a vote ot thanks to the chair. 