^ SAILING SHIPS Old Times Recalled Hobart in the 'Sixties The old days of tho sailing ships were fondly recalled by Mr. Henry Christie, of 195 Harrington Street, Ho- bart, in an interview yesterday. He was celebrating lila 92nd birthday, and looked so hale and hearty that he might Well pass for 75. . Mr. Christie was born in Denmark, and his boyhood memories aro of tho port of Hamburg, where his father fol- lowed bis calling as a ship-rigger. The love of the sea was in the blood, and in 1S60 ho was glad to'take the offer of a wealthy uncle, Jacob Christie, tb still with him to Van Diemen's Band. The family travelled as cabin passen- gers, and Mr. Christie still remembers tho pnssage from Melbourne ir> tho brig Boreas, that wus loaded with , immi- grants. The city was still known as Hobart Town, and Pot t Arthur was still in full swing. "When wo landed," Mr. -Christie' said, "we went straight to Port Esperance, where my uncle had a proporty. Ho had In mind to sell this, and go back to Denmark. Three years later, however, ho. died, and, al- though I had some help from my aunt, in the main I had to look after myself. I worked 12 months for tho Cascade Brewery Company, but worked-ns, a bushman, splitting palings arid so on for 30 years at Port Esperance; and- for 40 years on the West Coast ? I never worked In tho mines. But, although I have spent nearly all my life In the bush, 1 am still fond of the sea and of the old sailing ships that were such a delight to tho eye when I first landed in Hobart Town." ' . ! Mr. Christie never went to Behool in Tasmania, but has taught himself to read, and has twice read through the Bible. He has beon thrice '-'married His first wife, by whom bo had 14 chil- dren, died In 1918, and his second wit«, died in 1921. He found a-companion for tho evening of life in a third wlfi some years ago. He had a big opera tlon for an internal complaint In 1917, but came through all right, and has folt well over since. Mr. Christie professes the faith of tba Seventh Day Adventists, and. has a broad and tolerant religious outlook. Members of his kindred still survivo as witnesses to the strength of character of the Danish settlers who played no small part in clearing and planting tho State of Tasmania. 