P.P. UNION I CENTRAL RIVERS DISTRICT COUNCIL QUARTERLY MEETING AT WINGHAM The quarterly meeting of the . Cen tral Rivers District Council of' the P.P. Union took place in the Memorial Town Hall, Wingham, on Wednesday last, August 26, 1936. The President, Mr. J. Mudford (Pampoolah) occupied the chair. TkKT.HrtATES PRF.SHNT. The following delegates were in at tendance: Aldavilla: Mr.. A. G. Ennis. Byabarra: Mr. Bert Suters. Central Hastings: Messrs. A. D. Suters, , J. . Bain, J. Graham and H. Bain. Comboyne: Messrs. G. W. Young and G. Smith. Euroka: Messrs. A. Jeffery and F. E. Ward. Jones Island: Messrs. D. J. Clune, R. M. Cairns, H. C. Ruprecht, T. J. Laurie and G. Hayward. Jersey ville: Messrs. K. Duncan and N. Brett. Killabakh: Mr. w. H. Lattimore. Marlee: Messrs. W. Robinson and Allck Cameron. Nulla Creek: Mr. W. Schmidt. Pampoolah: Messrs. J. Mudford and Fernley. JPappinbarra: Messrs. W. H. Blythe and E. W. Trotter. Toorooka: Mr. A. Notley. Taree: Messrs. F. Redman, L. Rich ardson and C. E. Drury. Upper Lansdowne: Messrs. J. Mc Laughlin and C. Bennett. Upper Belmore:' Mr. W. Hodgson. Bellangry: Mr. Percy Trotter. Wherrol Flat: Messrs. W. J. Wams ley and M. Bell. Wingham: Messrs. E. L. R. Keech, A. Abbott, G. H. Smart, and A. Cam eron (Secretary) . Wallamba: Messrs. G. A. Paff, G. Parker and R. Milliken. Dondingalong: Mr. M. Butterfield. Bulga: Messrs. R. R. Alley and F. W. Coleman. , The Mayor of Wingham (Aid. E. L R. Keech), the General President of the P.P.U. (Mr. M. P. Dunlop, M.L.C.), and Messrs. J. S. Williams (Taxation Department), and C. E. Ahrens (Agro stologist) were also present. SYMPATHY. The President expressed 'regret at the illness of Mr. F. A. Fitzpatrick ('Wing- ham Chronicle') which precluded his attendance at the meeting. He com mented on Mr. Fltzpatrlck's ability as a journalist, and the fullness and fair ness of reports. The latter was because Mr. Fitzpatrick was country minded. Mr. Fitzpatrick was also liberal minded. Ho held that the P.P.U. were both. The P.P.U. had done a lot for the country. WELCOME. The President then extended a wel come to all present. They were glad, he said, to have with them the General President of he P.P.U. (Mr. Dunlop), the Mayor of Wingham (Mr. Keech) and Mr. Ahrens. The Mayor of Wingham (Aid. Keech) assured all that they were welcome. If they wished to write a letter or use the telephone the Municipal office were at their disposal. He hoped they would carry out pleasant recollections of their deliberations in Wingham. The President appropriately acknow ledged the welcome given by the Mayor. MR. DUNLOP'S ADDRESS. At this stage Mr. M. P. Dunlop ad dressed the gathering. (Mr. Dunlop said: 'The decision of the Privy Council in regard to Section 92 of the Com monwealth Constitution settles for all time the question which for many years has exercised the minds of Govern ments and Courts in Australia. 'Despite this adverse decision, so far as the dairying industry is con cerned there is no need for alarm or panic. 'When the Federal Legislation was framed to supplement the State legis lation, making the present system of equalisation possible, we, who were responsible for the introduction of the present system, always had In mind the possibility of a decision such as has now been given, and we made our plans accordingly after consulting our legal advisers. The existing State legislation is in no way affected by the decision of the Privy Council. This is clearly indicated by the action of the Minister for Agriculture in N.S.W. promulgating the quotas for consump tion within the State for the months of August and September, 'Under the Dairy Products Act in each of the three main producing States, the Stalutory Boards, operating under these Acts, will Still function, and the Minister in each State, acting on their advice, as in the past, still has power to declare the quota for con sumption within the boundaries of the respective States. '*'«iJu _addition to this the Agreement made between the manufacturers of dairy products (that is, the factories both co-operative and proprietary), and the Commonwealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, Ltd., still holds good, and Is binding on both parties, subject to six months' notice of ter mination by either party. 'That is the position to-day despite scare headings to a section of the Press and wild statements by irresponsible persons who probably have a motive for making such statements, and I re peat, that there is no occasion to be unduly perturbed at present. ???? ? 'The existing system, which has operated smoothly since its inception in May, . 1934, has been administered economically, at a cost of approxi mately one penny per hundredweight. The system has been equitable both to the consumer and to the producer, and has been in the interests of both — and in the interests of the State. The whole position has been reviewed calmly and dispassionately by the * leaders in the industry, , who in Mel bourne on 31st July, submitted their views in writing and orally to the Acting Minister for Commerce (Mr. Thorby), the Minister for the Interior ;(Mr. Paterson), and the Acting Attor ney-General (Senator Brennan). 'The meeting was held in camera at the express wish of the Ministers, and at this stage I am unable to disclose what transpired — except to say that the recommendations which we sub mitted to the Government were unani mously endorsed by every section of the industry, a fact which each Minis ter in his reply commented upon fav orably. 'Another point which was emphasised by us was the fact that in 1933, when 'we pressed the Federal and State Goverimients for the introduction of the legislation now under review, we gave the definite assurance that if given the wide powers made possible by such legislation, there would be no exploi tation of any section of the community. . 'We have adhered strictly to the spirit and the letter of that under taking — a fact which Mr. Thorby men tioned very pointedly more than once during the conference. 'I am confident that from the re marks of the Ministers, they recognise the national importance and value of the present system, and are anxious* to preserve it. 'If we should find difficulty in main taining the present position under our agreements, and new legislation be comes necessary, I am equally sure that the Government will have suffi cient confidence in those who have administered the present system during the last two years, to again entrust them with the control and management of their own affairs. This principle :is embodied in the recommendations sub mitted to the Government, and if suc cess follows our efforts there will be no Government control or interference. There may be an alteration in the methods adopted, but the result to the producer will be the same, which, in my opinion, is all that matters. 'At this' crisis in the history of the industry, no good purpose will be served in raking over the ashes of the dead past. It is admitted that in the past certain, difficulties and anomalies have occurred — most of them- were met and overcome — some of minor importance perhaps, remained as a source of irritation and annoyance. These should now be forgotten in the greater prob lem which we have to face. A problem of national importance in the solving of which individuals, groups, districts and even States should betentirely for gotten, and the problem faced and dealt with as an Australian problem. Dairying is now a great Australian primary industry, recognised as such by those in authority, and we will be sadly lacking in our duty if we allow the narrow parochial' view to interfere and bias our judgment in our deliber ations on the all-important matters now before us. 'I conclude as I commenced, with the observation that there is no need for even the suggestion that the ex isting system has broken down, or will break down, and any manufacturer or factory which attempts to take ad vantage of the present temporary feel ing of uncertainty which has been deliberately fostered by those whose interests are opposed to ours, must be prepared to take the full responsi bility of any action on their part likely to interfere in any way with the con tinued smooth working of the system which has saved those engaged in the industry from financial disaster.' Mr. J. McLaughlin said this would legalise- the Paterson Scheme. Mr. Dunlop said it would do so and go further. It would eliminate the speculation. Under the Paterson Scheme with all its virtue, the specu lator waxed fat. Mr. Alley: Will the butter position be better all round? ' Mr. Dunlop said all depended on London. It was difficult to forecast the London position. He did not attempt, to do so, because they could make so many mistakes. He had been informed by people, including proprietary men, that the present London price, would hold for some time. Mr. Jeffery moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Dunlop. He said that after hear ing Mr. Dunlop's address they realised more than ever how much they owed to the Union. They should stick to gether, and be 100 per cent P.P.U. Mr. Trotter seconded the motion, and asked that there be included confidence In the administration of the P.P.U. Mr. Jeffery agreed. The. motion was carried by acclama tion.. Mr. Dunlop, in response, said that after the Privy Council decision was given he received three telegrams ask ing what was the position. He replied to carry on., He discussed^ the. matter with Mr. . L. Q. Martin, M.L.A., for some time. Mr. Martin asked if they would like him to attend a meeting. He replied that they would. Mr. Mar tin attended as Mr. Martin, not as Minister of Justice, and for two hours they had the benefit of his advice. Frankly, he was not satisfied with the position as regarded the Privy Council. He now thought they had the machinery 1 to deal with the matter. ^ ADDRESS BY MR. WILLIAMS. Mr. J. S., Williams said that ad dresses from Officers of the Taxation Department were quite an innovation, - and the Commissioner had found them most successful. Officers had been able to break down a feeling of dis trust on the part of the taxpayers. The Commissioner had a warm spot in his heart for the dairying industry, ? for he knew what those engaged, in it had to contend with. This was a good will gesture, and not a foraging expe dition. At Coff's Harbor he had adver tised that he would see people and they need not tell him who they were. Many saw him, and he answered questions without knowing who they were. The Department did not want to squeeze everything they could out of taxpay ers. The Commissioner was desirous of giving people the advantage of all the concessions they were entitled to.^ The object of the visit was largely to* explain the live-stock schedule, which was a problem in itself,- The visits brought the city to the country. In the city they had a number of inter viewing officers who were kept busy all day long. A lot was done by cor respondence. He would advise them to give a little more information than was asked for in the returns, say when they made a special sale. He had been asked should a farmer furnish a return when he. made -a loss.. The reply was definitely to do so. They were en titled to carry forward a loss for two years. That applied to the Income Tax— not the Special Income Tax, which was equivalent to the Wages Tax. It was now necessary to keep records. He thought that was in the interest of both the Department and the taxpayer. The Commissioner did not want them to keep an elaborate set of books. A note book would do. They should keep a record of receipts and expenditure of particular items, and it would be easier at the end of the year to make up the tax return. The Officer also spoke on the matter of factory returns. The gross receipts should be put in. One speaker had said the industry could pay only 10s per week. They were entitled to put the amount in if it was paid in the carrying on of the business. They were entitled to put in for keep of children over 16 years of age, if they were wholly employed in the business and received no wages.- But the maxi mum amount allowed was £1 per week. There were people who said: 'I will take the risk, and not send in a re turn.' They had a very efficient system of check. In a series of newspaper articles the Commissioner had given very valuable and sympathetic advics. He had been empowered to say that where a taxpayer got in first and said he h^d made a mistake, the Com missioner would not prosecute. But the Commissioner would probably charge an amount to cover interest on the money he had not had in the past. In the past there had not been uniformity ? in the Federal and State Tax forms as to live-stock. He found that farm ers had adopted one set of values, and the Commissioner had accepted these. It was .mandatory really to have cost price or market selling value. Which ever basis of valuation you have adopt ed in the past should be continued. In the future they would be able to balance their figures. A farmer had asked if he should put in values for calves he had knocked in the head. He said that should not be done. It had been said that there would be a batch of prosecutions after his visit. All he was sending in now was a list , of people who wanted extensions of time in which to send in their returns. Mr. Williams told Mr. Young that he thought it would be to the farmers' advantage to put in a - uniform value for stock. There was give and take all along the line. If the Commissioner had any slogan it would be that the people who could least afford to bear it should not pay more than they were required to pay. Mr. Suters was informed that all pur chases should be shown. Mr. Williams also dealt with the matter of depreciation. On power plant it was 5 per cent., and on other plant 10 per cent. Mr. Bennett said that receipts were demanded, say on freight. Mr. Williams said that receipts were not demanded. The farmer should just keep a record of the gross amounts and show them in the first page of the return. Mr. Williams told Mr. Blythe that his advice was to always give gross figures,, for there wa sjt an appropriate place to show the deductions. Mr. Suters said that i\was thought a bit unfair that they were: not allowed ? ? - ! ' ' 'l' ' Vi ? I' III M.i'i .1 I . I li.n I anything for boarding a child between 14 and 16 years of age. ' Mr. Williams said that, was a con cessional deduction, and £50 was' al lowed for Income Tax purposes, but not for Special Income Tax. , Mr. Clune said a lot of farmers did not pay their children wages, but paid for clothes and gave them money when they went into town. Were they not entitled to put in an amount such as they would pay to a stranger? : Mr. Williams said he thought that when a farmer paid money to his chil dren in that way, he should keep a record of it. He thought that should be allowed. He had not. heard the point raised before, and would tell the Commissioner he had given that ad vice. ' Mr. Alley asked that where a son worked for the good of' the farm, and the farmer put down £1 per week for ham, was he also entitled to put in the amount for clothes? iMr.. Williams said he thought the question was covered by the previous question. ; A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Vyilliams, on the motion of Mr. Blythe, seconded by Mr. Suters. ROAD DEDICATION. I From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, as follows: 'With | further reference to resolution re affirmed at the last meeting of the Central Executive, having reference to the above mentioned matter. I now have pleasure in quoting letter from the Minister for Works and Local Gov ernment in reply to your alternate sug gestion: 'I refer to your letter of 4th July, - conveying a further resolution by your Central Executive requesting that I the Local Government Act be amend- ' ed to permit of roads less than 66-ft. width being dedicated In the Eastern Division , where they are not through roads, and desire to state that I have gone carefully into the matter, but regret that I cannot see my way to recommend that the Act be amended in» the manner suggested.' ' Mr. Jeffery moved that a deputation wait on the Minister during the next Executive meeting, in regard to the matter. He said he did not think the Government understood the matter. Mr. Schmidt seconded the motion. He did not think such roads should be: 66-ft. wide. The motion was carried. UNEMPLOYMENT RELIEF TAX. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, as follows: 'Un- employment Relief Tax. That as the Department are throwing the respon sibility on to Local Government bodies to find funds for. the relief of unem ployment, they be asked to repeal the Unemployment Relief Tax.'' The Deputy Premier (Mr. . M. F. Bruxner) wrote thus: 'The purpose of the Special Income and Wages Tax Act is to meet the financial emergency which has existed during recent years, by the imposition of Special Taxes, and' it was designed to levy contribu tions from all sections of the com munity who were considered able ,to pay those taxes. During the last three years the rates of tax have been substantially reduced, and con cessions have been made, especially to taxpayers on the smaller incomes, the last reduction operating from the 18th January, 1936, when the rates on in comes under £5 per week were con siderably reduced as compared with the rates previously existing. The policy of the Government, as enunci ated by the Premier in his last policy speech is that as the financial position continues to improve, so will the Gov ernment continue to lift the burdens that have been placed upon the people during the depression, and thereby give further effect, from time to time, to the policy of which the Government has already been able to afford a great deal of relief.' Mr. Blythe said that with the amend ment of the Act, the Councils would have to borrow money to carry on works for which they had already paid. The Councils had done as much to re lieve unemployment as the Govern ments had done. With more people in employment more wages would be paid. He contended that the tax was not be ing put out for the special purpose for which it was levied. Mr. McLaughlin said their trouble was the disposition of the tax. He did not think it will be wise to repeal the tax. He was surprised to hear an Exe cutive say, in .the presence of a repre sentative of the Taxation Department above all people, that the dairying was one of the few industries in Australia which was on a staple basis. Something should be done to help the poor people who were working on a starvation basis. The farmers could not afford to pay higher wages. Men were being paid 10s per week. He would be much hap pier If he Had not to tell the truth. CONSTITUTION AND RULES, AND COLLECTION OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, drawing atten tion to resolutions carried at the last meeting of the Central Executive Coun cil, in regard to constitution and rules, and collection of subscriptions.— Re- ceived. CLOSER SETTLEMENT. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received from the Acting Sec retary, Prime Minister's Department, Canberra, in regard to urging .the Federal Government to initiate a scheme which would induce suitable settlers to come, to tha Commonwealth. —Received. STOCK MEDICINES. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received from the Minister for Agriculture, in reference to persons selling stock medicines. — Received. AGROSTOLOGISTS. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received from the Minister for Agriculture in reference to the valu able work carried out by the Agrosto logists who are stationed at Lismore and Maitland. — Received. s EXECUTIVE COUNCIL. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, notifying the dates of the next session of the Cen tral Executive Council.— Received. SALES TAX ON LUBRICATING OILS. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, as follows: 'I refer- to the representations made to the Hon. the Minister for Trade and Customs for the exemption from Sales Tax of lubricating oils used for agri cultural purposes. You may. be as sured that this matter will be con sidered by the Government in con nection with the forthcoming budget proposals.— Regarded as satisfactory. VISIT OF TAXATION OFFICER. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, fenclosing schedule of dates and towns which an Officer form the Taxation Depart ment will visit to give information in regard to taxation matters. The Officer will be at Wingham from 31st. August till the 2nd. September.— Received. NON-RECEIPT OF 'PRIMARY ; PRODUCERS' NEWS.' From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, in regard to let ter received from Mr. R. J. Weber, cf Tinonee, complaining of non-receipt of his copy of 'The Primary Producer.' —Deferred to next meeting. MOTOR TRANSPORT ACT. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, outlining regu lation 117, Motor Transport Act, which, deals with the maximum length, etc., of loads conveyed on highways.— Re- ceived. SWINE COMPENSATION FUND. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, furnishing the latest information with regard to the financial position' of the Swine Com pensation Fund. Wingham condemna tion was .61. — Received. REDUCTION IN SWINE COMPENSATON TAX. 1 From Hon. L. o. Martin, Minister of Justice, as follows: 'With reference to your personal representations on be half of the Wingham Branch of the Primary Producers' Union, urging that a reduction be made in the Swine Compensation Tax, I desire to inform you thali this matter is considered from time to time, but it is regretted that at the present time it is not possible to grant the request. You will remem ber that last year a Bill was passed by Parliament to reduce the tax from Is to 9d per head, this being the first reduction made since the Act caine into force in 1928. You will appreciate, therefore, that the Government has not been unmindful of the pig owners in this connection. I might mention ''that the statement before me in respect of the half-year ended 31st December, 1935, indicates that the revenue received under the Fund, during this period amounted to £9,193 19s 8d, whereas the amount paid in claims totalled £11,106 12s 6d. Whilst at the moment there is a credit balance in hand, the posi tion of the fund will not permit of any further reduction at the. present time. Meanwhile, certain interests are press ing the matter in other ways, all of which will be beneficial. My own idea is that the State should be cut into districts, and if the farmers in one district by their industry and capa city free their district of swine disease, the tax should come down accordingly in that district. To do this a system of branding would become essential. Further, as T.B. is the expensive di sease, I think we ought to modify the payments made on condemns through T.B., with a view to compelling people to be more careful, and not to allow good farmers to be penalised by bad where results have followed on careful attention to disease, as in our own Bacon Factory.' The President said that there was op the agenda paper a motion dealing with this matter. WORKERS' COMPENSATION. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received from the Acting Pre mier in connection with Workers' Com pensation. The President said It was not satis factory, but they did not know what to do. Mr. Keech: Not till we get National Insurance. The letter was received. WATER ACT. From Mr. Cecil Christian, Bellira boplnni, Macleay River, attaching a letter from the General President of the P.P.U. in reply to his communi cation requesting the assistance of the P.P;U. in securing urgent amendments' to the Water Act 1912. .'-I'. -.1 . ..,i' ;.h|| ?' Mr. Dunlop said he had seen Mi'. Spooner, who had agreed to bring in a Bill to cover all those matters. VARIOUS MATTERS. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers Union, as follows: (1) Conference of Empire Producers-, advising that Mr. Dunlop has been honored in . that he has been, made . chairman of the Country Committee in connection with Australia's 150th Anniversary Celebrations. (2) Dairy Research Institute, advis ing that at the Factory Managers and Secretaries' Conference held recently a resolution was carried approving the principle of establishing a Dairy Re search Institute with which would bs associated organisations in each State similar to the Hawkesbury Agricultural College, and provision would be , made for a co-ordinating officer to conduct Dairy Research. (3) Agrostologists: The question of appointing additional agrostologists is ' now being considered by the Minister for Agriculture, but I am not in a po sition to report anything definite at the i . moment. (4) Swine Compensation: The Min ister for Agriculture has advised that it will not be possible to introduce legislation relating to fire-branding of pigs during this session, but same will be introduced as soon as possible. Fur ther that additional Veterinary Sur l geons will be detailed to follow up con demnations at Bacon factories as soon as practicable.— Received. THE AGROSTOLOGIST. Mr. C. E. Ahrens, Agr osteologist, said, that part of the competition they had decided upon at. the Wauchope meet ing was being carried on and he hoped to finalise the judging at the Tatee end next week. Farmers have told him they had not entered 'the competition for. the purpose of getting prize money, but to get him .on to the farm to give advice as to pasture. He desired to know if they wished to have a com petition next year, so that if they did so, he could get on with the organisation at once. He also desired to know if they wished the distribution of a cir cular setting out information about the establishment of winter pastures. ? Mr. Blythe was informed that an open competition would not be so sat isfactory from his point of view. The inclusion of old plots would not be fair to new ones. Mr. Trotter said he would like to see all plots put in, and additional points given for new plots. Mr. Ahrens suggested a competition similar to the one held last year. - Mr. Robinson moved that a compe tition similar to last year be held. Mr. Young seconded the motion, which was carried. In reply to a question, Mr. Ahre-.F said the circular would be included In the motion. Mr. Ahrens said the number of en-* tries received last year, 64, was very satisfactory, seeing it waB the first year. The Lower Hunter had 61 entries in the second year. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Ahrens, on the motion of Mr. Alley, seconded by Mr. . Young. ??Mr. Dunlop congratulated Mr. Ahrens on the wonderful success which had followed his efforts in the Lower Hun ter. He was a member of the Aus tralian Dairy Council and would recom mend that in future seed be distributed in such a way that gentlemen like Mr. Ahrens could have control over it, Last year the Council had distributed sufficient seed arid fertiliser for 7000 acres. The Secretary was empowered to pay the prizes as soon as he got the list of ? prize winners from Mr. Ahrens. SECRETARY'S REPORT. The Secretary (Mr. A. Cameron) pre sented the following report: Receipts: Subcriptions £295 2s fid, Balance April 30th, £230 5s 9d.— Total £525 8s 3d. Expenditure: Dc-legates Expenses £6d 6s 6d, Branch Expenses £2 0s 6d, Head Office £188, Secretary Travelling, etc £8 18s 6d, Printing and Advertising £3 7s 6d, Stamps £1 2s, Insurance £3 2s, Allowance to Factories Secretaries £7 16s, Bank Charges 5/6, Balance, less, unpresented cheques £244 9s !)d. — Total £525 8S '3d. The report was adopted. DELEGATES' REPORT. Gentlemen — It is again my priv ilege to present a report of the conference of the Central Execu tive of your Union, held ab the Board rooms in Bridge Street, on 24th and 25th June. The General President, Mr. Mi P. Dunlop, in his Presidential ad- ' dress, gave a clear explanation of various important matters connect-', ed with the Union, and such has al ready appeared in the 'Primary . Producer.' Anglo - Danish Trade Agreement. Early in the Conference it was learned that the Anglo - Danish trade agreement, which expired recently, had been renewed by the British Government, with a provi sion that it may be terminated by four months notice by either party. This matter was earnestly discus sed by your Executive, and it was ( Continued on piigc 4. ) * P.P. UNION ( ('mil imu'il f mm front pngi\ ) deemed advisable to cable Dr. Pago in London, and ask that Dominion trading preference in Britain bo cltcctlvely safeguarded. It has since been stated that the agreement was only renewed for four months. The action of your Union in this matter has since been criticised by two Cabinet Ministers, both Fed eral and State respectively, who both appeared to console them selves with the idea that the An glo-Danish agreement was going to rob Australia of nothing. It may not be out of place to remind them that Australia has recently made big trading concessions to Britain, and we certainly expect some favourable trade treatment in return. It is still fi-ash iii our mind that the treaty in its present form, contracted for England to take from Denmark more butter than Denmark was able to send her ; but so soon as Australia made a reasonable increase in her yearly output the matter of restricting our amount of export was quickly hint ed at by the British Ministry. We quite appreciate the fact that Britain must trade with Denmark, in order to market much of her own manufactured goods, &c.;, but it seems hard to follow the sugges tion of the Acting Minister for Commerce that the nation as a whole is richer thereby, when the trading balance is about £20,000,000 annually in favour of Denmark. As this is definitely a debit trade balance between the two countries, it must apparently be made good by Britain in hard cash. It ap pears that after making all allow ances for the trade between the two countries, that the British con sumer, as well as taking heavy sup plies of Danish dairy produce, has also to foot the bill for the large amount previously mentioned ; hence is only able to buy Austra lian butter at the ruinous prices ruling since the Anglo-Danish ag reement of 1931. We have a right to ask that in any new agreement provision will be made for a reasonable increase in our butter exports to London, and so allow a necessary yearly ex pansion of the dairy industry. Further than this, it seems a matter of sheer impossibility for Australian dairy farmers to, in any way, fall in with the suggestion of a duty on all butter we export to England. Australia has recently made important trade and Customs concessions to British goods enter ing the Commonwealth, and we, at least, expect that our Federal Ministers will in this instance show some interest in our primary indus tries, and bargain for the free entry of Australia's primary products on the British market ; failing that, if a duty has. to be paid on butter, then the Commonwealth should undertake to pay it, as a national responsibility, and not saddle it on the dairy industry, which is not in a position to carry if. Empire Producers' Conference. This matter appears to be taking definite shape. The idea has been approved of by the Australian Pri- . mary Producers' Association. It seems important that we should have a conference in London of Empire dairy producing interests prior to the Imperial Conference in 1937. There are vital interests, and ap parent misunderstanding on many dairy matters between England and Australia that will never be clearly understood until the producers themselves discuss them from THEIR point of view. Following the Empire producers' conference in London in 1937, it is likely that a further Empire pro ducers' conference will be held in Sydney in 1938, as part of the cele brations of Australia's 150th anni versary. These conferences should secure a better understanding, and do much to promote co- operation be tween the dairy producers of both countries ; and advantage will be taken of the visit of Empire dele gates to take them through coun try districts and so allow them to , make contact with our dairy farm ers and the industry as it actu- \ ally is. . I 'The Primary Producer.' The balance sheet of our news paper to the 31st May shows a fur ther improvement, and it appears that in the near future additional space in the journal is both neces sary and justifiable. Fire Insurance on Buildings. A lengthy and exhaustive report from The Australian Insurance , and Banking Record made it very' clear that the insurance companies, cannot see any justice in the claim that they should pay the full am ount of the policy when a building is destroyed by fire. They contend that the owner has his remedy by steadily reducing the value of the building, and thereby securing a lower premium. I note they made no suggestion of how they, meet a case, of where improvements , have made a building more valuable, or by what means they arrive at the depreciation of a building that nei . ther they nor their agents may have seen for many years. Noxious Weeds. , The Department of Agriculture could not see its way clear to agree to send out dried specimens of nox ious weeds, as it contends that in the process of drying the character of the weed alters, nnd renders identification very difficult. Workers' Compensation Increased Rates. Information secured on this mat ter undoubtedly showed that the cost of claims paid in recent years had increased at least 100 per cent. The insurance companies claim that farmers are responsible for bolstering up the claims of their employees. To this statement we take exception, but there is cause for concern, and our Executive will Interview the BJME.A. and ask for more careful consideration of claims. Standardisation of Wearing Parts of Agricultural slmplements and Machinery. This is an important matter, and at least some progress has been made. When finalised, it should do much to cheapen many replace ment parts of farm machinery. Roads Less than 66 feet Wide. It was agreed to re-submit the request that roads less than 66 ft. wide be allowed to be dedicated in the Eastern division of the State . Co-operation in the Marketing of Export Butter with New Zealand. This question was again defer red until such time as some in formation can be secured as ? to what line New Zealand adopts un der its new system. Up .to the present, it seems a closely guard ed political secret, and no inform ation of any value seems available. Bounty on Butter. This was also deferred until the verdict of the Privy Council in the James appeal case comes to hand. Inigo Jones' Weather Forecasts. This would cost our paper at least £26 per . year, and it was de cided. not to subscribe to the in formation, but from time to time weather news of value to farmers will be printed. T.B. Infection in Cattle. Information, was ? given that sOme cows made available by a Southern Estate, which re acted to the T.B.. test, were slaugh tered, and did riot show the slightest trace of the disease. It was agreed the Executive watch the matter very closely in the interests of the dairy farmers. Straying Stock. Amendments are being drafted to the 'Cruelty to Animals Act,' which will make it an offence to aban don animals. A copy of the am endments will be submitted to our Executive when completed. Branding of Bottles. This matter is still under consid-' eration, and should be finalised shortly. . f . Butter Substitutes. It was again agreed to ask the Federal Government to place an Excise duty on butter substitutes wherein imported fats and oils are incorporated ; such duty to be big enough to prevent their profit able sale at a price lower than that fixed from time to, time for choic est butter. In expressing my own opinion on this matter, it appears as if neither our Federal or State . Government has any intention of introducing any legislation that will in any way interfere with the free manufac ture and distribution of this un necessary article. The Federal Government say s it is a responsibility for the State Government to deal with, and ap parently the only indication we have of any likely . action by the State Government is- that the man ufacturers may be compelled to market it in either a white or saf fron colour. When we realise that the whole manufacture of butter substitutes is now confined to Sydney, and that during the last year another com pany has been formed, arid en tered into business, it looks as . if manufacturers have some as surance that not much will be done to inconvenience them in any way. District Representation Central Executive. . Proposals from Tweed and Rich mond District Councils were sub mitted for a change to the following basis: — 500 members; or part thereof one delegate ; 501 to 1500 members two delegates, | and one additional delegate j for each additional 1000 members. . . There were replies from 10 other District Councils opposing any al teration in the rule re representa tion- on the Central Executive. ? Needless to say, the suggested al teration from Richmond and Tweed was well beaten. The Executive officers recommended that no ad ditional delegates be appointed, but that extra votes be given, as follows:— 500 members or part thereof 1 vote 501 to 1500 members 2 votes. 1501 to 2500 members 3 votes. 2501, to 3500 members 4 votes. This was hardly practicable in some instances, and was also de feated. Then came the knock-out, when a delegate from Richmond calmly moved — 'That Tweed, Richmond and Illawarra District .Councils be allowed to continue their addi tional representatives for the re maining sessions of +bis year. This was carried, despite the fact that 10 District Councils had expressed themselves as opposed to any alter ation of the representation. Your Delegates adhered to the decision of our District Council, and spoke and voted against any , alteration. A certain elasticity seems to have crept into tills Dis trict. Council representation that, in my opinion, is ridiculous ; and, as I have previously remarked, it Is at times hard to account for the vote at times recorded by some delegates. The Various Remits from Our Dis trict Council were as follows - Displaying Copy of Roll of Elec tors for Election of Australian Dairy Produce Board. — Carried. Provision of A Vote for Share Farmers in future elections in con nection with dairy legislation, &c.; — Carried. Compulsory Identification Mark on All Pigs submitted for slaughter. — Carried. Printing Contents of Stock Mix tures on containers. — Carried. Meat Inspection of all meat slau ghtered for consumption in country centres. — Lost. Permits for Drawing 40ft. Poles on roads. It was decided to pro test against this, but the General Secretary was instructed to first ob tain further information. Liability for Accidents by Shire Councils after notification. — Lost ; but already provided for in the Act. Repeal of Unemployment Relief Tax. — Carried. Immigration of Suitable Immi grants, with the object of further ing the policy of closer settle ment and decentralisation. — Car-, ricd. Simplifying Farm Census Re turns. — Carried. Many other matters of import ance were dealt with, but space will not permit of reference to same. Indeed, it is astonishing the am ount of business transacted at the Conference in its two days' sitting. Privy Council ? Appeal. — Since writing the above report I note that the Privy Council has given its decision in the Dried Fruits' case legislation — James v Commori wealth. As the verdict is in fav our of James, this decision will also affect similar legislation in connecr tion with the dairy industry, and may cause some marketing disor ganisation in the coming season. It now means another job for our Union to undertake and overcome, and, assuredly, it will. The scheme was, undoubtedly, a great help to the dairy industry during recent years. Much experi ence has been gained during its op erations, and I feel that we need not be down-hearted at its discon tinuance, as from the wreck, maybe, something even better will arise. However, both the scheme and those responsible for organising it have at times been subject to much criticism, so now is an opportunity \- for those know-alls and self-styled friends of the dairy . farmers to come out and tell us all just what should be done to save the .dairy industry. If the farmers choose, to stand loyally together, the matter is in their hands, and there would be no need for them to approach any Government, or be at- the mercy of any selling agents. In the words of our late President, Mr. C. J. Mc Rae : 'To the organised producer all things are possible.' Comment from Melbourne seems to suggest that the Federal Gov ernment may take a referendum regarding' section 92 of the Con stitution. Others suggest resur recting the Paterson Plan ; but I do not think either of these sug . gestions will come to light, as it is unlikely that a referendum on this matter alone would be carried ; and the Paterson Plan is not likely to function again as a volun tary measure.— W. H. BLYTHE. Mr. Blythe said they had not heard anything further since last meeting as regarded butter substitutes. .The mat ter peemed to be lagging1, it may be only his own opinion but none of the . Governments seemed to be giving them the justice they desired. More com panies, were forming, and those who were doing so were not in the 'mug' class. They should marshal their forces. Mr. Bennett suggested that a wire be sent to the Premiers who were meeting in Adelaide that day. Mr. Dunlop said that in 1931 or 1932 the N.S.W. Government passed a Bill concerning butter fat, but the regula tion had to be withdrawn because it was -ultra vires of the Constitution. Mr. Bennett moved that a telegram be sent to Dr. Page at Adelaide. Mr. Smith seconded, and Mr. Mc Laughlin supported the motion, which was carried. The telegram read as follows: 'Dr. Earle Page, Premiers Conference, Ade laide: Central Rivers District Council Primary Producers' Union, consisting [ of 48 delegates representing 4000 dairy fanners 'in these districts, strongly protest against delay effective steps to' protect* industry against competition butter substitutes, and urges immedi ate action at present Premiers' Con ference.' Mr. Blythe told a delegate that both Mr. Cameron and he voted against Dls- ' trict Councils being given- additional representation on the Central Execu tive. Mr. Cameron got a shock when' he found though ten District Councils were instructed, to vote against the giving of additional representation, it was carried. Mr. Bennett also asked why a motion as regarded inspection of country kill ing was turned down. Mr. Dunlop said that one of the reasons was cost. BUSINESS PAPER. Mr. Keech for Wingham Branch, moved: 'That this District Council express its confidence in the General Presi dent and the Executive Officers to deal with the position arising out of the Privy Council's decision in regard to Clause 92.' Mr. Young seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Alley for Bulga Branch, moved: 'That tlio IJulRn Lands bo forth with opened up tor Selection.' In moving the motion, Mr. Alley said: 'Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,—' Ttio motion I have to move Is: 'That Bulga lands be forthwith opened for selection.' 'There are two particular reasons I am going to advance to-day to prove that this land should bo thrown open to the settler. The first is that when the land was first opened as Home stead Farms In 1912, a promise was mode that as a demand arose, so would the land be made available. Some of the first settlers were induced by that promise to throw up good work and settle on the land, in the belief that a settlement of some extent was in process of formation, but shortly after the first few settlers, induced by a Government promise, had made a good start to clear their land, the balance was closed up and declared a State Forest. Even if later Governments, who, by the forgetfulness induced by the effluxion of time, deny that a promise was made, the implied promise is written all over the face of the Bulga even to this day. One has only to draw attention to the roads made and now grown over, and the roads marked but not constructed. The im plication is only too plain to those who trusted in the continuity of a vital Government promise. Not to take up your time, let me move to the second reason. I contend that the Bulga lands are much more valuableas Dairy Farms than as a State Forest, unless that land is capable of, or suitable for, afforestation. I am not blind to the needs of Forestry. I had a conver sation Tyith the Chief Commissioner for Forests, and he informed me, after inspecting portion of Bulga State For-, est, that he was very doubtful if it was ? suitable for re-afforestation. It is an undisputed fact that, the young timber growing up has a black heart in the case of Gum and Blackbutt., I myself heard a prominent miller make a statement to that effect to both the Minister for Forests and to Mr. Swain. Tallow- wood does not propagate Itself to any extent after being cut out, and takes something like . 100 to 150 years to come to full maturity. In . answer to a question as to what amount had been received from Bulga State Forest, we were /officially informed that during the last eleven years the amount re ceived was £2,020 — also the answer stated that a considerable amount of log timber had been purchased by one mill (not named). That log timber, I ; presume, refers to timber , purchased from the settlers. If we put the aver age amount received by each settler as £50— and allowing forty settlers to have benefited in this way — £2,000— actually the number of settlers selling timber would probably be much less. That brings the possible amount to be received by way of revenue as £4020. There are about 55 blocks settled, the average annual rental being from £7 to £12 per annum; I take the lower figure — 55 blocks at £7 per year, £385; II years at £385, £4235. If. the 40 remaining blocks were thrown open: 40 blocks. at £7 — £3080; for 11 years' rent for the 95 blocks, £7315. Rate the blocks at say £2 per block or farm for 11 years, and we get £2090. Added to the rent we get a total of £9405. I have not included unemployment tax or income tax, the former being paid by quite a number, and the latter by a few of the farmers. This gives a total of £4020 in royalties for the period under survey; only £2020 actually to revenue, compared with £9405 in rents and rates from farmers. These figures— and I have tried to err. in favor of For estry when I did not give exact fig ures — show for Forestry £4020, against Rents and Rates from Farmers, £9405. There are three mills operating on the Bulga at present, and one burnt out a few years ago. The revenue thus from the farmers during eleven years would be greater by £5385, than from the State Forest. Now let me explain the extent to which the timber (I refer to hardwood) is taken from the blocks, as stated to me by the Minister for Forests. First the mill men enter, and take what) is useful to them. Then the sleeper cutter follows, and finishes off, using only tallow-wood. Now, on the Bulga the only timber Of any. use for fencing purposes is tallow-wood, and any block cleared up in this way, if eventually thrown open for selection, I would hesitate to advise any pf my sons to select, as uiider modern con ditions of dairying an enormous amount of fencing material is required, and where is it to be had? Now Mr. Chair man, returning for a moment to my first reason. The whole of the land was laid out for a settlement, was sur veyed into living areas, a cemetery site marked out, good roads made at enormous cost per mile, bridges built, town blocks sold, schools built. Even if they deny thevactual word for word promise, what I, have pointed out con stitutes an implied promise. Our sons and daughters had no opportunity of learning any trade but farming, and I stand here to-day, and deliberately (on behalf- of Bulga Farmers) charge every Government that succeeded the McGowen Government with a breach of faith, and with not heeding protests. Now Mr. Chairman . and Gentle men, the arguments I hove put forward are not one-tenth of what can be' used to prove our case, but are, I believe you will concede, nevertheless over whelmingly in our favor. I recognise your time is valuable, and I will con clude by pointing out that in the case of Bulga lands, re -afforestation is ad mittedly out of the question, and the value of the surface timber is not half the revenue the farmers pay, and the principal hardwood should never be removed, as it is indispensable to the settler for fencing and building ma terial. I move the motion, Mr. Chair man, and ask that our delegates make every effort to interest the Executive in this matter. I thank you.' Mr. Coleman seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Robinson, for Marlee Branch, moved: 'That all Suitable' Lands on .the Bulga be surveyed, and set apart for Closer Settlement to enable sons of farmers to procure holdings instead of migrating to tho over populated cities.' Mr. Alley said the blocks were al ready surveyed. The motion was carried. Mr. Parker, for Wallamba Branch, moved: ........ x ..... |j . ? ? i 'That the Federal Government be requested to continue the Fertiliser Subsidy to Farmers on the same basis as last year.' Mr. Paff seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Young, for Comboyne \ Branch, moved: 'That the Government be asked if experiments liave been made in eradi cating Bracken Fern, and if so, the results. If no experiments have been made, they be requested to make them, the same as has been done with Prickly Pear.' Mr. Smith seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. McLaughlin, for Upper Lans downe Branch, moved: 'That this Conference regards re cent N.Z. Legislation as being of such outstanding importance that we should be equipped at an early date, with the best available knowledge of its effect en the farming communities, and to that end a deputation from the P.P. Union should be despatched to investigate the report .thereon.' He said that the N.Z. Government was a fanners' Government. The Govern ment had to make its peace with the farmers, or it would not get back into office. He was pleased to see the action of Sir Frederick Stewart, who was sur rounding himself with politicians who were attending classes in economics at the University. He favored the idea of a delegation being sent to New Zealand. Mr. Bennett seconded the motion, strongly favoring . a delegation. Mr. Jeffery said he thought it was too early to send a delegation to New Zealand. All that was wanted was to keep in touch with New Zealand. Mr. Dunlop said he had spent four days with a party of 38 New Zealanders. The latter did not know any more | than they did at present. The Execu tive was keeping in touch with New Zealand matters. The motion was lost. Mr. Cameron, for Wingham Branch, moved: 'That the Swine Diseases Act be amended to only include those dis eases that can be eradicated — viz, Swine Fever, Tuberculosis and An thrax.' Mr. Cameron said the surplus was diminishing on the . reduced contribu ! tion of 9d. If it was going to eradicate all disease it was a good thing to have. There were eleven diseases they paid I for. The Stock Inspector for Glou cester told him there were only three of those diseases which could be eradi cated. If -they had to pay for only those diseases they could eradicate, they could carry on with a lesser con tribution. Mr. Keech seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Robinson, for Marlee Branch, moved: 'That the Local Government Act be amended to allow ratepayers wlio are unable to pay their rates, to put specified material on the side of Council's Roads.' Mr. Cameron (Marlee) seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Schmidt, for Nulla Creek Branch, | moved: I' 'That the P.P. Union strongly sup | port the Newnes Development Ad vancement League in its efforts to develop* what is known as the Newnes Shale Deposit in' the Extrac tion of Oil' and Petrol — also to en courage the extraction of same from coal as under the Fischer 'process.' Mr. Parker seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. McLaughlin, for Upper Lans downe Branch, moved: 'That in consideration of certain tendencies in the Fertiliser (Super phosphate) Trade, we should request Head Office to endeavor to develop a plan by joint action by the Farmers Co-op. Societies.'— Carried. Mr.- Coleman, for Bulga Branch, moved: ? 'That Alsatian Dogs be' completely banned in the State of N.S.W.' Mr. Alley seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Blythe, for Upper Pappinbarra Branch, moved: 'That an Officer be appointed for the examination of all dairy herds In each district, for testing cows ana analysing milk, with a view of obtain ing a better quality product.' Mr. Alley seconded the motion Mr. Clune explained an outfit by which it could be determined when a cow was giving bad milk. The outfit cost about 30s. ^he motion was carried. Mr. Trotter, for Bellangry Branch, moved: 'That we ask the Department of Agriculture to consider, when making further additions to the field staff: of the Dairy Branch, the appointing, of veterinary surgeons, until such staff is ^approximately half veterinary sur- ' geons.' — Carried. 1 Mr. Trotter,' for Bellangry Branch, moved: 'That we ask the Department of Agriculture to institute crop and pas- ; ture trials, with the object of improving soil fertility rather than forcing crops without regard to soil depletion.' Mr. Blythe seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Trotter, for Bellangry Branch, moved: 'That the Editor of 'The Primary Producer' be. asked to urge advertisers to quote prices of. products where pos sible.' / Mr. Alley seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. J. Bain, for Central Hastings Branch, moved; 'That the Department of Agricul ture be asked to have the present plan and specifications of dairy and bails modified, as at the present time a lot of dairymen are unable to finance a building up to that standard.' Mr. H. Bain seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Graham, for Central Hastings Branch, moved: 'That the Railway Commissioners ba asked to run week- end excursion trains to Kempsey or Taree for three months during the summer.' ?Mr. Suters seconded the motion, which was supported by Mr. Alley, and carried. Mr.. Suters, for Central Hastings Branch, moved: 'That in the opinion of this District Council, Dairy Factory Managers and Secretaries should discuss matters only in which they are interested, and that matters of the P.P. Union should go through the proper channels to the Central Executive.' He said that, per sonally, he took exception to things referred to at the last conference of the Factory Managers and Secretaries' Association. One of these was that of starting refreshment rooms in Brit ain to advertise Australian butter. He understood it came up at a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Lower Manning Factory. That was a P.P.U. matter. He presumed the P.P.U. would have to finance it. It was decided, he understood, to circularise all Factory Managers and Secretaries in the State. Mr. Clune attended every meeting) and the matter should have gone through the P.P.U. Another matter was that of research. Mr. J. Bain seconded the motion. Mr. Clune said that with all due respect to the P.P.U., the Association 'was one of the largest in the State, and was very representative of the whole of the' State. The conference was now being made a 'means of show ing machinery. As far as the Lower Manning factory was concerned, it was ? asked by people outside the Board to send the matter to the Factory Man agers and Secretaries' Association. It had there been decided to send the matter on to the Australian Dairy Council. They were not getting all the results from advertising on the other side that they wished. In re freshment. rooms New Zealand butter was given with a cup of tea. The way to make Australian butter known was to have it in- refreshment rooms. Aus tralian butter lost its identity in Eng land. The motion was put in to assist Mr. Hyland, Publicity Officer in Brit ain. It was no disrespect to the P.P.U. that the matter was not brought up through it. The more people who took UP a matter the better. Mr. Bennett said he favored the way the matter went. Mr. M. P. Trotter said he did not think that Mr. Clune went away from his job at all. Mr. McLaughlin said if the matter could assist Mr. Hyland, all the better. Buyers did not decide the price. It all depended on the price of margarine overseas. Mr. Alley said he did not care where the boost came from. They should return thanks. Mr. Robinson agreed with Mr. Alley. Mr. Clune said the Factory Direc tors had asked for. permission to put the motion on, so that it could be dis cussed by Directors present. There were about) 60 or 70 Directors.. He knew there were five from his Factory. Mr. F. Redman said they should encourage such efforts, no matter where they came from. Mr. Suters, in the course of a vig orous reply, said that the last Man agers and Secretaries' conference be came a second Executive! The motion was lost. Mi*. Geo. Smith, for Comboyne Branch, moved: 'That this Council urges the com pletion of the Ellenborough Road.'— Carried. Several motions were held over ow ing to the lateness of the hour. NEXT MEETING. It was decided to hold the next meet ing at Wauchope. . The Pigs are O.K. — A rural sanitary inspector went into a cottage, in the garden of which was a pig-sty very iieur tlio hack door. 'Look here, my mini,' he said, 'you ought not to keep those pigs so near the house.' 'Whoi, how's that?' demanded the man. 'It isn't healthy,' said 'the inspector. 'That's whore you 're wrong, ' ' was the triumph , ant reply. 'Thorn there pigs ain't never had a day's illness! ' '? ' I 