I MIGRATION Britain Prepared To Finance Assisted Passages "Problem Dominated By Defence" LONDON, October 16. IT it understood that in tte event of the Commonwealth and the State* reaching an agreement tn connexion with die renmption of migration, Britain will immediately introduce legiilation to amend the Empire Settlement Act, arranging for the financing of alerted pas lagei on the bani of the Empire Settlement Board'* recommenda- tion!. It it hoped that, despite tte session'* heavy programme, legis- lation will be patted before tte Imperial Conference, which then will have tangible scheme* on which to deliberate. It is clear that Britain does not con- ^ template any action which can be in- terpreted aa initiative. Government quarters seem distinctly sensitive lest any move in London which might be regarded as an advocacy of the resump- tion of migration, should be resented by the Dominions. This "delicacy" governs the Domi- nions Office which is showing extra- ordinary reticence on this subject. The British Press has prominently displayed and cordially received migration new* from Australia, bul Government quart- ers are silent. The Government view will probably be found to be that the Federal Labour Party and some of the State Govern- ments are by no means enthusiastic, particularly os it is believed here that the Labour Party is disinclined to face the fact that migration fa vital to Aus- tralia's defence, but in view of the in- ternational situation, especially the un- rest among over-populated countries clamouring for outlets, thé situation must be faced with the utmost bold- ness. British experts consider that the problem is dominated br defence and necessitates an immediate in- flow of population. Nevertheless, they repudiate any intention of foisting unemployed on the Domi- nions. On the other hand, it is emphasised In connexion with schemes for indus- trial migration that Australia might have difficulty in securing sufficient technical labour from Britain owing to the increased local demand. Juvenile farm labour for Fairbridge Farm Behool, Western Australia, and boys and women domestics are all avallablo immediately schemes are initiated, but it may be found that migrante in other ^ categories are limited. ? v LABOUR'S POLICY. SYDNEY, Ootober II. Not until the borne market is first stimulated by the raising bf ' the liv- ing standard and the mechanisation of industry is offset by a reduction of the hours of labour should the Federal Government pledge itself to ,ahy im- migration scheme is the announced policy of the Labour Council. Unemployment percentages compiled from returns by 56 per cent of the unions arc given by the council as fol- lows: Wood, furniture 15.6; engineer- ing, metal 13.5; food, drink 16.5; cloth- ing, hats 8.0; other manufacturing ILS; building, 14«t mining, 26.T; transport, 13.0; miscellaneous, 12.6. In addition, says the council, the parlous position of our primary indus trios mitigates against migrants under any rural scheme. DANES MAY REPLACE GROUP MIGRANTS. PERTH, October ll. Tho possibility of abandoned and other holdings in the group settlement area being taken over by Danish migrants is being closely considered by the Consul- General for Denmark in Australia (Mr G. L. Hoest), who is now in Perth, after having toured for a week in the south-west, where he paid particular attention to the groups. If conditions for the establishment of Danes on group settlements could be made attractive enough, said Mr Hoest, he would report to his Government, which could then make further investi- gations to determine whether it could recommend Danish farmers end other Danes to come to Western Australia. The Danish Government was not interested in encouraging dairy farm- ers to leave Denmark but it would certainly be interested in stimulating the migration of some of its unemployed and skilled workers to Western Aus- tralia. Unfortunately there did not appear to be openings for skilled work- ^ crs and labourers in Australia at present, but dairy farmers might be interested in the conditions of settle- ment here. 