M3UR GC>OD HEALTM P BY "TRUTH'S '/OWN DOCTOR 0 Medical Answers to Correspondents ' i So. SIM.— "Worried D." There aro ao tnany Internal conditions which more or less 9t your symptoms that I cannot speak very i dogmatically. Have the following mixture made up. take It for a month, and again ret tn much with m a If tha ennriltinn does cot improve I think a medical examination U essential. The mixture to be taken is: Liquid extract of ergot. 10 minims: liquid extract of bydrmatis, tS minims: compound tincture of gentian, half a drachm: "spirits of chloroform. SO minima and water sufficient to make half as ounce. A tablespoonru) three times a day tn a winegiassful of water after meals. Commence to take one week be fore the anticipated event, and discon tinue one week after the norma) termi nation thereof. No. J1R9. — "Not H r II" das forwarded a specimen for me to analyse, as she state she is' tn poor circumstances and canaot afford medical attention at present. . She state that she .has suffered with socb pain in the back, pain extends to the sbdomen and goes down to the legs sad settles in the knees. She states that she has heart trouble and blood pressure. Dragging seoeattun and the skin seem to be tight round theeyes. at the sides of the nose, and along the cheekbones. Reply.— Though It is highly unutual. owing to your circumstances I made the test, and have to inform yv>o that nothing abnormal was discovered. Most of your symptoms seem to be due to the critical time 'through which you are passing. The two preparations which would be useful to you to the circumstances are Hormo- tone tablets or incretone. If you can pos sibly get one or the other J should advise you to take a course thereof. If your condition does not improve rapidly the matter of investigating the cacte of that uneasiness In the abdomen should be at tended to without delay. I shall be very happy to help you tn any way further by any suggestions, but it is difficult to do much for a patient of your type without thorough medical examination. No. 21 DO. — "Wondering." How you have de cided that I am Dr. Goddard is Incompre hensible to me. 1 might In passing remark that- I thank you for the compliment. 1 have to confess regretfully that I am no? Dr. Goddard. ! would advise you to keep t on with the instructions of your doctor, following each implicitly. The oil is prob ably Hilivol. and the tablet, grey powder (mercury and chalk powder). The former it a most valuable food and contains im portant vitamins: the latter acta upon 'he liver. Has the child's blood been micro- scoplcafly examined? Possibly racofc could be learned by a pathologist la this direction, so if marked improvement d««e not take place ia the next fortnight to three week I would advise this course, aad will be glad to furnish you with ad dress es of suitable persons should you so desire. No. 2191 mod 1923.— "Molly." jt did oet make much sense to be sure, and 1 caant account for It. The following then is the Information you require: Redness cf nose is sometimes associated with a condition ksewn as Acne Rosacea, aud your Obser vation that such has come on osly cr.ce the advent of constipation is quite In keeping with the condition. Let us endea vor to cere the constipation, and It i very probably that your red cose will assume an hue more In keeping with your wishes. Try a teaspoonfnl of pure glycerine ta warm water every morning on rising: fal low with a cup of hot water, sipd lowly. Take either liquid extract of. cas- caaa or cascara evacueut regularly 'n the following manner: Begin with try drops three time a day ia water (half a wine- glassful ) after meals. Next day take six drops three times a day after meals; the next seven, and so on till yon reach a daily dose which causes a satisfactory bowel action. Continue with this number of drops dally for three weeks, then de crease a drcp for each daily dove till the starting point is again reached. This drug tones up the uastrlped musele of the boweL and hence acts as a valuable tor.tc. Obtain a mixture cf Earton's Syrsp and Syrup of Triple Phosphates— equal parts. Take a teaspooufu! three times a day tn a little water after meal. This dose cas be taken with or Immediately before cr after the cascara. Personally 1 would make one dose of It by conblring the two mixtures. Ton are evidently rnueh run down in health, and your sedentary occupation and indoor life do cot Improve tsatter. Try a bit cf gardening If - you have a chance to do so— It is a marvellous sedative and also a means of exercising eo many muscles, and the necessity for carrying tt out in she epea air Is all ia it Tor- Write u:e again later if matter are not progressing to your satisfaction. Glra the treatment I have advised a fair try -out— cut out tea, and too much bread and butter, eat plenty of fruit and pile la the green vegeublea. either cooked or raw. So. 2192 and 1926.— "E-B." Astonishing that out of all the letter I receive your letter as the letter of No. 1627 reporting the error were ta the packet in sequence, and opened in that seqneace. The probabilities ?/ cc n occurrence seem almost unbe lievable. The delay Is regretted: the in formation is forwarded as requested tn yocr stamped, addressed envelope. No. 191. — "W\P." complains of a thick skin and scalp trouble, there being a heavy dandruff of the scalp. It has lately become or€- m addition bright red spots ap- paar on forehead and down centre of face ®rr L» nose. Spots are raised and smooth, and thera is a burning sensation. «.Fe?y'7"Tb# odltion suggests derml- tit.s. probably brought about aa the result of the head Infection. Give the head a thorough shampoo with Tar Foam Sham poo and use the following lotion for the T \frar to t> Afr form of seborrhoea: Reeorrin. 1 drachm; sulphate o. quinine, li rnlalms; caitor oil. half a drachm: rectified spirits, sufficient to —a ke 4 our.ee If your hair happens to be » rair tint this mlxtqre wm darken U; IM , f.or Toa to » ib« ? M i lJkeI» to be affeeifd use salicylic arid place of the resorcln. I am assata- Ing that the condition. it the dry variety. If of an oily type, the castor oil ,must oe itrt out and 4 drachms of acetone substi tuted. This totlon should be used regu larly every day Sometimes satisfactory te- suits are obtained through cutting «h« r>Vnt/e!T h0rt WhU" ao<,cr1&r; feat- No:.;,?-rDcilbt,a,' u ,o > of «c«: baa had two operations— one for appen dix and tha other for cystic ovary, a retroverted uterus and post-operative ad- eeaioaa Constantly has pains in the Pack or the head and neck, continues aeh>ttg ® « small of the back. Marked constipation. Infurmed by third specialist tonslli could not do much more harm than they had done, and might nrobably da- veioo rheumatism. Left hip Joint aebs- Deslres to koow whether anything eoqld na done for the rheumatic trouble. Sh ""u w. Uc u patchy, .and marked skin. Reply.— The various troubles from which you are suffering would appear quite sufficient to account for your eeo- era! til health. Severe constipation In itself would b« sufficient to cause a aallowness or complexion and a genera) unhealthy appearance, owing to the absorption of poisons from the bowel. Adhesion and retrovsraion would not tend to linpove bowsi movement. Pain In the back might be associated with an overloaded bowel or dragging on the various pelvic errans. A specialist has already informed you that your tonalls are guilty, and that you are olJ by do yoo not take hla word t a much smaller foeus of In- r.ctlon h». b»i th. cut. of rhtum.Tlc attack I auggest that you hava our tonsils enucleated to begin with, and that yeu try tha cascara treatment recom mended to No. 2190, "Wondering." After you have had your tonslla enucleated and having given the cascara treatment a (air trial please let me know what progreM you are making: I may then ba able to rive you further advice. No. 2193,— "Pimply" states that ha Is 11 years of ago; suffers terribly with plmpi-e. He hae been told that (bey will disappear ta time and hae tried a. large number of treatment Desires a good remedy. Also wishes to know whether the taking of much medicine, especially Epsom salt would bo detrimental in thle condition. . Also, whether la it wis# either to prick or equeese a ptmpt ' Reply.— Too much la the way of Epsom salts or effervescent salines may lower your condition very considerably, and would be distinctly detrimentaL Batter to \- take some vegetable pill, auch aa compound rhubarb or eolocynth aud hyoseyamua,' out pill of eithar mixture whichever suite I better. Cut cut sweets, oatmeal, and other porridge pastrle etc. Attack the disease in the rnoet logical way. that is. take a good tonic. Try eoual parts ef Eaetcn's Syrup and the Syrup of Triple Phosphate; of thla take one teaepoonful three time a day 1a water after mvsls. Th: will help ' to improve your resistance. Consult a medi cal practitioner and ak him to give yru a course of Edwenil infectious, commencing with 2 c.c.. increasing up to 4 c.c. every second day. Edwenil is not cheap, but it is No. 2196.— "Nk>" desires to know If there is any possible way to relieve an extra . painful bunion, his work requiring htm to do approximately 59 miles a day with a load, as a result hi feel make life unbear able' for him by the time eight come Reply. — Thanks for yocr kind remarks 1 am veey pleaxd to hear that your wife has so greatly, improved, aod that you are expecting a son about this timv next month, but how do you know tt is a son? This is interesting, as 1 am afraid I would be- unable- te dogmatically state whether your wife is going to present you with a son or a daughter. Now as to yourxelf — 1 think 19 mile a day oo a pushblke with a load it beyond all reason. It will probably thro such a -trait, on roar heart in the end tha: you will be come a physical wreck. Ton speak of bun ion— new a bunion is due to a partla: dislocation of the toe Jo'nt. especially the great tee.-fcilowed by a com ever the pro jecting portion of the Joint and under neath " this corn what : kr.owp as a bursa, namely a llttie sack filled with fluid. As a result of. pressure by the bo-.j ag\:nst the Joint this com aad bcrser are formed, and the terser may become intensely 'n- fiacied, giving rfs to extreme pain. If this is the condition from wtieh you are suf fering It Is not one for home treatment, but requires the supervision of an ortho paedic surgeon, that 1 one versed in bone and Joint deformities. I should like to be able to help you. bet without seeing the condition, and without the assistance of a diagnosis made by a medical man. t am enable to do so. If the condition is defi nitely a bunion, quite a number of thing can be done by special treatment of the boots worn to prevent pressure upon the toe Joint, the wearing of a splint at night, and special bars of leather upon the sole of the boot. Certainly the first thing «ha: would have to be attended to would be this bike-riding business. You would have to give it up entirely, if QOt for all time, certainly for the present. If mechanical tupp.-<rt. alteration in the shape of boots, trapping and splinting under the direc tion of a medical man. are unsatisfactory, or do not bring about the desired relief, an operation may be necessary to correct the deformity. If .further Interested, write me again, quoting the number of this ques tion. and your complaint, I shall be very pleased to recommend an orthopaedist if you will forward zre a stamped, addressed envelope. So.. 2197. — "JJ." ask whether three small classes of tager a day would be harmful to the. kidneys. She states the is nearly sktn and boce. weighing a lb. or two'over 'S»tone aad is 23 years of age. Stated 4o tion. aad ts permitted meat csly every eec-md day. She Is said to have had lead- poisoning. She Is stated to have falleo out A BALLOON MATTREbb obviates ihe need for springs as .Olivia de Havil- tand enjoys an afternoon siesta in the water at Palm Springs (Cal),. where she is enjoying a vacation. of bed on her bands and kaees when three years of age. She was oot sick, but eootd not put her right teg to ibe grouod:-'«he lower limb Is an inch to an tacb aad a half thinner above the knee. AU other functions are normal. Reply.— Tou nave given me no com de plume, which ts always adriiable. Con sidering the pros and con of your ca»e. your trouble wrtuid appear to be more likely lead- pot«>olng than Infantile para lysis. Investigation of your blood after certain treatment might yield valuable information. Tou do not mention whether there is any paralysis, and so I cannot get r ery far in advising you. X do not think that three, small sias>es of tager a day would he harmful, but ) should ad vise you to have a urine test carried out. and also a Olood test. Tou have to y«a r . towg a. Commonwealth laboratory. aid this Investigation could be done there at a very reasonable cost. Should you ever m in Brisbane a visit to an orthopaedic ur- reon might be to your advantage. The fact that you are so thin does not appear to fit in with the Infantile paralysis theory. At any rate 1 should keep a tiff upper lip and not allow the condition to get the better of you. but I should err- tstnly not sit down, wring my hands, and do nothing. Just make up your tntnd defl- Qitely that vou are going to get better. No. 119.— "MJ.II." As requeued have for warded narpe and addrew of speech spec ialist. No. 2199.— "Je-Annee" states that she has been X-rayed for kidney and s«H bladder trouble No kidney trouble discovered; aali bladder diseased. AdrLed to have opera ' tion. Is at present entering upon the ctl- . materic. Is 40 years of age. Wishes 1© know whether there is any treatment other than operations for the call bladdei trouble. Suffers from loss of energy and constant dixry headache Eyes beginning to give trouble when readtog or doing ewing; they then bec>tne misty and \- burning round the eyelids. Reply.— If gall bladder trouble has been ' definitely diagnosed, it. is not advisable to aend too much time trying this end that remedy The old adage. "Whm the devil was sick the dev|| saint would be; when the devil was well devil a saint was he." might be applied to the aTerage patient suffering from gall bladder trouble. Drugs are given and treatment carried out, which for the time being appear to relieve the gall bladder inflammation, whereupon the pattent baulks at operation. It is only when time after time his hope are dashed .that he. realises that something more dras tic is necessary. Many drugs will relieve chronic chnieeysitcis. but in the end the patient comes to operation. It serious gal) bladder trouble ts definitely .diagnosed operation for removal or the gall bladder ia best undertaken before pain nausea end chronlc'aepsla bring the patient to a state which operation la not well borne, also blond changes may occur which make , the . question of operation a svrinus matter. For the time being you might 'take a course ol Cholelltb pills (compound) P.D. A Co. Three pills three times a day swallowed with a little water, after meals. Take a, full teaspoon- ful of pure glycerine In half a tumbler of hot water on rising, before taking any food or drink.- Cut out aa fair aa possible butter and other fata, pastry, and all heavy meats. If you do not feel much im proved tn three montha time I would cer tainly advise you to be operated on by the very best surgeon obtainable. The opera tion la not easy and requires a very skilled surgeon; otherwise the Job may ba badly performed and the result aerioua. You will be quite safe in the hands of an expert, and the relief obtained will be perfectly marvellous I am enclosing information sought re medical practitioner la your stamped, addressed envelop. No. 2200.— j should be obliged if my medical correspondent© would al ways give me a notn de plume In addi tion to their correct names. They would then probably have less difficulty tn find ing my answers— j am sure that eome are missed on account of thte omission. Just time you weaned that baby. No dope for you; that te the worst tiling you eould take. Try a good tonle. In your eas Bynln Hypophosphates— a dessert spoonful In naif a wlneglassful of water three tlmos a day, after meals. The do- presslon Is very often due to the strain of over lactation. Try and get away for a change, and take the tonic t ha\e advised >ou for at least a month. The thought that you will lose your reason should be put right away from you; -ucb a thlug will certainly not occur. Yoe probably want ' more interest in life: don't allow your- mind to dwell on any such silly thought as you put into yuur letter, they will get sou nowhere. No. 2201. — "E.G.," Mt. P. s'.atrt that for some time past she ha suffered from "a ga»y stomach." and find It necessary to sit up tn bed sometime to get relief. £he has lost aeicht, and complains of hot feelings in the top part of the chest- She has tried many different powders." which osly give relief temporarily. She la 2$ years of age. Reply.— It took a though yeu might be suffering from Amylaceous Dyspepsia, that ts, (nubility to digest starchy food owing to the absence of the necessary digester. Tou are advised to obtain Takamlne pow der. one heaped teaspoonful in water after each of the principal meals, and also on retiring to bed at night. Drink sparingly of tea and coffee. This should give yon great relief. Let me hear from you again later a to how yog are progressing. The pjwder is obtainable from any good chemist, or from P.D. A Co. N«. 2202.— "G.P." states that over 10 yean ago a discharge -came from his e>es: he csed many drops and ointments prexrribxd I by local doctors, with no good result Seventeen years ago he received a severe punch on the nose, which put hU large no>e slightly to one side. Eight year later he reran to get ear, nose and head pains. For this he submitted, to opera-' tion. and a !>cal doctor. quarried out lots ef bo lie tissue from the nve during seve ral months' treatment. This relieved the pain in his ear and nose. He then con sulted an eye specialist, who told him that his eye would not clear up until his nose was fixed — whateter that niraas. He then received a cryptic prescription in Latin, which, being intrepreted ,va» as follow: Copper sulphate drops, i per - Put one drop is the eyes night and mornine. He was informed that this would "fix them" in two months at the ouuida'Thai was six months ago. but there has been so good result. It was said that there were little pustule under the eyelids. Does cot wish to undergo any more operations for the cose, if possible, aa they are ex- tremely patnfuL Discharge from the eyes ts getting worse, but the eye are cewr sore. Five or six time a day he can gouge mucus from the corners. Asks for the address of a good specialist is nose, and a good specialist for the eyee. He is 41 years of age. and In good health. He end> up by »ayin "You bav « be«a a wonderful help to people in country dis tricts. if a local doctor does cot under stand a cue he does not like sa>inK'o. and many a person baa saved moce> and gone to Brisbane for a critical operation, but when they reached there they did uot know anything about them, so tbs> finish ud by going to a doctor recommended by a cab driver." Reply-— Too appear to have bad a pretty rough spin, and to -still bate some inflam matory condition associated with the ac cessory slnu««w of the oo-e Too mav bav» had early trachoma. Judging by the fact that the doctut advised the u«e or copper sulphate. 1 think you will be wise to ob tain the .very best opinion possible as yon cannot continue indefinitely In your pre- : sent state. v Thank you for your kind re marks. t am highly amused at your state ment re the cab driver, but there is cer tainly no reason why the cab driver should not now and then pick on a winner. However, I have given you name and addresses ax rc-quvsted. and hope you have luck. Some of these men are by no mean.- light in their /«#, but you must rememt««! that you want the very bent, and you hare to pay fot- It. and they have spent many year and much mone> In acquirinx the great tkiil which they possess in their special branches. N'«. 2203.— "Constant Header." I doubt whether the Editor will publish the nam«» of orthopaedists bone surgeons) under "Truth's" Service Bureau column. Pos sibly, If you send a stamped. a.ddres»d envelope this information will be 'returned to you. I have written, the name of seve ral men practising thte branch of surgery at the foot of your letter, which ha been handed to the Editor. No. 22tM. — "Far North.". After reading your long description of symptoms, and the large number of operation that you have been forced' to undergo. I think you should endeavor to avoid any further. If powdbla. for the present at any rate- See what a course of Hormotone ' tablets (Carnrick) will do for you. Take two. three times a day, arter meals; also one week before the anticipated event take the following mixture: Liquid Extract of Er got. 10 minim: Liquid Extract of Hydras tis. IS minim; Spirit of Chloroform. 20 minims: Compound Infusion of Gentian, sufficient to make half an ounce. Direc tions: A tabiespnonfut in water three times a day. after meals, end again at bed-time. Continue this medicine as required, till a few days after the event. It | possible thai . If you have hat) a fibroid removed from the uterus other may grow, event ually necessitating the removal of that .korgan. I should, however, be in no hurry- to submit 'to further operations. No, 22(kV— "Antlmis." I am unable to reply except through the columns of the paper. I do not think vout ob>t vution are quMe accurate; as with millions nf germ cells which are present youi statement would have no affect upon the final resutt were everything otherwise in order. There may be some blockage of the Falloptan tube, or there may l>e an unhealthy con dition of tho mucous membrane of th uterus. In which event curettage might per haps assist. There may even be a vitamin deficiency which is preventing the arrival of further little immigrants Long sojourn In a hot. tropical country may also have this effect, a change to the south, with alteration In diet, for a period of. say, six month or a year might work wonders, especially. If combined with a series of , Injections of Antultrtn— 3 (P.D. A Co.). These hypodermic Injection would have to bo undertaken under supervision of a medical practitioner. They are. however, extraordinarily effective. No. 2206.—' "Header. Tour case ia one which appears to be very obscure- Tour symptoms certainly suggest a condition which require Immediate treatment: otherwise I atn afraid that the matter will go from bad to worse. Be well ad vised and do as 1 suggest by consulting th medical practloner named in your stamped addressed envelop. Nil. 2207.— "Hrlght Kjrs" state that she has a son about 35 years of age, who is — p»B— u— u — nsaOMMMi — V ' suffering- from, eye trouble. The condition has been present for nearly 12 years' now. : There is a scumlike growth coming over , the eyes. He underwent an operation about four years ago. but the eyes . are now ns bad as ever. Reply. — Your son (s undoubtedly suffer ing from Trachoma, probably In an ad vanced stage. 'The so-called scum of which you speak Is almost certainly j pannus, and te due to an extension of the 1 disease frotn the upper lid on to the sur- 4 face of the eye. The operation of which you speak was probably, performed with the object of turning the eyelashes out wards, .owing to the fact that they had become turned Inwards on to the surface of tb« eye as the result of the disease. If your sun is not properly attended to there is a grave risk that ere long be will go blind, and all that he will be able to distinguish will be daylight from dark ness. 1 would advise you to arrange for bim to visit a first-class ophthalmic sur geon in Brisbane. Indeed I implore you to do so before it Is too late. It Is possible that much can be - done for the young man. but delay may be fatal 'to his eye- eight. Do not attempt home remedies in a case like this; you are merely -wasting .valuable time. Take my advice and get him to Brisbane as quickly as possible.' if you so desire I can give you the names of several ophthalmic surgeons, any one of whom would be able to undertake his No. 220. — Thankful" states that for the past font years he has suffered from an offensive breath, said to be due to small lumps, mostly - on the tongue. . Has recently had his tonsils removed, but ibis mad very little difference. Teeth are in perfect order. The breath -dre» not re- conte offensive ontil two or three hours after each . meal. Reply.— it is only surmise .that these so- called lumps are the cause of the Halitosis- It is quite poMiIble that decom position 's going In tn some, places; there may re possibly a condition' known as an Esophageal pouch In which food lodges and decomposes. If a condition of this sort does exist it Is useless to suggest lotions, paints, or powder either as deodorant or distnfectors. Tou should have the whole of the throat thoroughly examined, and use a mixture of equal parte of Llsterine and warm water. If this does not clean up the trouble Is Is evldecly more deep sealed, and may re quire Investigation with special Instru- So. 2209. — "A.U." states that she is 52 years years of age. About nine weeks ago de veloped an itchy rash on the front of the foot, is now near the knee. The irritation is worse after retiring, and at-times her leg gives a feeling of swelling. Reply.— Probably . a fungoid growth. There are fairly easy to pick up at times in this State, and a re not rasy to cure. I would advlre you to obtain a tube, ot MycozoL Wash the part thoroughly with Niko No. l soap (P.D. A Co.). using a small, soft nail bruh to thoroughly clean the surface. ' Swill over with methylated spirits and allow to dry- This will ab sorb moisture and allow the. ointment to come Into direct contact with the In flamed issues.; Apply Mycozol, cover with & piece of lint, and bandage in place. Do this on retiring to bed and >Ieave on till til next morning, and then again apply a new dressing. Keep up the treatment for " 10 d&ve; If necessary, ' when the condition should, be completely cured.- Nu. 2210, — Curious." te 32 veaxs of age; mother "oF-two children;- hat been advised since thb blrth of her last baby that the walls ofher stomach have dropped. „ She say» the .condition does not give her any trouble except when standing a- lot. Has been advts-d that an operation te neces sary: not immediately, but before the Reply. — Try to keep off operations a much as possible; they are a great shock to the system: take from one to two years for recovery, are not. always satisfactory, and occasionally fatal. If you ar feel- ing in fair health let well alone: That lump of which you complain may pos sibly be a cystoclele; a protape of the bladder or of the rectum, according to the situation, brought about by destruc tion of . the muscle fibres at the time of the birth of your children. If these have not been repaired or oot repaired pro perly. it is possible for a prolapse to lake place. Repair of these muscle tis sues is not a formidable operation and might be Vorth considering, if the con dition is seriously Interfering with yoni comfort Nu. 2211.— "Confidentially." From the symptoms you have given me you eeem to be suffering from protozoal disease, which is noted for the amount of die- .. charge- which tt causes. Obtain Genex Presold. No 1; insert cue pessold every two boor, and continue for some 10 days or more. Thte should give you very great relief Once, the Inflammation clears up aft your other troubles wilt probably dis appear. Regarding the children. I consider that t Cod Liver Oil malt extracts are far too heating in such a climate. Half a tea- spoonful of Eaeton's Syrup and Syrup of Triple Phosphates mixture in water after meals will do both children much more good. If there is some cruising of the eyes it may he possible to remedy Jt with glasses. It Is certainty necessary to take early actiou to preventing the squinting eye from losing tt sight. If.gla»e» will oot raufr correction, operation may be neceary. Nm. 2212. — "J.C." 1 can say with confidence that the medicine wuutd have had no effect In the direction you suggest. Why these conditions occut with children is beyond the knowledge of medical science at the present time. We find such tra gedies even in the mosi highly intelligent unions. Neither you nor your wife are In any way to blame. It Is merely a dis tressing Incident with which you have to pnt up. ( regret that I am unable to answer except through the columns of the No. 2213. — "HitpcfuL" It 21 years . of age. and instead of being full of life feels ex hausted. breathless after exertion, and suffers from constipation, indigestion, and stomach -gas. Has headaches associated with a dull, heavy feeling . across the forehead. Leg ache from the knee down to the ankiea Sometimes shortly after a meal feels ae If she had nothing to eat at all. Reply.— You are a 'young growing girl, whose -bodily energy- has probably been largely drawn upon la the process of ' growth, and you are now feeling the con sequences thereof. There are several points which require elucidation In your case, in the first place, why are you »o breathless on exertion? Thte would sug gest; not heart disease, not kidney dleaee. but a poor haemoglobin content in your blood, that te to say. your blood 1» not taking up sufficient oxygen. This suggests the number of red cells not ae high as It should be. Blood examination, therefore, ts necessary to determine this point. Lungs and heart ehonld be ex amined to see whether they are souad- and the urine should be examined to ex clude any question of presence of albumen or sugar. If the Mood Is found deficient In red ceils, the heart and lungs healthy, and neither albumen nor sugar present to the urine, your case suggests one of anaemia. . That being the eae« you should be taking a suitable tonic to In crease the Mood red cells. - Tour Indiges tion follows as a coroljory to your consti pation. -Try the Cascara treatment re commended to No. . 2199. "Wondering"; carry out the directions carefully. Th» £?®tone Syrup and s>yrup of Triple Phosphates mixture should suit your case . admirably, .tt must also be taken after " meals in plenty of water. If this, does not meet your case. Blaud PHI Blpalatinold. one to two three time a day after meals should assist you. Give my suggested treatment a trial and write me again later as to how you are getting on. No. 2214.— "J.L.T.," Brisbane, states that he is suffering with an unbearable itch, which has been present for seven weeks. It. attacks him in the -arm and legs, back of.the ueck. etc. Reply.— The condition suggest scaoir. Obtain some Danish sulphur ointment: have « warm bath, scrub thebody Ii over with a nail-brash and plenty of soap. Dry the body thoroughly, and rub n Danish ointment (o every portion to every foot, using about one ouoce of ointment. Put on an old pair of pyjamas and- get to .bed. Leave on for 24 boura. Have anotnet hot bath, wash off all the ointment, and ' drees in clean underclothing. Have ail nn soiled underclothing boiled, and alt other clothing baked in an oven after damping. Bed clothing, etc.-.- blankets, should h hung up and subjected to the fumes of sulphur '(burning sulphur) and all oed .linen' should be boiled. No. 2215.— "Smoke." I know of no certain remedy for a core of the tmoklug habit: It depends very largely upon your own will power. Sodden cessation of the nafctt In one so accustomed to sm-iking Is very unwise. I think thai you will succeed tn conquering your habit by gradually reduc ing your tobacco allowance, say i luacv every, three days till you have brought it down to nothing. In reference to the dan druff. see my advice to No. 2193. "\v.p." No. 2216. — "Worried Wife" states that he t« IK years of age. and ha been married since be was 16. After everything eaten very severe pato develops In the stoma«-h and she lose a considerable amount of . -blood when tbe bowels act. Reply.-! doubt whether there Is any connection between food taken into the -stomach and a haemorrhage of the bowel. It te much more likely tbat you are suf fering from haemorrhoids (piles). Th»r may be some trouble with your gall Mad der, or even with your appendix Much s» ,1 would like to give yoo advice I think the m«t. serviceable would be for you to «ub- mil to a thorough overhaul, a there te something very definitely amiss with you. which should be attended te without delay. No. 2217. — "Hoping" has been married. 56 . years of age. five children. Suffers fr->m a sticky. Irritable discharge for the past »lx months, causing much discomfort. Noth ing appears to do It any good. Has much work to do standing. Reply.— 1. do not like discharges coming on in people in middle life or over. It maj be purely a chronic cervicitis, that is. In flammation of the neck of the womb, or h may be due to something much more ser ious. Should -some malignant change oe taking place, the first sign might be a discharge which gradually becomes blood stained and offensive. My advice to you ts to have a medical examination which will definitely settle the question. The condi tion may be due to trlchonomas vaginalis, a small wormllke creature which rets up ' a constant Irritation, with sometimes pro fuse discharge. If this !» present it can oe eradicated by using Genes Pessold No. 1. inserting one every two or three hours as high a possible behind the oeck of the No. 2216— "VAT." states that there ba been an offensive brown discharge— fot about 12 months. She Is 29— married and ha three children— youngest five years .' Ka also a pimply, greasy .skin. Reply.— Possibly so trie blood which hae decompored aod which has perhaps come from a small polypus. There may be some Inflammation round the neck of tb» uterus. Offensive . discharge of this nature require immediate Investigation — It may be- nothing important— on the other hand,. It might be what te known a a precancerous state, whence a dangerous condition could develop, Tou should be carefully examined wltbont delay. -A curetage might be found to greatly im prove your health. For the skin try washing with Solvol to remove all grease then rub vigorously with methylated spirit on cotton wool or soft rag; finallj rub In resorcln compound ointment (P.D & Co.) .Take one- tenth of a grain Calomel Tablet three times a day aftvt meal for two weeks, then discontinue for two weeks, and againtake for two weeks The reason for taking to this way te thai the drug may accumulate too much iu the system; by discontinuing at Interval . time is allowed for Its elimination and unpleasant effect are prevented. t — — — — — | | "Truth's" doctor will answer medical queries of j 1 readers each week". Address your questions and prob- j I lems to him at "Truth," Brunswick and McLachlan j j streets, Valley, Brisbane. Mark envelopes "Medical Sec- I j tion." arid supply a nom-de-plume for reply' purposes as ) | well as your name and address. All correspondence will . | be treated as confidential. j j Correspondents should write in ink, using' one side | | of the paper only and setting forth the question they. | | desire answered clearly but concisely. V Please keep j" ! letters as brief as possible in outlining symptoms. . j 