;iipy^sEA:at^M-i Dr. Daniel Heftz/youngest son of the Chief Rabbi, Dr. J. H. riertz, born in Johannesburg in 1909,1 died at'Uniyersity College Hospital) London oh' 30th '^.Ugust.' , Mr, Nahum Sokplow/ ;the . Zionist leader, who died in England on May 17 last left an estate of £11,615. Dr. Maurice Ginsberg, of San Remo, Edgecliff, who went to London for Post Graduate Study, will return by the Orion to Sydney this month Prof. S. Brodestky, who was recently in South Africa for Zionist propaganda is President of the Maccabi World Union. He is Professor of Mathematics at the University of Leeds. Dr. M. Gaster, the veteran Jewish Min ister,' celebrated his 80th birthday very recently. The high esteem in which he is held is evidenced by the great number of tributes to his worth and ability. The secular press as well as the Jewish have full references to his career. ''In Czecho-Slovakia the common food of the people is potatoes, but some are so poor that they cannot afford salt with them,' says he 'Australian Pharmaceuti cal News' in a recent issue. A collection for Christian 'non-Aryan'' refugees from Germany was made in all Danish churches on Sunday, 30 August The collection was organised by the Churches, which aims at raising a fund ? of £150,000 for the Christian 'non-Aryan' refugees from Germany, of whom it is hoped to settle several thousand in South America. Sir Phillip Game, formerly Governor of this State, is now at the head of the London police, and during the. week, in the exercise of his authority prevented serious disorder by Fascists whose oUt jective was the creation of trouble for the 'Jews, particularly, and others inci dental.y. we can naraiy realise that intoleiance ot' the kind indicated, could be really acute in England,' yet,' there is this evidence or the serious growth. The Board of Deputies of British '-Jews.,.' has arranged for' a Defence Fund,- 'to combat the evil, and the cables keep us informed that all sorts ot attempts and subterfuges are being used by the 'Black Shirts' as they. style themselves to gain their ends. In: discussing the subject, we affirm our every confidence in that the British Government will not permit evil ot the kind to spread but will with with calm dignity enforce its decisions and leave the trouble- mongers no room for doubt that the law of the land will be upheld, assuring justice and rights to every citi zen irrespective of either religious, or racial, or other antipathies or distinctions. Because of the Nazi terror in Germany, Jewry is anxious about any fanatical or political outbursts, so the ill-disposed are therefore .watched with keen sensitive ness. A German, a recent arrival, who had forfeited almost all he possessed in order to escape from the Nazi persecution, ,say3 that in his native land, the possi bility ; of such a terror ccming to pass, .was, he assured us, seemingly quite as remote' as it is today in Australia— it was a few years ago deemed impossible, yet see what -has happened since. It is ? said of- the German Jews that they were ..weak in their, allegiance to Jewry — but calm thought will convince the unbiassed that the accusation is not justified- : Ger many in the past had contributed, out standing examples of religious leadership to England and America, which counter-' ? balanced those luke-warm Jews who were inclined to rely upon assimilation as the ? panacea for their feeling of isolation be cause of religion — a complex that looks 'for any excuse, for 'the wish that is father of the desire,' for a change from an environment which appeared at the moment to be confused- We know that many found that they were pursu ing a mirage. His Majesty the King yesterday re ceived and said farewell to Sir. Isaac Isaacs, formerly Governor-General of . Australia. MR. ABRAM LANDA ON THE JEWISH OUTLOOK. ' Mr- Abraham Landa, Sydney Solicitor, returned with his wife after an extensive ' trip through England and Scotland, and Europe, returning via the U.S.A. In Europe Mr. Landa went as far as Budapest. Speaking to several influential people in Budapest, Mr. Landa ascer tained that whilst Jews were not openly persecuted as in Germany, still they were prevented from entering the University Professional life was closed to them. There was still, he was told, much anti Semitism in Vienna, although whilst visiting Salsburg in Austria, he noticed that Bruno Walter, the famous conductor who is exiled from Germany, was the 2nd conductor for the Great Musical fes tival in that town. The first conductor ?was the famous Toscannini. This un doubtedly great man, who is not a Jew, but who is an Italian, will not go to Germany. Nor as a matter of fact will he go to his native land, where he w.ts ; both insulted and assaulted. Bayreuth, Germany, formerly the musical centre of the world is no longer visited by him and many other great musicians. So Salsberg, the birth-place of Mozart, has become the great centre or music, and it honors the artist regardless of his race Max Reinhardt the great producer, also: an exile from. Germany, is responsible for many of the wonderful productions to be seen here during the festivals. Switzerland is in the opinion of Mr. Landa, one of the cleanest and most beautiful countries in the world- Here the people seem to be nappy and are not torn in twain by political arguments. So far as England is concerned, al though there is considerable poverty and slums still in existence, and although wages are very low in many cases, yet the country as a whole seems to be very stable and in a more sound position than other countries. English diplomacy was struck a severe blow by its failure in the Abyssinian dispute. In his efforts to avoid war, Mr. Eden appears to be taking. more rebuffs than any previous English Foreign Minister from both Hit ler and Mussolini. He was placed in an undignified position when the question naire addressed to Hitler continued to be ignored by the Dictator. Neverthe less, one could not help feeling that the International outlook of England will change ana become' more authoritative once the country is properly equipped for war. There is now a feverish rush in England, supported it appears by all political parties, to strengthen ? the' coun try's defences. The position so far as the Jewish peo ple are concerned, is not a happy one. As regards Palestine, the Government is not taking very strong steps and such steps as are being taken, do not appear to be taken so much out of sympathy for the harrassed Jew, as for the securing some peace in the troubled zone. There is a ibig body of opinion espousing the Arab case. In the upshot it appears that although peace will be restored, Jewish development and further immigration will be considerably restricted. Concerning anti-S.emitism, Mr. Landa feels that the outlook is far Iroin good 'mere are definite signs of antagonism towards the Jew. Fascists are chiefly responsible, but there are other speakers who, in a more subtle manner, attack the Jews. Unfortunately, the Jewish people are doing very little to ward off these attacks. Such an authoritative organ . as the 'Jewish Chronicle,' draws attention to the ostrich-like policy of the Board I of Deputies and of manyi of the leaders. Appeals have been sent out for speakers and others to off -set the propaganda of the anti-Semites. Unless something is done to restrict Fascists' tendencies, and to put the case for the Jews to the people, the outlook will be Tar from bright. The idea that security can be obtained for our people by quiet back door methods is so much eyewash, and it is the considered opinion of Mr Landa that the methods at present used, whatever they are, by the leaders of Jewry, are giving the people a false sense of security. Of what avail is it to have sympathetic words from Heads of Govern ment, when the people outside are being worked up gradually to a state of hate against the Jews. It is time to try to dissipate the hatred : of the man in the street. If his hatred is fanned to the same heat as it was in Germany it will break out as it has already done only in a minor way in the East End of London Statesmen however sympathetic, cannot in the long run, curb mob fury. The only way to stop this fury is to prevent it growing. The only way to prevent it growing is by means of meetings, newspapers, and radio propaganda. Put the case for the Jew to the people ! This is the method now being advocated' in the 'Jewish Chron /?icle,'1 and 'by leading Jews--:* . ? .In this way,, the. Jews can and will wia over to their side the sympathy and sup port of thousands of lair minded people who- are only too .eager to find out the truth about the,- charges made against Jews. .... t ' Another me.tb.od pi' combatting anti Semitism, rests with- Jews engaged, in certain commercial pursuits. It is for. these people to. do everything to safe guard the good 'name of Jewry, in its everyday dealings with its neighbours. 