FIFTY YEARS AGO INTERESTING EXTRACTS PROM WARWICK FILES The' fallowing is reprinted from War-nlick newspaper .files of February 27 and March 3, 188B:— Letters of Administration.—Amongst the letters of administration granted during the week are: Charles Henry Wills, of -Warwick, freeholder, by Mary Ann Wills, and Margaret Ann Can ning, of Warwick, toy Andrew Can ning, of Warwick, storekeeper. Country Show.—The third annual exhibition in connection with the Swan and Freestone Creeks Agricultural and Horticultural Association was held at Swan Creek on Wednesday: The show Uad been anxiously looked forward to toy farmers as the means of display ing the resources of their district, number of them withholding their ex hibits from other shows in order to ■concentrate on the Swan Creek exhibi tion. The show was opened by the Minister for Works (Mr. W.' Miles) Who ia president of the • association. Thebest eight brshels of white Wheat were shown toy. Mr. L. Geek. Mr. T\ Oarmody was the successful exhibitor of Californian wheat and carried off' the honours for Lammas. Mr. Kirke gaard won first prize for Talavera and Defiance, Ti-mber " Regulations.—The public meeting- to toe held in; the Town Hall last night for-the purpose of "passing resolutions upon the present timbe-r re gulations, with a view to reque-.ting the Minister for Lnhds to make sundry alterations in sueli regulations" lapsed owing to the small attendance. An other meeting is to be held when re solutions w-ill he submitted to the ef fect that the regulations be altered so as to provide for all timber, when ready for sale, being subject to the royalty imposed l>y these regulations nirnl any timber sold without the royal ty being paid to be liable to seizure by the ranger, that any .mill proprie tor or timber-getter shall- notify the ranger upon wishing, to dispose of tim ber,■-'■'that.' the member for War wick be requested to nse his influence : during the coming session towards liav ingly monthly, quarterly, .'half-yearly, and yearly -timber licences granted. Danes for Queensland.—The Agent General for 'Queensland- has just return ed from: n- visit to IC'o-penhagen •order to ascertain if the Danish auth orities entertained any objection to their subjects proceeding to Queens land' under the "indenting" system which has been devised to afford some help to the planters. Mr. Garrick found the Danish. .Government quite, willing to co-operate on receiving as surances • that 'the ■interests" of "any" Danish immigrants would be protected. The Australian government iwill defray, the cost of their .passages to the colony. It is thought that good, Gteady men can be obtained at £2-5 a year and rations. Goods Shed.—The plans of the goods shed to he erected at East Warwick are;now" to be seen at the station master's office. The /building is to be POO feet long and . 70 feet wide, and is to be built of stone. A Warning.—.A few weeks ago the account, was published; of a girl who had fainted after having - approached too close to a deatl snake, evidently having ! breathed poisonous . vapour from the remains. "Observer," writing to fhi*'Sydney Evening News, in refer ence to a warning to .people not to handle dc-ad snakes^ says that a .party of sawyers up-country had hidden their tools.in a hollow log. Next day, when going ' to .work, one of j. them put his hand into the log to.get the tools, and was bitten by a black snake.. He im mediately chopped the - finger off, had the stump tied up, and • then-rode to the nearest doctor. On his return lie went to the place,, and seeing the finger lying on the ground, he .picked it tip and; smclled it. He immediately fell down and' died in a few minutes. . Progress Association.—A meeting of tlie. Progress Association was held in the. School of. Arts on Thursday when there were present:—Messrs. J. 'D. MacanBh i(chair.man), W. tCollins,'T. A. Johnson,- C. Jtoggenkamp, J. W. Wild, C. 'B. 'Daveney, 'C. Colas, W. G. Con ley, R. Gibson, P. Andrews, A. iMo'-gan, and G. P. Barnes. A letter was rend from the, Brisbane (Chamber of Com merce stating- tiiat the Chamber was in a state of "suspended animation," and he did not know whether he would be able to get a meeting or not for the purpose of moving la tiro matter of 'the border trade, western line, and direct line. .Messrs. Horwitz and Kates, M.B.A.'s,' iiitimnted by letter their willingness to assist in these mat ters. A lengthy letter was rend from Guondiwindl enclosing copies of a resolution passed1 at n public meeting there. The chairman stated' that he. had interviewed several leading Bris bane merchants who promised to sup port in every way the railways the as sociation was contending for, 