TRAINING IN OBSTETRICS University Directorship Suggested DOCTOR'S REPORT TO GOVERNMENT Memorial To Womenhood The appointment of a full-time Di- <*> rector of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the University of Adelaide is sug- <*> gested in a report to the Government by Dr. T. G. Wilson, lecturer in ob stetrics and gynaecology at the Uni versity, who recently returned from an extended tour of Great Britain and the Continent. Dr. Wilson was given a commission by the State Government to enquire and report upon the mortality of childbirth and the organisation and administration of maternity hospitals. He spent 12 months in Great Britain, and on the Continent and made ex haustive enquiries into these subjects. He said yesterday that he was con vinced that the most hopeful method of attempting to decrease maternal mortality in childbirth was to concen trate on efforts to see that every medical m?" who intended to practise obstetrics had every opportunity to be come thoroughly familiar with his work before beginning in practice, and that these opportunities should be gained under the supervision and guid ance of the most highly skilled and competent teachers that could be obtained. Dr. Wilson saM that while not in any way deprecating the work that had been done by himself and the various clinical teachers attached to him as lecturer in obstetrics and gynaecology at the Uni versity, lie was strongly of opinion that the importance of this subject to the women of the State justified the ap pointment of a full time Director of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the Uni versity, who would be responsible lor the entire training of medical students in these subjects. This was the one great difference that he had noticed in com paring the conditions abroad and those in South Australia. Memorial To Mothers Since his return to South Australia, Dr Wilson said that he had addressed a largely attended meeting of the National Council of Women, and had suggested that there could not be a more suitable memorial for the State's Centenary than the endowment of such a directorship—a memorial to the women pioneers of the State, and a token in recognition of the fact that it was the mothers of the future who would provide our best immigrants, and that the native born South Australians should have their childbearing made safer than in the past. The material mortality in childbirth in Australia differed little from that in Great Britain, said Dr. Wilson, and had not altered materially, according to published statistics, for the last 50 years, although one realised the enor mous advances that had been made in both, surgery and medicine during the period. Why then, asks Dr. Wilson In his report to the Government, should we not expect to get a diminution of the mortality of obstetrics? Lesson Horn Denmark Denmark had the lowest maternal mortality rate in the world. It was very much lower than than the aver age rate in Great Britain and in Aus tralia, and he had particularly tried to finri out any difference in the methods there or any reason that would account for this difference. But he had found ordinary midwifery practice such -as that in operation here. There was one practical point, however, in the routine of training medical practitioners, and that was that every medical practitioner must, after graduation, do an intensive course of obstetrics, if he intended to practise midwifery. There had been suggestions made that those medical students who did not intend to practise obstetrics should be allowed to omit this subject from the course of study before graduation, but the Danish idea seemed to be a more satisfactory solution of the prob lem. From the very nature of tilings —the number of students to be trained and the number of cases available for training—it was impossible for stu dents before graduation to get more than a knowledge of what constituted normal labor; but the course of practi cal work after graduation, where each man had actually to take cases on his own responsibility under competent supervision before starting in practice, must make a tremendous difference. The institution of such a compulsory post-graduate course of training hi obstetrics should be seriously con sidered by our University authorities, said Dr. Wilson. He found that the methods adopted and the routine car ried out in ante-natal clinics abroad were just the same as we have instituted at the Queen's Home, and, although certain obstetrical complications could ??? be. and had been, averted by this supervision, the final mortality rate [ had not been altered. Even so, be \ras stall convinced that ante-natal clinics were a step in the right direction and a very important one from the point of view of the more effective training of students and midwives. Midwifery In Britain Dr. Wilson said that in Great Britain a larger proportion of the cases of con finement were attended by trained midwives. without a medical man, and a medical practitioner was called in only when some difficulty arose: whereas in Australia the general prac titioner had always looked after the great bulk of the cases of confinement, with or without the assistance of a trained midwife or maternity nurse. So that in Great Britain one got the idea that the problem of mater nal mortality rather from the point of view of improving the efficiency of midwives. whose train ing was becoming more tnoroueh and intensive. He did not mean that the teaching bodies were not alive to the necessity, for efficient training of medical students; conditions of mid wifery practice were different in Great Britain. Under the conditions of midwifery practice in Australia, it was only natural and obvious that the problem had to be considered from the point of view of the training of the general practitioner—in other words, the efficient teaching and training of medical students. Dr. Wilson said that it liad been recoenteed by the Adelaide University for years that although the necessity for making childbirth safer was recog nised, we had not yet faced the problem of providing the very best teaching that could be provided for our students. More than ten years ago the late Sir Joseph Verco. the Dean of the Faculty of Medi cine, had told him that the University was willing to appoint a Professor of Obstetrics and Gynaecology for the medical school, but that there was no money available. * "I feel that if we are serious in our endeavors to bring about an improve ment in maternal mortality, we should begin with the teaching, and begin risht at the top. and as soon as possible." said Dr. Wilson. The position of Director of Obstetrics must of necessity cover more iTOimd than the ordinary professorships at nresent endowed in the meriiral school, he said. Not only *ou7d lie be re sponsible for the ordinary academic lec tures, but also for the actual supervision of the clinical work of the students and the whole of f.fteir trainir.-j in ob stetrics. Under those conditions the position would have to be fiHed ty a man of ample experience and marked personality, and young: enough to under take the arduous work r&t.Jred.; Dr. Wilson added that he had made this suggestion without any personal ob ject to view. Coimrils And Sales Tax.—Replies re ceived bv the secretary of the Subur ban Municipal and District Councils* As sociation 'Mr. A. S. Upton) to a circu lar letter sent to the Federal members of both Houses and local governing as fociatioiis in other States, indijate that the association will receive a good deal of support In its efforts to obtain the re mission of sales tax on local govern ment purchases. 