P.P. UNION. CENTRAL RIVERS DISTRICT COUNCIL. The quarterly meeting of the Cen tral Rivers District Council of the P.P. Union took place in the Memorial Town Hall, Wingham, on Wednesday last, August 26, 1936. The president, Mr. J. MudfoM (Pampoolah) occupied the chair. DELEGATES PRESENT. The following delegates were in at tendance: AlOavilla: Mr. A. G. Ennis. Byabarra: Mr. Bert Suters. Central Hastings: Messrs. A. D. Suters, J.- Bain, J. Oraham and H. Bain. Comboyne: Messrs. G. W. Young and G. Smith, fiurofcs: Messrs. A. Jeffery and P. K. Ward. ? Jones Island: Messrs. D. J. Clune, H. M. Calms, H. C. Ruprecht, T. J. Laurie and G. Hayward. Jerseyville: Messrs. K. Buncan ana N. Brett. KOlabakh: Mr. W. H. Lattimore. Marlee: Messrs. W. Robinson and Alick Cameron. Nulia Creek: Mr. W. Schmidt. Pampoolah: Messrs. J. Mudford and Fernley. Pappinbarra: Messrs. W. H. Blythe and E. W. Trotter. Toorooka: Mr. A. Notley. Taree: Messrs. F. Redman, L. Rich-; ardson and C. E. Drury. Upper Lansdowne: Messrs. J. Mc Laughlin and C. Bennett. . Upper Selmore: Mr. W. Hodgson. Bellangry: Mr. Percy Trotter. Wherrol Plat: Messrs. W. J. Wams ley and M. Bell. Wingham: Messrs. E. L. R. Keech, ,A. Abbott, G. H. Smart, and A. Cam eron (Secretary) . Wallamba: Messrs. G. A. Paff, G. Parker and R. Miiliken. Dondingalong: Mr. M. Butterfleld. Bulga: Messrs. R. R. Alley and F. W. Coleman. 1 The Mayer of Wingham (Aid. E. L R. Keech) , the General President of the PJP.tT. (RTr. M. P. Dunlop, M.L.O, I and Messrs. J. S. Williams (Taxation ? Department), and C. E. Ahrens (Agro stoiogist) were also present. SYMPATHY. The President expressed regret at the illness of Mr. F. A. Fitapatrick CWing- ha» Chrsalcle') which prtcludea his attendance at the meeting. He com mented on Mr. Fitzpatrlck's ability as a journalist, -and the fullness and fair ness of reports. The latter was because Mr. Fitepatrtcfe was country minded. Mr. Fitzpatrick was also liberal minded . He held that the P.P.U. were both. The P.P.U. had done a lot for the country. WELCOME. The President then extended a wel- ? come to all present. 'TUey were glad, ' he said, to have with them the General President of he P.P.U. -Mr. Dunlop), : the Mayor of Wingham (Mr. Keech) ' KM) Mr. Ahrens. j The Mayor of Wingham (Aid. Iteech) assured all that they were welcome. If ! they wished to write a letter or use the telephone the Municipal office were at ! their disposal. He hoped they would j xsarry out pleasant recollections of their ; deliberations in Wingham. ' The President appropriately acknow ledged the welcome given by the Mayor. ' MB. DtTNLOfS ADDRESS. At this stage Mr. M. P. Dunlop ad- ' dressed the gathering. ' Mr. Dunlop said: 'The decision of the Privy Council j to regard to Section 92 of the Com monwealth Constitution settles for all j time the question which for many years j has exercised the minds of Govern ments and Courts in Australia. } 'Despite this adverse decision, so ' far as the dairying industry is con- j cerned there is no need for alarm or ' panic. ' 'When the Federal Legislation was framed to supplement the State legis- ' tatfttb, making the present system of j eqaeflsation possible, we, who were responsible for the introduction of the present system, always had in mind 1 the possibility of a decision such ay has now been given, and we made cur ' plans accordingly after consulting our ! legal advisers. The existing State ' legislation is in no way affected by ' the decision of the Privy Council. This ' Is clearly indicated by the action of '? the Minister for Agriculture in N.S.W. 1 promulgating the Quotas for consump- ] tion within the State for the months ' 6t August and September. ' 'Under the Dairy Products Act in ? each of the three main producing ] .States, the Statutory Boards, operating f under these Acts, will still function, an.1 * the Minister in each State, acting on * their advice, as in the past, still has power to declare the quota for con sumption within the boundaries of the - respective States. 1 'In addition to this the Agreement £ made between the manufacturers of i dairy products (that is, the factories t both Co-operative and proprietary) , and t the Commonwealth Dairy Pfotfaree *; Equalisation Committee, Ltd., still holds | i good, and is binding- on both parties, I f subject to si* months' notice of ter- 1 mination by either party. ' \ 'That is the position to-day despite c scare headings in a section of the Press t and wild statements by irresponsible i persons who probably have a motive. £ for making such Statements, and I re-.| \ peat that there Is no occasion to bell unduly perturbed at present. t 'The existing system, which has e operated smoothly since its inception | c in Map, 1934, has been administered j t economically, at a cost of aoproxi- 1 . rnmteiy one penny per hundredweight. - The. system has been equitable both % to the consumer and to the producer, 1 and has been in the interests of both t —and in the Interests of the State, i The whole position has been reviewed i calmly and dispassionately by the i leaders in the industry, who in Mel- ] t bourne on 316t July, submitted their ^ vtews to writing and orally to' the t Acting Mtolster for Commerce (Mr. s T*i«rby.), the Mmtster for the Interior * fW.'.Paterson), and the Acting Attar^t ney-- Seneral tSenator Brennan), ;t 'The tneetine Was held in cam- *i at i J the express wish of the Ministers, and y. at this stage I am unable to disclose i what transpired— except to say that * the reeommendations which we sub- i ipitted to .the Government were unanl- i inously endorsed by every section of, ,1 the industry, a fact which each Minis- 1 ) ter to his reply commented upon fa?- i pratty. „ ' ir. 'Another point 'which was emphasised by us was the fact that to 1933, when we pressed the Federal and State Governments for the introduction of the legislation now under review, we; gave the definite assurance that if given the wide powers made possible by such , legislation, there would be no exploi tation of any section of the community.. 'We have adhered strictly to the spirit and the letter of that under- ! taking— a fact which Mr. Thorby men tioned very pointedly more than once, during the conference. | 'I am confident that from the re-.' marks of the Ministers, they recognise ' the national importance and value of the present system, and are anxious to preserve it. 'If we should find, difficulty in main taining the present position under our agreements, and new legislation be-, comes necessary, I am equally sure that the Government will have suffi cient confidence in those who have administered the present system during the last two years, to again entrust them with the control and management of their own affairs. This principle -s embodied in the recommendations sub-j mitted to the Government, and if suc cess follows our efforts there will be no Government control or interference. There may be an alteration in the methods adopted, but the result to the producer will be the same, which, in my opinion, is all that matters. 'At this crisis in the history of the industry, no good purpose will be served in raking over the ashes of the j dead past. It is admitted that in the - past certain difficulties and anomalies \ '. have occurred— most of them were ? : met and overcome — some of minor j ? importance perhaps, remained as) . a source of irritation and! ' annoyance. These should now ' be forgotten in the greater prob- j lem which we have to face. A problem | i of national importance in the solving i i of which individuals, groups, districts | J and even States should be entirely for- i gotten, and the problem faced and 1 dealt with as an Australian problem. ] Dairying is now a great Australian i primary industry, recognised as such ( l by those in authority, and we will be sadly lacking in our duty if we allov: - the narrow parochial view to interfere and bias our judgment in our deliber- i ations on the all -important matters I now before us. 1 'I conclude as I commenced, ?wtfh the observation that there is no need c for even the suggestion that the ex isting system has broken down, or will r break down, and any manufacture;- or j factory which attempts to take ad- s vantage of the present temporary feel- r ing of uncertainty which has been deliberately fostered by those whose i interests are opposed to ours, must be f prepared to take the full responsi- p bility'of any action on their part likely to interfere in any way with the con- a tinued smooth working of the system p which has saved those engaged in tho 1 industry from financial disaster.' Mr. J. McLaughlin said this would c legalise the Paterson Scheme. l- Mr. Dunlop said it would do so and n go further. It would eliminate tne speculation. Under the Paterson n Scheme with all its virtue, the specu- f- lator waxed fat. tl Mr. Alley: Will the butter position e. be better all round? t] Mr. Dunlop said all depended on Liondon. It was difficult to forecast the w London position. He did not attempt d to do so, because they could make so ri many mistakes. He had been informed b by people, including proprietary men, p that the present London price would C hold for some time. v Mr. Jeffery moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Dunlop. He said that after hear- ^ ing Mr. Dunlop's address they realised tJ more than ever how much they owed h to the Union. They should stick to- t] gether, and be 100 per cent P.P.U. Mr. Trotter seconded the motion, and Q isked that there be included confidence Q in the administration of the P.P.U. Mr. Jeffery agreed. ^ The motion was carried by acclama- s' tion. Mr. Dunlop, in response, said that after the Privy Council decision was a jiven he received three telegrams ask- *' ing what was the position. Se replied a So carry on. He discussed the matter c Rrtth Mr. L. O. Martin, M.L.A., for t! some time, Mr. Martin asked If they ' would like him to attend a meeting. t! He replied that they would. Mr. Mar- e tin attended as Mr. Martin, not as S Minister of Justice, and for two hours J they had the benefit of his advice. yi Frankly, he was not satisfied with the *' josition as regarded the Privy Council. e le now thought ihey had the machinery v ;o deal with the matter. E ADDRESS ST MB. WILLIAMS. ' Mr. J. S. Williaais said that ad- j?( jr esses from Officers of the Taxation r| Department were quite an innovation. ^ ind the Commissioner had found them nost successful. v Officers had been ^ ible to break down a feeling of dis- E ;rust on the part of the taxpayers. n the Commissioner had a warm spot in G ?is heart for the dairying industry, :or he knew what those engaged in it H lad to contend with. This was a good- bl vill gesture, and not a foraging expe lition. At Coff's Harbor he had adver ;lsed that he would see people and they leed not tell him who they were. Many a] ;aw him, and he answered questions e: without knowing who they were. Tne q department did not want to 'squeeze s\ ;verything they could oat of taxpay- tt ;rs. The Commissioner was desirous p; -f giving people the advantage of all u ,he concessions they were entitled to. rhe object of the visit was largely to 3 jxplain the live-stock schedule, which tl vas a problem hi itself. The visits a jrought the city to the country, in w ;he city they had a number of inter- gj; dewing officers who were kept busy ai ill flay long. A lot was done by cor- jj Jesponflence. fie Would advifce them' n x- give a little more information than p vas asked for in the returns, say when tl ?hey made a special sale. He had been bi isked should a farmer furnish a return C( when he made a loss. The reply was tj Jeflnitely to do so. They were en- \a titled to carry forward a loss for two j, rears. That applied to the Income io rax— not thfe Special Income Tax, Bj vhich was equivalent to the Wages -tl rax. It was now necessary to keep sp records. He thought that was in the -&? Interest of both the Department 8'-* sj ;he taxpayer. The Commissioner .did 1 c- tot want them to keep an elaborate | ei ;et of books. A note book would do. tt rhey should keep a record of receipts ) p and expenditure of particular items and it would be easier at the end 0 the year to make up the tax return. The Officer also spoke on the matte of factory returns. The gross receips should be put in. One speaker hat said the industry could pay only 10: per week. They were entitled to pul the amount in if it was paid in Ok carrying on of the business. Thej were entitled to put in for keep c.l children over 16 years of age, if the? were wholly employed in the business and received no wages. But the maxi mum amount allowed was £1 per week. There were people who said: 'I will take the risk, and not send in a re turn.' They had a very efficient system of check. In a series of newspaper articles the Commissioner had given very valuable and sympathetic advics. He had been empowered to say that where a taxpayer got in first and said he had made a mistake, the Com missioner would not prosecute. But the Commissioner would probably charge an amount to cover interest on the money he had not had in the past. In the past there had not been uniformity in the Federal and State Tax forms as to live-stock. He found that farm ers had adopted one set of values, and the Commissioner had accepted these. It was mandatory really to have cost price or market selling value. Which ever basis of valuation you have adopt ed in the past should be continued. In the future they would be able to balance then- figures. A farmer had asked if he should put in values for calves he had knocked in the head. He said that should not be done. It had been said that there would be a batch of prosecutions after his visit. All he was sending in now was a list of people who wanted extensions of time in which to send in their returns. Mr. Williams told Mr. Young that he thought it would be to the farmers' advantage to put in a uniform value for stock. There was give and take all along the line. If the Commissioner bad any slogan it would be that the people who could least afford to bear I it should not pay more than they were ?equired to pay. Mr. Suters was informed that all pur :hases should be shown. Mr. Williams also dealt with the natter of depreciation. On power slant it was 5 per cent., and on other slant 10 per cent. Mr. Bennett said that receipts were iemanded, say on freight. Mr. Williams said that receipts were lot demanded. The farmer should ust keep a record of the gross amounts md show them in the first page of the eturn. Mr. Williams told Mr. Blythe thfl.t Us advice was to always give gross igures, for there was an appropriate ilare to show the deductions. Mr. Suters said that it was thought . bit unfair that they were not allowed nything for boarding a child between 4 and 16 years of age. Mr. Williams said that was a con essional deduction, and £50 was al ^i-ert for Income Tax purposes, but :0t for Special Income Tax. Mr. Clune said a lot of farmers dir1 iot pay their children wages, but paid ar clothes and gave them money when hey went into town. Were they not ntitled to put in an amount such us hey would pay to a stranger? Mr. Williams said he thought that 'hen a farmer paid money to his chil ren in that way, he should keep a ecord of it. He thought that should e allowed. He had not heard the oint raised before, and would tell the Commissioner he had given that ad ice. Mr. Alley asked that where a son rorked for the good of the farm, and he farmer put down £1 per week for iim, was he also entitled to put in he amount for clothes? Mr. Williams said he thought tbe uestion was covered by the previous uestion. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Villiams, on the motion of Mr. Blythe, econded by Mr. Suters. ROAD DEDICATION. From the General Secretary, Prim ry Producers' Union, as follows: 'With urther reference to resolution re ffirmed at the last meeting of the tentr^l Executive, having reference io he above mentioned matter. I now ave pleasure to quoting letter from le Minister for Works and Local Gov rnment to reply to your alternate sug estlon: 'I refer to your letter of 4tn uly, conveying a further resolution by our Central Executive requesting that tie Local Government Act be amend d to permit of roads less than 66-ft. ridth being dedicated to the Eastern ?ivision where they are not through Dads, and desire to state that I have one carefully into the matter, but egret that I cannot see my way to ecommend that the Act be amended 1 the manner suggested.'' Mr. Jeffery moved that a deputation fait on the Minister during the next Ixecutive meeting, to regard to the latter. He said he did not think the covernment understood the matter. Mr. Schmidt seconded the motion. !e did not think such roads should ( b fi6-ft. wide. The motion was carried. UNEMPLOYMENT' RELIEF TAX. From the General Secretary, Prim ry Producers' Union, as follows: 'Un- raployment Relief Tax. That as the epartment are throwing the respon billty on -to Local Government bodies \- find' funds for the relief of unem loyment, they be asked to repeal the 'nemploymeijt Relief Tax.'' The Deputy Premier (Mr. M. F. , ruxner) wrote thus: 'The purpose pf le Special Income and Wages Tax ct is to meet the financial emergency, hich has existed during recent years, y the imposition of Special Taxes, fid it was designed to levy eontrlbn- i ons from all sections of the com lusity who were considered able to ay those taxes. During the last! : iree years the rates of tax have | ' sen. substantially reduced, and con :sslons have been made, especially to ixpayers an the smaller incomes, the ist reduction operating from tbe 18th anuary,' 1836, when the rates on to- ' smes under £5 per week were con derably reduced as compared with le rates previously existing. The olicy of the Government, as enunci ted by the Premier to his last policy seech is that as the financial position jntlnues to improve, 60 wttl the GoV rnme'nt continue to lift the burden- : tat have been placed upon the ; eople - during the --depression, and ;, thereby give further effect, from tlm f to time, to the policy of which th i Government has already been able t r. afford a great deal of relief.' 5 1 Mr. Blythe said that with the amend 1 1 ment Of the Act, the Councils woul 5 : have to borrow money to carry o; t j works for which they had already pait ! I The Councils had done as much to re r lieve unemployment as the Govern i ments had done. With more people ii ? employment more wages would be paic i He contended that the tax1 was not be ? tog put out for the special purpose to , which it was levied. Mr. McLaughlin said their troubii Was the disposition of the tax. He die not think it will be wise to repeal thi tax. He was surprised to hear an Exe cutive say, to the presence of a repre sentative of the Taxation Departmen' above all people, that the dairying wa: one of the few industries in Australis which was on a staple basis. Something should be done to help the poor peopU who were working on a starvation basis The farmers could not afford to pas higher wages. Men frere being pale 10s per week. He would be much hap pier if he had not to tell the truth. CONSTITUTION AND RULES, AND COLLECTION OF SUBSCRIPTIONS, From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, drawing .atten | tion to resolutions carried at the last meeting of the Central Executive Coun cil, to regard to constitution and rules, and collection of subscriptions.— Re- ceived. CLOSER SETTLEMENT, From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received from the Acting Sec retary, Prime Minister's Department, Canberra, in regard to urging the Federal Government to initiate a scheme which would induce suitable settlers to come to the Commonwealth. —Received. STOCK MEDICINES. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received from the Minister for Agriculture, in reference to persons selling stock medicines.— Received. AGROSTOLOGISTS. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing copy of letter received Irom the Minister for Agriculture to reference to the valu able work carried out by the Agrosto logists who are stationed at Lismore and Maitland.— Received. EXECUTIVE COUNCIL. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, notifying the dates of the next session of the Cen tral Executive Council.— Received. SALES TAX ON LUBRICATING OILS. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, as follows:. 'I refer to the representations made to the Hon. the Minister for Trade and Customs Cot the exemption from Sales Tax of lubricating oils used for agri cultural purposes. You may be as sured that this matter will be con sidered by the 'Government to con nection with the forthcoming budget proposals.— Regarded as satisfactory. .VISIT OF TAXATION OFFICER. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, enclosing schedule of dates and towns which an Officer form the Taxation Depart ment will visit to give information fri regard to taxation matters. The Officer will be at Wtogham from 31st. August' till the 2nd.' September.— Received . NON-RECEIPT OF 'PRIMARY PRODUCERS' NEWS.' From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, in regard to let- ( tec received from Mr. R. J. Weber, cf Tinonee, complaining of non-receipt of his copy of 'Tlie 'Primary Producer.' —Deferred to next meeting. MOTOR TRANSPORT ACT. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Produoers' Union, outlining regu-, lation 117, Motor Transport Act, whien deals with the maximum length, etc., of loads conveyed on highways.— Re- ceived. SWINE COMPENSATION FUND. From the General Secretary, Prim ary Producers' Union, furnishing the, Jatest information with regard to the financial position of the Swine Com-; pensation Fund. Wtogham condemna tion was .61.— Received. REDUCTION IN SWINE COMPENSATON TAX. From Hon. L. O . ' Martin, Minister of Justice, as follows: 'With reference to your personal representations on be half of the Wingham Branch of the Primary Producers' Union, urging that a reduction be made in the Swine Compensation TaS, 1 desire to inform you that this matter is considered from time to time, but it is regretted that at the present time it is not possible ,to grant the request. You will remem ber that last year a Bill was passed by Parliament to reduce the tax from Is to 9d per head, this being the first reduction made since the Act came into force to 1928. You will appreciate, therefore, that the Government has not been unmindful of the pig owners ' in this connection. I might mention that the statement before me to respect ] of the half-year ended' 31st December, 1 1935, indicates that the revenue received under the Fund during this period amounted to £9,193 19s 8d, whereas the amount paiti to claims totalled £11,108 12s 6d. Whilst at the moment there is a credit balance to hand, the posi tion of the fund will not permit of any further reduction at the present time. Meanwhile, certain interests are press ing the matter to other ways, all of which will be beneficial. My own idea is that the State should be cut into districts, and 0 the farmers in one district by their industry and capa city free their district of swine disease, the tax Should come down accordingly ; in that district. To do this a system of branding would become -essential. Further, as T.B. is the ?ex&ensive; di sease, I think we ought to modify the payments made on condemns through! iVB., with a view to Compelling people to he more careful, and not to allow good farmers to be penalised by bad where results have -followed on careful attention to disease, as to our own Bacon Factory.' The President said that there was on the agenda paper a motion dealing with this matter. WORKERS' COMPENSATION. From the Genera] Secretary, prim ary Producers' Union, -enclosing copy of -letter received from the AxAtog Pre mier to connection with Workers' Com pensation. The President said it was not satis r ie factory, but- they- did 'not know ; whs ie to do. 0 Mr. Keecb; Not till we get-Nationi Insurance. \- The letter was received, il WATER ACT. n From Mr. Cecil Christian, Belliiti 1\. bopinni, Macleay River, attaching \- letter from the General President c \- the P.P.U.. in reply to his communi n cation requesting the assistance of th I. P.P.U. to securing urgent amendment \- to the Water Act 1912. r Mr. Dunlop said he bad seen Mi Spooner, who had agreed to bring ii e a Bill to cover all those matters. 1 VARIOUS MATTERS. e From the General Secretary, Prim \- ary Producers Union, as follows: (1) Conference of Empire Producers t advising that Mr. Dunlop has beei s honored to that he has been mad i chairman of the Country Committe j in connection with Australia's 150U ; Anniversary Celebrations. (2) Dairy Research Institute, advis r tog that at the Factory Managers am I Secretaries' Conference held recently : \- resolution was carried approving thi principle of establishing a Dairy Re search Institute with which would If. . associated organisations in each Sta*- . similar to the Hawkesbury Agriculturn \- College, and provision would be ma-l- , for a co-ordinating officer to condurl \- Dairy Research. (3) Agrostologists: The- question oi appointing additional agrostologists is now being considered by the Mtolste: for Agriculture, but I am not to a po sition to report anything definite at the moment. (4) Swine Compensation: The Min ister for Agriculture has advised that it will not be possible to introduce legislation relating to fire-branding oi pigs during this session, but same will be introduced as soon as possible. Fur ther that additional Veterinary Sur geons will be detailed to follow up con demnations at Bacon factories as soon as practicable. — Received. THE AGROSTOLOGIST. [ Mr. C. E. Ahrens, Agrostologist, said I that part of the competition they had decided upon at the Wauchope meet tog was being carried on and he hoped to finalise the judging at the Taree end next week. Farmers have told him they had not entered the competitioa for the purpose of getting prize money, but to get him on to the farm to give advice as to pasture. He desired to know if they wished to have a com petition next year, so that if they did so, he could get on with the organisation at once. He also desired to know if they wishetf the distribution of a cir cular setting out information about the establishment of winter pastures. Mr. Blythe was informed that an open competition would not be so sat isfactory from his point of view. The inclusion of old plots would not be fair to new ones. Mr. Trotter said he would like to see all plots put to, and additional points given for new plots. Mr. Ahrens suggested a competition similar to the one held last year. Mr. Robinson moved that a compe tition similar to last year be held. Mr. Young seconded the motion, which was carried. In reply to a question, Mr. Ahrens said the circular would be included to the motion. Mr. Ahrens said the number of en tries received last year, 64, was very satisfactory, seeing it was the first year. The Lower Hunter had 61 entries to the second year. , A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Ahrens, on the motion of Mr. Alley, seconded by Mr. Young. Mr. Dunlop congratulated Mr. Ahrens on the wonderful success which had followed his efforts to the Lower Hun ter. He was a member of the Aus tralian Dairy Council and would recom mend that to future seed be distributed to such a way that gentlemen like Mr. Ahrens could have control over it. Last year the Council had distributed sufficient seed and fertiliser for 7000 acres. The Secretary was empowered to pay the prises as soon as he got the list of prize winners from Mr. Ahrens. SECRETARY'S REPORT. The Secretary (Mr. A. Cameron) pre sented the following report: Receipts: Subcriptions £295 2s 6d. u Balance April ' 30th, £280 -5s 9d.— Total £525 8s 3d. 9j Expenditure: Dr- legates Expenses £6C 6s 6d, Branch Expenses £2 0s 6d, 'Head Office £168, Secretary Travelling, etc £8 18s 6d, Printing and Advertising £3 t. 7s 6d, Stamps £1 2s, Insurance £3 a 2s, Allowance to Factories Secretaries ,f £7 16s, Bank Charges 5/6, Balance, less i_ unpresented cheques £244 9s 9d.— c Total £525 8s 3d. ;s The report was adopted. L-. DELEGATES' REPORT. n Gentlemen — It is again my priv ilege to present a veport of the conference of the Central Execu * .tive of your Union, held at the Board rooms in Bridge Street, on ? 24th and 25th June, g The General President, Mr. M. P. e Dunlop, in his Presidential ad , dress, gave a clear explanation of various important matters connect \- ed with the Union, and such has al i ready appeared in the 'Primary * Producer.' 5 Anglo - Danish Trade Agreement. [ Early in the Conference it was I learned that the Anglo - Danish J trade agreement, which expired , recently, had been renewed by the i British Government, with a provi sion that it may be terminated by C four months notice by either party. i This matter was earnestly discus sed by your Executive, and it was deemed advisable to cable Dr. Page 1 in London, and ask that Dominion trading preference in Britain be effectively safeguarded. It has since been stated that the' agreement was only renewed for four months. The action of your Union in this matter has since been criticised by two Cabinet Ministers, both Fed eral and State respectively, who both appeared to console them selves with the idea that the An glo-Danish agreement was going to rob Australia of nothing. It may not be out of place to remind | them that Australia has recently made big trading concessions to Britain, and we certainly expect some favourable trade treatment in return. It Is still fresh i'n our mind that the treaty in its present form contracted for England to take from Denmark more butter than Denmark was able to send her ; but so soon as Australia made a reasonable increase in her yearly output the matter of restricting our amount of export was quickly hint ed at by the British Ministry. We quite appreciate the fact that I Britain must trade with Denmark, ' in order to market much of her ? own manufactured goods, &c;, but it seems hard to follow the sugges tion of the Acting Minister for Commerce that the nation as a whole is richer thereby, when the trading balance is about £20,000,000 annually in favour of Denmark. As this is definitely a debit trade balance between the two countries, it must apparently be made good by Britain in hard cash. It ap pears that after making all allow ances for the trade between the two countries, that the British con sumer, as well as taking heavy sup plies of Danish dairy produce, has also to foot the bill for the large amount previously mentioned ; hence is only able to buy Austra lian butter at the ruinous prices1 rilling since the Anglo- Danish ag reement of 1931. ' '. ' We have a right to ask that in '. any new agreement provision will ' ? be made for a reasonable increase ) in. our butter exports to London, and so allow a necessary yearly ex pansion of the dairy industry. \ Further than this, it seems a: matter of sheer impossibility for Australian dairy farmers to, in any .; way, fall in with the suggestion of I ' a duty on all butter we export to J ' England. Australia lias recently) wade important tradeanfl customs ^ concessions to British goods eater- V ^ Ing the Commonwealth, and -we, at least, expect that our Federal ?; Ministers will in this instance show x\ some interest in our primary indus tries, and bargain for the' Iree entry of Australia's primary products on . the British market ; failing that, if a duty has to be paid on barber, then the Commonwealth should undertake to pay it, as a national responsibility, and not saddle it on the dairy industry, which is not in a position to carry l-\ Empire Prodocers' Conference. This matter appears to be taking definite shape. The idea has been approved of by the Australian Pri- I mary Producers' Association. It seems important that we should have a conference in London of « ) Empire dairy producing interests ^ prior to the Imperial Confer' erice in ! 1937. ?: ? ?? There are vital interests, and ap parent misunderstanding on many i dairy matters' between ^England and * Australia -that will never -be eiearly understood until the - producers themselves discuss them' from THEffl point of view. Following the Empire producers' conference in London in 1937, it is likely that a further Empire pro- ' ducers' conference will be held in Sydney in 1938, as part oi the cele brations of Australia's I50th anni versary. These conferences should secure -! a better understanding, and do JJ much to promote co-operation be tween the dairy producers of both countries ; and advantage will be taken of the visit of Empire dele gates to take them through coun try districts and so allow them to make contact with our dairy farm ers and the industry as it actu ally is. 'The Primary Producer.' The balarice sheet of our news paper to the 31st May shows a fur- *?- ther improvement, and it appears that in the near future additional space in the journal is both neces sary and justifiable. ' Fire Insurance on Buildings. A lengthy and exhaustive report * from The Australian Insurance and Banking Record made it very clear that the insurance companies % cannot see any justice in the claim that they should pay the full am ount of the policy when a building is destroyed by fire. They contend that the owner has his remedy by steadily reducing the value of the ' building, and thereby securing a lower premium. I note they made no suggestion of how they meet a case of where improvements have U made a building more valuable, or y' by what means they arrive at the depreciation of a building that nei ther they nor their agents majJf-j have seen for many years. fl% ? Noxious Weeds. The Department of Agriculture could not see its way clear to agree to send out dried specimens of nox ious weeds, as it contends that in the process of drying the character of the weed alters, and renders , identification very difficult. Workers' Compensation Increased Rates. Information secured on this mat- ' ter undoubtedly showed that the cost of claims paid in retent years had increased at least 100 per cent. The insurance companies claim that farmers are responsible for bolstering up the claims of their employees. To this statement we take exception, but there is cause for concern, and our Executive will interview the B.M.A. and ask for more . carefiil consideration of claims. . (Continued on next page). ^Continued jl'om previous page) . i siatti&tdistfijm; of Wearing Parts; «X Ag^iimitUf al implements /i,:', '-?* antl *|Sctt«ery. . , . , Jtbis is €a ^iiiportant -riiatter, and : *~ Sfc '.'''fc&si; Spifie progress has been: SjLaSfe. ^^«tiai!3ed.itishoaia do . ffiiueh 'tt- tjhieapfcn many replace i&ftt; parts of fkrin machinery. jRoacls Less than 66 feet Wlfle. : ; 1$ w^ .agreed tp re-submit the jpefliiest that iroads less than 66 ft. y®aa ire illtfwpd to tie dedicated in-«tee--anti«fen -division -oiE the *^*e '.: , ? . ? ? . , ? ? $3dt#]&tfifiim; In %he Warkftting vt ^XBort Imtter With New tealand. .:'5li%nu«sttop Was again flefer red iinf il such time as some in fpfmation ,can. he semred as to wiit line New Zealand adopts un «tef 'Its aiew ;eystein. . Up to the ?gSJsiSnl;. itaeems a closely euard *d agfSilittcal 'seciet, and mo inform *04(»i ^f tiay virtue seejns available. B&ttnty; tttt' feutter. yTms/Was.aisb defcrled until the *eudict.of iheJPrivy Council in the Barnes appeal -case comes to hand. aii](jo Jones' Weather Forecasts. = 'WUjs ' would cost our paper at ?ttaft'tW.^et year, a«d it wa6 de -&&&! V*t to subscribe to the in lorSiatioh, ^biit Xrom time to titne ^H^Saiftier news nt value to farmers -\rtil be printetl. , T.B. Infeclioh in Cattle. . Information was given that ' some cows made available by a. Southern ? Estate, which re acted Ao *he T.B. test, were slaugh tered, and did not 6how the -slightest trace of the disease. It iwas agreed the Executive watch the Matter very closely in the Interests of the dairy fartrifers. TStrayirtg Stock. Amendments are being drafted to the '-Cruelty to Animals Act,' which will make it an offeree to aban don animals. A copy of the am endments will be submitted to our Executive' when completed. Branding of Bottles. 'This matter is still Tinder consid eration, and should be flralised | shortly. ? I Butter, Substitutes. It was again agreed to ask the 'Federal Government to place an Excise duty on butter substitutes j wherein imported f^ts and oils are incorporated ; *uch duty to be ISS tnough to prevent their profit ittee sale &t; a price lower than that fixed from time to time for choic est butter. in expressing my own opinion on this matter, it appears as if neither our .Federal or State Government has any .intention, /of Introducing] ?nv legislation that will in any way I interfere with the free manufac- ? inre and distribution of this un- j tSeeeEgary article. .^fiie 'Pfe'Seral Government says it ' % a responsibility for the State! ?i56vernaiB'nt to deal with, and ap- * parentty the only indication we ] f&ve;'ol any likely action by the ' i§lkte Goverrment is that the maii iiiac'turers may be coinpelled to Jfht*lcfetit an either a white or saf *rofi colour. '? When we realise tMt the whole manufacture 61 butter substitutes isfftjwwttiflned tofij'dney, and that dttfiKg the last yelr another com pany has been formed, and en tered into business, it looks as if -Irianxifacttirers have some as surance that not much will be done to Inionvenleiice them in any way: District Representation -Central Executive. Proposals from Tweed ana Rich Ji6nd JDistrlct Cb'tocils werfe sftb mltted iax a change to the lollowing ifefe;— : ' . 666 mfembers dr part thereol one ' delefeatt .; 501 to iSpD-members two delegates, and one additional delegate for each additional 1000 members. There were replies from 10 other District Councils opposing any al teration in the rule re representa tion on the ^Central Executive. Needless to say, the suggested al teration from Richmond and Tweed ws well beaten. The Executive officers recommended that no ad ditional tteiesates tsc. appointed, but that extra votes be given, ais follows:— 500 members of part thereof 1 vote . 501 to'iSui) 'members 2 votes. 1501 to 2600 mdnibsi-s 3 votes. 2501 to S5D0 members 4 votes. . 'This -was tiuTdly practicable in some instances, and was-alsb de feated. .Then came the kn'cck-out, whfen ;a;.delegl'te tfom Ttfchnioiia' calnlly tnoyed — 'tiiat Tw^kd', RIchnioha arid ^lawafra District Councils be iliowefl to ^onianue their addi tional representatives fon the re maining sessions of ^bls year. This was carried, despite the fact that io District Councils had expressed themselves as opposed to any alter ation of the representation. your Delegates adhered to the decision of our District Council and spoke and voted against any alteration. ? A certain elasticity! seem.3 to have crept into this Dis- j trict Council representation that,, in my opinion, is ridiculous ; ana, | as I have previously remarked, itj is at times hard to account '.or the I vote at times recorded by some delegates. . . The Various Remits from -Our Dis trict Council were as follows : — Displaying Copy of Boll of Elec tors for Election of Australian t-atry. Produce Board.— Carried.. ?? fi-ovision of A Vote for Share! Farmers in future elections in con- i section with dairy legislation, &c.; j —Carried. | Compulsory Identification Mark on All Pigs submitted for slaughter. —Carried. Printing Contents of Stock Mix tures on containers. — Carried. j Meat Inspection of all meat slau ghtered for consumption in country J centres.— Lost. Permits for Drawing 40ft. Poles oa roads. It was decided to pro test against this, but the General Secretary was instructed to first oo tain further information. Liability for Accidents by Shire Councils after notification.— Lost ; but already provided for in the Act. Repeal of Unemployment Relief Tax. — Carried. immigration of Suitable Immi grants, with the object ot further ing .the policy of closer settle ment and decentralisation. — Car ried. Simplifying Farm Census Re turns. — Carried. Many other matters of import ance were dealt with, but space will j not permit of reference to same. Indeed, it is astonishing the am ount of business transacted at the Conference in its two days' sitting. Privy Council Appeal. — Since writing the above report I note that the Privy Council has given j its decision in the Dried Fruits' case j legislation — James V Common wealth, As the verdict is hi fav our of James, this decision will also affect similar legislation in connec tion with the dairy industry, and may cause some marketing disor- I ganisation in the coming season. I It now means another job for our Union to undertake and overcome, and, assuredly, it will. The scheme was, undoubtedly, a great help to the dairy industry during recert years. Much experi ence has been gained during its op erations, and 1 feel that we need not be down-hearted at its discon tinuance, as from the wreck, maybe, something even better will arise. However, both the scheme and those responsible for organising it have at times been subject to much criticism, so now is an opportunity | for those know-alls and self-styled friends of the dairy , farmers to come out and tell us all just what should be done to save the dairy industry. If the Tarmers choose to stand loyally together, the matter is in their hands, and there would be no need for them to approach any Government, or be at the mercy of any selling agents. In. the words of our late President, Mr. C. J. Mc Rue : 'To the organised producer all things are possible.' Comment from Melbourne seems to suggest that the Federal Gov ernment may take a referendum regarding section 92 of the Con stitution. Others sv?gest resur recting .the Paterson Plan ; but I fl& wot thl&k; either qt these sug gestions will come to light, as it is unlikely that a referendum on this matter alone would be carried ; and the Paterson Plan is not likely to function again as a volun tgi-v nieasure. — W. H. BLYTHR. Mr. Blythe said they had not heard anything further since last meeting as i regarded gutter substitutes. The mat- j ter seemed to be lagging. It may bej only his own opinion but none of the ! Governments seemed to be giving them th'e 'justice ttiey desired. More com panies were forming, and those who ' were doing so were not in the 'mug' olass. They should marshal their forces. , ' Mr. Bennett suggested that a wire be sent to the Premiers who were meeting in Adelaide that day; Mr. Dunlop said that In 1931 or 1932 the N.S.W. Government passed a Bill concerning butter fat, but the regula tion had to be withdrawn , bedause it was ultra vires oT the Constitution. ) JSr. Bennett moved that a telegram' be sent to Dr. /Page at Adelaide. ? Mr. Smith seconded, and ^Jr. Mc Laughlin supported the motion, which Was carried. The telegram read as follows: 'Dr. Earle ?S?age, Premiers Conference, Ade iaide: Oentcal Rivers District Council frimary Producers' Onion, copsislin? of 48 delegates representing 40ub dairy farmers in these districts, strongly protest against delay effective steps to protect industry against competition butter substitutes, and urges immedi ate aiitfeh at present Premiers' Con ference.' Mr. Blythe told a delegate that both Mr. Cameron and he voted against Dis- -I trict Councils -being given additional representation on the Central Execu- j ttve. Mr. -Cameron got a sho'ck when he found though ten District Councils' were Instructed to Vote against the giving t-f additional -representation, it was carried. j , Mr.TSonnetfblBo asteefl 'why a motion as regarded inspection of country kill ing 'was turned down. Mr. Dunlop said that one of the f reasons was cost. j BUSINESS PAPER. j Mr. Keecii for 'Wingham Branch, moved: ' 'That this District Council express its confidence in the Cerieral P.esi dent and the Executive Officers to deal with the pos tion arising out at the Privy Council's decision in regard to Clause 92.' Mr. Young seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Alley for Bulga Branch, moved: '?That the Bulga Lands ba forth- - w'th fipenea up for Selection.' | In moving the motion, Mr. Alley said: \- 'Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,— Tne motion I have to move is: ) ^Tliat Bulga lands be forthwith j opened for selection.1 'There are two particular reasons I am going to advance to-day to prove that this land should be thrown open to the settler. The first is that when j the land was first opened as Home- 1 stead Farms in 1912, a promise -was made j that as a demand arose, so would the! land be made available. Some of the i first settlers were induced by that j promise to throw up good work and j settle on the land, in the belief that j a settlement of some extent was in process of formation, but shortly after ! the first few settlers, induced by aj Government promise, had made a good start to clear their land, the balance was closed, up and declared a State Forest. Even if later Governments, who, by the forgetfulness induced by the eSluxion of time, deny that a promise was made, the implied promise is written all over the face of the Bulga even to this day. One has only j to draw attention to the roads made . and now grown over, and the roads marked but not constructed. The im plication is only too plain to those who trusted in the continuity of a vital Government promise. Not to taKe up your tune, let me move to the second reason. I contend that the Bulga lah.Js are much more valuable as Dairy Farms than as a State Forest, unless that i land is capable of, or suitable for, j afforestation. I am not blind to the J needs of Forestry. I had a conver- ' sation with tht Chief Commissioner, for Forests, and he informed me, aftev ', inspecting portion of Bulga State For- j est, that he was very doubtful if it j was suitable for re-afforestation, ft ' is an undisputed fact that the young timber growing up has a black heart i in the case of Gum and Blackbutt. I \ myself heard a prominent miller make a statement to that effect to both the MinUter for Forests and to Mr. Swain. : Tallow-wood does not propagate itself to any extent after being cut out, and ) takes something like 100 to 150 years : to come to full maturity. In answer j to a question as to what amount had been received from Bulga State Forest, we were officially informed that during the last eleven years the amount re ceived was £2,020— also the answer stated that a considerable amount of log timber had been purchased by one mill (not named). That log timber, I presume, refers to timber purchased from the settlers. If we put the aver- j age amount received by each settler , as £50— and allowing forty settlers to ; have benefited in this way— £2,000— j actually the number of settlers 6ellin? ' timber would probably be much less. J That brings the possible amount to , be received by way of revenue as £4020. ! There are about 55 blocks settled, tho ! average annual rental being from £7 to £12 per annum. I take the lowor ' figure — 55 blocks at £7 per year, £385; II years at £385, £4235. If the 40 remaining blocks were thrown- open: 40 blocks at £7— £3080; for 11 years' rent for the 95 blocks. £7315. Rate the blocks at say £2 per block or farm for 11 years, and we get £2090. Added to the rent we get a total of £9405. I have not included unemployment tax or income tax, the former being paid by quite a number, and the latter by a few of the farmers. This gives ;i total of £4020 in royalties for the period under survey; only £2020 actually to revenue, compared with £9405 in rents and rates from fanners. These figures— and I have tried to,. err in favor of For estry when I did not give exact fig ures—show for Forestry £4020, against Rents and Rates from Farmers, £9405. There are three .mills operating on the Bulga at present, and one burnt out a few years ago. The revenue thus from the farmers during eleven years would be greater by £5385, than from the State Forest. Now let me explain the extent to which the timber (I refer to hardwood) is taken from the blocks, as stated to me by the Minister for Forests. First the mill men enter, and take what is useful to them. Then the sleeper cutter follows, and finishes off, using only tallow-wood. Now, on .the Bulga the only timber ol any use for fencing purposes is' tallow-wood, and any block cleared up in this way, if eventually thrown open for selection, I would hesitate to advise any of my -sons to select, as under modern con- i ditions of dairying an enormous amount of .fencing material is required, and where is it to be had? Now Mr. Chair man, returning for a moment to mv first reason. The whole of the land was laid out for a settlement, was sur veyed into living areas, a cemetery site marked out, good roads made v-i enormous cost per mile, bridges built, town blocks sold, schools .built. Evan if they deny the actual word for word promise, what I have pointed out con stitutes an implied promise. Our sons and daughters had no opportunity of learning any trade but farming, and I stand here to-day, and deliberately (on behalf of -Bulga Farmers) charge every Government that succeeded the McGowen Government with a breach o£ faith, and with not heeding protests. Now MJ-. Chairman and Geuile men, the arguments I have put forward are not one-tenth of what can be used to prove our case, but are, I believe you will concede, nevertheless over whelmingly in our favor. I recognise your time is valuable, and I will con clude by pointing out that in the case of Bulga lands, re-afforestation is ad mittealy out of the question, and the value of the surface timber is not half the revenue the farmers pay, ah'd the principal hardwood should never, .be removed,, as it is Indispensable to Hie pettier for fencing antl building roa-3 terlal. _ I .raoVc the motion, Mr. Chair-' ?man,Mhd taste linat ?our delegates make every effort. to interest- the Executive In this matter. I thank you.' ' Mr. Coleman seconded the motion,: which was carried. . Mr. Robinson, lor Marlee Branch, moved: 'That all Suitable Lands ou the Bulga be surveyed, and set apart for Closer Settlement to enable soils ot \ tanners to procure holdings instead of migrating to the over populated cities?' Mr. Alley said the blooks were al ready surveyed. ?The motion was carried. Mr. Parker, for Wallamba Branch, moved: 'That the Federal Government be requested to continue the Fertiliser Subsidy to Farmers on the same basis ae laBt year.' Mr. Pail seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Young, for Comboyne Branch, moved: * ? ] 'That the Government be asked if experiments have been mads in eradi-- eating Bracken Fern, and if so, the results. If no experiments have been j made, they be requested to make i them, the same as has been doue^ w'th Prickly Pear.' Mr. Smith seconded the motion, and it was carried. | Mr. McLaughlin, for Upper Lans downe Branch, moved: 'That this Conference regards re cent N.Z. Legislation as being of such outstanding importance that we should he equ!pped at an early, date. with the best available knowledge . of its effect on the farming communities, anil to thai cud a deptuat ou from the P.P. rrnfon should be despatched to investigate the report thereon.' He said that the N.Z. Government was a farmers' Government. The Govern ment had to make its peace with the j farmers, or it would not get back into ! office. He was pleased to see the action : of Sir Frederick Stewart, who was sur ? rounding himself with politicians who were attending classes in economics at the University. He favored the idea of a delegation being sent to New Zealand. Mr. Bennett seconded the motion, strongly favoring a delegation. Mr. Jeffery said he thought it was too early to send a delegation to New Zealand. All that was wanted was to keep in toucli with New Zealand. Mr. Dunlop said he had spent four days with a party of 38 New Zealanders. The latter did not know any more than they did at present. The Execu tive was keeping in touch with New Zealand matters. The motion was lost. ' Mr. Cameron, for Wingham Branch, moved: 'That the Swing Diseases Act be amended to only include those ds eases that can be eradicated — viz, Swine Fever, Tuberculosis and An tlr-ax.' Mr. Cameron said the surplus was diminishing on the reduced contribu tion of 9d. If it was going to eradicate all disease it was a good thing to have. There were eleven diseases they paid for. The Stock Inspector for Glou cester told him there were only three of those diseases which could be eradi cated. If they had to pay for only those diseases they could eradicate, they couid carry on with a lesser con tribution. Mr. Keech seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Robinson, for Marlee Branch, moved: 'That the Local Government Act be amended to allow ratepayers who are unable to pay their rates, to put specified mateiial on the side ol Council's Roads.' Mr. Cameron (Marlee) 'seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Schmidt, for Nulla Creek Branch, moved: 'That the P.P. Union strongly sup port the Newnes Development Ad vancement League in its efforts . to develop* what, is known as the Newnes Shale Deposit in Ihe Extrac tion of Oil and Petrol — also to en courage the extraction ot same from ccal as under thp Fischer process.' Mr. Parker seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. McLaughlin, for Upper Lans downe Branch, moved: 'That in consideration of certain tendencies iu the Fertiliser (Super phosphate) Trade, we should request Head Office to endeavor to develop a Tilan by joint action by the Farmers Co-op. Societies.' — Carried. , Mr. Coleman, for Bulga Branch, moved: 'That Alsatiau Dogs be completely li-«iin^ in tb« f='-te if NSW.' Mr. A^ley seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Blythe, for Upper Pappinbarra Branch, moved: 'Thpt an Officer be appointed for the examination of all dairy herds in each district, for testing cows and analysing milk, with a view of obtain ing a better quality product.' Mr. Alley seconded the motion. Mr. Clune explained ani outfit by which it could be determined when a cow was giving- bad milk. The outfit cost about 30s. The motion was carried. Mr. Trotter, for Bellangry Branch, moved : 'That we ask the Department of Agriculture to consider, when making further additions to the field staff of the Dairy Branch, the appointing ot veterinary surgeons, until such staff is approxunately hall veterinary sur geons . '—Carried . Mr. Trotter, for Bellangry Branch; moved: 'That we ask tiie Department of Agriculture to institute crop and pas ture trials, with the object of improving soil fertility rather than forcing crops without regard to soil depletion.' Mr. Blythe seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. Trotter, for Bellangry Branch,' moved: 'That the Editor of 'The Primary Producer' be asked to urge advertisers to quote prices of products where pos sible.' Mr. Alley seconded the motion, which was carried. ' Mr. J. Bain, for Central Hastings Branch, moved^ 'That the Department of Agricul ture be asked to have the present plan and specifications of dairy and Mils modified, as at the present' time a lot of dairymen are unable to finance a, building up to that standard.' . : Mr; H. Bain seconded the taotfev which was -carriea. ? Mr. Graham, lor -Central Hastings Branch, moved: I 'That the Railway Commissioners hi ' asked to run weok-eud excursion trains to Kempsey or Tareeior three months i -during tbe summer.'! . . . . -I Mr. Suters .seconded, the motion, -which Was supported by Mr. Alley, and carried. Mr. Suters, for Central Hastings Branch, moved: 'That in the opinion of this District Council, Dairy Factory Managers and Secretaries should discuss matters only in which they are Interested, and that matters of the P.P. Union should go through the proper channels. .to the Central Executive.' , He said that,_per sonaily, he took exception to things referred to at the last conference of the Factory Managers and Secretaries' Association. One of these was that of starting refreshment rooms in Brit ain to advertise Australian butter. He understood it came up at a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Low;:r Manning Factory. That was a P.P.U. matter. He presumed the P. P. U. would have ,to finance it. It was decided, he understood, to circularise . all . Factory Managers and Secretaries in the State. Mr. Clune attended every meeting, and the matter should have gone through the PP.U. Another matter was that of research. Mr. J. Barn seconded the motion. Mr. Clune said that with all due respect to the P.P.U., the Association was one of the largest in the State. and W£(S very represents u-re cf the whole of the. State. The conferenoe was now being made a means of show ing machinery. As far as the Lower Manning factory was concerned, it was asked by people outside the Board to send the matter to the Factory Man agers and Secretaries' Association. It had there been decided to send the matter on to the Australian Dairy Council. They were not getting all the results from advertising on the other side that they wished. In re freshment rooms New Zealand butter was given with a cup of tea. The way to make Australian butter known was to have it in ^refreshment rooms. Aus tralian butter lost its identity in Eng land. The motion was put in to assist Mr. Hyland, Publicity Officer in Brit ain. It was no disrespect to the P.P.U. that the matter was not brought up Liuuugu Hi. j-iic iuuac tJcuf^c w.iu ; took up a matter the better. ? Mr. Bennett said he favored the way the matter went. Mr. M. P. Trotter said he did not1, think that Mr. Clune went away from-j his job at all. ' Mr. McLaughlin said if the mattrrj could assist Mr. Hyland, all the better, i Buyers did not decide the price. Tt J all depended on the price of margarine I overseas. | Mr. Alley said he did not care where J the boost came from. They should return thanks. Mr. Robinson agreed with Mr. Alley. Mr. Clune said the Factory Direc tors had asked for permission to put the motion on, so that it could be dis cussed by Directors present. There were about; 60 or 70 Directors. He , knew there were five from his Factory . j Mr. F. Redman said they should ; encourage such efforts, no matter' where they came from. Mr. Suters, in the course of a vig orous reply, said that the last Man agers and Secretaries' Conference be came a second Executive! The motion was lost. Mr. Geo. Smith, for Comboyne Branch, moved: 'That this Council urges the com pletion of the Ellenborough Road.' — Carried . Several motions were held over ow ing to the lateness of the hour. NEXT MEETING. It was decided to hold the next meet ing at Wauchope. 