Heroes of the "Radio Shack" 'shrilling Ocean ZDramas fsold 9n S.O.S. By "TOUCHSTONE" The sea has a way of imposing its tradition upon those who follow it as a calling. Although it is less than 40 years since wireless was first installed on ocean-going vessels, wireless operators have already won a niche in history for their heroism in sticking to their ships until the last moment. In S.O.S., ... ( London : Methuen Or Co. Price, 16/-), Mr Karl Baarslag carries us with him through a series of thrilling ocean dramas, in which radio has pHyed the leading part. Through shipwreck by storm, fire and collision, "Sparks" is seen playing his part until that last dramatic moment when the ship sinks beneath him. THREE dots and throe dashes — every half-hour while a ship is at sea the wireless receiver must be tuned to 600 metres, at 15 to 18 and 45 to 48 minutes past each hour. During these three minutes the whole shipping world, from great liner and battleship to the humblest tramp becomes a silent listening post on the SOS band. Woe betide the luckless operator who "opens up" during a "silent period." He is immediately assailed by u chorus of "A S 3 mins' (wait three minutes), Q H T S P (stop sending— silent period). Anyone who has heard the noise of a great city fade into the strange quietness of the Armistice silence can easily imagine the calm that pervades the air during these constantly recurring dramatic moments. At normal times the 600 metre band is a continuous roar, a medley of con flicting sounds nugmcntcd by static and "fading." Yet every half-hour every message is held up and the great brotherhood of the sea concen trates upon listening for the call that tells that one of its members is facing death and disaster. In a world confused by national animosities and conflicting political creeds, such a recognition of man's common humanity has more than ordinary significance. Until the beginning of this century once a ship disappeared over the hori zon it was lost to the world until it reached its first port of call, or was sighted from another vessel. Ships foundered in storms or wore burned 10 uie water 5 cage wunoui a wnisper of- their fate reaching the outer world. The hardships endured on such small boat voyages fill many stirring and harrowing pages in the annals of the sea. It was only the coming of wire less that "wrested from the sea its ancient terror of silence and gave speech to ships that had been mute since the dawn of navigation. k CUCH popular interpretations of the : distress signal SOS (printed without full stops) as "Save Our Souls." "Save Our Ship." and "Send Out Succor." have no foundation in fact It was officially adopted by in ternational ratification in 1908 simply because its three dots, three dashes, three dots, could not be mistaken for anything else. When it is used it is .sent as one unbroken signal and it takes priority over all others. Previous to that the distress signal was C Q D (popularly translated as "Come Quickly Danger") an amplifica tion of the British Post Office Tandlinc telegraph where the general call— C Q —was used to attract the attention of all operators along a wire. As most of the first wireless operators on ships came from the Post Office, the call naturally became general at sea. Mr Baarslag, himself an experienced operator, gives us a vivid account of those early years of wireless nt sea. Strangely enough, the first craft to use the wireless to appeal for help was the Goodwin Sands lightship — :i vessel that should have acted as a beacon for others— when she was rammed by a steamer in March. 1899. Tugs were sent out and the lightship was towed to safety. The first vessel in regular commer cial service to be equipped with radio apparatus was the German S.S. Kaiser Wilhclm der Grosse. That was in 1900. Since then, the installation of wireless has been made compulsory in almost all ocean-going ships. America is the oniy nauon uuu uemnu m inc- use of tliis supreme invention for Ihc safety of life at sea. An American Statute of 1912 requires two operators and a continuous watch only in ships carrying 50 or- more persons. The limitation is irrespective of tonnage so that if a ship carries only 49 souls, it escapes the "burden" of a. wireless operator. . .. As the author points out: "The prac tical result has been that ships of many nations have carried the burden of. greater radio protection, while Ameri can shipping has saved some expense through the inadequacy of American radio laws. When the Vestris sank with a heavy loss of life, an American ship, the. Montoso, of 3QQQ gross tons, passed 'within a few miles of the sink ing liner, while the distress calls were hurtling1 through the air and heard nothing. When she arrived at Boston from Puerto Rico, it was all news to her surprised crew. She had no radio operator, as she was exempt under American law. Had she been British, German, Danish, Italian, or Greek, she would have been radio-equipped, and it is quite within the realm of possi- bility that most of the lives lost in that disaster might have been saved." ? 'pHE fear of being off his post when the S O S sounds forth is the night mare of every lone radio operator. When the Titanic struck an iceberg and sank in the icy waters of the Atlantic with a loss of over 1500 fives- men. women and children— there was another ship, the Californian, less than 20 miles away. Fifteen minutes before the Titanic called for help the Cali- forninn's single radio operator went off duty. Had he remained at his watch everyone on board the liner might have been saved. Yet he was not to blame. The previous day he had been on duty continuously for 1G hours. In fact, he had been in communication with the ill-fated ship only a few hours earlier, warning its captain of the presence of ice. Air Baarslag makes the sinking of the Titanic a framo for the heroism of John Phillips, the chief wireless telegraphist, who died at his post when the liner foundered. But not all the heroism displayed by passengers and crew can wipe out the tragic "ifs" that surrounded the disaster. As the author remarks, "In no Greek tragedy can one find such an inexor able and fatal chain of calamitous cir cumstances." If the Californian had carried another radio operator. If the Titanic had hit the berg head-on instead of turning slightly so that it ripped a 300-foot long gash in her side below the wotcrlinc. And, most in credibly tragic "if" of all, if there had been enough boats and rafts for those she carried. Certified to earn 3547 persons, she had boats for only 1178. ? QNE of the early heroes of wireless was a young Englishman, Jock Binns, of the White Star liner Repub lic, 15,000 tons, which was rammed by the Italian freighter Florida one dark, foggy morning in January, 1909, soon after leaving New York. With his wire less room almost wrecked by the force of the impact, his power cut off, and telephone connection with the bridge destroyed, Binns decided to act on his own responsibility. Switching over to his reserve bat teries he sent out his famous C Q D —the then distress signal His call was picked up first by the s-s. Baltic, which began to rush to the aid of the sinking .ship. While waiting for the Baltic to come up with him, a task made doubly difficult by the thick fog, Captain iimmiiimiimmiminiiliimitmmimiimiimiMiiuiiiiiiimiMitiiiitmiitliiMI Scalby of the Republic transferred his passengers to the lesser damaged Florida. The task, despite darkness and rain, was accomplish zd without the loss of a single life. Captain Scalby and his" crew stayed on the settling liner with Binns. numb with cold, sending out ever weakening signals to Indicate their position, He stayed there for 38 hours until the water was seeping into his cabin and the order came to abandon ship. k A MORE terrifying experience be- ' fell Radio Operator Evans of the British tramp stenmer Antinoe, which was so battered by a gole in the At lantic in January. 1926, that in a few hours she was little more than a water-logged hulk over which the sens broke furiously. Evans's SOS was picked up by the American s.s. President Roosevelt which, aided by its radio direction finder, bore down unerringly on the Antinoe. Terrific seas made It im possible for Captain Fried of the Roosevelt to put a boat over the side. All he could do was to stand by, pumping oil on the water to break the force of the waves. That night Evans's wireless shack was dismantled by the seas and there, fronl the wire less point of view, the story ends. But it is, as Mr Bnarslng fully realises, a too exciting and dramatic story to end so abruptly. For four days and nights the Antinoe fought the storm with the Roosevelt unable to help. Two of the lattcr's crew lost their lives trying to pass a line to the stricken tramp, and Captain Fried won the ad miration of every seaman by his mas terly handling of his ship as he tried every means in his power to take off the crew of the Antinoe. At the end of the fifth day wind and sea had abated a little, and the tramp's crew were safely transferred to the Roosevelt. In his report to his owners Captain Fried gave his 'Total deten tion time— 3 days. 22 hours and 22 min utes." He omitted to mention that he had been on the bridge for 84 hours. SELDOM has the incalculable value of wireless shown to greater advan tage than in the case of the S.S. Vol- turno, which caught fire during a gale in mid-Atlantic in October, 1913. In addition to her crew of 93 the little Volturno— she was only 3600 tons— was crowded with 564 immigrants from eastern Europe. Thc S O S was sent out by Captain Ince immediately the fire was discov ered, and was picked up by the Cunar- dcr Carmanla only 78 miles awoy. Before the Carmanla reached him, Captain Ince tried to launch his boats, but the roughness of the sea and a panic among his passengers resulted in the loss of 120 lives. When Captain Barr, of the Carmanla. ranged along side. the immigrant ship was a mass of smoke and flame. Despite the rough ness of the sea he lowered his boats, but the lashing gale made it impossible for them to approach the burning ship. By this time 11 vessels had come up with the Volturno, buj it was dawn before the sea abated sufficiently to al low the terror-stricken immigrants to pile into the rescuing boats. Captain Ince was the lost to leave, and with him was "one of the unsung heroes of the disaster, a cook who stayed at his post making coffee and baking until the heat of the flames burned the shoes off his feet." There was also a small dog who shared the honors of "last to leave." Captain Incc's promptness in sending out hLs S O S undoubtedly saved hun dreds of lives. If Captain Carey, of the Vestris, has been as ready to do so when the cargo of his vessel shifted in an Atlantic gale off the American coast in November, 1928. causing her 1 6 founder, the death roll would have been much smaller. . The time is past, however, when operators send out SOS signals on their own responsibility — as Jack Binns did. So O'Lougnlin and Mac- Donald, the operators on the doomed Vestris, had to sit listening to the gos sip of the air while their ship sank beneath them, carrying the first- named to his death. Something of the same sort happened when the Mcrrro Castle caught fire. All the operators could do was to sit in their smoke- filled cabin until the floor became so hot that they had to put their feet on the rungs of their chairs. In both cases when the order at last reached them it was too late. "Unadorned by romance or fancy," Mr Baarslag says of these sagas. He takes his stand on the statements of the operators concerned and the bald records of their logs, knowing well that the last words of a dying ship need no literary embellishments. "Go ing to abandon ship in- a few minutes, getting life-boats ready now/' whis pered the Vestris. Then: "So long, Tuckcrton. S.K." (S.K. means "All transmission completed; am closing down.") The Vestris was finished. So was her gallant operator. The book contains a number of illus trations. / liiillliiritmi(irimiiiiiiiniiiiiiimiitiiiiiiiiiiiiii(iiniiirti(iti«iiinifniimtii!iiiinm« Lone operator Jack Binns shortly after his rescue from tho Republic. British tramp steamer, Antinoe, which fought death for fivo days and nights before sinking in mid-Atlantic, January, 1926. Tho Titanic leaving Belfast on her ill-fated maiden voyage, April, 1912. 