LACK AND McBAlN TAKE A PRE-VIEW OF THE SHOW Seven League Boots Are Needed This Year . BEAUTY PARLOURS FOR PIGS AND COWS By Clem Lack The sun was smiling a warm welcome and the roosters in the poultry pavilion were crowing a fanfare when we went to Bowen Park yesterday for a back stage glimpse of this year's biaaer. better, and briahter Show. ? Last year, there were 40 acres of it; this year there are nearly fifty, and it's still growing. It is about time the Show began to practise girth control. At the rate it is spreading, it won't be long before it's half-way across the Victoria Park golf links, and they'll have to use the clubhouse as a mani curing parlour for the Clydesdales. If ALT Disney's Silly Symphony, '' featuring the Three Little Pigs, the Little Red Hen, and Pluto, Mickey Mouse's faithful' hound, has nothing on Walt Wat son's annual pageant, which makes Chu Chin Chow seem like a small town jazz party. Oscar Asche never had to put on a show like this, with a cast that includes hundreds of actors, animal and liuman, all playing their parts in a 3pectacular national production by Queensland Unlimited, presented Tor a strictly limited season. ?Its orchestra is the lowing of cows, the bellowing of calves, the bleating of sheep, the squealing of porkers, and the hundred and one other noises inseparable from a magic world of sight and sound created in less than six days. 'Out o' the way, there!' exclaimed the marshal of the parade, wielding a pitchfork like a conductor's baton. The Tamworths were coming! And avery one stepped humbly to the right and left and gave the imposing pro cession a wide berth. ? * * RELUCTANTLY we tore ourselves away from the pigs and had a look at the cattle. The aristocracy of the dairy breeds lounged luxuriously on their divans of straw, and sunlight flooded through fue rafters of their bedchambers, spilling in pools of gold on skins that had the sheen of velvet. Obsequitous chamberlains and equer ries in dungarees and moleskins trotted to and fro with mops and buckets and brushes, and the beauty 'salons' were working overtime. A handsome Black Poll was under going a shampoo with olive oil for dandruff, and Jerseys and Illawarras were being massaged, toileted, and valeted with assiduous attention. The pampered scions of feudal France, the perfumed minions of the age of pow der and patches could not boast such devoted care from their servitors. Right up to judging day the stud master prepares his entry for the ring with all the solicitude and pride of a fond mother preparing her daughter's debut at a ball. Some of these cows are heavy milk producers. One cow on the ground has such a wonderful udder that she has to be acked up at milking time, and even then the operator has to lie down if he wants to make a thorough job of It. She Is tucked into bed with a rug every night, and her nose is wiped every 'time she dribbles. * ? * ?pHESE country people are well off for stud stock. The only stud we possess is the kind that pins our col lar to our shirt, and no man owns more than one stud at a time— not even William Morris Hughes! The studs are growing nearly every day, . too. There has been a consider able Increase In the birth rate in the stock sections in the past week. The stork has been busy in the Illawarra section, where a threeday old calf, filled with the joy and ad venture of living, was cavorting about on unsteady, gangling legs at the end of a long rope, in anticipation of din ner time. Talking of dinner, It takes a long purse to feed these animals, which have enormous appetites. Mulbern En grosser, a five-year-old Aberdeen Angus bull immigrant, is off his meals, and needs a tonic if he doesn't eat less than seven pumpkins, six pounds of barley, two pounds of fattening inlx ture, and lib. of bran, washed down with a mere gargle of ten gallons of water. He weighs almost a ton, and is a moving castle of animated beef steak. * * * , rpHE Clydesdales were also being titi vated for the beauty parade before the judge. This morning they will appear with manes plaited into an elegant coiffure, and tails bobbed, shingled, and bingled, till they look like mannequins. With arching necks, their polished hooves stepping in stately dig nity befitting aristocrats whose grand mother and grandfather never had to pull a dray, they will make thier debut before the public— equine counterparts of the perfumed and ringleted maca ronis and dandies who sauntered ar rogantly with snuff box and gold mounted canes through the world of fashion in the days of Whig and Tory. To-day the curtain will rise on, the grand premiere of this mammoth pro duction, which has all the glamour of Barnum and Bailey's circus, and the anima- diversity or Noah's Ark. The raucous shouts of the side-show sprulker advertising the marvels of the Performing Pleas, the Head Hunt ing Giantess, and, a host of other at tractions, will mingle and merge with the bellow of bulls and the blare of baud music. Come then, ring up the curtain, and on with the Show! And was there ever such a oeauty chorus! Bovine princes and princesses of the blood royal, with names a yard long registered in the Almanach de Gbthas and Debretts of the herd book societies I ? Clydesdales with . manes plaited into ringlets and tied with rib bon, in all the glory of their sleek satin coats, mettlesome trotters and hacks lifting their manicured hooves lincingly on the springy turf, and a eal live pony ballet curvetting and aracoling with skins of rippling silk i * * * T was like peeping behind the cur ' tain of a big theatre, before the rchestra crashes out the opening bars, lundreds of property men and scene hifters scurried to and fro, fitting to other the thousand and one pieces if the gigantic jig-saw puzzle that fhen completed, make a Gargantuan olourful tableau of national wealth iiid productivity. 'Much in little' is the motto of the District Display, where you can find iverything from a mangel-wurzel to a nezzotint. A perspiring little man was uggling with a pumpkin of Brobdingna ;ian proportions, which would have illed a small dray, and was destined o occupy an honoured place in the jxhibit. Everywhere, the noise of lammers and saws created a babel of ndustry, and every one looked hot md thirsty. ? * ? ^ NICE new palace has been built for the pigs. Some of the most ixclusive and aristocratic families of Berkshire are with us this year. They oiled opulently in their boudoirs, pal Ditating masses of pork surrounded by idmiring throngs of visitors. A man vith a pitchfork in one hand, a Ducket in the other, who seemed to ike pigs, said they were really -beauti- ful this year. He insisted in shaking lands with us and his hand was wet md sticky. We were introduced to . Woodbum Prince David, a Large White boar who Is nearly as big as a Shetland pony. He sat on his hams and gave us the snee-over before turning his stern on us with a disdainful grunt. We gazed In an ecstacy of admiration at this walking bacon factory. He belongs to the breed that Mr. Bulcock be lieves will put the pork export indus try on the pig's back, and bring home the bacon on the English market. As a politician once said with un conscious humour, the pig Industry bristles with difficulties on the face of it. One of these is that New Zea land singes its pigs, whereas we scald 'em. There is a subtle distinction be tween singed and scalded pig that only Englishmen can appreciate. The only objection some farmers have to White pigs is that their, hair Is very thin on top; they get bald quickly, and are sensitive to sunburn. rhls, of course, could be obviated by laving some one to keep a sunshade jver them when they take a promen ide. ? .* ? 'THESE pigs live in the lap of luxury; they toil not, neither do they spin. Strict attention is paid to their diet, which is full of calories and vitamins md what not. The day seems to be coming when farmers will have to build tiled sties, and instal hot and cold water baths and jets of lavender and rose water to sweeten the pigs to fit in with the most advanced ideas on modern pig culture. But the Danish people ct out of the trough of depression by putting the best food in the trough for the pigs instead of giving them the leav ings, and housing them In a nice clean parlour with fly-proof curtains. Rose La Queeule would win a prize In any beauty show for Dies. She is a iserKsmre sow, with a lineage stretching half way back to the Norman Conquest, and a snout which portrays in indub itable fashion cul ture and breed ing. Rose is rather given to embon point. She is on a slimming diet, . and does a few weight - reducing exercises dally. She is just plck inc at her food, a dainty repast of three gallons of cracked corn and pumpkins boiled in milk sufficing her modest needs. * ? ? A PLACARD on the wall announced that the pig was the cleanest of animals. McHaggis tactlessly remarked that they smelt a bit, and, if not actu ally bad, seemed to be definitely on the turn. Since then the boss of the place has refused to recognise us. Bijj strong men were busy at work soaping, lathering, and scrubbing the pigs, manicuring their toenails, and washing them behind their ears. Ruf forth Gold'Getter IV was one little pig that went to market when his valet gave him a shower bath, and on lookers scattered hurriedly in all direc ,lons when he lumbered along the passage way back to his bedroom snort ing his disgust at high falutin' ideas of modern pig hygiene. In his wake- came Mrs. Tamworth and all the little Tamworths. Her progeny of five little piglets were- as cute in their way as the more cele brated Dionne quintuplets. Each had a little curly tali; and their sandy hair shone as If it had been dipped in gold dust. 