The Proohets of Gloom PERENNIALLY THEY FLOURISH. In the following article our brilliantly, ever-green con tributor, the Hon. J. A. Fihelly, strikes a sort of negatively cheer fill note. He is at his best when tilting at the dismal Jeremiahs and Cassandras and pessimistic prophets of pend- ing perdition. By J. A. FIHELLY. (Concluded.) . The Iron Duke Melts in Grief. In 1851, a year before his death, and when In was over eighty years, the Duke of Well ington himself, for whom the German, Bhicher, had probably a big share in win ning Waterloo, thanked God be would be spared from seeing the consummation of mm that is gathering about us." Men and women who survive fifty years cannot as a role help developing that morbid frame of mind, for that is how their sad distempers would be scientifically described. (I put in the words "as a rule," because I am slightly over fifty myself.) A series of annoyances h-» st thirty they would regard a# petty ore a decade or two later magnified into things mountainous and awe-inspiring, while a nation's average and perhaps expected perplexities become tragedies. From the time Wellington (then Wellesley, and a mere knight) entered Spain in 1808, until he in vaded France by way of the Pyrenees to wards the end of 1913 (just about a week before Napoleon was to have been over whelmed at Leipsic), he had won some as tounding victories, and if be had yet to witness an accumulation of ruin gathering round anything, as he averred forty years afterwards, be most have been poem. seed of great mental restraint and detachment. For five consecutive yean he had been actually living amidst a sort of "continuous picture of rain and horror." He ate and worked and slept among human and material ruin, and almost breathed it and its associated misery. For reference purposes, I have only had available a few of the considered summaries of our own British Leaders or Statesmen. And I haven't gone back further than about 1800\. It is inconceivable though that the Leaders of the continental nations remained mute while our own British pundits were so tellingly eloquent. They all must have said something or added to the lamentations, but I haven't the records. Cardinals Richelieu and Mazarin, in France, and Cardinal Al- becoai, in Spain, mighty intellects all. who had almost complete charge of their coun tries for many years — adopted countries in the case of the two latter Cardinals, as like the majority of our Pontiffs, they were Italians by birth — must have had similar violent attacks of melancholia or mental neurasthenia in regard to the future. The Baltic, Balkans and Brian Boru. Then there were the many, mostly war ring. Germanic Principalities, and Poland, «wi Russia and both the Baltic and Balkan States, which reminds me that Freedom, ac cording to one of our bards, had time to weep or shriek when Kosciusko (a Pole) felL It would have shrieked a long time be fore that only that King John Sobieski. an other Pole, drove the Saracens back from the walls of Vienna before 1700. Perhaps it was just as well for the peace of mind of the Anglo-Saxon-Celtic race that printing press was not invented until the middle of the fifteenth century, and not set up by Caxton, at Westminster, until 1475. More fortunate, perhaps, was the fact that the steam printing press was not contrived until 1814, when a German named Konig in vented one for the use »f John Walter, pro prietor of the "Times" London newspaper. Leaving Brian Boru with his Clontarf, and Wallace md Bruce, the latter with his Ban- nockburn, and these other Irish and Scotch people and happenings aside for the moment, r sufficiency of gloom could be gathered from the time in 1013, when the Danish Canute, on behalf of his father, Sweyn of Denmark, succeeded in dethroning the Eng- lish King, Ethelred the Unready, to William the Conqueror's victory over Harold at Hast ings, to the Wars of the Roses, the deposi- tion of the Stuarts, and the establishment of the Hanoverians (now officially known as the Windsors) to fill a tome the size of the Encyclopaedia Britannica. Commercial Potentates and Politicians: Populating or Perishing. But our Chamber of Commerce Chairmen, cur Bank Directors and their Managers, our Commercial Potentates in general, and our several Premiers and the manifold rank ana file of our Politicians should realise that we have had enough of Gloom. The Common wealth of Australia is only slightly smaller in area than the continent of Europe, and approximately the same size as the United States of America. Although our potentiali ties are well-nigh incalculable, we have neither 'he snow-capped mountains, the navigable rivers, nor the irrigating fresh water streams of either. And, without any population to speak of, we have not, unlike the U.S.A. and Canada any comparatively adjacent populations from which we could recruit at any time when needed. Mr. W. M. Hughes sent out a clarion call the other day warning all and sundry that the issue for us was whether we populate or perish. I can always make ample allowances for Mr. Hughes's alliterative lugubriousness. even on the soiled or sacred Sanctions stunt, but I personally don't think the position is quite as serious as that, as very few of us are reconciled to the idea of perishing yet a while. Had Mr. Hughes forthrightly urged that our Commonwealth and other States' absurd syetem of Government, by two sep arate elective Parliamentary bodies perish. he would have found a lot on his side. The Australian temperament may be easy- going isn't over-enamoured of anticipating Provid ence by individually or collectively perish ing before our appointed time, especially if not sr difficult a task as populating our empty spares is a sure and safe alternative. No doubt what Mr. Hughes meant to convey was that if we did not populate and develop our country or _ our heritage, we would, . sooner or later, assuredly become submerg- . cd, aa no sensible human being could logic- m ally argue, much less continue to insist, that an isolated "White Island Continent" Reser vation could be set up inviolate in mid- Pacific staring the vast overcrowded and aot unenterprising peoples of China and Japan and of the rest of the world in the face. Morally, such a proposition would be unten able even if physically, i-«-, if we bad the armaments, etc., which we have not, we were able to see it through. Sane Thinking and a Rational Policy. Australia has borrowed in the past not merely lavishly but stupendously. Admit tedly a new, undeveloped country could hardly have sprung into being and lived, much less progressed, without an extensive borrowing policy, that would enable us to purchase machinery, implements, and other essential pioneering goods that we neither produced nor manufactured. But borrowing has almost flourished Into being our prin cipal staple industry — I speak feelingly as an ex-State Treasurer — and from our moat secluded Local Authority to our huge State and Commonwealth Governments, the certain , cure for every disease in the past has been to "Float Another Loan." The separate pro vinces of the United States of America did not accumulate such debts as ours placidly contracted. Our overseas creditors must be paid their debts, or rather, regularly paid the annual interest accruing upon them. So far we have been able to do so much with out manifest discomfort as our surplusages of wool, hotter, wheat, meat and metals have been ample for all requirements or commit ments. Metals are now perhaps a neglig ible quantity, and very shortly wheat and. meat also will be listed in that category- In any event, it would seem imperative that we will have to devise some sort of a sound, migratory scheme — I would say scientific in stead of sound, only that I am afraid of the word-— that will ensure a steady inflow of new-comers. That is where a public man of Mr. Hughes's attainment# and experience- could have helped us considerably by sub mitting a detailed scheme as to how we were to proceed about the business of popu lating. These idle generalities or vague rhe torical outbursts on such tremendous topics are useless unless backed up with plans and specifications, as the bailder would say. We- can contrive ways and means whereby oor- ( Continued on Opposite Pag- Hon. J. A. Fihelly. 1Mb the Petrous, of hie Onhe the hrchhiahop of Brtohono The OoDece ie ou of the Flo tel af noet oj to Sole Hiollo, Schools aa uae uomauny— 1m. ' THE PROPHETS OF GLOOM. (Continued from opposite page.) standard of living, including wages, of course, need not be threatened, or, in fact, interfered with at all. But we haven't set oar minds or our best brains to the task as yet, and we should get busy on the problem. Immigration does not necessarily imply that unsuitable new-comers will be dumped hap hazardly upon districts or into occupations vhich are uncongenial, or in the case of eae latter, to which they are neither tem peramentally nor physically nor by training -fitted to properly adjust themselves. There is no reason why a well- ordered system or scheme of Immigration should stampede the trades union officials, who can hardly be blamed for so tenaciously clinging to the -shibboleths of fifty years ago, when Arbi tration Courts were non-existent. Nor need there be any l-ar that a regular or regular ised influx of labour, skilled and unskilled, -would disrupt, disorganise, much less de moralise, the crafts or callings or industries amnng which the newcomers would find | themselves or to which they would be allot ted or among which they would be distri buted. ' Migration Essential, and Not Necessarily Dangerous. Any patch- as-catch-can or Fill-up-the- empty-spaces-at-any-priee policy would not merely be doomed to irretrievable failure, but it would press most unfairly upon the new arrivals and the resident sections both, and, worst of all, upon their families in par ticular. This tragical policy has been fol lowed in the past in the United States and in and in our Australian Boom Era jt was usually the last resource for every Ministry without any actual Policy or a ah red of constructivity about the premises. Loin money is cheap! Borrow as much as -we -,T| and let us import immigrants!" Why, Afprf.hiTig to argue about! That slogan was popular, "> it could offend no one excepting -the Unions, who at the time were politically inarticulate. We realise nowadays, however, the wdal economic chaos inflicted tipoo t" community by this casual sort of procedure was neither justified nor warrant ed. Human ingenuity is far from bankrupt, and although Europe, whence we will seek the newcomers, is many weeks away by steam, and the migrant is a sad, almost tragic person when he arrives anywhere after a sea-voyage of several weeks — Home sickness among adults, is the most dreadful oi all non-contagious diseases — we must de vise means of attracting people to . our shores, and then of absorbing them without excessive economic or social strain or undue industrial dislocation. It is on this last- mentioned phase that our aforementioned Politicians, Chamber of Commerce Chair men, Bankers, Divines and Newspaper Pro prietors could exhaust themselves before re commencing their varied funeral campaigns of Gloom. They could concentrate on how best to populate the Commonwealth. — Birth Control or dialectical or theological dicta, upon it have little bearing upon the problem outside the moral aspects, as if every mar ried couple had or decided to have, a family of ten, our unfilled continent would still re main empty. Brutally put, maybe, but true. Then, having decided upon how and by what well-ordered methods our land shall be popu lated, our "Best Brains" could apply them selves to determining how that population is going to be moulded into a self- contained community by producing, or growing and manufacturing, everything essential to its own existence. Since writing the foregoing, I have had a glimpse at a sob-leader under "The March cf Events," in the last Brisbane "Sunday Mail," headed, "It Dare Not Yield," and dealing with the present Japanese commer cial impasse. It pertinently covers an angle of my many- faceted argument, and I dent think I could do better than conclude by lifting one of its paragraphs, which, to my mind, is terrifically applicable. It reads as follows: — "We know that markets mean life or death to Japan But we too, have the right to survive. We shall not survive as an inde pendent white nation unless we strengthen with Britain the bonds of defence ahd trade." Every rational citizen will agree with that excellent summary, and all I would make hold to add is that "bonds of defence and trade with Britain" can only be adequately and permanently strengthened by populat ing our territory, preferably from the old United Kingdom, but, at all events, from Europe. Given this population, we shall have the defence and the trade both, and, although I am loth to admit it, I am afraid we will still have with us some of the vocal orchestra belonging to the Choir that accom panies the Prophets of Gloom on their itin erary. 