Danish Immigration. T")EAR "Martingale,"-I notice în a re A-f cent issue that the Danish Govern- ment is making inquiries re suitable out- lets for its surplus population. This is an opportunity which the State Govern- ment should seize with both hands. It is spending £60,000 on a railway to the Big Bell mine to encourage American capital. A like amount spent on Danish immigrants would be a far better invest- ment. The Danes are born dairy farmers, and every Dane knows something of the game, like every out-back Aussie knows some- thing of sheep. Not even a Flemish peasant can get as much from the land as a Dane can. Their 10-acre, or seldom more than 20-acre, blocks are the last word in intense culture. The whole coun- try is organised for co-operative effort, and every ten miles one sees a butter fac- tory. Physically and mentally, they would make ideal immigrants, being hard-work- ing and democratic, with no leanings to either the Fascist or the Communist re- gimes, which are so distasteful to the average British or Australian mind. The Labour organisations could hardly adopt a "dog in the manger" policy and object, inasmuch as the immigrants would be only taking up what, unfor- tunately, so few of the present genera- tion of Aussies want. The most enthusiastic supporters of the scheme should-be the "groupies" them- selves. There is no-question of the new- comers ousting the pioneers, as there is plenty of land for all. The increased population would mean better transport, better social service, better opportunities for co-operative ef- fort, and, above all, the newcomers would be men whose practical experience and generations of knowledge would be of great help to their neighbours. Holland and Switzerland are also over- populated dairy fanning countries. The Dutch and the Swiss are of a type who would make excellent citizens, and have many of the good characteristics of the Danes. The only form of vice I ever came in contact with in Denmark was over- eating. They have six hearty meals per day. Most old people die of some com- plaint brought on by excess food, such as fatty degeneration of the heart or har- dening of the arteries. It is a tribute to the kindly disposition of the Danes that even the aged poor in the almshouses generally pass-out in this way also. The immigrants are not likely to suffer from this vice, for the first few years on the groups, however. The original idea of trying in a few months to make dairy farmers out of English shopkeepers and factory hands, however worthy and hard working they might be, was as silly as trying to turn a clerk into a carpenter in a like time. "The Western Mail" will be doing a good turn to its south-West readers if it gives the immigration idea its whole- hearted support. * » BUT NOT GOODBYE, Nannine. _ i 