ANSWERS 'TOMMY' (Crow's Nejt).— The - late Mr. Thomas Olasscy. w«s re«Uy the first Labour member In Queensland. He was . elected for Bundamba In June. 1888. before a Labour Party was established, but he directly repre sented the miners o£ Bundamba. Mr. T. J. Ryan, a shearer, was elected for the Bar coo tn 1892.' and he was the first to sign the Labour platform. He was in Parliament for one term only. Mr. Glassey, however, had laid the foundations of the Parliamentary Party four years before Mr. Ryan, of Barcoo. came to the House, and he became leader of the party in Parliament. , ? ? 'INTERESTED' (Toowoomba). — The word ''bridegroom' is of ancient . lineage, but its Qrigin is uncertain. Professor Weeldey says the Anglo-Saxon word was 'brydguma,'. ob viously an adaptation of the old Danish word 'goma' a man. The Oxford Dictionary says the word first came Into general use in the 16th century through Tyndale's version of the New Testament (1525): Tyndale's word was 'brldegome.' The word 'groom.' as It Is now written, was first used by Shakes peare. 'STICKYBEAK' (Qymple).— The near side of a cow is the right side. (2) To remove ink stains from dark or coloured clothing dissolve a- teaspoonful of oxalic acid in a teacup of cold water; rub the stained part with a piece of linen or flannel that has been dipped in the mixture. Should a red dish slain remain apply to It a solution of chloride of lime in the same way. Rinse thoroughly In cold water after each opera tion; , I..A.E. (Nambour).— Referred to 'Acacia,' who writes the Garden Notes in the Saturday issues of The Courier-Mail. '1NQUIREB' (Brisbane).— It would be ad visable for you to report the matter to the City Council. It is probably the neighbour who will have to provide the drain. . . 'EUREKA' (Wondall .—Frequently the chil dren provide the golden wedding breakfast as a, compliment to their parents. At all events It ought to be a co-operative function unless the parents are well off and able to bear the expense. ' 'CONSTANT READER' (Ascot).— According to the table of compensation payment! in the Workers' Compensation Act the full amount of compensation payable for the 'total loss of the right hand'' is £525. 'IGNORANT' (Toowoomba).— Unless you are wearing a full dress suit (tails; you ought not to wear a white bow tie. Wear an ordinary tie to match your lounge suit. (2| Depends upon circumstances. If the girl is earning her own living in suitable surround ings the Court would not order her return. 'BISOUSTEU' (Annerley). — You should have reported the Incident to the general manager of the tramway; department of the City Council. It is unfair to make allegations against drivers and conductors unless there is some means of checking the statements. 'SHELLS' (New Farm).— Sorry! don't think you would find any worthwhile market in Brisbane for coral. 'I'ADDV K.' (Richmond, N.Q.h— You .would be able to obtain your birth certificate by applying to' the Registrar, Claremont House, Rutland-Square, Dublin. You should forward 5/6 In English money (6/11 In' Australian money), and give the year of birth at nearly as possible, the place, father's full name, and mother's maiden name. 'INFORMATION' (Sprlngsure). — Apart from Darwin there are no towns in the Northern Territory, excepting a vlUage (about DUO persons), at Alice Springs; about 300 at Arltunga, and about the same number at the ^Catherine. The population of Darwin and neighbourhood is probably 1600, about one third the population of the whole of .North ern and Central Australia. (2) 'chief news papers of the Northern Territory north of Cairns?' Your geography seems somewhat weak. At alk events, the only newspaper in the Territory is a small one at Darwin. ANXIOUS (Brisbane). — The present price of warm milk is 7d a pint. .'CRIBBAGE' (Imbll).— In the crlbbage hand you mention 'B' was entitled to a run of four. It matters not In what order the cards were played, provided the sequence was not broken. A five, three, and four would be a run of three; another player puts down a six and gets four points for the run of four. The suit of the cards or the order of the play does not matter, but once the sequence Is broken . it must be formed, again. C.C.D. (Proserpine). — Mr. J. Parquhar, the curator.'Of the Brisbane Cricket Ground, sug gests the following directions for the laying of a concrete wicket: — Four inches of stones and two Inches of lighter metal on top- then finish off with cement, gravel, and sand on (he basis of three parts gravel, two parts sand, and one part cement. The concrete is laid from crease to crease. It would be advisable for you to consult somebody with experience In laying wickets it one Is avail able In your district. R.F. (Boohahl. — Captain Cook discovered and named Thursday Island oil Thursday, August 22, 1770. J.ll. (Beaudesert).— Th* rate of Unemploy ment relict tax for the year ended June 30, 1936, was flvepence In the £ on amounts ex ceeding £104, but not exceeding £208. If your deductions have been allowed you should pay £2/18/9 for the year. 'ARGUMENT' (North Coast);— It a Judg ment has .been obtained and a warrant of execution given to the bailiff, he U entitled to seize goods to the value of the Judgment, unless the judgment be satisfied by payment. (2) Cannot understand the Inquiry. It the person held a receipt for the amount he should have produced It In court. (3i If the debtor cannot be located the summons can be left with some person for him at his place of residence, or served in such manner as the court directs. 'AJAX' (Brisbane). — Australia played only one fast howler, T. Wall* against Jardlne's team In the fourth Test match, played at Brisbane In February. 1933. 'SKIPPER' (Blrkdale).— (I) You could probably obtain the costumes you require rrom Swelda's Buttonhole Co. of Queensland, Fancy Costumleres, 193 Adelaide- street, Bris bane. (2) If you write to Mr. R. T.Stephens, lecretary Queensland Cricket Association, 3reek-street, Brisbane, he will supply you n'lth information about whatever club you wish. 'COURIER READER' (Kallnga).-^-The reply tvas correct, but possibly ambiguous. In the lame of Five Hundred the player who holds laker and leads It has the privilege of naming .he suit that shall be played to 11, regardless jf his previous play. Only the player who ends It has that privilege. 'GEOKGIUS' (Glasshouse).— The coin, at staled in a previous reply, is a twopenny ?iece. On July 6, 1797, In response to an ap 9tal from the House of Commonl, permission vas given for the Issue of new penny and wopenny pieces. The twopenny pieces were to ft-elgh two ounces avoldupols. The intrinsic ,-alue oi the coins/ workmanship Included, was ,o correspond; as nearly as possible with the lomlnal value. The coin bears the head of George III on one side and Britannia on the )thcr. The coins were unpopular and the nlntlng was never repeated, so a good specl nen may have a small value from » collector. 'MUG' (Brisbane). — Percentage means the rate of something In every hundred parts, rhree per cent would be three partB (pounds ar whatever It Is) In a hundred. Your ex ample, as 4000 is to 5000, would mean 80 per cent. (2) You could buy a cheap arith metic book at McLeod's bookstore, in Eliza beth-street, explaining decimals and the other points about which you are In doubt. 'INTERESTED' (Coorparoo). — (1) The iteamer Dickie was wrecked on Caloundra aeach on February A, IB93. It. was owned by Srydon and Jones, of Brisbane, and was on k return voyage, carrying sand and water as jallast, from Rockhampton. The vessel was saught In a heavy storm, and its commander, captain Beattle, beached the vessel on the sand to prevent its being smashed to pieces in ths rocks. Efforts to refloat the vessel tailed. 12) An Immigrant vessel, the Queen -f the Colonies was coming Into Moreton Bay n 1863 when the wife of one of the passen gers died. The captain gave the husband eave to bury the body on Moreton Island. On .he return the boat carrying the party was iwept by a heavy sea across the bay, and m to the rocks at Caloundra Headland. Ths boat was wrecked, and the husband was drowned, but the sailors eventually reached Brisbane. They had carved the inscription on the pandanus palm. There are many more romantic versions of the story, but this Is the correct one. 