PLANS OF NEW" BULLET German Freed of Charge Deported from England in strictest secrecy-travelling under the name of Jones-a young German who had ap peared on remand at Clacton charged under the Official Secrets Act,. sailed from Harwich recently for the Hook of Holland a few hours after his ac quittal. Shortly after the Court rose, the man, Otto Karl Ludwig, was escorted in a closed car by Detective-Sergeant Gagen, of the special branch of Scotland Yard, and Colonel Cooke, of the War Offcc, on the 17-mile journey from Clacton to Harwich. Arriving at Harwich, the car pulled up on Parkeston Quay, where Ludwig originally landed, and he was hurried into an office. Foodwas sent to him, and Detective-Sergeant Gagen watched him eat. No one was allowed near. He sailed later on the L.N.E.R. steamer Prague. Woman Magistrate Before the case opened, Ludwig, who had been detained in Brixton Prison, was taken to Clacton in a prison-van. Eight magistrates, including one woman, were on the Bench. On his name being called, Ludwig walked briskly into the dock, and rested 'his hands on the rail. An inter preter was sworn in Jewish fashion, wearing his hat. Ludwig had been charged with being an alien national attempting to land in the United Kingdom at Parkston Quay, sHarwich, and found to be in pos session of documents and data calcu lated to constitute an act preparatory to the commission of an offence under the Official Secrets Act, 1911-20. For the Director of Public Prosecu tions, Mr. G. B. McClure related that Ludwig had in his possession blue prints dealing with plans of an armour piercing bullet. 'Ludwig landed at H-arwich at G o'clock on April 10 from Germany. He was asked by the immigration officer the reason for his visit to this country, and he said he was staying for a few days, and wanted to go to the German ]wbassy. "Untrue Statements" '' I-e mentioned another business mat ter of a private nature. , Ludivig was in possession of a good deal of money. He had £86 10s in English money, which the immigration official knew was an unusual amount to take out of Germany. lie also had con siderable sums of money in other cur rencies - Czechoslovakian, Danish, Dutch, French, Hungarian, Swedish, and 'Swiss-and it was decided that his landing should be looked into. "Ludwig was obviously quite anxious to conceal his real reason for visiting this country." went on air. McClue. "When he made statements they were palpably untrue. Certain things were discovered. He was allowed to land conditionally, and the War Office was communicated with. "I was going to ask you to allow me to offer no evidence in the circum stances. The matter has been consider ed by the Director of Public Prosecut ions vecry carefully, and he feels that it would not obe right to put this man on trial. "If I may, however, mention one in stance of his behaviour, a series of blue prints, obviously dealing with the specifications and plans of an armour piercing bullet, was found in his bag. 'The immigration officer knew the man had been in this country twice previously,' related iMr. IMcClue, "and these plans mnight have been given him before, taken over to Germany, and now brought back for further details or discussion. "Ludwig refused to say anything about the plans. "He said it was a private matter. and merely made gestures when asked for an explanation, . War Office Consulted "The immigration officer called in the War Office, and lLieutenant-Colonel W\\.. E. Cooke questioned Ludwig and invited 1im to give an explanation. "Ludwig replied the plans were given him by someone in Berlin whose name 1 he refused to disclose. He went on to t say - and this was another matter which was obviously untrue-that when packing his business papers he ac e cidentally took up the plans and put them in his bag. "It was not from Ludwig's informa. r tion, however, that the real proof about r these plans, which were, in fact, in his s possession perfectly properly, was dis covered. "They were plans which had already been submitted to our War Office by certain armament firms, and a friend or a business acquaintance of Ludwig on i" one of Ludwig's previous visits to Lon. 0 don, gave him the plans, and asked him 1" if he could put them before certain if authorities and persons in Berlin. '"-'he matter has bcein very carefully e considered, and it appears right to ask e you to allow me to offer no evidence, and to withdraw this charge." Mr. 'F. W. Braune, for Ludwig, said he had nothing to say except to ask for Ludwig to be discharged. . Man's Own Story I- Chanman, Mr. J. H. Sizer: I do not k; think there is any need for the inter s. preter to translate what I say, because st this gentleman may understand. Otto .e Kary Ludwig, the case against you nis withdrawn, n Ludwig was then discharged. On the Prague, just ibefore he left for s the 1-took of Holland, Ludwig declared to in an interview: "I'm no spy. t "I'm a private business man who ix 'manufactures lathe unaclrinory. The e. elans I carried refer to those machines. rd Herr Hitler has no interest in me or a- mny work. My arrest was a mistake e- that anyone could have made. i- "There is no bad feeling and I bear n- no grudge. In prison everybody was se hind to me. I .was allowed to order my w own food, lived in a private room, and le s noked when I wished. "During the war I fougIht as a pri vate, and my chief anxiety is to see my father and my wife in Berlin to-day, I love England too much to spy on her, th Besides I have relatives there." lS 