SEEING NEW ZEALAND. THROUGH AUSTRALIAN EYES. [By A. I_ E. SPEHR.] Continuing bis narrative as a member of the party of Australian producerswboreeently toured New Zealand. . Mr Spehr writes:^ On Tuesday, February 16th, we "were shown through the Hastings freezing works, and given an excellent lunjeh by the local Fju-mere' Union. After lim^Hi^rettfrh^1"^ %apier, to /go ffirougfr. Dalgefcj^s - wool^ftoreSii -pihich are in charge of Mr K. Cornish, who will be remembered fry Millicent pebple.as Dalgety's representative in Adelaide, travelling the South-East. It was interesting to note that the new flaxen wool pack is not a success. It lets the water through, and the fibres fly when cut, and the weaving, being more open, lets the dust and wet in where the old jute pack will keep both out. It was also of interest to note ,that_ some pure bred Romney clips bring 20 pence and more, so fine are they breeding Romney wool, which in my opinion is spoiling the breed in the North Island, and the carcase is suffering accordingly. Hastings, by the way, 1b the only town in New Zealand where .the streets are numbered on the block system, as in America. The population of Hastings is 17,959. In Napier there is . a very high hill, on which many residences -are built. On the summit is the local hospital, from which a fine view of the town, the sea, and the shipping quarters is obtained. This hill, called Scinde, was almost an island before the earthquake altered the contour of the land. At the sea end of-this blufE a road has been cut-, out' along the shore, and this was completely blocked by a tremendous fall of rocks and earth during the 'quake. About one-third of. a bouse was hanging over a cliff, but was'inknipulated back to solid ground again. Napier residents are very proud of this high headland. Leasing Napier-on Wednesday, February 17th, we motored through Waipawa • (smoky or steaming water), population 1.155; Waipukurau, 2,048; and Dannevirke, 4,387. The latter town was settled by immigrants from Norway and Denmark, who were given 40:acre sections in the forest. Many descendants of these immigrants are still on the land around this town with the Danish" name. We had lunch at Woodville, population 1,125, and then called at a beautifully- kept garden* where shrubs were trimmed into shapes of birds and animals, such as fowls sitting on eggsj deer, cows, horses, and many other fantastic and imaginary animals. A charge of sixpence was made. , The last town, Eketahuna- (to get aground on shoal), jLad.o3~POPuIation of 732. No License Area. We arrived 'at Masterton at 3 p.m., aajd- were -mpt by the local. Farmers' Union, ^he local show was in progress. ^and^ wg^mere-escorted through the sfcoSsk'; and trhe 'various other exhibits. I had the .pleasure of being 1 conducted through the Romney sheep $y Sir 5 'William Perry, the noted breeder of and authority on this popular New Zealand breed. Sir William is one of nature's gentlemen, and well fitted to carry his title with dignity. \- Although Masterton is a ,nolicence district, we were told that the police station and the churches were the only really dry places, and perhaps tbere is some foundation for this statement. We certainly did not go dry that afternoon. The show ground is a very picturesque one, and the jumping events were particularly good. The : accommodation at the "dry" hotel left much to be desired. Rcunnejy Auction "Fair." The next motning, Thursday, February 18th, there was a Romney ram sale (they call them fairs .in New Zealand, as'they do in England), and there we saw the sale conducted in a most- efficient manner. A covered sale ring is provided, with elevated seats all around the ring for buyers and spectators. Each single ram or pen of rams is driven into the ring, and 1J minutes is allowed to receive bids. A whistle is then blown, and one minute allowed to finalise the bidding, when a second whistle is blown, the sheep are let out. and a fresh lot let in. The sale is conducted strictly according to catalogues supplied to buyers or spectators at a cost of one shilling, and there is a continual changing of auctioneers according to the seller's choice of firms. I purchased a stud Romney ram, •which, by the way, topped the market for that breed of sheep. Over 700 Romney rams were offered at the sale, and flock rams sold up to 28 guineas each for a pen of four. This price will probably surprise South Australians, many of whom, think four guineas too dear for a flock ram. Arrival at South Island. We left Masterton after lunch, and passing through Featherston, rich land with a population of 1,049, and a very picturesque racecourse, we . started to climb the Rimutukao, where the road rises on an eafey grade— 1,500 feet in seven miles. At the summit of the Rimutukas we! halted, and made a presentation to our bus drivers, with whom we have to part. Then down the big hills on another easy grade, reaching 1 Wellington at A o'clock. We boarded the steamer Wiialiine at 8 p.m., and following a calm night's voyage, we tended at Lyttleton (South Island) at 7 o'clock, next morning, Friday, February 19th. There we Immediately - boarded * train, which conveyed us In a special carriage over the seven miles' journey to Christchurch, passing through a tunnel en route lb miles long. Original Corriedale Stud. After breakfast, Mr Reid, of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Co., motored some of us to see one of the oldest Corriedale flocks in New Zealand, kept by Mr Little, a grandson of the founder of Corriedales in New Zealand. The original Mr Little gave the name of Corriedale to this useful breed. Wlien Grandfather Little founded this breed, and decided to breed within the flock he had established, he was held up to ridicule -by "other New Zealand • ~ sheep men. bu he lived to see other fiock-masterB of the South Island adopt his ideas and buy his sheep. , On the way to Mr Little's. Glenorchy. stud, we passed through Waikari wheat lands. Harvesting is late this year, and most of the wheat is still in the stooks. Har vesters are not altogether a success in New Zealand, and wheat crops are still cut and threshed and, strange to say, the' farmer does not save the straw, but burns it as soon as possible. Wheat will not- ripen in the ear successfully, and very few harvesters are used, as the grain drys out better in the stooks. • Fencing is dear in parts of-New Zealand, and on Canterbury Plain, fencing posts cost £12 or more per hundred. Glenorchy carries all stud Corriedale sheep, and most of our party took a fancy to a Corriedale ram A16 of 36, whose wool and conformation were duly photographed successfully. The older rams and breeding ewes were inspected, and the type favorably commented on by breeders in the party. AtTrlenorchy, I noticed a good idea for keeping stock from pushing against a fence, a light stay being fastened to each post to keep a single barbed wire out about two feet from the fence. We saw the place where dog trials used to be- held in the old days, the sheep being liberated over the summit-of a hilL and the dog having to find them before giving his exhibition. After lunch at the Star and Garter hotel, Waikari, we motored to Hui Hui, where Mr Little is managing' a. Corriedale stud of exactly the same type for his sisters. There the two-tooth rams were specially admired. The rainfall is around 29 inches. New Zealand has such an assured rainfall that it is difficult to get information regarding it. Most landowners do not know their reeord; rain comes so regularly that they do not worry about how much falls. However, they are getting too much this summer. The grass is green everywhere, and much hay is ruined. A Corriedale stifd ^ejtf; by Messrs D. and M. Sidey, of .Glenovis, was next admired, the party being particularly impressed with -the size and the wool of these sheep. Messrs Sidey keep three. sheep to the acre on established top-dressed pastures, and three-quarters of a sheep on silver tussock country. (They dress the; established pastures with three cwt. of lime occasionally, when they think the land requires it. The mixture of grasses sown when establishing a pasture is 25 lbs. rye grass, 10 lbs. cockfoot, 1 of white cloyer, and 1 of red. They use super only when the pasture is put .down. ,..,The stud rams average 20 lbs. of wool, and the price foir the top line was 22Jd On the.way back to Christchurch we called to see Mr C. ; H. Bethel's Corriedale flock ewes; which last year clipped 10 lbs! of wool, and 11 lbs. the previous year. Mr Bethel had very fine, sheepyards, with double forcing yards 40 feet long and 3J feet wide. We spent a very full an interesting day, and^fUTi^ed^bsfck Christchurch at 6 p.m. ' BeaatWl,Christchurch. Christchurch is a city apparently built around a massive-Church of Englafidi Xyith a particularly lofty spire, the top o£ ! which came down with an earthquake S^u 1906. The mark from where it was re'-built is plainly visible. The population of Christchurch is 132,530. The pretty tittle Avon river, which has its source in natural springs just a few miles from the town, and is further fed by springs along its course, wends" its serpentine way through the city, and is responsible, in conjunction with the church, for the mass of triangular streets at the crossing of which one has to make a wild guess which way the traffic policeman is going to direct you. M' one busy rectangular intersection, traffic lights similar to those in Melbourne attend to traffic control with satisfactory results. Along the banks of the Avon, fine old weeping willows and tremendous-sized poplars are of extreme interest and beauty. The poplars are the largest I have seen. The ba)ttd rotunda.is also a beautiful and solid structure; 'Wild ducks of various descriptions, including Australia black and teal, so tame they will eat out of a person's hand, revel in the idyllic surroundings. Artesian "water in the form of drinking fountains and ever running water is provided on the river bank. The large number of bicycle riders in the streets of Christchurch is a feature that strikes the visitor immediately. The reason given for this is that the situation of the city and surroundings (unlike most New Zealand cities) is flat, and lends itself admirably to this form of transport. On the park-like banks of the Avon is a statue of Scott, the Arctic explorer, and executed by his wife, who was a sculptress. The inscription is: "Robert Falcon Scott, Captain Royal Navy, who died returning from the South Pole 1312, with A. E. Wilson, H. R. Bowers, L. E. G. Oates, E: Evans. 'I do not regret this joruney, which shows that Englishmen can endure hardships, help one another, and meet death with -as great fortitude as ever in the past'" (Scott's diary). • A Modern Agricultural. College. On Saturday, February 20th. We' visited the famous Lincoln College, and the party were delighted* swi'th the practical methods of management. We were met and cordially welcomed by, the principal. Professor Hudson, and his good wife, who took - cjiarge of the ladies. ' We were sht^ra ^die classrooms and la&oratory;, where all experimental : *ecprds;. are. ^ept, .soils t classified,' and .graphs prepared. The rainfall is 25 inches, spread over the whole 12 months at the rate of about two inches a month—not like the South-East, where seV'en inches may fall in one month. The even; "distribution of lain is a wonderful Tielp to fanning in New Zealand,-where land can be tilled at any time of the year, except perhaps in the lower South, where frost and snow sometimes "feake the soil as hard as a metal ? studs of sheep are maintained, at Lincoln College, - itoinney Marsh, ;Courier dale, South' Down, English and Bor^ der Leicesters. The college farm is divided into 50 paddocks, and the average wheat yield -is from 45 to 65 bushels, according to the season? The soil is a. silty, alluvial: loam, ahd parts of it are very rich, although much of it looks like our poorer grey soils. On 15 acres of white clover and rye grass on the'farm,'never'less than 180 sheep were carried ; for nearly four months of-the- yfear.* : The land is limed every three years; - and one cwt. of super is applied every year. No springs of water, are found as we know them, but artesian waiters is found-at 28 feet. This applies over the greater patt of both: islands' or New Zealand, ; some- artesian springs being only a few-feet, from the surface. Very wet weather is experienced in the mountains of the west .coast of the South Island. The rain comfes across the . Tasman sea, and ig caught by'the jnouhtains where the rainfall in places is 200 inches. A dry north' wind sweeps dovm the Canterbury^ Plain and reduces the rainfall in some districts to afe low as 12 inches. This year the season has been abnormal, and green plovers and grass !s seen "a foot high on many farms where n.sually the '-grass is dry at this tiine of the Tear. Lincoln College staff is experimenting ^ith -grasses, more particularly -.with cocksfoot, which is ac faroiite 'ggfjasBj in siNew Zealand. Whfe family" of grass is thoroughly tested, it is recommended to' faraunjp. £ Thex. noW^ have a strain of cocksfoot caHed C23, which is being sold to farmers, f>ut the supply of this "seed is very llihited: "The ' experiments with,* tins strain will still go on eliminating, this poorer plants 1 and propagating ;oifly the best, producing plants.. :We were all well pleased with our visit to liincoln College." '•• ? On Sunday. . February 21st; : .caught la train at 8S8 a.m.; and; after spacing;through sprite wildlorest?coaa< try composed chie y of blue •• gum, rofttle ? and bftten- Jjujai4* we crossted a bridge over the Rakaia river over a ; mile long, and =ia3ytghted- at a* little town Of the same name as the river,' With a population of 759. At nnVafo we were met by the Ashburtoi Far 5 merfs' Union* with cars -to view another portion of the Canterbury frlaiii: Mr Grigg, president of the agricultural so'ciety, took three of us in' his car, and explained the conditions of: the various paddocks. Here agaip the w®eat"/-wasistili in stooks. We fcilled at Mr -R. W. .Low's Aberdeen estate, and saw the best Boeder Leicester sheep yet. seen oh the islands. Mr Low also showed us his English Leicester and -South-Down studs. We then saw, Ms wonderful' pastures, but it was o rather significant that no stock were 'ori'vlhem, and thereby hangs a tale. Many of theVmost successful graziers 4o "not topdress their •pastures at all, W 'believing that ;^pp dressing can be overdone and bring along a heap of trouble in the shape of stock ailments, but| everycaie ^spems to"; jbelieve- in liming their land at intervals and only use super when putting in a- crop or establishing a pasture. Mr Low's property is part? of „4he iplfi. High JBjank;' station that was .cjtft up by^ti^lg^yetnr. ment. It waip o<koed_ (>y 3M liow family, and Mr R. W. Low got part f it from the government. The rent in 1896 was 6/8 per acre; now it is 33/4. Thia land is L100 feet above sea level, and has a 36 inch rainfall. had morning tea at Aberdeen. (To be Continued). 