Salvation Army VISIT OF DIVISIONAL OFFICERS A HAPPY EVENING Cn Wednesday last the local Salva tion Army Corps was visited by Lr. Colonel Inirie, Brigadier Brooks an-] i Captain Butt. At 2 p.m. those offic- j ers addressed f-. well attended meet ing of ladies p.nd entertained them v. iih a number of inusk-al and vor?.l items. At 4 p.m. thty conducted a j children's nicetiujr when there was j v. large number oi girls ami boys j 1-reseut. At night ill- Army hall was filled bv a gathering of men, women and children, who were given a iiiost en joyable evening's entertainment an I ! who were not slow to show their ap preciation of the excellent fare pro vided. . Brigadier Brooks occupied the chair and the proceedings were open er1 with a hyniii followed by praye*-. Then came a song by the Chairman, entitled 'Salvation', detailing the impi-oved conditions in a home, con sequent on a change in father and mother's life. Each verse finished v,/iih the chorus, 'Salvation Hooray'. The children present were invited to join in the hooray, which they did most vociferously. The Chairman then introduced Lt. Col. Inirie as the Territorial Youn,* People's Secretary and Capt. Butt, who has been appointed as Division vl Secretary of the Young People's section of the Salvation Army. It was mentioned that Col. Imrie heW the posiiiou of Immigration Officer while immigation was in operation aid that 10,000 iuurugrants had pp.os e-3 through his hands. At ihe Chairman's request, Col. Imrie supplied some music on the riano- accordeor.. This instrument, it was oynJpjned, is. somewhat new to ^Lgggg^g^gH^inl^itional musi i^BBBPWBPPPP.whcre^ near ly everyone is able to play i*. iTTs said to be rapidly gaining favor in England, where the sales reached about 100,000 in one month, but the heavy duty restricts its importation into the Commonwealth. Its musical capacity was revealed as very ex tensive and powerful, though it ap pears to be an instrument requiring more than ordinary skill to properly manipulate. Col. Imrie- is a thorough waster of its intricacies and hii rendering of the Invercargili March, Londonderry Air and sonie melodies was faultless. After a scripture reading by Capt. P.utts, the three officers in splendid rlyle sang a rousing digger song, 'Good-bye Pharaoh', which, the Chairman said, was introduced into the camps of Aussies in Egypt by 'Fighting Mac', the greatly beloveri Salvation Army padre. Brigadier Brooks is himself a digger and he described how the Australia?i sold iers (he amonsr the number) sang it just prior to their leaving E^ypt for Franco, viz., with boisterous en thusiasm, having no rogrets at part ing with the discomforts of PharaohV t land. ! The next item was a. cornet solo, v/ell rendered by Capt. Butt, though the cornet is not an instrument heard to best advantage except in liirge buildings or the open in: The ti*le of the piece was 'I Love Him Eetter Every Day.' The follow! ar; number struck a rote of sadneps. It was a recitation of a pathetic, but most touching na ture, 'The Blacksmith's Story', giv en 1»y the Brigadier, in an effective manner. Col. Imrie has been noted for som« time as a player of the English concertina, of outstanding proficien cy, and his rendition of a march, melody and hymns, on that instru ment on Wednesday night, could not be other than the real treat it .i;i -!oubtedly was. The children of the Army Primary School received encouraging ap plause for their vocal effort, 'It's | s Grand Thing to be Saved.' Capt. Butt now sang a song ana showed his instrumental versatility by playing the accompaniment on a steel guitar. The song comprised a number of short verses of which the following are specimens: The devil's mad and I am glad, he lost a soul he thought he had. 'S ou can't go to Heaven on a dancing floor, you'll dance right through the devil's trap door. You can't got to heaven on a roller skate, you'll roll right past the pearly gate. At the end of each verse the three officers sang the chorus: 'I'm not going to grieve my Lord any more'. The catchy tune and style caught tht humor of the audience. An address by Col. Imrie vras ex ceedingly interesting. He has ap rarently travelled and re-travelled the world over and has a wealth of experience to drr.w upon- He has al so a large fund of humor and a Ueaasant burr in his voice, pro claiming his Scotch origin. A story of the early life of Mozart, the com 1-oser, captured the keen attention of the children, while some references to the career of Dr. Velez, the fam ous Danish medico, who joined the Salvation Army, were eagerly listen ed to by adults. Capt. Butt's negro spiritual 'Hea- ven', was one of the gems of the evening. The Captain has a ^y One baritone voice and the steel guitar, as .stated by the chairman, supplied .i perfect accompaniment to the son/?. This effort could be placed alongside simile r efforts by celebrat ed artfilts and not suffer by the com parison. By special request, Col. Imrie brought out his piano-accordeon ag ain and played 'Swannee River' and a couple of harmonised tunes, to the -'.eHght of the whole audience. Brigadier Brooks is also r. forceful speaker and an address by him was full of interest and overflowing with i'Urncr. The theme running throug!' Ms address wr:o: 'Gcd has an in vestment in every life.' 'We're On The Homeward Track' was sung by the three officers and 1 roved another very enjoyable item, and wr.s their concluding effort. A curtain across the platform was low drawn asiie and permitted to h^ seen an excellent representation of the forepart of the steamer Quee.i Mfjy — the clever workmanship of Capt. Merrick. Standing at the bow were tvro boys in ship officers at tire, taking the parts or the Captain £i«:d First Mate, who handed out par cels containing Rifts for presentation to members of the audience, accord ing to tltc respective numbers on tickets which they had received ou entering the hrvll. About forty gifa v.-ere distributed, when the supply ran out. Those persons still holding tickets will, however, receive their frifts within a few days. Brigadier Brooks announced th.°.i he and Capt, Butt would be back in Dorrigo on 10th August and would carry out a similar programme to that of Wednesday night. Those who v. ere present then will certainly look forward with pleasurable anticipa tions to the night stated. 