Closer Settlement » WHAT SMALL FARMERS WANT By "ONE OF THEM" Closer settlement is agitating the minds of the rural population more than any of their manyother problem. Thousands of small farmers have been evicted. In Western Australia a Danish delegation has just visited 3,000 unoccupied farms, with a view to Danish migrants with a small capital taking them over. Impoverished, burdened with debt, the small farmers are forced to relinquish their farms, which passed into the hands of rich land owners at "depression" prices. This has had had a bad effect on country life. Country towns, such as Forbes, Narrabri and Cowra in NJS.W., have become "landlocked" by the big estates and, as a result, have stagnated. That is why the small farmers, with sons wbom they wish to settle on the land and the small business people who see that a well-settled countryside would mean thriving country towns, cry oat for closer settlement. The rural worker likewise sees a possibility, through Closer Settlement of obtaining sufficient of his native soil to assure him and his family a living. DANGEROUS SCHEMES OF SQUATTERS The big landowners, however, want to use Closer Settlement as. a means to unload poor land at fancy prices, knowing that, In many cases, due to inability of the small fanner to face the burden of debt, interest and so forth, that it will return to him, the wealthy country capitalist, for the proverbial "song." That is a. danger in, Closer Settlement schemes that must be combated. As the prices of land have risen, the big interests feel that now is the opportune time to shoot for Closer Settlement. Stevens and Bruxner support their own brand of closer settlement, closely linked with the mass immigration schemes which the U.A.P. governments are negotiating with London impenaUste Mr Bruxner said that much at Dubbo (N.S.W.) recently. What is needed is not closer settlement in the interests of rich landowners and reactionary governments, but closer settlement in the interests of the rural poor. The small farmers and those who need land must be given sufficient to earn their living by compulsory subdivision. They must not be exploited by having unproductive land thrust upon them. When enough land has been divided among the present struggling small farmers and rural workers by compulsory subdivision, then it is time to think of new settlers and scientific methods for improving the present unproductive lands. The small farmers must not be crushed by burdens of capital debt, a reasonable amount should be advanced free of Interest. Proper facilities for machinery, fertilisers, seed, etc., most be placed at their disposal and advances necessary to purchase these necessities be also interest free. During drought, fire and flood, and glutted markets, the basic wage must be paid the farmers. Such a policy, I consider, offers the maximum of relief to the impoverished rural population, this side of the Socialist revolution. 