LOCAL MARKET BEST. In the recent remarks of the General President of the Primary Producers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of declining mar kets abroad for our primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 tons compared with the previous twelve months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain re sulted from competition by magarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Commonwealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many pence a 1b. more than in Great Britain where wages are not so good and the pur chasing power of the general com munity is, therefore, lower than here. In most European countries the posi tion is worse; and in Denmark, dairy men are too poor to eat their own pro duct, consuming, instead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian butter producers, lies with in the Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our population. At present the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 faotory workers. With their wives and children they probably num ber well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer docs. No objection, either, is raised to the exchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It results, however, in 25 per cent, extra being paid by the community for every article imported; and costs the taxpayers many millions more per annum in the settling of our overseas interest bill. It also gives the dairy man another 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bringing -into line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are required in Australia. Our secondary industries offer the best means of providing for new arrivals who would be customers, not competitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining and a world authority re cently stated that if British immi grants were not secured now it would be impossible to do so later— PAUL CHEYNE. 