[?] [?] WILL CARS INCREASE IN PRICE? 1~\EVELOPMENTS in international relations have been such during die f jlJ last few months as to raise fears in the minds of manufacturers as I to continuity of supplies. The result has been rather extensive purchas f ing of materials for future use, and prices are increasing by leaps and bounds. Wages have increased in the United States, and it is reasonable to expect also that the worker in Great Britain will demand and receive a greater share. In addition to this, new taxa tion in the latter country may be ex pected to add no trifling amount to overheads. The prevailing trend is well shown by tyre increases, which have amounted to more than would appear at first glance' to be due to the raw material costs. In America, wages in tyro factories have gone up 2s. per day, and the industry here has followed suit, with the basic wage adjustment. , In England, the price of steel and other materials have) advanced during the past six months, and further hicfh levels are expected. The amount of increase for steel is IS per cent, brass 20 per cent, and copper 25 per cent. Leather, too, is another line which is dearer, and may be expected to go still higher. f With a demand for tonnage freights [?will not remain unaltered for very long, and transportation will cost a little more. Handling the cargoes will certainly not cheapen, and overheads 'in this country will rise. In every i department a little more ' rake-off ' -will be demanded, and as no class of i £uods is sold at a loss the extra costs will he handed on. Much skilled labour goes into the luiilding of a car in this country for oven though some of the parts are Im ported the proper fitting together ami iisbcinbling of the components requires experience and knowledge. There lias already been one wage increase, and others are in view. Higher costs in production, transport mid distribution are therefore inevit ??ilile. It is only a matter of time when t lief manufacturers' costs will be passed mi to the distributor, the latter's to ilia dealer, and then the motor owner will be required to pay more for his Tt would appear, therefore, that this i- the time to buy, and those in a position to purchase should consider whether it is wise to wait any longer ii-r their new machine. There is one thing the motor owner may get some satisfaction from, and iliis is the better efficiency of the new cars and the equipment generally. Tyre i.iilures, despite the greater speeds and more powerful brakes, are less and less frequent. The engine and running gear also arc constructed to withstand the piiiins to a much greater degree. Finish mid comfort have been improved upon. and the complete article, although dearer and expected to become more nn. still offers greater value than was io be had, say, ten or twelve years ??'.'?. *^ TWO INTERESTING MEN.' In Detroit, U.S.A., there are two iiN-n who have risen high in the auto n obile industry. Years ago thoy landed at Ellis Island. They came from tin- same country — the same city, in fii.t. although they did not know each mlii-r. They had one thing in common, — :iml)ition. For years they toiled with their hands in shipyards, railroad eliops, foundries, and bicycle factories. .AM the while they were gaining the background that was to icad them liiiiilJy to a place among the leaders of a great industry — in two of its grciitest corporations. I'-nek in 1881, one crisp September d:iy in Copenhagen, Denmark, there iviis born in tbs home of Soren and Eva Christine Abrahamson Sorensen a son whom they named Charles. A few blocks away in the same city Knud P. and Augusta Knudsen gazed proudly on their 18-months-old boy, Signius Wilhelm Poul Knudsen— to be known later as William. The first to leave Denmark for the United States were the Sorensens, ar riving in 1895, settling in Buffalo, where the 14-year-old Charles went to work in the pattern department of the Jewett Stove Works as an apprentice. During the ensuing five years he worked variously in the tool room, foundry, machine shop, and drafting room. Back in Copenhagen, William Knud sen, working in a bicycle factory, de cided, too, that America was a land ot opportunity, so he emigrated arriving in February, 1900. His first job was with the Gas Engine and Power Co. as a reamer and riveter. From there he became a boilermaker in the Erie R. R. Shops in Salamanca. N.Y., finally arriving in the John R. Keim Mills at Buffalo, a bicycle factory that had started making automobile parts. But the two two-fisted Danes wera not destined to meet so soon — for the Sorensen family had moved on to De troit in 1900, where young Sorensen continued with the Detroit branch of the Jewett Stove Works as a pattern maker, later going to the Michigan Stove Works in the 6ame capacity. Still later, he entered the employ of Bryant and Berry, machinists and foundrymen. It was here that Sorensen met Henry Ford, who at that time was still en gaged as general engineer of the Detroit Eoison Company but in addition was carrying out in the Bryant and Berry plant his earlier experimental work i' automobile engines. In 1904, Surensuu joined the newly-organised Ford Motor Company as a pattern maker, and within a short time was pluccd in charge of the growing pattern depart ment. In the meantime 'Bill' Kuiidscu hadn't been wasting time in the Keim Mills in Buffalo. In less than four years he had risen to assistant man ager — then manager. In 1911, tho Keim Mills, which hadn't been doing so well, were purchased by Henry Ford — and the two Danes who were destined to rise so high at last found themselves work ing shoulder to shoulder. For eleven years the two men lab oured together under the Ford Banner, but in 1922 ' Bill ' Knudsen, who had left Fofrl a .year previous, went over to the General Motors plant, rising higher and higher until he finally became ex ecutive vice-president in charge of all G.M. operations — the position he now holds ' Charlie '} Sorensen has also gone far — being at present general manager of the Ford Motor Company And so we have two Danish immi grants of approximately the same age, who had the same opportunities and who have risen to high rank in the same industry. Can any more striking parallel be drawn of the character, de termination and ability of two Danes? — ' E.G..' in ' The Motor Trades Journal.' HANDY TROUBLE LAMP. In times of trouble on the road, and to see into obscure corners, especially underneath tho floorboards, etc., an in spection lamp is almoEt essential. A good lamp may be made from oddments in very little time and it has its own advantages, too. The body is a small tin about four inches by two (a metal polish tin) with a panel cut out of one side. The screw neck is cut off and a liolo made in the domed top big enough I to take a lampholder with double con tact, which is secured by its shade ring. A length of heavy copper wire is then soldered round the middle of the tin with one end turned upwards, soldered to the top flange, and turned again to form a hook. A 5-watt bulb is inserted and the lamp is complete. It will hang, stand or lie ; the solid back acts as a shade, and tho user is not dazzled. White eiinmel inside and black cellulose out ride give the lamp quite a shop finish. Another method is to use a small phisp jnr with n metal screw top lid (it mar have contained anything from fare rrcam to fish paste) and an S.B.C. (small bayonet cap) lamp holder (double contact) which is fixed through ;i bole in the lid. With a. side lamp bulb in pla.v the lid i« screwed on to the jar and a length ' in' flo\\- with a plug or adaptor can be | joined up cither to a side lamp or to I :i t-peciaily wired socket. 'Or the flex ihiiv end in two ' crocodile ' clips vvliic'li eaii.be put on to the battery ter minals 'or niiy ' live ' point available. TJiis t.rj»e.of inspection lamp is nearly iiirlircnknlilc and will either stand or linn.; as required. 