Local Market Best. In the 'recent remarks of the General President of the Primary Producers' Union - Mr. Dunlop, M. L.C.) another indication is giyen.of declining markets abroad for our. primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated. that imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 tons compared witli the previous twelve months; ana this years figures will be lower still. He also added that the ab surdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from com-- petition by margarine. Another authority, Mr Russell King, -a, member of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source1 should butter prices be increased in England. In; Australia butter costs many pence a 1b. more than Breat Bri tain where wages are not so good and the purchasing ^ower of the general community is* therefore. lower than here. In most' Euro pean countries 'the position = is worse; and in Denmark, dairy men are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, instead, mar garine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian butter producers, lies within the Commonwealth itself. Every ef fort' ' should be made to increase our population. At present the Australian customers of our dairy men include 500,000 factory work ers. With their wives and child ren they probably nuinbeY \tell over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objec tion, either, is raised to the ex change rate, set at its present level, entirely to aid the primary producer. It results, however, in 25 per cent extra being paid by the community for every article, imported; and costs the . taxpayers many millions' in the settling of our overseas interest bill. 1$ also gives the dairymen another 25 per cent more for his exports, thus bringing into line with 'Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not. competitors with the' farmers already established here, are required In Australia. Our secondary 'industries offer .the best -means of providing for new ar rivals who would be customers not competitors, of the farmer Population in Great Britain is de clining and a world authority re cently stated that .if British* im migrants were not secured now it would be impossible to do so later. — Paul Cheyne. \ 