INFLUX OF ALIENS Travellers Complain Of Increasing Flow Comments Made Yesterday At Pirie Junction REFERENCE to the ever-increasing flow of aliens to Australia was made by travellers yesterday at Pirie Junction when the transcontinental train passed through. Stories of protests made from Fremantle. they said, were genuine, and there was a definite move being made to halt the influx. When the liner Otranto arrived at Fre mantle on Tuesday it brought to Aus tralia nearly 200 alien immigrants. The same day the Italian ship Viminale landed 371 more. The Otranto had barely berthed be fore Mr. Roland Green, MJH.R., and Mr. J. H. Harrup, of Rockhampton, were lodging telegrams of protest to Mr. Lyons (Prime Minister) and the Pre miers of each State. It was claimed that the immigrants were of an undesirable , type, being of inferior physique and mentality. When the trans-Australian train was at Pirie Junction yesterday morning the matter was referred to Mr. A. P. Glenn, a Melbourne business man who returned on the Otranto from London. "There is no doubt about the sincerity of the protests," he said. "Though we saw little of the immigrants on the voyage we saw sufficient to convince us that they were not the type we de sire to people Australia. "On the way out there was an outcry from the tourist class about a passen ger who had lost £100 from his berth. Of course, one could not directly blame the immigrants for this, but the inci dent served to make feelings more bit ter." THE REAL DANGER Sen. H. B. Collett, who was a pas senger on the train, said that he had been in touch with those responsible for the protests, and he heartily agreed with them. "Some of the immigrants are of quite peaceable type," said Sen. Collett, "but the danger comes from those who have Fascist and Communistic leanings. Some of these men are known, to have been sent out here to organise for those movements. Their children, too, have a mission, which is to suborn our Aus tralian juveniles during their inter course. "It is not generally known," said the senator, "that the Australian Corona tion Contingent which recently arrived at Fremantle lodged an emphatic pro test officially to the Commonwealth Gov ernment about the type of Immigrants they accompanied out here." Official figures taken of the Otranto's immigrants were as follow—-Italians 66, Yugo-Slavs 30, Greeks 27, Polish 26, Fin nish 15, German 11, Albanian 5, French 3, Czecho-Slovakian 3, Danish 3, Es thonian 2. Swiss 2, Dutch 1, Chinese 1, and one with no State at all! 