Lota! Market Best. Ih the receht remarks of the Gett era! President of the Primary- . Pro ducers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, MiL.C.)r ! another indication is given of dfeClitt-. ing markets abroad for our primary produce. Mr. Dunlop stated that im ports of butter into the United King dom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 toils compared with the previous twelve months; and this year's figures Will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competi tion by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russel King-, a member of the Commonwealth | Dairy Produce Equalisation Commit tee, also believes that there is danger I from the same source shbuld butter j prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many J pence a lb. more than in Great Btit ! ain, where wages are not so good, j and the purchasing power of the gen | eral community is, therefore, low&r; ! than here. In most European coun tries the position is worse; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, in stead, margarine. It Would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian : butter producers, lies Within the | Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our popu lation. At present the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 personfe. They, and other members of the com munity do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish pro ducer does. No objection, either, is raised to the exchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the prim ary producer. It results hoWever, in 25 per cent, extra being paid by the community for every article imported, and costs the taxpayers many mil lions more .per annum Jn the settling of our overseas interest bill. It also gives the dairyman another 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bring ing into line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are required in Australia. Our secondary industries offer the best meaiis Of providing for new arrivals who would be customers, not competitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining, and a world authority recently stated that if British immi grants were not secured now it would be impossible to do so later. PAUL CHEYNE. 