LOCAL MARKET BEST 1T0 the Editor) ? Sir, — In the recent remarks of the General President of the Pri mary Producers' Union (Mr. Dun lop, M.L.'C.) another indication is given of declining markets abroad for our primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of but ter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen -20,950 tons com pared with the previous twelve' months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from com petition by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the 'Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger trom xne same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many pence a lb. more than in Great Britain where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the general community is, therefore, lower than here. In most European countries the position is worse; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to cat their own product, consum ing, instead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian butter producers, lies within the 'Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made to in crease our population. At present the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the English customer for their but ter so that the dairyman here may not have to 'l'ive like the Danish pro-i ducer does. No objection, either, is raised to the exchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid tho primary producer. It results, how ever, in 2-5 per cent, extra being paid by the community for every article imported; and costs the tax payers many millions more per an num in the settling of our overseas interest bill. It also gives the dairyman another 25 per cent more for his exports, thus bringing into |line with .Australia the prices of | British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are required in Australia. Our secondary industries offer the best means of providing for new arriv als who would be customers, not competitors, of the farmer. Popu lation in Great Britain is declining and a world authority recently sta ted that if British immigrants were not secuVod now it would be impos sible to do so later.— Yours, etc., Paul Cheyne. 