Lutherans Oppose State 1 Aid for Schools Wish, to Conduct Own Teaching History of Denomination Surveyed (H. VON PLOENNIES.) "AVE are firmly opposed to State aid 'to denominational schoola." stated Rev. Jos. J. Stolz, President of the Lutheran Church In Australia. His church was intent on establishing schools tf its own. Acceptance of such aid would entail the State's interfering in the training of their charges. Of course this did not preclude their willingness to co-operate to the full with the State authorities where scholastic matterspro- por were under discussion. Besides, they would always be amenable to in spections carried out by the State. DRIFT FROM RELIGION. /"CONTENDING that the present age v was almost devoid of religious sentiment, the President discerned a similarity to the early beginnings of Christianity in the midst of a pagan world. Judging by outward signs re ligion, which to him meant openly professing the Christian faith was almost banish ed from public life. Yet, - the situation was not altogether dis heartening. A loss in publicly mani- fested strength was counter-balanced by increased devotion and earnestness on the part of those who remained unas- sailed by the prevailing doubt. Was it not a remarkable thing that there were still many who, unmindful of distance, would forgather with no thought of material return in order to deliberate on spiritual matters? This was again repeatedly demonstrated on the occa sion of the Synodal Conference which had just concluded. Many of those who had drifted away from hallowed associations, had really never penetrated to the core of the faith they seemingly professed. The Church he represented would not pander to this form of Zeit geist" which was an apt German desig nation of the spirit of the age. In stead, it accepted the Gospel and main tained the message of the salvation in Jesus Christ. The setting of the interview was a Lutheran manse in South Brisbane, to which the President had repaired on the conclusion of a protracted final ses sion of the Synodal Conference. Relax ing, he relished a pipe, token of English civilisation. In contrast, a brother minister who had recently arrived from Germany, preferred a cigar. But the smoke, coming from these in dications of respite from exhausting deliberations In open conference, in termingled, symbolic as it were, of the two civilisations, which were clearly set up against each other, contacting In a friendly spirit. BLEND1NGS OF CIVILISATIONS, TITR. STOLZ, the native born presl- " dent of the Lutheran Church In Australia, in his own person has harmoniously blended the elements which constitute the two civilisations in which he moves. He studied at the University of Erlangen and was subsequently- trained in the noted Lutheran institute at Neuendettelsau, tn Bavaria. He is descended from a family in which the calling of the pastorate is traditional. His own sons are ordained ministers like their father as well as their remote ances tors who hailed from Rothenburg which, according to Mr. Stolz, is one of the most wonderful towns handed down from the Middle Ages. RELIGION IN TEACHING. lNLARGING on the question of Lj education, the President Inti mated that his church wbb earnestly considering the question of schools owned by itself. They could not rest content with a system of instruction which was not permeated with re ligion. Mere moral precepts or ethi cal conceptions, even should they actually form the basis of secular edu cation, would not ease their qualms. He instanced at random the differing approaches to the instruction in suc'n subjects as geography and history. The teacher with ordinary qualifica tions would treat geography as the study of physical contours of the earth, whereas the true teacher who, of course, was grounded In religion, envisaged it as introductory to a reverent study of the Lord's handi work. A history master might rest content with viewing the passage of timo as- a succession of man-made events as distinct from his religious fellow-teacher who discerned in every thing the clear working of the divine will. RESPECT FOR BI-LINGUAL1SM. AS Lutherans they also had to respect the incidence of bi-lingualism. Cer tain difficulties in the way of preserv ing the German language, the language through which their faith had first been expressed, were due to the fact that the original adherents, on emigrating, reflected in their speech a diversity of dialects. Conversely, High German stood in the relation of being almost a foreign language. The type of school to which they aspired was that represented by the French Gymnasium at Berlin which, founded about 1685 by expelled Protest ants, still retained French as its medium of instruction. Of course, the descen dants of the original founders had merged into the German nation, but it was to tlicir credit that they cul tivated their patrimony. It was a sin gular occurrence, remarked Mr. Stolz, thnt the resurgence of interest shown in the German language by British- Australians had in its turn induced the descendants of the German- speaking immigrants to take up the study of their ancestors language themselves. Though undoubtedly forming an in tegral part of the Australian nation, Ihey kept in close touch with Lutherans abroad. Their scnae of cohesion was expressed in the Lutheran World Conference, the pre sent head of which was. the Biahop of Hanover, Dr. Mahrarens. Every six years the office of- President was occupied in turn by the numerically strongest groups, namely, Germans. Americans and Scandinavians. The last President had been Dr. Morchad from New York. Their Synodal Con ference had coincided with the annual meeting of the World Execu tive of the Lutheran World Confer ence which was meeting at Amster dam. The last general meeting had been held at Parts in 1934. Since the war their faith had been strength ened by the return of Alsace-Lor raine, where numerous German-speak ing Lutherans were living. LUTHERANS IN DOMINICANS. A SKED whether the only settlement of Lutherans in the Empire was in Australia, the President pointed out that in addition to New Zealand, whore there were several congregations of mainly Scandinavian origin, both South Africa and Canada had strong Lutheran churches. Their Lutheran church, at least in Aus tralia. was not an organisation. On the contrarv. it was a fellowship, which be came dissoluble only on death. "Lebons- gemeinschaft" it was called in German, and whatever its correct rendering into English, they nil knew instinctively what that term connoted. Theirs was one great family, residing mainly on the land. Close on 85 per cent, of the ad herents were engaged in tilling the soil. It was only of late that some were to be found in the professions, chiefly medi cine and teaching- INFLUENCE ON AUSTRALIANS. A PART from their pioneering work. A A- had they influenced Australian life in general? he was asked. Mr. Stolz referred to their manner of celebrating Christmas, which, he averred, had enriched life in Australia through the infusion of more spiritual values. Their Christmas tree, and even some of their songs, such as "Silent Night, Holy Night," had been taken over by their fellow-Australians, who were not of German descent. CENTENARIES. ,\TEXT year would mark the centen- : ary . of the foundation of their church In Australia. It was in 1838 that Pastor Kavel arrived with a group of Lutherans from Silesia who had to loave their native land on account of their faith. "In this connection 1 should like to express my grateful appreciation of the interest being shown by both the Government and the public in the forthcoming centenary of the arrival of the Goszner missionaries who laid the foundation of the Lutheran faith in Queensland," he said. "We are particularly glad to think that 'they arc being commemorated as being the first free settlers." "Now the work of those pioneers was being carried out in German, Eng lish, Danish, Finnish and two native tongues. Since the last revolution in Russia, where once there had existed a flourishing Lutheran community, provision had been made for services to be conducted in Esthonian. Condi tions ruling the lives of their fellow Lutherans on the Continent were not uniform. "Germany?" "We continue to follow with deep concern the relationship between Church and State there." Reviewing his impressions recorded during his recent stay In Queensland, Pastor Stolz dwelt on the reception accorded by the Lord Mayor when he was heartened by the presence of other Church leaders. "The promotion of the Kingdom of God is our earnest task," he said. "We feel Rt one tvlth all fellow Australians who are like-minded, no matter from what country they originally sprang." REV. J. J. STOLZ 