WILL CARS INCREASE IN PRICE ? DEVELOPMENTS in international relations have been such during the last few months as to raise fears in the minds of manufacturers as to continuity of supplies. The result has been rather extensive purchas- ing of materials for future use, and prices are increasing by leaps and bounds. Wages have increased in the UnSte( States, and it is reasonable to expect also that ths worker in Great Britsli «rill demand and receive a greata share. In addition to this, new taza' tion in the latter. country may be ex pected to add no trifling amount t< overheads. The prevailing trend ii well shown by tyre increases, whicl have amounted to more than woulá appear at first glance* to be due to th( I raw material costs. In America, waçei in tyre factories have gone up Ss. pei day, and the industry here has followed suit, with tbs basie wage adjustment. In England, the price of steel an.i other materials have advanced during the past six months, and further hicV levels are expected. The amount ol increase for steel is 15 per cent, brasi 20 per cent, and copper 25 per cent Leather, too, is another line which in dearer, and may be expected to go still higher. With a demand for tonnage freights will not remain unaltered for very long, and transportation will cost s little more. Handling the cargoes will certainly not cheapen, and overheads in this country will risa, In every department a little moro "rake-off" will be demanded, and aa no class el goods is sold at a lost the extra costs will be handed on. Much skilled labour goet into the building of a car in this country for even though some of the parts are im- ported the proper fitting together and assembling of the components requires experience and knowledge. There hat already been one wage increase, , and others are in view. Higher costs ia production, transport and distribution are therefore inevit- able. It ls only a matter of time when tho manufacturers' costa will be pasted on to the distributor, the latter's ta the dealer, and then the motor owner will bs required to pay more for his car. It would appear, therefore, that tait ts the tim« to buy, and those In a position to purchass . should ' consider whether lt ls wise to walt any longer for their new machine. There ls one thing the motor owner may get some satisfaction from, and this is the better efficiency of the new cars and the equipment generally. Tyre failures, despite the greater speeds and more powerful brakes, , are . less and less frequent. The engine and running gear also are constructed to withstand the stains to a much greater degree. Finish and comfort have been Improved upon and the complete article, although dearer and expected to become more so, still offers greeter value than 'was to be had, say, tan or twelve years agc. TWO INTERESTING HEH. In Detroit, U.SA., there are two men who have risen high in the auto- mobile Industry. Years ago they landed at Ellis Island. They «ame from the same country-the samo 'city, la fact, although they did not know «ach other. They had one thing in common -ambition. For yeera they toiled, with their hands in shipyards, railroad shops, foundries, and bicycle factories. AU the while they were gaining the) background that was to lead them finally to a place among the leaders of a. great industry-in two of its greatest corporations. Rack In 1881, one crisp September day in Copenhagen, Denmark, thor« was born in th. home, of Soren and, Eva Christine Abrahamson Sorensen a! son whom they named .Charles. A few blocks away in the same city Knud P. and Augusta Knudsen gar eil proudly on their 18-months-old hoy, Signlus Wilhelm Poul Knudsen-to be known later as William. The first to leavs Denmark for the United States were the Sorensens, ar- riving in 1895, settling in Buffalo, where the 14-year-old Charles went to work In the pattern department of the Jewett Stove Works as an apprentice. Dunn? the ensuing five years lie worked variously in the tool room; foundry, machine shop, and drafting room. Back In Copenhagen, William Knud ?en, working in a bicycle factory, de- cided, too, that America wai a land ot opportunity, so he emigrated arriving in February, 1900. His first job was with the Gas Engine and Power Co. as s reamer and riveter. From there he became a boilermaker in the Erie R. H. Shops in Salamanca, N.Y., finally arriving in the John R. Keim Mills at Buffalo, a bicycle factory that had started making automobile parte. But the two two-fisted Danes were not destined to meet so soon-for the Sorensen family had moved on to De- troit in 1000, where young Sorensen continued with the Detroit branch of the Jewett Stove Works ii a pattern maker, later going to the Michigan Stove Works in the esme capacity, j Still later, he entered the employ of j Bryant and Berry, machinists and j foundrymen. It was here that Sorensen met Henry j Ford, who at that time was still en- gaged as general engineer of the Detroit Edison Company but in addition was carrying out in the Bryant and Berry plant his earlier experimental -work in automobile engines. In 1904, Sorensen joined the newly-organised Ford Motor Company as a pattern maker, and within a short time waa placed in charge of the growing pattern depart- ment. In the meantime "Bill" Knudsen hadn't bien wasting time in the Keim Milla in Buffalo, In less than four years he had risen to assistant man- ager-then manager. In IOU, the Helm Mills, which hadn't been doing so well, were purchased by Henry Ford-and tba two Danes who were destined to risa Iso high at last found themselves work- ing shoulder to ahoulder. For eleven years the twa men lab- oured together under the Ford Banner, but In 1022 "Bill" Knudsen, who had left' Ford a year previene, went over to the General Motors plant, rising higher and higher, until he finally became ex- ecutive vice-president in charge of all G.M. operations-the position he now holds " Charil» * Sorensen hss also gone far-being at present general manager of the Ford Motor Company And so we have two Danish Immi- grants of approximately the same age, who had the same opportunities and who have risen to high rank In the sams industry. Can any more striking parallel be drawn of the character, de-' termination and ability of two Danell " E.C.." in " The Motor Trades Journal." HARDY TROUBLE LAMP. In times'pf trouble on the road, and to see into .obscure corners, especially underneath the floorboards, etc., an in- spection lamp is almost essential. A good lamp may be made from oddments in very little time and it hss its own advantages, too. Thc body ls a small tin about four inches by two (a metal polish tin) with a panel cut out of one side. The screw neck is cut off and a hole mads in the domed top big enough to take a lampholder . with double con- tact, which is secured by its shade ring. A length of heavy copper wire ls then soldered round the.middle of the tin with one end turned upward«, soldered to the top flange, and'turned again to form a hook. A s-watt bulb is inserted and the lamp is complete. It will hang, stand or lie i the solid back acts as a shade, and the nser is not dazzled. Whit* enamel inside and. black. cellulose out- side give the lamp -quite*-shop finish. Another method ' ls ' to ' use a small glass jsr with a metal.,screw top lld (it may have contained .anything from face cream to fish, paste) and an S.B.C. (small bayonet cap) lamp holder (double contact) which is fixed through a hole in the lld. With a side lamp bulb in place the lid is screwed on to the jar ano: a length of flex with a plug or adaptor can be Joined up either to a side lamp or to a specially wired socket. Or the flex may . end in two. "crocodile" clips which can be put. on to the battery ter- minals or any "lire" point available. This type of inspection lamp is nearly unbreakable and will either stand or hang as required. 