LOCAL fAARKET BEST. e> In tile recent remarks of the gen- era} président of the Primary ' Pro- ducers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C) another indication is given of declining markets abroad for oar primary pro- ducers. Mr. Dunlop stated that im- ports of butter into the United King- dom for 1936 had fallen 20, 950 tons compared with the previous twelve months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competition by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Commonwealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Commit- tee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butta prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many pence a lb. more than in Great Britain where wages are not so good and the pur- chasing power of the general com- munity is, therefore, lower than here. In most European countries the posi- tion is worse; and in Denmark, dairy- men are too poor to eat their own pro- duct consuming, instead, margarine, It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian butter producers, lies within the Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our population. At present the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children, they probably num- ber well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paving more than the 'English consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, either, is raised to th« exchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It results, however, in 25 per cent extra being paid T>y the community foi every article imported; and costs the taxpayers many millions more per an- num in the settling of bur overseas in- terest bill. It also gives the dairyman another 25 per cent more for his ex- ports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with th« fanners already established here, arc required in Australia. Our secondary industries offer the best means of pro- viding for new arrivals who would be customers, not competitors, of th« farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining and a world authority re- cently stated that if British immigrants were not secured now it would be im- possible to do so later.-Paul Cheyne 