LOCAL MARKET BEST (By Paul Cheyne). In the recent remarks of the Gen eral President of the Primary Pro ducers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of declin ing markets abroad for our primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated thai Imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,900 tons compared with the previous Vi months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competi tion from margarine. -- Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, aUo believes that there is danger from the same source sho uld butter prices be increased in Eng land. In Australia butter costs many pence per 1b. more than in Great Bri tain, where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the gen eral community is, therefore, lowe* than here. -In most European coun tries the position is worse, and in Denmark dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, in stead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive, and well-paid market for Australian butter producers lies within the Com monwealth itself. Every effort sho uld be made to increase our popu lation. At present the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like til's Danish producer does. No objection, either, is raised to the exchange rate, set. at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It re sults, however, in 25 per cent.' extra being paid by the community for every article imported, and costs the taxpayers many millions more per annum in the settling of our overseas Interest bill. It also gives the dairy man another 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of Brl'sh sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are required in Australia. Our sec ondary industries offer the best means of providing for new arrivals who would be customers, not com petitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining, and a world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not secu red now it would be impossible to do so later. 