LOCAL MARKET BEST. Greater Population Needed. (By Paul Cheyne.) In the recent remarks of the Gen dral Prbsident of the Primary Pro ducele' Union of New ,South Wales (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indlca tlon is given of declining markets abroad for our primary producers. MIr. Dunlop stated that Imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 tons compared with the previous twelve months; and this year's figures wil be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain re suited from competition by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Commonwealth Dairy Produce Equalisatlon Commit tee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs more than In Great Britain where wages are not so good, and the purchasing power of the general community is, therefore, lower than here. In most European e'r.urtries the position is worse: and in Denmark, many dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, con suming. instead, margarine. It would seen that the best chance for an ex tensive and well-paid market for Aus tralian butter producers. lies within the Commonwealth itself. Every ef fort should be made to increase our population. At present the Australian custom ers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the Eng lish consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not lhave to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, either, is raised to the ex change rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It results. however, in 25 per cent. extra being paid by the community for ervery article imported: and costs the taxpayers many millions more per annum in the settling of outr overseas interest htill. It also gives the dairy man another 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors, with the farmers already estabslished here, are required in Australia. Our sec O?dalry industries offer the best means of providing for new arrivals who would .be customers, not competitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining, and a world auth ority recently stated that if British Immigrants were not secured now it would be impossible to obtain them later. 