LOCAL MARKET BEST. In the .recent remarks of the Gen eral President of the Primary Product ers' Union (Mr Dunlop, M.L.C.) an other Indication is given of declining mat h«3, abroad for our primary pro due^rs. 'Mr-Dunlop^stated that im ports tof -. butter into the United King iom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 ton: 'compared ? with the previous twelv- months; and this year's figures wil be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Grea: Britain resulted from competition bj margarine. Another authority, Mr Russel King, a member of the Commonwealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Commit tee, clso believes that there is dan ger from the same source should but ter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs man; pence a H-. more than in Great Bri tain where wages are not so good arid the purchasing power of the gen eral community is, therefore, lower than here. In most European coun tries the position is worse; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat, their, own product, consuming, in stead^n&Tgarine.; It would seem that the bes,t chance for an extensive and well-p&id; market for Australian but ter producers, lies within the Com monwealth itself. Every effort should ae made to increase our population. Ht present the Australian customers )f our dairymen include 500,000 fac ;ory workers. With their wives and ftildreri they probably number well jver 2,000,000 persons. They, and -ther members of the community, lo not object to paying more than /he English consumer for their butter -o that dairymen here may not have o live like the Danish producer does, tfo objection, either, is raised to the -xchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary producers. It results, however, in 25 per cent, extra' being paid by the community for every article imported: and costs the taxpayers may millions more per annum in 'the settling of our over seas 'interest bill. It also gives the dairyman another 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of Bri tish sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are required in Australia. Our secon dary industries offer the best means of providing for new arrivals who would he customers, not competitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining and a world au thority recently stated that if British immigrants were not secured now it would be impossible to do so later — Paul Cheyne. 