local market best (By Paul Cheyne) In the recent remarks of the GPeneral President of the Primary PrPoducers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of declining markets abroad for oiir primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,960 tons conmpared with the previous twelve months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from compe tition by margarine. Another authority, Mr. RuEsell King, a mmeber of the Common wealth Dairy rPoduce Equalisation Committee, also belives that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many pence a lb. more than in . Great rBitain, where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the general community is, there fore, lower than here. In most European countries the position is worse; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own pro duct, consuming, instead, margarine. It would seem that the beBt chance fo an extensive and wel-paid market for Australian butter producers lies within the Commonwealth itself. Every effort should he made to Increase our population. At present the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory wirkers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their but ter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, either, is raised to tht exchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary' producer. It results, however, in 25 per cent, extra being paid by the community for every article imported; and costs the tax payer many millions more per annum. in the settling of our over seas interest bill, tl also gives the dairyman anothe 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bringing into ,line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are required in Australia. Our secondary industries offer the best means of providing for new arrivals who would be customers, not com petitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining and a world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not secured niw it would he impossible to do so later. 