Flashes of the Week's Important World Events SUNDAY. Sydney.—A company now being made in England to arrange for the Duke and Duchess of Kent to visit Australia next year for Sydney's 150th .anniversary celebrations. « « * * Sydney.—Fresh efforts are îieing 1 formed in Sydney plans to manufacture light .cars and sell the'm at about £150 each. » » * • Sydney.—Bookmakers are preparing drastic plans to obtain taxation relief, it being suggested that they refuse to pay a penny, though continuing to send in their returns. * * * * New York:—Men, women and children have been killed off in appalling fashion by ruthless slayers in à record-breaking series of 18 murders that have taken place in the city in the last six weeks. • * « * • London:—An Oxfordshire woman advertised for sale a haunted wardrobe, complete with ghost. It reaii: * £50. • • • • Shanghai:—The Japanese forces, through the non-arrival of expected reinforcements, * * are in desperate • • plight. New York:—When friends in a poker game drew royal routines within half-an-hcur the other two players drew knives, and all four were taken to hospital when it was all over! * * » * Aberdeen:—An invalid pensioner was fined 10/- for drunken driving in a wheel-chair. MONDAY Adelaide:—A former speedway rider and his bride left the church after their wedding walking beneath an arch of motor-cycle exhaust pipes. * * * * Paris:—Italians won the first three places in an international race from a French to a Syrian town and back. Mussolini's, son was third, and may have won but for propeller trouble. * * * » Shanghai:—Fires are raging over eight square miles of the city, separating the eombatants. The chances of the Chinese dislodging the Japanese are said to be dwindling. • • * « Vancouver:—It is feared that the missing Russian airman will not be found alive. * * * * Berlin:—Mr. Ebbutt, "Times" representatives, complied with the Government's order to leave Germany. * » * * Copenhagen^Tliree Danish girls, onç Qf whom recently swam 55 milts in 30 hours, are planning a race aci/jss the English channel. * » * • Grafton:—A Olenreagh youth's home—designed plane was flown for 12 minutes by a pilot friend. It was slightly damaged in landing. TUESDAY. Brisbane:—The erection of a new post office in Brisbane is expected. A Victorian who visited the city after 51 year's absence said the post office was the only building he recognised. » « » * Shanghai:—Death and destruction continue, due to the Sino-Japanese dash. Two bombs fell on a big department store and killed between 300 and 500 people. The Japanese have landed 50,000 reinforcements. » « * • Sydney:—Joyce Barry created a record by cycling from Orange to Sydney (168 miles) in lOhrs. I9mins. » * ». * London:—"Bprnbars will win the next war by dropping showers of incendiary bombs," declares the aviation correspondent of the "Daily Mail." * * * * Melbourne:—The R.A.A.F. plane which disappeared en July 22 with two aboard w%s found on the sea bottom The body of one victim was found some weeks ago, but the other has not yet been found. • • • • London:—British naval estimates for the autumn are expected to provide for 35 new war vessels, costing £50.000,000, and 200 extra aircraft to serve with the fleet. » • • • London:—General Franco, Insurgent leader, is reported to have instructed his warships to fire at sight on vessels suspected to be carrying munitions. WEDNESDAY. Canberra.—Mr. Lyons, speaking in the House on the Imperial conference, said the Government believed the navy should be Australia's first line of defence. It. was preferable to fight an aggressor, • away • from • our^shores. • Shanghai.—The Japanese launched a general attack by sea, land and air this morning. The forces are fairly even numerically and the Chinese stubbonly resisted, but a small force of Japanese broke their line in one place. • • • London.—The Notts Cricket Club has suspended Harold Larwood for the remainder of the season "for a brerj'h of discipline," the nature of which was not disclosed. * * • In Spain.—The advance' of General Franco's troops foreshadows the doom ef Santander. • * * • Melbourne.—A total of 158 cases of Infantile paralysis have occurred to date. • • • • Canberra.—Mr. Curtin bitterly attacked the Commonwealth Government's defence plan, saying it had no proper regard to the development of modern warfare. He proposed an a:r force of 50 squadrons. Mr. CùrtIn also declared the Government's fiscal policy had jeopardised Australia's friend'y relations with her Pacific neighbours. » *. * • Pari»—A Belgian husband and wife visiting the ntërnational Exhibition were reprimanded by the polioe for wearing shorts "that were much, too No Trunks On Caloundra Beaches Landsbbrough Shire Council, which controls Caloundra beaches, has decided to require men .bathers to wear two-piece costumes. It was stated that Coolangatta and Maroochy councils had adopted two-piece costumes, and Landsborough should fall into line. The local C.W.A. branch protested against "immodest bathing costumes." One councillor said he could not see why such a song was beinq made about men wearing trunks. He thought the council should wait unti'. there was room for complaint. short." London.—The Nazi ban on Rotary is said to be due to Rotary being too international and not anti-Semitic. • * » • London.—A Suffolk man who went right through the Great War to-day died from wasp stings, after his horse trod on a wasp's nest in a field. THURSDAY. Canberra.—Efforts will be made by the Government to check the drifts in British immigration and the Australian birth-rate, which Mr. Lyons described as disturbing. Shanghai.—The Japanese launched a general attack on all roads leading to Shanghai from Woosung and adjacent areas. Japan is said to be preparing for a war which will last for years. • * » » Melbourne.—The Anglican Synod .rejected on the chairman's casting vote a motion that the Government be asked to introduce legislation making it compulsory for both contracting parties to a marriage to produce to the proper authority a certificate of a clean bill of health. V * * • London.—The Duke of Windsor is reparted to be home-sick for England. Canberra.—Plans for the new post office in Brisbane are pow taking London.—At Brussels a swarm of mosquitoes easily won a band contest, dispersing the competitors after a few minutes. 