LOCAL MARKET BEST In the recent remarks of the Gene ral President of the Primary Pro ducers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) , another indication Is given of declin ing markets abroad for our primary producers. Mr. -Dunlop stated that imports of butter into the United Wingrinm for 1936 nad lauen 4U,!-ou tons, compared with he previous twelve months; and this year's fig ures will be lower still. He also add ed that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competition by margarine.. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member, of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same - source, should butter prices be Increased lrt England. In Australia butter costs many pence a lb. more than in Great Brit ain, where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the general community is, therefore, lower than here. In most European countries the position is worse, and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, instead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian but ter producers, lies within the' Com- monwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our popu lation. At present the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well -over 2,000,000 persons. They, and Other 'members of the community, -do not object to paying more than the English customer for their butter, so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, 'either, is raised to the exchangee rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It re ? kAM.n..AK in OK rkAi* rent, nxtrfi, being paid by the community for every article imported, and costs the taxpayers many millions more per annum, in the settling of our over seas interest bill. It also gives the dairyman another 25 per cent, more -for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of I British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, ; arc required in Australia. Our sec ondary industries offer the best means of providing for new arrivals who Would be customers, not compe titors, of the farmer Population in Great Britain is declining, and a world. authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not secu red now it would be impossible to so later.^Paul Cheyne. I MOTORCYCLING NOTES Very keen interest was taken by members of the Deniliquin Motor Cy cle club in the official run to May rung last Wednesday. Seven mem bers made the trip, and six competed in the bending races. Excellent rid ing performances itfere put up by Bulst. Laurence, Wharton and Gib son, and their broadsiding at ttie turnsl was cleverly carried '. but and . prlvld- j ed a couple of thrilllng flnlsheB. j Good sportsmanship was shown by Bulst when, in pne of the heats, Laii ranbe's engine c.ut put, and Bulst im mediately withdrew and the heat was re-ruh. We commend Bulst for his fine sporting spirit. Riders are now .looking forw«o attending the WaUlstoh sports, when they hope events will be provided for, ^n.«tiHnn irnub members will also provide exhibitions of trick riding at intervals, to demonstrate that the motor cycle* Is a safe . and. speody means of transport. A gentleman at Mayrung, whose name we are asked not to divulge, was so enthusiastic that be paid all nominations of riders in the first event, and the club deeply appreciate iuch action and extend hearty thanks. ► ' ?; ? '? . 