LABOR IN COWPER | MR. BRINDLEY SPEAKS IN TAREE I Mr. A. (i. Itrindley, the endorsed Labour candidate for the Cowper elcc t orate, spoke to a large audience in Vic toria street, Tnreo, on Friday evening, after addressing a meeting at Wiiighani earlier in the evening. A loud speak er was used to eonnteraet the usual Fri day night noises on tho strcot. The chair was occupied by Mr. 1). O'Brien. In his opening remarks, Mr. Brindloy said that lie and Dr. Pago' came before the electors as representatives of their respective 'machines,' and neither could put : into operation his personal ideas without tho agreement of his party —thus it was .not a case of Brindlcy ver sus Page, but Labor versus 'the Govern ment. . .... Mr. Brindloy went on to deal with the question of national defence, and enun ciated -the Labor policy in that con nection; a policy that aimed at making Australia independent of overseas assist ance by the. provision of an efficient air force , to protect the : country from any : aggressor. Tho present Government sug gested that a Labor Government under i no consideration would assist in- the do- i fenco of any part ot the British. Empire. 1 Dr. Page had said that Mr. Curtin had ' said that it Is ow , Zealand woro attacked they would not go to their assistance. -Tho 'Labor Party -had never said that, and never would. The Labour Party did say thiil before the citizens of Australia wore made to go overseas, or asked to go, tlioy would bo asked to vote on the question. If Now Zealand' was attacked by an aggressor nation Australia would re gard it part of lier own defenco to go to' the assistance of N.Z., as they would go to assist .England in the event of an attack by a foreign power. It was: not un reasonable to ask a country which had lost 00,000 of hor best soiis to choose' whether they go overseas or not. At the present time they had no' concrete sys tem of defence, and on October 23 the question would be asked of 50,000 souls in Gowpoiv all within reach of the gun fire of an aggressor,' Did Dr.' Page seek to give tliem an air force?' The speaker criticised tho 'action .of the Govdrnniont ;n leasing tho Cockatoo dock to a pri t vate syndicate for 20 years and defend ed the action of the Federal Labor Party in opposing- the handing over of the Newncs shale oil development to tho same syndicate as controlled the dock, i These should bo worked as national en terprises so that Australia could build her own ships and provide fuel lor de fence purposes. He .also criticised the working of the rich 'iron ore deposit at. Zninpi Sound bv anyone outside Aus tralia. Speaking of the problems ot primary producers, the speaker asked what, had the Government done tor tho dairyman in the drought last year? It refused to afi'ord any relief at all to stricken farm ers. What had it done in regard to three-days' sickness in cattle? Although it had been ascertained that the disease came to the country by way of mos quitoes in mail planes, the Government would not even spend a few shillings on tho fumigation of the planes on ar rival in Australia. The Government claimed that, the 'primary producer had prospered since it came into office, but .Mr. Brindlcy said he had made up thou sands of income tax returns for fann ers, who were in no better coiulit/nn now than tlioy woro during the Scullin regime. It ? was unfortunate for the dairymen that Mr. Bruce had persuaded Dr. Pago to accept a portfolio,' for since, then the U.C.P. had ceased to bo a sep arate entity. At the last election Messrs. Page and Lyons promised to pro-, vide £-0,000,000 to help the farmers, but when they were returned the amount was reduced to £12,000,000, and of that . only £.1, ;'-37,000 had been allocated. Under present conditions dairymen were forced to work their children before and aftor. school hours. Tho Labor party hoped Jo .provide a plan based on the New Zoaland' scheme, whereby the fann er was guaranteed a fair return for his produce. In regard to tho export of .pig products, Mr. Brindlcy read a letter, (written to him 'by the mauagor of one of the largest bacon factories on the coast) alleging positive discriininnt'on between N.S.W. pigs and those from i other States, and claiming that the- sys tem of inspection was unfair. The letter staled that in other States from 75: to i 85 per cent, of pigs woro passed. for ex po* t, but in N.S.AV. only .15 or 20 per i cent. ' were accepted. ; Tho Lyons-Pago Government 'had ' never tried, as the -Labor, party would, to' force other States | to increase their butter standards up to the high' choice percentage of N;S.W., which was losing a vast amount of i. money through the blending of its but ter with inferior grade's.' :'He instanced the case of a brother of a' Ivempsey resi dent who paid a visit to England. Ho i found that Australian butter could- not be purchased, and conceivod ' the idea; of selling Australian butter direct to the public at the same price as was paid for Danish butter/ He started olT with a motorcycle and sidecar; and so success-: ful was his scheme that to-day ho used 38 vims and employed over 300 hands, Tho increase in sales of margarine was brought about by. low purchasing power on the -purl of the people. ? At' present they were enjoying a false prosperity because t lie nations wore arming,' but lie j was afraid that prosperity would not last.' ? Mr. Brindlcy spoke at length oil bank ing, which, ho said, was a vital matter involving the problems of defence and unemployment. It was the Fisher. Labor Govorninont which founded the Common wealth Bank,. and this institution under the control of Donison Miller provided £350,000,000 to send ovoraons an army re garded' as tlie' libst trained' and best equipped that ii country of thosizo'of Australia had over put into tho Hold. Just after the lisink was established lleuisoil t .Miller gn\e the people 1 lie trans- j cent inenta! railway free ot debt by issu ing notes which were destroyed when . they came back to the Itank. 'I'lie Labor party claimed that tinder its emit rul the ; Commonwealth Hank could in the same wav (by issue of notes) provide money f: for defence and uaeiiiplo.vinenl. Knell - year that the l.oan Council has gone to s t lie Bank Board for a sum --f money for ' ? the relief of unemployment il has been ; ; cut down by man v millions of pounds, ?; 1 and the Labor Party suggested that this j - must be stopped. Tho speaker contra- - dictod tho Government's claim that it i had substantially reduced utiemploy nionl and quoted recent figures released j. by Mr. Duimingham .which, lie said, . j' ? ' showed that over 00,000 men wore either out of work or earning a small sum from .' rationed relief work. Tho last consus ''$$?} showed that tho parents of JO- per cont. of the children in Australiti woro recoiv- ' ing £1 n. week or loss, and that 50 per : jsyy cent, of tho parents received not uioro' i;v than £3 a woek. Infant and maternal mortality was a serious . problem that the Labor party would tackle if returned to ? .?'??? -j|yy- power, said Mr. Brindlcy, and he criti cised the 'Government for. its .tragic,''-:. jjjV.:.. failure to do something to safeguard tho j(f;. ; i health of women' and children. Tho ti ? I figures showing the extent of mulinitri- j v: lion iir children in this country woro ' j! , ;: astounding — of 1000 children aged from S';' 2 to G, oxaniinod by tho Melbourne health -i| ;;;W; authorities, only .17% woro found to be . ' i -: without defects.. The Lyons Government _ rift' favored immigration on the bttsis of as- rfr sisted passages— the Federal and British ?. ? , | Goveriinients to provide ono-tliird each, . and tho relatives the other third, but 5 ; ; the '..M Manchester Guardian ' pointed out ' that Britain has no farmors to . send, ; ? : ?and she has not sufficient skilled artisans: !$?',? for hor own noedsr. Tho Labor party R declared that the best iiinimigrant was a f jy ; good healthy son of Australian parents. U- If tlioy could raise £350,000,000 for war -V ? purposes it should be possible to ; raise, s ; . say, £50,000,000 to relieve the young children of the spectre of uiiemploy- . jt : meut. Jy- Mr. Brindlcy referred to a paragraph li ? published in the 'Herald.' -At Macks- :j|.y ville he stated that when- lie went into iy the campaign he was fully aware of tho y i .fact that at oao time in the C'owpor j/ olectortile the name of Labor stunk, but j; tho -press report used the expression ill ' the present tense, instead in the past tense. |.' At the conclusion of his address, Air,. J Brindlcy answered several questions. ITo \ tol«| one questioner that Mr. Curtin,.' re- ' ?/; ierring to the petrol tax, had stated that r only £3,000,000 of tho £8,000,000 collected I- had gone on to the roads, and if return- 1 ed to power the Labor party would re- ; duce the tax to an amount that would' return the sum 'actually ' required tor roads. . ' ? In reply to a question about the 10 hour week, Mr. Brindlcy said the League .y of Nations nieet ing had decided that , W machines wore outstripping the workers, -y and that the only solution wiis to reduce !:.v the working week. This wtis a plank of the Labor party, but he inade it clear that the Federal Governmeiit could only legislate in the Federal sphere, and not' ; in State industries, which wore regulated by the Stale Governments. On the motion of die chairman a voto : of thanks was accorded to Mr. Brindlcy. 