Local Market Best ! ?In the recent remarks of the gen eral president of the Primary. Pro- ducers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.j, another indication is given of declin ing markets abroad for our primary,] producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of ?'butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,95(3,. tons compared with the previous twelve months; -and this year's figures' will be lower -still. He also j added that the absurdly 1-oav prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competition by margarine. / Another authority, Mr. ? Russell King, a member of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should '?butter . prices be increased in Eng land. In Australia butter costs many pence a lb more than in Great Britain where wages are not so. good and the purchasing power of the general com munity is, therefore, lower than here.' In most European countries the posi tion is worse; and in Denmark dairy men are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, instead, marga rine. It would seem ithat the. best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian butter pro ducers lies within the 'Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made' to increase our .population. At pre sent the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their.wives and child ren they probably number well over 2,UUU,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the Eng lish consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here, may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, either, is raised to the. exchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It results, however, in 25 per cent, extra heing paid by the. community for every article imported,' and costs j the taxpayers many millions more ' per annum in the settling of our over seas . interest bill, i It also gives the dairyman another 25 per cent, more forvhis exports, thus -bringing into line with Australia the prices of British sales. ? [ ?Customers, not competitors with the farmers alreadj- established here, are required in Australia. Our sec ondary industries offer -the 'best means of poviding for new arrivals who. would tie customers, not com petitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain1 is declining, and- a world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not secur ed now it would be impossible to do so 'later. — Paul Cheyne. 