EUROPE THROUGH AUSTRALIAN EYES Hitler and Mussolini Meet 'WE'WANT PEACE' . -- ?- E * _____ Frightfulness in China (By AILEEN ALPEN) ? CRACOW (Poland), October 3. Miss Aileen Alpen, our special correspondent, in this her first article from Poland for a considerable time — follow a world tour which included a visit to Australia — deals trenchantly with the European situation, the Far Eastern conflict, and other matters of world-wide importance. Nothing has aroused such ?world in terest since the Coronation as this meeting of the two 'tilctatans. Hitler and Mussolini, in Berlin a few days am All the world except the I 115 000,000 Italian and German peoples, has 'listened In' to the discourses and, what is more important, all are won dering what is to be the result of this meeting-peace or war Signor Mussolini gave ithe answer to this question at the ^reat manifesta tion at the Spnrt Stadium when he shouted, 'We, Hitler and I, we want peace.' After hearing that, of course, every-one of us knows that, when these two great men talk of peace and shout it out, they are planning some new treachery against us, particularly the British. Do not forget all the treaties that Germany tore up. Do not for get Abyssinia — and irememlber Spain, still suffering, and with I more than a million dead, through Russia, Italy and Germany. If ttie last two peoples had not con tinually sent reinforcements and war material, the conflict would have been finished in three months. Italy (th* Rreatest offender) and Germany, after !| hindering the Non-intervention com mittee in every way. then joined it, and agreed with the other Governments \- not to send volunteers or munitions to ! Spain. But they continued to send not i volunteers, but whole regiments of sol diers and aeroplanes. Then, of course, Russia did the same, but to a lessei degree. So Italian honor is to be trusted as much as German. We should remember Germany wants her colonies back and Italy wants the Mediterranean. - At the present mo ment Herr Hitler has advised Signal Mussolini to go gently with us, in re gard to Spain, as be has lhad enough of the Spanish adventure and I do not by any means think that the danger of war has passed, tout that it is worse than ever and will now more likely oome from the East. It is splendid to think that Australia is really arming, because you are not far from, the dan ger zone. WHY THE CONFERENCE? One can't help olsking wliy it was necessary to hold naval talks at Nyon (Switzerland) to combat piracy in the Mediterranean Sea, when everyone knows that Italy is the pirate foi General Franco. But it is amusing to eet 'A thief to catch a thief.' Japanese terrorism in China ihas shocked not only British people, but the people of every civilised land. The air raids on the open towns of Nanking, Canton, Hankow and other places have resulted in an -incalculable number nf not only men, but women and children, being killed. To all the . diplomatic ?protests, they reply always with the greatest subtlety, that their greatest care is to protect civilians. But with all of this they go on with their un warrantable aggression against China and nothing can stop them. Of course they learned ithedr lesson from Italy against Abyssinia, and again in Spain, which is suffering from, the aggression of Italy. The great bridge Starstorm was opened on Sunday toy the King of Denmark. It was made toy a British firm with Danish labor and is the longest in Europe. For the making of bridges it is impossible to beat British engineers— just look at our Sydney bridge! The Australian High Commissioner (Mr. Bruce) has just distinguished himself m the League of Nations by a very able speech showing that the League of Nations is wisely approach Ing its task of promoting international appeasement from a new angle. His remarks showed how an improvement in the standard of living, apart from the temporary stimulus of rearmament, might be a way to real economic ap peasement. Following Mussolini's visit to Berlin German commentators declared that it was not to toe regarded primarily as an occasion for political discussion. Those who looked upon it in that light do not understand 'and fail to appreciate that the Rome-Berlin 'axis,' grounded in common political systems and ideals, is something bigger than a diplomatic expedient for the solution of dayto day political questions. The reality of the 'axis' is that the Italian and German peoples, bound by a related principle and by common political in terests, threatened by the same danger, and filled with the same. will to self assertion, stand back to back to defend their place in the sun and their com mon ideals. That is the meaning that Herr von Haisel, German Ambassador in Rome, wrote in the Italian news papers. He also stated that the Duce ves not going to talk of treaties be hind closed doors, but would take- part with the German .people in a true ex perience of fellowship. RECEPTION IN BERLIN In Berlin the Duce received' a wel come fit for an emperor. He drove for six miles with Herr Hitler to the Palace in the Wilhelmstrasse; all the places from which Ihe could be seen, and many places whence he fcould not be seen, were occupied by cheering, flae-waving men, women and children. In Munich ihe people were a little overawed by the elaborate police pre cautions, but here it was not so severe, so the1 people were able toigive a demonstration of real friendliness which must have shown the Duce that we German nation approves of the 'axis.' In the evening the Puhrer gave a banquet to which 300 people were invited. Herr Hitler, in his ispeeeh at Che banquet, said: 'On your .Journey through Germany your Excellency will have appreciated from the great en thusiasm with which you were receiv ed by all classes of the German nation that your visit meant more to us than a mere diplomatic event. At a time in which the world is full of tension and alarming confusions, in which the dangerous elements attempt to attract and destroy the civilisation 'of Europe. Germany and Italy have found them selves in sincere friendship and com mon political co-operation. 'This co-operation rests not only on the same indestructive will to live and asser^ themselves, but in addition on related political ideals, which is the internal strength of our states. These common fundamental principles consti tute a tie binding our peoples. Tlwe are no factors separating them. We believe that the safeguarding of peace and the most precious flowers of Euro pean civilisation are not fro toe attain ed by the creation of a bloc directed against other European states. We are, on the contrary, convinced that through our common work we serve best not only the interests of our two countries, but in addition the objective of a peneral international understand ing which lies close to our hearts. We will stand side by side to examine our political parties and oppose every at ibanpt to (separate the two nations.' MUSSOLINI'S REPLY Signor Mussolini said: 'I greet the Puhrer, Chancellor of the Reich, the warrior who has restored to the Ger man Nation the consciousness of its greatness. I greet in him the re creator of the nation with which Fas cist Italy is allied bv so many ties of spirit and of work. The Fascist revolu tion and the National- Socialist revolu tion were and are creative revolutions. Germany and Italy have created on their soil great works of culture and progress. Since I have been on your soil I have seen the will of the Ger man people to inspire and create also. German-Italian solidarity is a living and active solidarity. It is not and does not aspire to be an exclusive bloc distrustfully and fearfully shutting out the rest of the world. Italy and Ger many are ready to collaborate with all other nations of good will. What they demand is respect and understanding for tihelr needs, their necessities and their legitimate claims. As the sols condition of tiieir friendship they de mand only that no attempt ds made to disturb the bases of our glorious European culture. The conversations which I have had with your Excellency in the last few days have strengthened our friendship and made it impervious to every attempt to disturb and divide from whatever side it may icome. AT THE SPORTS STADIUM Signor Mussolini said: 'Germany is awake and I wonder How much longer it will be before Europe awakes? Bol shevism is a despotism which exploits the ignorance of the masses. It is a government based on slavery, a govern ment which sows hunger. He would flght it by word and if necessary by arms,' Ihe added. 'In Spain many Italian volunteers (pardon, he means the Italian soldiers) had died to save European culture from the false gods of Geneva and Moscow.' . He added: 'If the entire world asks with special interest what will be the result of this meeting in Berlin, war or peace, we both, Herr Hitler and I, would reply in a loud voice; 'Peace.'' JAPAN SHOCKS WORLD The League of Nations, at the open ing meeting in Geneva, protested in the name of 52 nations, representing the league and Kondemned the aerial bombardment of open towns in China by Japanese aircraft. Lord Cran borne, Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, said: 'Words cannot express the feeling of profound horror with which the news of these raids had been received by fche whole civilised world. They are often directed, against places far from the actual area' of hos tilities. The military objective, where it exists, seems to take a completely second plaice. The main object seems to be to inspire terror toy the indis criminate slaughter of civilians. As regards (the loss of life and property our British nationals have, and are suffering in a terrible degree. But this is a matter which goes far beyond the interests of any single nationality. The extension of air 'bombing in China represents a menace not only to the unhappy people, who are suffering so grievously from it to-day, but to the whole world. If this tendency is to continue and is to be intensified, can civilisation itself survive?' Lord' Cranborne spoke his last words very quietly and deliberately: 'Their effect on world opinion is, I suggest, a factor which, those responsible would do well to take into alocount.' Japan, it seems, is bent on demoralis ing China by methods which other notions have not hesitated to condemn and which are arousing public opinion, particularly in Great Britain and. in America, to a degree which Japan may well have cause to regret, nor is the policy on which she is embarked calculated to bear fruit in China. The. Chinese civilian 'population is the most enduring, and the most fatalistic — the best adapted to calamity of any popu lation In the world. At the front, it has stiffened the resistance of the Chinese soldiers. If Japan had de liberately sought a, formula for uniting China and putting her defenders on their nettle, she had1 only to leave the quest-^as she Ihas done— to her bombers. Her resort to barbaric tactics is a symptom of her impatience, if not of her alarm; and by making that re sort she has conjured up a menace ultimately greater than that represent ed by the elusive indestructible Chinese soldier. She is earning the unqualified condemnation of a world on which — whether she is at peace, whether she Is at war, or whether she Is making good the gains of war — she vitally de pends. . The two dictators, Mussolini and Hitler, morally support Japan in her aggression — they must, because tlrcy showed the way and they are allied to Japan against Bolshevism. , MURDERS AT NAZARETH Official hopes that terrorism had run its course in Palestine have been cruel ly falsified. On Sunday evening Mr. Andrews (an Australian) the acting District Commissioner of Galilee, and Constable M'Ewen were killed by three persons, dressed as .Europeans, .lust out side the Anglican Church at Nazareth This was unquestionably the work of Arab terrorists, who have been spora dically active for months. Arabs, who have refused financial aid to the ex tremists, or have advocated an under standing with the Jews, have been blackmailed and sometimes murdered. Mr. Andrews, who was an Australian and had served in Palestine durincr the war, was an able and distinguished servant of the British Government and had maintained order without fear or favor. He was in favor of the parti tion of Palestine between the Jews and Arabs, as the fairest way of removing grievances. Therefore, he was hated, threatened, and finally murdered by the terrorists. Constable M'Ewen had only a few days before completed his contract and he intended going to New Zealand to marry. CZECHOSLOVAKIA The Czechoslovak nation has suf fered a heavy loss by the death of Professor Masaryk, its president foi 16 years, its liberator, and its teacher. Nearly 19 years ago his faith, courage, and perseveranice had their reward. A dream came true and the old Aus trian provinces of Bohemia and Mor avia (became the Czechoslovak Republic He was the son of a Slovak coachman and became professor of history and philosophy in the University of Prague. He had worked unremittingly for his people. From the (beginning of the present century his prestige increased and he defended his people against the Germanised bureaucraley of Vienna. His tenure of the presidency was worthy of his post. His sanity and tolerance were of the greatest (service to Europe during the period of political disorder 'and economic confusion that followed the break up of the dual mon archy. His achievement was of im mense value to his own country which, in spite of its mixed population and dangerous frontiers, became and re mains the most prosperous, the most democratic and the most law abiding of the succession States, to the liberal and democratic elements in Europe. In England his death will be particularly regretted. It is a matter of pride to us that Britain gave hospitality to his scholarship and to his constructive ideas, and that one of the makers of new Europe proved his stateship while holding an English professional chair. On the day of ltis funeral never was so irniich feeling shown by all classes and races since the day when the independence of Czechoslovakia was declared. IN POLAND Things have not been going bo peace fully between the Jews and Poles as formerly. It seems that although Poland has a population of 33,000,000 that she is unable to absorb the 3,000,000 of Jews that reside there. For this reason the Polish Minister of Foreign Affaire (Colonel Beck) has stated in the League of Nations that it is absolutely necessary that the im migration of the Jews to Palestine should not be curtailed. A few weeks ago in Warsaw, Vilne and other centres, riots broke out and much damage was done to the Jewish shops and would-be shoppers were not permitted, to enter, the- shops. by stu dents posted at the doors. But after a few days order was restored by Presi dent Mocieki, who declared that if there were any more disorder or at tacks on Jews, the offenders would re ceive one or two years' imprisonment Unfortunately in several smaller .towns there have been several people mur dered and the assassins have been Jews. This, naturally, has helped to excite public opinion against them. But it £ not in the great centres that the Jews have the worst treatment, but in the small villages, where they are boycotted and are absolutely reduced to starvation. Now in the universities it is proposed to separate them from the Christians in theiectures. This of course will cause further outbreaks between them and the students. The result will not -e good for Poland and the universities will suffer as the Jews will not tolerate it and it will mean that they wall study in the universities of other ands Some of the most brilliant brains will thus be lost to Poland. There are many brilliant Jewish professors in ttie Polish universities, -ut when their term of office*, finished no more Jews will be granted a chair It is a pity, for in time Poland will become as impoverished in regard to great brains as is Germany. It is hard to understand this with our British mentality, but we feel, and know, m talking to these Jews, who are born hereTthat they look upon Poland as their native land and norne and not Palestine. They have to do military service and pay taxes like the other citizens, therefore, we think, they should have the right to live where ihev will This, of course, is an internal affair and canonly be regulated by the Polish Government, which must naturaUy know what is best for Poland; but life for the Jews becomes to all lands more difficult, as England can not absorb many more, particularly of the intel ligentsia. 