LOCAL MARKET BEST. In the recent remarks of the General President of the Primary Producers’ Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of declining markets abroad for our primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 tons, compared with the previous 12 months, and this year’s figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competition by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisa tion Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs manv pence a lb. more than in Great Britain, where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the general community is, therefore, lower than here. In most European countries the position is worse: and in Den mark dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, instead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian butter producers lies within the Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our population. At present the Australian custo mers of our dairymen include 500.000 factory workers. With their wives and children they pro bably number well over 2.000.000 persons. They, and other mem bers of the community, do not object to paying more' than the English consumer for their but ter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, either, is raised to the exchange rate, set as its present level en tirely to aid the primary pro ducer. It results, however, in 25 per cent, extra being paid by the community for every article im ported, and costs the taxpayers many millions more per annum in the settling of our overseas interest bill. It also gives the dairj man another 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bring ing into line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already estab lished here, are required in Aus tralia. Our secondary industries offer the best means of providing for new arrivals who would be customers, not competitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Bri tain is declining, and a world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not secured now it would be impos sible to do so later.—Paul Cheyne. 