LOCAL MARKET BEST TN tho recent remarks of the General President of the Primary Produc-, ers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.), an other indication is given of declining ?markets -.abroad, for our primary produc-. ers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports 0° butter' into the United Kingdom' for 1936 had fallen 20,950 tons compared with, the previous -twelve months: and this year 's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low pric&3 of butter inOrej^ Britain resulto.-i from competition, by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of: .the Commonwealth Dairy Produce 'Equalisation ' Committee, also ? believes -'that .there is danger, from the same, source should butter prices Tdo increased -in. England; In Australia ' butter costs many pence a lb. more than in Great Britain where wages are not so' good and the purchasing- powcr^'of the general com munity is, therefore, lower than here. In most European countries the position is worse; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, instead margarine. It would seem that the best reliance- for an extensive ; and well-paid market for Australian butter' producers, lies within the .Commonwealth itself.; Every effort should.' be made to' increase our popu lation.. At present, the Australian cu.--. tomors of our dairymen include 500, 000 tactory workers. With their wives and children they probably number, well over 2,000,000 persons. They, ? and' others members of the community- do not object to paying .more- than 'the English consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live -like the Danish iproduccr does. No objection, either, is raised to the exchange rate, sot at its present level entirely to aid 'the primary producer. It- results, however, in 2 5 per cent, extra being paid by the community, for every article imported; and costs 'the tax-' payers many millions more per annum in the 'settling of our overseas interest bill. It also gives the dairyman an 25 per .cent.- more for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia the .prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are required in Australia. Our secondary industries offer the best means' of pro viding for new arrivals who would .be customers, not competitbts, of the far mer. Population in Great Britain is declining and a world authority recent ly .-stated that if British immigrants were not secured now it would be im possible to do so later. — Paul Cheyne. 