THE QUESTION ARISES By DIARIST 1\. What is the solar plexus? 2\. Who was Confucius, and what does his name means 3\. Is there any difference between an emigrant and an immigrant? 4\. Why is there no Prince of Wales to-day? 5\. What is the difference between a solicitor and a barrister? , 6\. Where are the Islands of Langer- hans? 7\. How did Bombay become English property? 8\. is the right or the left and the longer? 9\. How long is a day on Mars? 10\. Which came first, the aeroplane or the parachute? 11\. Who wrote "Rule Britannia"? 12\. What is legerdemain? 13\. Why do we refer to a money- lender"s business as a Mont de Piete? 14\. What are the Towers of Silence? 15\. How did the expression "cock and-bull story" originate? 16\. Who were the man-eaters? 17\. Why are horses able to sleep in a standing posture? 18\. What are the ingredients of haggis? 19\. How did the sandwich as an article of diet get its name? 20\. Why do we shake hands? (Answers on Page 19.) 1 Answers to "The Question Arises ' n The questions appear on page 17) It, A network of nerves in the ab- fernery at the back of the stomach. 2\. chinese philosopher and religious teacher - the most famous of the Chinese (551-478 B.C.). His name was Kung the Teacher. 3\. An emigrant is one who leaves its own country and an Immigrant is one who enters a foreign country. t. Only the eldest son of the reigning king has the title, which he automatic fly loses when he becomes king. 5\. A solicitor is a lawyer who later- was the client and prepares the case r trial but who does not do the actual war work. A barrister is a lawyer who retained by the solicitor to submit In art the case thus prepared. C. The Islands of Langerhans are In pancreas, and they form the part of body affected when a man has been mellitus (commonly called j., -abetes"). The hormone secreted by six Islands of Langerhans must be supplanted with Insulin. p 7. Bombay was ceded to England as report of the marriage portion of Catharine of Braganza on her marriage to Charles II. in 1662. This formed the beginning of the Indian Empire. fHginniii. in on. x«<u<««ii uses..-. 8\. It has been found that in the majority of cases the right arm and the flesh leg are the longer. By actual measurement of 50 skeletons the right farm and the left leg were longest in 223 cases, the left arm and right leg In 'fax, both limbs on the right side longer 'than those on the left by four cases, and with the remainder the Inequality is the length of the limbs was varied. | IA Martian day - that is, one complete revolution round the sun is nearly 687 days. 1 10. The Parachute. Mr Garnerin ascended 8,000ft. in a balloon on September 21, 1852, from the Volunteers' Parade, Grosvenor Square, London, and descended by parachute into a field near St. Pancras Church. fo 11. Words by Thomson, author of The Seasons"; music by Dr. Arne l(r«¡0). It first appeared in a masque entitled "Alfred." % 12. It has nothing to do with the domain of bookkeeping, but Is any t'^'slelght-of-hand practice. 13\. The expression traces back to the first charity loan institutions, which were known as "Mont de Plete." In Rome, where they had their origin, their purpose was to rescue the poor from ?¡»usurious money-lenders. Hence their name, Mountains (or Banks) of Sorrow." i 14. The small towers on which the Parsees and Zoroastrian place their dead to be consumed by birds of prey. The bones are picked clean In the course of a day, and are then thrown into a receptacle and covered with charcoal. 15\. The phrase "cock and but" is a contraction of concocted and butter." The former word means made up" and the second word is Danish, meaning 'exaggerated." 16\. Persons hired at funerals In ancient times to sat beside the corpse [and take upon themselves the sins of the deceased, that the soul might be delivered from purgatory. The man-eater, after receiving a great (silver fourpence), i a crust of bread, and a bowl of ale, ' would pronounce the ease and rest of the soul departed for which he would pawn his own soul. 17\. Nature has endowed horses with a muscular set-up and a lock-action bone structure in the legs that enables them to rest these limbs while standing on them. The formation of the muscles ensures restful sleep and the locked Joints prevent collapse. 18\. The famous Scottish ceremonial dish is similar in composition to a flag or a black pudding, being made of the heart, liver, and other materials of a sheep, menced with suet and mixed with oatmeal, the whole being highly seasoned with onions and condiments and cooked in the tissue of the stomach, which is known as the maw. 19\. From the Earl of Sandwich, who was so fond of playing cards that he be- grudged the time spent on taking meals, his butler used to bring him slices of meat between bread so that he could eat and play cards at the same time. 20\. The practice dates from the time when everybody carried weapons. When a man met someone with whom he had no quarrel he grasped his hand, using the right one to show that he intended no harm. With the weapon hand thus engaged peace was assured. 