Labor in Gowper fa& BRINDLEY SPEAKS IN OORRIGO Mr. jA.. G. Brindley. ill*1 endorsed Labor candidate for tue Cowper elec torate, addressed a. large audience in tue Memorial Hall on Tuesday night. The chair was occupied by Mr. N. T. McCarthy. In his opening remarks, Mr. Blind ley said that he and Dr. Page came before the electors as representa tives of their respective 'machines' and neither could put into operation his personal ideas without the agree ment of his party— thus it was not a case of Brindley versus Page, but Labor versus the Government. Mr. Brindley went on to deal witli the question of national defence, and enunciated the Labor policy in that connection; a policy that aimed at making Australia independent of ov erseas assistance by the provision of an efficient air -«rce to protect the country from any aggressor. The present Government and the press suggested that a Labor Government under no consideration would assist in the defence of any part of the British Empiret Dr. Page had said Juat Mv\ Curtin had said that if New Zealand were attacked they would hot go to their assistance. Speaking a* Lithgow recently, Mr. Curtm said that he had never said that, and never would. The Labor Party did say that before the citizens of Aus tralia were made to go overseas, or asked to go, they would be asked to vote on the question. If New Zea land was attacked by an aggressor nation (Australia would regard it part of her own defence to go to the as sistance of New Zealand, as they would go to assist England in the ev ent of an attack by a foreign power. Sergeant Bowera: That's only splitting straws! Mr. Brindley replied that if Ens land decided to go to war against an other nation the people of Australia would be given the opportunity, by way of a referendum to say whether Australia, should enter the fray, li oil the other hand, England was at tacked by another power Australia would enter the conflict without re ference to the people of the nation. It was not unreasonable to ask a country which had lost 60,000 of her best sons to choose whether they go overseas or not. At the present time they had no concrete system of de fence, and on October 23 the ques tion would be asked of 54,000 souls in Cowper, all within reach of the ganfire of an aggressor, 'Did Dr. Page seek to give tehm an air force or a bomb proof shelter?' The years and defended the action of the Government in leasing the Cockatoo cock to a private syndicate for 20 years adn defended the action of the Federal Labor Party in opposing the handing over of the Newnes shale oil development to the same syndicate as controlled the dock. There should be worked as national enterprises so that Australia could build her own ships and provide fuel for defence purposes. He also criticised the working of the rich' iron ore deposit at Zampi Sound by anyone outside Australia. SperJring of the problems of prim ary producers, the speaker asked what had the Government done roi the dairyman in the drought last sear? It refused to afford any relief at all to stricken farmers. What had it done in regard to three-days' sick ness in cattle? Although it had been ascertained that the disease came to the country by way of mos quitoes in mail planes, the Govern ment would not even spend a fe\7 shillings on the fumigation of the planes on arrival in Australia. The The Government claimed that the primary producer had prospered since it came into office, but Mr. lirindlcy said he had made up thou sands of income tax returns for farmers, who were in no better con dition now than they were during the Scullin regime. It wes unfortun ate for the dairymen that Mr. Bruce had persuaded Dr. Page to accept a portfolio, for since then the U.O.P. had ceased to be a separate entity. Messrs. Page and Lyons had assisted the wool and wheat farmers but the dairy farmer for seven long terms !-aj only been hoodwinked by the Federal Government. He had seen children dull-eyed going into the cov,- yards and dull-eyed coming from school, and for nine long years the farmer had been working and niakine no improvement. The Labor party hoped to provide a plan based on the New Zealand scheme, where by the farmer was guaranteed a fair return for his produce. In regard to the export of pig products, Mr. Brind ley read a letter (written to him by the manager of one of the largest bacon factories on the coast) alleg ing positive discrimination between N.S.W. pigs and those from other States, and claiming that the system of inspection was unfair. The lettev stated that in other States from 75 to 85 per cent. o£ pigs were passed for export, but in N.S.W. only 15 to 20 per cent, were accepted. The Lyons-Page Government had never tried, as the Labor party would, to fGrce other States to increase their butter standards up to the high choice percentage of NS.W., which was losing a vast amount of mone- through the blending of its butter with inferior grades. He instanced the case of a brother of a Kempsey resident who paid a visit to England. He found that Australian butter could not be Durchased. and con ceived the idea of selling Australian butter direct to the public at the same price as was paid for Danish butter. He started off with a motor cycle and sidecar, and so successful was his scheme that to-day he used 38 vans and employed over 300 hands. The increase in sales of mar garine was brought about by low purchasing power on the part of the people. Mr. Brindley spoke at length on benking, which, he said, was a vital matter involving the problems of defence and unemployment. It was the Fisher Labor Government which founded the Commonwealth Bank, and this institution under the control of Denison Miller provided £350,000 COO to send overseas an army re garded as the best trained and best eouiDped that a country of the size of Australia had ever put into the field. Just after the Bank was established Denison Miller gave the people the transcontinental railway free of debt by issuing notes which were destroy ed when they caine back to the Banfe. The Labor party claimed that under its control the Commonwealth Bank could in the same way (by issue oi notes) provide money for defence and unemployment. Each year that the Loan Council has gone to the Bank Board for a sum of money for the relief of unemployment it has been cut down by many millions of rounds, and the Labor Party suggest ed that this must be stopped. The speaker contradicted the Govern ment's claim that it had substantial ly reduced unemployment and quoted recent figures released by Mr. Dun ningharn which, he said, sLowed that ever 60,000 men were either out of vrork or earning a small sum from rationed relief work. The tragic part of it was that 23,000 of these were youths; who had never done a day's work. The last census showed that the parents of 40 per cent, of the children in Australia were receiv ing £1 week or less and that 50 per cent, of the parents received not more than £3 *- week. Infant and maternal mortality was a serious problem that the Labor party would tackle if returned to power, said Mr. Brindley, and he criticised the Gov ernment for its tragic failure to do something to safeguard the health of women and children. The figures showing the extent of malnutrition in children in this country were as tounding — of 1000 children aged from 2 to 6, examined by the Melbourne health authorities, only 17 per cent, were found to be without defects. The Lyons Government favored im migration on the basis of assisted passages — the Federal and British Governments to nrovide one-third each, and the relatives the other third, but the 'Manchester Guardian' pointed out that Britain has no farm ers to send and she has not suffici ent skilled artisans for her own needs. The Labor party declared that the best immigrant was a good healthy son of Australian parents. If they could raise £350,000,000 for war purposes it should be possible to raise, say, £50,000,000 to relieve the young children of the spectre of un employment. Mr. Brindley referred to a para graph published in the 'Herald.' At | Macksville he stated that when he vent into the campaign he was fully E.ware of the fact that at one time in the Cowper electorate the name of Labor stank but the press report us ed the expression in the present tense, instead of in the past tense. His disbelief in the plank favor ing subsidisation of denominational schools had been featured by the press as the reason why Mr. Mc Cristal had been refused endoise ment in this election. But no matter what personal opinions might be, Mr. Brindley declared that it could not matter 'one hoot' so far as a Federal election was concerned, be cause the question was purely one for the States which provided edu cational facilities. The Lyons Government had again made the charge that the Commun ists wore closely allied \\\iih the La bor Party. The speaker refuted this, and said the boot was really on the other foot. During the ItaloAbysslc ian war, when two Australian ships, were stripped for action in the Medi terranean, Mr. Lyons was congratul ated by the Communist party on his attitude in regard to the dispute and shortly afterwards when the Com p-unist party was charged with being ai: unlawful association the Crown v/ent to court and said it had no evi t'ence to offer. Further evidence of the Government's regard for Com munism was in the fact that the Post Office was still being used for the dissemination of Communist liter. ature of the vilest kind. Before leav ing this matter, Mr. Brindley said that the Roman Catholic Church was to be congratulated for its firm stand against Communism. Before inviting questions, Mr. Brindley said he was not concern ed with the result of the election in Cowper, and he would feel that he had served a good purpose if he prompted the people to rise up and show the Government that they were not satisfied to put up v/ifh the pre sent order of things. After satisfactorily answering sev eral questions. Mr. Brindley was ae crded a vote of confidence on the mo tion of Messrs. A. Devine and J Howard. In closing the meeting the chair man said that he had been informed that Mr. Brindley had received word just prior to the meeting that his wife had presented him witli twin daughters that evening. The candidate received the oon tratulations of all assembled. 'You know a motor cycle isn't so dear — it's the spare parts that cost the money.' 'I know that — especially the blondes.' * ? * 'Eggs are twopence each — penny the crackcl ones.' 'Crack me a dosen.' Jack: What did you' wife say when you got in from the clnb dinner last night? Bill: Not a word. T was goins to have my two front teeth pulled out, in any caae. 