LOCAL MARKET BEST. (By Paul Cheyne). In the recent remarks of the Gene ral President of the Primary Produc ers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of declin ing markets abroad for our primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of butter into 1 the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 tons compared with the previous 12 months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competi tion by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia, butter costs many pence a lb. more than in Great Bri tain where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the gen eral community is, therefore, lower than here. In most European coun tries the position is worse; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, in stead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian but ter producers lies within the Com monwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our population. At present the Australia^ customers of our dairymen include 500,000 fac tory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the British consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, either, is raised ? to the exchange rate, set at its pres ent level entirely to aid the primary producer. It results, however, in 25 per cent, extra being paid by the community for" every article import ed; and costs the taxpayers many millions more per annum in the set tling of our overseas interest bill. It also gives the dairyman another 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are required in Australia. Our sec ondary industries offer the best means of providing for new arrivals who would be customers, not compe titors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining, and a world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not secur ed now it would be impossible to do so later. Printed and published every Friday morning by the proprietor, LESLIE NOKE TILBROOK, at the office of the K&nunda; Herald, Hill street, Kapunda, South Australia 