PILGRIMAGE- AND THE NEED for OPEN DOORS Rev. H. M. WHELLER ON IMMIGRATION IN THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD POSITION ON a glorious June morning under the shadow of .the ancient castle of Dover we stepped for the first time on to English soil. It is jndeed difficult to capture the feelings of those moments, not that they were too fleeting but rather too pervasive. As England, the land of our fathers, the rock from which we were hewn, vyelcom.ed us that morning, we felt like . " pilgrims returning after a long pilgrimage THOSE cliffs and that grim old castle have seen many venture forth and return and we felt ourselves to be part of a never-ending procession. reveries were cut short by the strident call of the boat train and within a few minutes we were in the country midst the green fields of 'Kent. All that we had heard and read of the English countryside opened out before our eyes. Above and around us the clear sky and fragrant air and before us the buttercups and the daisies, the delicate tint of the green sward and leaves of the trees alike glistening in the sunshine, the young lambs playing around their mothers and even the indis pensable cow rejoicihg in an abundance of luscious grass, all seemed to unite in bidding us welcome. Our breakfast that morning was a leisurely affair— there was so much for our eyes to drink in, and for our minds to receive that it was easy for the coffee to get cold and the toast to be for gotten. And all the way ;to Londort town tne beauty of Kent held us captive and even within the magic circle of the great city flowers from a thousand window-sills greeted us. We knew we were in a land of beauty and of people who love the lovely things of nature. LOVELINESS OF ENGLAND GO where' you will, once outside the great cities you travel through what can truly be described as an un ending garden. Again and again you feel that there can be nothing quite so good, only to be lifted into further ecstacy of spirit over some fresh revelation of beauty. One evening we motored through one of the charming dales of Yorkshire on to Ilkley and Bolton Abbey, and it seemed as if England could have no thing further to offer us. But tjien we had not seen the Trossachs, nor Fately Bridge, nor Canterbury, nor Devon nor Cornwall— neither had we seen Windermere. There was one evening at Winder mere when the veil between the transient and the eternal became well nigh transparent. The day had been unusually hot and sultry, and some where about 7 o'clock a storm broke over the lake and town. An hour later, when the storm had completed its work of purification, we walked out into the cool of the even ing to find all things refreshed and illumined with the glory of the aettlng sun. The air was so rich with wan dering fragrant perfumes that it seemed to be none other than the wine of life. There was a strange quiet, perchance here and there the evensong of a bird at evening devotion could be heard, which only deepened the con sciousness that over the whole scene- hills, trees and lake — there rested the peace of God. Do we not read in an ancient record that "God walked in the garden in the cool of the evening." I think that God must have often walked with Wordsworth as he walked from one enchanted place to another disturbing him "with the joy of ele vated thought." Ullswater — Winder mere — Rydnl Water — Grass mere — magic names all of them. GREATNESS OF ENGLAND WHO can measure the greatness of this, little strip of coun try in the affairs of the world. It would take us too far afield to attempt such a measurement. The one abiding secret of her great ness is in this fact — -the soul of the nation is sound. Indeed there seems to dwell within the life of this people a perennial spring which renews and nourishes those quali ties of mind and spirit, those virtues of courage and endurance which have, given her pre-eminence in the councils of the world. More than once she has surprised the world and put to shame her detractors. She has been declared decadent, ready for dissolution, and then under the impact of some crisis such as the Great War the semblance of deca dence disappears and she is again clothed with power and authority. Not many nations could have handled the crisis of last December with such distinction. Like a good ship well handled she comes to and made the desired haven. The secret of this achievement is primarily in the national character, which finds its expression in the men in high places. The character of her public men is one of England's greatest assets. The nation is very sensitive about this matter of character and regards it as indispensable for appointment to any important public position. Happily, men of wholesome ways of life are avail able for the service of the State. The whole structure of English lire seems designed chiefly for the culture of character, and the average English man has s sound practical philosophy of life and duty. The Great Public Schools and the Universities with their . \ traditions and training for public ser vice have served and are serving the nation well. Nor must we overlook the most potent factor of all the free unfettered institutions ., and ways of religious thought and worship. It is a truly great thing for a nation to produce the men who have guided and are guiding us through this perilous post-war period. FRIENDLINESS OF ENGLAND I KNOW some Aus tralians who will not . support this impres sion without at least con siderable reservations. , They have been received with cour tesy and dismissed with courtesy. They have discovered that the mere fact of being an Australian does not give them an all inclusive password, and yet I am sure it is right to de scribe England as .friendly, for be neath the surface there is a great wealth of kindness. The Londoner especially lq-an expert In the art of being courteous without being inti mate. He will quickly tell you the road to follow, "'the bus to take, and will gladly help you if you are in.: difficulties, but you must not presume too much. It is not done. - Vou must wait. He will be more friendly with the birds of St. Paul's and Trafalgar Square until he knows you. In the provinces there is greater freedom and many . times we were received with charming courtesy, the formalities disappeared under the influence of a genial cUp of tea. Your Englishman is ' quite as fond of his cup of tea as the Australian, and foundations were laid for friend ships of enduring quality. For my- self I make no secret of my experi ence that the charm of the English countryside has been matched with the charm of English courtesy and kindness, CENTRE OF A VAST EMPIRE TO an Australian it is passing strange that he meets with so little Empire consciousness in England. It appears that the average Australian is more Empire conscious than the average Englishman. If this is so I think it can be traced to two facts. We are on the outskirts of the Empire and we know — know more than ever Just now— that the continuance of those things which make Australia dear to us, and even our existence in Australia, depend upon our being an integral part of the Empire. To us the Empire is essen tial, apparently the average English man has rather hazy ideas as to whether we are essential to England. This feeling rests upon Inadequate information which leads to the second fact, that of the Press. Our Australian Press carries a large volume of Eng lish and Empire news— the English Press carries very little Australian news. With two or three notable ex ceptions the information supplied to English readers Is not only meagre, but likely to give a wrong impression. The result Is that there Is consider able misunderstanding about Australia. Of course, we cannot overlook the fact of distance. We are far away and the Continent is close at hand. There Is one point, however, at which there is keen interest. More than once I found myself wondering whether Don Brgdman should be re- garded as a liability or an asset. I shall declare for the asset — it is some thing to have Australia discussed even if it Is in the realm of sport. Of course. What I have written does not apply to an Increasing number who are aware of the implication of Empire and In this respect, we are most fortunate in our High Commis sioner) who is in the true succession of Empire builders. I wonder If Aus tralia knows how much she owes to Mr. S. M. Bruce, who is held in very high regard by English statesmen and by the members of the League of Nations. One returns to Australia re joicing in the , splendour of his own country and in the fact that she is a member of the noblest Empire the world ' has' yet known. HOME— AND SOME REFLECTIONS OUT of the mist of this morning th'e granite like heads of Sydney Harbour loomed up. Once again we are op our native heath. It was good to go away, it is good to -come home. Now for a few words about ourselves — / We have the privilege and responsi bility of administering a great continent —a task which calls for creative thlnkr . ing and planning. In these closing sen tences I want to refer to a most urgent .- , ; matter— that of immigration. While in England I was asked awkward ques- tions about the size and population ' of our country. The whole question must be viewed In the light of the world z position. As things are in Europe we have no ethical right to hold such a vast ' territory without putting it to more . c elfective use. One wonders 'how much longer we . , shall go unchallenged. We cannot af ford to tolerate delay. 'We need popula- ' tion and of the right kind. Cannot we . do something to secure the resumption on a decent scale of British immigra tion. There will surely not be any . question as -to the desirability of main- ' taining the 1 British percentage of . our „ population. We ought also to encour age Scandinavian people to come, to our land. Danish people in particular make excellent citizens. The time has surely arrived when we should also offer facilities to Germans ... who desire to settle in Australia. We , freely admit the part German settlers have played in developing Australia. and to encourage more to come would be a polite act in every way. It- would do- much to heal the wounds of the. past, it would relieve the' congestion in Ger - - many and thus allay much irritation and it would heln to solve our own - flic; problem. . .'"rrr I know there are domestic ' arguments: V of a weighty character against immi- "A gratlon, but Australians must study this — - subject not only as it relates to Aus-:';-iT- tralia, but to the world. If we accept-'-; Burke's dictum that "Great Empires and -;" little minds go ill together," we shaH'>'"-'F take the large, generous- way. / - In any case is it not de- : Wr , sirable in every way to meet the needs of the world by friendly overtures and to. ;f A A open doors, with friendly; 'J'L. ; hands rather than to wait -.5r ' until some awkward inter- ;! national situation arises ;in which our hands will be forced— maybe in k ruthless manner — to open the closed -.in-% doors? There is yet time; to' ! take this higher way. If I ;; have caught the spirit of the -u-s !' day aright we must stir our- V?'" . selves and without delay .3 ;; give heed to the things f3&. F which belong unto -pur peace. .. - flTfiTPTa Tin u i mm < ma r » -v n n . Wild Beauty of the English Lakes District. In the Trossachs 