? THROUGH AUSTRALIAN EYES. [By A. L. E. SPEHR]. Continuing Ms narrative as a member of the party of Australian producers who recently toured New Zealand, Mr Spehr writes:— . Leaving Wellington on Tuesday, February 9th, some of us were taken in a car by Mr Ray Brown, of the N.Zr- Coan and Mercantile Co:,- along the same route as that followed by the -main party, but ; occasionally making a detour to look at points of • interest. Passing through a long, and rather picturesque gorge, we approach ed the "sea on the west coast, and from the top ora hill 875 feet high, called £aekakariki, we viewed- an island called. Kapiti, which is.a sanctuary for birds, deer, and other ani mals. The island is* occupied by Maoris. Many years ago a Maori chief enticed a mainland tribe to the island for feasting, but treachery re suited in the visiting tribe bein_ •massacred, and, it is said/ the victims provided the viands for the feast. Prom the hill, a fine view is obtained of the seaside town bearing the same name. The railway from Wellington runs along the sea shore, thus avoid ing the construction of many tunnels. Paekakariki, by the way, means "the home of the green parrot." A good view of the South Island is also obtained from this hill. So far, the absence of even moderate sized' tim ber has been noticeable. The fences are constructed of silver pine, similar to our Australian native pine wood, but of a different leaf. Totara is also used for posts, furniture fittings, etc The first good land noticed was in s district called Te Horo, a rich flat with a carrying capacity of six ewes to the acre. This flat gradually merges into drier looking country, with a slight deposit of soil over a deep strata of pebbles, or shingles, as they are called here. These shingles are similar in appearance to our flint beach pebble. ' We saw a flax mill that had been abandoned and was being pulled down. " Flax is not grown to the same extent as. it used to be in New Zealand. A Maori -Settlement. Turning" off the : road; we ""went through Otaki, a town mainly peopled by . Maoris, who. run the public institutions of the community, such as racing clubs, institute, council, etc. The town has a population of 1,712 Unfortunately, Chinese are much in evidence in this town, and are intermarrying with the Maoris. A missionary station was established here in 1839, and it was here that Amihana. the son of the great fighting chief, Te Rauparaha, was educated and went out to preach the gospel to the. Maoris in their native tongue. There is an endowed native college here, and a historic and most interesting Maori church, built by Maoris in 184 e - The Totara logs which support the roof of the church down the centre of the' aisle are 50 feet long by two feet in diameter. Except that the bark has been taken off, they are just as taken from the forest, and are as sound as when first erected. These logs were floated and dragged 12 miles by Maoris under the supervision of Te Ranparalja, whose monument is opposite the church. The fittings and most of the furniture inside the church were all hewn out of full-size logs with the crude axes of the Maoris. The inside slabs! reaching to the full height of the walls, are about four feet wide, also cut and trimmed With crude a"xes from logs floated down the Manawatii riven The Bible \hsefl in. the services is in the Maori" language, and on'the altar are the words, "Areruia, Areruia, Areruia;" which our friend could not interpret, but probably they meant "Holy, Holy! Holy." .in. the church yard a burial ground contains tombstones which give both the English and Maori names of the deceased. The town of Otaki seems to depend mostly on market gardens, for which the Chinamen pay the Maoris up to £12 an acre as rent. The : off-spring of the Chinese-Maori mixture, does not do the fine Maori race much credit. Otaki beach is li miles from the town. - It is the sceneof the wreck of the ship. City of Auckland, which brought Mr Massey to New Zealand in 1870. She was lost in 1878. There were 240 immigrants on board, * all of whom were landed safely. • Rich Grazing Land. Leaving this interesting Maori town," we next had a look at Mr B. '.A. Small's fine Southdown stud, running on land for which he pays £2 per acre tent ..to the "Maori owner. AH the rich land we saw looked at its very best, owing to the phenomenal growth due to the rains in December and since. Mr Small calls his place Sandringham Cottage. He proved a very interesting gentleman, and it was"with reluctance that we eventually parted company. It is very difficult to get at the actual all-the-year carrying capacity of this rich , soil, but generally five to six sheep to the acre seems to be the limit, and, with conservation of fodder, about a cow to the acre. One man told us he kept 200 sheep on 18 acres, but there was less than 20 on it when he made the statement We are now in country with a 40-inch rainfall, and the usual dressing of super is 2J cwt We looked at a sale near a town called Levin, where-we saw a small lot of very old t t w d s M b n T " 1 s p fat Romney ewes make 21/5. All the sheep yarded were of poor class and type. Agricultural College. We .had a cup of tea at Levin, a good town with a population 2,659, and later joined the main party at Massey College. The Principal, Mr Perry, explained, to as that the college dealt with research &b; well as with experimental work. His staff gave us a demonstration of how to detect hairs in wool, using two pieces of wool, one showing a large percentage of hair and the other none at all, the pure piece of wool being almost invisible in the bath ofbenzoL The ins true tion many of ub have, received froin our Wool experts regarding medulla in wool now seems quite' wrong, for we were distinctly told, that only hair is medullated, wool being perfectly solid. I am not completely satisfied on this point, and have yet to learn {if wool is perfectly solid) how the serrations of wool obtain the yolk from the skin to .deposit it on the outside and on top of each fibre within the fleece. A fine herd of Black Poll cattle is kept on.the.farm, and we saw pasture that kept 5 ewes to the acre, rearing 125 per cent, of lambs, the first draught of which made 22/7, and the second draught 22/. The pasture research plots proved very in teresting. Seed from . all over the world is tested out for growth and bulk yield. Grasses highly prized in other parts of the world for yield and herbage do not always thrive so well on New Zealand soils. The college estimate of feeding value places rye grass first, cocksfoot second, white clover,..third, and red. clover or cow grass fourth. After , a very full day (and an exceptionally fine day regarding weather this locality, we were told), we landed at Palmerston North, a very fin^ town of 22,191 inhabitants. Pal merston North is the largest inland city in the North Island, and is well laid out, with wide streets. The large square in the centre of the city, planted with ornamental trees, shrubs, etc., covers an area of over 17 acres, through which the railway runs, and around which are situated most of the hotels, banks, shops and offices. In 1871, Norwegian, Danish and Swedish immigrants were settled here The town was first settled in 1870. • Ten Sheep per Acre Keaving Palmerston North on Wednesday; February 10th, we were told that we would 'see' the only- place where milk was obtained from bulls. The joke was that we passed through a dairying district with a town called Bulls. A little further on, in a district called Crofton, we met a Mr A. Phillips, who carries 1,000 sheep on 100 acres. . He showed us his. paddocks, mostly of seven-acre areas, on one of which we saw 700" Romney ewes, lopking well. He has 14 paddocks, and shifts his sheep every da^, that it is about 14 days before the same sheep return to the first pasture. On the occasion of oiir visit he was changing two flocks of sheep each.; day, the large' flofck and a 'smaUer*; one. Mr Phillips top dresBes each year with Eclipse" manure, which a mixture of 50 per cent blood and. bone, 10 per cent, super, 10 per cent ; guano,. la -per ceht', %sulphate_ of am : monia, 10 per cent, nitrate of soda; and 10 per cent, potash.. It costs : him' £6 5/ per toik. He'put oh a ton of lime to the acre for three consecutive seasons 10 years jigo, and since then he has used no lime. The pasture is ryezgraaa^ -white' l.ana reef clover, Timothy grass, and created! dog's ta31. He keeps 1,000 Romney Marsh breeding ewes, and averages 98 per cent, of lambs from South Down 'rams. Mr -PhHiips -came oik the farm 18 years ago, without preV Tioiis experience," arid" "kept on expert meriting. He drains his land witij buried earthenware pipes, 6,000 feet; of them, which carry the-water underi ground to a catchment daifc, and this provides the stock water.' It is pumped by an electric motor-into cement tank in ah elevated position; whence it is reticulated to . cement troughs in each of his 14 paddocks In New Zealand 1 they call footrot "scald," and Mr Phillips has tried all remedies, and believes coal tar to be the best. He gave 33/10 for two^ tooth Romney ewes, which now, as four-tooths, . are worth .45/. He sometimes buys a little foddfer, such as mangels, to tide him over a particularly bad period. His sheep were per fectly clean and well crutched, the first .sheep free of dags we had'seen up to date. Mr Phillips drenches, when necessary, with blue stone- and black leaf 40. He pays £14 3/ rates to the County council on an assessment of £27 per acre. This far mer answered all questions put to him so candidly,"and with such certainty, that the members of the party "were particularly impressed. Mr Phillips is a native of Lancaistershire. The rainfall on' this farm is about 40 inches. The country we have been" running through this morning. is principally used for dairying, and the Jersey cow predominates; in fact, one could safely say that over 80 per cent, of he cows Seen .are Jerfeeye. -. We,ran hrough a pretty town called Marton, ith a population of 2,735. It has aily newspaper, four banks, and everal hotels. It was called after arton (Yorkshire, England), the irth place of Captain Cook. The ame of a little one-horse town called urakina (population 360), means fallen tree." On November 22nd, 867, two divisions of mounted contabulary were seat to protect this lace from 600 Hau Han natives, aaid to prevent them marching to attack the town of Wanganui. There is a Maori girls' college at Turakina. Near to the town we inspected the property belonging to the late B. Simpson's estate, and managed by Mr Holt Simpson, who was a member of the farmere' party that visited South "Australia last year. The property at one time belonged to two brothers, and contained 15,000 acres. The plains House portion now consists of 4,000 acres, a good portion of which is very rough, and is not used, being overrun with gorse. With the exception of 100 acres of rising country, which. SEatf top.. dressed-.last year, the estate has nevpr received any super. The best portion is a river flat, where 2,000 Romney ewes are kept. Fifty per cent, of the lambs bred are sold off their mothers as fats; 600 dry sheep are also kept, and r 600 bullocks are fattened. The Turakina river runs through the property, and supplies water for the stock. No cultivation has been done on the estate for 70 years, and the stock depend wholly on natural grazing. The river overflowed the flat in a big flood 30 years ago, since when no floods have been experienced. On what may be described as a peninsula, in the bend of the river, we saw a large mound. ' This, we were told, is a relic of the Maori war. The Maoris were driven into the river bend, and they threw up this bank as a protection. Messrs Simpson Bros., sons of the former owner, do not drench their sheep, and have" very little trouble with. footrot Their ewes clipped 9 lbs. of wool, and the hoggetts 10 lbs. They use Matthews rams, and the wool we saw looked good. A Mr Low manages the sheep, and the fact that the estate has no sown pastures, and that no super is used, interested the party, for the sheep were in fine condition, and the bullocks a picture. The rainfall is 40 inches. (To be Continued). 