LABOR'S CAUSE. MR. A. G. BRINDLEY AT TAREE. There was a large crowd in Victoria St., Taree, on Friday night and many of these took advantage of the oppor tunity to hear the views of the Labor candidate for Cowper, Mr. A. G. Brind ley, who is opposing Dr. Page, the sit ting representative. Mr. D. O'Brien presided aud intro duced the candidate, who is a solicitoi practising at Kempsey. Mr. Urindley stated that it was not a matter of Page v. Brindley, but the greater issue, that of Labor v. the Lyons Government. The candidate quickly moved on to defence matters. He referred to the collective security and Australia linking up with England and France. If returned to power the Labor Party would not engage in a war outside Australia without first having referred the question to the people of Australia, who should say what should be done under such circumstances. Geographically, Australia was the most isolated country in the world. It had been said during this election, by op ponents, that if New Zealand was at Party, if in power, would not go to the assistance of the sister Dominion. Mr. Curtin «aid if the people of Australia said so they would go to the defence of New Zealand as the defence of Aus tralia. If England was attacked they would go tolier defence, but if England was the attacker the Australian people would decide the question. In Australia they had only 7,-iU0,000 people, and in Cowper 52,000 adults. He asked what provision was there In Cowpev for de fence.' They did not have one canon and not one aeroplane for defence pur poses. Not one inch in the electorate of Cowper was out of range of an enemy at sea. If returned to power the Labor Party would develop the sbale oil resources. His party held that an important part of the defence of Australia should not be in the hands of private enterprise, for they did not know when a conflict might come. Passing on, Mr. Brindley said he had followed his profession in Cowper for nine years. Although the depression existed in 1931, as far as he could see there was little or no differ ence now, except that it might be a little worse. He had made out very many tax returns for farmers and others, so he knew the position of many people. The electors would have, to decide between Dr. Page and him self. There was no differentiation be tween the U.A.P. and the U.C.P. — lh?y were the same party. Mr. Bruce had persuaded Dr. Page to accept a port folio and from that time on there ceased to be a Country Party. They now belonged to the U.A.P. It was stated the other day on behalf of the Composite Government that it had benefited the graziers by £1S,000,000, but what did it do for the dairy farm ers wheu the three days' sickness , canle? Was there any party fighting for j tho dairy farmer? he asked. In the i nine years he had been in Cowper he j had not seen any improvement in the j position of the dairy farmer or his children. He was forced to work th? childhood of his family to live. He was not receiving what he should for his labor and he was being exploited. The Labor Party hoped to provide a plan based on the New Zealand scheme, whereby the farmer was guaranteed a fair return for his produce. In regard to the export of pig products, Mr. Brindley read a letter (written to him by the manager of one of the largest bacon factories on the Coast) alleging positive discrimination between New South Wales pigs and those from other States, and claiming that the system of inspection was unfair. He said that while other States exported 75 to SO per cent, of pig products New South Wales sent away only 15 to 25 per cent. There was positive discrimination against the N.S.W. pig. He (.Mr. Brind ley) asked his hearers did that man write the letter merely for the benefit of his election campaign, or was he telling the truth? The platform of the Country Party was drawn up without the producers being heard. It was adop ted by the parliamentarians who had become the masters of the people and not their servants. If Labor could not govern lietter than that, then God help them. Proceeding, Mr. Brindley said the Lyons-Page Government had never tried, as tile Labor Party would, lo force other States to increase their butter standards up to the high choice percentage of N.S.W., which was los ing a vast amount of money through the blendiue of its butter with in ferior grades. In addition to the New Zealand scheme ol guaranteed returns, the primary producer should have back the Commonwealth Shipping Line, which, after earning profits of £4,000,000 had been sacrificed be cause it lost £500,000 in one year dur ing a shipping slump. The loss of these ships had resulted in higher freight rates for primary produce. The Fed eral Government was not sincere when it appointed the Banking Commission, or if they were, why did they not adopt some of the recommendations in the report. Speaking of the marketing of butter In England, he referred to the success a man named Buckley made of i selling butter. He had been at the job j three years. He started in a small ) way and now had 38 V8 utilities and 300 employees. He was selling Aus tralian butter at the same price as Danish. If one man could do that on his own, why was it that the Common wealth Government could not 'do as well? In Annandale 50 tons of mar garine were being manufactured : weekly and sold because the people could not afford to pay the higher price for butter for tlieir children. When tlie Composite Government was I asked to have margarine colored blue, 1 green or yellow, it refused to do it. The people were living in a false para dise. Prices wer.e no better than they : were in 1931. If the existing false prosperity crumbled, the position would be a very parlous one. The Labor Party held that the Government must have more money, and they sug gested that it should he obtained from the Commonwealth Bank. If returned the Labor Party would abolish the Bank Board and put in its place a governor. They would do what Deni son Miller did. When he was asked where the assets were, he replied tbat they were the natural resources of the people. He raised £350,000,000 for war purposes. The findings of the Banking Commission were distasteful to the Government and they were not adopt ed. The Banking Commission bad no leanings to the Labor Party. Tlie money in that bank should be used and controlled by the Government. In regard to employment Mr. Briud ley said there were 60,000 men who. were not really employed, as they were only getting an average of £2 Is per week. Workers could not provide their children with the necessary things of life. Those were things al most as vital as the defence question. 1 The Federal Government had been in power for the last six years and that 3-roblem had not been tackled. When Mr. Lyons spoke of wanting skilled labor, the 'Manchester Guardian' said England had no farmers available as Immigrants and skilled artisans were very few. The only people they could send out would be unskilled people. He (Mr. Brindley) said the best immi grants Australia could have would be the sons of good Australian fathei-3 and mothers. The petrol tax was put on to provide farmers aud others with good roads, but out of the £8,000,000 raised only £3,000,000 was spent iu this way. If the Labor Party was re turned that tux would he reduced to bring in £3,000,000. Mr. Brindley went on to say that the 40-hour week was one of tlie plauks of the Labor Platform. If his Party was returned they would give effect to it in the Federal sphere. The meeting closed with a vole of thanks to the speakers and the chair man. t ? 