Topio^^dlfe Xn the .course of « -Mew, 1 1 .yf r^ear message M. J. Savage, New. -? ??**§^'-Beda8§ .Labor Prime Minister, said ; - ItVis r^^i^/ both locally and abroad, : that the' ; Dominion is conducting social V changes the success of which must have far-reaching effects in many other parts .. of the: world. 'By remaining true to democratic ideals, and by success in their ' application,' added the Prime Minister, i 'the Dominion can point the way .to peoples with similar aspirations.' The way is pointed, undoubtedly; but it is safe to say that, as Savage and his Govern ment have fought, and more or less de feated, the big local private financial in stitutions, the Money Power elsewhere will regard such success as a danger signal to its 'continued existence and activities, with the result that it will organise and conspire more keenly than ever. . 'Did you have a good time away, Mr. Grumble?;' ? 'But-i didn?t go away on the holidays, Jimmy.' 'That's funny. I heard mum say. that you and! Mrs. Grumble were at loggerheads all the holidays.' XXT S.: Tom Smith, Labor member for A* » ? Normanton (Yorkshire) in the Brit ish House of Commons, who is now visit ing Australia, has no illusions about im migration. Speaking to press represen tatives in Sydney last Monday he said: 'It is (amazing how much blather is talked i in the British Parliament about dumping surplus millions in Australia's wide open spaces.' This shrewdly-discerning visitor ; went on to say: 'It is wrong to discuss migration in . terms of millions; and, any how^ -Australia still has her own unem ployment problems.' Some more of this Labor member's irrefutable logic: 'If a man is happily employed in England, he does not want to come to Australia. If a man in England is unemployed, or over 60, you do not want him here. That is the position. A man's willingness to come oiit here depends on what is offering for him.' Let us wait and see if the Millions Club ? and other immigration -boosting bodies will invite Tom Smith to address their members, or will conveniently ignore him. -& ? ? ... i GUNDA: Prime Minister Lyons is nothing if not parochial. At Devon- i port (Tas.) last Monday he announced that the Commonwealth ' Fuel Adviser , (L. J. Rogers) would arrive in Laun- ' ceston on January 12 to investigate the i possibilities of the production of bitumen i from Tasmanian shale. According to Lyons it is claimed that bitumen can be . produced for about £6 a ton, whereas Mr. Rogers's previous estimate was £8/7/- i a ton. However, the point of Joe's un conscious joke is that if the industry were developed to its present possible maxi mum' it would provide employment for only 60 men. No doubt 60 of Tasmania's many unemployed would be thankful for the jobs indicated; but surely the develop ment referred to. shows that Joseph, the Labor renegade, hasn't got far away from the environment of the parish pump. ...... o ? ' ? ????'? 'vr-RAY: The Sydney Tory- Press makes ; ? a speciality of jubilating whenever the Sydney Stock Exchange reports brisk ? business. But, as a matter of fact, the .. deals made in the Exchange are no true criteria of what is actually occurring in . the business zones outside of its walls. \- For, after all,- where there are shares for sale there are gamblers. There is the eternal battle of wits — with the Goddess of Chance always in the near vicinity— between the 'bulls' and the 'bears'; and . many of these so- called deals are just . about as truly indicative of genuine. * prosperity as; when a. lucky gambler in a two-up school throws, or. calls, a long 'trot'' of 'headsJT : T\ W.: The visit to Australia of a leading ?^? British textile -manufacturer j- to in vestigate the cotton-growing possibilities in various portions of the continent, should inspire local growei& to present a strong case for their industry. For big cotton crops would inevitably mean big local cot ton mills and other concomitant factories, all of which would employ many expert operatives, besides other people incidental, but essential, to the industry. The Scullin Government was very much alive to the potentialities of such developments, but, alas, the Lyons gang seems to have over looked the fact that local industries, and the multitudes they might employ, are really worthwhile. . V XT -RAY : A special meeting of the Par liamentary Association, to be held in Sydney shortly, will decide who will be the N.S.W. representative at the Corona tion shivoo in London next May. It is rumored in political circles that E. A. But tenshaw, Minister for Lands, formerly Acting-Premier and ex-leader of the Country Party, will be the recipient of the juicy plum. Premier Stevens visited Lon don last year in the course of his world jaunt, and although he has received an invitation from the Empire Parliamentary Association he states that he will be un able to go. Probably he now rather re grets that he went abroad last year, re alising that it would be 'oyer the odds' to go expensively tripping again so soon after, his 'return. At anyrate, whoever goes, it is certain that the picnic will not be financed out of his own private pocket. O TKT S.: According to a Sydney Tory ? weekly, even if by some chance the next Federal general elections favor the Government, 'it is unlikely that Prime Minister Lyons will survive the machina tions of the U.A.P. Party managers.' Ad mittedly for years we have been reading ^.nd hearing more or less similar predic tions of Lyons's political effacement, but with the Labor renegade still holding his position. However, joe's luck, by the laws of gambling averages, cftn't last much longer, and eventually he will be side tracked without any permanent Tory gratitude for the servile service he has rendered them. . . . O \ USTRALITE : Japanese buyers re , entered the wool sales in Sydney and Melbourne last Tuesday for the first time in seven months. Their bidding was so i brisk that prices soared to between 10 and 1 15 per cent, above those ruling in Decem ber. The increases were approximately equivalent to 2d. a pound, or about £2/15/ a bale.' After the sales it was estimated that the unsold wool in Sydney alone will produce a net gain of £1,500,000. Thus apparently the Japanese buyers have over looked the 'set' against Japan by the Lyons Government in favor of John Bull. [Jitra-imperialism might be excusable if it produced extra profits for our pastoralists, but when it offends and antagonises one of Australia's best woolbuyers, surely it Is time that some of our alleged states men subjected themselves to a diagnosis carried out by commonsense. I ... . T\ W.: According to Sir Archdale Park * hill, Federal Minister for Defence, further progress has been made in build ing up the strength of the local militia forces. Those enlisted up to December 16 last, : he said the other day, numbered 33,795, while a week later the total was 33,923. But, unfortunately, the perky Parkhill refuses to inform us just why even one of these enlistments is deemed necessary. He never names a probable enemy. Why the secrecy? Does Parkhill know of something? If he does, why doesn't he make his information public? Secrecy was never a. good asset in public life, and it is infinitely worse when it Involves the lives of Australian youth. O 'XT -RAY: Probably when all the bitter ness engendered by the abdication of King Teddy has passed away, the state ment made by Ben Tillett, the veteran British Labor leader, will be appreciatively remembered. That statement contained the following: 'I regret that the great little gentleman, who has just left us, did not say in his farewell address what he thought of people wishing to do some thing else than the things he wanted to see done.' Ben was an oratorical force in Britain in his heyday, and his visit ito Australia many years ago -.was one of | the big events of the period. i ? — — — ? ? ? ~ ' 1: A USTRALITE: Speaking the other day 7 of the changes that axe likely to occur a in the next 100. years, Premier Butler of ^ South Australia referred to the liberty of r the individual, which, he said, must be c preserved. 'The politician from whom we g have most to fear,' he added, 'is the one ^ who would take unto himself the right ^ to supervise and control the daily lives ^ of the people.' Well, tiie only political dictator in Australia— except for one or . two State egotists who never really seri ously mattered — was W. M. Hughes dur- - ing the Big War period. Hughes wanted to control the lives of Australians. He is now a member of the Federal Ministry, and Butler's silence on the subject has been of the kind that might be expected from the Sphinx. ?. ? -- ' GUNDA: In the course of his New Year's Eve broadcast message to Australia and Britain Prime Minister Lyons said: 'In a few minutes the old ^year in Australia will have died, and we shall be 'on the threshold of the new. May the coming year be equally prosperous and peaceful.' . But Joe omitted to mention the fact that for scores .of thousands of Australians there was no semblance of prosperity during the year that has gone, and no likelihood of it materialising . in 1937.' In the circumstances, it .is regrettable that the Labor apostate didn't hand over the microphone to a representative of the vast local army of unemployed. If he had done so a very different message — and an infinitely truer oner-would have crossed the spaces between here and the headquarters of John Bull. .-.j-,' o ..' V-RAY: Sir George Julius, chairmam of ?^V. the Commonwealth Council for Scien tific and Industrial Research; stated /last Saturday that the report' on 'the organ isation of secondary industries in Aus tralia, which probably will be ready by the end of the preserit month for presen tation to the Commonwealth Government, will recommend improvement of efficiency in existing industries, and the establish ment of new ones. The recommendations may have much to commend , them. But, alas, there are hundreds of expensive1 re ports pigeonholed in Australian Parlia-i mentary buildings, with only spiders to guard them. Moreover, a report isn't' a governmental decision. In fact, it often saves a Government from doing anything at all, except saying that it insisted on the pigeonholed report being made. ' -- . XTroODSTOCK: a cablegram from Lon '' don last week stated that 6n the very first day after the expiration of the Washington and London naval treaties Britain started laying the keels bf two huge battleships. Also came, as an ad dendum, the news that at least two more, probably identical with the aforemen tioned pair, will be- tinder construction during the present year. As usual, tho explanation for this increased battleship construction is that other nations are adding to their navies. Presumably the other nations will reply by making further additions to the numbers of their war ships. And so the foolish business goes on— with money expended in it that couid much more sensibly be spent in adding to the wages of the workers, and the better thent of their industrial and social1 con ditions. *.'? '? ? V . V ? 'D URALITE : Prime Minister Lyons and ^ his Government 'continue to prate about the potential advantages of imperial trade. But, come -to analyse facts and figures, there are some big .obstacles in the way. For . example, the freight charge on wheat consigned from the Argentine to London is 3*d. a bushel, while the- cost between Australia and ; London is from 7d. to lOd. Further, ~ Danish butter is conveyed to London for £1/5/- a ton, but the Australian producers are required to ante up close on six times as much. These are the kinds of anomalies that arch-imperialists of - the Lyons, .Earle Page and Bruce kidney never attempt to exgla^— not ; even when ;$he private ship ping concerns declare : huge dividends, apaxt from the profits tlaa.t they have either, camouflaged or hidden. i : V '. ' ' . ~ V-RAY: Blahop Biirgmann, the Ooul burn .(N.S.W.) AngUcaar-preiate, in variably can be trusted to democratically analyse and assess social problems and be unequivocally candid in his statements. . In a Newv Year iriessage, speaking as President 'of the Legion of Christian Y'outh, he declared that toe Church oc'ca sionally gets excited over sins of the flesh, -? but the world and the Devil have a free ?and. 'For instance,' he added, 'the rorld can impose its slums and its poverty '? nd its disease on millions, and get away; - rith it. The protests of the Church are ; elatively few and feeble. The Devil also. v an drown the world in hatred and ;., laughter, and the Church is just one of ., he bewildered throng.' Bishop Burg- ' nann's survival as a prelate is remarkable, lonsidering that even a King, of England .. lould be, in. effect, deposed for express-! ng similar, but much milder, opinions. 'The devil was buried to-day, dad.'* 'How do you know that?' ' 'Mum and I saw a funeral pass, and ' one man said to another, 'Very feW will be sorry that old devil died.' ! - . - r^UCA: The Australian pastoralists as a class ostensibly shudder, at the merest mention of State ^Enterprise. They, profess to .be stickers., for dependence. Consequently, it , is, sotae? what surprising to learn that many 'of bhem are trusting to, . the Council' for Scientific , and Industrial Research, with, its modern laboratories and field work, to at. least check, if not absolutely end, bh$. rayjag^s of 'ip.e ^i'o^fiy pe'|t/ ,'^e]alb^» , litioBj' yast/^di^^^ tions to the 'baiik; balances of tfee pa^tor^i^ Ists. ' Yet If^siich.-abplMon'^ex^ Effected: the probability is that they would pr&tfer; ' no gratitude to tiie State Enterp|rise that: represented the difference between tlieir ? failure and their success. ; . .. O ... . r- r ^GRICOLA: From Ottawa coniies the iri | teresting news that a perennial wheat has been discovered; It. is s^ted that it' ' fnay be possible for the farmer to reap5 a harvest year after year without planting fresh seed. If the statement isn;t! a qanaiB, the average farmer will be ' able to dispense with a lot of now essential i$bor. But, on the other hand, if the hew wheat renders hired labor unneces sary, it will be difficult to vmderstand just how and where the old : ordinary; market for wheat will be provided. For it is beyond question that if :there are no^ wages paid the now-existent purchasixig power, such -'aW it is, mtist ; aut^maticaily' disappear. * ? ?????''? o ?pvEEWHY:: Despite all the. ,. noisy , talks about the recent Christmas and. New: Year season- in Sydney being far ani! away the best for many years, the, fact remains that growers of vegetables found that the supplies were enormously, greater thaii the demand. On December 29 in the Sydney markets there was a carry-over . of 45 tons of cabbages^— verily many cab bages when the .tons are . expressed in terms of single heads. It would be in teresting to interview some of these cabbage-growers, and get their candid opinion of the Christmas and New Year that, allegedly, were synonyms of- pros-1 perity. ' ~ ' ? O ~ '- 'Vr-RAY: The 'prices of lead and other metals are higher than they have been for many, years. As a result, Broken Hill and- Mount Isa shares have Vastly appreciated in value, The'chief explan ation is the increased $nd ever-growing demand on the part of armament man ufacturers. This metal- boom certainly ad va;ntages certain interestis in Australia, and at the. same time provides extra em ployment.' But ail the same it is a boom . which, whil6 it may square with the catch* at-cateh-can rules of modern commer cialism, doesn't by any means tally .with, the tenets of, anything that can ^ -un-1 derstood as Christianity. 