MAURICE DEKOBRA'S In the third instalment of his "Confessions of a Man of the World" the author of "Madonna of the Sleeping Cars" tells us about those card-players in the liner; that little lady who wants* you to "snap" her; the sun-bather on the Lido. He knows all about them. WAS born with a longing to travel; just as others 1 are born with a love of poker, cricket or base | ball. My life as a journalist and an international novelist has happily allowed me to satisfy this taste, which was very rare among Frenchmen before the war. For, as everyone knows, the French were a people who stayed in their own country, and were always asking i'or more bread at the table. The attraction of travel lies in its surprise, and we all love an element of surprise. For happiness lies in the word tomorrow, but the word yesterday is full of sadness. If I were asked to give two pieces of advice to She was lying like a dab 011 the sands at the Lido. She gave ine a very clever definition or a falsehood. travellers of the Continent I should say: First of all, learn English. Secondly, if you travel alone take a return ticket. If you are accompanied by a lady take a single. One never knows what may happen. Another word of warning.' Don't trust shipboard acquaintances. However strong may be your love of cards, don't play bridge with strangers. People who pretend to be very simple are very often more wide-awake than one is apt to imagine. An American cardsharper one day on board a boat going i'rom New Orleans to Havana drew ray atten tion to a party of bridge players. He whispered: "Watch that fat man's ear." I watched it very carefully and I noticed that it moved slightly. Then the American added: '"He has just signalled five trumps to his partner." About- Cameras OUGHT one to carry a camera? At Luxor one day, in the Valley ol the Kings, a charming little English lady offered me her Kodak saying: "Oh, I wonder if you would be so good as to snap me in front of the tomb of rut-Ankh-Amen." "With pleasure, mademoiselle." I took one, two, three snaps; we exchanged our names and addresses. Six months later I saw the young lady in Paris. She ran up to me, saying: "Oh! Monsieur, I cannot thank you enough for having taken my photograph in Egypt." ' That Shadow Oh! Mademoiselle, that was nothing!" Yes, indeed it was. What do you think! vVhen I got back to London I had my film developed and showed the prints to Lancelot, iiy fiance. He frowned, and asked me coldly: 'Whose shadow is it I see on this photograph. . . Some man you've been flirt tn5f with, Kathleen?' We had a violent argument. I pro tested. Lancelot flew into a terrible passion. ' saw at once that he was impossibly lealous." "And so, mademoiselle?" "And so, monsieur, thanks to you I broke off my engagement with the imbecile, and I have to thank you for having saved me from a deplorable mar riage." Recognised Inexperienced travellers have asked me if one really meets The Madonna of the Sleeping Cars type of woman in European expresses. In answer to that I. may say that after the publication of the novel I received more than 3000 letters from women of .'?all nationalities, who wrote me this style of letter: "I >am the heroine of your novel. ... 1 recognise myself as Lady Diana. How have you been able to describe ms so accurately?" One evening in a sleeping car I was talking to the attendant, who had been all over Europe with his eyes wide open. And for him the art of travelling had no secrets. He told me of surroundings that were favorable lo the birth of love. "Is.it easier to say 'I .love you' in a rocking chair in a French liner or 'la waas loublou' in a Caucasian caveau on 57th Street? . . . Love is a matter of environment. . . About Lies Whereupon I said to my genial attendant, as we emerged from a long tunnel: _ "Cosmopolitan ladies, whether they be Danish, Irish, or Czechs, will always be sus- : ceptible to masculine lies." One morning a society woman in a very scanty bathing dress was lying, like a dab, on the sands at the Lido, reading Oscar Wilde. When I asked her why she admired the immortal author of "The Ballad of Reading Gaol," she replied, as she toyed with the sand: "I adore Oscar Wilde because he praises false hood, and ti him lying is an art. Besides, a lie told at nine o'clock in the morning is sometimes a truth at midday." Draper Goes To See The World THE enjoyments of travel vary according to one's temperament, character and taste; according to whether you are nervous, suffering from arthritis, or are too full blooded.' I was told one day the story oi' a worthy citizen of Havre who had taken a pleasant voyage across the ocean; and I have never forgotten it. Monsieur D. was his name. He was the pro prietor of a small drapery shop in the famous Nor "VVatcli (lie fat itvan's cars wriggle." This is the man who went lo New York and back -by special arrangement. mandy port. At the age of fifty he retired, not rich, but comfortably provided for according to his modest requirements. He had neither wife nor child. Neither did he keep a cafe-concert lady. He had only one passion-travel. But as long voyages round the world were out of his reach he had to content himself by reading books of explora tion. This good man, accustomed 1.0 selling cotton socks with reinforced heels knew how Stanley had discovered the source of the Zambesi and Livingstone the mysteries of the Dark Continent. He would never have mistaken Karachi for a skin disease nor the Yang-tse-Kiang lor a brand of lea. One day after Monsieur D. had retired, and his leisure time allowed, he thought he would go to a little bar frequented by sailors. He became friendly with them, and particularly attracted to Alfred, the barman of one of the big liners. One day Alfred said to Monsieur D.: "What would you say to going to New York on the-nod?" . ' "Ah! my good friend!" "Listen," replied the barman. "My ship leaves next Saturday at two o'clock. Be on the quay at ten o'clock. While we are taking 011 the last, cases of whisky I will smuggle you aboard and hide you in my store room. "Once we are at sea all will be well. You will be able to land at New York, spend-a:iew days there, and come back to Havre in the sarhe way. without it costing you anything. Or at any rate, you need give me only two hundred francs for my trouble." The deal was scon concluded. Monsieur D. slept badly until the eve of his departure. Nervous and anxious, with a little package under his arm, he arrived at the landing stage, waited for a signal from Alfred and, with beating heart, slipped into the bowels of the huge vessel. This went on for four days. He was shut up m the store'room. One evening, when they were off the Banks of Newfoundland, Alfred opened his prison door and allowed him.to take a little airing on the boat-deck, hidden under one of the lifeboats. It was the only chance that Monsieur D. had of enjoying the Atlantic breezes. When they got to New York he asked his guardian when he would be able to land and visit the town. "I can't let you do that," replied Alfred. "The police at the docks are very strict, and might arrest you for breaking the im migration laws." His Big Chance Terrified, Monsieur D. went back to his store room. He remained there for anotKer five days, in addition to his return journey. He landed at last at the good town of Havre suffering from lumbago and rheumat ism in his knees. Six months had passed since his wonderful voyage. Monsieur D. was one of a card party at the Cafe des Voyageurs. His friends begin to discuss the New World. Then D. sat up. He stopped shuffling the ;ards. He raised his voice slightly and, with the confident air of a man who knows, he began: "When 1 went to America. . . ." 