[?] A League Labelled 'Independent' — *THE'lie»gue-xff-Wonien Voters met in Brisbane last week, and talked mainly in relation to the need for improvement in 'the economic status of women. Though Mrs. Williams, the president, a famous W.C.T.U. ad vocate, now is advanced -in ^rears,-sh& still exercises much verbosity on be — lra1i^t^lwhat~^r=^bThen's leagues usually terni 'the cause of women.' In her inaugural address at last week's conference Mrs. Williams complained that inequalities were im posed on women both under State and Federal laws, and that even though in some cases they were sup posed to be equal in theory, in prac tice they were not. Also the Com monwealth did not employ women on the same work as men; women were ? prevented from obtaining maximum salaries, and married women had been dismissed from the Government service. Of course, many persons whose logic and ideas of what constitutes justice sire quite equal to those of Mrs. Williams may not find any real injustice in the instances cited by her, if they base their judgment on the principle of 'one woman, one job,' and the economic fact that a competent married man maintaining a family has some rights of prefer ence, if only one job at maximum pay is available. Of course, Mrs. Wil liams had the 4nya»«blo Tory shot at the trade unions and industrial laws. That they hamper 'women is one of her old complaints to which the League of Women Voters lends a chorus rather thin in volume, cer ( tainly, but determined that its shrill notes shall be heard. In some other lines of endeavour the League should find general agreement among* hu mane persons, as in regard to illegiti macy and its argument that it is the parents and not the children who are illegitimate, and that all children should be legitimatised. The Commonwealth Government also came under the lash because its recent grants to the States for the vocational training of youths were on behalf of lads only, and' took no ac count at all of girls. A committee of the League now is engaged in formulating a scheme to place before the State Minister for Labour and Industry for the training of girls for employment. The presentation of a scheme that is really practicable would earn one bright feather for the Leaguers' cap. In the meantime it must be granted that talking is not the only activity of the little League of just a few women voters. * * * Denmark Trains Domestic Workers ?JTIERE has been a domestic workers' union in Denmark for nearly 37 years and latterly it has in eluded in its membership men as well as women. Right from its very foun dation the Danish Union of Domestic Workers has emphasised the necessity f-w pruper training of domestics, and it has now been arranged that a school ? for such workers shall ht- sPr. «p in Copenhagen at which girls of seven teen or eighteen, who are members of the organisation, may learn household work and cooking while enjoying free ? .-.board [a nd lodging for one year. A school on that plan has exiBted for some years, but it had accommoda tion for eighteen students only, and provided them with a~ home for six months only. It has always received State aid, but it also obtains income by running: its own boarding house and public restaurant, also shops in which the preserves and cakes made in the school are sold, aiyHt also has a laundry. The school employs six teen teachers, and provides courses in all branches of domestic work. It has evening classes, in ? various branches of cookery for non- resident students. Professional status for those who have had the advantage of the training which it affords is an other of its emphatic determinations, and it insists that no one who is not fully trained and competent is worthy of such status. The trained workers are all trade unionists — from the beginning of their training that is understood. The Dowvostic Workers' Union demands an eight-hour day at fixed rates of pay, overtime rates to be paid for any ex tension of hours. Summer holidays of twelve working days after one year's service and one working day for each month of service where em ployment has been for less than a year are features. An English woman journalist who has reviewed this Danish system praises it, but admits that there are difficulties in concluding working agreements, except in the case of em ployces of State and municipal insti tutions. * * * To the Skirl of the Pipes ]W ANY women as well as men at tended the welcome home to the Premier on his arrival at the inter slate railway station. It was a gathering marked by sincerity, and the Premier's impromptu speech struck the right note both for the occasion and the future. He had an intensely attentive audience which appreciated the whole of it, and which to a man and woman thrilled to his honest statement that in his travels he had seen no country to equal Australia. * # ♦ The Family Furniture DUYING furniture or other com modities on an instalment plan is a system which has its pros and cons, but, since the Queensland Par liament passed a bill dealing with the subject, the argument seems to have become more subdued. Some young couples still parody a certain old hymn about little things — drops of water, grains of sand, and moments, which, each according to their kind, make oceans, continents, and the mighty ages of eternity. 'Little weekly payments, Trivial though they be, Will buy a lot of furniture Just for you and me.' As long as the breadwinner keeps his health and his job, payments for reasonable tune- payment purchases usually can be kept up, and the sys tem has made many homes comfort able, and has increased many women's pride in housekeeping. Provided the clients of the hire-purchase system have steady jobs, and steady heads, and do not_allow- themselves to be tempted to buy things they should do without, the debate pro and con the hire-purchase system -may ^iot -unrea- sonably favour the instalment plan in cases where straightout cash pur chases are not possible. # * # May Holman, M.L.A., on Youth Employment Q.IVING evidence before the Royal Commissioner in ^Western Austra lia on Youth Employment, Miss May Holman, M.L.A., urged that special at tention should be given to the posi tion of girls and domestic work. Pointing out that for factory, shop, or commercial work, training and ex perience are demanded of the pros pective employee, and that the wages, hours, and conditions of work in such employment are regulated by law, and can be enforced by the courts, she emphasised that- in house hold employment only are there no such regulations. A domestic worker has not the obligation to train for her work, but yeaw of experience do ^t,..^^sj^rUr'~:-;^n^ regular !ltH creases in her wages. Also she has tip recognised standard -pj l^workr-or^ of tasks, iio regular holiday time or working hours, nor are the conditions surrounding her wojrjjL._g£gulaliO!jyj law, — ^After— many years «f -experience^ said Miss Holman, 'I say definitely that the lack of defined duties! the loss; of privacy, poor accommodation, the lack of status, and the lack of regu lated hours, are the real drawbacks to the domestic employee, and there will never be a supply of girls able and willing to do the home tasks so necessary to the average household until some quite drastic reforms are undertaken. The haphazard method of gaining experience to^day^ is-ot necessity a source of irritation to- the j employer — quite often resulting in doss.. In any scheme for reform both sides of the question must be studied, and a solution agreeable to both sought.' Miss Holman then detailed her own scheme which places the domestic workers in three groups: 1\. The girl just leaving school and about to enter a gainful employment. 2\. The country girl who has grown tirecTbf her life in the country and decided to try household employment in the city. 3\. The household worker who has various degrees of skill, and different periods of experience. For each group there is some varia tion of the scheme, but the establish ment of a domestic science college with special courses for such girls and a scheme of three years' training are suggested, or a more intensive course if the period is shortened the country girls whose homes are elsewhere to be given residential scholarships. Women Clerks Have Changed HPHE Court of Industrial Appeals in Victoria having, on the appeal of the employers, reduced wages of cer tain 'female clerks' by 12 shillings a week, the 'female clerks,' being swayed by great indignation, prevailed on the Melbourne Trades Hall Coun cil to ask the Government to abolish that Court. By a Wages Board de cision the payment for female senior clerks had been fixed at £3 Ss. a week and stenographers £3 a week, and the majority of the members of the Clerks' Union in Victoria are women. Time was in Melbourne when women employed in offices were much too snobbish to belong to a trade union, and as for asking the Trades Hall Council to help them out of a dilemma — they would have been just as likely to propose matrimony to a street sweeper. Their acquisition of common sense should earn them some thing better than a 'cut.' * # * Another 'Grand Old Woman' AT eighty-four years of age Mrs. Katherine Price Hughes, whose name in not unknown in Queensland, regularly takes the chair at commit tee meetings of a West London mis sion which she and her late husband founded fifty years ago, and through which a number of suitable immi grants came to Queensland. Mrs. Price Hughes and her friends lately formed another guild devoted to the service of— girls in difficulties^ — The mission's hostel in Drury Lane for stranded girls continues to help girls from all over the country, and it is now intended by Mrs. Price Hughes and her new Guild of St. Francis to establish another one for still more difficult cases. The main support for it is expected to come from women ^vrtiocan^ifiVrd^m^iyearly^liTiscrlp tions. # » # What Margot Thinks About it J^ 'MANCHESTER GUARDIAN' article by the Countess of Oxford and Asquith who as Margot Ten nant was 'the first of the flappers,' and who long ha* been recognised Jia a brilliant writer fund speaker, con* tains the following paragrapht ? _jffipE could I help thiaking of the greatest of our Princes of Wales. My husband was Uome Secretary and in »ttenfl*nceTWh«rffii: JDuke of Wind sor was born and the beautiful Queen 9Mexandria4ield-the little babe up in her arms for him to kiss, We there fore took a special interest in him. His abdication was a public sorrow mourned throughout the Empire, but even a King has certain private rights, and if he was convinced that his happiness lay in a different direc tion from that which had been ex pected of him, 'who is he who con demn eth?' ? Such was a brainy Englishwoman's very different judgment to the cattish comment which still persists locally. * * * Flying For Fun J^£ISS Amelia Earhart, American aviatrix, whose real name is Mrs. Putnam, but who prefers to retain her maiden name in connection with her aerial triumphs, will not learn much about Australia from her look-in at Darwin, but we have learned of her that she is a skilled ground mechanic as well as one of the greatest fliers. Arriving at Darwin via Singapore on Monday, June 28, she expected to be back in U.S.A. at the end of last week, if all went well. The world has left off being surprised by the~ feats of airwomen, but the puzzle in relation to what good most of such aerial adventures do to or for the world remains to be solved. Miss Ear hart carries a revolver as part of the equipment of her 'plane, but she has reduced her ladylike wants to an ex tent which establishes a record. 