Local Market Best In the recent remarks of the Gen-( eral President of the Primary Pro-| ducers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of declin ing markets abroad* for our primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 j tons compared with the previous 12 months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competi tion by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member -jf the Common- J wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation : Committee, also believes that there is ! danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in Eng- j land, { In Australia butter costs many t pence a lb, more than in Great Bri- . tain where wages are not so good and the purchasing power- or the general community is, therefore, lower than here, n most European, countries the position is worse ; and' in Denmark, 1 dairymen are too poor to eat their j own product, consuming instead, 1 Margarine. It would seem that the . best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian but tier producers, lies within the Com | monwealth itself. Every effort , should be made to increase our pop- f ulation. At present the Australian customer of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably nam belr well over 2,000,000 persons. | They, and other members of the community, do not object to 'pay- ; ing more than the English consumer . for their butter so that the - dairy- 1 man here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objec tion, either, is raised to the exchange late, set at its present level entirely . to aid the primary producer. It re- i suits, however, in 25 per cent extra j being paid by the commuriitiy fori every article imported; and costs the taxpayers many millions more per an ' num in the settling of our overseas ' interest bill. It also gives the dairy man another 25 'per cent more for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of British sales, j Customers, not competitors with' the farmers already established here, * are required in Australia. Our sec- j ondary industries offer jfche best weans of providing for new ai*rivals. who would be customers, riot compe titors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining and a world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not se cured now it would be impossible to do so later. — Paul Cheyne. 