LOCAL MARKET BEST In the recent remarks of the General President of the Primary Producers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another in .dication is given of declining markets abroad for our primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1930 had fallen 20,950 tons compared with the previous twelve months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great "Britain resulted from competition by mar garine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a. member of the Commonwealth Dairy Pro duce Equalisation Committee, also be lieves that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many pence a lb. more than in Great Britain where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the general community is, there fore, lower than here. In. most European countries the position is worse; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, instead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Austrahau butter producers, lie* within the Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our population. At present the Austra lian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, cither, is raised to the exchange rate, set; at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It results, however, in 25 per cent, extra being paid by the community for every article imported'; and costs the taxpayers many millions more per annum in the settling of our overseas bill. It also gives the dairyman another 23 per cent, more for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with the farmers already established here, are re quired in Australia. Our secondary in r dustries offer, the best means of providing | for new arrivals who would be customers, not competitors, of the farmer. Popula tion in Great Britain is declining and a world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not seemed: now it would be impossible to do so later. 