Local Market Best In the recent remarks of the General President of the Primary Producers' lUnion (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of declining markets abroad for oui' primary producers. Mr. Duulop stated that imports of- butter into the United Kingdom had fallen 20,950 tdns compared with the pre vious twelve months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competition by mar garine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, ? a member of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many pence a lb. . more than in Great Britain where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of tho general community is, therefore, lower than here. In most European countries the position is worse ; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat tneir own product, consum ing, instead, margarine. It would seem that . the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian butter producers, lies within the Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made to in crease our population. At present the Australian customers of our dairy men include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number-well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the community, do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their butter' so that the dairyman here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. , No objection, either, is raised, to the exchange 'rate, set at its present level entirely to am the primary' producer. It results, however, in 25 per. cent, extra being paid by the community for every article imported ; and costs the taxpayers mapy millions more per aunum in the settling of our overseas interest bill. It also, gives the dairyman another 25 peri cent, more for his'exportsi thus bringing into. Hue' witb Australia the prices of British sales. ' Customers] not competitors! with the farmer's already establishedjhere, are required in' Australia. ' Our secondary -industries offer the best means of providing foriiew arrivals who would be customers, not, com petitors, of the farmer. Population ?in .Great Britain is declining arid a 'world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not secured, now 'it would be Impossible to do' so later.-rrPftul Che'yne. ? 