LOCAL MARKET BEST In the recent remarks of the Gen eral President of the Primary Pro ducers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of de clining markets abroad for our prim ary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of butter into the Un ih»a Kine-dom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 tons compared with the prev ious twelve months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted . from competition by margarine. Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many pence a lb. more than in Great Bri tain where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the general community is, therefore, lower than here. . In most European countries the position is worse; and in Den mark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, in stead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australias but ter producers, lies within the Com monwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our -population. At present the Australian custom ers of our dairymen include 000,000 factory workers. With their wives and chiluren they probably number ?well over 2,000,000 persons, iney, and other members of the communi ty, do not object to paying more than the English consumer ior their butter so that the dairyman here may not have to live like. the Danish producer does. No -objection, either, is raised to tlic exchange rate, set fit its present level entirely to aid the primary vroducer. It results, however, in 26 per cent, extra be ing paid by the community for every article imported; and costs the tax payers many millions more per an num in the settling of our overseas interest bill. It also gives the dairy man another 259c more for his ex ports, thus bringing into line with Australia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors . with the farmers already establishea here, are required in Australia. Oiur. secondary industries offer the best means of providing for new arriv als who would be customers, not com petitors, of -the farmer. Population in Great Britaim is declining and a world authority recently stated that .if British immigrants were not secured now it would be impossible to do so later.— PAUL CHEYNS. 