Local Market Best In the recent remarks of the general president of the .Prinialy Producers' Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another in dication is given of declining markets i abroad for our primary producers. Mr. I Dunlop stated that imports pf butter in to the United Kingdom for 1936 had I fallen 20,950 tons, compared with the pre vious 12 months; and this year's figures will be lower still. He also added that [ the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competition 1 by márgame. 1 Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Commonwealth Dairy [ 1-roouce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be in I ci eased in Engiland. in Australia butler costs many pence a pound more than rn Great Britain, where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the general com munity is, therefoie, lower than here. In most European countries the position is worse; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own pi-oduct, con suming, instead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market lor Australian butter producers lies with in the Commonwealth itself. Every ef fort should be made lo increase our population. At present the Australian customers of our oairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other mem bers of the community, do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their butter, so that the dairyman herc may not have to live like the Dan ish producer does. No objection, either, is raised to the exchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It results, however, in 25 per cent, being paid by the community for every article imported, and costs the taxpayers many millions more per an num in the settling of our overseas in terest bill. It also gives the dairyman another 25 per cent, more for his exports, thus bringing into line with Australia thc prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with thc farmers already established here, gre re quired in Australia. Our secondary in dustries offer the best means of provid ing' for new arrivals who would be cus tomers, not competitors, of the farmer. Population in Great Britain is declining, and a world authority recently stated that j i if British Immigrants were not secured I I now it would be impossible to do so I later. PAUL CHEYNE. 