THE ART OF TRAVELLING A Cosmopolitan Novelist Speaks. —No. 3 I WAS born with a longing to travel; just as others are born j with a love of poker, pricket or baseball. ! My life as a journalist and an international novelist has 4 happily allowed me to satisfy this taste, which was very rare ! among Frenchmen before the war. For, as everyone knows, ! the French were a people who stayed in their own country, ! and were always asking for more bread at the table. \ //AV.V/ZA'AWA-AV/.'.V.r I By I \ Maurice \ \ Dekobra ji TO certain people travel is a necessity, to others it is a calamity. To one man it is a bad habit, to another it is an art. The charm of the locomotive to-day attracts millions of people who travel, not to keep young but to get away from their usual surroundings; just as one. changes the fishes' water In a tank at the aquarium. The attraction of travel lies In Its sur prise, and we all love an element of surprise. For happiness lies in the word "to-morrow"— but the word yes terday is full of sadness. If I were asked to give two pieces of advice . to travellers on the continent 1 should say: First of all-learn English. Secondly— if you travel alone take a return1 ticket. One must also learn to understand railway guides. Our poor little European ABCs are mere child's play compared with an American railway time-table. On the other side there are specialists in the art of elucidating them. They have to be first- rate mathematicians. Another word of warning. Do not trust ship-board acquaintances. How ever strong may be your love of cards do not play bridge with strangers. People who pretend to bo very simple are very often more wide- awake than one is apt to Imagine, As to the language of "footle under the table it was not Invented for dogfish. AN American card- sharper one day on board a boat going : from New Orleans to Havana drew my attention to a party of bridge players. He whispered: "Watch that fair man's- ear." I watched it very care fully and I noticed that it moved slightly. Then the American added: "Ha has just signalled five trumpa to hla part ner," , Ought one to carry a camera? At Luxor one day, In the Valley of the Kings- a charming little English lady offered me her kodak, saying: "Oh, I wonder If you would be so good as to snap me In front of the tomb of Tut- Ankh-Amen." "With pleasure, mademoiselle." I took one, two, three snaps: we ex changed our. names and addresses. Six months later I saw the young lady in Paris. She ran up to me say ing:— . "Oh, monsieur, I cannot thank you enough for having taken by photo graph In Egypt." ' "Oh, mademoiselle, that was noth ing!" "Yes, Indeed It was. What do you think! When I got back to London X had my films developed and showed the prints to Lancelot, my fiance. He frowned and asked me coldly: "Who's shadow is it I see on thiB photograph? . . . Some man you've been flirting with, Kathleen?" "We had a violent argument. 1 pro tested. Lancelot flew into a terrible passion. I saw at once that he was Impossibly jealous." "And so, mademoiselle?" "And so, monsieur,' thanks to you I broke off my engagement with the imbecile, and X have to thank you for having saved me from a deplorable marriage." THERE are many people who think that modern life is drab and dull. What a mis take! The world has never been so free and easy and suitable for adventures. To affirm that the wireless, the gramophone, the sleeping cax, have knocked the bot tom out of romance shows that one does not understand the age of jazz. Romance Is everywhere. In the streets, the great hotels, and even the telephone boxes. These are no longer the mask and sword days when Casa nova brought perturbation into the convents of Murano. In 1937 romance is not obvious to the world. It is hidden deep down in the inner consciences of the 12- cyllnder mind of the modern man which has not the safety valve of altruism. Ask the racketeer, the prospector from Alaska, the financier, if their life is less romantic than It was in the days of Cartouche or Jack the Ripper. To-day, life is colourless only to those whose minds are of the mass produc tion type. During one's travels one sees men as they really are— that Is to say un fettered by their ordinary surround ings. Just aa in the chemist's mortar, one sees the reactions of bodies one upon another. What made Christo pher, Columbus a great man was, not that he discovered America but the fact that he went to look for it. The joy of travel 'docs not consist entirely of probing human character. There is, according to Marcel Proust, the recovery of time lost which neces sitates an old watch, a magnifying glass and a pair of seven-league boots to measure the sidereal ether. There Is also the dive into the unknown, which is the spice of life. A friend admitted to me one day, "It is a curious thing but I never have adventures In the big hotels." Poor fellow! A man like that would never find a herring in the North Sea. He would not have recog nised the hotel birds, those grand dames who are bored to death or those grasping adventuresses who go In search of the grail of cheques. They may be very alluring or they may be very naughty— according to tho time day. the state of tho weather, the kind of novel they have just read or the value of the dollar, they are ready to be kissed or to be smacked. As they pass they cmanato their perfume, and one wonders what des tiny has In store for them? INEXPE R I E N C E D travellers have asked me if one really meets "the Madonna of the Sleep ing Cars" type of woman in European expresses. In answer to that I may say that aftor the publication of tne novel I received more than 3,000 letters from women of all nationalities, who wrote me this style of letter: "I am the heroine of your novel ... I recognise myself as Lady Diana, How have you been able to describe me so accur ately?" One evening In a sleeping car. I was talking to the attendant who had been all over Europe with his eyes wide open. And for him tlip art of travel ling had no secrets. 'He told me of surroundings that were favourable to birth of love: "Is it easier to say 'I love you' in a rocking chair on a French liner or 'la wass loublou' in a Causaslan caveau on 57th Street . . . ? Love is a matter of environment. . > Whereupon I said to my genial at tendant, as we emerged from a long tunnel: "May I suggest a comparison? There was once a lung of a small country In Central Europe, who remarked when speaking of his subjects — 'Dress them in green, blue or yellow they will al ways fly before the enemy'." And one may say, in speaking of cosmopolitan- ladles whether they be Danish, Spanish, Irish' or- Tcheques thejr will always bo susceptible - to masculine lies. For, In order to love well in all languages one must He well. One morning a society woman in a very scanty bathing dress was lying; like a dab, on the sands at the Lido, reading Oscar Wilde. When I asked her why she admired the Immortal author of the "Ballad of Reading Gaol," sho replied as she toyed with the sand: ' "I adore Oscar Wilde because he praises falsehood, and to him lying is an art." "Besides, a lie is sometimes a truth at midday told at 9 o'olnck in the morning." , THE enjoyments of travel . . . vary ac cording to one's temperament, character and taste ; according to whether you are nervous, suffering from arthritis or are too full- blooded. I was told one day the story of a worthy citizen of Havre who had taken a pleasant voyage across the ocean; and I have never forgotten it. Monsieur Demyslel was his name. He was the proprietor of a small drapery shop in the famous Normandy port. At the age of 50 he retired, not rich but comfort ably provided for according to his modest requirements. He had neither wife nor child. Neither did he keep a cafe-con cert lady. He had only one passion- travel. But as long voyages round the world were out of his reach he had to content himself by reading books of ex ploration. This good man, accustomed to selling cotton socks with reinforced heels knew how Stanley had discovered the source of the Zambesi and Living stone. the mysteries of the Dark Con tinent. He would never have mistaken Karachi for a skin disease nor the Yang- tsc- Klang for a brand of tea. No one at Havre, even the captains of the coast ing vessels, had such extensive geo graphical knowledge. One day after Monsieur Demystel had retired and his leisure time allowed, he thought he would go to a little bar fre quented by the sailors of the French Line. He grew intensely interested in his neighbours' conversations. He became a friend of tho proprie tor and every day at 6 o'clock he could be seen taking his glass of Cal vados at the same table as the sea faring men. He became friendly with them, and particularly attracted to Monsieur Alfred the barman of the lie de France; and every time that Monsieur Alfred set foot ashore, the draper was tho first to hear tho story of his crossing. One day Monsieur Alfred said to Monsieur Demystel: "Truth and honour have you never set foot aboard a boat? To hear you talk one would think you had sailed all the seas in the world." "Alas, np," moaned Monsieur Demy stel. "My only crossing has been from Havre to Trouvllle." "You ought to treat yourself to a trip to America." "Do you think I can afford 15,000 francs for that?" Monsieur Alfred looked at Monsieur Demystel and said after a moment's pause: — "What would you1 say to going to New. York on the nod?" "Ah! My good friend!" "Listen, replied the barman. "The lie de Franco leaves next Saturday at 2 o'clock. Be on the Qual de la Transat at 10 o'clock. While we are taking on the last cases of whisky I will smuggle you aboard and hldo you in my store room. Once we are at sea all will be well. You will be able to land at New York, spend a few days there, and come back to Havre In the same way without it costing you anything. Or at any rate you nejsd only give me 200 francs for my trouble, and there yoii are!" THE deal was sdon concluded. Mon sieur Demystel slept badly until the eve of his departure. Nervous and anxious with a little package under his arm he arrived at the landing stage, waited for a signal from Alfred and, with beating heart, sllpoed Into the bowels of the huge vessel. The barman opened the door of the store-room, a dark place that smelt of corks, wax and stale spirits, saying to him: "Now keep quiet. Until we are at sea don't put your nose outside. If you do tho purser will have you put in irons as a stowaway and I shall get the sack." Hours passed. Monsieur Domystel, sitting on a case of port, heard the noise of the boat getting under way. The bells to the engine room . . . tho hoot of the tug ... the noise of the engines starting. . . . The lie de France was on her way to the New World. At 9 o'clock in tho evening, Mon sieur Domystel, his limbs aching, heard Monsieur Alfred opening the door. He looked forward to a nice long promcnado on deck. And he was also very hungry. "My dear fellow," said the barman in a low voice, "no chance of your get ting out. The second class purser is doing his rounds. Here's a bit of cheose, some bread and a bottle of beer. Make yourself as comfortable as you can with your blanket for the night." Monsieur Demystel, feeling very downhearted ate his cheese and 'drank his bitter. He slept very badly on straw from the champagne bottles. This went on for four days, He was shut up in the store room. One evening, when they were off the Banks of Newfoundland, Monsieur Alfred opened his prison door and allowed him to take a Uttie air on the boat deck, hidden under one of the life boats. It was the only chance that Monsieur Demystel had of enjoying the Atlantic breezes. When they got to New York he asked his guardian when he would be able to land and visit the town. "1 can't lot you do that," replied Mon sieur Alfred. "Tho police at the dock are yery strict and might arrest you for breaking the Immigration laws," Terrified, Monsieur Demystel went back to his store-room. He remained there for another five days in addition to his return journey. He landed at last at the good town of Havre suffering from lumbago and rheumatism in hfi knees. He paid Monsieur Alfred 200 francs, however, and gave a sigh of rc- i i.?3 'le stretched himself once more in his own soft warm bed. Six months had passed since his won derful voyage. Monsieur Demystel was one of a card party at the Cafe des Voyageurs. His friends began to dis cuss the New World. Then Demystel sat up. He stopped shuffling the cards. He raised his voice slightly and. with the confident air of a man who knows, he began:— "When I wont to America . , To-inarroiv: Paris by Nlijtht. "I adore Oscar Wilde because he praises falsehood, and to him lying is an art." 