LOCAL MARKET BEST. In the recent remarks of the Gen eral President of the Primary Pro ducer's Union (Mr. Dunlop, M.L.C.) another indication is given of declin ing markets abroad for our primary producers. Mr. Dunlop stated that imports of butter into the United Kingdom for 1936 had fallen 20,950 tons compared with the previous twelve months ; and this year's fig ures will be lower still. He also ad ded that the absurdly low prices of butter in Great Britain resulted from competition by margarine. . Another authority, Mr. Russell King, a member of the Common wealth Dairy Produce Equalisation Committee, also believes that there is danger from the same source should butter prices be increased in England. In Australia butter costs many pence a pound more than in Great Britain, where wages are not so good and the purchasing power of the gen eral community is, therefore, lower than here. In most European coun tries the position is worse ; and in Denmark, dairymen are too poor to eat their own product, consuming, instead, margarine. It would seem that the best chance for an extensive and well-paid market for Australian butter producers, lies within the Commonwealth itself. Every effort should be made to increase our popu lation. At present the Australian customers of our dairymen include 500,000 factory workers. With their wives and children they probably number well over 2,000,000 persons. They, and other members of the com munity, do not object to paying more than the English consumer for their butter so that the dairymen here may not have to live like the Danish producer does. No objection, either, is raised to the exchange rate, set at its present level entirely to aid the primary producer. It results, how ever, in 25 per cent, extra being paid by the community for every article imported ; and costs the taxpayers many millions more per annum in the sellting of our overseas' interest bill It also gives the dairymen another 25 per cent, more for his exports thus bringing into line with Austral ia the prices of British sales. Customers, not competitors with the fanners already established here, are required in Australia. Our sec ondary industries offer ' the best means of providing for new arrivals who would be customers, not com petitors, of the farmer. _ Population in Great Britain is declining and a world authority recently stated that if British immigrants were not se cured now it would be impossible to do so later. — Paul Cbeyne. 