HEMP By . . . ERNEST WELLS FREE SUPPLEMENT TO TIIE AUSTRALIAN WOMEN'S WEEKLY THIS SUPPLEMENT MUST NOT BE SOLD SEPARATELY Complete Book-Length Novel HEMP By ERNEST WELLS T was the dusk-time of an autumn day-the time of twilight and of leaves. An ill-made road wound its broken-rutted way to-ward the city lights, which like stiletto points reflect-ing fire pricked out the darkness marching from the west. As the day's twilight fled, the pygmy figures of a man and child came into Bight, walking as swiftly as their burdens ?would allow, and at times pausing while the man, for his greater ease, settled a bulky rucksack on his back. They walked toward the east, and to the lights which glimmered from the town. His name was Peglar-Jacob PeglarEnd the child, whose age could not have been more than six or seven years, was his daughter. That day they had walked fifteen miles. Fourteen the day before. Upon the first day of their travelling, twelve. They walked hand in hand, the man slight anu rather stooped, yet {striding with the firm step of his hardy kind, and accommodating his gait to the child's own. He had a thin, nervous face, with a hint of peering puzzlement about a long, peaked nose, and somewhat pettish mouth. A natural kindliness of ex-pression was masked to some extent by the large twinkling pebbles of his steelrimmed spectacles. His shoulders, clad in a dark blue broadcloth coat, curved to the burden of the rucksack on his back; from his crooked forefinger swung a bulging brown baize bag. In that, all fragrant with a sprig of larch, he car- ried his small daughter's clothes. Instead of the long, trimmed, polished stick with-out which at that time the people of his country rarely moved abroad, Jacob car-ried, at the trail, a thick and sturdy cudgel, quaintly notched, and carved at the top in the resemblance of a woman's head. The man and his daughter, rucksack end bag and basket at their feet, stood by the roadside. Then, as a shallow cart, drawn by an ambling donkey, drew abreast, they both moved out and, to the hunched-up figure of the occupant, called "Hi!" Curled in the angle of the side and front boards of the cart, the figure, with-out answering, swayed and rolled like an unwieldly effigy in clothes. Peglar called again, then trotted after the cart. Moving quite nimbly on his toes, he caught the reins and so induced the donkey to Btand. "Who-hoa! Whoa, little one! Janet, the bags! Bring them here. Be quick!" Impatiently he thrust his spectacles higher upon his nose. His face was sweat- ing gently and they fogged. The nuisance Of it made him click his tongue. "Ach, tch, tch," To him within the car he said: ' "Good evening, friend." His answer was a snore-a snore rich, tremulous and long-and the soft champ-ing of a sleeping man's loose lips. The cartman sighed and grumbled in his throat, and settled farther down upon his sack of peas. Peglar was just about to stand Upon the wheel and prod the sleeper gently in his ribs, when the man woke up. He grunted once or twice, stared, and then sat up. In the dim green glow of the slowly-turning candlelamp, slung from a shaft, the faces of the two men peered, one at the otherthe farmer's, in a rueful and dismayed surprise; the little traveller's, in a near-sighted blinking eagerness. "What-who-who! And who might you be?" the farmer managed to inquire at last, after a dumb, fixed immobility of blank regard of many seconds' length. "We, that is, my child here-Janet, come here to this side-are travellers to the city. Perhaps you might-that is to say-we could pay you for a ride in, if"-he glanced hurriedly into the cart, filled with an indiscriminate litter of tur-nips, cabbages, and the like-"if you could find room for us." The moon-faced farmer thrust a hand within his knitted vest and scratched, reflectively, his underarm. "Travellers? As likely as not tinkers, or trapesing folk." A slow suspicion crept into his sly and shallow eyes. "Where have you come from? And your daughter, friend, where is she?" Peglar bent, lifted the child, and placed her feet, shod in broad, heavy shoon, upon the wheel. "This is she. This is Janet," said he. "Oh, why, it's a babe!" exclaimed the farmer, in his surprise. "It's a babe!" He tilted her small chin with a broad hand which smelt of the soil, and caused her little button-nose to wrinkle in dis-gust. He scratched himself again. The child stood balanced on the broad hub of the wheel. The little man in spec- tacles grasped two spokes and waited, breathing softly as he stood. His face, strained in its anxious anticipation, shone like a small and amber-tinted mask. INN OW, in the town of D-, and at the far north end of the Great Street, there lived a printer, with his wife and only child. That has, I will concede, a ring of Grimm or Andersen. But so it was. And in the clean-swept Storestraede, fragrant with blowing linden trees, the little man whom you have met upon a road once lived. He was a brisk and honest soul, of a friendly and gossiping disposition^ and grateful to his good wife for well- darned, homespun stockings and linen of a sur-prisingly laundered freshness. His heart was kindly, and his pale grey eyes were weak. Alma, his wife, was a thin and ailing woman, older by some years than he and inclined rather to resent her own knowledge of the fact. ' But, for all that, Jacob had in her a very womanly and devoted wife, and a fond and jealous mother to their only child. -.».-s No copper kettles in the town could shine like Alma Peglar's. No front steps were so frosty white. No crease dis-graced her spotless counterpane. And not a particle of dust was found above-stairs or below. Their evenings in the small, warm sitting-room, when the stove drew, and the great storks called, winging to the south, reflected every happiness and homely joy. For then the little printer, with his child upon his knee, drew to his elbow the candle with its long and up-right flame, and, with his type-stained fingertip, traced out an alphabet from the book of words. Beyond the bridge, which spanned the cool canal, the Silver Shilling Inn leaned comfortably back. The Silver Shilling was a house of note, sedate, and quiet and clean. There, Saturday nights would And the energetic little man serenely drawing at a softly-squiffling pipe, his beer or broendevin before him, flanked by his cronies, Koerner, the notary, the Registrar Nielsen, and, when his wife al-lowed, Hvidt, thé under-magistrate. At such foregatherings they spoke senten-tiously of policies and rulers, and of States. And sometimes (with labored detachment and occasional glances to the door, as though they hoped for eaves-droppers) of women, too. But it was talk of principalities and kings in which they most indulged. For they were times of revolution and momentous change. In the famous little Cabinet of the Tuileries there sat a small fat man, where, in the boyhood of those good Danish burgesses a large fat one had sat before. The smoke which rolled up from the battle in the Sound had scarcely cleared away. The citizens spoke often of decrees. Three pennies on or off the price of cheese gave men good food for thought. By virtue of his trade, the printer Peg-lar was regarded as oracular, although at those quiet evening gatherings the plump, well-nourished Hvidt, by usage, under- j took the exposition of the law. Sometimes j his law was good: sometimes it was not I unlike an ill-matured wine-very bad. Alma Peglar died in childbirth when j Janet, her daughter, was seven years old. j Thereafter poor Jacob's matters and j affairs went all awry. A swollen sheaf of j writs and one or two small executions, at \ a time when he wanted nothing quite so j much as quietly to settle down and take a j slow stock of his forty-three years of life, 1 forced him to seek the counsel of his j friends. The upshot of it was that, having j had a letter from his dead wife's sister, j who had married a London maltster J fifteen years before, he resolved to emi- I grate, and cross to England. By his wife's death he had become en- j titled to thè equivalent of some four hun- j dred pounds. In due course his share was J paid. And, in response to the deep and J quietly singing chord which struck within 1 his provincial soul and said "voyage out," 1 he sold his business and furniture, and I from the proceeds discharged the greater j part of his debts. To Hans Wensel, the pastor, he gave his wife's clothing. "For the poorer folk," he said. Two chests of personal effects (some books, his clothing, and an ancient tryptych, once his grandfather's) he corded and dispatched by stage to Copenhagen. Then, shaking Hvidt and Koerner and old Nielsen by the hands, he set off on the Monday for the capital, a three days' Journey off. Once there, and before taking ship to London, he could stay with his friend, Ernst Jensen, the type-founder, whose workshop stood upon the Quays. His daughter's hand in his, he passed without his native town, and through the toll-bar down the road. Upon the Monday and the Tuesday nights they slept at roadside inns. On the third day night fell and found them yet some miles from Copenhagen. On that last stage they rode with Jorgensen, and in his cart, bowered in cabbages to which the dew still clung. AHE clattering of barrows cn the kidney stones, the shouts of porters and of urchins busy unloading wains and waggons ponderously rolling in, roused Peglar from his sleep. His feet were cold. His hands were stiff. The damp and crinkled bowl of a large cabbage heart pressed clammily upon his face. He stirred and raised himself, and in the grey light of early dawn saw he was in the city market- place. He clambered stiffly to the ground and wakened Janet. She, by the marks upon her face, had wept incomprehensibly, and in her sleep, as children sometimes do. As he placed the rucksack on his back and gathered up the basket and bag, he looked about him for the man who drove them in. The child was yet but only half awake. Arms hanging limply by her side, she swayed upon her feet, with drowsiness which pathos made its own. Among the hundreds in the market-place, lined in an orderly arrangement of small stalls and carts, he had poor chance of finding Master Jorgensen, and, indeed, saw him no more. So. at a nearby stall, Jacob bought pasties made of fish and allspice, and from a farmer's pink-cheeked dairy wench, a small pitcher of warm milk for his daughter and himself. She, now quite wide awake, strained at his hand and urged him faster to the harbor side, where, like the shuttles of an immense and fabled loom, were moored innumerable fishing-skiffs, bobbing in ragged rows. Then, having breakfasted, the pair of them set off to find the type-founder, Jensen, whose shop, you will recall, stood on the Quays. Inquiring here and there from one and then another as they went, they pressed their way through the crowds upon the boarded sidewalk, which echoed hollowly beneath their feet. At other times they paused for the child to press her beaming face against shop window-panes. This was a new experience for her and one of which she made the most. But in good time they reached the type- foundry. Jensen, good fellow that he was, in a torrent of almost breathless words of welcome, half pushed his visitors up the narrow wooden stairs to the dwellingrooms above. His breath labored. His round face shone with joy. He was an hospitable man. "Hey! Ah! Pouf! Bertha! Bertha! It is the good Peglar! Peglar! Hey! You in there-it is Peglar come to see us!" He shouted to his wife, who bustled in, dusted with flour, her faded fair hair looped in wisps across her broad forehead. In came their children, too; all five of them: the girls in colored frocks, shortarmed, and open at the throat; the boys in corded breeches and high caps. The table laid, and box beds airing for the guests, they sat at supper, a noisy cheering meal, through which Jacob talked and chirruped in such a content of happy spirits as he had not known for many a long day. The beer sank lower in the glazed blue jug. The pickled cab-bage and the white cheese went their way. Then, the meal concluded, and the child-ren's thanks to father said, the little printer and his host drew to one side. Jensen, a burly, homely man, with broad nostrils and a heart of splendid, simple charity and understanding, was not at all encouraging in his opinion of Jacob's prospects in London. Oh, no, no, Jacob. The more he thought of it the less he liked it all. He urged his views very strongly. "And," said he, with his huge hands square planted on his knees, "what, I do ask you, my dear friend, what, I say, do you know of the English, and of their abominable language?" "Little enough, indeed," replied his listener, spreading his feet far apart as he sat. "But in this place I have neither kith nor kin. Old times are past. New customs are taking root. And it says here" -t-he tapped his small chest gently, with a pathetic gesture of extenuation-"it says here: 'Go out, Jacob. Go out. Be not at all heartsore or afraid.' Very well, I go. I, and my Janet with me. As for that language of those English, I learn it. Eh? Oh, I will learn it, never fear. Eh?" He rolled his little head in a com-placent confidence, but Jensen filled a pipe and kept his mouth pursed tight. "In London," continued the small printer, taking a birdlike swig of beer and swilling it vigorously round his mouth. "In London I will say to them-'Der King Gott pless.' And they will tell me-'Roon' te corner.' Eh? No? Yes?" He wagged his head again and breathed deeply and courageously. Jensen, faced with such resolution, made no further protest. But in the suc- ceeding days his good wife made and cooked innumerable puddings and patties for the travellers' refreshment on the voyage. Alice, the youngest daughter, gave to Janet a little clock of miniature pine-logs. Its face was gaily painted. Two small pine-cones served it for pendulum weights. As the small barge which bore them to the vessel In the Sound drew out, stout Jensen's honest eyes filled up with tears. So did his wife's. In a sharp, ringing falsetto, Janet shrilled messages of fare-well down a widening lane of water, through which the setting sun had thrust a blade of golden light. By that the little printer knew with an absolute certitude that for the last time he had trod his native soil. He stood, a small, cloaked figure, on the barge, waving mechanical and puppet-like farewells, until the watchers on the shore, their eyesight sadly blurred with tears, turned back towards home. XHROUGH the In- terest of his brother-in-law, the malt-ster, Jacob Peglar found employment as a type-setter in a printing establishment in Cripplegate, and in six months had learned sufficient of the English tongue"that abominable language"-to serve his ordinary requirements. He took cheap lodgings near by, and for some eight years worked painstak-ingly and laboriously. Such education as his daughter had, he gave to her; and a naturally keen receptiveness of mind en-abled her to acquire a far more facile knowledge of their adopted language than he at any time possessed. That, inevit-ably, she gained acquaintance with the pungent Cockney argot of the quarter in which they lived, could not be helped. Jacob, poor man, was not in any way to correct her. He aged but little. But Janet grew, and gave an early promise of that peculiar beauty which she had in woman- hood. He made, withal, few friends. Upon a Sunday afternoon, he shaved with all the satisfaction of a man whose week's work was well done. He pulled his lip this way and that, the while he hummed short staves of the old folk-songs of his own people. Then, in a well-brushed coat, with brown cloth trousers buttoned at the foot, and decent shoes and stockings on his feet, he took his daughter's hand. By many turns, down many streets, and having crossed Blackfriars Bridge, they walked out to the maltster's house. There, while the women drank their tea, twittering the small inanities beloved of their sex and class-babies and dill-water, bonnet-strings and cake-the men drank porter poured out of a can, and smoked and talked. Now, upon one such Sunday afternoon, Jacob met his compatriot, Jorgen Ander- sen, the same who, years before, had left his father's clockshop in old Copenhagen and run away to sea. He was a tall, im-pressive man, bearded and massive, with a flashing eye and heavily-built head. To the sober, cautious men in the maltster's dining-room, redolent of the dull smell of the working malt, he told strange tales. Tales wild, and quite incredible, but, In the main, all true. That evening Jacob walked his home-ward way in thought. But when he wet his thumb and finger-tip, and quenched the candle in his small bedroom upstairs, the restless little voice within his breast still chattered garrulously on, and quite incessantly said: "Out. Go out. Go forth again. Go out." He grew abstracted as the weeks went on. His daughter growing up, he wondered, what of her? On either hand in this maelstrom of London men starved for bread itself. The conception that the new world to the south held an existence of more amplitude for him grew like a gourd-tree in his thoughts, and almost overnight. He sought out Andersen again, and many times. His ears were greedy and his heart thumped manfully as he heard of the splendid opportunity and scope for honest energy in the great new land. "Go out," it said. He would go out, and see what lay for him and his down there. They sailed from Gravesend on 12th May, 1826, with forty-seven other free settlers, in the ship Mary Stewart, and, early in the following November, went ashore on the landing-jetty in Sydney Cove. Within a week Jacob set up the small plant which he had brought with him, and went about a living by job-printing and tuition in "the elements of book- keeping for young gentlemen proposing to enter a career of commerce." So his pasteboard window-sign had it. Janet was then fifteen. Her eyes were tawny, with the color of new wine. Her thickcurled hair gleamed like a pile of sombre Trojan gold. JOHN CUTCLTFF ARCHBOLD!" The name was called down to the cells from the court-room above. The turn-key, with a thick and grubby fore-finger, stirred the man seated on the bench, whose head had jerked up when the name was called, in a manner sug-gestive of a startled horse. He rose, and, turning, clanked beneath the stone lintel of a door. With slow footfalls he climbed the 6tairs, and so, into the dock. Light clustering chestnut hair en-hanced the balance of his well-poised head. His face, marked by a singularly smooth modelling in its lines, was neither weak nor vicious, yet the suggestion of a defect lurked about the mouth. The case which it lay upon the Crown to prove-"beyond all reasonable doubt," as his lordship would, within a very little while remind them-was quite unique, both in its simple definition and in the degree of moral turpitude which it dis-closed. In brief, as the jury had already heard, the prisoner at the Bar stood charged with the forgery of a willthe will of his late uncle-and with a full intent to profit by that crime, had improperly and by criminal means, ob-tained a large sum of money on the false representation of the document's genuineness. Forged it and uttered it, in short. "The prisoner's parents died when he was nine, but his uncle, a man of high repute and commercial substance in the city, adopted him, and in all practical respects was a father to him from that early age. Who of the jury," Mr. Ser- jeant Bullock asked, "has not heard of Mr. Archibald Makin, the rope merchant? "The deceased gentleman fed the prisoner. He clothed the prisoner. He educated the prisoner. And the prisoner was well assured of oppor-tunity for entering his uncle's business, and by diligence and good conduct, ac-quiring an interest in it." "In the week following the late Mr. Makin's death the prisoner, as you shall hear, gentlemen, called upon Mr. Adrian Snarll, a solicitor practising in London Wall. That gentleman he instructed to extract probate of a will represented as that of his deceased uncle, and to Mr. Snarll he handed that instrument. Sub-scribed as witnesses to it were the names of Hames, Bates, and Banks, members of the staff in the house of the late Mr. Makin. We say, gentlemen, and we shall establish it to your complete and utter satisfaction, that this document was a most flagrant and impudent forgery!" "That document, gentlemen, we say is the forgery on which the prisoner stands his trial to-day. And on lt we allege, moreover, that he obtained no less a sum than eight hundred pounds in cash!" The serjeant sat down and blew his nose in a loud trumpeting squeal. The gallery, momentarily relieved from the necessity for a strict silence, broke into subdued and disordered conversation. Presently the serjeant rose again: "Call Mr. Adrian Snarll." A moment later the attorney entered, his black beaver hat slipped between his doeskin-covered fingers, and in his other hand a thick cane mounted with an or- nate gold band. Yes, he knew the prisoner. It was a fact that he had received certain in- structions from him on the twelfth of April last. "What, now, were those instructions, Mr. Snarll?" asked the serjeant. "Or, better, be so good, sir, as to inform the Court of the business discussed between the prisoner and you." "The prisoner called at my office, mlord, and asked my clerk whether-" Even and mellifluous, the judge's voice spoke again from beneath the darkshaded canopy: "You might, I think, Mr. Snarll, confine yourself to the prisoner's conversation with you, not with your clerk." The witness bowed and smiled In ob-sequious ease. The judge smiled, too, gently, as one who had, with consum-mate good taste, administered rebuke. "The prisoner said, T am the sole executor and beneficiary under the will of my uncle, the late Mr. Archibald Makin, who died the week before last-' " The witness stopped. "Yes, Mr. Snarll, yes?" prompted Mr. Serjeant Bullock, with his eyes upon the jury. "He said, 'I want you to get'me let-ters of administration of his will.' He said letters of administration, but I un-derstood him to refer to the probate. He handed me the will-or what he told me was the will-of the deceased." "Did you," inquired the serjeant, "read that document?" "I did, sir." The serjeant shuffled swiftly among the papers on the table, lifted a sheet, < and beckoned an usher to take lt to the witness in the box. "Tell me, Mr. Snarll, is that the docu-ment which the prisoner handed to you?" The attorney took it in his hand, glanced down the page, and returned it to the waiting usher. "Yes." "My lord," said Serjeant Bullock, "I propose putting this document in." The recorder read it, passed it down to the clerk, and settled back again in dim obscurity. On the sworn evidence of the lawyer, the prisoner called on him again within four days, and, upon the security of what purported to be a written charge on the estate, obtained an ad-vance of eight hundred pounds. With patient certitude and practised prompt-ing, the sergeant spun his web. Then, in succession, there came and spoke their testimonies, Hames, Agnes Bates, and Banks. Hames, in examination, recalled among other things that he "witnessed" what the deceased gentleman said was his will, on the evening of the twenty-flfth of March. He, the witness, had not read it. Yes, he saw the signature, "Thos. Hames," on the paper shown to him. Was lt his signature? It probably was. Come, could he not be sure? No. It looked better writ than usual. Could he write? Yes, he could! (somewhat trucu-lently). No, he did not know the late Mr. Makin's handwriting. The house-keeper and the butler were more definite. With Hames, they disclosed that they were summoned to the library, where/in each other's presence, and In that of the groom, they "witnessed a will." They did not read it, nor did they know its terms. Tense and confused, the three sat for the remainder of the trial in the en- closure for examined witnesses, they groom, from time to time, regarding Archbold with a sympathetic eye. They called for the soberly-dressed and middle-aged solicitor, Mr. Alan Bayl- don, and, after him, an expert in hand-writing - in private occupation he was a bill - clerk in Coutts's Bank - spoke incisively and to the point. The signature on that (the will alleged to be a forgery-Exhibit A) was not, in the witness's opinion, written by the per-son who signed, "Archibald Makin," on this-and this-and this (all of them letters signed by the dead man shortly before his death). That was, of course, his opinion. Any reasons for the opinion? Assuredly. Could he give them? He did. JOHN ARCHBOLD spoke. With the first words, his voice, silent so long, broke on a ludicrous fal-setto note. The gallery laughed outright. This was, my coveys, splendid sport! But within a moment it regained its usual smooth fullness and he continued. It was, he said, quite true that for many years his uncle had maintained him. And lt was also true that his habits ofof - extravagance had caused an estrangement between them. Mr. Makin had threatened to disinherit him-on several occasions. But always there had been a reconciliation within a few days. The servants had spoken the truth. But the will they had witnessed was the only will he knew of. The will he took to Mr. Snarll, he had -found-in his uncle's desk In the library. Certainly, he-the prisoner-did not write lt. Nor did he write any of the signatures on it. He did not forge the signatures. He believed-how could he think otherwise?-that Mr. Makin wrote and signed that will, although now he knew that it had been revoked by that executed in Mr. Bolden's-Bayldon'soffice. Himself, he thought his uncle meant only to frighten him, and made a pretence of disinheriting him in Mr. Wolff's favor. The judge Inclined his head and asked him had he more to say. Archbold had not. Did Mr. Serjeant Bullock propose to address? The Ser-jeant rose. If it pleased his lordship, no. But three questions he should like to ask the prisoner. "Prisoner, be so kind, pray, as to attend to me. You were present when Mr. Makin, on the twenty-fifth of March, wrote out the rough memorandum of the will in Mr. Wolff's favor?" "Yes. I had-" " 'Yes' is sufficient answer. You were present?" "Yes." "You heard the deceased state that the new will was to be drawn in those terms?" "I heard him say-" "Did you, or did you not, hear him say that Come, sir, it is an answer I want." "Yes." "Very well. Why, on the evening of your uncle's death, and when you were in the library, did you remove the will from a desk drawer?" "I wanted to read it. I knew it would be there." The Serjeant's heavy brows came down. "Was the drawer locked?" "Yes. But my uncle kept the key on a small hook underneath the desk-top." "And-I think you have told us-you thought the proceedings in the library that day, when the old will was destroyed and the rest of it, were a device merely to 'frighten' you. Is that it? Is that what you suggest, eh?" "I-yes-I thought so-" "Now, slr, let us have none of your equivocation, if you please. Is that what you suggest to the jury?" "Yes-lt ls." The Serjeant sat down with an inaud-ible comment and the recorder com-menced and ordered and well-balanced summing up. At Ave o'clock they brought him up again, as the jury filed back into their seats. From-a door masked by tapestries of scarlet cloth, the judge walked in. The herded gallery crouched close. Archbold stood upright, and it seemed, quite undismayed. A mirror, placed to catch the light, flashed pale reflections on his head. But from a great distance he could hear the troubled rushing of a wave borne hurriedly on by a great wind. "How say you, gentlemen? Is the prisoner guilty or not guilty?" The wave reached up and threw a pall of darkness over all-the blurring figure in Its blood-red swathes, the jury, end the crowd. It hung between the world and sky, a world which spun a thousand times too swift for the slow pulsing of his freezing heart. "Guilty!" The wave burst in a great spout of roaring sound, and carried, unresisting, on its flood, his consciousness and pain. They stood him on his feet. In a smooth formula of words, the judge asked him if he knew of any reason why sen-tence of death should not be passed upon him. He shook his head. The- sentence was pronounced. The crowd stood up and craned their necks as, slowly, step by heavy step, he passed from their sr.jt and down into the first of his two graves. A ils day succeeded day, Archbold waited for the summons to come forth--the summons which would bid him stand with pinioned arms upon the scaf-fold floor. From the money which he had, he sent out for a copy of "Don Quixote"-always a favorite of his. He rode, all unsuspected, with the addlepated knight (whose blazonry was pathos, after all) and with him, shared his fat, droll, bearded squire. In a new-found renaissance of his spirit he discovered, in the pages of the book, more of himself than he had ever guessed existed. He dwelt In a new world of thought, apply-ing its lesson to himself. On the thirteenth day, he heard out-side the footsteps of more men than one, and standing up faced those who came for him. The governor, the chaplain, and a turnkey. But, since His Majesty, King William, had a mind to clemency, their mission was not that which he expected. "Prisoner" said the Governor, a sallow, clerkly man whose eyes and hair seemed almost of the same bleached tinge of grey-"Prisoner-I am come upon a pleasing mission." "It is His Majesty's pleasure, Pris-oner," resumed the Governor, "that you be reprieved the penalty of death, or-dained for such as you who break the law." "His Majesty's further pleasure, Pris-oner, is that you be transported beyond the seas to the Colony of New South Wales, there to be kept in penal servitude for a term of seven years, and upon pain of death, to return no more into the United Kingdom. The Governor coughed again, folded the warrant of reprieve, and looked John Archbold in the face. "You owe the King thanks, my man," said lie. A HEY had named the long crooked street after the old king. That was, of course, long before he be-came cracked and made a nuisance of himself to his family and equerries at Windsor. Strangely enough, though, it ran a long and winding course, with an- the slow volutions of an old and sick man's brain. Down to this day the old street winds and turns. From Sydney Cove it wandered gener-ally south and west, with cottages and shops and inns on either hand, and past the barracks on the western side. Past King Street mounted at the summit of the hill with the Church of St. James and the convict barracks, built by the dourfaced Laird of the Mull, Lachlan Mac- quarie, the great governor, the old street bore its course, hard by the buryingground and out beyond the brick kilns on the dusty hill. Beyond more little hills, down Taver-ner's, and through the open countryside to Parramatta, as the Great Western Road, it twined. Beyond the great iron ramparts of the mountains, turning and winding still, it passed out to the broad brown plains and solemn rivers of the Virgin West. Within the town it was a strange and fascinating street, and, in its mottled sUavíiy cf shade and light, most pictur-esquely quaint. By day it echoed to the creaking groan of laden bullock-drays, the ra.¿le of the coaches with the mails, uid the innumerable carriages and carts which carried merchandise and people to and round the town. By night a multi-tude of whale-oil lanterns made it a thoroughfare of pleasant mystery. Below Bridge Street, and by a little lane called Rodman's Court, a shady place which smelt with all the chilly fresh ness of a well, there stood a narrowfronted house of brick. It had two floors, peaked with a gabled attic at the top. The front door opened on three steps to the street. The sandstone steps were scrubbed. The open shutters on one side showed a hint of fresh chintz-patterned walls within. Above the door, a narrow sign was fixed, and, upon six days in the week, was heard the clacking chatter of a small machine inside. Within the house the light was dim, save in a room upon one side, which faced the street. There, in a litter of paper scraps, tools whose wooden handles shone darkly from their years of use, and trays of type, a small man stood at work. While he worked he chattered to him-self in a quiet and running monotone. In the centre of the room an old man, gnarled and twisted like a very ancient tree, stood and worked a hand-press. He grunted as he put his weight upon the lever bar, and when the gleaming plate came up, he twitched the paper off and placed it neatly on a nearby heap. The little man in spectacles looked round to see how much the twisted man had done. "I think," said Jacob, "that will be enough, Sheahan. Pack them up, now, and take them round. But"-the inkstained finger of his left hand stabbed at the air with an amusing emphasis"but, not on no account will you leave them without the money." Jacob untied his apron with long and pliant fingers, thrust up his spectacles upon his nose, and with a brisk step walked down the narrow passage and out into the yard. In its cool shadiness, paved with rough flags and green with many full-leaved plants growing in halves of casks and wooden tubs, he washed himself beneath a gurgling pump. A splendid, kingly tree grew in the yard. It made a pygmy of the little man beneath its mighty bulk. Whistling almost soundlessly, he vigor-ously scrubbed his face and arms upon a jack-towel hanging by the door, and rasped it round his grey and thinning hair. He heard the front door open. And he heard it close. Firm footsteps climbed the narrow stairs. Hearing them, Jacob went into the small dining- room, whose window opened on the yard, and since his breakfast-time was near, put on an old brown coat. There, sitting in a splash of warm sunlight, which streamed in through the window at his back, he pulled his specta-cles down on his nose and read the Wed-nesday's issue of the "Courier." It came out thrice a week. Sneath was the editor and proprietor. A round table was laid for breakfast. The cloth was white, and, in two places, very neatly darned. Two fresh, brown loaves smoked faintly underneath a nap- kin. Outside, the sun crept slowly round in vivid, orange pools of dancing light and myriads of madly-whirling motes. They caught the little printer's drowsy eye, and watching them, he dozed and fell asleep. Down in a small lane at the back, a lazy cart creaked by. In George Street rapid footsteps came and went and wheels, soft-muffled in the dust, turned ponderously on their way. He failed to hear her as her footsteps sounded on the stairs, and she found him sleeping, his chin sunk in his collar, his spectacles awry. "tr -TATHER! Father! Oh, you're asleep, and it's past nine o'clock!" Lightly she ruffled up the grey hair at the back of his head, and softly tweaked his ear. Startled, he raised his head, and, for a moment, looked bewildered, and very much like a small owl bemused. "Janet, my dear, I have been sitting here only five minutes. And, yes, I am very hungry." She pulled his collar straight, then stooped and kissed his nose. From her thick flaming hair the sun struck dancing gold, and when she raised her face her strangely colored amber eyes sparkled, shining with radiant health. Jacob stood up. He stretched and yawned, and with a cat-like gesture rubbed his hands across his face. Janet hurried into the kitchen, while, in a pleasant abstraction of the mind, he paced about the little room. As she cooked sausages, he heard her singing to herself, and in a voice which had in it a strange and haunting quality, quite undefinable. Not beautiful, per-haps, but in its low-toned nuances it laid upon the listening ear a sense of gentle languor and content. They sat at breakfast-the printer, hungry, after three hours' working in the shop, and Janet pink and joyous from her early-morning marketing. Her small square teeth bit like a healthy squirrel's into warm, brown bread, and made its crust crack like the sound of dry corn trampled underfoot. "I saw Sheahan down in Pitt Street, father. He looked as cross as two sticks. What had you said to him?" She raised her eyebrows and her red lips parted in a smile. Jacob looked un and tapped his knife upon the edge of his plate. "Sheahan, Janet dear, forgets at times that he is an assigned servant, and swears altogether too much about things that he hasn't any right to-to-to-" He fumbled hurriedly for a word, and con-cluded: "To swear about." Janet raised her head and laughed, a rich, joyous little laugh, which rang out with the music of a bell. "Oh, father, dear, you aie too funny when you get lost like that!" Her face fell back into repose as though a shadow passed across the sun. "But, daddy, I heard you on Saturday; you were scolding him dreadfully. After- wards, I heard him crying to himself. You see, dear, he is such a poor, bent old man." She toyed with the handle of a small, blue jug. The eyes with the suggestion of sleeping flame in them softened magi-cally in compassion. "After all, dear, I know him ever so much better than you ever could." Then she laughed again. "He taught me to swear, for one thing-" "Prut, prut, my little girl-" "Now, please, you will not interrupt me." She admonished him in a mock severity of tone. "Because, if you do, then I shall not tell you any more. Yes-" She smiled mischievously as she stirred brown sugar in her cup with an ungenteel and rapid twirling of the spoon held in her firm hand. "Yes. I get the strangest swears from Denny." Jacob jolted his chair back. His eye-lids flickered in astonishment. She cautioned him to silence with a raised forefinger. "And then, his fairy tales! Oh, the queer old man ! He talks at night to little leprechauns, he says, and is always afraid of seeing the banshee." With a gasp of delight she recollected something, and, elbows on table, wriggled luxuriously in her chair. Jacob twined honey on his knife-point and spread it thinly on a crust. Jacob smiled. In a fragrant little flurry of muslin, she came round and sat by his side. "Sheahan, dear," said he, "is a very queer old man, and I like him a great deal. But he has done-don't forget itsome very evil things in his day." She interrupted him. "I know that, daddy. He killed a woman once." Her face relaxed in grave, soft lines. Her eyes looked pained. For a few min- utes both of them, the printer and the girl, sat quiet, until she spoke again. "But let's not speak of such a thing. It's all so very long ago. And now he's such a battered little man, and so very fond of you. Daddy, I've heard his tales of the old days. They've made me cry at night. Once, too, I saw his poor old back. Oh-" Her hand closed sharply on her father's knee and Jacob patted it, his kindly small face puckered up. "There, dear," said he. "You have no need to worry. Sheahan can live his old days out with us. He knows that, I think. Sometimes I find myself looking at him and wondering what his life might have been. He came out as a boy of eighteen In one of the early fleets. Dear, dear, a long, long time it is." He mused a while. From that, another thought occurred to him. "We have been here, ourselves, five years." They heard the old man's footsteps echo down the passage to the kitchen, where he took his meals. "Ah, that reminds me," said Jacob, looking up and half-turning toward the window at his back. "Sheahan tells me that another transport has come in." "Yes, I heard it when I was out," the girl replied. "Father, when will the people at home stop sending those wretched men out here? Ship after ship, year after year. All full of unhappy souls in that awful muddy grey, with eyes that always look as though they blame us." Her own golden colored eyes smoul-dered. Through the window a perfume of jasmine crept in from the courtyard and lingered like a soft caress. "The time, my dear, did pass long ago. But I doubt me they will stop these many years." He brushed crumbs from his knee and made to rise. Glancing up quickly then, he said : "I think I will buy Sneath out." O V/H, father, how pleased I am! Ah, you're a cunning old scamp, sir. Every day, for I don't know, how long, you've gone out to see that Mr. Sneath, but never a word to me. And a newspaper, too! So now you'll have your wish, at last." She leaned her elbows farther over on the table, arranged small lines of crumbs upon the cloth, and blew them helterskelter, with a puff. "And how much will you give for the business, daddy?" "For the business," the little printer answered her, "I will give Sneath just four hundred pounds." He 'said it deter-minedly, and as though he had schooled himself to a lesson. "And not one farthing more." He ran a thumb and forefinger around his pointed chin. "No, we shall not move from here. I will get a man, later, to help me with . Sheahan. But not yet. I can do all that's wanted for a while." He smiled broadly, in a boy's way, and chirruped to a tabby cat which moved with silent steps across the floor. "Yes," he continued, "I shall print the paper here, in Rodman's Court. Why, it will be like old days again at home! I have grown tired of job-printing, day after day. But now," he clapped his hands and rubbed them briskly on his knees, ''now-the newspaper! The 'Courier'!" He ruffled a carefully laundered shirtfrill with his hand and set his spectacles up higher on his nose. "And now, Janet, my dear, I must be off." With unhurried preciseness, Jacob folded his napkin, pulled down his cuffs, and rose to go. "I must go out, too, daddy. I promised Susan Thistlethwaite that I would call round first thing this morning. I'll be done very quickly." She helped him change his coat and kissed him before he went. Then she packed the dishes on a tray and took them to the kitchen. "Denny! Oh, Denny!" she called to the little bondsman as she went. The old man answered her from the stone store-shed at the back. "Comm", Miss Jhanet. Comln,lH "Denny," said she, In a most porten-tous whisper, when he came close. "Denny, you old scamp, you were drunk last night! Come, now, no fibs. You were?" "Phwat! Me? Miss Jhanet, how could Oi tell yez the loi? 'Tis no, sez Oi. Divil a dhrink did Oi 'ave, save wan black porther at the Arrms, whin Oi wint out wid 'is honor y'r feyther's letter. "Tis the thruth, so 'tis." "I don't believe a word of what you say. Here, take this cloth and wash up while I dry the plates." He rolled his sleeves up and set about his work. Standing by the frothing dish, and no higher than the girl's shoulder, he looked more like a wizened gnome than ever. "Tell me, Denny, the transport that came in this morning-is it a big one?" "A toidy ship it is, indade, Miss Jhanet, Oi've heard tell. They build 'em bigger ivery year." "And what's her name, Denny?" "Her name? Her name, yez says? Och -oh-begosh! A sad, bad name it is, as Oi did take the face to tell 'is honor y'r feyther this mornin'. 'Tis the Lorrd Prrotictor. Ah-pah-the Lorrd Protic tor! Phout!" In his indignation and disgust, he spat unerringly into the dish of suds and plates. Then, peering in, he looked sur-prised. "Why, of all the dirty- Piing that water out at once and put fresh in!" The dancing mirth in her golden eyes belied the severity of her tone. The little Irish renegade, still incredulous of his own reckless temerity, looked up ador-ingly at her, as, in her fresh girlish beauty, she scolded him. She teased him lightly on the transport's name; and asked him had he seen more leprechauns and little codgers. His eyes lit up. "Ah, them?" he answered her. "Last night Oi did hear 'em caperin' about in the owld shed. Lapin' and gimcrackin', too, so they were, fit to wake the dead." She let him chatter on until his plates, were dried, when he limped back to the workshop, and soon the clacking of the press rose above the street noises outside. Because the day grew warm, she dressed in a fresh-patterned muslin, and, step-ping from the three steps to the street, soon became lost among the many people passing up and down. A chain of men, iron-fettered, bent and labored at a drain. But so used were the citizens to seeing iron-fettered men at work that fef^ stopped to regard them. Janet, a baskM on her arm, walked briskly on her waj, smiling sometimes at acquaintances she passed. She went along George Street and stopped a while to see the new sheets in the window of the music shop. Then, at the corner, turned and continued up King Street, lined upon either side with small neat shops. Two soldiers, jacketed in red, and flushed with rum. ogled the girl above their high leathern stocks. But she, unheeding, walked the little hill which King Street climbed, and passed the courthouse and the church. There, at the corner of Macquarie Street, and by St. James', a straggling crowd of people of the middle class were drawn across the road. They blocked her way. Of a portly matron, then, whose red, moist face was "almost lost in the shadow of an immense coal-scuttle bon-net, Janet asked what the people there were waiting for. The woman turned. "Convicts, ma'am. From the new ship." A few small urchins scampered noisily across the street. The sentry at the con-vict barracks stood like a brightly- painted toy. The high sun gleamed upon the buckle of his pipe-clayed belt, and lin-gered, glittering, upon his bayonet's point. High on the gabled barracks wall, a clock, whose hours were figured out in gilt, struck a shrill, vibrating note. It was eleven. Far down the street, a faint cloud of dust was seen, like red smoke hanging low, and, in a minute's space, the sound of footfalls of many men fell on the ears. They marched in fours, and in three blocks of men, and, when the escort looked another way, some called out ribald jests to people in the crowd. The girl in patterned muslin stood still, her rosy underlip caught lightly In her teeth, and watched the pitiable men in ugly grey slouch past. They all had wool-len caps upon their heads. Someone called "Tom!" A man whose face was clown-like in its dull vacuity stopped momentarily and stared. His stupid face lit up and smiled, until a soldier jolted him viciously in the back and urged him on. In the third squad there marched a tall man with his head held high. His cap sat boyishly upon his close-cropped crown. As he approached the group of which the waiting girl was one, his eyes met hers, and held them in a full regard. He strode four paces on and still looked in her face. The little teeth bit deeper on her lip. Her glowing tawny eyes dilated, and as quickly veiled. Obeying a strange impulse, which caused her ' quickened heart to throb almost to pain, she lifted up her face, that light might strike beneath her bonnet brim, and smiled at him. Slowly the girl turned back and made her way home. , Rapidly mounting the steep staircase, she entered her bedroom, a neat and ordered little room of starched, tucked frills and fragrant lavender, threw her bonnet on the bed, and fell upon her knees, a flushed face prisoned in her hands. Tears started through her fingers and trickled on her wrist. "Lord, oh, Lord!" she whispered hur-riedly through sobs. "I've never asked Thee for much. Not very much, at least." The fingers of one hand made meaningless small pleats in the coverlet of her bed. "But, why, now, why must they bring him like this?" It was a heartrending whispered col-loquy she held with Him. "Now, please, dear Lord, that I may have him for my own; and soon, perhaps? It does not matter that his cap is wool-len and his clothes are grey. But do not let it happen that he go away. Because lt would hurt so. "And, oh, don't let them hurt him. Don't let them. Don't let them cut his back like Denny's. Let it be always me that's hurt. Me-I could stand so very much." T AHE little printer and his daughter sat alone, a deop-bowled lamp between them on the table top. In its glow their features were marked in blurred and shadowed lines. A small coal fire burned softly In the grate and threw a flickering reflection from the copper kettle muttering on the hob. Jacob, his slippered feet out-thrust to feel the warmth dozed in a rocking chair, the arms of which had been worn black these many years. His spectacles were aslant upon the tip of his nose, and by drooping hand there lay a crumpled news-paper. He sighed and worked his stockinged toes contentedly, then settled deeper in the chair. Janet sat by the table edge, within the full gleam cf the lamp. In the rich light her stooped head smouldered ruddily, but when she lifted it, lamp-glow suffused her throat. Jacob sat up and looked across at her. Hearing the creaking of his chair, she turned. "Father," she spoke in a low and hesi-tating t«ne which caused him to look more keenly at her-"father, I saw the men-from the transport-going up to the barracks to-day." "Ach, and not a very pretty sight toN see, that," answered Jacob, as he picked up the news-sheet and commenced to fold it upon his knee. "How did you come there, my dear? Were you with Miriam?" "No. I had gone up King Street, and was there when he-they-were taken past." Presently she asked: "Denny won't be enough for you when you take the 'Courier' over, will he, Daddy? Or will you take the men that Mr. Sneath has now?" Jacob stood up, stretched himself, and sharply tapped his foot upon the floor to restore the circulation of its blood. He pulled his mouth round in a wry grimace and shuffled up the little room and back. "I don't know that yet," he said. "Per-haps two of us, with Sheahan, could do it. . Three certainly could." He looked at her quizzically. "Why, my dear, have you someone-a candidate -in your mind?" "Me? Oh, no, father! Oh, no!" She leaned across the table, whose oval surface glowed like a great polished jewel. The amber eyes, half-veiled looked down. "Daddy, why didn't you ever get mar-ried again?" The question, falling like a plummet on a line, almost shocked the little printer in its simple directness. "Eh? What's that, eh? What's that? Me? Married again? And, missy, for why should I Eh, just you tell me that, if you please." He took his glasses from his nose and fell to rubbing them upon his sleeve. He looked confounded, and inconsequentially went on, speaking in a high voice, as a man will who is suddenly confronted with a startling prospect. "Your mother was a good woman-a remarkably good woman. You know, when she died, I was the little one's nurse. Now, if it comes to that, the idea of marrying never entered my head. I had the family to keep." (An old joke of his, this, whereat she smiled with him.) "And when the family grew up-you are a big tall girl, Janet, but plumper than Alma, your mother-I say, when the family grew up I wanted nothing but to do my day's work quietly and sleep without the feel-ing of a stranger in the house." "But, Daddy, I am twenty, now. What of you when I-if I-get married" "Ah, yes"-he sat down rather hur-riedly and looked infinitely woebegone. "I think of it a great deal, dear, indeed, At night. Twenty. Are you twenty? Tut, prut, so you are." He seemed perturbed and apprehensive at the shadow both had conjured up, and seeing him in such plight, Janet came f closer to his side, and, with her knees beneath her chin sat by his feet. She seemed about to say more, but the little grey printer's abstraction and immobility as he caressed her hair and stared into the fire bade her be silent. Quietly, the two of them watched crimson grottoes in the grate. A HEY sent John Arch bold in his gang a-hewing stone, carving the Argyle Cut-a gloomy shadowed place behind the area they called The Rocks. It is so called until this day. About this place short narrow lanes, squalid and dis-mal, laced their crooked ways. Twelve months had passed with lagging feet, their passage measured by the iron tooth of his polished-handled pick in the unyielding stone. By day, and every day, the overseer walked up the line, sat in a shaded corner, and walked back. And slowly, in those heavy months, the men wrought at the narrow alleyway, which carved its slow and sombre course, cut through the living rock by iron and strain-ing backs and calloused hands. Nineteen composed the gang. Bellowes, at first, was one of them. The overseer's name was Bowles, a crafty man of small spites and petty malevolences. The other men who formed the clinking chain, for their greater number, nonde-script and vicious scamps-a fair sample of the system. Although, in his outward appearance, Archbold had changed comparatively little-although the keen blue eyes were still steady and clear, the rigor of the oppressive discipline, and a thousand affronts to the man's innate self- respect, had hardened his lips, the lower one of which jutted slightly out in an almost sardonic fixity, and engraved their own inevitable marks. Bellowes, who had become his friend in that soul-searing time on the Lord Protector, plied a crow-bar and worked close behind. And high above their heads small backyards flaunted skimpy lines of clothes. Throughout the day people passed up and down to Windmill Street, a lowly quarter given up to lab- orers and artisans. Higher up, on the hill, and farther to the left, were Prince's Street and Fort Street, where merchant families, lawyers, and others of the gen-teel class, had prim, snug houses built of brick or stone. There, too, was the Military Hospital, which, in the later days, became a famous school. Archbold, himself, had realised-who better qualified, indeed, than he?-that the brutalities and vices of the system of which he was a living part, had, by al-most imperceptible degrees, insensitised the finer aspects of his mind. Not that he had lost anything of mental vigor, or of accurate and rapid comprehension. But there could be no doubt that the subtler facets of his intellect were cloud-ing; and he knew it very well. Since that first day, when the tall girl in the muslin frock, which looked so cool and cheerful in the sun, had smiled at him as he marched from the Cove and up the hill-the girl whose eyes were glowing with the color of hot gold-he had seen men, not once, or occasionally, but incredibly often, flogged with a shock-ing barbarity of ritual and vindictive vigor for infractions of discipline, them-selves absurd. And, since nature seldom takes, but that she does not give some compensation in return, there had grown quietly in his heart the slow-forged tem-per, which, for want of a better word, you and I call character. Morose? At times. Resentful? Sometimes that. But at all times, patient, against the day when he would enjoy some measure of personal freedom, whether by concession or, since the thought had more than once occurred to him, escape. In a word, he had grown formidable: because he had learnt the great and abid- ing lesson-how to wait. Perpetually his thoughts turned back and travelled down the year since he stepped off the swaying gangway of the Lord Protector and set his foot upon the jetty steps. Many and many a time the incident of the girl who smiled at him recurred to Archbold's mind. And just as many times he built the scene and saw the steepled-church's bricks glow warmly in the sun. Silent and taciturn, seemingly all-absorbed in the dull sameness of his tireless work, he strove to re-create in every detail her face and its expression, and her dress. Sometimes he looked upon the buildings, clustered and rising from the Cove, and with an inexplicable and painful quickening of the heart, re-flected that she dwelt "down there." That she might, months ago, have left the colony, or gone inland, or even died, did not occur to him. Slowly, laboriously, the Cut crept on its way, and, in the night hours, brood- ing in dark and deep-massed shadow shapes, lay like a dumb thing, resting and softly panting after the scarifying of cutting iron. Archbold, and those who worked with him, toiled doggedly in heat and rain, with curving backs and dusty feet wideset, spurred to their labor by the overseer and by the menace of short rations or the whip. Prom time to time whitetrousered soldiers clumped in their thick boots down the hill. Then came the dismal winter rains. They swept and pattered on the seeping, muddy clay. Bellowes began to cough. He tired too easily. With dull foreboding at his sinking heart, creeping unbidden like a ghost across the landing of an ancient house, John Archbold flinched to hear him in the night. "r> JJ ELLOWES," he said one day, when Bowles, the overseer, was farther up the line, "why don't you go sick, man, and have a spell? You can't go on like this, you know. Go sick, I say." "Sick?" replied Bellowes, in a broken voice. "Sick? And lie in that infirmary? Not me, Archbold. No. Out here it's not so bad. There's the sun, for one thing. But down there-" He jerked his head towards the far side of the town. "Down there a man goes in, and just as surely dies. Besides, the place stinks of coffin Bhavings." . So he referred to the convict hospital, over in Macquarie Street. He leaned upon his ponderous bar, breathing pain-fully and hard. His pasty face grew moist with sweat. A scarlet flush spread on his cheeks. Into the hospital poor Bellowes simply would not go. But in a fortnight's time the man's condition was too evident to disregard. Bowles slowly walked along the jingling line and then stopped short. For a time he watched Bellowes plunging the bar down with a Short clang and jarring shock upon his hands. . "Look here, you fine boy, you," said he, "I've had my eye on you for long enough. You're loafing! D'ye hear me?" He stood with his hands in his coatpockets and thrust his sharp-featured ferret-face forward. Bellowes lifted his grey face, slightly shook his head, and drove the bar down again with a pathetic energy. The exertion set him coughing again. Bowles watched him narrowly, and through a screwed-up eye. "You're malingering, any more of lt, and I'll give you something to cough for!" The overseer gave a spiteful imitation of the man's coughing and the chain of men giggled nervously. Archbold swung his pick savagely and grunted when it quivered in the stone. Behind him, he heard Bellowes speaking in a bloodless tone, as though he were a long, long dis-tance off. "No, sir, it's not malingering," he said. "But, somehow, I can't work as I used to. I think my lung's touched with the wet." He coughed again, spat, and wiping his stiff lips with a fragment of soiled rag, looked at it and held it out for Bowles to see. Bowles saw. "Blood, eh? Then what is the matter, with you? You was a doctor, wasn't you?"' Bellowes dropped his bar and stood erect. His drawn face worked convul-sively, betraying his resentment of the confession. His eyes, deep set within their bony sockets, glowed. "Matter?" he retorted with a short laugh. "Matter? Matter enough. I've got consumption." The overseer started as though he had been stung. "Consumption!" Momentarily, he knew an inexpressible and faint stirring of his heart. With a gesture intended to be kindly, he poked Bellowes in the ribs. He turned. Bellowes was also intently gazing down the hill, leaning abstractedly upon his'bar. Quietly, within the frayed and rotten jacket which hg wore, his dry breath rasped. "Then," said Bowles, bestirring himself, "you'll go to the infirmary. No time for lame dogs here, you know." He laughed and looked confused, harboring crude compassion in his breast. "I'd rather not, sir. Much'rather not." Bellowes dropped his voice and held the overseer's eyes. He spoke urgently and with a latent entreaty in his voice. "Look, I know all about this. My mother died of it. I'll die of it, sure enough, too. But, if I've got to-why, it isn't such a bad ex-change for this slavery, is it? And listen, sir, why can't a man die here? Out in the open air. Infirmaries? I know all about infirmaries. Whitewash and poultices. Besides-" "All right. All right. That's for the doctor to say. Get on with that now." John Archbold worked without con-scious effort. Men will when shocked; or when the shadow of a fear is drawn across their hearts. Bellowes to die? But, Lord, that wasn't possible. Confronted with the likelihood, he utterly refused to enter-tain it. Men do that, too. Bellowes could go into the infirmary for a while, and when he came out, discharged, get an as-signment as a servant out at Windsor, or, say, upon a farm at Campbelltown. But not too far away. "Hey, Bellowes." "What's that?" "Don't you be such a fool. Go into hospital. Are you listening? When you get out-wait a minute-when you get out they'll give you a ticket. That's sure. Then you'll be set up. You could se1¡ up as a sawbones, eh?" He grinned cheerfully over his shoul-der. But Bellowes only grunted. He quite lacked his friend's resiliency and detached acceptance of . their position, and in the past year had declined into a stolid hopelessness. "If I go into that Infirmary, Archbold, take it from me, I'll leave it in a wooden waistcoat." That evening, when the smoky dusk came down, the chain of men tramped stolidly downhill, crossed George Street ahd the hollow-booming little bridge, and so up to their barracks for the night. As they passed through the stone-flagged kitchen and received their rations, Bowles, who stood talking to an officer of the military guard, nodded towards Bellowes' stooping back and said: "That's him." Bellowes, next morning, was called from the line, while the roll was being called. As the gang moved out, he stood aside and just inside the gates. Its two leaves closed. And in a sharply-narrow-ing perspective, he saw them winding down the hill. He saw Archibold's bat-tered cap and wished to cry. His eyelids stiffened. There was a bitter taste within his throat. He waited in the yard until the surgeon had had his morning meal. XJMPH. NOW let's have a look at your eyes. Hm-m-m." A small clock ticked quite savagely upon the mantelpiece. "Now, here. Breathe, man, breathe. What's that? Hurts? Oh, hurts be hanged. Now, again. That's it. Yes. Once more. Lift your arms up higher. Is that where you say it hurts? Well, try again. Yes, yes, yes, go on. I see. All right, button up." The surgeon, a thick-necked man sub-ject to asthma, rapped the other man's thin, rib-marked chest. Without a word he washed his hands. The tall gaunt fel-low with his jacket off followed his move-ments with a steady stare. "It's in my left lung, isn't it, sir?" "Eh? How the devil do you know that? Ah, yes, yes. You're-you were-one of the faculty, weren't you?" He made the quick correction as he moistened a quillpoint in his mouth. Then he sat down and wrote some four lines in a rapid sprawling hand. Up in the left-hand corner was a mystic R/. He turned in his chair and handed the note to Bellowes, who nodded understandingly. "Well, now, look here, my man. You're in a pretty sick way. We'll see what a week or two by way of a spell will do. Take this in to the superintendent of the hos-pital and they'll do their best for you." So Bellowes had his spell. He lay in the infirmary until the late autumn, when, racked and coughing, and not quite in his senses, he spat up the last fragments of his life. He died one morning, when a grey mist, sweeping from the river, swathed the town. They buried him in the rain. Bowles, as a mute expression of his sympathy, gave Archbold Bellowes' bar with which to work. But when he plunged it singing in the stone, he thought that he could surely hear Bellowes' hard cough behind him as he worked. The fancy haunted him. For eight'months more the other men carved out the sombre Argyle Cut. But they could only make a pit of it in which the gladsome sun-> light never shone. Its walls were stark and frowned in daylight as they did by night, save for a dappling of light which lit the entrance as a torch might light a tomb. Archbold was taken from the gang be-fore the work was done. Indeed, soon afterwards, the men were brought away, and the Argyle Cut remained incomplete for many years. Upon the morning of a winter's day he walked with his long stride down George Street, past the semi-circular quay and to the gaunt stone commissariat stores erected by the sturdy one who thought that any man who cared could be a worthy citizen, no matter what the ship was called which brought him out. A few thought differently. Per-haps their sympathies lay overmuch with sheep? Instead of the familiar creased leather forage cap, he wore a broad felt hat. Ttouseres and jacket were of grey. His left hand was thickly bandaged; and as he walked, he kept that arm pressed close to his side. Three weeks before one of the gang had struck a great sledge upon a bar which Archbold held. The heavy head glanced from the thick burred Iron and smashed two fingers of the man's left hand. They amputated the fourth finger at the top joint. Arrived at the dark stone building with the long gabled roof, which still stands on the west side of the Cove, he presented his note to the senior clerk. That officer, stooped, bilious and bleak, with pale, near-sighted eyes, and trousers tightstrapped over blockish boots, sent him up to the foreman. The foreman set him whipping rope. The old convict told off to work with him, called Dicky Dan, bent his bowed shoulders as he wrenched the lashing tight. Archbold, at first, could only use one hand, and held the twitching ropesends still as they were bound. Later, and for a long time afterwards, he sat upon a trestle-bench, his legs crossed tailorwise, and dexterously twined waxed whip-ping round frayed ends of new white hemp. T J- HE "Courier" changed hands. For just "four hundred pounds, and not one farthing more," Jacob had purchased it of Sneath. The plant and fittings, type, newsprint, good-will and all the right title and interest thereto belonging and appertaining. So the indenture of assignment had it. After innumerable advances upon Jacob's part, and all the sniping skir-mishing which forms the essential pre-lude to these transactions, both parties found themselves, late on a winter's af-ternoon, in the office of the solicitor. Thomas Dobenny, Esquire. A waxblotched document upon the wall pro-claimed him gentleman. Solicitors, you must know, receive that imprimatur of repute upon their admission to practise. Comparatively few could claim it later in their lives. Dobenny. a plump man rising forty, with a high complexion, had a small and genteelly dingy office in O'Connell Street, not so far from where the Pulteney Hotel stood upon the corner. Small time was wasted in the inter-view, this day, and in exchange for his plump roll of Bank of New South Wales bills, large, stiff and white, Jacob received his deed. He ran his bright eye over its meticulous engrossment on the soursmelling green parchment, and smiled. "Well, Mr. Peglar," said the solicitor, as his clerk wrote out a receipt for costs in the outer office, "so now the respon-sibility for our news will fall on you?" Jacob moved in his chair, and, in so doing, accidentally kicked his tall hat by the table-leg. He picked it up and brushed it carefully. "Yes, yes, indeed, Mr. Dobenny. Of course, newspapers are not altogether new work to me. And then, there is our young friend, Bannister, with his little effort, the 'Colonist.' " "Oh, no, my dear sir," interpolated the late proprietor, Sneath. "Mr. Peglar is a newspaper man to his finger-tips." "And interesting work it must be, I'll be bound," continued Dobenny. "Not a doubt of it. But wearing; very wearing. After all, as our friend Peglar knows, it is a great care, and the news-paper is a fair target for any and all sorts of criticism. I suppose that, if it were not for the satisfaction one has of filling a public need, it wouldn't be worth while carrying on. That is its one great consolation." Sneath, a married man of early middle age, and with a Mrs. Sneath and seven little Sneaths of varying ages and dimen-sions to keep, sighed dispiritedly. "And the advertisements," said Do-benny, mischievously. All three laughed. "Mr. Sneath is right, Mr. Dobenny," Japob went on. He pursed his lips and thrust his spectacles up with a quick twitch of his hand. - "But when all is said and done, it is a fascinating work. Some day, here, we will have a very great city. For, mark you, this yet will be a great country.. Great? Unques- tionably. Great. And where to-day I own the 'Courier,' and Bannister, his 'Colonist'-although, to tell the truth, I do not know how long that rag will run -in our grandchildren's day there will, perhaps, be ten newspapers such as mine." He sat up straighter in his chair and wagged his little head and waved his hand. His voice was raised a trifle as he spoke. "And speaking of a public needthere is a public need for the newspaper if the disgraceful convict system is to cease, and if New South Wales is to be something other than Great Britain's cesspit, for the rest of her life." "Aha, deep water there, Mr. Peglar. Deep water, there, I'm afraid," retorted Dobenny, inwardly cursing his clerk's delay with that receipt. "Still, I wish you all the good luck in the world with the 'Courier.' I suppose you'll be taking Mr. Sneath's men over?" "I do not think so. Not yet. I have a very capable man. And then, of course, there is my daughter, Janet. Have you met Janet, my daughter? No? She will give me such other help as I expect I shall want for a time. No, I don't think I will take another man. Not just yet. I do not wish to fill my printing shop with assigned servants. But later-later -we shall see. Besides, I am, you knew, a particularly active man. Particularly active. Indeed, I am as good as two." Soon afterwards, thej went their several ways. And Jacob's took him home to Rodman's Court. c k_/HE heard him open the front door and flurried down the stairs to greet him. Anticipation, keen and joyous, irradiated from' her vivacious face. "Oh, father, is it done? And is it ours?" "Done? Done, dearest? Done? Is what done? And is what 'ours'?" "Oh, you are too tiresome. Is all th« business done? With Mr. Sneath?" "Ah, the business--" The little man's eyes twinkled, and as he took her in his arms his own trembled for very love of her, and for the future joy which should abide in Rodman's Court. "Done, of course it's done! And I-" He struck a mock heroic attitude, held her at full arm's length, then drawing her in close, kissed her warm eyelids with his eager chattering lips. "I-I-I am the 'courier.' Ha, ha!" Father and daughter had their evening meal. Denny removed the plates. When Jacob told him of the purchase of the "Courier," the little Irishman's face shone. He skipped, and with his head upon one side, expressed himself with point and an unwonted brevity. "Arrah! The devil yez'ave? Phwat-o!" They heard him singing in a cracked old voice, washing the dishes and the pots. "And now, my dear, to business." Jacob assumed a deep tone of voice, and with a heavy step, unusual with him, paced up and down the floor. Janet sat sewing by the table. The needles in her work-basket lid (quilted in faded velve-teen) shone brightly like a little garden row of silver plants. Upon her left hand she had drawn a sock. In cheerful gar-rulity, the printer talked his plans. "First, I must arrange for a man to do the town for news, say, every second day. Ah, yes, I had forgotten; I must have one to bring in word of ships as soon as they are sighted at South Head. Then it will be for me to go down to meet them . . . And the press . . . And the newsprint . . . And the trays of type!" When, Janet asked him, would they be removed and brought to Rodman's Court. " "On Tuesday," Jacob answered her. "The press can go into the workshop we have always used. I'll make an office of the room behind. There'll have to be a doorway knocked in through the wall. Dear, dear, how very hard I'll have to work! And what a busy time there is in front of us!" At ten o'clock they paused in their planning and chattering, while Janet spread their supper of pigs' trotters and chitterlings. He ate in absent- minded-ness. But she made up for that, and laughed and waved her fork to drive home new ideas and points occurring to her mind. She would learn to set type. So would his grandsons, Jacob answered her. But at that sally he laughed alone. For, in a shadowy intransience there rose the vision of the grave-faced, blueeyed man who strode with head held up. No dawn, indeed, but found him, spirit-like, beside her bed. No dusk but brought to her the cadence of his soundless voice. Jacob's grandsons. Ah, that it might, in days to come, be so. "But you are not listening, my dear." "Oh, I-was-just-dreaming." Just dreaming. She roused herself and bent her lips into a smile which hurt. And so, the "Courier" changed hands. If you, as I have done, will read some early numbers of the "Courier," you will gain some idea of the enormous enthusiasm and unremit? ting care which Peglar, the printing man. put into his new possession. For this one thing, you understand, the little man had plotted, planned, and waited many a day. All the exuberances of his kindly and discerning mind, all the keen in-stincts of his craft, had yearned for this means of his self-expression. And into it he threw himself with an unstinted and surprising vigor of the heart. He was, indeed, as he had often said, as good as two. In one long day he filled a multi-tude of parts. The "Courier" was published on the Monday, Wednesday, and Friday of each week. Most of the copy Jacob wrote him-self, mumbling and whispering as he worked. Then, in the late afternoon, his shabby smoking cap upon his head, he scanned the galley proofs, writhing and rustling in long festoons, down from the ink- splashed table to the floor. Standing upon a box for greater ease, Janet set up the sticky type; long primer for the leading articles, minion for news, and, for the classified advertisements, non-pareil. Sheahan, all sweating and harassed, worked the tall press. It stood some six feet high, and for a trade-mark had a brazen screaming eagle at the top. The trade would know it as an old "Colum-bian." It played a sturdy part in those days of the baby "Courier" but just as well the cranky thing is out of date. It took a tough man's brawn to bear down on that heavy bar-and not slack up. And, from th*, day when Jacob bought his "courier," time became precious round in Rodman's Court. The placid old days, with their quiet and even hours-the days whose time was broken only by the crunching of a bullock team's great wheels, the rattle of a cart, or the clip-clopping of a horse-man's sorrel in the street, were gone. Gone never to return. No alchemy, nor hope, nor wish could ever bring them back. And still the wheel which bore these people on turned ponderously round. The little printing office and the pas-sage-way resounded to the tread of many feet. For that meant business. Jacob must need, also, keep in a closer touch with all his friends ,-nd citizens and townsmen. In the Supreme Court's hollow corridors, down at the waterfront, in banking chambers, and, sometimes of an evening at the Theatre Royal, he became a familiar and respected little figure, garrulous and oddly dogmatic in his views and bustling importance. Upon the nights before the "Courier" came out, they worked long hoursJacob, shortsighted and engrossed; Janet, red-faced and breathless; Sheahan softly swearing to himself, and trying to avoid the printer's eye. The little living- room saw many pleasant evenings, too, when Jacob's friends, and Janet's came round and talked about the many things which had a passing interest in their lives. And with it all, in some small space of time, the paper took a newer footing and a healthier one. Slowly it com-menced to show a small return for all the care and labor Jacob had put into it. "This, dearest," he said often to his girl, "is success. And soon will bring to me-and thee-prosperity." To his close friend, old Solomon Link, the shipping agent, who had his ware- houses and office down in Sussex Street, he "boasted with a boy's vainglory, over their mugs of beer. "I knew it. I knew lt. Solomon. I knew we could make a success of lt. And, Solomon, haven't I, now, eh?" "None of us ever doubted that you would, Jacob. But how the deuce you do lt is what I can't make out. You must be so shorthanded. That old boozer, Flaherty-O'Toole-what's his name? Yes, that's it-Sheahan. Well, Sheahan can't be worth much; and as for that slip of a girl of yours-" "But, Solomon, my Janet is not a slip of a girl. Why, damme-bless me, I mean- she's a grown woman. And strong! Ach, you should just see her crush an apple in her two little hands!" "My good friend, my poor friend," answered Link, a grizzled master come ashore, "has it occurred to you-pass your mug. Yes, there's plenty more. Has it ever occurred to you that your girl won't always be satisfied with printing newspapers-nor even with crushing apples in her little white hands? Crush-ing apples. Pouf! Crushing rats!" H E laughed, and rap- ped his pipe out on the bottom of his chair. Jacob looked down into his beer, but did not answer him. "Anyway," Link continued, "you'll not fell me, Jacob, that she hasn't some trim young fellow in tow? Young Peta Schofield, now, eh?" Jacob smiled. He was on safe ground here, at least. "Scho field? Oh, my dear Solomon, most decidedly not. Oh, no. Schofield is certainly round a lot, but my Janet says-he! he! he!-that he reminds her of a watch without hands-'all face and nothing to say.' " "Now, don't you be too sure, Jacob. I know women. Why, before I married my Minnie, didn't she tell her friend '-what the devil was her name? Pride? Proudflesh? Proudfoot? Yes, Emmie Proudfoot-that I was a wearying old noodle? But she married me, didn't she? What about that? What are you smiling at, Jacob?" "Me? Oh, at the idea of Janet and that young Schofield. No Sol, there's no one she likes well enough to take any serious interest in. You may be certain of that." "Goes out a lot more than she used to, don't she?" pursued the remorseless Link, who quite evidently enjoyed Jacob's dis-comfiture with the conversation. "I don't know about 'more,' Solomon. She needs the exercise, you know. No, thanks. Eh? Is there enough there? Very well. Thank you." The cool beer lapped and gurgled In their gullets. Sol lit his pipe again. "I saw her tripping down the street yesterday," he said, "looking to left and right as though she expected to see some-one. But, at all events, Jacob, mar- riage or no marriage-" "Ah, Sol, don't think I'd take my girl's marriage amiss. Indeed, I shouldn't like you to think that. So that he be a solid young fellow, and good enough for her, then, my blessing on't, I say. Well, her health, Jacob, and yours, too." "Ah, by the way, Solomon," remarked Jacob, on his way to the door, "i i a few months I'll be bringing the 'Courier' out every day, except Saturdays and Sun- days." He rubbed the nap of his hat upon his coat sleeve and regarded the sheen critically. "That'll be a proposition, won't it? D'ye think it would pay?" The burly shipping agent in the tight-seamed coat spat and ground his foot upon the floor. "Pay?" Jacob answered him. "Pay? I'm sure it will pay. After all, Sol, as I see it, anything will pay if it satisfies a public want, and is worked honestly. Why shouldn't it pay?" He turned in the doorway and smartly rapped his hat upon the crown. The blow rang hollow, like a dwarf's drum. "Then, if it's so, Jacob-and I wouldn't doubt it for a moment;-I'm sure you'll do well by it. Speaking of doing well, you remember the Yankee, Abel Storr? He was in the year before last . . ." "Storr? Storr? A little man with sandy hair-?" "Oh, Lord, no! Little be hanged. A gorilla, with black hair. He trades his own ship, the Helen Storr." "Ah, yes, yes. To be sure. Of course. His wife, the charming little woman sails with him, eh?" Link cut the end of a cheroot with his teeth and lit it. "Don't know so much about the charm-ing little woman part of it," he said, between spurts of blue smoke. "A tidy enough craft, she is I suppose. Have one? Sure? However, that is the man, A tough rough customer he is, too. But I'll do a fine thing by him when he's next in, if he unloads the stuff I told- him to bring." "I do not like him," Jacob said, with emphasis. And, having reached the street door, a step below the pavement level, he shook Sol warmly by the hand and hurried off. But not in that same easy and contented mind which had been his when he was on his way to Sol Link's crabbed little office. Short days drew into weeks and months. As regularly as the harbor tides, which washed in, paused and travelled back, the paper printed in the small workshop by Rodman's Court came out and passed from hand to hand-by coach and horse- back-to the utmost limits of the colony. And, as the time wore on, watching the "Courier" grow lustier and stronger, the years' wheel took two full turns round. It rolled, not only over those who worked in Rodman's Court, but over the grave, stern-faced man who was the foreman of the Commissariat Stores, hard by King's Wharf. That he had been appointed to that post (one of no little responsibility) was a fair tribute no less to his methodical and thorough work than to the measure of respect which he had earned, and justly earned, from his superiors. Said the chief clerk to him, on his promotion : "Do the job thoroughly, Archbold, and although it isn't, of course, for me to promise-there will be every prospect of a ticket-of-leave in the near future. "Thank you, sir," he had replied. "I'll give the best I can." He had. Thenceforth,. John Cutcliff Archbold was marked for a ticket of leave. There came a day, when with a list of Government remissions on the bench before her as she worked. Janet, with dex-terous, ink-blackened fingers, picked out the shining "irevler and set it up. PUBLIC NOTICE FOR TICKETS OF LEAVE Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney. 8 June, 183The undermentioned prisoners of the Crown have obtained Tickets of Leave since the last notification appeared: Sydney Glover, Percy Howlett; Geddes, \ndrew; Archbold, John Cutcliff-And so orth. With the treasured yellow slip of paper n his hand, Archbold could have shouted n the glee of his emancipation. He was .eleased from the dread bondage of as nuch a spiritual circumstance as of an ictual and corporal detention. And lever more, in all his life, to go back o the British Isles? No sane man, in lis proper senses, ever would. WANTED - An able I podied man with some education. Com1 petent to assist in setting up and generI ally in conduct of newspaper. Experience I In the trade preferred. Must be willing. 1 Live on premises. Apply this office, I after noon, to-morrow or Thursday. I "There, I wonder who will come?" I Janet put her head on one side and I submitted the block to a critical inspecI tion. She pressed the gleaming type more I compactly, turned the key, then went ? into the room behind. There, Jacob sat I huddled over his table, his spectacles preI variously perched upon his nose, while, I muttering a senseless gibberish, he J scanned the proofs for the next mornIlng's issue. Early that evening the ?'Courier" would go to press. I Janet picked up one of the rolls of ? closely-printed matter and, with a pair I pf scissors, cut it in sections as the little ? printer passed it across the table to her. j He glanced up once, but did not cease I his mutterings for half an hour or more, I when the oncoming darkness of an apI proaching storm made it difficult to I read. Then she leaned back against the J table edge and stretched luxuriously. I "It is a lot to put in one issue, isn't it, dear?" she asked. ; "Ah-h. Still, that won't worn' us for I long, will it? You saw to it that the I advertisement went in?" I "Yes, I did," she replied. "And toJmorrow afternoon I'll stand at the door ?ind pass the able-bodied, educated ones in." She giggled in a mischievous recital of :he wording which Jacob had composed. He took it in the best of humors. After shaving, Jacob shook out his dark ïreen coat and put it on. As he did so, Janet ran panting up the stairs, and, tap-ping gently on the door, called out to him to make more haste. He wiped his glasses on the corner of the stiff-starched coverlet upon his bed, and then went down. Out-side, the night was chill and wet, with swiftly streaming rain. It swept up from the south, and brought with it the tang of bruised green seaweed dashed up on the coast. In her small bedroom at the top, the girl stared out, unseeing, at the night. She knelt before the streaming window-glass, her knees upon a cedar box draped with cretonne, and with a half-smile on her face seemed to be hypnotised by all the rushing turmoil in the sky. A passer-by, the only one in sight with-in the street, bent almost double to pre-serve his balance, and with his black cape drenched and flapping in the wind, reached the front door and hammered on lt with his fist. In the commotion of the gale he might, for all the noise his heavy knocking made, have been a figure out of 1 Chinese pantomime. In a white blaze of I shuddering light the houses in the street, I the rutted, puddled road, and the caped J stranger striking at the heedless door, I stood out in an unearthly glare. And vang ished into dark almost as tangible as cloth before the face. The rattle of the thunder-clap had caused the girl to fall, almost swooning, to the floor. She groped her way towards the door upon her knees. Then she stag-gered up and flung it open wide. Her hands close-pressed before her face, she swayed upon the landing, deaf and blind and dumb. Stunned by that ringing thunder blow, Jacob came out, and in alarm commenced to climb the stairs. He met her coming down, and looked aghast to see the strained and shocked appear- ance of her face. "Janet! Janet, my darling! What is it? Come-" "No matter, father dear. It is the noise. It frightened me. But-ssh-there's someone knocking at the dcor, to get in. There it is again!" Jacob turned round to hear. In a quiet lull the stranger's blows rang booming on the door. They heard him raise his muffled voice. "Hey, there! Hey! Anyone at home?" The voice was drowned and swept away in the fierce pelting of the rain and roar-ing wind. Jacob hurried to the livingroom and seized the lamp. Holding it high above his head, the dancing flame tossing a wild pageantry of writhing shadows on the wall, he unbarred the door, and with his foot braced firmly against it, to pre-vent its leaping inward with a crash, opened it wide enough to let the stranger in. The gust and scud made the old pic-tures on the walls leap back and forth. In one stride, the caped man, drenched and shining, stepped inside and put his shoul-der to the door. The wind roared and the lamp blew out and stank. "Ah, Mr. Peglar, I'm sorry, real sorry, to knock you up like this. But, 'pon my soul, I couldn't fight my way another step." He stripped his dripping cloak from his shoulders. Jacob put the smoking lamp down on the floor and fumbled for a lucifer. He struck a light. The small white blaze, ragged and crackling, threw yellow light upon the stranger's face-a spiteful face, and like a rat's, with its thin, indrawn underlip. His dark and close-set eyes gleamed in the light. The water from his sodden hat- brim drained noisily upon the wooden floor. It formed a dark pool at his feet. Like blood. Jacob led the way into the living-room and set the lamp back on the table-top. "Yes, yes," he said, "as you say, it is a dreadful night. I cannot remember a worse. But, excuse me, I think-have we -I do not think I know you, Mr.-" The man who sought a shelter from the storm stepped closer to the fire, blowing upon his hands. He wheeled about. "Oh, yes, we have. You've forgotten. I brought your man. Sheahan, down when he was assigned to you. I'm senior over-seer up at the depot. Bowles is the name." He turned back to the fire and, upon Janet's entry with a dish of eggs, nodded towards her in a flashy style. "Good night, my dear." "Good evening, Mr. -" "Bowles, at your service, Miss Peglar. I was just thanking your father for the good chance that brought me here out of that hubbub outside." The wind and rain still raved. Indeed, the rain fell more heavily. The Are hissed and spat angrily as the great drops fell from the chimney on the coals. Again -like blood. "Mr. Bowles, Janet, dear, was -weatherbound, and has come in for a little time. You will not have remembered him. He is-ah-an overseer up at the barracks. Eli? Oh, yes, yes-my carelessness-yes, the senior overseer. Sheahan-" "Oh!" (Janet looked at Bowles in a manner he found disconcerting enough.) "Yes. I have heard of Mr. Bowles, from Den-from Sheahan." Bowles, in his crassness, smirked. Ha must be better known than he had thought. "Sheahan, eh? A tricky little dog, that -take it from me. I had my own doubts when he came here. Still, I suppose you keep him pretty well screwed down?" He looked from Jacob to his daughter, then at the well-spread table from which there rose a savory and appetising thin grey steam. "Sounds as though the rain has set in for the night," he remarked. Janet made no suggestion that he share the meal, but Jacob, while at ill-ease with his unwel-come stranger-guest, thought it the least thing he could do. The three of them sat down. Bowles masticated in a hurried, champing fashion, and smacked his lips. Perpetually his rat's eyes flickered, glint-ing, left and right. He could not talle enough of his connection with the con-vict gangs. It was the occupation of his days-and of his nights. "Well, there you are. And there's noth-ing like keeping 'em up to it, Peglar. Noth-ing like it. Every man jack of the idle swine. They're all the same. Gosh, don't I know 'em too well. I suppose, by now, Sheahan's got most of your silver in the pawnshop, if you only knew it. Ha, ha!" Janet turned on him in a white fury of scorn. Her glowing eyes and quivering; nostrils so startled Bowles that he jumped in his chair. Jacob had a wooden expres-sion on his face, but his weak eyes behind their thick spectacle lenses gleamed in an unwonted fashion. "Pawnshop, Mr. Bowles?" the girl pas-sionately exclaimed, her voice throbbing with anger. "Pawnshop? You mean Denny -yes, that's what I call him-Denny. You think he'd steal from us? Why, he's been everything honêst and devoted since he first came here! Oh, yes, I know every-thing you could ever tell me about him, and more besides!" T A HEN, in a storm of rageful sobbing, she left the room and went into the kitchen. Bowles looked a picture of sheepish stupefaction. He shrugged his shoulders and grinned in an embarrassed manner at his host. Jacob ate stolidly. "Well now, Peglar, can you account for women?" he protested. "You have upset my little girl," an-swered Jacob, his eyes still resolutely down-bent. "It was not proper to speak so, in front of her. And another thing: I do not like it myself, either." Bowles felt foolish under this down-right rebuke, and a slow flush of annoy- ance suffused his mean face. "Oh, come, no offence meant. And I am hanged if I meant to hurt the girl's feel-ings. Sorry. Apologise, and all that. Newspaper keep you pretty busy?" "Very, very busy." "I read that article of yours on trans-portation last Friday." "Ah, you did?" "I did. Yes. But I'm hanged if I think you're on the right track there at all. Why, man, if they stop sending 'em here, what's going to be the upshot of it? I mean, where the devil can they go?" Jacob cleared his throat, raised his eyes, and looked at Bowles with no par- ticularly amicable regard. His forehead slightly puckered in annoyance. "Where these unhappy men should go." Jacob replied, "I cannot tell you. The earth is, surely, very large? But T am not alone when I say that the time lias long come when they should no longer be brought here. You may shake your head, Mr. Bowles, but mark my wordsthe day that will see this horrible system ended In this colony is not very far dis-tant. And to that I bend my efforts. I and my 'Courier'." Bowles laughed-a pettish, sarcastic laugh, which annoyed Jacob instensely. However, in due course, that uncongenial meal drew to its end. They both rose and drew their chairs close to the fire, one upon either side. ^íoT though," said Jacob, "that the experience is altogether the necessary thing. Tell me, can you work hard? Because, this is a place for hard work. I, myself, now, am a very hard worker, but that, perhaps, is be-cause I am a particularly strong man." The printer, sitting by his old table in the little office, drew himself up and, if it must be said, looked rather ridiculous. Archbold, looking down upon him, checked a too-ready impulse to smile. He shrugged his broad shoulders boyishly and raised his brows. "I am quite used to hard work, Mr. Peglar," he said, "and very hard work at that, as you can see." (He nodded to-wards the folded yellow document on the table, which Jacob had forborne from opening.) "And here I have a reference from Mr. Trivett, the Chief Clerk of the Commissariat Stores." Jacob read it carefully, and, inwardly, was quite delighted that his first Im- pression of the tall blue-eyed fellow so coincided with the chief clerk's manifest opinion. Archbold went on: "I'm sure that in a very little time I could pick up enough knowledge of the paper, and of printing, to be of real use to you. And I'm strong and active, as well." "I'm half-inclined to say 'yes* now, Archbold, but that wouldn't do at all. Oh, no, not at all. My daughter, you must know, is the real manager of the 'Cour-ier.' A very hard woman she is, too. At all events, sit down. She should be here at any minute now. Yes, Sheahan, what is it?" "Misther Link to see y'r honor. Shall Oi be bringin' 'im in?" "Ah, yes, Sheahan. Bring him in here. Stay-ask him to be good enough to wait for just a minute or two." Jacob looked at his enormous silver watch. He shook it once or twice and put it to his ear, then, excusing himself, went out to see old Link, who slapped him on the back and laughed to see his glasses almost jolted off his nose. "Well, well, Jacob, more than a week since I saw you last, my boy! You're keeping too hard at it. Why, upon my living soul, you look about as pinched as an old man in a bird cage. Ha, ha, ha!" "He, he! You're a noisy rascal, Sol. I haven't had the time to get down. Work- ing night and day. Shssh! Don't speak too loudly." He dropped his own voice to a sharp whisper and jerked his thumb towards the office door. "There's a young fellow in there that I'm thinking of taking on," he said. "A likely enough young man he is, too." They both walked to the open front door and stood there in the sunlight while they talked. "Yes? Good. It's time you had an-other man to help you," Link replied. "Myself," Jacob resumed, "I like the locks of him-and, if my Janet gives the word-why, he shall come." He thrust his glasses higher upon his nose and set his small cap straighter on his head. Looking across the street, he raised his left arm in salute to two who passed upon the other side. "He is a ticket-of-leave man. What have you to say to that, Sol, eh?" "What's that? No? Umph! D'ye think that's a good experiment to try? Don't misunderstand me, Jacob, but with so many others to pick from-I meanoh, dash it-I suppose it's all one. Any-way, what was his trouble?" Sol turned, and dropped his quiet voice lower still. A hackney coach rolled past, its bouncing high-set wheels caked with green mud, and creaking on its straps. In the printing-room the old "Colum-bian" clashed, clanked, and knocked. "I do not know." "Well, you can ask him, can't you?" Link Irritably asked. "I could have read it, Sol. But lt seems this way to me. He comes-this man-to find employment in my shop. What he has done-why he did it-what he has undergone-neither you nor I can tell. But there is that in his blue eyes says-'An honest, steadfast fellow it is.' He is tall-so tall." (Jacob mea- sured up some six feet on the doorpost.) "With a clean look about him that I like. So, because I know a man when I see one, he shall have his chance. If Janet says so, too." The little printer spoke vehemently and rapidly. Link screwed his rugged features tight and picked his teeth re-flectively with a split quill. He grunted. Then he grimaced like a kindly old baboon. "I see your point there, Jacob. But it's not the first time, old boy, that I'll have told you that your notions of eman-cipation and equality will get you into trouble yet. As for me, I'm as sorry for the gaol-birds-some of 'em- as you are. But I content myself with saying, 'Bad luck.' " Jacob thrust out his pointed little chin aggressively. His near-sighted grey eyes blinked. "It is not the way I think about it. Sol. Here is the new land for the man who'll work, no matter what he was before he came. You know-some day-this colony, Australia, will be a country very great. Greater, I am sure, than even America. For a time old Link and Jacob gos-siped in the sun,-which, mounting higher, caused a thin, faint steam to curl up from the footpath and the road. Inside, the press was quiet, but the voices of the workmen in the stores were brisk and heartening. When Link had gone Jacob remembered Archbold, and he hurried back. "N llOW, I am sorry to have kept you so long," he made apology, "but, an old friend, you know; and such an infernal talker he is, too, to be sure." Jacob quite believed it, in his heart. "Not at all, Mr. Feglar. I beg you won't speak of it." Archbold stood up. Jacob motioned him back. "No, no. Sit down. Sit down. Tell me-how long have you been out?" "Just over four years," Archbold in- formed him. "Ah, four years, eh?" Over the top of his spectacles the printer glanced shrewdly at the man who said "four years" so easily. As though they were split peas. A long time, four full years could be. The glinting grey be-sprinkled through the tall man's close brown hair could tell their story of foür years. Pour years. Forty-eight months, eh? It didn't sound so long, put that way. Yes, not a doubt of it, this man had strength. No other word quite fitted him. Strength in his arms. Strength in his thighs. Strength In his eyesand in his hard-lined jaw. Eh? He was the man for the job, all right. How very blue his blue eyes were, unwavering be-neath their straight-drawn brows. "And tell me this, Archbold-I do hope you will excuse all these questions of mine. Have you made any plans? I mean, what do you propose to do in the future?" "Just .as things are at present, Mr. Peglar, it's very hard to know what to do. I had thought of going into the coun-try, once I'd saved enough money, but I begin to realise that that will take a long time. In the meantime, I'll stay in Sydney and work." Jacob regarded him with an undis-guised liking in his astute eyes. "Aha, I see you're a deliberate fellow, eh?" Archbold smiled. "Deliberate? Patient, rather, Mr. Peg-lar. Yes, I am, I suppose, a patient man. But, then, I'm young and can afford to be." "Yes, lt is true. Patience derides the old, and in revenge, they call her 'Inde-cision.' You would be young enough to be a lover of the jade! You are, per-haps-?" "Twenty-nine." "Twenty-nine." Jacob took off his spectacles, held them before his eyes and at arm's length, then cleaned them very slowly on a large silk handkerchief. For quite a time he kept his white head down and did not say another word. "I cannot think," Jacob went on, "what can be keeping my daughter. Perhaps, after all, you would not mind calling again this afternoon. Say, at half after four?" "Not at all. Certainly, sir. I will be back at that time, or within a few minutes of it. If-perhaps, if you will not want that-paper-" "Eh? Oh, I beg your pardon, my dear fellow. Of course. Of course." Archbold put the yellow paper in the pocket of his dark blue coat, and, to- gether, the tall man and the little one, they walked toward the door. From the printing room they heard Sheahan's in-distinct, swearing, as, in a metallic cas-cade of type, he overturned a tray. "And if my daughter is of my mind, too, then you shall have the job. But, it is hard work, you understand?" "I'll be only too grateful for the chance, Mr. Peglar. And, depend on it, I'll put my back into it." He held the door open, and, as they passed out, they heard her footsteps in the passage, hurrying from the front door to the stairs. So, as her father spoke and moved aside, she met him face to face. Bewildered - almost stupefied - he looked at her, and saw her color swiftly drain away, returning in a wave of rush-ing pink. The lambent, golden eyes dwelt on his firm, fine-moulded faceupon his brown hands, sober suit and neatly blackened boots. They rose again and met his own of piercing blue, and moving not a fraction in their straight, hard, penetrating gaze. As through a funnel of immense length and narrow girth, he heard the printer's voice. "And if you think that Mr. Archbold might be suitable, I have told him that the job" (he pronounced it "chob") "ls his." Archbold fer? inexpressibly confused. The situation was incredible. But the shrewd humor of it struck his mind. He smiled at her. She in her turn looked solemnly at him, at his broad shoulders and his clustering hair, dark brown save for the light scattering of grey above his ears. Children look so at strangers whom they meet. Standing almost within the office door, while business spun and prospered in the street outside, while men made women wives and children came to life, she felt her girlhood, like a brittle leaf, leave her, and flutteringly travel down into the wan void of years and yesterday's uncaptured dreams. For, In that moment, Janet had grown up. This man might be her father's job-assistant in the shop. He might be on a ticket, too. But, first-do you not hear lt?-he belonged to her. The know-ledge of this dread possession clutched her heart. There is, believe me, you who are reading this of her, such joy as only brimming tears can tell. Nor must you say that these things cannot be. I say-and did you know this story half as well as I, you would not disagree-that from this hour she made of him a god and altar, too. She had few thoughts but what were not of him. His wages were two pounds a week and keep. At first it was arranged that he should have a small room at the far end of the printing shop In the converted store. But, in the mean-time, he set up a camp-bed in the attic room. All in due course, with much t . turbance and the assistance of two car-ters, both profane and very strong, the "Courier" was set up in its latest home. Some few weeks afterwards, and when the alterations to the store were done, Jacob suggested that his hew assistant keep the little attic room. As time swept on, bearing these people on its slowly wheeling arc, there fell on Archibold's shoulders more and more work for Jacob's "Courier." And thoroughly and well was that work done. With the paper's expansion and permanent estab-lishment, the little printer in the familiar steel-rimmed spectacles and thick-napped beaver hat developed interests quite apart from journalsim. The voice of "politics" began to twitter in his ear. He spent a great part of each day "in town." Meet-ings held at the new Mechanics' Insti- tute, in Pitt Street, found him quite often there. Archbold it was who actually ran the "Courier," and supervised the two men and an urchin of a printer's devil in the shop. The paper came out every day. But few who read it knew, or could have guessed the part played in it by the tall man with the grave blue eyes and firm set lips. True, Jacob wrote the leading articles, quoted alike by merchant, farmer, mariner and judge. But Archbold conned them over afterwards, and licked them into shape. Between the printer and his man had grown a warm and mutually valued bond of understanding intimacy; and when the cloth was cleared, and evening lay upon the world, they sat and talked all round a multitude oí diverse things. Janet, mean-while, would darn the socks, and think it happiness. After his first delight, Shea-han stood off, and, for a time watched the newcomer critically. In days, how-ever, this rare and unhabitual reserve of his wore off, and, before long, they were the closest friends. Archbold's efficiency, and kindly sympathy had won the old man's heart. For those in Rodman's Court it seemed, indeed, that time had almost ceased to move. Above the little dark brick house a golden joy had paused, outpouring an effulgent light. Whatever sorrows and distractions, fevers and riots Sydney knew in those old days, none entered here, be-neath the all-enfolding sanctuary of the ancient tree. The King's Mails clattered in and out; the paper sold; bills were discounted; summonses were served; and all about, on every hand, the striving little city stirred and bustled on its way. Still, with his brown whip-muscled arms and able brain, John Archbold labored at his work. His breath drew deeper when she brushed his shoulder as she passed, or whispered in his ear. She sang perpetually. Jacob, a proud, contented, busy little man, paced in the public places of the town, with business friends on either side. His pol-ished cane was tucked beneath his arm. In the sun his seals gleamed In corus-cating opulence. This was prosperity, my friends. But had the thought oc-curred to Jacob that he might get drunk on such a heady draught, and pretty quick at that, he would have laughed. Four years went down. A T the cabin table, under- neath the lamp which leapt and wheeled to the ship's rolling, there sat a woman and two men. The woman looked as though she might have been some thirtysix years old, with hair of mid-brown, and dark eyes in a healthy, wind- tanned face. Her winsey dress was grey; and on her feet she wore a pair of plaited fibre sandals, picked up, perhaps, for a trifling exchange with a Tongan woman when the schooner was last there. The man at the table was clearly the captain-and the owner, too. Short, thick-set and bullnecked, his face was broad and pleasing, although the ponderous bearded jaw was not that of a mild man. The other man was Scottish. Young, and tall and thin, with stiffish joints; awkward, and dour enough. The evening meal was almost at an end. Gulping his hot coffee from a thick white cup, the captain, Abel Storr, thrust back the short form on which he sat, and rose. He peered out through the small square-curtained port, and at the darken-ing sky. The woman cleared the table things away, while the two men lay back, and sprawled upon a settle covered in a dark red twill. The helmsman stood with his two hands resting lightly on the wheel. Aloft, the straining sheets, dark grey and taut, looked like the dorsal fins of a great shark. Bunched clouds pressed heavily upon the rising sea. A tired gull, whirling round the steersman's head, rested a while upon the dipping rail, then vanished in the night. A lonely star shone with a pallid light. The schooner pitched heavily and with a jolt, whereat the thin man at the wheel brought her head off a point and looked above. Flying sparks whirled from the funnel of the caboose. The cabin door was opened, and a small flood of yellow light spilled out upon the spray-splashed deck. The schooner kicked again, shuddering gently like a reluctant horse, and slid into a gleaming trough. The wind spun higher through the dark tar- stiffened shrouds. To ßtorr's inquiry-"How's her head?" the man with the long, impas-sive face shadowed In the soft glow of the binnacle replied. "Sou'-west be south." The skipper stooped, and for a moment watched the trembling card. He grunted; and, as the steersman had, looked up aloft. The solitary star was washed from sight. Down in the peak a drawing pipe glowed redly, tike an angry eye. The watch was spinning yarns. The schooner heeled, and with the "shoosh" of run- ning sea, her starboard rail went under. "She'll hold that for now, if it doesn't freshen." "Sure, cap'n." "Who's got the next trick? Temple?" "No. Coppin, cap'n." "Well, tell him to see me before he goes on." "Aye. cap'n." Not once did the helmsman look directly at Storr, but, softly chewing, pre- served that expression peculiar to all seamen when at the wheel. Up from the forecastle rang a loud run of booming laughter. It died away to silence. Some- one had set the door below the com-panion wider open. The skipper turned away, then paused From the crew's quarters in the peak there floated in song a voice of purest gold-full, richly resonant, a bass of liquid marvel-glow-ingly colorful, and almost agony to hear. With its first swelling, throbbing notes, which rang and pulsated like a gem- set gong deep in a temple grove, the helms-man ceased his mechanical chewing, and listened in wonderment His head half turned upon one side. Storr made a strange movement. His hands stole under-neath his buttoned coat; then dropped away. * Said the skipper to the mari at the wheel : "He sure can sing, that one. Eh?" "Cap'n, he sure can sing. But-mebbe I'm not musical-it's a creepy sort o' voice, an' no mistake." (The man seemed puzzled for a word.) "Sort of--" "Well?" laughed Storr, his great teeth gleaming through the black bush of his beard. "You're darn-right hard to please. What's the matter with the little feller's voice?" "Cap'n, it's a crool voice. That's the word. A crool voice." "Ha! Cruel, eh? Cruel? But still, you know, he can sing?" It seemed as though Storr was intent upon tantalising the man, who took refuge in the resumption of his chew-ing. He masticated slowly, and with dignity. The schooner shipped a sea and the captain strode to the taffrail, telling the helmsman, as he passed, to "Drop her head a point, can't you?" As Storr re-entered the cabin, the young Scot, McLean, sat up. "Ah. mon. yon ic a rare gran' voice to wast« upon a ship." he said. "Ay, 'tis a bonny voice. I verra much misdoubt me that its like has not been heard before." "Mister McLean, sir," answered Storr, "you've never said a truer thing than that. No, sir, I've had the offer of many hun-dreds of dollars to sell him- hundreds of dollars, did I say?-Thousands. But thousands wouldn't buy him. No, sir, nor tens of thousands either!" Storr spoke in the pinched nasal accent of the New England coast. He rapped the great pipe out upon a wooden cuspidor cleated to the deck. "Sell him?" inquired the Scot. "Ay-sell him," rejoined Storr, ream-ing out the bowl with the point of a large knife blade. The schooner veered sharply and rolled. The skipper spread Iiis thick legs wider apart and blew through the pipestem. "He's a slave," he continued, and squinted down the black bore of the stem. "A slave? No-I hadn't understood that. It's the last thing I'd have thocht. And yet it's no surprisin'-" "Surprising?" Storr broke in-"Sur-prising? I should just say not. This, sir, is an American ship. You find a nigger in the crew. Well, Mister Mc-Lean, what else would he be, but a slave?" His wife, who was busily writing at the small brass-bound table looked up at him with an expression which very plainly indicated that she had no liking for the subject. "Well," McLean proceeded, "singer or no singer-slave or no slave-he is a rare unchancey mon. I've said it before, Captain Storr, an' I'll be takin' the liberty of saying it again-if he was ane o' my crew, or my slave, I'd be riddin' mesel' o' him. I just canna like him." Helen Storr looked up again, and this time spoke. "Abel knows, Mr. McLean, how much I would give to see the last of Mel Sales. He is a dangerous, clever man. And some day we will all be sorry at his hands." Storr laughed again. "You know, Mister McLean, sir, Helen has always talked bogey-man like this to me. Of course he's clever. I know that! A cleverer man than him you wouldn't meet from Cape Horn to Baffin Bay. And 'dangerous,' my dear? Ha-" The broad white teeth bleamed in the yellow cabin light. "Well, sir-perhaps he could be even dangerous-with any man but me!" "Then, mon, why coourt a fulish risk?" McLean inquired. "No risk, Mister McLean. No risk. Believè me you there. He'll try none of his goldarn' tricks with old Abe Storr. Why, wasn't it me tamed the hugeous dog twenty years ago? Didn't I stand over him more times than I can count, and cut his back open to his rib-fat, and all for the good of his nigger soul? Didn't L now, Helen? Didn't I?" He looked to his wife for confirmation of what he said, and, tensing his knobbed shoulder muscles and rumpling his thick grizzled mane of hair, he chuckled in his beard. "See you hete, Mister McLean, I've kept this black spaniel tame for more than twenty years. He fears one living manand that man's me. For twenty years, sir, I've watched him close, closer'n a cat a mouse. For twenty years I've never turned my back on him. At night I sleep with one eye open and a trip cord drawn against the door. I saved his black life. And now-he works for me. Works? Yes, works! And, when I want a song he sings. Mister McLean, there ain't a man who sails these seas, from Hobart Town out to Peru, but hasn't heard of Melchior Sales, Storr's black. Who fed him? Me, Storr. Who broke his devil's spirit? Me! Who knows the very thoughts that chase each other in his bald black skull? Me, I say! And who knows better'n Mel that if he tries to put anything across me -well, I'll cut his eyes out of their sockets with that there whiplash? And, don't he know it, the sly, black snake!" "Oh, Abel, my dear, don't speak so. I'm sure that he's always been all that he should have, to me. Only-I've often fell:-a silly thought, I know-that like a great silent cat he moves about-and watches-and-waits." The woman shivered. The sudden short cry of a child in the inner cabin, aft, caused her to listen. When it was repeated she rose and went inside. It was a very baby child, indeed, who slept in its small berth in there. Not more than six months old. And fat? As fat as buttermilk. The Scotsman sat upright upon his seat and returned the knife to Storr, who stropped it softly on his arm and put it in its sheath. "Aye, ye ken y'r mon best, captain," he resumed. "But yon is no common ane -in size or brain capacity. An', if I might be sayin' so wi'oot offence, I in- cline to y'r guid wife's way o' thocht. Some day an' he'll be givin' ye a rare deal of trouble." Storr's laughter rolled again, and he brushed his great beard out with wide- spread fingers. "Trouble, you say? Mark this: I am his master. He won't forget that while I can sit up and look him in the face." M 1T1 ARCH is a month of softened summer-time. Then the sun's fierce and humid heat is tempered by changing winds and lucent eventides. Mornings in Sydney break in efforescent haze, yield to the sun's bright passage of the day, leaving the night enfolded in her robe of scintillating stars. The harbor tides are high; its limpid waters green and clear. The pools of silent shadows on the river reaches brood and venerable trees draw close their inter-lacing boughs, whispering to birds whose fickle wandering in light has brought them home at last. Now, on this night of March there was no moon. The tide was ebbing free. The restful night, but newly married to the dark, was glamorous with stars shining as softly as a woman's eyes suffused with tears. Soft-muted in the empurpled bower of the eventide, the murmurs of the town, incoherent and blurred, trav- elled down slowly on the air. They sat hard by the point where the great proconsul's kindly lady had done her hemming underneath a canopy of unwrought rock and given it her name. By the dark water-edge the running tide chattered and rippled softly. The air smelt sweetly salt. How warm, how com-fortably firm, was the strong arm which held her in so closely to his side. How very sweet to smell his clustered hair, when he bent down and kissed her lips, her eyelids, and her throbbing throat. She spoke her mind's content: "Dear heart, it is so wonderful to me. Sometimes-often-just when I wakeI am afraid to know I am awake in case it is all a dream." She rubbed her cheek against the rough tweed of his coat, a pretty little caress like a bird's. And when he answered her, his own deep voice was low. "If, dearest, it is a dream, then let neither of us wake again. But what two fools we are to talk of dreams. It is no dream. We're both of us alive, awake, and here. And starting on our journey,' too, what's more." The flowing tide had turned, and gently washed the rocks as though to kiss them on return. The wonder of the night had fettered all things in its silver chain. And, link by added link, this man and woman forged closer still the shackles of a death-less love beneath the topaz archway of the sky. "Why are you so quiet? It is almost a full minute,since you spoke. There, dear" she kissed him lightly on his nose-tip"that for all your thoughts." "Quiet? I was thinking," he answered her, in a slow, thoughtful voice, "of what your father said." She placed her little hand beneath his chin and tilted up his face that she might see it in the moon's clear light. "But, darling, I knew he was going to give you the partnership in the 'Courier.' He thinks so much of you, and the poor dear is getting older, too. He does not know it, but he can't do one half as much as he could in the old days." Her John plucked up a blade of grass. Idly he whorled it into a fragile knot, softly tugged it, and it broke. Prom the direction of the fort they heard a man's voice call, thickened and indistinct. "Hey! Boat-ho! Boat ahoy!" Again the sleeping birds stirred in their leaves. When the sweet-pealing clock high on the barrack wall struck out eleven strokes; when stolid watchmen paced the streets, and Sydney settled closer for the night. John and his Janet took their path toward home. Talking quietly as they walked, they came at last to Rodman's Court. Jacob had not returned and, seated at the table in the kitchen, Sheahan strug- gled in sweating impatience with a small part of the press. While Janet, her bon-net tilted prettily back on her head, busied herself preparing toast and tea, Archbold sat down by the little bent fellow and, with deft, powerful Angers, soon rectified the fault. There, in the newly-papered livingroom, lit gently by the saffron-glowing lamp, they had their tea. In the lamp-light, both of them looked unusually youthful and quite carefree, too. As it had done each night for many months, and at this very hour, a lovebird raised its voice, trilling a fascinating little cadenza: "Pretty-pretty. Sw-e-e-et pretty creature! Pretty creaturesw- e-e-et!" Hearing it, he looked at her and they smiled. "I think," she said, "the little bird knows everything. He always calls us at the same time, now. And, later when I have blown my candle out." They heard the watchman's booming, sing-song voice : "A q'rter to twelve, an' fine with a moon!" His cry grew faint, suddenly, as he turned the nearby corner. Standing upon the lowest step of the stair, she drew his face close up to hers, kissed him. "Good night, dear love. Good night." "Good night, beloved. And God keep thee very close. Good night." And in a aureole of candle flame, diaphanous and warm, she passed up to her room. He turned the lamp wick down, then, treading lightly on the worn stair boards, went up to his room. When he was in his bed he let his hand drop lightly to the Aoor, and with two Angers, tattooed on the wood. She answered him by knocking gently on the wall. It was their good night signal, every night. Jacob sat on his bed. As he untied his shining satin stock he called to mind again, and with a pleasant warming of the heart, the meeting and its many inci-dents. Nor must you think that he was merely there to sit upon a cane chair at the back. By no means. He was invited. Rather, his presence was "most earnestly desired." So he had gone. His pocket-book was straining its stout band with the fat sheaf of notes which he had scribbled as the meeting ran its course. All these to-morrow would be forged into jus't such another splendid article as had made Peglar's part in the self-government cam-paign one of distinction, and-ah,-incal-culable worth. Incalculable worth. He smiled. With care he put his cameo breast-pin Into a dressing-table drawer. , Then he sat upon the bed again. How vigorously and with what elegance had Mr. Wentworth spoken. No wonder they had cheered him till they were hoarse! And when he had referred to the might and majesty of the public press, likening lt to a clear and unpolluted foun- tain stream, and named the worthy Mr. Peglar of the "Courier" his friend, how his heart had swelled in throbbing pride! To be sure, Mr. Wentworth had spoken of the enterprising Mr. Bannister as well. Very proper. Very natural. Policy would dictate that he should. He pulled his nightcap on, took off his spectacles, put his teeth Into a wooden bowl of water and drawing his nightshirt tightly round his slender legs blew out the candle and climbed Into bed. Quiet. No wind. The setting moon. His large watch ticking in the dark. Our worthy friend, Mr. Peglar, of the "Courier." Good night. Mr. Wentworth, my dear sir. Good night. Daymond, my friend. Good night, my little girl. Good night, John, my boy. Good night. Good night. T lHE stern-faced Mr. Archbold appeared deeply interested in his conversation with Mr. Whalan, who, in a little while, held all the other quite enthralled with stories of' the wonder of his caves. From the first moment of their meet-ing, John had been drawn to him by reason of the country man's startling re-semblance to poor Bellowes. The same solemnity of speech, as though he feared a careless word might slip out unawares. The same long face and sad dark eyes. The grey wraith of his old friend rose be-fore his mind, mute and pathetic in his shabby coat. But this was Peglar's house In Rodman's Court, and these about him were firm flesh and blood. And there, all gloriously radiant and warm, she sat, her strange, flame-colored eyes quite limpid, just as old amber might appear through a thin film of pearl-blown frost. So Bellowes' ghost passed out again into the night, and it was Whalan, the taciturn man from the mountain bush, who. spoke. "Certainly, my dear sir," said Jacob, "these caves must be a most remarkable thing of nature. They must, indeed, eh?" "Remarkable?" rejoined the man who had discovered them. "Well, .yes, they are remarkable, what I've seen of them, sir. But, mind you, that wouldn't be the half of them." "You mean that there are others, Mr. Whalan?" Mrs. Link fanned herself with a stiff handkerchief sweetly charged with eaude- cologne, and Janet rose and opened the window several inches. Indoors, it was very close. The men felt moistly warm. Whalan appeared at odds with a collar to which he was not accustomed. "What I mean, Mrs.-er-ma'am, is that the place is simply honeycombed with caves. My own opinion is that they must run for miles." The story which he told in his own stolid, unemotional way might have been taken from the pages of a Persian tale. Whalan could not have been expected to know that, of course. A YEAR or «o before he had set out through the wild defiles and deep, ringing canyons of the Blue Mountains range in pursuit of certain cattle which were stolen or had strayed. Down into almost lightless depths of sopping gullies, fern-laced, dim and cold, up shattered precipices, menacing and grey, until he reached the plateau at the top, higher than clouds, and such a place of dreadful majesty as Lucifer might choose to make another wager for the world, the bushman climbed. The stone which spurted from his iron-shod shoe rolled to the cliff's appalling brink and fell-down-swiftlyyet swifter still-and, shrilly humming in its flight, swept through primeval trees -which, from above, looked dwarfs-and fractured, flaked in powder, on the chill creek's rock. Whalan himself found one-a hunted, furtive being whose only allies were the trees and savage cliffs; whose only mis-tress was the rolling mist which hid him and his tell-tale camp-fire's light; whose only guardian was his thin- flanked mon-grel dog, whose only succor, now the hunt was up, lay In the night and in a pistol-shot. And stumbling by chance upon the outlaw's camp (Whalan reck-oned everyone had heard of McKeown, the bushranger), the chase led him yet farther into the terrifying grandeur of the mountain lands. Then, across his path, there loomed a mighty, tunnelled rock, incalculably ancient, black and huge, which could, and might have been, the very postern to the realms of hell-a cavern at whose silent mouth his sweating mare had propped and reared and stamped, nor would be pacified until her rider slowly led her through, cautiously feeling every step, and tense for fear of ambush in the dark, or gulfs before him or on either side. A small stream ran the great stone gate-way's length. Once through the noiseless, gloomy arch, Whalan came on a sunny, open space through which a crystal creek purled musically. Cool trees swayed softly at the water's edge. Lying prone upon a smooth, grey rock, he drank. Shading his eyes-it was the early forenoon-Whalan looked round. Then, tethering the mare to a nearby log, he set about beating the mountain-side, which ran up in a smooth, unbroken ascent from the clearing. For the first time, then, he saw what might have been the burrow of an immense wombat almost at his feet. He probed about the entrance of this tunnel in the earth. So, with a lantern in his hand, he then crept in. The ground sloped steadily, but as he went the cave's height lifted, and at length, in a great place of stupefy-ing awe, he found himself within the lime-stone caves of the high mountain. For countless generations back the aborigines had known it as Jenolan. Warned by the rumbling of water, Whalan looked about, his glimmering lantern held arm-high, and soon he came upon a stream, all black and rushing in its passage through the demon cave. Flame glittered frostily upon the fragile points and rippling curtains wrought of prisoned water-beads. Ice-hearted stone of every rose-flushed hue hung delicately in pendent veils miraculously still; and pale gigantic pillars_tier by tier, ever re-ceding in the light-stabbed gloom, swung to a roof groined splendidly in amber, pearl, and purple-riven rock. And so re-ceding in their galleries, these columns took perspective forms lasciviously lithe. On either hand and underneath his feet, he heard the water from the hidden streams which fled beneath this frozen wizardry, seeking to win again the day's lost light. Now, as he gazed upon the silent glory of the cave, he felt, for once, appalled. Stone in the sunlight ntever was so quiet. No, nor dead men. His heart beat loudly, and in his ear he heard a voice, a very dreadful voice, ring resonant and clear: "Thou art the first! The first! The very first!" With that he turned and, sweating for» he knew not what, ran back along the tunnel's length and out into the sun. He fell headlong, and lay there with his face pressed to the grass. The purling, crystal creek was singing still. That was the story which he told. Perhaps not quite as I have told it now, but that, you may be assured, was the 'main substance of it. SOON, since the time was getting on, they all took wine-the ladies, very little glasses-and with it, ate sweet cake. And then, all rustling and chattering like birds, the women gathered up their shawls and bags and put their bonnets on. Mrs. Link pinned her shawl with a great cameo which. Archibold thought, looked like a round green target made of wax. The men drained down another glass apiece. Good nights were said and all of them pre-pared to take their leave. Before his Minnie took him by the arm, Jacob called Sol aside. "To-morrow. Sol, I should like to have an hour with you." "Of course, no greater pleasure in life, old boy. You know that. Any time at all, and I'll be in all day." Jacob looked over his shoulder. Shea-han stood in the hall, holding a lighted candle up to light the guests out to the darkened street. "Not at the office, Sol. Not in the office. Somewhere private." Old Link perceived that there was something wrong. "Dash it, what's the matter? You look as though you've killed a man. Per-haps you're going to?" "No, no," Jacob hurriedly replied. "But I want your advice, Sol, that's all. We will talk it over in the Blue Bell. I will be there at ten." "Ten, then, lt is. You may count on me. Jacob." The two of them shook hands and parted for the night. Sol Link rejoined his wife, and with the genial banker, Mrs. Daymond. and Whalen, walked up the quiet, deserted street. The hour was pretty late. As guests invariably do when they have left, they spoke of those whose hospitality they had enjoyed. Of Jacob and his quite bearable pomposity. Of Janet, too-a little malice here from Mrs. Link. And of the new partner in the "Courier." "Yes, a most charming man. And, mj dear, really quite handsome, don't yoi; think? I've heard-I really should nol mention it, or who told me, but it was only a whisper-that he and Miss Peglar are quite likely to be making a mater, of it. So Miriam Cape was telling me." Mrs. Daymond looked back to see ii the two men were dropping far behind. "No? Oh, my! I hádn't heard a word of it." ' "Well, it's the truth. And, of course, you know he's a ticket-of-leave man?" Indeed, yes. Mrs. Daymond knew. She hardly thought it mattered very much; surely, so long as they were happy. But Mrs. Link differed. "But, my love, Just think of it. The prejudice is stronger every day. Of course, it's nothing to do with me, but for my life I can't see what Mr. Peglar is about." Oh, yes, she quite admitted that he would make a most devoted husband. And she must find out what Solomon thought of it all. At the corner the party separated, said their good nights again, and went their several ways. -i^lv ND there, Sol, you have it all. Tell her now. and-I know the little girl-she'll take him out, and it ls done. Ach-Sol-you do not know my girl. Why, she would have the place down round my ears. Ah-Sol, Sol-I hardly know which way to turn." Indeed, he scarcely did. His weary eyes spoke of his moiling care. His finger- ends perpetually tapped upon the table top between them, aad his tall brandy and water stood there untouched. Malevolent and green it looked. "A knot, Jacob, old friend. A bad knot, and that's the truth of it." Link rasped his fingers round his rugged chin, drank in a gulp, and with his broad face resting on his hand, drew idle patterns in the small wet ring left by his glass. Link raised his head and spoke: "Jacob-I know your girl. Now, make no mistake of it-I know her very well. And- wait a minute-I know young Archbold, too. I say that you can thank yourself for this. You, Jacob-I talk as one old friend to another-almost en-couraged them. Dash lt, that's just exactly what you did. Come now-don't sit there like a fool, and try to deny it. It is your fault, and yours alone. And let me tell you this much. This girl and her fellow won't be cheated by you or anybody else. Make your mind up to that." "You knew that Archbold was on a ticket. You took him on. He-don't you deceive yourself-he it was who worked his Insides out, and practically made the paper what it is. You treated him as an equal-mind you, I'm not say-ing that he's not a man in a thousand In every way. But there it is. And when your Janet falls in love with the handsome dog, and he with her-up go your hands, and you call out: 'Oh, my poor daughter-my poor daughter!' Come -Jacob-I think you want to keep her to yourself, and that's all about it. Drink up, and we'll have another." At Link's brusque bidding Jacob raised his glass and drank. The spirit, strong and pricking, burned his throat. "Indeed, Sol, you do quite misunder-stand me. Altogether. Altogether. It is only that I feel as-as a father, Solas a father. It is not of myself I am thinking when I require that she shall have-ah-some time alone. There. Is that unreasonable? I do ask you-am I unreasonable in this?" His lips twitched nervously. "Sol-I think that she should have some-ah-time to think about it all, you understand, with-with John away." "Well-Jacob-what do you want to do?" Link at his best, with all his rugged kindliness, could never have been called a patient man. Now he was growing quite exasperated. But this time Jacob found the formula he had been feeling for. He leaned forward in his chair, dropped his voice, speaking with emphasis, and in a hurried whispering way. Sol frowned, and kept his gaze downbent. "I don't like it, Jacob. No, old fellow. It's a foolish dangerous thing. As a matter of fact, it's dishonest." "Very well, Solomon. I am not a fool; and now, I tell you it's the only way, If a way can be found. Now-" He spoke so softly that it was difficult to hear his words at all. Old Link drew forward In his chair again, half-drained his glass and scratched his grizzled head. "Jacob-I don't pretend to like lt. No -not one jot. If either of them ever suspected, then-I'll be frank-I wouldn't change places with you for a thousand guineas." "If only Storr was In, now, he mightI said he might-help you In this crack- brained scheme. But under-stand me well, Jacob-and once said we needn't speak of it again-I do not like the thing you want to do, and, directly, will have no part in it. What you do, you do yourself. More of it I don't wish to know." A sharp knock on the door caused him to stop. Both looked at the waiter as he came in. " 'Scuse me, gen'l'm'n, a Mr. Storr wants to know if you're here, Mr. Link, an' I told him I'd see." "Storr? Storr, did you say? Bring him in, walter." To Jacob, as he strode towards the door, he said: "Storr, eh? Gosh, what a marvel! I hadn't thought that he'd be In for two months more at least." But Storr himself lt was. Broad, squat, and with his gleaming beard and odd, high, nasal voice. "Well, now, captain, this, believe me, ls quite the best surprise I've had for long enough. When did you get In?" Link drew a third chair up. "By the way, you'll remember my old friend Peglar? I think you met him three or four years back down in the warehouse." In the next hour or so they spoke of many different things. Of trade and of the zigzag voyaging of the Helen Storr among the islands of the enchanted South Seas, putting in here and there and never fetching up to rest for many months on end. Of suits of sails, newspapers, copra, and of seamen's broken legs; of white flax traded by the Maoris in their dogskin robes; of bills of lading, manifests and drafts. A medley of subjects, all diverse, yet strangely bearing on these three men's lives. Yes, Mrs. Storr was well, and pleased to see a Christian woman's face again. And now the baby "What!" ejaculated Link, joyous and rubicund with brandy and good cheer. "A baby now? Ha, ha! There, Jacob, if that isn't enterprise, perhaps you can tell me what is? A boy or a girl?" Storr, quite unquestionably, was de-lighted with this interest. He laughed richly and combed his fingers through the splendid beard. "A girl. Mister Link, a girl. And, sir, a cuter little thing no man did ever see." An appetising smell from the low-cellinged dining-room reminded them at length that dinner-time was near. Jacob's mouth watered at the thought of boiled mutton, potatoes and capers. Sol Link's and Storr's loud, boisterous talk depressed him utterly. But Storr he must see-alone-to make his bargain and to do the thing to which his hand was set. His heart knocked hollowly within his meagre little breast. A mon- strous thing? A "dashed dishonest thing," as Sol had said? Come, while there yet was time-draw back and let these youngsters have their way. Ah, and what, if you please, of her, when he sat in the House and close to Mr. Went-worth's side? Eh? How would she like it then? Eh, if you please? He rose sharply and fumbled in his hat crown for his gloves. "Well, well, Sol, I must be off." "What's that? Nonsense, Jacob. Here, stay-" "No, I must Indeed be off-and straight away." He spoke as though he might be tempted to remain too long. Beneath his grizzled brows Link looked at him and saw the worry in his drawn little face. "Now, Mister Peglar. Well, I am right glad we meet again hyar in these happy circumstarnces. Perhaps I'll have the rare pleasure of seeing you before I sail again?" Storr thrust his great hand out. Be silent, rushing little voice which hissed and stammered in his ears: "Now! Now, quick. Quickly, Jacob! Now-do you hear?" "Yes, yes, indeed. He, he! Ah-yes. It-it occurs to me that perhaps you-ah -might care to see my paper printing? Ah-perhaps some afternoon?" He knew the feeling of the gambler who lifts the dice box in his hand. But in this case, you understand, the dice was cogged. Storr smiled and clapped the printer on the back. "Indeed, sir, that I should. Say, now, Mister Peglar, next Monday afternoon?" "S kJPLENDID, captain," Jacob replied. "Splendid-and, of course, you'll bring Mrs. Storr with you, eh?" Came Friday, Friday night, and Satur-day. A wretched little cavalcade of days which, passing, pointed out the man who went about his work and saw his banker, and performed the incidents of other days; who shaved and dressed and talked, and wrote and talked again, and climbed into his bed, and in a few swift-speeding hours climbed out;-and groaned because of Monday afternoon. His new suit came from Rapp; and per-kily groomed out, with his seals chinking as he walked, he went on Sunday morning to St. James'. His pew-he bought a share in it when "politics" .and "social eminence" first whispered in his ear-was near the pulpit, which in those days stood much nearer to the centre of the church than it does now. When the soft, mellow organ pealed the responses to the Litany, he joined in with the congregation. But, on this Sunday morning, clear, with an unflecked sky of powder-blue, laced to the north by creamy, soft-plumed clouds, the stately service of the Estab-lished Church found no response within his heart. That afternoon, while John and Janet took a boat and, for a shilling, sculled across to Kirribilli Point. Jacob sat in his softly-groaning chair and dozed. The old tree in the yard had thrust a nodding branch, in course of time, right out until its leaves brushed lightly on the window-pane. Its rustling was soft, quite gentle, like the stroking of a squirrel's paw, although on windy days or nights it struck and ruffled on the pane and seemed to say: "Let the swift air rush through and all about this house!" "M ISTHER SHTORR, iorr, wid Missis Shtorr." Sheahan put his head in through the office door. In a loud whisper, which might have been heard some twenty paces off, he added: "The felley wid th' black three on 'is face." He leered, then pulled his twisted old face into com-posure again. Jacob looked up. At Sheahan he frowned warningly. Then his face wreathed in pleasant smiles. His visitors came in. Storr's boots, a pair he kept for ceremonial use ashore, creaked loudly like a complaining door. His dark, closebuttoned coat was creased and rumpled and smelt of sweet, dry cedar wood- the aromatic wood of which the old seachests were made. His wife's green frock of muslin was freshly ironed, but her new shoes pinched her drawn feet sadly. Her face looked tired. She longed to put the baby down and rest. The day was warm. Light puffs of dust from time to time blew up the street. But here, In the dim light of Jacob's office, it was cool and quiet. Upon the wall behind his high-backed chair, from which the horsehair struggled to escape, a calendar, already spotted by the drowsy summer flies, shouted the day and the month. Monday it was, as you have guessed. The month was March. "Well, now, I am, indeed," said Jacob, as he thrust his glasses up and led the way toward the door, "delighted and honored to-to see you here. Delighted! De- lighted! A hot day outside, eh?" He smiled and laughed and rubbe* his hands. His words fell very swiftly from his lips. "And you, my dear Mrs. Storr, must come into the sitting-room and rest, eh? I should just think now-a nice hot cup of tea, eh? And here we have the baby. He, he, he! Such a monster of a baby, too ! Chicken-licken-licken-licken- licken ! " The four of them got along splendidly. Janet made tea and spread the creamy butter thickly upon the fresh-baked cin-namon loaf. And, of course, they all ate Abernethy biscuits-large, round, and indigestible. While the two women lingered over "just another cup of tea"-and while Janet, with the baby in her arms, chir-ruped and dicked her tongue and shook her head at it, and with assumed ferocity said: "Boh!" to see the small girl laughStorr, in the printing shop across the yard watched all the preparations for the morning's "Courier" to go to press. Jacob walked round with him. explain-ing this and that. How many papers the machine could handle in the hour. Who folded them and how. He saw the type set-up. and stood beside the busy men, all in white paper caps. It was a pleasant and instructive half-hour and Jacob, with his hands behind his tails, led him about and talked and showed his pride in this, the second darling of his heart. Archbold was out. But now, with nothing more to see, Storr said he "guessed the time was purty late," and that they had "best be off." The little printer gathered that Abel and his wife would dine with Sol. Now . . . ach prut . . . why did his heart pound in his breast? . . . Was it a crime for such a little time as it would be . . Was it a voice which whispered in his other ear: "A dishonest thing?" Or was it only fancy after all? . . . Now, if it came to that, Archbold himself might thank him, too . . . "Business? Business?" replied Storr to his hesitant inquiry. "Of course, Mister Peg-Peglar, Til talk business. My life, sir, is one long business, ain't it? Ha, ha!" Jacob, preceding the captain into the dim-lit office, with its vorn table, high desk and chairs which were beginning to grow loose and treacherous to sit upon, echoed his loud laugh nervously. Sheahan limped past the door, which stood ajar. Faintly, but growing louder as its owner travelled down the street, they heard the trotter man's hoarse cry. The two men sitting by the table cast a blurred shadow on the darkening walls. By this time sunlight was not shining into Rodman's Court. The little printer's face gleamed sharp and white. Leaning toward Storr he kept his weak eyes .down. From time to time he raised his hands, with fingers interlocked, and lightly smote the table edge. The bearded man was listening, and his dark challeng- ing eyes narrowed while he heard. When he ceased speaking, Storr's sing-song Intonation took him up. Then Jacob in his own turn spoke again. They did their haggling in tones so low that had an eavesdropper been posted by the door he would have had great difficulty in over-hearing what was said. "Well, then," said Storr, pushing his chair back as he stood, "that, sir, would seem to be all settled." Jacob rose and went across to the tall safe which stood against the wall behind his chair. From an iron drawer he took a small iron box. From it he counted out the stiff, white, crackling bills. They rustled as he placed each on the other's back, counting out audibly the while: "Five -ten-fifteen- twenty-five- fortyfive-sixty .." Storr counted too. He filled his great-bowled pipe. The printer's hands were trembling. This, said the little whispering voice, was quite a masterstroke. . . . Mr. Peglar, our re-spected member. . . .A man with a ticket of leave. . . . My daughter, Janet, Sir Francis. . . . "And-you think-you said, captain, about six months, eh?" "Well, there and thereabout, Mister Peglar," Storr rejoined, folding the bills and thrusting them into his deep breast pocket. Both of them moved towards the dcor. Jacob paused there. He brushed his sleeve, trying to keep the quaver from his voice. "Good care of him, Mister Peglar? The best care, sir. The very best. In fact, as I have said, a passenger. Very well, then, Tuesday night at about eight." There, it was done. Done? Well-nonot quite. One other thing remained to do, and then, a few tears-only men were firm and hard-a few tears, and time would work its own good cure. . . . Six months was such a short time, after all. Some two hours after Tuesday's sun was set, John Archbold set out on his journey-ing. That evening Jacob touched him on the arm and, sitting in the office, lit by a wavering candle flame, held up a thick, sealed packet in his hand. He licked his lips quickly and furtively and drew a breath. Thought John, he hasn't been himself of late. It was quite true. Per-haps too many late meetings? Too much intensity in his work? Time that her father slackened off. That is, if he wasn't to crack up altogether. Jacob spoke. "Now, John, my boy, I want you-ahto deliver this-it is most important, most important-to my friend, Captain Storr." "Captain Storr? Yes, Mr. Peglar. Where shall I find him?" "Listen. You can pick up a boat by Link's wharf. Storr's craft is called the Helen Storr. She lies straight opposite the warehouse. Give it to Storr himself. And-John-I should like him to have it by-by eight." He touched his hand, gave him the packet and smiled at him pathetically and with that aching forti-tude which guilt sometimes evokes. Archbold nodded. He went upstairs and brushed his hair, then put a street coat on. From the small wooden peg behind the door he took his hat. He stooped to put the candle out, and in that short space saw and smelt the fragrance of the little jug of flowers. He blew, and darkness, unrelieved and swift, smote the small attic room. Hearing him coming down the stairs, Janet came out and waited at the foot. She saw his hat upon his head. "Oh, John, dear, you are not going out?" She pouted. He smiled quite rue- fully. "But 'I am going out;-to take this down to your father's new friend, Storr, on his schooner. And, sweetheart, the moment I've given it to him I'll hurry back. But, listen, you're dressed. Put your shawl on and come with me. Mrs. Storr is on the ship, you know. Now hurry." He was boy-like in his eagerness. She shook her head. "Darling, I'm sorry. You know I should like to, but father has friends coming. Three men. I promised him I'd stay to help entertain them." "Oh, confound them for nuisances I However,- I'll hustle and be back in no time. So, a kiss . . . another. ..." She threw her arms about his neck and kissed him passionately. "There!" She was quite breathless. "You're a greedy fellow." Entreatingly, she added: "Now, you won't be long?" And as he turned away, leaving her standing in the soft light streaming through the door, he answered her: "Not very long." v He strode into the street, closing the front door after him. Janet went back and picked her novel up, a new one which she had bought the day before. A man named Dickens wrote it. "The Pickwick Papers" was its name. When Jingle wore the sporting member's coat and landed Winkle almost in a duel, she laughed in unaffected, girlish glee. But in the little office Jacob sat, his white, pinched face held in his shaking hands. In that half-hour old age, which does not always creep, sprang on him un- awares. T -t HE moon was not yet risen in the east. Deep, gloomy water lap-ping round and underneath Link's wharf in Sussex Street was black and threaten-ingly smooth. No starlight was reflected in its face. He heard the scuffling of rats beneath the wharf, and then, in answer to his hall -"Boat-oh!"-a shadowed blur which. with a rhythmic knocking sound, worked in, became a boat. ... To the Helen Storr, somewhere out there. . . . Did thc boatman know it? . . . Surely he did. .. A Yankee schooner? . . . Yes, that would be she. ... All right, then, there and back. . . . They had not far to go, ano creeping round the schooner's counter soon found a ladder dangling down hei salt-encrusted side. There was no sound on deck; nor anywhere, it seemed, within the ship. So quiet, so dark, she almost seemed deserted. With the sealed packet in the pocket ol his coat, he climbed aboard. As his foot stepped upon the deck the thin rim of the golden moon rose slowly up. The silence of the grave lay on the ship. No glimmer of a light, no voice, only that indescrib-able whispering of water, wood and rope which can be heard on any silent ship. He saw the halyard-ends, all neatly coiled upon the deck. He shouted," then, a good round, manly hail: "Hey, there! Anyone aboard?" No one replied. A few short paces off he saw the open hold, black like a yawning pit. The hatch was off. As he stepped out, he felt his left foot trip and almost fell upon his knees. A white flame lit the heavens, blotting out the moon, the stars and sea. It seared his eyes. His ears cracked with a dreadful detonation. This was the night on which John Archbold set out on his journeying again. At home in Rodman's Court Janet listened through the night, hoping to hear his footstep sound upon the stair. Her father and his friends sat in the office for two hours or more. For a time, in the sitting-room, she read her book, but growing tired of that, and somewhat worried, she brought her tumbled little work-box out and worked upon the hem-ming of a white chemise. From time to time she looked up at the quietly-ticking clock, which told its tale of minutes merging into hours. When it struck ten in sweetly-singing chimes she felt annoyed. Women who worry always grow irate. . . . You told me you would be back quickly, John. . . . Now it is ten o'clock. . . . You will be playing whist, with Mrs. Battle's brazen girls? . . . John, I am disappointed, dear. . . . The lowbent, trailing branch which brushed the window-pane rustled and knocked. When Jacob's friends had gone she went to bed. As she climbed up the stairs, candle in hand, the little printer stood and looked at her. He heard her move- ments in her room. He knew her thoughts. To-morrow-ah-that to-morrow must inevitably come. And with the business done, how tired and wretched did he feel. At least two people had no sleep that night. When, on the following day at twelve o'clock, frantic with worry, she had put her bonnet on and told him she would report John's absence to the police, Jacob told his lie. All night he had rehearsed that little lie. . . . John-he, he, he!had had from Storr an offer to sail down with him to Hobart Town. . . . Yes-ahon a matter of-of private business. . . . And profitable business, too. . . . Eh? ... Oh, no, no, she didn't know all John's business. . . . John was too close and sensible a fellow for that. He, he, he! ... Of course he would say nothing of it; so that there'd be no woman's fussing or objections. . . . So-so there. . . . And he'd be back-oh-oh, easily in five or six weeks. . . . What's that? . . . What was the business? Eh? . . . We-we-well, without being quite sure, he thought lt concerned a deal in-ah-whale oil. Yes, yes. That was it. Whale oil. . . . No, no, no, John hadn't told him that. Oh, no. . . . All right? . . . Why-he, he, he! -John would be all right . . . Ach, yes -if it came to that, then he could promise her he was quite safe. . . . Yes, safe. . . . But, no, he could tell her no more . . . not for the present. ... So there-she would be a good girl, eh? Jacob could do no work that day. No, nor for many other days. As the slow weeks crept past, his friends remarked his unfamiliar apathy. His back was bent. His footsteps, once so brisk, now dragged as though the very days were burdens on his loins. H IS eyes could scarcely pierce the fetid gloom. He raised his head. It ached as though a steel band crushed it in its grip and he groaned and fell back. Two points of fire were watching him-a quiet unwavering stare. Water, somewhere, was slopping dismally. From the black pestilential void which pressed about-above-on either sidestrange groanings could be heard, and, interspersed, a knocking, dull and slow; a knocking like a corpse's knees upon a coffin-lid. His starting eyeballs burned. Now, when he closed them, white sparks flickered in his brain. The schooner, flying to the east, all her canvas set, clove her hurried way through waves which leapt and tossed their rest-less heads to see her come. In the-dark, rancid hold the rats held solemn conclave on the form which lay inert upon the deck. Their eyes shone wickedly. Their breath was sour. One, bolder than the rest, sprang on the still man's face. It balanced on his head, against the schooner's even roll. Again, in a great muffled shout, he called: "Hey! Hey! Hey!" And stamped. His eyes grew more accustomed to the gloom. He found himself quite near a ladder running upward to the hatch. He mounted it. With his hard, powerful fist he hammered on the wood-great ringing blows which boomed down in the hold like a loud drum. Swift footsteps hurried on the deck. Standing upon the ladder-top, and with his shoulders bent, he heard the men unlash the great tarpaulin cover of the hatch and the thick chocks knocked out. daylight streamed on his face. Quite blinded by the glare, shaken and white, Archbold stood on the deck. He-gave one glance astern and saw the trouBled wake which raced back to the vaporous bar which formed the merging point of sky and sea. His heart contracted at the sight. Breaking through the knot of half a dozen men who, sizing up the situation, were smirking openly, Archibold made to-wards the broad, black- bearded man with dark, sardonic eyes. He, by description, must be Storr. "I came on board last night with a packet for you-" Smiling in what appeared to be a huje enjoyment of this joke, Storr, in his nasal singing voice, cut his words short: "Sir, pardon me. You did not. This ship was well at sea last night. Yes, and the night before that, too." "What? Two nights?" Archbold was stunned in his incredulous surprise. "What day ls this, then?" Storr, still sardonic, answered him. "This, slr, ls Friday morning." "Then-I have been lying in that hold for more than two days!" Storr knocked his pipe-bowl out, and stepped close up. "Look you here, slr. I neither know your name-no, nor what you're doing on my ship. -You bob up out of that thar hold and, so to speak, ask me the time of day. Come now-be more particular. Speak up." He tugged his glistening beard, and, turning, squinted at the sun. With that John Archibold's anger found a vent. "My name is Archbold, for what it may convey to you. I came aboard on-on Tuesday-at about eight o'clock in the evening. With this-for you-blast your hulk of a ship. However it happened, Lord knows, but all I'm concerned with is that I find myself shut in your cursed hold with the vessel three days out. Now, Captain Storr-I'm not a man to be played with. You'll have to put back." He stepped close up to Storr. "What! Do you think this is a time to laugh? I say -put back!" The thought of Janet's frantic anxiety spurred him to recklessness. His thick hair blowing in the wind, he wheeled and leapt for" the companion leading to the poop. "You!" he called to the steersman, his voice thick with anger. "Put her head round!" Storr gripped his sinewy arm and wrenched, him round. The thick beard bristled like the hackles of a dog. His dark eyes gleamed. "Ah-hah! Put back, eh? Put her head round? First let us understand each other, my good friend. I never put my ship back! No, sir, not for any living man. So much less fos the first drunken clown who tumbles in my 'hold and, by a pretty natterei oversight, is battened down. So there we have it!" "Now, see you here, Mr. Archbold. I am indeed right sorry to find you in this pickle. My friend, Peglar, gave me these letters for a friend of his in the Bay of Islands, and I tell you, sir, I'd give 'most anything to set you safe on shore again. I would so, Mister Archbold. But-put my ship back?" He shook his great head decidedly. "No, sir; that can't be done." "Well, Captain Storr, I understand your difficulty there. But I want you to under-stand mine. I have my employer to re-member-and my work. And-one in par- ticular who by now must be beside her-self with worry. I have neither clothes, money, nor anything else with me. An-other thing-I have no recollection what- ever of falling in that hold. It is my belief that- I was struck-attacked. Thrown down, if you want me to be frank." He felt hot and angry again. Storr raised his great gnarled paw and struck him on the back-quite playfully. "You were not robbed, sir? No? What you remember, Mister Archbold, I can't, myself, say.. But, sir, what interests me and my ship's company is that you were found in my ship's hold. And when you talk, Mister Archbold, of being attacked -well, that might very likely be. Purty well all hands were ashore that night till nigh ten o'clock. There are some right chancey customers there about that waterfront, I'm told. But, sir. for all that, I can't put back. No, that I jurt can't." The bearded Yankee spr' convincingly. Archbold, unshaven, f 'e, and feeling very weak, leaned back against the heav-ing rail. "Very well, Captain Storr, it seems you have me at a disadvantage. The fault is hardly mine-" "Nor mine, Mister Archbold, Sir," Storr interposed. "Perhaps not, but, very clearly, I'm not disposed to sail the seven seas in, this ship of yours until you choose to turn for Sydney again. Now, if it's a question of money, then for heaven's sake put a prici on it and let us see if we can come ti terms." The captain took his n ..iure, but, noni the less, with Storr a bargain was a bar-gain, come what might. Again, decisively he shook his bull's head left and right. "Money? What money you could pay Mister Archbold, won't turn the Heler Storr's nose round." Finality was in his tone. Archbolc looked round and saw the crew at work J These were the captain's men, to do hi! bidding when he spoke. Law was s slender, fragile force out here. Resist: Surely the action of a fool. Storr placed his hand upon his arm "Come, Mister Archbold, I'll fit you up with clothes and a good berth aft. And, take my word for it, the first homebound ship we raise, I'll put you aboard. Sure -and pay a passage back. Old Peglar will not grudge the holiday. Now, come below and meet my wife and my young friend, McLean." The two men turned and went below. That was how Archbold sailed from Sydney in the Helen Storr in the month of Mai ch in eighteen thirty-nine. While the tall girl in Rodman's Court, depressed and heavy-hearted, saw the interminable days turn into nights, the schooner travelled to the rosy east, bearing him farther from her every hour. Mrs. Storr was full of consternation and concern, but the natural embarrassment which Archbold felt in his unhappy plight melted away beneath the woman's kindly thought for him. From the material in the ship's trade store she ran up several shirts, and in a few days fitted him with a sufficiency of spare clothes. The man was grateful, too, and as the weeks drew on he found himself more interested in his new situation than he would have be-lieved possible. In Storr-hard, shrewd, sometimes brutal, too, and with the courage of a lion- he found a fascinating type of man, ripe with the knowledge of his forty years at sea. From him he learned for the first ' time the elements of seamanship-to hand and reef and steer. At noon each day he watched him shoot the sun and then work out the ship's position with parallels and pencil on the tattered chart. Storr grew to like his passenger. So did his wife. In the main cabin and at night Archbold, the captain, and his wife talked for long hours. John was, with other I things, a conversationalist, and now to j them he spoke of his world; of books that he had read; of London and its never-resting pageant-colored heart; of the unutterable vastness of the forest I bush, keeping its ceaseless vigil on the great new land beneath the Cross; of poets' silver-chiming words cast like ! translucent gems into a golden bowl. Watching his smiling lips beneath the grave, blue, piercing eyes, Storr thought that Peglar's loss had been Storr's gain. At other times Storr called for Mel. The four of them sat round the small, brass-cornered table underneath the lamp which swung, and played long games of whist and crib. Then, to amuse them, the great giant showed tricks, rare tricks of self-delusion and of juggling. And he did mystic, ancient, wicked things with bones. But as he watched this man whose black skin shone, Archbold saw quite un-erringly what McLean' had wondered if he saw-a sneer deep in his eyes. Behind his smiting, servile mouth, a heart attuned to treachery; a face which masked a demon stbtlety; and the slow patience of a man who knew his time would come. When Archbold first met Melchior, he started at the man's immensity. The black had looked down on the other man, who was no less than six good feet him-self, and softly smiled without a word. It was a smile which seemed to say: "I am the man who knows of things of which in good time I shall speak. Not yet; not now. The time for saying them has not come. Another day." The Helen Storr had been out more than four months now. Her hold was filling up, and with a steady nor'-east wind, Storr brought her down out of the latitudes which, with théir labyrinthine islands, atolls and white reefs, make the soft tepid waters to the north a garden marvel-land of sapphire tides and ver-dant earth and palms. Soon, John re-flected to himself in the quiet nights, this interlude would close down to its end, and in a few short weeks he would stride through her father's door to crush her in ecstatic passion to his breast; to hear her whisper through her breaking sobs: "Dear one-thou hast returned. Ah, the good Lord be thanked;" to gather up again those threads of life in Rodman's Court which on that night in March had fallen tangled from his grasp. BREAKFAST had just commenced. Storr sat at the table head. Archbold sat on his left, his wife down at the foot. And as they ate they laughed to see the baby's ludicrous at- tempts to crawl. A soft wind blew. The sun had not yet risen high, to pour its burning heat upon the glass-like surface of the sea. The new-tarred shrouds smelt pleasantly. They heard the great weight of the giant upon the companionway, which creaked. His shadow thrust aside the light which poured in through the open cabin door. Storr raised his head to see why Mel came aft. The negro, with his finger to his lip, strode round the table to the captain's side. His footsteps-no more than five had brought him round-were quite in-audible. Storr, seeing him so disregard his years' old rule never to let the slave stand at his back, half- turned. Sales lifted up his fearful arm and mallet fist. Then, before Archbold had realised his thought, he dealt the sitting man a frightful blow. Storr's skull and jaw-bone cracked and splintered at the stroke. He uttered not a sound. As his wife screamed and Archbold leapt upon his feet, the black drew from its holster underneath the captain's arm, his pistol, charged and primed. In the same movement, he thrust Storr's senseless, sitting form away. It tumbled to the deck and lay there, horribly inert. To the two, the man and woman facing him, he spoke: "This, ma'am-an' yo', too, Mistah Archbold-is mah ship." Swiftly the hand which held the pistol tensed. Archbold had moved as though he were about to spring. The slave man smiled, then laughed-terribly-eerily. What mem-ories of years of calculating hate that frightful laugh called up only his own dark demon heart could tell. The woman stood, both her hands pressed upon her tingling ears. The child, who crawled and crowed upon the snowy deck, sat up and laughed to hear the giant. She gripped his great toe and he stooped and lifted her away. His dreadful laughter ceased. "Yuss, Miss' Storr, ma'am, mah ship. ... Sit down." His voice snarled horribly and his black face contorted in a paralysis of hate. But when he spoke again ha spoke in tones as softly sibilant as a hiss-ing snake. "See this, yo' people"-he rolled Storr's huddled figure over with a thrust of his great foot-"see this fing. Twenty years -MHistah Archbold. Ah-h-h-h-h! Twenty years! Ah was his slave, suh. Oho! He whipped mah back!" Momentarily again, his forced composure left him. He al-most screamed. The woman put her head down on the table-top and Archbold, sit-ting by her side, felt his skin roughen underneath his clothes. This man-fool that he was not to have known it earlier -was mad. Like a great ape, Sales drummed his left hand on his chest. His black eyes flashed and rolled in their knowledge of his triumph. He almost chanted in his insane joy He stooped above the prostrate màn and, seizing his black beard, waggled his chin in a shocking motion of a man's mouth talking. The fractured bones grated frightfully, and at that sound the wife rose up-then fell prone in a swoon. Sales, holding the pistol on the tableedge before him, sat down. He looked at Archbold. "Mistan Archbold, suh, yo' an' me can und'stand one 'nother, an' taik. Yuss, suh. . . . No, sit still, or be the golly, suh, Ah'll blow yo' face right out. . . . Yuss, suh, we two c'n talk. . . . Ah'm the mas'r of this ship. The crew, suh, are on the deck an' wait fo' mah-mah-Mel. Yuss, Mistah Archbold. Oho, yuss!" "It mus' have 'curred to yo', suh, to wondah jus' how yo' came aboard this craft?" Archbold sat motionless. Shortly he answered him. "Why do you ask that, Sales?" "Why-Ah will tell yo'," replied the man who not so long ago had been a slave. "Yo' would, Mistah Archbold, be s'prised to heah that yo' were sent out heah- knocked on the head-huh-huh?" John Archbold felt a cold constriction round his heart. Yes, say what he might now to the black, he had suspected it. But with the thing before his face he feared to look at it. He feared to hear it put in words. He looked at Melchior, whose teeth were gleaming in the cabin light. The woman softly moaned. She sighed and shuddered. The sprawling figure that was Storr breached with an unnatural bubbling of the breath through blood. Sales glanced at him and grinned. Then he continued: "Yuss, suh, mah ordahs was to lay yo* out-an' not to break yo' head-then lay yo' in that hold. Ah, Mistah Archbold, carried yo' down thar. Th' othahs, all were sent asho'." Despite himself, Archbold half rose up from his seat. So did the black. Again they looked into each other's eyes. In Sales' John read the bitter truth. But in his smooth and liquid tones the negro, smiling, still, disclosed the orders Storr had given him upon that Tuesday night. The crew ashore and Abel's wife at Min-nie Link's, Sales to await the coming of the man at eight o'clock. Storr was be-low. The black had laced a fine cord fore and aft along the deck hard by the open hold, and when the man had stepped upon the planks and tripped, the slave, who until then had lain concealed and motionless, crept from behind and with a hand-spike struck him down. He had car-ried him below into the dark concealment of the hold, battered his hat in, and left him there that he might think hi must have fallen in. "... an', suh, that Storr did that." "Why, why? Sales, I believe you'n lying yet." The woman, white and trembling, lifte< her head. "Ho-lying? Not mah, Mlstah Archbold. Storr-pach!" He spat upor Storr's twisted upturned face. "Storr Ah say, was paid to do it. Yuss suh paid! Pat guinea bits. Ha, ha, ha, ha!" Archbold's vivid eyes blazed. Paidi Paid? By whom? The negro threw hi; great head back and laughed. Heler Storr dragged herself round to her hus-band's side. She raised his fracturée head and, with the bottom of her under-skirt, wiped the dark blood which oozed out from his mouth and ears. The cap-tain's pistol still held up, Sales stood erect. With his tongue dry and his cold eyes upon the pistol muzzle, Archbold "Paid to do lt? Who paid him? Who paid Storr-for that? Eh? Tell me that "Who paid him? Why, suh, now. Jus' who would? Ha, ha, ha! Who, Mistah Archbold, always pays a man to take 'nother man to sea? Ha, ha, ha! Who, now, would pay, suh?" Archbold's blood chilled within his veins. A myriad discordant voices gib- bered in his ears. Ah, could it be that? She never would have done this thing. The blood rushed to his eyes, casting a scar-let veli across his misty sight. Then, while the erstwhile slave enjoyed the whimsicality of this great joke, they heard Storr move. The two men and the woman watched the captain rising on his hands and knees. He groaned. The blood which dribbled from his mouth and ears ran to the deck. He raised himself laboriously, and with his eyes on Sales, essayed to speak. A wordless Jargon was the only sound he made. And as he swayed and with a savage fortitude stumbled and made towards Sales, the pistol roared. Clawing his stomach, with the dark blood-fountàin spurting between his crooked fingers, Storr pitched down upon his face. With frozen horror in her eyes, his wife watched dully as her husband twitched and died. The thin blue smoke trailed out, twirling and winding through the cabin door. The small child, Bessie, screamed-and Xrchbold leapt. D LRECTLY at the negro's throat he sprang. Through the blood-curdled film which painted every object in the cabin red, he saw that monstrous face convulsed and insane in its wicked joy, and in his ears astounding tumults crashed. His brown hand, fierce and vice-like, closed on the throat which stiffened into knots and cords of steel. His left arm curled about the negro's loins. With a fierce wrench he sought to bear him to the deck. Caught un-awares, Mel reeled and almost fell, but, powerful as he was, strain as he might, Archbold soon realised, while their great muscles cracked, that strength alone could not avail him now. Locked together, and breathing shrilly as they strove, they staggered over Storr's warm corpse, while Archbold felt the dead man's thigh roll underneath his gripping toes. Three of the crew had rushed into the cabin. Archbold swayed and made toward the giant, whose hot sweat trickled with blood which coursed down from his limply hang-ing ear. Then as the three men and the woman watched, the negro lunged. Rais-ing his fearful voice in that unearthly hooting cry, he swept his crushing arms about John Archibold's trunk, and, spit-ting blood and spittle as he breathed, bore him back-back-and down. Still choking in that frightful grip, Archbold, with his last sense deserting him, wrenched upon Sales' greasy head and neck. With desperate, insane ferocity, the slave bent to his knee, buried his fingers in the prone man's flesh, which tore and broke in such a dreadful clutch, raised him on high, and shrilling like a beast, dashed him upon the deck. The three men crowded round to see the man, inanimate and broken, at their feet,, who dared to fight with Mel. He lay unconscious and his face was but a raw and bloody mask of what it had been when they saw him last-perhaps a short half-hour before. The negro was a dread-ful sight to see. His underlip was pen-dulous and pulped, and his great bleed-ing ear looked like a bat's wing broken by a fall. His gleaming body dripped and steamed and stank. His sharp teeth, sobbing, whistled through his nose. The three men looked at Archbold, then at Storr. In a strained voice, one spoke. "Well, Mel, I guess you've done it." Mel, in his negroid bombast, leered and answered him. "Sho' Ah've done it, Tim. Sho! Didn't Ah say Ah'd do it? An' say, Tim, an' yo' boys-didn't Ah say Ah'd do it on mah own? Well-thar--Ah've done it-ho!" He spat and kicked Archbold as he lay; then wheeled about and saw the woman crouching, hysterically dumb, and with the child, Bessie, in her arms. The sight of her galvanised him into action. "Well, lady, Miss' Storr-now yo' know. Ah'm cap'n now, Ah am." They lifted Archbold up and dragged him up the companionway, his limp heels clattering dolefully as they went. Storr, for a time, they left. The schooner, hove-to in an idling sea, rocked gently, and the hot sun crept upon his vivid-sheening way. S TORR they flung overboard. The woman and the child Mel lowered down himself, the seven other men drawn round and watching mirthfully like rats. When the black stooped, lifted up Archbold's senseless form, and dropped it crashing in the small boat bobbing by the schooner's side, they laughed and jibed. Mel stocked the boat: two oars: no mast; no sail; a bag of bread, two junks of drip-ping salt junk from the harness casie, and a three-gallon breaker of water. That was his bargain with the men. Storrif he liked, but Mrs. Storr, her baby and the tall passenger must have their chance. Sales cursed their charity and weakness underneath his breath, then smiled and said: "Sho, boys, then that's all settled. Food an' water, sho." He was still smiling as he cast the small boat off. The man was lying doubled up upon the bottom boards; the woman huddled in the stern, her fretful baby in her arms. When the strong sun was at its zenith point they got the gently rolling schooner under way. As her sails caught the wind, she trembled to its touch, and the small boat leapt lightly in her toss-ing wake. The woman nursed the child until she fell to sleep again. Then, for the first time since the schooner upsailed and away, she stirred, to wrap her daughter in a shawl and lay her down between her feet. That done, she fell once more into a stony, sightless apathy. Prom time to time she shivered, and un-locked her hands, and raised her head toward the cobalt sky. Then she stared again unseeing at the dark-haired man who sprawled in a grotesque disorder of his limbs, one leg upon a thwart, his head thrown back, and his white face distorted in a repulsive stricture of the jaws. The afternoon, as though it were a very age of time, slipped slowly to the west. The idle sea slapped the boat's clinker sides in play and imperceptibly bore it upon an unnamed course. Pour hours ago and more the dwindling mark upon the northern horizon, which was the Helen Storr, had slipped from sight and now a filmy band of light spread in a silent breathing wash of light round to the west, merging with saffron, blue, and creamy gold to make a veiling curtain for the dusk-a curtain tremulous as joy. The disk of light which whirled in silence to the sea, gleamed in a riot of 6tark, soundless flame, then fell. Now the new dawn, approaching, brought a wind, a small, light wind whose breath was cold and damp. The woman, paralysed with hours of immobility, saw the thin fragment of the moon plunge in the darkened ocean to the west, and, turning round, .her heavy eyes were dazzled when the impatient ruddy sun lashed his great chariot to race again across the sky. The baby girl slept softly by her foot. Twice in the night < the senseless man had stirred, and, softly muttering, had fallen quiet again. Then in the swiftly glimmering dawn she rose and made her way stumbling down to him. Putting forth all her strength she drew him straight, and with a piece of linen from her petticoat, she sponged his face and neck with the cold water of the sea, washing the stiff blood from his face and forehead and throat. That did her good, for as she worked and strove to rouse thc man, she softly wept. Her tears ran down and dropped on Arch-bold's face. She spoke quite gently to herself. Then, as he made no sound or movement, she grew desperate. She shook him, lightly at first, but then more vigorously. Then she called him by name. "Mr. Archbold! Mr. Archbold!" She spoke close to his ear, insistently. "Mr. Archbold! Oh, Mr. Archbold! John! John! John Archbold" She let his head lie f back. Looking about she saw the water breaker in the bow. The small boat rocked as though it were a cradle on the sea. So, with some difficulty she struggled down to it. She found a small tin pannikin, and to quench her own sharp thirst, filled it and drank. Her heart throbbed once and turned. Incredulous, she put the pan-nikin to her lips again, but spat the mouthful out. The tin cup fell and clat-tered in the boat. The water was as salt as brine! For Sales had had his little joke and drawn lt from the sea. Terribly trembling, she used the pannikin ' to sluice sea-water over him; and all the time, an hour or more, she whispered quite incoherently to herself. Archbold groaned once. His eyelids flickered open and he stared at her in a complete bewilderment. Then his eyes j opened wide. "What . . .? This . . .? You : . li What am I doing here?" j "You have been, senseless all the night, I thought-I thought that you were dead. It was-" Abruptly she broke oft and fell upon her knees, while panic swept her on its rushing way. Her face was tense and livid in its fear. "My baby! Oh, what of my baby? Soon there will be nothing her to give her when she cries. Then-do you hear? _Oh, she must die! Do you hear? Die! Die!" Her voice rose in a terrible hysteria. "What did you say your name was, ma'am?" Wilth a pathetic effort to seem unconcerned, he spoke. She looked again at him. "My name? You know my name, of course. Helen Storr. Don't you re-member, now?" The shock of the blow must have disturbed his memory. Such things she had heard of before. "Storr? Storr? Ah, he was the captain of a ship-yes? What is my name? I-it seems hard to-to call it back to mind." Archbold-John. John Archbold. It sounded quite an unfamiliar name to him. And there were other names. She could not know of them . . . They would come back to him . . . They mustl He, too, had heard of these things happening to men. But-now-how dry had grown his thirsty mouth and throat. And hers. When the dark fell and all the stars leaped out, she clambered aft and sat with him. Then, while he slept an hour or two, she held the steering oar and watched the unpitying stars-the night-the seathe dark, imponderable sea, the mocking, moon-mad sea, the sneering, softlychiming sea. Sitting, forlorn and crouched, the woman watched the sea, while the man sought to conjure up again the forms and faces which had passed beyond the drawn veil of his mind. When he woke up the wind had dropped. He cut two buttons from his coat. They each sucked one. For a short time it held the misery of thirst at bay. Later that night, worn down with apprehension and despair, she slept. The water bearing those two people on its breast plucked at the voyaging, aim- less boat, and whispered "Drown." It tempted him, the man, who raised his flame-injected eyes and whispered, "Drown! Drown rather than be consumed by that white, throat-devouring fire, which brings thee first to madness, then to death." The child died first. Two days they watched her slowly withering and, chew- ing, leap from life. Such a pathetic little life it was. When Archbold touched the almost senseless woman's arm and made to lift her baby from her grasp, she drew her lip up in a dreadful, whispered snarl, and her poor, tortured eyes grew round with all the savagery of fear. But later in the day she slept and then he took the stiffened burden from her arms, climbed to the stern, and softly placed it downdown on the patient bosom of the sea. But when the dread triangle of a fin swept by and round in one swift-eddying turn, his heart knocked and he almost screamed aloud. He crouched and trembled in the sheets until he dozed again; a thin, uneasy state of dreadful sleep from which he wakened in the ecstasy of splashing water trickling on his face. The wind had freshened and the plunging boat, scud-ding before it, tossed broken spray up from her leaping bow. His blackened hand moved slowly round his throat. What fiery anguish could lie in a throat! His sight was failing and the fierce incandescence of the sun shone in a wicked transience upon green-arbored lanes and lichened, moisture-dripping rocks. But on the sixth day madness had them In its hold. When Archbold, back in Rod- man's Court, sat at an ink-smeared desk and scribbled copy by the ream, he heard a hollow plunge. The sound flung back his wandering mind upon another course, and standing by the taffrail of the Helen Storr, beneath a great bewilderment of stars, he heard the fat fish leap and saw the shining porpoise dive. But that in its turn swept away and when he opened wide his almost sightless eyes, he saw the moon rise slowly, green and torpid,, in the dark, flickering sky. When cool hands stroked his split, chapped face, he weakly smiled and tried to hold them in his own. But when he felt them close about his throat, he tossed and strove in frantic helplessness to cast them off. Anon, he rolled his dreadful eye, and had he had the strength he would have plunged into the cool green waste which shouted, "Drown I Drown, unhappy madman! Drown! But do not burn!" Through the cold, clammy, tropic dawn he lay upon his face, but when the dread sun's heat beat down he raised his head. She who had been there when the last sun shone had gone. Her awful muteness froze his very heart. Hour upon hour he lay, and feared to touch her hands. Hour upon hour the fierce light poured down upon his eyes. At last he bent his head and wept. In the late afternoon of this, the seventh day, he struggled weakly, with his trembling hands beneath her lifeless arms. With all his feeble strength he lifted her and raised her to the side. Huddled upon the gunwale of the boat, shs looked just like a crumpled, twisted doll-a do!l repellant, and from which the bran had run. He cast an almost guilty look behind, as though he feared to do what his last senses told him must be done. Then, with his left hand crushed upon his eyes, he thrust her down-into the garden of the sea which held her child. T XHE coxswain urged the eager oarsmen on. The water bubbled at tiri whaleboat's sharp, curved prow. Down to leeward, her lean, black symmetry cut sharply out against the setting sun, the whaler foiled, hove to. "As you go." Thrn a sharp order from the coxswain in the woollen cap. "Way 'nough. Hold water." As they drew up and alongside, the men craned round to see what might be in the other boat. In a sharp, ringing tone the coxswain cried: "By heavens, boys, the skipper's right I It's a mani" "And a dead one, too, by the looks of 'im," answered stroke. The two boats grated softly side by side, rolling upon a softly-heaving swell. The coxswain stood and peered at Archibold, silent and senseless, in the warping boat. He, when the small man in the woollen cap leaped in and raised his head, moaned once. The dry breath snored within his throat. Slowly they drew him from his boat to theirs. He lay curled at the coxswain's feet. The whaleboat's crew gave way, and bending to their work, soon fetched up beneath the whaler's quarter. The falls hooked on. "Marry!" was the order from the dark-skinned mate, and "Hoist away!" Swiftly the whaleboat rose up on the blocks, smooth as a curtain rising on a stage, and just as silently. Archbold, they carried to the fore-castle, and treated him In the imme morial manner of sailormen with warm and undiluted rum. Soon afterwards the whaler, Pocahontas, was under way again. Her home was in New Bedford. Her cap- tain was Jasper Slape. The coxswain's name was Shotter-Sep Shotter. So, on the Pocahontas, willy-nilly, Archbold sailed. Down to the icy barriers of the Anatarctic seas, out to the inshore and the offshore banks, and through the New Zealand grounds. A mort of rolling water, Archbold sailed in her, hunting the great fish. When Sep, the grey-eyed, pink-faced man whose hair was olly purple like a Dyak girl's, dragged Archbold from the drifting boat and back to life, Jacob, in Rodman's Court, fed pathetically on hope, the least substantial meal for any man. while Janet's eyes were drawn and saddened with a dreadful fear and the sharp knowledge of what had to come. A LIE is like a living organism in that it breeds its own de-ceiving species. So Jacob found, at least, when he had done the thing. For while John sailed with Abel Storr, and long before Sales' seizure of the ship, he found himself committed to the cruelty-a cruelty, indeed, to both of them-of reel-ing off, time and again, that wretched tale which once to him had seemed so plausible and watertight. And now five months had come and gone. While Jacob, bent and docile, slaved at his work, endeavoring to crowd out thoughts and memories which would steal in and knock insistently within hi's ear; while he raised both his scurrying pen and nervous, dogmatic little voice in the campaigns for self-government and the abolition of the transportation sys-tem, and mingled, softly striving, with the proud, the opulent, the landed and the great-she waited in a terrible abstrac-tion of the mind. The small net bag upon her arm, she did her shopping as she had done before he went away. ("Why? Why had he not told her?") She met her friends and seemed to laugh-if a constriction of the lips can be called mirth; and helped to entertain the folk who came to Rodman's Court now, so frequently. But when Jacob, shortly after John had gone, sug-gested that she go out more with him. Janet had frowned. And when he urged her-Eh! Yes?-to see more of the young fellows of her own age, she said they made her sick and tired. When, pressing it. he blundered on, and with a clownish clumsiness, tittered and told her that Peveril, the bank accountant, was most anxious that Oswold, his son, should meet her, her eyes flamed, and in aston-ishment, Jacob had wisely let the subject drop. He never brought it up again. Jacob, this day, was out, and Janet sewed. But not, this time, a white chemise. Before her on the table was a little heap of snowy flannelette. She cut around a paper pattern, and with a thimble on her finger-end, thrust the bright needle through and back. Her head, crowned by its coronet of copper- gold, she held upon one side. The tripping needle gleamed and a bright plashing tear, bril-liant and silver in the light, dropped on the tiny thing she stitched. She put her sewing^lown and wiped her eyes, but when she pressed them with her fragrant little handkerchief, they burst and spilled their treasury of other crystal tears. Her face held in her two small hands, she wept. Her old companion in the yard tossed his great arms in impo-tent compassion for her grief. Since that March night when John had closed the door and gone out journeying, the paper had not been the same. And Jacob, tormented by his own heartfelt re- grets, and struggling at night against the fear that something might have happened after all-he knew it, too. The "Courier's" healthy pulse seemed lazy, tired and slow. The cheery flame reflected in its pages seemed to have flickered down and died. The ring of it, its vigor and its soul, seemed to have faded out and passed away. With all his care and tormènt, though, Peglar was making money from his "Courier." No doubt of that. Pat guineas piled up in his bank and he began to think of building his own house, a house of freestone, on the allotment he had pur-chased on the Surry Hills. But only ceaseless and unremitting activity quelled for a time the conscience gnawing like a rat upon his heart. He gave himself no moment's rest, but feverishly worked from dawn to dark, still with his grey, short-sighted, blinking eyes upon the prize he thought he could attain. Now, Mr. Wentworth, my dear sir, I've done the thing . . . and, if I took your meaning right, I'll enter politics. . . . My answer, sir, is "Yes." . . . Yes, to be sure. And be your strong supporter all your noble life. . . . Great, honorable patron. . . . Dread, splendid Mr. Went-worth. . Whose very house is noble and baronial. . . . The eucalyptus trees in Vaucluse Park might sneer, indeed, to see the'unfamiliar oaks and elms which came from other lands and peep through bow-men's crenallations in the thick stone walls . . . This was a rare new sight to them. . . . Perhaps they took it as a joke? . . . Well, what of that, eh? What of that? But now, oppressed by five months' care and piling-up remorse, he quailed to hear Sol's words ring in his ear. What was it Link had said that day they drank their brandy in the Blue Bell sitting-room? Eh, that was it: "Ships are but ships, at best. And ships sometimes go out and don't come home again." But that ship must come home. With a deceptive ease he squared his little conscience round. Janet had had her chance of-well, of what. Eh? To-to look about-and, yes, that was it, and make her own mind up. Besides, ach, how was he to know that the chirruping little mad-cap would take it all like this? Refuse to make new friends. In fact, it was a tiresome job to get the girl to see old ones. * Denny's eyes spoke of an almost angry resolution. The patient hopefulness which marked her face smote his old heart. Softly he closed the door. He held his finger to his lip as Mel, the enchanted singer, did upon a time to Abel Storr. She put her knitting down. He stood before her with his twisted shoul- ders stooped as though a burden on them were too great. "What is it, Denny?" The wrinkled Irishman's face worked. He raised his arm in a strange, sweeping gesture. '"Tis of the man, Miss Jhanet, Oi wad Shpake. Him who 'ave gone away." She had known it. "Oi 'ave ate 'ls honor's-y'r feyther's -bhread these many year. 'Tts so, Miss Jhánet. 'Ave Oi not? Ol 'ave." Sheahan drew in his breath. The girl looked at him with her eyes dilated wide and her red lips pressed into a bloodless line. She motioned him to speak, and with a heart which seemed to dwindle down within her looked through the window out to the shady yard. '"Tis so. An' 'ave Ol not be'eld y'r pretty self grow up? 'Tis so again, Ol says. Bethray 'im yet, but Ol will, for 'tis a bad thing that 'e 'ave done. Oi says it." She wheeled about and seized his gnarled old hand. "What is this you say? What did my -my father have in this? How do you know? Where is he now, then, if you know so much?" Sheahan felt very bleached and small. "Phwere ls the felley now? Ol cannot tell yez that, but-this much: Ol mis- remember th' day, but a. man named Shtorr-aha, 'twas the man Shtorr-'airy loike the back of a ghrate ape-what brought 'is lady an' a baby choild hare, upon wan sunny afthernoon. Aha, 'twas a foine day in March. Now, Ol recall, y'r feyther 'ad not bin fr long enough 'is jharnty, skippin' self. Y JL'R. feyther-ah, well, -y'r feyther-did sit in the orffice room wid the 'airy felley, Shtorr. Aha-as yez says-'tis roight. Too thrue, 'tis roight! They shpoke, the two of thim, in a soft, whoosperin' tone-shwiss-shwiss. 'Twere just loike that. Wait." Sheahan would tell the thing in his own way. For all his troubled heart and pity for the girl whose bleak face stared down on his own, his rooted Celtic love of story-telling rose, for the moment, uppermost. The gesture of his upraised hand was quite superb. "Wait. Oi heered y'r feyther shay: 'An' 'e musht not be harrumed, nor badly hurrted.' Alia. To that the mowlin Yan-kee wid the black fur on 'is face says: 'Hurrted? Not a bit uv it.' An' y'r fey-ther says: 'An' the young felley will not know we 'ad an 'and in 't, eh?' An' Shtorr-now blast 'im fr the black dhog that 'e is-replies, so 'e did; 'Me 'and-' A dhirty black 'and, too. Oi'll take me warrant on't-'Me 'and-me own 'andon that, Mishter Peglar, sorr, on that,' 'e says. Wid that y'r feyther, Miss Jhanet, leps up from 'is chair an' counts out money from 'is box. 'E guv it to the mangy, 'airy wan. Oho. Oi sees it now, as plain as loight." Sheahan stopped. For a moment there was miserable silence. The girl, whose face was strained and pallid and in-credulous, spoke now, with her gaze averted from the little cripple's face. "This thing you tell me-can you be sure? Quite, quite sure? I mean-" "Sure, yez say's? Sure? Too sure! Phwat Oi shay now-'tis so. There wuz a dale of talkin' an' mutterin' an' soft blarney, but Oi heered enough to tell yez -an' begorra 'tis not Oi who'll be carin' who the divil knows it-that yez both bin diddled an' done." She sent him out. His heart was heavy as he limped back to the clanking press. When he had gone, she sat, quite shocked and trembling, in Jacob's creaking rock-ing-chair. There, with the old clock look-ing down on her and ticking out its cease-less tale of hours, she sat with her tight hands underneath her chin. She might have guessed. She had been blind not to have realised why, in late months, her father seemed afraid to meet her eyes; why he worked desperately, morning, noon and night; and why he looked so bowed, and tired, and old. Slowly, a cold and terrible resentment welled up In her choking her. She heard her father's step. As he walked in, with several parcels in his arms, she looked him in the face. He had no time to see the flaming anger in her tawny eyes, the marble pallor of her face. "What did you do with John?" Confounded and appalled, he seemed to shrink with guilt. His hat fell from his hand. It bounced with a light, hollow sound upon the floor. Unwatched, it rolled beneath a chair. The parcels which he carried, one by one, fell down. His stiff-ened, stammering lips refused to speak. He put his hand behind him, searching for a seat. His shoulders sloped down and his face was as grey as a cinder in dust. Ah-h-h-h, this . . . this . . . tills was what he had always feared. Yes, feared. Now, what a dreadful thing a fear could be. Her burning passionate eyes looked into his. Quavering in a horrified dismay, the wretched little fellow sagged into the chair. "Will you answer me, father? You heard what I asked you. What did you do with John?" "W-w-w-with John, my dearest? What -what-you are having a-a little joke -eh- eh?" At that, her nostrils trembling with rage, she threw discretion and respect to the winds. "Joking? Joking? You cheat! You wicked, wicked cheat!" She was so overwrought with this white flame of anger that she could not articu-late. Her throbbing voice was thick. She choked upon a raging sob. Hev smitten silent in this astounding catastrophe, sat up in a bewilderment impossible to de-scribe. "Oh, you needn't trouble to answer me. I know it all. You-you bribed Captain Storr to take John away. You hoped that I'd forget him or marry someone else. You cheated him-you evil little hypo- crite-because you feared to be the father -of a man on a ticket of leave!" She stamped her foot and stepped close up to him. He shrank away, his lips moving soundlessly. At every bitter epi-thet she flung at him, his small chest swelled as though his sickly-pounding ' heart would burst. Ach! Ach! How terribly her hard voice rang. "Yes, you did that thing because you're weak; and because you've the heart of a little cur! You knew-don't sit there and tell me lies-you knew he loved me. Yes, and you know I love him. But because you thought your great fri_..ds would turn you away if I married an ex-convict, you stooped to trickery and lies, hoping you could stop us getting married! Six months! Six months! And where is he now? Where is John now? No, you don't know! And until I found you out you didn't care! Do you hear, you dishonest,cringing, white-faced little man, you? You didn't care." She paused and drew a hissing dreadful breath and put her face down in her hands. "Oh, now you have murdered all my joy. Nothing can ever be the same. Do you hear me? Never!" In a'dull, lifeless voice, he spoke at last. "Janet, dear-don't-oh, don't blame me too much. I-I only did what I have done-for thee. Yes." He nodded his white head up and down, his eyes patheti cally raised to hers. "Yes, yes, indeed. Fo right or wrong, I did it all for-" "Yourself, I say!" she passionately an swered him. He quailed. Deep in him anothe voice spoke softly for his ringing ears to hear. "She speaks the truth." When Jane spoke again her voice was low, intense and every syllable fell like a whip-lash oi his squirming soul. "Now it is done and I shall have to wal for him. But you must know this, too. : would have spared you something-untl at least John had come back. But nov he will not come back-yet. No, not yet There are not two of us any more, bu; three. Have you been blind?" He gazed at her across the tops of thc steel spectacles, which now, as always were askew upon his drooping, thinpinched nose. He thrust them up anc peered at her again. He had been blind Now he was worse, the ceaseless small voice said, than Cain. About his tingling, roar-ing ears, the wretched structure he had built, and thought it policy, fell with a shattering confusion into potsherds, laths, and every kind of gimcrack worthlessness, Bemused, quite stupefied, he looked at her, He saw his daughter standing there, foi all her dreadful anger, lonely and vaguely fearful of the door she must pass through so very soon. Would that her long dead mother could be with her now. The hot tears struggled to his eyes. He sprang up from his chair and cast himself upon his bony knees, his arms about her trembling form. "Ah, my poor, poor pretty thing. . . . My heart-it-it will not let me speak. For what I did, and for the little time I thought it would be, forgive me. . . . Forgive me if you can. . . . And for the baby's sake. . . . Ach, I am broken down with all of it. ..." Unthinkingly, her brimming eyes upon the gently waving tree-who tried to cheer her heart by throwing sunlight from his green leaves on her face-she placed her hand upon his head. It was her father kneeling at her feet. He who began her life. He 'must get up. The sight of his abasement was far more than she could bear. She raised him up and in each other's arms their warm tears streamed. H ER baby came on Christmas Day. When the first morn-ing bells rang out and clashed and pealed their message to the folk of Sydney town, when the bright day was dawning and the birds sang in a delirium of joy, her son was born. Poor Jacob, pinched and grey-let there be no mistake about it, he was in all ap-pearances, at least, an old man nowchafed in a miserable cold sweat in the small living-room downstc.irs. He heard the midwife's heavy clumping step above, and then, when Sheahan showed the doc-tor in, he listened in spite of himself, and quaked to hear the footsteps in the room above. How futile, now, to wish that John were here. How futile, too, to hope that he could ever come again. For that ship had gone out and never had returned. These last few months had been a torture and a nightmare to the printer man. Day after day he had watched his daughter's îopelessness grow like a spreading cloud upon a rosy sky, until he almost wished that he were dead. At the exchange, at the old post office, In the banking chamber of the Bank of New South Wales, round In the Hope and Anchor Inn, at the Mechanics' Institute, In all the haunts which he had frequented, his friends had seen the sudden change in him. That swift transition in a man which, like the passage of a shadow over light, bespeaks old age. His one-time boyish, springy step was gone. His back was bent and skinny and his knees were slack. Perhaps the saddest circumstance of all the consequences of his folly, and of the sorrow which it wrought, was Sol Link's rarer visits to the house in Rodman's Court. One may not altogether censure Sol. Jacob's mad project, and the de-ception which, in his vanity, he had prac-tised upon Janet and her John, old Link had never liked. When it was done, although he washed his hands of it, things between Jacob and himself were never quite the same. When business took him to the office of the "Courier" he feared to see the sad-faced girl who smiled courageously and looked« so candidly out of her soft and tawny eyes. Sol wished with all his bluff old heart that he had never listened to the thing. Rather that he had said that dismal morning in the Blue Bell Inn: "What, Jacob? You speak to me about a thing like that? Then do lt, if your mind's made up, but never seek to hold my hand again." No, he had not done that. He had been weak about it all. Weak? Well, worse than weak. Sol had the manliness to think about himself. But in the last few weeks his Minnie had come home from Mrs. Sproules, whose husband kept a draper's shop not far from Mr. Moffitt's in Pitt Street. What she told Sol that night, while she screwed papers in her scanty hair, was bad. At all events, with this bad news, Sol made up his mind then and there to walk to Rodman's with his wife on Christmas Day. What better day, thought Sol, than Christmas Day on which to bid his old friend to perk up and let his troubled daughter see that old friends still stuck close? Stout, bluff, well-meaning Sol-for all his small share in that wretched morning's work. She cried out once, a deep and an-guished cry, then closed her lips. The golden light of Christmas Day shone down upon the great old tree in Rodman's Court -and on her son. When smiling Dr.'Kayline, whose double chin and satin waistcoat were a sight to see, told him he might see her, Jacob climbed softly up the stairs and through the opened doorway of her room looked in. When he walked to her bed, she looked at him and smiled. Her fin-gers moved. With one she jogged a little greeting on the quilt. Her eyelids blinked and the two tears crept down her tired, pinched face. She said: "He-he's here-now." Jacob knelt down and pressed her little hand upon his eyes. Then, in a tumbling burst of stormy sobs, he cried, helplessly and terribly-like a boy- until the lum-bering but kindly Mrs. Twillip-shooshed him and told him he was all worked up and would upset the lamb. Jacob, quite stupefied, looked round, almost as though he expected to see some infant specimen of merino in the room. Instead, he saw his grandson, crinkled and red, who lay, enrolled in fragrant flannelette, in a deep basket by the foot of Janet's bed. He thrust his foggy glasses up, then took them off. She smiled again. "Who is he like?" "Like? Ach, my darling, he ls likelike John, of course, eh, eh?" Gently she drew him down and kissed his swelling eyelids. His name, she said, was John. She called him little John. A PTER three weeks of weakness alternated with delirium, the man had come to life. The skipper had questioned him. The blue-eyed man could only shake his head and press his dark, emaciated hand against his brow. He seemed confused, as if he could not think. Besides, the matter of his name was worrying him. Was his name Chase? He could not be sure. . . . But if they said it was, it must be so. . . . For when his eyes had opened on the dark-grained deck, the day that they had brought him from his boat, persistently he drivelled about clover in a field-a dead man's cheeks-of some-thing which he seemed to call a chase-of nonpariel- and stone. The crew could make no sense of it at all. So, with a seaman's fatalism, Slape had directed that the men draw lots. Sep Shotter's slip had been drawn first. The name upon it was John Chase, and John Chase there and then he had become. "Chase?" the captain had remarked. "John Chase? Waal, I reckon that's as good a name as any-at all events, until his own name comes back to his empty nut. Anyway, Shapcott, get him on his feet as soon as you can, and we'll see what he's made of." , The man's return to health was swift enough. When he was recovered and about, the captain questioned him again. The tall man's forehead wrinkled in a desperate effort to recall something of what had passed, before and after Sales had flung him with such fearful force upon the schooner's deck. He shook his head, then slowly spoke. "I have heard of this thing happening to men, Captain Slape, but I cannot re- member the boat-no, nor anything at all." Slape was inclined at last to be con-vinced. He stared the man directly in the face and looked into his candid eyes, the eyes of blue which she upon a time had loved to see. Now they were opened wider than they had been before. Instead of the old piercing look, they had in them some quality of a small child's regard. Now they suggested in their openness almost a puzzled speculative curiosity. "But, say. Chase, tell'me now. Think hard. Can't you remember the port this ship of yours sailed from? And what was her skipper like? Where'd you been? Dash it, man, you can't have mislaid everything in that round head of yours! What say now. Chase?" "I can remember nothi. 0. Unless, cap-tain, a wild confusion of broken thoughts can count for anything. You think-you say. there must have been a woman in the boat. But you tell me* I was quite alone. She might have been. Perhaps it was a dream-a fever-when I spoke *f her. . . . Still, a sail made of petticoats? Now, when I strain my mind to think, I hear a noise which sounds as though a thousand voices tried to speak at once. . . . And then that hot pain sweeps be-hind my ears. ... My very name has gone away. The one which you have given me might just as well, now, be a» number on my back. ..." "Remarkable! Remarkable! You look, so darn right strong and hefty, too." The captain of the whaler gave it up,, so John signed on, a hand before the mast, and had another trade to learn: the trade of hunting the great fish-the right whale, and the sperm whale-in his own preserves. Like an automaton, he found that, without conscious thought, the things which he had learnt in the old life came to his mind again. When he saw Slape lift up the sextant to his eye, John realised that he could take a sight as well. But none the less, where he had learned, and in what kind of circumstance, his brain could not-or would not-say. And so it was with every other thing to which his mind had been familiarised by use. Now they rose up from his subconscious self detachedly and quite divorced from any will force of his own. In Sep, the fresh-faced man who had the queer black thatch upon his head, he had a close and congenial comrade. It had been Sen's lynx-eye which first picked up the drifting boat. Sep's arm it was which raised the almost dead man's head and, when they stretched him out upon the oil-stained deck, Sep poured the warm rum down his anguished throat until his feeble fingers clutched again at life. So, while the whaler swept the sea, and while the months went down into the dark, un-fathomable well of time, John took his place among the tough, hard-bitten ones who hunted for the fish. Before a little time was past his solid qualities, good humor, and willingness to work hard for his salt, earned him the forecastle's grudg-ing tribute to a man- respect. For, what may be the case ashore, you can't fool tasily the stubborn man who sails the sea. rle knows a man. As for the humbug or the knave, the forecastle either breaks his back or heart. But this newcomer in their midst was such a one as they. The Pocahontas' owner was a Scot. His hame was Scottish, too, to wit, MacLish. He was a shrewd, hard-driving Yankee Celt, who plied his business in New Bed- ford, that cradle port of whaling-ships, whence the Pocahontas and her five sister ships sailed on their whaling hunts. Some-times, when luck sailed with the ship, three years would see them back. More usually, they would be out for four. On this, his first voyage under Slape, John was to sall a road which, had its course been pricked upon a chart, would have ' revealed a tracery of Interlacing lines be-wildering to see. The sea was rising and the spume* flecked air was cold. Reefed down, the whaler plunged upon her course-due south. On deck, the man the crew called Chase was at the wheel. Down in the forecastle, lit by two brass lamps which twitched and swung from the deck beams above, four men leaned, elbows on the scrubbed deal table-top, and yarned. The warm, close atmosphere was hazy with tobacco smoke. It swept in low and lazy writhing swirls about the four men's heads. Through the warm dimness of the fore-castle could be seen the forms of sleeping men upon their narrow bunks. Two or three others, dark and weather- marked, sprawled at the table while they joked and»laughed. Pounding her plunging way against a flying head-on sea, the whaler, reefed down snug, thrust her black, tossing head into the icy spume which leaped and scudded like a wet frost through the booming lacework of the shrilly-hum-ming shrouds. The bearded man whose blue eyes peered so fixedly, first at the almost stationary compass card, then straight ahead, braced wide his feet. When a great wave swung up and lifted high the counter of the ship, the wheel kicked sharply in his grip. He brought it two spokes round, then wedged it with his knee. With his sealskin-mittened hand he rubbed the stinging particles of brine spray out of his eyes, and from his crisplycurling beard. A dim shape in the figure of a man resolved itself out of the dark. It was the seaman, Shotter; the man for whom John held a deep affection in his heart. Sep was, let it be said, not of the common run of seamen to be found in those rough, joyous days upon the whaling craft. Americans and Scots, negroes and Englishmen, Swedes and Portuguese- the whalers drew a motley ruffian army for their work. Some went upon their questing for the fish because they were themselves the quarry of another hunting thing-the law. Others were reckless, cocksure boys who loved the richly-colored squalid, roystering life. And others, having gone down upon the seas, lacked the imagination to entancipate themselves from what was little short of slavery. A few were hunters of the fish because they loved the life. The forecastle of the whaler never was a place for fops, idlers, or fools. But Shotter had a wife and children back in New Bedford. In time, by patient industry and work, he hoped to rise and be, at least, a mate on one of old MacLish's ships. A RCHBOLD-or Chase -just as you will, rarely made friends of men. Perhaps his situation in the past had made it difficult. But, for this honest striving man he felt the very closest com-radeship. Indeed, Sep was the only man to whom he gave his confidence. He was his friend for many years. As he came up to him John felt the warming gladness of companionship. With Sep he had spent patient hours, storing up in his mind the mystery pertaining to the craft of sea-manship. For, mark you, what the ordin-ary mariner must know, the man who sallies out to hunt the fish must know tenfold. It is a mystery. And pink-cheeked Sep gave all his own broad knowledge of the game for his friend's asking. Many the long and pleasant hours they spent beneath the shelter of a hatch, in soft-voiced talk. So now, upon this night, his trick as helmsman almost stood, John knew a pleasure when he heard Sep's voice. "Must be six bells, John." He went aft to the cabin and saw the large brassbound chronometer by which the whaler sailed. The singing bell peeled out. The watch was changed. And from the fore-castle rose the cheerful clash of large tin mugs and plates. The sparks trailed from the funnel of the caboose. The wheel was taken over by another man. John walked the heaving greasy deck with Shotter by his side. "The old man's driving her, all right," remarked Sep. "There's the cold smell of ice about. It won't be long before we're in amongst the bergs. And then, my buck --" He laughed and slowly filled his pipe. The man the crew called Chase leaned back against the rail. "How long is it since we fished you up, John?" "Eh? Oh, let me see. Nine months-or so close that it won't matter. And soon it will be Christmas Day, and a double ration of grog and plum duff." Christmas Day! He could not tell how old he was, but now the thought occurred to him he must have spent a" fair number of Christmas Days somewhere. America? He did. not know. England, then? No one, of course, could doubt he was an English-man. None of the crew disputed that. Sep spoke again. "What, not worrying over it again, are you? That's a waste of time, if ever any-thing was." "Worrying? No, I should not say that. But, none the less, it's-well-a challenge to a man's own mind, to know it's such a poor sort of thing after all. No, Sep, old fellow, I shouldn't call it worrying, but to a certain extent I'll always be concerned about it. After all, it's an uncanny feel-ing. Like being in a room with your back turned on a candle. Most people, you know, would give anything to see into the future. But I'm the man who'd give an eye to look into the past." "Yes, but, look here. This ls the way I look at it, and, for what it's worth, it's my advice." Öep paused. Slowly he scratched the smooth skin just behind his ear. "Well, go on," said the other man, his blue eyes smiling. "Then this. Most of us would like to forget something or other in our lives, and can't. But you're one of the lucky ones. You've forgotten everything. So-I shouldn't try too hard to catch this ghost of yours, in case you dig up something pretty rare. Something you won't like, perhaps." John laughed in his full, cheerful voice. And so did Sep. Soon afterwards they joined the others in the forecastle, foggy with blue tobacco smoke, and then turned in. The rushing water on the whaler's streaming hull brought to the men, first, drowsiness, and then the oblivion of healthy sleep. The man who had the look-out in the fore top-gallant crosstrees peered again. The tepid sun reflected from the falling sea glittered and hurt his straining eyes with vivid needle-pricks. Below him was the ship. A child's toy, she seemed, with every spar and rope and neat, fine plank reduced into the sharp clarity of smallcarved ivory. The sky was very hard and blue. Shrill screaming gulls dipped and beat up against the wind, and wheeled upon a level with the lookout's head. He peered again. Far off, it seemed, he saw a small fine fluff of slowly falling steam. It was-? Wait. Yes! Yes! His great voice billowed from the high crosstrees. "Thar-she blows! She blows! She blows, ho! She blo-o-o-o-o-ws!" Down on the distant deck he saw the scurrying figures run. He heard the skipper hail. "Lookout! Lookout, ahoy! Whar is that whale?" The lookout's thrilling voice boomed down again. "She blo-o-o-o-o-ws! 3he blo-o-o-o-ws! Three points o' the lee beam!" Again, with his heart racing in his chest, he saw the fluffy little cloud of lightly dissipated steam. The ship, herself, the lookout thought, seemed to have sensed her spouting prey and trembled with the cold thrill of the hunt. She heeled, and with her glittering forefoot, churned up a greater foam. The sea was blue and silver like a broadsword plunged in wine. The skipper hailed again. The gear-the axes and the wooden tubs-the soft and lissom lines in smooth black coils-the great steel-shanked har-poons-were stowed in practised order born of long experience. The men grudged minutes for their swiftly-bolted food. The ship, close hauled, worked. like ; heron rising for a kill. Swiftly she nearei the great hulk of the drowsing fish, tha intermittently sent up the tumbling spou which had betrayed him to the look-ou man. The three boats on their davit swung outboard. The look-out hailei again. The captain answered him, thei gave his orders to the mate. "Down helm, Shapcott! Brace up th mizen tops'l! Boats, lower away!" The boats, all manned, slipped down and since the rivalry to be the first ti strike was always keen, the crew set to i with a will. John Chase thrust down hi great strength on the bending oar, and as the boats' crews settled to the pull, tht long, lithe, whaleboats fairly skimmer, the hissing sea. Ho for the great fish, ho This was a work for emperors! Swifi water splashed inboard, and cracking muscles swelled and rippled in the fever-ish race. Sep, by his great stern-oar exhorted them, and kept a count whicf drove the leaping boat still faster as the others drew abreast. He sang a strange exhilarating chant. "Put-upi-one-two-three! Pull!up!-one-two-three; Spring, spring! Pull!-up!-one- two-three!" The great oars in the tholes rolled, knocked and rumbled in a swifter boat. One moment crested on a white wave-top, then, with a sweeping oar-plunge, in its trough, the oarsmen with their blowing hair, their vivid shining eyes, and rhythmic backs, drove the swift race. A mad, glad, helter-skelter race it was! Poised in the stern, Sep plied his oar, and when they rode upon the tops, bent forward and addressed them all with Im-precations, no doubt meaningless, but very strong. The beating music of the oars infected every man, and as thetr salt sweat mingled with the salty sea and stung their brightened eyes, they strove the harder, and Sep Shotter's boat slowly forged out ahead. Shapcott, the mate, was in the nearer boat. Crouch, cold and self-possessed, waited the word from Sep. It came. He shipped his dripping oar and, standing like a statue in the plunging bows, poised the cold barb to strike. And now the drowsy fish was straight ahead, serenely blowing with a rumbling, high spout. In a sharp clang, the steerman's voice rang out. "Now! Pull! Pull! Spring up! Har' pooner-strike! Again! Well done! Right in the life! And clean to the socket!" Almost upon the whale's smooth, gleam-ing hulk, the whaleboat drove, and Crouch, with fearful vigor, launched the ringing shaft which bounded like an arrow from a bow. It sank up to the hitch, followed at once by one from Shapcott's boat. The third stood off. "s. kJjTERN all! Stern all! Hell, we'll be under him! Back water hard !" There was a moment's quietness. Then, with a washing plunge and a great swirl which made the small boats plunge and rock and dance, the fish, stung by the tingling steel, plunged down-down- like a sombre meteor which sought the ocean floor. "He's sounded! He's down! Ha's sounded!" The line was thrown across the logger-head, which whined and smoked as the black rope spun whirring on the gleaming wood. The fathoms' lengths reeled out, and with eager eyes the boat's crew watched the swiftly emptying tub. Crouch, with his gaze upon the loggerhead, sav. the hot hemp shrill past and down, hi: axe upraised to strike. It seemed a: though the plunging Ash would neve; rise, and Shotter hailed the third boat. "Ahoy, there! Line almost out I Wi want your line! . . . Draw up to us! . . Stand by to cast us your line!" The tul was almost out. "Spring! Spring, say!" But with the hall his keen eyes saw the slackening of the rope's fierce spinning speed. The line slowed up, for in th< caverned fathoms of the fastness whicr he sought, the fish's tortured bursting lungs forced him to break the surface hall a mile away, and up he came again tc windward of the boats. Close in, thej dashed like savage terriers upon a mon-strous rat, and planted deep the whist-ling harpoons. Again he sounded in hii misery, trying to rid himself of that keen bitter steel which slowly drained him ol his blood and paralysed his heart. Again he rose. The fingers of the men who coiled the briny lines were flayed and raw The crews were pale and murderous!} Intense, for now the heaving sea was brown with bubbling, washing blood-a richly- churning broth. And when the fish flung up his anguished, roaring spout, torrents of bloody froth rained down and tumbled on the men within the boats, Three hours this ruthless war was waged -with flashing steel, and rope, and straining oar-with brain, and brawn, and heart. But when the dim sun fell towards the chill, grey west, the fish whirled up his fearful flukes and, in a panic frenzy, beat the tormented water's face with dreadful clamoring until the men were stupefied and drenched and blinded with that avalanche of sound spattering, foam-curdled blood. The air was thunderous and with a desperate energy the boats dashed out from the dread whirlpools underneath that thrash- ing, flurrying tail. For, with the first harpoon thrust cleanly through his spiracle, great knotted clots of blood rained on the sea. There was one last, intense convulsion, and he flrated, stillfin out, stone dead-a patriarchal bull. The coldly sweating men lay on their oars and raised their breath enough to cheer. A squall of stinging rain swept down and hid the whaler from their sight. Three times they saw her scudding hard before a rising gale; and then the chill and murky twilight blotted her black hull out. Wherefore, the three whaleboats crept up beneath the dead whale's lee and rode a wild night out, making a sea-anchor of the carcase of the fish. When the day broke, Shapcott first picked the whaler up, standing in close-perhaps a mile away. Head Arstt to make the slugging easier, they towed the capture home. They had two hours for sleep. A restless and exhausted sleep it was for most of them. Then they set to work, against the quiet threat of a falling glass, to flense and try the Ash. Hour after hour the ceaseless work went on. The spinning grindstones whirred. The ship herself heaved to the straining of the tackle gear. The mas-sive head was opened up, the costly bone cut out, and stacked in blood-streaked staves. With a great weighted bucket, called, in the parlance, a case bailer, the pale green oil was drawn out of the Ash's cavernous skull. So, stripped and ghastly -just a thing of tattered Aesh and ragged, shredded bone-the chains were slipped, and plunging head-Arst down, all that remained of the fat, lordly, blowing thing sank out of sight. It grated, clashing, on the furrowed, rubbled bottom of the sea. Meanwhile, fires had been lighted un-derneath the huge try-pots to boil the blubber down. For fuel they used old dried-out blubber waste, with water-pans beneath the crackling fires so that the decking would not scorch and burn. The reeking cauldrons boiled and churned and smoked. When the cold, gusty night swept down, what time the Pocahontas plunged upon her south-bound course, it was a strange, uncanny spectacle to see. The sweating men, who toiled upon the seeping deck, stripped to the buff, looked in the ruddy flamelight of the leaping fires like demons working out their servi-tude in hell. Hoarse orders, shouts and ringing laughter mingled with all the noises of the mincing knives, the crack-ling of the fires, the hissing of the bub-bling pots. And over the deep-voiced thrumming of the shrouds surged the great sluicing of the sea. When the pale, swilling oil was cool, they barrelled it, and with the sperm and bone, stowed it below. The cooper's work was done. The decks were holystoned and all the gear coiled down. Then, south, my masters! South to the quadrant of the ice! Arid so John Chase and all the goodly company with whom he sailed, hunting the blowing fish, went down upon their way. They climbed the ladder of north latitudes again-about and round-for three years, seven months, and fifteen days. Ho for the great fish! And for the kindly comforts of New Bedford town, with Sep's sweet little wife, and all the cheerful, unaffected friends who showed such pleasure when the ship came In. T A HE tinkling chan- delier reflected pleasantly deceptive lights. Upon the dark wood mantelpiece, a small clock in a cedar case struck eight. Upon its cheerful, candid face two names ap-peared: "Thos. Wright," and under that, "Dorking." Drawn round a softly-burn-ing fire of coal, which tossed clean, clear reflections on their polished boots, three men sat to their after-dinner cheer. De-canters, flushed in purple opulence, stood on the table top. Plump Dobenny had dined. So had his friends, Anscombe, the jaded-looking barrister, and Trench, who had a grazing property up Maitland way. "Yes, by Jove. A sudden way to go off and no mistake about that. Mind you, I've more than half expected it for the last two or three years, for if ever a man ran to seed, he did." Dobenny leaned back farther in his quietly creaking chair, and rinsed a mouthful of claret round his tongue. "A most entertaining man. In fact, Dobenny, he was quite an extraordinary little fellow." Anscombe, perhaps as emotional as one of his own volumes of Chitty or Blackstone, placed the tips of his fingers together and looked into the ever-changing grottoes of the small, red fire. "As a matter of fact, on and off, I had quite a lot to do with him; and really I found him a very unique type, and, what's more, singularly well informed." Trench, the ponderous man who came from the country, had not known himonly by name. Dobenny, quiet and smoothly capable, cracked a nut with a discreet little fracturing noise. The two men spoke in softly modulated tones. Pos- sibly, it was because they spoke of a mao ? who had been dead not much more than a week. "Unique? Hum-m, possibly. I found him-odd. That's the word. Although, mind you, I quite under-estimated him when we first met. He re-minded me of a-sort of impish boy. But underneath it all there was a streak of hard business about him. And-bless us -such a cocksure little body it was!" Both of them laughed, quietly and defer-entially. They seemed to have forgotten . Trench, who assumed an air of interest In the conversation of the other two, al-though he had not known the man of whom they spoke. "Yes, he was inclined to cocksureness. But quite scrupulously sound, you know. Honest-and all that, I mean," said Anscombe, lightly belching. Dyspepsia and flatulence were troubling him of late. He sipped some wine, then hiccuped jerk-ily, and said: "Oh-curse it, my dear fel-low-excuse me." The candles in the chandelier burned with a comfortable steadiness of light. And, Anscombe reflected to himself, pretty well-deuced well, egad-had Dobenny done for himself in the past few years. Here, on the wooded slopes which ran down to Pott's Point, no man could wish to build himself a better house. Its bricks would gently mellow as the years passed on, the sandstone facings take a softer hue of weathered grey. Trench placed two walnuts in his hands, and cracked them with a loud, resounding smash. This, by the holy, was comfort- able. He stretched his broad boots closer to the dancing fire. A softly swirling mist was working down and all about the town. It placed its light grey caress on the lawyer's window-panes and left the slates upon his gabled roof sequined in tiny, shining beads. It trailed the soundless draping of its gossamer, cold, robe about the quietly grieving tree in Rodman's Court, and swept, as though with dark hands pressed before its face, in urgent silent haste through the great barricade of the unfinished Argyle Cut. "You knew him pretty well, Dobenny?" asked Anscombe, lifting his gaze from the red glow of the Are, which flickered ruddily upon the walls. "I? Oh, yes, I suppose I could say pretty well. You know, he was a client of mine. A punctual, earnest little chap, and as astute as a parrot. In a way, he had a most irritating habit of pushing his ideas and opinions down another man's gullet. 'Pon my word, there were times when his confounded smugness was enough to make me want to pull his nose. But it was quite impossible to feel angry with him for long; an utter impossibility. A big funeral, Anscombe." Anscombe nodded. "He left a girl, didn't he?" "His daughter-yes. A splendid girl, and the very apple of his eye." "Yes, yes. I think I have met her. Ah -wasn't there-some-rather unfortunate affair she had with a fellow In the old gentleman's business? Jilted her and left her with a youngster, I believe." Trench was drowsing by the Are. His head was sagging slowly on his chest. Dobenny brushed a spot of wine from his paisley waistcoat. "Umph-yes. Although, to be frank" (At once Anscombe knew he was not about to be frank.) "the-details I never have heard. But it made things difficult for the girl. It always does. Women don't like that sort of thing overmuch, you know. They seem frightened that they'll be he'd accountable on the judgment day for all the errors of their sisters. Not that Peglar's girl seems to have been unduly worried on that score. For the past five years-In fact, since this youngster of hers came along, she's taken an enormous part in the working of the paper. All the same, I think it must have knocked the old man pretty hard." "The 'Courier,' of course, will go on the market?" Anscombe inquired. This was getting closer in than Dobenny wished. He leaned back and stretched his arm out towards the wine decanter. "What's that? Ouch!" (A twinge of sciatica ran him through the thigh.) "On the market? Oh, no immediate likelihood of that, I should imagine." Anscombe hurriedly took him up. "Ah, Dobenny, rather a careless ques-tion, I'm afraid. He made a great thing of his 'Courier' while he lived. I'd like to see it continue as it is. It has a destiny. I've thought, very often, that it isn't generally realised that in a young coun-try like this the newspaper will, in years to come, be a history book. Perhaps the best history book of all. Thank you, Dobenny, I will. It's a good full claret." TRENCH stirred to hear the plashing of the wine, and joined the other two. Their conversation swung away to other things-of fat stock and of the season's clip. At twelve o'clock, the three men yawned and, with a common movement, rose. A servant brought their hats and capes. They said good-night, cracked one or two quiet jokes (which were old, then, and still are currency), and Anscombe drove Trench back to town. Before he went upstairs to bed, Dobenny drank a glass of milk and ate a brittle rusk. Sitting before the quietly dying fire, he drew his boots off. His tired toes worked in comfortable luxury before the red heart of the coals. Under the sporific magic of the cheering warmth, the lawyer mused upon his client who had died-or ceased to live. There is a difference in the terms. Some men are cheated out of life. Protestingly, they leave its cheerful varl-colored paths of light. Others grow tired, and in a hopelessness of heart and soul, pass wil-lingly enough down to the silent corridors of the dim black lands which lie beyond the portal doors of sleep. But men call both things death. Perhaps they are. Ten days ago the lawyer's mind went back. He had sat opposite the little man, whose face, of late, was grey and pinched; whose hand was palsied like an old, old crone's. His tiring heart had spoken in his enervated voice. Ten days, And then the age-old question knocked at the lawyer's ruminating ear. Well, where was he now? There is no man who has not asked the very thing. Where now, indeed? His will lay In a drawer in O'Connell Street. A very concise document it was, reflected Dobenny, and no ambiguity about it. His practised memory recalled its every word: This ls the last Will and Testament of me Jacob Peglar of Sydney in the Colony of New South Wales Printer and Newspaper Proprietor I appoint my friend Solomon Link of Sussex Street Sydney aforesaid Merchant and my daughter Janet Peglar Executor and Executrix respectively of this my Will I Direct the payment of all my just debts funeral and testamentary ex-penses I Give Devise and Bequeath all my real and personal property of whatosever nature and wheresoever situate unto my beloved daughter the said Janet Peglar absolutely and for her own use and benefit free of all con-dition and encumbrance And in the humble earnest hope that in some small measure her material benefit from my estate will serve as a recompense for that which has passed and of which she knows And in the certain convic-tion that she who has been my comfort for so many years of my life will yet find joy both for herself and for my grandson John Peglar. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and subscribed my name And so forth. Duly executed and at-tested. Let the probate office pick any holes in that if they could. Dobenny knew the strange, unhappy little story, of course. Not that it touched his heart so much. Lawyers have very little heart to touch. Well, there it was, he thought. Peglar was dead. But if the daughter's first decision stood, she would sell out. It looked as though the 'Courier' would be on the market yet. Thinking all this, the lawyer put the candles out and went up-stairs to bed. He drew his woollen night-cap down and rolled luxuriously between the sheets. He grunted softly once or twice and dreamed strange dreams about Ca Res. The grey fog rolled the heavier upon the town, and round the leaden-gleaming coves. The lawyer's house was very quiet. But in the little house in Rodman's Court, there was a quietness of another kind: the quietness of lonely grief. The old tree wept in gentle, soughing breaths. Sheahan's dreams conjured up his mas-ter's form again. Once more he said to him, "Yes, sorr, Oi will-Oi mane, bedad." But the small man who stepped his silent way about the printing shop was only Jacob's ghost; with ghostly spectacles and ghostly words, which fell from ghostly lips. , In her own bed Janet slept, for all her splendid courage and her unquenched hope, forlorn. Beneath the window, in his small cot, slept her little John, chubby and pink, with redly-golden hair, his blue eyes veiled by slumbrous lids. As tremu-lous and transient as a sob, she heard again the echoes of the yellow keys which she had touched that night. In sleep she heard her own low voice again. The song itself was new. But only she could know how old was that heart hurt of hers; how fixed her fortitude and hope. Five years had worn poor Jacob out and sent him, halting, to his grave. They had not killed her love. No, nor her patience. Nor her certain faith that some day he would come again, or she would go to him. Since that one dreadful day when she had taxed the little man with his de-ceit, she had not mentioned it again. Nor after little John had come and blessed the house in shadowed Rodman's Court. When he was very young, how terribly her heart at times cried out: "Ah, John, my beloved! John! Where are you now? Can you not hear me call?" Her child was baptised in the warmly flowing tears which rained-yes, many a time-upon his fragrant, upturned face. How desperately the little printing man had wrought and toiled, month in and out, about his "Courier," knowing the misery of dwindling hope, until, in time, it fled forever from his breast. And then, oppressed and timerous, he had died. Or ceased to live. They said-the wise ones round the busy town-pneumonia took him off. It ls quite true that he caught a chill and shivered all that night. After five days of pleurisy had worked their way upon his lazy lungs, his pulse grew slower, and his troubled breathing quiet. They said he died upon the sixth day, but that, I think, was wrong. Jacob-the Jacob whom we knew-was really dead the day before. And notwithstanding what sen-tentious Dr. Kayling said, it was his bro-ken heart which sent the little printer's spirit winging out into the great arched cosmos of unutterable life. His paper sang a dirge for him in gleam-ing minion type. Its heart stopped beat-ing for a day, and then went on again. Janet rolled up her sleeves, and with the men about her, set to work once more. Crippled and bent, Sheahan-the stout old rascal that he was-limped back and forth, and fought his "rheumatiz" to see the paper carry on. And so it did-for four months more-until the poignant memories which crowded Rodman's Court, bore down her gallant, fighting little heart, and woe and loneliness oppressed her with their weight. Sheahan was growing very old. Behind his back, the workmen in the printing shop cursed him for an old nuisance. So he was. Well-could he not be that, and still, for all his twisted back, and fading sight, and fondness for the black potheen, be all nobility and jealous care for his "pretty wan an' the broight shpankln' young shaver?" She had the same small boy to think about. The paper now was not a part-time job. She had long con-ferences with Sol, her co- executor. And so it came to pass. The "Courier" changed hands again. But it brought more than Jacob paid for it. When she wrote, "Janet Peglar," op-posite the scarlet wafer on the bill of sale, the hand which held the pen trem-bled a little. She underlined her name the heavier on that account. Dobenny shook her by the hand, and Whicker saw her to the street, and in a hackney drove her home. A fortnight after that her furniture was taken out and down to Sus-sex Street to the new shop. Sheahan went down with it. She could not trust herself to see the gaunt and empty rooms which for so long had been her home, and seen so much of joy and sorrow in her life. She shook the workmen's hands and bravely smiled at them. She passed be-neath the shadow of the ancient tree. It whispered, "Hope." Then, for the last time, she walked beneath the lintel of the door-and out of Rodman's Court. The "Courier" and all it represented in her life was past. A thing beyond her reach. JANET had all her father's business acumen-and more, in-deed, else she could not have made the store in Sussex Street return her what it did. Sol Link, by now a man of very comfortable means, often came down to the chandlery, and, watching shrewdly, told her he wished that he had bought the place himself. At that they laughed, for Janet knew how good a friend she had in Link. She had, indeed, for he it was who taught her all the mysteries of the gear of ships; of rope and anchor flukes; sail cloth and binnacles and copper nails; lanterns and cleats and gudgeon pins; marling and seasoning and spun yarn; coir sinnet, wooden casks, harpoons; white lead and linseed oil, biscuit and bunting, arnica and pork. A vast array of strange and unfamiliar things for which the gnarled brown mates and bosuns hagglec when their ships came In. The shop had a great raftered store behind. Upstairs, she had her dwellingrooms. And at the back there was a jettj wharf. As years went on and watchec young John-her little John-grow out ol infancy and into young boyhood, th« barrows rolled upon the jetty planks al! day, and sometimes far into the night Above the front door was a good-sizec board on which one read: "J. Peglar & Co., Ships' Chandlery, Stores and Pro-visions." Sheahan and young John were the "Co." Although, to tell the truth, most of the youngster's time was spent in the great store behind. There, in that won-der cave of capstan pawls, great blocks which hung like wooden fruit about his head, sail cloth and coils of cordage, all odorous of tar, he dreamed about the glamor of the ships which sailed upon the seas; and of the men who took them out. He tore his trousers; and he grimed his hands. At other times he played at tally clerk upon the wharf, and made himself a per-fect pest, until old Sheahan lumbered down and took him back. Ten is a lusty, happy, and romantic age for any boy to be turned loose to play at ships, particu-larly if his mother own a chandler's store, and if he be a "Co." Sheahan himself maundered about, taking what he called stock. At other times he sat outside upon a cranky chair, enjoying the pleasant sun and telling in- terminable lies to all the youngsters of the street. They crowded round and lapped his harmless rubbish up as cats will milk. Out of old chunks of wood he whittled boats, and rigged them, too. But Janet had a word or two to say one day, when he made little John a small toy gibbet. Actually, it was a very spirited little job, complete with a pulley and a striking effigy of the miserable one who graced the rope. "Oh, mother, mother!" the small boy called, as he careered into the shop and down to the railed-off desk at the end of the counter. "Look here what I've got!" She saw it. Her lips-years had not robbed them of their cherry rednesstightened and twitched, just as old Jacob's would have done. She set the little engine up and jerked the rope. The small doll danced and spun. Altogether, it was a most realistic piece of work. So young John thought, at least. "Who made you this horrible thing, John?" Her voice was grim, for all the understanding laughter in her golden eyes. Young John began to think that something might be wrong. "Denny made lt. I want it, mother. It's a-a swinger in a tight necktie. I want it, mother." "You shall not have it. It's a horrible thing. Denny should know better than to give you such a disgusting toy. Denny! Denny! Come here!" Sheahan's chair scraped against the wall outside. He shuffled in with a hang- dog expression on his face. He closed his clasp-knife with a snap and put it up. "Aye, Miss Jhanet. "Tis uv th' oil yez wad be askin'?" "Oil? Oil? You know very well what I want you for. Did you make that?" "Ah-that?" He looked at it intently, as though it required the most precise identification. He in his turn twitched the cord and set the little figure dancing to and fro. "Oi did. 'Tis be way uv a jhoke fr th' young. ..." "A joke, Denny? Why, it's horrible! I'm really surprised at you, giving John such a-a thing. You should be thoroughly well ashamed of yourself." Denny had rather expected that his handicraft would be condemned, but, once commenced, the fascination of the thing had been quite irresistible. He sighed, then jerked the string again. But young John had a word to say. "What's that? Oh, I want him, mother. Can't I have ..." With a very ominous calm she answered him. "You shall not have it. Denny, take it away and destroy it, and don't let me see such a thing again." Sheahan picked it up. He looked at her and saw the laughter in her eyes. Both of them fully under-stood each other's thoughts. But later, when the little chap and she were quite alone upstairs, she spoke of it again. "Denny was careless. You see, dear, I want my little man to be a man. There are so many of the beautiful things in life to see and think about without look-ing for all the ugly things-the things which make men's minds crude and brutal -selfish and blind-" "But, mother, men are hanged. They did one on Tuesday-" he tried to answer her. ^(^ES, dear, I know, but would you like to be the hangman? Of course not. . . . Poor Denny has never had a chance. He cannot understand these things. . . . But I want you to be like your father, so that when he comes home he'll say: 'It is a little man.' " "But, he never comes home." No, that was true, but;-he had his work. Come home, some day he would. Of that he could be very, very sure. Or else he'd send for them. One thing or the other. This, mark you all, she quite implicitly believed. And as she worked and kept a tally of the stores, selling old stock and buying new, and, by the lamplight in the living-room above, keeping her books, she waited for the day when he would come or send for them. Her hopefulness illum-ined all her life. It burned as constant as an altar lamp within her heart. Yes, he would come, or send, and all the loneli-ness would vanish like the morning stars before the sweeping besom of the golden day. Yet time was rolling on with all Its dread remorselessness. Little John was ten and soon must go to school. Now it was difficult for her to find the time to teach him as she had before. The chand-lery had grown too busy in the last few years. The man whom she employed, a tall, red-headed fellow, worked hard enough, but two were needed here. With all his willingness, poor battered Sheahan could not count. Prom her own bedroom up above the shop she often watched the dark, stained whalers working in and round to Berry's Bay. She liked to watch them in the morning light-these ships which, when their Odysseys were done, came home again and basked a while beneath the canopy of wooded bay and verdant rip- pling cove. With their scarred, salt-en-crusted sides, and ravelled, rotten- hemp, they spoke to her of him who once had sailed upon a ship and had not yet come home; of him who, had she known it, yet sailed upon the heaving, rioting sea, hunt-ing the fish, north, south, east, and west. Prom these tired wanderers, which from her busy store in Sussex Street she helped to flt again before they cleared the Heads, and strode into the green distance of the eastern horizon, she heard the fluted Kinging of the winds which blew around the Pocahontas' yards and filled her bellying sails. And little John, with ten good years behind him. was growing up. Her heart throbbed when she thought of him, sturdy and strapping in his dark blue pantaloons and blunt-nosed shoes. His hair was hers. His eyes, clear, sparkling, and piercing blue, were his. When the child slept at night he stirred to feel her shadow fall across his face when site stooped low above his bed, and with a gentle touch caressed his head. The new days came upon the old days' heels. She worked with all her father's love of self-absorbing work, and with a girlish, swelling pride, saw "J. Peglar and Co., Ships' Chandlery, Stores and Pro-visions," grow to a bigger thing than she had ever dreamed. The merchants farther up in Sussex Street waggled their heads, crowned with ungainly chimney-pots, and thought that old Peglar's girl was a chip of the old block. But she kept closely to herself; very few could claim themselves her friends. Sol's Minnie went down with Sol and spent the Thursday evenings there. At other times Sol drove her out to . Woolloomooloo, where young John climbed Sol's trees and scared the birds with all a small boy's thoughtlessness and glee. Old Sol was "Uncle Link" to both of them. And as for Sol, why, I suppose all men are much the same, the memory of Jacob's little mischief, time had dulled. When he allowed himself to think about it all, he wondered if it had not been the best for both of them. Once- only once-had he claimed his privilege as her father's-and her own-close friend, and urged her i when little John was seven) to take some serious notice of Tulloch, the young ship-ping agent in Pitt Street. "Marry Clive Tulloch?" she had re-peated after him. pain brooding in her eyes and her lip trembling. "How-how can I marry anyone? I do not love Clive Tulloch. . . . Besides, Uncle Link, I am married, you know. Quite married-to John. . . . Oh, that would be quite im-possible. I would not ever think of it, for it would be a treachery. And-please don't ever speak of lt again-e'ver. Please!" Sol had started when she had said she was married to John. "Married, my dear girl? What the deuce do you mean-married?" "I feel, myself, that I am married. A prayer-book has the least part to do with lt, you know." She drew him to the window and both of them looked out and saw the small boy, flushed and brighteyed, playing with a barking terrier of Sol's. "You see? You forget my boyand-John, his father." Her eyes filled. Sol wished he had never brought the matter up at all. That was the last of it. It never was recalled. That, as I say, was when young John was seven years old. It would, I think, be just about the time that John, his father, home from his second voyage under Captain Slape, and now the whaler's mate, married Sep's sister, Joan. T J- HE same great wheel of circumstance and time which swung its huge cord up and round and down for Janet, little John, and Sheahan on the Darling Harbor waterfront, swept also over those whose way lay on the ceaseless seas. For yet the Pochahontas sailed about her business of the royal fish. The captain still was Jasper Slape- balder, perhaps, and thinner in face-but Slape, no less. Shapcott was dead these five years past. He had gone mad-and overboard. John Chase, the powerful, bearded man whose speech was soft and musical, whose eyes were blue, whose great thews strained against his jacket seams, was mate. And Shotter, older like all his shipmates, still had his black-sheened hair unflecked by grey. In the years past, their friend-ship, like a lusty virile tree, had grown, enobling their minds and strengthening their hands. Hodges-'Odgiss-the treblethroated Cockney carpenter, still sailed with them; all but his toes. Frostbite had laid its black, numb, rotting clutch upon them. Their loss made Hodges cry. But Crouch, the harpoon man, was dead. And what was left of him rolled here and there down in the purple-cur-tained grottoes of the Mozambique. His boast had failed at last. The singing shaft had missed, With savage eyes gleaming all red and wickedly, the .fish had lunged and charged. Rearing its head, its jaws clashed shut upon the boat, which broke and split and ran with Crouch's brave red blood. The others leaped with a frantic shout and in a flurrying of spray. At home, Sep's wife and family kept their hearth bright. In the small house of painted weatherboard the girl whose name was Joan waited the hoisting of the flag, the gunshot, and the scurrying foot-steps which told her that the Pocahontas had come in again. And soon this last interminable voyage would be at an end. She smelt the tang of iodine in the sour weed washed on the shingle of the beach. And when the pounding breakers shat-tered in their rush to land, she thrilled to know the ecstasy that winds which blew so hard must drive his ship the faster in their haste. In these ten years the man whose life, as you have heard, was only ten years old, sailed many roads upon the trackless seas and learned a-many things. Borne in the black hull of the living thing men call a ship, he went down through the crack-ling gateway of the icy southern wastes. There the blue- spangled air numbed the men's faces and their frost-split hands; and the harsh rigging squealed and stuck in frozen blocks whose pulley-wheels wrfere jammed in lifeless ice. And all about was ice; white, dully blue, insentient, and men-acing. The pale bergs drifted in their ghostly pilgrimage, riven In alabaster whiteness, cruel and deathly cold. Chill, torpid, chafing waters washed their feet. From their own icy hearts the silent men, whose beards were glinting on their cheeks, and stiff, quailed at the threat of this appalling solitude of livid sunlit night. Ice-white and terrible! It hung in demon arabesques from rigging, yards, and spars, and falling, clanged upon the frozen deck like glinting dagger-blades upon a tesselated floor. Down through the shivering, dazzling blink, Which sought to crush her in its wicked, frozen arms, the Pocahontas slowly pressed. They lit the trypots on the decks. But in this whiteflagged hell of crystal, deathly cold, no flame could burn with cheer. Swathed in their sealskin coats, mittened and muf-fled to the eyes, the miserable men drew around the wan glow of the blubber fires. The very smoke itself seemed petrified, and pressed down low, moving like some affrighted thing around the ship, as though it feared to lose the company of men. Down in the chill and fetid forecastlehead, with hatches battened close, the men sat silent and morose. They heard the fearful roaring when the great bergs calved-when a great mass of frozen minarets and gleaming battlements, mined by the restless under-sapping sea, tum-bled in one dread avalanche oí light and sound, and with its equilibrium disturbed the berg turned turtle like a wounded ship. When the floes closed behind them and before, they felt the timbers crack and start, and looked a dreadful exile in the face; an exile out of which death seemed the only gate. Then, with their gangrened hands, they slaved with saws and malls, urged by the captain, Slape, and the great mate whose hand was heavy on the sluggard and the coward. When Bligh, the craven man, flung down his axe and sobbed: "To heil! We're done ! Let's drink the grog and make an end of it!" the mate strode up to him. "Done? Pick up that axel" A Í1.XE be hanged! And you and the whole shipload! To the devil with all of you!" He screamed in that dementia which sometimes overtakes the strongest man, when his brain snaps, and all the blood runs racing from his heart. As the man swung the axe at him, John Chase leapt in and tore it from his grasp. He struck one blow upon the other's jaw, and, with the swiftness of a striking snake, bent his right arm behind his back and broke it with a snap. Bligh yelped out loudly like a dog. He sat a while upon the broken ice and softly cried. The rest of those who labored at their almost hopeless task, had scarcely raised their heads. But yet they brought her out. A rush-ing wind sprang from the devil-land of utmost ice' and, like a dark, wounded bird, the Pocahontas staggered out. The gloomy, washing seas called, "Stay, oh, stay!" The crew, who hacked the stiff, frost-crusted sheet-reefs from their rigid folds, cried, "Out! Away!" And with the icy gale behind, she fled-into a waxen sky which held a rushing moon-a moon which raced with breathless haste to-wards a mottled dawn. Through the pellucid waters, warm and murmurous, which lave the coral wonder of the Australian coast, he saw the dol-phin's silver mail flash in the splendid sun. The golden, flaming waters sang seduction to the ears of those who gazed into the limpid mystery of her bowerhouse. The wizard stars enthralled their eyes and lured them ever north through the swift Torres Strait. In one great sweep, beyond the Archipelago, whose breezes carry on their wings the evil languor of deep, moistly-smoking forest swamp-they searched and wrestled with the noble Ash. And through the Mozambique, speckled with flashing proas and portly men-ofwar, they sailed: out in a mighty curve about the gilded pearl-strewn Timor Sea; below the choppy Bight and up again past Twofold Bay; in a great surging line through the black, spouting gateway of the Horn-roaring-tumultuous - and dark with whistling spume, and beating up against a stamping wind around the grey and sullen Falklands-home. Quiet restfulness; green trees; his brown-haired little wife could hold him close for some four months or more. In her quiet jare, the man found all the peace his toil had earned for him. Down in MacLish's counting-house hé drew his pay, and, what was more, his share in the fat plunder which his ship had carried home. On this last voyage out it was noble indeed: six hundred barrels full of limpid sperm; of white oil, two thousand two hundred barrels; and eighteen hun-dred pounds of bone. The old Scot rubbed Ihis hands and chuckled to his hare screwed underdogs. Drawn up on slips, the Pocahontas ha ? the knife-edged barnacles scraped off he sodden hull. The singing, boisteroi ' Workmen in the dock laid her new sheath lng on. Her spindle masts were scrape fresh rigging rove. About her cluttere body small urchins prowled and squawkei swanning like monkeys from the web c swaying lines which led inboard. Th booming mallets rang a joyful song abou one ship, at least, which, having put t sea, came home again. And in New Bed ,' ford lanes the bursting trees and matin birds thrilled out a paean to the tende prodigality of lovely spring. John built a new white fence of picket round his cosy home. He tended flower and watched his plump and care-free wif gather up new-born chickens in her aproz fold. Unsought, old words stirred in hi manly heart. They found responses in hi Inmost soul: "Sleep after toyle, port after storm« seas, Ease after warre, death after life, doe! greatly please." The old perplexities of what had gone before had died away long since-unan- swered. Sep, perhaps, spoke the truth There was something in the life of everj man which, if he only could, he woulc forget. Was he-as Sep had said-one ol the lucky ones? Only a fool would strain to call to life that years-dead ghost, ix case it brought with it things which were better left unseen and unrecalled. Let all the clamoring voices whose syllables were mute now stay for ever dumb-close locked within the dungeon ear whose key was lost. But latterly another voice, one which he could not altogether disregard, spoke in his listening ear. He heard it whisper-ing upon his pillow tn the fresh spring nights; and when, with vivid sunlight on Ms back, and with the scent of gardens stealing in, he sat and had his breakfast In the clean-scrubbed kitchen of his house. He heard it when he walked abroad with her, and when she combed her dark brown hair before the dressing table glass. "We have a little money, John, and I cannot bear to think that in three months you will go off again. It is always worse for the ones who are left behind. I do not think that men can understand how terribly the time drags on-month after month. When we gofc married I didn't think I would mind it so much, but now I'm frightened. Dear John-don't-don't go out again. Why, you and Sep could easily go into trade here yourselves. You know that, dear." John-still John, for all the sprinkling of grey about his ears and his thick, curl-ing beard-smiled as he answered her. His tight blue jacket revealed in its creaseless fit the splendid chest and muscled back beneath. "My dear, of course it can't go on for good. No, I shouldn't want that myself. You know how passionately I love the life, but home I love best. You-and fowls, and birds, and trees. But-whether we've got enough to come ashore just yet ls quite another thing. Let's see." From then she knew that she had won her point. As, with a stub of pencil in his hand, he Jotted figures down sub-tracting-adding-and multiplying by fifty- two-her grey eyes shone. Her frag-rant breath blew lightly on his firm, tanned neck. The white, thick cups upon the dresser-hooks shone with a brighter light. The copper girdle hanging by the burnished little stove beamed with a higher gleam. He put the stump of pencil down. Then, with his hands about her supple waist, he sat her on the table-top, tilted her back, and kissed her on the mouth. "Well, ni see the old man about it;ind Sep." "Oh, Sep?" she said. "Why, Sep will do 'most anything you say, Sep will." And so lt came about. < When next the Pocahontas sailed, the bells rang lustily and women waved their fluttering shawls. Youngsters who saw their mothers cry, cried too, until their screwed-up eyes and noses called for check handkerchiefs. Come-Rachel-Hiram-Jonathan- and Maud - now dry your eyes, and blow -hard. A new mate tossed his dunnage on the old mate's berth, for John had come ashore to stay a while, perhaps twelve months. Until . . . -ZA. LIGHTLY whispered word went fluttering forth. It trembled, gull-like, on a mounting wind which smelt of leaping creeks and sassafras, and morn-ing dew. Then, in a vibrant and exultant haste it sped away. Through the fierce portals of Port Phillip Heads, strewn with the harvest of its racing Rip-beyond dark Otway, where the roaring winds gathered it up, and flung it echoing, with wilder impetus. So out. The Orkney fishermen heard its light whisper in his tempest-deafened ears, and raised his head to smell the sassafras and dew. But, heedless in its singing course, the thin and lightly whispered word spun in its dazzling speed. It rang, all hollowly, down in sour German ghetto vaults, reek-ing with cooking oil and sweat and fish. Old patriarchs and rabbis, young men, and dark-eyed virgins heard its thrilling sound. And in their nostrils lingered lovingly the scent of sassafras and dew. It fled past slowly-laboring ships at sea. And with the sharpness of a bullet's wind shrilled oUt its call. Across the undulat-ing prairie lands, down mighty rivers, pythonesque and slow, through parched and silent wastes sacred to desert dogs and vulture birds, thé whisper-shouting small voice winged and swooped. And wheresoe'er it raced upon its flight, it left the mystic odor of the sassafras and dew. It rang triumphant like a trumpet clang, in the dull ears of serfs whose backs were arched to take the hissing knout; and, like a summons froni the Great Lord Himself, thundered on doors of pestilential tenements in squalid slums. The hopeless ones who ate their bread in tears-the convict and the prince-the rascal and the mouthing saint-doctors, pickpockets, plumbers, shipwrights, and carpenters and drones-all heard the tingling of the puck-like call. Always, it left the echo of a word. Faint as the essence of an angel's hair, it cast the strange seductive smell of sassafras and dew. Bright dew. Thin, prinkling and aromatic sassafras. Cool Spanish ravines heard the bugle call; and Tyrolean peaks, invested in their cold and immemorial snow. Traitors and patriots, of myriad tongues, listened and turned their troubled heads to hear whence it had. come. From dark blue fiords, swept by showering stars, the swift voice spoke. It spoke again beneath the pyramids, and panted out its message to the drowsing temple bells which chimed it musically while cherry blossom fell, and lanterns glimmered in the limpid frailty of women's eyes. Seft-smelling sassafras and softer-smelling dew. The sleepers were awake at last! The skies grew dark, for the bright sun was quenched by sails. The sea roared louder, yet his voice was drowned in all the frenzied hammering of the shipwrights on the slips. And not a wild flower, grow-ing by the roads, but was not slaughtered, trodden underfoot, and lost beneath the thundering footbeats of the multitudes who swarmed towards the ports. The forests thinned-for masts! Indentures cancelled-torn and derided-flung into furnaces and sties! Wives left behind and companions taken up ! New children born at sea! And old ones tumbled overboard! Wines sold and rare collections broken up! Quick! Quick! And catch the feverish stage, or run, or walk, or grovel, or, for what anybody cared, fall down and die and be a stepping-stone to help the others reach the seething quays! Guineas -to win the race to Hobson's Bay! Guineas? Why, hundreds of the trash! And thousands, if it came to that! But, master, break the quivering ship's backsplit all her bursting sails and strain the very innards out of her-so that she get in time between Port Phillip Heads, and spew her maddened cargo out to roll and wallow in the golden trough! For sassa-fras-ha, ha!-and dew-ho, ho! The word the small yoice rippled in their ears was-gold. Gold! Gold! Into the shallow bay the vessels raced. Down came the canvas with a roar and run. The hawsers screamed and clattered, and the choking dust rose up in ochre clouds. Wherries and punts, lighters and overburdened rafts ferried the victims of the gadfly to the shore and left them there -fair play for all the sharps and rooksters of the swirling, burning town. And still the crowding ships dashed in! Schooners and sloops, squat brigs and laboring barques, whalers and knifeprowed clipper craft, a multitude of flaunting flags, a bedlam of raucous tongues ! And in that race of scudding, throb-bing ships, all flying in mad abandon to the great birth rite, was one who bore some people whom we know. For John, and John's plump little wife, and Sep, and Sep's wife, too, had flung their stake upon the board and ventured out. As their own craft surged towards the creaming vortex of the Rip, her people crowded to the rail to see her race, a splendid thing which, in the press of all the sails she bore, leaped and sped on-ward like a gallant horse. Her decks and ports were jammed with fresh-faced im-migrants, who cheered and whistled in a great storm of glee to see the Yankee ship give up and drop astern. The graceful, leaping thing of finely tapered spars and clean sheer lines, heeled to the kicking sou'-east wind, and with her closepressed cargo of humanity, swept through the troubled, jade-green water race, and In. John and Sep Shotter picked her name out as she passed-the Donald Mackay. Upon her crowded poop a young man stood, his cheeks pink-flushed, his blue eyes sparkling with all the glamor of the great new land to which his sturdy heart had sent him voyaging. His curly hair was dark, his shoulders broad. His eight-eenth birthday he had spent down in the leafy quiet of a Dorset lane. On his first essay out to Goldenland, shipwreck had rolled him, spluttering and cold, upon the rugged, beaten Irish coast. Where-fore, with all the courage of his eighteen years, he took another ship. And this, he thought, was surely worth it all. His name was Elliott. He landed with his bundle tucked beneath his arm. Be« wildered, and, in fact, quite stunned with all the drumming cannonade of 60und which surged about his ears and bore him onward to the seething town, he trudged up from the landing wharf, and rode to Melbourne from the port upon a dray. He slept that night in Captain Cole's great shed-rather forlorn, but stout and quite courageous about it all. And this was Melbourne-the Mecca of the restless, fevered world. Not far behind the Susannah-the ship which fell astern and followed in, hard on the heels of the Donald Mackay-one might have seen another kind of ship: an oily, clanking craft, whose high, thin funnel belched out grimy smoke; a craft which wallowed wickedly, and sickeningly rolled in the swift, chopping sea. She was the Sydney boat, and five days out with a tight-wedged load of sea- sickness and woe. The wan-faced men who pressed about her heaving side, watched envi-ously the snowy-canvassed Susannah as she overhauled their own contraption run by hissing steam and nauseating oil. But, with the Port Phillip Heads in sight, much of their gloom went overboard. Down in the close saloon, some smoked and made their wagers on the gold they meant to win. They tossed down tall glassfuls of brandy and hot water. The women in the small .box cabins corded baggage up. Mamas smacked tiresome children till they cried, and then they smacked them till they stopped. OLD Sheahan stag- gered as hie stooped. He was berthed aft. "Phwy," he asked of the unanswering ship's lantern over-head, "phwy wuz Oi, in th' whither uv me ould days, so mad to come upon an' 'unt loike this? Phwy-yez says-phwy y'r poor gossoon? For phwy, unless a madhcap, an' 'er brat, musht git a bug, an' want to folley thrade an' bushiness to th' Gouldenlan'. An', at sivinty-six 'tis a madhman's thrick, an' a madhman Shea- han so yez are. Och-mad! She's ouver!" Not a bit of it. She rooted, plunging In the jerking troughs, but ground her way up to the whirlpool of the Rip. Tin mugs and flying water-bottles rang and clattered on the deck, the children squalled and in a smothering of spray the old May Day came in and nosed her way up the river to the Queen's wharf. The tall, red-haired young woman, with the sombre golden eyes, held her son's hand and bade the men who hurried them ashore to have a care for the old man. yor an exorbitant price, a blue-nosed old scamp drove them through surging, shouting streets to one lodging-house after another in a fruitless quest for ac-commodation. Young John, crunching an apple on the driver's seat, thought it a wondrous sight. And so, indeed, it was. For Melbourne, In that year of grace, was one great crucible in which were fused all the dis-cordant multiples of creed and language on the earth. Bourke Street, a straight, broad thoroughfare, glittered and shone in tinsel and in jewels. And, like two rum-bling snakes, mottled, and never resting through the day and night, the fevered crowds on either side surged riotous and drunken on their way. Gold was their currency- in nuggets or in dust. Gold was their bedmate and their lodestar, too. Virtue and friendship were as strong as gold-no more. Rum sold for gold. Con-tracts were spider-web against the fierce gleam of this wicked prize. The bellowing taverns and hotels in Goldenland poured out their fierce nepen- thes and warm, foaming beers-for gold. Tired men, who ached for all the languor of a narrow, pallet bed-might have it, if their luck held good-for gold. Mutton and flour were in abundance here-for gold. The man who coveted his neighbor's ox-or ass-in Goldenland might have them all, and if he had enough-of gold. Raiment? Then gold. Transport upon a lurching cart? A foundered horse? A brindle cow gone dry?-then, brethren, take your pick-for gold! Quite true. The luckless or the idle had no gold. No gold in Goldenland? Absurd! Yet there were thousands there who had no gold. They starved, turned thieves, or, what was worse, became bushrangers in the forest depths, waylaying the stragglers who lagged behind in the fierce race for Ballarat. All this, ' the tall, red-headed woman thought, while their thin, blue-nosed charioteer drove them up churning Collins Street and round in that long search for lodgings for the three of them. They found two rooms at last;-in Russell Street. The rent was two pounds for the night. That noise and boisterous laughter from the crowd downstairs made sleep al-most impossible, was no ground for a reduction in the bill. But in the early golden dawn she slept. Sol's case had been quite hopeless from the start. "What's this you say, Janet?" he had gasped. "I have made up my mind to go down to Melbourne and open a store at Balla- rat." "At Ballarat! At Ballarat! Oh, Lord! But;-why, girl-are you quite mad?" Sol seriously wondered if she had lost her wits. "Half Sydney's gone over-I know that as well as you do. But d'ye think it's a place for a woman? I tell you, girl, it's rank, rotten madness. Listen. What about the store here? What about young John? Don't be so crass, my girl. The diggings are no place for women. AndI don't want to hurt your feelings-Janet -you know me well enough-but if you think you'll run up against that will-o'the-wisp of yours down there-then take my word for it-you won't-" Her quickened breathing and the pale flame in her tawny eyes warned him to haul his wind. -"Uncle Link, I'm not mad. A long time ago, my father, Jacob, listened to a voice. It said, then: 'Out, Jacob. Go out, my friend, be not afraid.' " Uncon-sciously, she mimicked her dead father's clipped accent. "Yes, that is what it said to him. And he went out. What madness was there, then, in that? No, you will not interrupt!" In momentary rage, the flame eyes flashed, and she stamped her foot. Sol started in his chair. In his small room upstairs they heard young John-her little John-whistle, in piercing shrill-ness, a wretched execution from "The Black-Eyed Susan." "Well, was my father mad? Perhaps he was. But he made that." Her heart chilled in a sudden pang. "At least, the most of it." That was the morning's "Courier." "Now, my voice has spoken, too. At night, for months-oh, Uncle Link, you could not guess how many, many months-I've heard it in my heart. Heard it say-you will not laugh at me please-'Janet, go out. Be a stout girl-J no fear of faltering.' Very well, I go__ I and my little John. Yes, Sheahan too. What of the store? Why, Drew will keep it going, and you will surely come up once or twice a week? I have it all worked out, you see. And now I know another thing. I will find him again. Not here. But what I feel I cannot help Soon-oh, why cannot men perceive these things? Why do you never understands -he will be in my arms. It may be only for a little time, but if it be the smallest part of a short hour I will put down his head into my arms." She seemed unconscious of the whitehaired man who stared-too moved to speak. Like wood which knocked on wood Sol heard his own voice calling from the years. "Ships are but ships, at best. And ships sometimes go out and don't come home again." The full tears rose up to her shining eyes Sol fired one last despairing shot "Why not hold on a bit, my girl-.» "Hold on? But then it might be too late No, Uncle Link, there are some feelings in the heart too deep to reason out. Now I know where to find the man they sent away. He wants me still. He may not know it, but he does. He always will-until he dies. And I want, him. Twelve years. How-how very long ... A long, long time." He sat and heard her plans out till dark i drew down. When she told Sheahan of her inten-tion to take him down to Melbournedown to Goldenland-he skipped quite in his style of years agone. When Sol ' stooped down and kissed her mittened hand, her cheek, and then her soft, red lips-bidding her Gold speed and a quick return-she wept a little. But when the snorting May Day drew out in the stream old Link it was who snivelled like a child. So Janet and her little John, and Denny Sheahan put out for Goldenland. When the bright, golden sun crept over Dandenong's broad mountain back, Gol- denland, heartless and radiant, roared into life again. Men and their families, fevered and unrefreshed, crept from their restless beds and humed out into the ceaseless turmoil of the raving streets. Long before dawn the hapless ones whose couch was newsprint in the tea-tree scrub, rubbed their red, rheumy eyes and with dry throats reeled to the streaming pubs, I and breakfasted on beer. T AHE great and close-, pent immigrant shed, just over Prince's Bridge, resounded with the strident hootings and the shouts of that great com-pany who spent the stifling night upon its verminous floor. Whipcracks, and shrill slow-turning wheels, curses, and all the horrible hys- teria of drunken brawls made Goldenland a fearful bedlam whose heedless inmates were insane-for gold! Gold! Gold In the dancing fountain and the sewer! Gold in the banks' outsweliing vaults, and in the wastrel's shoe. Here were lean, snake-faced men from Texas, California, and ? Mexico, bright scarves about their throats and huge hats shadowing their heads. Their skins were crinkled with a golden tinge. Their spurs, with rowels as big as half a crown, looked merciless and cruel. Fresh, brighteyed boys from Somerset and Kent shouted and jostled men whose homes lay in the cool, pine-scented valleys of Bavarian alps. Women, In madly-swinging crine lines, were pressed aside by Neapolitar whose eyes and lips were soft; whos hearts were three shades paler than the: hands. Irishmen, Greeks, Bulgarian: Canadians, and smooth Chinese, presset shouting and gesticulating, up the street: The roads were pounded by a hundre thousand hooves and crackling wheel: The mails were tipped out on the roac and every man looked for his own. Th whistling, winding, roaring nord swelled greater every hour. And tiree flushed clerks within the Treasury, n Queen Street toiled in a gritty perspira tion, weighing gojd brought in by th loud- clanking waggon with its guard o troops. For Goldenland was really quite pos sessed. Policemen threw their trun cheons in a ditch and raced away-foi gold. Servants climbed out of window: In the night and took the road-for gold V^HEN she had washec and dressed, Janet went out, and, askins here and there along the teeming streets came to a door in Queen Street on whicr she saw a board:'"Mr. Oscar Leeming Merchant, etc." Old Link had given her a letter to the man. At all events, there she found Mr. Oscar Leeming, "merchant, etc." He was a soft, bald, rotund man, with cunning little dark brown eyes. Milk from his morning por-ridge dribbled on his lips. His dressing gown bulged open at the chest-a chest, white, pulpy, lightly marked with grizzled hair. Of course-his dear ma-am-of course. Prom Solomon Link? Of course. And how-he put his dirty glasses on to read Sol's note-how now was Mr. Link? Quite well? Of course. Now, in what way could he be of service to a lady friend Of Link's? She required, she told him, enumerating the items on her finger-tips, a cart and horse-a covered cart, the " dray, two horses for the dray, camp gear, blankets, and tents and rope. Then, as to stock: flour and molasses, sugar and oil and tools. A. vast and very formid-able list it was, and caused the mer- chant's flabby, greedy heart to flutter in his sodden, avaricious chest. His small eyes roved about his cus-tomer. . . . Trim feet ... a good, firm, rather-ah-set face ... a shrewdie too, thought Mr. Oscar Leeming, "merchant, etc." It took them some two hours be-fore the last small items had been fixed. The price on which she had to strike, quite took her breath away. But, she reflected, this was Goldenland. Well, she would get it back. Old Jacob's blood ran very strongly in his daughter's veins. Yes, all would be ready and in firstclass order on Wednesday-first-class order. So, now, all that remained for her to do was to engage some likely man to drive the dray to Ballarat. Out in the streets again, she hurried back, shouldered and jostled by the streaming, harsh-voiced multitude, reeling and ges-turing upon its whirling dervish dance. In wonderment, she saw a digger's wed-ding party pass-the digger and his diggeress-sweet transitory helpmeet in the spending of his gold-sprawling in strid-ent drunkenness upon a carriage seat. The horses all were garlanded. The drunken footmen had cockades. A train of other carriages rolled their slow way behind. Janet walked home as swiftly as she could to what she always called her "family." The next three nights they slept in Canvas Town, a vast and or-derly-arranged encampment, pitched or Emerald Hill. Janet had hired two tents -for gold-in what they called Bung Lane. In Goldenland, bung stood foi beer. "What did you say your name was?' she asked the young man with the curly hair. "Elliott, ma'am." He was such a boy, she thought. His cheeks were pink. His eyes were blue and candid. Her woman's heart warmed to him as she watched him sitting there upon a candle box, his felt hat crumbled in his hand. Through the tent-fly, he saw the ceaseless, rumbling train of hur-rying men and groaning carts. The white dust-clouds were strangling to the throat. Dogs barked and children bawled. It was a babel pit, was Canvas Town. Young John was towing Sheahan round the camp, his keen eyes noting everything. All this was one Immeasurable Joy to him. "Elliott? That ls not a too-common name, I think. You are English?" "Yes, ma'am, English. Bridport, In Dorsetshire." His quiet tongue was un- locked at last. "I came in on the Donald Mackay last Saturday. During the voy- age I served the water out. At least, I helped. But that wasn't my first voy- age, ma'am. Oh, no. The first time, we went ashore in a gale off the Irish coast. Ha, ha! Have you ever heard a captain swear, when an old dame In a fright gets away with his trousers? Ha, ha! I beg your pardon? Oh, I swam for it, ma'am." With all his eighteen years and broad shoulders, he was a boy. She thought he might resent it if she rumpled up his hair and kissed his ruddy cheek. Drive? Yes, he could drive horses. Aye, and harness them as well. And, if he said he'd do a job, he'd do it. Although, when they had reached the diggings, perhaps she wouldn't mind if he went after the gold himself? Of course not. How could she mind? That was what he had come to Goldenland for, wasn't it? "But," she remarked to him, "somenot everyone finds gold. There are a dreadful number of men who have found only disappointment after all their trav-elling. What will you do li--well, If you have no luck?" He laughed at that. "Me? Oh, I'd look to the building trade. I can use a hammer and a saw, somewhat, ma'am." They struck hands on their bargain. Over their pannikins of tea, She told him what he was to do. Quite punctually, he kept his word. Late into Tuesday night they stowed and lashed the stores upon the dray: shovels and timber: picks and sharp-toothed mattocks; broad coils of yellow rope; a few mouth organs and ac- cordions; bagged flour and treacle in small kegs; sugar and jams and spice, and tinned beef and pickles; lard and castor oil. That was not half of lt. And then, in Wednesday morning's pallid dawn, they stowed their own gear on the covered cart, and, long before the rising sun rolled up, joined the huge ser-pent of other drays and carts which creaked and ground its ponderous course towards Ballarat. The Bridport boy and Sheahan travelled on the laden twohorsed dray, Janet and young John, on the covered cart. They safely passed the dreaded quag-mire near Royal Park, sticky and miry still, despite the heat, and, by the time the sun had risen high, they found them-selves beyond the town, and jolting on the mangled road into the scarce-awak-ened bush. On either side of the great stream of lurching carts, people on foot pressed vigorously on, as though it were a race for life or death. Some carried compact swags and bundles on their Others had none. Some walked because their carts were laden high, and could not carry any more. Yet again others trundled bouncing prams, pressed down with clattering pans, blankets, and rainstained carpet bags. As the slow miles crawled surely past, the rumbling pro-cession with its cacophony of loud and indistinguishable sounds wound its vast garish length, down into muddied gullies and up stony hills. All the unparal-leled confusion of that scene was a new wonder for the age-old eucalyptus giants between whose bristling ranks the scarred brown road had rolled its way. Legions of birds-magpies and kookaburras and small iridescent wrens-fluttered and made their wild conjectures on the be-witchment of the land. When the wind turned, and glowing afternoon died in the ashen glow of dusk, the swarming host strained hard to hear the billowed rumble of the cradles on the white clay flats. But they still pressed on, grudging the hours of darkness and the need for food. Pale, powdering dust rose slowly in the air. When the west sun's straight, vivid rays shone on Its slowly-swelling density, it glowed In colors limned in every rainbow tint. Madly and savagely they thrashed he groaning cattle at the fords. Great wheels and little wheels slipped and slid spongily into the brown, sucking mud. Loads were torn off, dumped on the muddy ground, and strong arms rendered stronger in this epic race heaved on the wheel-spokes till they staggered free. On with the loads again! Those jammed behind yelled with impatience to be on. Through the Black Forest's sombre eucalyptine depths. Beyond the splendid frowning fastnesses of Macedon. An hour snatched for a swift-devoured meal. Upon the first and second nights, the bright Ares smoked while lanterns lit the noisy camp. Mouth organs, yelping dogs, and whinnying horses rang a discordant slumber song for those who cheated sleep. u P! Limber up! Yoke in! Strike camp! Douse fires! Away! And on! And in its weird cantabile of haste the endless surge of lusting feet and wheels swept by. Young John was quite incoherent with joy. Most of the way he drove. His tongue was sore with chirruping to Pongo. His healthy cheeks were sunburnt and his auburn hair was stiff with dust. All he lamented was the whip. With this, at first, he had done splendid execution. As witness. First, he cut the mare under the flanks, whereat she leaped, flung up indignant heels, and almost smashed the bottom board to bits before the Dorset boy, who drove the dray, could hurry back and quieten her. That sobered master John, perhaps for half an hour. Then, to poor Janet's sharp disgust, he whooped and whirled the long thong thrice about his head, and cut his mother's bonnet-brim to shreds. "Now, John, re-member: it is the last time I shall warn you." But leave that confounded whip alone the boy could not. He took it in his restless head to crack it, but at the first essay, the stinging lash almost took out his eye. With that our Janet kept her word. She took the whip from him and boxed his ears, then made him walk a mile. Per-haps it was because she yearned for soli-tude. Small and unheeded unit as she was in that immense conglomeration of faces and of tongues, as the great march rolled on, she felt herself as though some slender force slowly detached her from its midst. Almost-she recognised this, too-as though with every mile she looked on all that vast environment of trees, of horses, and of panting hearts, as an intaglio of almost soundless things. But for that constant little voice within her breast which stammered ceaselessly"Turn back? Impossible. Press on. Be not afraid. Press on. Press on"-she would have wondered why she ever started out. She brought her secret self up from its hidden tomb, and placed it in the truthful light of day. Is it-let me be honest with myself-is it because it is inborn in me? Because I wished to trade in mutton, flour and lard at four hundred and fifty per cent? Per-haps it might be that. But-now, why should I lie indeed to her-my other self? Is it because-because I hope to findwell-what I have had in other days, and lost? In plain words, because he will be waiting at a road's end for me? And for his son? . . . Would it be that which urged my father's daughter out, to travel in a jolting, covered cart in Goldenland? As for him-it was he you meant, I sup-pose?-as for him waiting-that might not be the truth . . . But, yes-this is the fact ... He is in Goldenland . . . And hereabouts. So-I shall see him-and before the month is dead. . . And hold him.. . Surely. . . That is a certain thing. . . . Then it is love you expect to find? . . . Love? . . . What is that? Does love lie sleeping and alive for twelve grey years? ... It might be so . . . But yet again-love, in a woman's heart ls cherished less than memory, you know. ... Listen. The monarch of three wash-ing seas, and of an orange-scented island had a gem of splendid worth. Of that-? who doubts it?-he was fond-fond with a savage pride of ownership. Was it not -his? Lost he lamented it, for it was his. He searched, at endless cost, three washing seas, and sieved the orangescented island's yellow soil. A crippled man who fished for lobsters in the bay, brought up the gem and took it to the king, who wept to hold it and to see its face again. Its clear, green lucent light had not been stained. He bound it closely in his girdle, and beneath his heart . . , Would that be love? ... I cannot know. If it be so-then love has urged me out. ... So you expect to find him here-or hereabouts? . . . Expect? I know. . . Oh, quite assuredly." The fading sun of Goldenland crept lower still. The third night's camp was pitched. The hobbled horses wandered through the blue tree-gloom. Ranged in a circle were the drays and carts. The shafts of some were canted to the evening sky. Others were resting on the bark-strewn ground. The sun was partly blinded by the mountain ridge. Impressive in their excellence, the great gums watched -their hugs limbs knotted like the muscles of a giant. A jackass shouted, and another took him up. Others replied. They laughed. The cold creek sang. The dipping buckets clashed. Behind the camp, an axe rang hi its measured strokes. The gliding sun was almost blinded by the mountain ridge. The smoke of forty crackling fires curled low, then rose like purple incense to the sightless trees. The high flames leapt and wrestled in contorted turns. * Boys shouted out and laughed. A game of fly-the-garter drew a crowd. The pleasant steam of soup and stew swept by. Lanterns glimmered through the canvas tents. Someone, beyond the farthest fire, played an accor- dion. A knot of burly listeners clapped broad palms as they - sang. And the bright clearing, ringed in by the trees, rang with the clash and clattering of pots and plates, and all the comfortable sounds which go to make the evening camp. Janet was in her tent, unrolling blankets for the night. Sheahan sat on a bag of chaff, hard by their fire, stirring the steaming pot. The boy who came from Bridport, out of Dorsetshire, scoured his face upon a hard jack-towel. The camp fires took a ruddier gleam. The axe blows ceased. There was a momentary silence-one loud resounding crack, a running fusillade of sharp reports, each louder than the last, and then the rush-ing of the falling tree, the rattling echo of its thundering fall, and the light trembling of the startled earth. She heard the shouts of many men. They cried for lights. Swift footsteps padded past. The boy from Dorsetshire joined the little crowd, which swayed around the middle of the fallen tree. She came outside and looked to see what might have happened there. And then, as though to answer her, a hundred rapid voices spoke; "A man's been killed I" JLOUNG John was pressing through the close-drawn group. He thrust his head between a tall man's legs. But then he could not see. . . . "A man's been killed." ... "A man ... he tripped an' the tree fell on 'im." . . . "Is he dead?" . . . "Yes, 'is back's been busted." . . . "What's his name?" . . . "Yes, what's his name?" . . . "What's his name?" . . . "They say, John Chase." . . . "John Chase." . . . Sheahan came limping up. She won-dered why his puckered little face was pale. With a trembling hand, he tried to urge her away from the small procession of men who walked on either side of a burden which quietly groaned. A woman-? a plump little woman-ran past. Her face was dreadful in the raw glare of the fires. A man followed her. Surprised at Sheahan's gesture Janet turned and looked at him. "Phwy-phwy-Miss Jhanet. Now, don't yez be upsit. 'Tis not a pretty thing for thim oyes o' yourn. 'Tis a man 'ave bin-ah-knocked be a three." "A man? Oh, how terrible, poor fellow. There might bet something I can do. Is that his wife?" She moved toward the tent to which the groaning burden had been borne. Sheahan's clutch tightened desperately on her arm. People streamed by. Young John, her little John, crept quietly to her side. "A man's been killed. His back's been broken by a tree." "Why-Denny-whatever is the matter? You're hurting my arm. Let me go! Oh! -a-a- a-ah!" "Phwat man, mavourneen? Phwy'tis a-littlish koind uv man wid-ahwid a bhroken nose, an' wan oye-an' about so 'oigh as this." Appalled, the wretched Sheahan bungled out his lie. "About so 'oigh as this." He measured with his hand, a height which would have brought the man somewhere about hisDenny's-waist. She knew. She knew! "Blood on his head and sorrow in his soul!" She knew and with the swiftness of a frightened bird, flung Sheahan". ! gripping hand-clutch off and ran. ' He lay upon a bed of blankets on the ground. His wife, quite stunned, knelt by his side, and stained his splendid head with tears. His eyes were closed. His harsh breath grated in his breast. A man whose hair shone with a purple sheen unlaced his heavy boots. She stood alone-unnoticed-by the tall man's feet, il ... A beard . .. His blue eyes clouded ... n And his hand-his "poor, maimed, bat-tered hand"-lying loosely on his chest ... His breath came louder. His flicker-ing eyes rolled up. He looked at her, perhaps while you or I could count to five. "We will not have it through the press in time," he said, and left them all. She stood, immovable, quite statuesque. Far off, the woman with the golden eyes heard a great rushing sound. About her redly-gleaming hair it rolled and billowed up, filling the little tent of calico with a dread resonance of beating noise. it shouted out into the vasty silence of the bush, and made the white stars, steely in their radiance, tremble and twinkle in their sky. Then,- in a gushing flood of paralysing force, tile wave burst through its bending bonds and broke. It might have been a woman's sobs she heard. Without one sound, she stooped and, with a numbing hand, stroked his dark, clustered hair. His wife looked up. The man whose head was darkly blue, and ringed round With a livid, rolling scar, looked down. The Adam's apple in his brown throat throbbed. The noises of the camp were muted down. Young John peeped, with a strange, shocked feeling at his careless heart, through the tent-fly. Smally insects spun a silent, giddy dance ¡ around the lamp. The dead man's bearded jaw was sagging down. A mopoke hooted in a tree. The red moon quietly climbed into the sky. The brown-haired woman wept. She called his name. The other, still stared down. Both of them raised their heads and looked into each other's eyes-the tawny and the brown. "You-you knew him, then-once?" Unconsciously, Joan's fingers toyed with the small, golden band on her left hand. Slowly, then, Janet moved her head. She nodded-twice. "Once . . . years ago ... I knew him . . . yes. A*-little-yes . . ." Round Benelong, six hundred heartless j miles away, the old tide travelled down to sea. At dawn-before the sun was up I -they buried him beneath a wattle tree. It showered purer gold upon his fresh- J I turned grave than he had ever hoped to j 1 find. Listen: it is the truth. Just as I te» you here. I had the story from rn^H grandfather. As an immigrant boy heB| journeyed out to Goldenland. His ship J was the Donald Mackay. He, now, Js-3'l dead-with John, and Janet and the rest 1 of them. They made of his old ship a I coal hulk in Madeira. She, too, is dead. The sea took pity on her broken heart and drew her down in fire-a Viking's death. What I have told you here is true. He whom I had the story from knew Janet in her life. There is no more, indeed, to tell, save that their Goldenland is ours-and golden still. Golden in all great golden things \ -in courage, fortitude, achievement, and ?{ success. It is her destiny. Of that, be ' sure-sure as that this day's night will bring the morrow's sun. THE END. (All characters In this novel are fictitious, and have no reference to any living person.) I 