MOVEMENT OF POPULATION North Europeans For Australia? ("The Age" World. Service.) LONDON. June 23. Australian Associated Press learns that the report of the Overseas Settlement Board spe cifically suggests that the Do minions (meaning Australia, which the report recognises as the only Dominion so far re opening immigration) should a.. - sorb northern Europeans and Scandinavians. The report does not reveal any epoch- making schemes. It does not envisage an immediate expansion to Australia to the extent of materially altering the population position within a decade. It emphasises that it would be a mistake to arouse false and exaggerated hopes for tho large-scale transplanting of popula tions. However, the Government attaches great importance to the document, and Is preparing for elaborate, world-wide publication, in the light of the territorial ambitions of the "liave-not" nations. Interest in England. A special article, foreshadowing tlie re port, appears in the "Yorkshire Observer" and allied publications with which Lord Barnby Is associated. The article says the Interest now existing Is reflected in the motion supported by over 270 mem bers of the House of Commons that "the time has arrived for tho early resump tion of the movement of population within tlie Empire, and urging the BrltLsh Government to invite the Domi nions to undertake early preparations for approved schemes." The article says that with little pos sibility of migration to Canada, New Zealand and South Africa, the problem bolls down to the supply of Britons to Australia, which is falling to keep pace with population needs. The national in surance scheme is a good start to en courage migration, and may have a widely extended appeal to skilled workers, who are essential stock for the Dominions. It is emphasised that Australia is ob viously underpopulated, but the German suggestion that tlie Commonwealth's capacity Ls 200.000.000 before tlie end of the century ls fantastic. The Decisive Factor. Stressing the importance of the report of the Overseas Scttlemen Board, the 'Times" says: — "The conclusions reached -.re bound to carry great weight. Even In the palmy days of migration the ma- pority of the settlers went out to Aus tralia nt their own risk. Large-scale migration will become again possible only when expanding development in the Dominions provides openings of which enterprising people will be eager to take advantage." . 1 Referring to Mr. Curtln's opposition on the ground that expenditure on Im migration Is not justifiable unless the Commonwealth adequately contribute to the unemployment and relief expenditure oi the States, the "Times" says:— "Simi lar difficulties exist In other Domlnloons. The decisive factor of any scheme of organised migration must be the attitude of the Governments and peoples _of the Dominions." Danish Farmers for Australia. -ft LONDON, June 23. Tlie "Dally Telegraph's" correspondent at Copenhagen reports - that Sir Earle Page, In a statement " to Danish news papers, remarked: — "I heard about a Danish migration to Venezuela, but 1 cannot understand why Danish farmers do not go to Australia, where conditions are much better. We are eager to wel come Danish farmers. My talk to the Danish Emigration department convinced me that an Australian-Danish agreement will be reached." 