Sampans in the North. PEARLING POACHERS. JAPANESE . ACTIVITIES. (From Our Special, Representative). CANBERRA," Jan. 8.— During-,;, the past few months- the Government has tightened up the regulations dealing with- pearling in North Australian waters, where the operations of Jap anese sampans have been showing in- creasing activity. Despite the arrest of several Japanese vessels, which were found encroaching upon prohibited areas and taken to Darwin by the patrol vessel Larrakla, recent . reports state that the Japanese have continued to operate in the vicinity of the Arn- hem Land aboriginal reserve. '. Further north, outside the three- milo territorial limit, many Japanese vessels are engaged — over 100 of them, with "mother ships;— and they are . credited, with having discovered a valuable new pe'arllng-ground. Within the last week or two complaints have reached the Federal Government that. \ the Japanese are how encroaching on the waters of North-west Australia. : Proposed Bush Telegraphs Not. only, have Australian pearlers, with their fleet base in Darwin, . found their living slipping away from them, but for other reasons as well" the Gov ernment takes a serious view of the presence of so many Japanese vessels in the North. In addition to extended patrol operations, It is proposed to utilise the aboriginals In the establish ment, of a "bush telegraph" service, In order that the' authorities 'may be kept informed of the movements of foreign vessels. To this end, - the cooperation of the mission stations is being sought, and the Defence Department has worked out a secret code for the use of the missionaries who are provided with wireless. Thus, any reports passed on by the aboriginals, whether, by. means of smoke signals or otherwise, will quickly be transmitted to the Administrator of the Northern Terri tory. A Valuable Industry. . . According to the last annual . report of the Northern Territory Adminis tration; there are 27 licensed vessels, owned by seven pearling concerns en- : gaged in the industry. The production- of shell during the season dealt with In the report amounted to 743 tons, the gross value being about £71,000. - The overseas, demand for Territory shell was steady during the year. Apart from sales to the United Kingdom, a large percentage of the output was sold in the United States. v. Experienced Divers Scarce.-. The season's output was mainly de rived from a bed of mother-of- pearl shell some fifty miles north-west - of Bathurst Island. This bed Is also being worked by a Japanese pearling fleet numbering between 60 and 70 vessels. "These vessels," says the re port, "are each of about 30 tons gross, 'and are serviced regularly, by a large mother-ship. The opposition to local pearlers is formidable. The services of experienced Japanese divers for local vessels are hard to obtain in con sequence of such opposition. The number of indentured members of pearling crews totalled 238 men, show ing an increase of 37. Japanese labor increased by 21 men, Malay labor by 56 men, whilst Koepang labor and that of other nationalities decreased by 40 men." \- Reported New Grounds. Some time ago— after the above re port" was written — some new pearlshell beds were found between Darwin and Arnhem Land, and the location was kept a secret. It Is believed that some of the Japanese vessels violating the regulations have come in to watch , the- movements of the Darwin fleet In order to discover the whereabouts of the new grounds.. "The Only Excuse." Numerous questions relating to the "menace of the sampans" have been asked in! the House of Representatives ,by Mr, Blaln, the member for the 'Northern -Territory, and Mr. Riordan, the member for Kennedy, both of whom have urged the necessity for a more vigilant patrol. A new vessel Is now under construction for this pur pose — a. much faster one than the Larrakla— and with the assistance of aeroplanes and the "bush telegraph" service the Government believes that the position will improve. Some months ago the trouble was brought under the notice of the Con- sul-General for Japan, and he con veyed the representations to his Gov ernment, including the alleged : inter ference with the aboriginal women of Arnhem Land by men from Japanese vessels. The Government has made it clear that the necessity for: sheltering from storms or replenishing water supplies furnishes the only legitimate excuse for the presence of a. foreign vessel In northern territorial waters. Nevertheless, Japanese vessels persist in- Invading these waters. Views of Professor Charterls. The subject of "Sampans and Terri torial Waters" was discussed by. .Pro fessor A. H. Charterls, of Sydney, in the last issue' of the 'Austral-Asiatic Bulletin,', which is published in .Mel bourne by the Australian. Institute of International Affairs. To appreciate the complaint of Aus tralian pearlers against the so-called "poaching" sampans, he said, it was necessary to distinguish between fish ing for pearl and trochus and fishing for.beche do mer. The latter fruit of the sea is found only on reefs within the normal three-mile limit. The for mer are never found within territorial waters; but the pearlers can only keep to the sea for short periods, and re- qulro constantly to return to territorial waters for shelter. While it Is true, therefore, that the Japanese sampans are on the high seas and beyond reach of Australian law while actually en gaged in pearling, they can only en- gageln pearling in the neighborhood of North Australia by resort to some base much nearer the pearllng- grounds than their own home- ports. There 'is reason to be lieve that many of them use a base in the Dutch East Indies, and it is notorious that they make unauthor ised entry into Australian . territorial waters, and even Into Australian terri tory in disregard of the requirements of the Immigration, the Health and the Customs Acts, the latter of which prohibits, under a penalty of £100, a ship "to enter any place other than a port unless from stress of weather or other reasonable cause." (s.59). Under s.4 "port" means "any proclaimed port." > Except Darwin, there is none between Cooktown and Broome. Australian Pearler's Grievance. A special grievance of the -Australian pearler is /that his Japanese com petitor is pearling with impunity in extensive areas extending well into the high seas off the coast of Queensland, In -which,; by virtue of the pre-Federa- tion Pearling Act passed by the Federal Council of Australasia and continued in force by-s.7 of the. Constitution Act, pearling < without licence is forbidden "to: British ships , and boats attached to British ships." The. prescribed area, extends on the west from' New Guinea some "90 miles off the land down to Cooktown, and- on the east at the same distance from, the land:Well down into the Gulf of Carpentaria. Limitation of Regulations. It Is only within the last three years that the Japanese, by means of motor- sampans with attendant pearlers, have undertaken for themselves the whole operation for fishing for pearl. Pre viously . they had worked as divers for British pearlers or companies, who, under the Pearling Ordinance 1930 ap plicable to North Australia and its ter ritorial waters, were alone entitled to obtain the' requisite- "ship licence," al though aliens might -obtain licence either -as "diver" or "diver's tender" at a cost In either case of 10/ per man per annum, The British pearler also required a permit to Import Asiatic labor under three years' indenture with the obligation of repatriating the Asiatic employee at the end of the term. These regulations sufficed to create a monopoly for British ships of -pearling within territorial waters In North Australia; and they would still suffice to obtain; a conviction against a Japanese pearler If caught in the act of pearling within those limits. But outside those limits the regulations cannot affect foreigners. Scottish Case Recalled. The anomaly created by Queensland sea-areas, closed to Australian and open to Japanese pearlers, closely re sembles the situation prevailing in the Moray Firth In Scotland, which gave rise in 1906 to the well-known case of Mortensen v. Peters. At the Instance of the local line fishermen, who com plained of the depredations of trawlers, the Scottish Fishery Board, by valid by-law, Issued under the-- Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act 1889, closed the entire vast area of 2000 square miles to fishing "by beam or otter trawl." To escape the prohibition which ap plied to British ships, certain of the trawl-owners obtained registration under the Norwegian flag and sent their ships into the Firth. In 1906 the Crown succeeded In enforcing the by-law against a foreigner by securing a conviction against Mortensen, the Danish master of a Norwegian trawler, for fishing in the prohibited manner at a point more than three miles from land in the Firth. Although the con viction/ was sustained on appeal, the Crown had a short-lived success, for on the intervention of the Norwegian Minister In London, the Executive for reasons of policy decided not to en force the statutory penalty. That the "poaching" -sampans will receive support from the Japanese Government in complications . arising from unauthorised entry;lnto Austra lian territorial waters Is Improbable, says Professor Charterls, since Japan herself is a staunch upholder of the three-mile limit. Any claim to waters beyond that limit would amount to annexation of the high seas, and could only be made effective by international agreement. > -The first conference of the Christian Endeavor .World Organisation . . ever > held in Australia will, itake place in Melbourne from August 2 to 8. It Is > expected that about 5000 delegates representing from 40 to 50 countries will > be present. The conference will coincide with the 50th anniversary of the > formation oLthe movement In Aus- . ' ...... . ... . . tralla. At a meeting of the Australian, national convention committee In Mel- bourne, . plans- for . the conference were discussed. The Exhibition ' Building will be the headquarters of the con ference, and public addresses will be delivered on communism, fascism, and other political trends as they affect the organisation's work. Among .he g speakers will be the world presides (Dn Daniel Follr>e) and the well-knotn missionary, and author, Dr. Stanle Jones. A missionary exhibition an a biblical exhibition will be held -1) conjunction with the conference. J is expected that these will be so com prehenslve that 40 trained guides wil be required to explain them to visitor) ' (? 