LOCAL AND GENERAL July Rainfalls.— The rainfall statis tics at the Geraldton Post-office dis- j close that the total rainfall in Gerald- ' ton for July of this year is the best i recorded since 1934. This year 357 i point? fell during the month, whilst previous July registrations are : — 1937 ! (70). 1930 (290), 1935 (321) and 1934 | (396). Geraldton Cycle Club. — To-morrow morning the Geraldton Cycle Club will conduct a road race over a distance of eighteen miles. This is the longest race of the season and will be run in two laps along the Greenough Road, starting at Elizabeth Street at 10.30 a.m. The handicaps are. as follows : — Humes (scratch), Ramshaw (3 inins.). Smith (3 min. 20 sees.), Bellantoni (3 min. 50 sees.), Dupleix (4 min. 15 sees.), Carpenter (4 min. 45 sees.). Cato and Mildwater (5 min. 30 sees.), Blake (6 min. 20 sees.). Street Lighting on Train Nights. — Cr. Nancarrow, at the meeting of the Municipal Council last Wednesday night, asked whether arrangements could not be made for the street lights to be left on until .the arrival of the late trains. The town presented a very dark appearance on occasions. The manager of the electricity works (Mr. Currie), who was present, said the lights were only out for a short time and could be switched on whenever re quired. He did; not mind if the lights were on all night, as the general fund paid for the street lights. Mr. Currie was requested to consider the matter with a view of making arrangements for the lights to be turned on for the convenience oi mose arriving u- me late trains. Not to be Deported. — The seventeen year-old curly-headed Danish youth, who, in the Children's Court at Gerald ton last week, admitted having desert ed from the vessel Tecoma at Fre mantle, and was subsequently handed over to the Customs authorities to be charged with being a prohibited im migrant, is to be allowed to remain in Australia. When he re-appeared in the Children's Court yesterday morning and was charged with being a pro hibited immigrant, the sub-collector of Customs in Geraldton (Mr. H. Liggett) intimated that he had been instructed by the Minister for the Department of the Interior to withdraw the charge against the defendant. The resident magistrate (Mr. K. J. Dougall), who occupied the Bench, thereupon struck cut the charge, and the Danish lad, instead of being deported as he feared, will commence earning his living on one of the Geraldton fishing boats. To-morrow's Football Match. — Instead of the usual premiership fix tures of the Geraldton National Foot ball Association, which have been sus pended to- morrow on account of the visit of an association team to Three Springs, a match will be played at the recreation ground between a combined team representing the Nabawa Foot ball Club and a second eighteen from Geraldton. The local combination will be chosen mainly from the Railways Club, the balance being made up of players from the Fire Brigade and Rovers, the following players having been selected :— A. Williams (captain), B. Prunster (vice-captain), W. Bunney, W. Sullivan, D. Donald, D. Cairn, R. Monaghan, K. Styants, F. Lambert, L. Jameson, K. Farrell, W. Westlake, A. Monaghan, R. Houston, C. Foley, E. Symonds, J. O'Ronrke. A. Carpenter, C. O'Halloran, E. G.oodrick, A. O'Mal ley and G. Rowe. Children's Gathering at Nanson.— The hall at Nanson was the scene of an enjoyable gathering last Saturday night, when the children of Nabawa, Yetna and Nanson held a fancy dress j ball in aid of the funds of the Nanson ] Parents and Citizens' Association. As this was the first children's ball held for over five years, the function created unusual interest, particularly as many of the children were attending such a gathering for the first time. The most spectacular event of the evening was the grand march, which was repeated later in the evening by special request from some of the adults. After the inarch the children were entertained to a plentiful supper provided by a committee of ladies, some sixty child ren sitting down. A novel feature of the evening was provided by two spot waltzes, which were won by Miss May Cooper and Master Neil Sivewright and by Miss Flora McGuiness and Master Colin Bunter. The costumes weie in. :i ueugiiiiui'.* lunrvi -iuu artistic character, amongst those noticed being bespangled fairies, a quaint little Dutch Girl with her partner, a little bride in white satin, several Follies, Father Christinas, a golliwog, Red Indians, and cowboys, j Don Bradman was there with two of his team, whilst Uncle Sam. and Dave, of 'Dad and Dave' fame, also put in an appearance. Great credit is dii° to I he teachers, who had efficiently train ed the children for the march, and to the committee of ladies for the supper arrangements. It is hoped, writes our rorresj-ondent, 'Doras,' that, not such long time will be allowed to elapse \ before another similar fupctionasjield^ Prospecting Area Granted.— In the j Warden's Court at Geraldton yesterday I morning before the warden (Mr. K. J. Dougall), an application was made by Mr. H. J. Foster on behalf of Eradu Coal Limited, for a prospecting area to prospect for coal. The area applied for was 2,992 acres and the warden granted the application. Weather Prospects. — The forecast issued by the Weather Bureau this morning reads as follows : — Fine gener ally, except for some further showers in the far south-west and along the south coast: cool south- westerly winds along the southern seaboard, south-east to east winds elsewhere, with milder temperatures in the sub-tropics; ft cool j night inland, with a few frosts and I fogs. Street Lighting Improvements. — At the meeting of the Municipal Council last Wednesday night, at which the Mayor (Mr. R. Carson) presided, the question of the improvement of the street lighting in Maitland Street was discussed with the manager of tlie elec tricity works (Mr. J. Currie). An additional light had been asked for, but the manager suggested that! a better result would be obtained if two extra lights were provided, enabling the lights to be spaced closer together. It was decided to accept the manager's recommendation and to instal two addi tional lights. Coal Supplies for Works. — The Muni copal Council at its meeting on Wed nesday night discussed the question of cimnlinc t\f --*-vil fnv t-ha -rne tivirts nnii »3UIJI»1H-^ UJ. \\.Utll 1.XJL 11H3 j=*f.lO *1 VJ1 I\O €LUU other purposes. The town clerk re ported the results of negotiations he had had with the suppliers, and stated that though there was sufficient coal to last until October, it would soon be necessary to make arrangements to replenish stocks. Members expressed the view that in the light of the posi tion affecting the coal industry in the Eastern States. It would not.be wise to unduly delay making purchases, and the matter was left with the Mayor and town clerk in conjunction with the works managers to make the neces sary arrangements. Beauty Expert at SnelFs Bazaar.— Making a visit to Snell's Bazaar is Miss Betty Armstrong, who arrived in Geraldton on Tuesday morning last to sing the praises of Le Charine beauty products. Learning her profession in London, Miss Armstrong studied in New York for six months before migrating to Australia, and for some time past, before transferring to West ern Australia, followed her profession in Sydney. For the next fortnight Miss Armstrong will besin attendance at Snell's Bazaar, and will advocate the use of Le Charme products as a means of preserving beauty. Speaking to a representative of Geraldton News papers to-day, Miss Armstrong, refer ring to her profession, advocated the powdering of the whole of the face with the exception of the cheek bones, which were to be left shiny. As a tip for getting that sought after matt appear ance on the skin she recommended that the skin be first cleansed thoroughly and then an astringent applied. A little vanishing cream should then be applied, and then the powder, and fol lowing the latter another layer of van ishing cream and a final powdering. 'A natural make-up should be aimed at,' Miss Armstrong stated. 'Rouge and lipstick should match and should be chosen to blend with the skin ton ing, as a combination or colours sne suggested the following : — Sun tan : Carrot rouge, orangette or tangerine lipstick with Spanish powder. Very Blonde: Carrot rouge, tangerine lip stick, with light rachael powder. Blonde: Blonde rouge, tangerine or light lipstick, with peach powder. Brunette : Warm- toned rouge, light lip stick, dark rachael powder. 'The above rules.' said Miss Armstrong, 'cannot be hard and fast, because col ouring varies so much. They are just meant to act as a guide.' Miss Arm strong will remain in Geraldtou for about a fortnight. 