I A WINDOW I I THE WORLD BY u$- I Here's luck to O'Reilly Who hits out so spryly — O'Reilly, the wily, (No good at the slumps?) Who when hopes lire drooping On England comes swooping And wild sixers scooping Can banish our dumps I ? "Japanese entrepreneurs, engaged in shipping and munitions, have become very rich by means of the war," says a traveller. Which proves that the Orient has now reached the very highest stage of Occi dental civilisation. ? Herr Brinkmann, secretary of the Economics Ministry at Berlin, hopes that Britain will "keep a cool head" on the subject of Austrian debts. The Brinkmann philosophy preaches that the cool head should conveniently follow the cool check, the frozen mitt, the thick hide and the helluva nerve that are revealed in the. actions of hot heads that wouldn't be nearly so., hot if they hadn't such abiding faith in the other fellow's ability lo keep cool about it. ; ? Immigration from Denmark is pro posed for Australia. If this comes off, wc might get British Governments lo give belter preference lo Australian butter. So long as; we branded it Danish. 7-f Weather forecasts _ describe the probable results of u coming disturbance. 11 should begin with a spell of fine weather; next, showers of rain, accom panied, perhaps, by thunder; finally, stormy winds with severe cold. "Alack," says Dr. Archibald Grubb to his daughter Chrysalis, "these climatic vicissitudes seem to me lo be an epitome of human life, especially in the marital , relation. "When first I married your dear mother, my child, there was a halcyon season of sunshine. We basked and played and fondled. Then a change came. It was caused, in the first place, by some scientific experiments I made concerning the physiological effects of alcohol; a study which delnincd me un til 1 a.m. at the Club several nights run ning. "Your excellent mother made her pro test with showers of tears and thunder ous reproaches. I hastened back to the Club to resume my laboratory tests. "Thus there ensued a spell of icy cold ness. enduring over a week or 10 days. "More or less, I found that this was the history of every friend's marriage as well as my own." "T guess you deserved it, Dad," said Chrysalis. ? Who says a woman cannot be logical j and sweetly reasonable? Countess "Hullon-Haugwitz Revenllow says she will not claim alimony il' she divorces the Count. And she has only about 10 millions of her own money left. ? Those Bondi icebergs may think, in their non- shivering pride, llial they're the coldest-blooded folk on earth. But Paulette Goddard, the film slur, has announced that she is off to Reno, Nevada, "to form a ski-club" — and the whole world knows that Reno is one' of Ihe hot spots where snowballs wouldn't prosper. Is it possible that Pauletle's supposed romance with Chaplin has ended in a state of glaciation, which she thinks to spread over the whole landscape of Nevada? In Sydney, the man most lo be en- I vied is Mr. Walter Gale, the amateur | astronomer. He discovered "Gale's Periodical Comet," which is named after him, and now reappears (though nobody can see it without a telescope) after a lapse of 11 years. Do you not wish that the Gale Comet system could be applied to your ordin ary life, making things recur only once in 11 years? "Henry," says Mrs. Henpeck to her husband, "your boots look frightfully shabby. When did you last have them cleaned?" "Eleven years ago, on the Gale Comet . System," says Henry. Then conies a letter from Mr. Ernie McMahon, . Commissioner of Income Taxes: — . , . "To Mr, X.Y.Z. Flapdoodle, Citizen. — Dear Sir, Please take note that you are in liability for £11 lis lid; and if same, is not paid within Eleven Years, you will be liable to a fine of £11, alter the next Eleven Years." And your wife says, about the cigar ette burn on the table, "Very well; I'll mention it to you again after 11 years." A Would lo Heaven that alF we suffering i men were Gale Comets! E ? "The comfort of children in schools lias always been overlooked," says Cur rent Opinion, naturally askance at the paradox of a Minister, for Education working in an air-conditioned room, aiuLselioolkids shivering if they neglect iu .carry mcii .uwii Kiuuuug wuuu iu school. But look at it this way — Is there any other way to stir the kids' ambition, make 'cm look up to the shining heights and dream' and plan someday to soar and become Ministers ' of State and sit in nice warm rooms? I remember going to one of those chill, draughty rectangular huts they called a school back in eighleen-ninety-some- thing. When it got loo cold for teacher, he'd detail a party of us to go out in the bush and collect firewood. One day a thankless boy brought in half-a- dozen hull-dog ants in a matchbox and releas ed them to thaw out in the fireplace. Teacher stood in front of the fire warm ing his coat-tails until — Well, the celerity with which he left the room and returned with a new pair of panls, a new quince slick, showed us" that there are more ways than one of warming a seat of learning. But after that lie got his own firewood. ? The possibility of rain . . . the further probability that the wicket will crumble . . . and the belief that the wicket at Lord's will give trouble to-day— wet or fine — add interest to the last day of the Test. T here's so much of trouble brewing \ That it puzzles me and yon / What (he fates are ' really -doing A To the Lion or the 'Roo — The bowler spins the. leather mid tlf batsman blocks or. clouts Just fears and possibilities And certainties and doubts ..... Trouble in the gruss-roots. And trouble in the sky — Trouble if the pitch is wet ' And trouble if it's dry — But the trouble that most troubles us Is will it be the same As Nottingham, and finish as One more unfinished game ? And yet our chief reactions are With less of trouble fraught — For knowing such distractions are A part of noble sport ! If fate were not instilling Doubt and certainty and feur "1'would not be half so thrilling Just to listen in and cheer I 