NEWS FROM EVERYWHERE \- * BRITAIN is buying large stocks of wheat/ from overseas. A six months' 'emergency supply' is being provided, v o o o A FLOOD of new decrees,, complet ing the annexation of Austria by Ger many, will shortly be issued. V u u I FEODOR CHATiIAPIN, the famous Russian bass singer, died at Paris. He ? was suffering from pernicious anaemia and heart trouble. o o o \- THE NAZI authorities have stopped the income of £12,000 a year which the Austrian Government permitted the Archduke Otto, the Pretender to the Austrian Throne, to draw- from his Austrian estates. ' o o o THE REV. A. C. MOSLEY (84), of Beecroft (N.S.W.), was killed by a train which he attempted to board while in motion at the Wynyard station, on the Sydney underground railway, last Wed nesday. o o o DURING, last year the Lyons-Page ?Government , issued 6392 landincr ner mits to aliens. They comprised prin cipally Italians, Greeks H Germans, Jugoslavs and Poles. o o o ? OF THE descendants, of the Bounty '* mutineers who were taken from Pit cairn Island to Norfolk Island in 1856 but two survive. They are George Parkin Christian, 84, and Marianne Seline Buffett, 81. o o o A DEMAND by the German ConsUl General (Dr. Asmis) for the suppres sion of a film entitled, 'Inside Nazi Germany,' shown .at a Sydney theatre, was refused by the NJ3.W. Chief Sec . retary (Mr. Chaffey). o 0 0 CONVICTED on a charge of having Vdriven a motor car while under the in fluence of liquor, and causing actual bodily harm, Dr. William Barton Jakins (39), a Sydney doctor, was sent to jail for 12 months. o o o STRIKES in the private metal manufacturing industries in France are extending, over 250,000 workers being idle. The disputes are due to the re fusal of employers to increase wage rates atid improve working conditions. Strikes in the Government factories were settled following the granting of a 7 per cent, increase in wage rates. ' o O O ' THE N.S.W. State Parliament opened last week. Mr. Weaver was unani i mously re- elected Speaker, Mr. Hedges was re-elected Chairman of Commit tees in the Assembly, and . Mr. Farrar Chairman of Committees in the Upper HoUse. Parliament then adjourned until this week. Oy:,; o o o . TWO YOTOJG CHEU3REN— Brian Joseph Kerrigan, 4, and Terence Pat rick Kerrigan, 17 months— were found by their father last Tuesday morning ?with their throats cut in the bedroom of a* lonely bush farmhouse at Iron stone Hill, near Bendigo (V.). Later, Mrs. Mary Jane Kerrigan was arrested and charged with murdering the two children. 'KEEP IT DARK' is to, be the policy pursued by the Lyons-Page Govern ment regarding lis defence measures. The Minister for Defence (Mr. Thorby) says that the public must not be too solicitous of information vital to the safely of the Commonwealth. EIGHTEEN were killed and fifteen injured when a train collided with a motor truck near Suez (Egypt) last Thursday night. 0 0 0 REFUSAL to concede demands foi increased wages and Union recognition resulted in a strike of motion picture operators at 500 London theatres last Thursday night. The strike is spread ing throughout Britain. AT THE Darwin Supreme Court last week two aborigines, Alex and Nipper, were found guilty of having murdered an unknown aborigine at Veldt station, ne^r Mataranka, on January 28. Both were sent to jail for 15 years with hard labor. THE Executive Committee of the British Labor Party has rejected sug gestions for a Popular Front, in alliance with other parties in Britain, o o o ELECTION of President of Eire (Irish Free State) will take place on May 31, and the President will take office at the end of June. o o o CONVERSATIONS between Italy and France, with a view to a rapprochement between the two countries, will follow the completion of the Anglo-Italian Agreement. O 0 0 THE POLICE PATROL stationed on the Victorian border in connection with the infantile paralysis epidemic has been withdrawn. o o o SOVIET RUSSIA'S notificatiori-of the suspension of visas for travel on the Trans-Siberian railway is believed to mark secret new concentrations of So viet troops in view of the tension with Japan. \- o , o o , THE UJ3. Ambassador to Peru, hi a broadcast address, urged the Latin American nations to present a united front ? against old-world predatory forces seeking new or lost fields to con quer. THE possibility of 'the British Gov ernment obtaining machines for the Royal Air Force from the United States and Canada is being investigated. o o o i JAPAN IS SAID to be constructing a powerful 'hit-and-run' fleet of super cruisers, unmatched in the., world for speed, mobility and striking power. - O ; O : O A.;;.;-' FIERCE RIOTING occurred in the Etah (India) district following an as sault by a Moslem on a Brahmin girl. Three were killed and 100: injured. o o ?a--''/1' : ' FIVE premises ^ere ;destj^yed bPa fire at Lake Cargelllgo' (NJSiW.) last Wednesday night. . The damage. is esti mated at £10,000. v ^ | o o 'p;. . . ; ?' MRS. MINA FLANAGi^T (20) killed her only daughter, aged 3. and then committed suicide. The*. tragedy : ocl curred at her home at Marrickville (Nfl.W.) last Friday, and was discov ered by her husband. o o o MEXICO has flatly refused the Brit ish, request for the restoration of the confiscated oil properties in which British investors are largely interested, o o o A NAZI demonstrator fired two shots in the Danish Parliament at Copen hagen during a discussion on the new immigration bill, to which the Dahish Nazis are opposed. Nazi leaflets were also showered in the Chamber, o 6 a THE President of the N.S.W. Trade Union Secretaries' Association (Mr. O. Schreiber) said last week that organ ised Labor would urge that deductions under the Federal insurance scheme should be provided for in the basic wage. o o o WORK on the two new sloops, to be j built a.t Cockatoo Tslanri Tlnrlcvdrri. Sydney, for the Australian Navy, will begin in a few weeks. It is expected that they will be ready for service- in 18 months. o o o TO COUNTERACT the economic slump in the United States, President | Roosevelt has drawn up a 4,512,000,000 dollars lending, spending and credit ex pansion programme. o o o THE former Austrian Chancellor, Dr. Schuschnigg, has been transferred to the German concentration - camp at Dachau (Bavaria) , to which all other Austrian political prisoners have already been sent. . o o o WILLIAM HENRY WEST (55) was electrocuted when an electric wire snapped and hit him during a storm near RockhamptiOn (Q.) last Thurs day. The horse he was riding was also killed. o o o WIDESPREAD damage was done by a cloudburst in the Nelson (N.Z.) dis trict last Saturday. Many houses Were wrecked owing to a landslide and the crashing , of rocks and earth. Robert Turner (53) was killed and many others were injured. o o o FIVE MEN were drowned when a fishing boat swamped near Port' Kembla (N.S.W.) last Saturday night. They were: Joseph Pallier, 58, of Ash field; Alan Pallier his son; Edward; Arnley, 30, of Enfield; Reginald Law son, 25, of Fivedock; and Raymond Moon, 24, of Port Kembla. o o o WOODCUTTERS supplying the Kal goorlie mines with fuel went on strike for a district allowance. This was con ceded by the employers, but the men refused to resume work unless the penalty clause in the award, whereby the men lose a day of their holidays for each day they are out, ,was not enforced. The employers refused to agree to this request. WILLIAM MOdRE (33) was killed to a sewer trench at Young (N.S.W.) when a windlass collapsed last Thursday, o o , o HEAVY LOSSES were sustained when a flood submerged part of the town of Hokitika (N.S.W.) and the sur rounding district last week-end. ooo FIRE destroyed Morcom's boarding house at Bourke (NJS.W.) last Friday afternoon. The fumitUre was also de stroyed, and the boarders lost all their belongings. o o o NOMINATIONS received for the W A. Legislative Council biennial elections disclose that there' will be contests in the North-east, West, South-west and Metropolitan Suburban Provinces. Re tiring members for the other six seats were not opposed. 