PRODUCERS' CONFERENCE. The Central District L.P.A. Confer ence, with 40 delegates present, was opened on Thursday by the Mayor of Rockhampton (Aid. R. W. Evans), at the invitation of the chairman. The Mayor said that ho had sufficient in- telligence to recognise that agriculture came first in industry throughout the world. It had been stated that doubt ex isted about 60 years ago as to whether food supplies would be sufficient to meet the future demand, but at the present time the problem did not seem to be nearly so acute. Farmers were now able to supply from one acre as much as required five acres to supply about 50 years ago, this being the re sult of scientific research and the good work accomplished by such confer ences as that which he was about to open. Referring to the progress of transport and its benefits to the prim ary producer, the Mayor said he wished to pay tribute to the excellent work being carried put by the Main Roads Commission in the construction of roads in the country. He did so. in the face of much criticism, which he considered to be unjust. "There is not the slightest doubt that there is pros perity in Australia," sold the Mayor, "There is evidence of it everywhere, and I am pleased to see that a move has been made to bring about intelli gent immigration. Handled properly, I think it is a good thing." The Mayor officially declared the conference open and extended his best wishes for Its success. A vote of thanks was moved by Mr. W. Lehfeldt, seconded by Mr: R. R, Nothling, and carried by ac clamation. The chairman introduced Mr. D. J. M. Daniel. M.L.A., who, in brief response, said that the present conference was the third he hod at tended. If he gained as much know ledge from it as he had from the others, his time would not have been wasted. He was wholeheartedly in favor of the conference, as he realised tho advantage of organisation. It could be borne out by the .fact that only last week Australian butter in London had brought the same price as Danish butter. That was an achieve ment of which primary producers could well be proud. LONDON June 16.— Herbert Smith, Miners' Federation President between 1922 and 1929, died suddenly to- day. The death also occurred to-day of Lady Muriel Paget. 