NO LARGE-SCALE SCHEMES IN VIEW ^HB report, does nqt reveal epoch making schemes, and does not en- visage an immediate expansion in mi- gration to Australia to an extent which materially will alter the population position within IO years, lt emphasises that It would be a mistake to arouse false exaggerated hopes of the trans- planting of population on a large scale. However, the Government attaches great Importance to the report, and ls preparing.elaborately for ..its world-1 wide publication. I A special article foreshadowing the report will appear In the "Yorkshire Observer" and allied publications to- morrow. With these papers Lord Barnby, the Bradford wool merchant, ls associated.. This article will say thal Interest in the question is reflected In a motion supported by more than 270 members of the House of Commons: That the. time has arrived for the early resumption of the movement.ot population within the Empire, and that the British Government should Invite the Dominions to make early preparation for approved schemes. Fantastic Suggestion The article will say that with little possibility of migration to Canada, New Zealand, or. South Africa, the problem bolls down to Britons going to Austra- lia, and the fact that this movement ls falling to keep pace with Australian population'needs for defence, has in- fluenced the Commonwealth's decision to reopen the question of migration, and will have an important bearing on the types to be chosen for new re- settlement schemes. The National,, In- surance Bill is a good start to encourage migration, and may have to be widely extended If migration appeals 'to tho skilled workers who are the stock es- sential to the Dominions. It will be emphasised that Australia obviously Is under-populated, but the German sug- gestion that the Commonwealth has a capacity for 200,000,000 of population before the end of the century may be discounted as fantastic. I . V ... Stressing the importance of the re- port, "The Times" says that the con- clusions reached are bound, to carry great weight. It points out that, even if tho palmy days of migration be- came possible again, it would be only when, expanding development in the Dominions provided openings of which enterprising persons would be eager to take advantage. Referring to the opposition of the Australian Labour Lender (Mr. Cur- tin) on the ground of expenditure, "The Times" says, that migration would not be justified unless the Commonwealth contributed adequately to the unem- ployment and relief expenditure of the States. Similar difficulties exist In other Dominions; and a decisive factor in any scheme of organised migration must be the attitude of the Govern- ments and peoples of the Dominions. Would Welcome Danes The Copenhagen correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" says that the Australian Minister-for Commerce (Sir Earle Page), In a statement to the Press, says: "I have heard about the Danish migration to Venezuela, and cannot understand why Danish farmers do not go to Australia, where the con- ditions are much better. We are eager to receive many Danish farmers. ? My discussions with the Danish Immigra- tion Department have convinced me that an Australian-Danish agreement will be reached." 