j PF.ART.TNG POACHERS. The delicate nature of the ques tions surrounding the 'menace jjof the Sampans' in Australian ^Vaters does not admit of hasty and impetuous treatment. The subject matter has been under discussion for years. In prefeder ation days the Federal Council gave to the pearling industry many hours of deep consideration. Indeed, what is now happening was foreseen, but the door, more or less, was left open. Recently, the subject of 'Sampans and ^Territorial Waters' was discus sed by Professor A. H. Charteris, in the 'Austral- Asiatic Bulletin,' published by the Australian In stitution of International Affairs. To appreciate the complaint of Australian pearlers against the so-called 'poaching' sampans, SjTul Professor Charteris, it was ^(SJEessary to distinguish between fishing for pearl and trochus and fishing for beche de mer. The latter fruit of the sea is found only on reefs within the normal three mile limit. The former ar-3 never found within territorial waters; but the pearlers can only keep to the sea for short periods, and require constantly to return to territorial waters for shelter. While it is true, there fore, that the Japanese sampans are on the high seas and beyond reach of Australian law while actually engaged ,in pearling, they can only engage in pearling ii^the neighborhood of North \--|%stralia by resort to some base -I&ich; nearer the pearling grounds; than their own home-ports. There is reason to believe that many of them use a base in the Dutch East Indies, and it is notorious that they make unauthorised entry into Australian territorial waters, and even into Australian . territory in disregard of the re quirements of the Immigration, the Health and the Customs Acts, the latter of which prohibits, un dey'/i penalty of £100, a ship 'to any place other than a port unless from stress of - wea- ther or other reasonable cause.' (S.59). Under S.4r 'port' means 'any proclaimed port.' Except Darwin, there is none between Cooktown and Broome. A spec ial grievance of the Australian pearler is that his Japanese com petitor is pearling with impunity in extensive areas extending well into the high seas off the coast or Queensland, in which, by virtue of the pre-Federation Pearling Act passed by the Federal Coun cil of Australasia and continued in force by S.7 of the Constitution Act, pearling without license is forbidden 'to British ships and boats attached to British ships.' The prescribed area extends on the west from New Guinea some ninety miles off the land down to Cooktown; and on the east at the same distance from the land well down into the Gulf of Carpentaria. It is only within the last three year^that the Japanese, by means of motor-sampans with attend ant pearlers, have undertaken for themselves the whole opera tion for fishing for perarl. Pre viously they had worked as divers for British pearlers or companies, who, under the Pearl ing Ordinance 1930 applicable to North Australia and its territor ial waters, were alone entitled to obtain the requisite 'ship li cense,' although aliens might ob tain licence either as 'diver' or 'diver's tender' at a cost in either case of 10/- per man per annum. The British pearler also required a permit to import Asiatic labor under three years' indenture with the obligation of repatriating the Asiatic em ployee at the end of the term. These regulations sufficed to create a monopoly for British ships of pearling within terri torial waters in North Australia, and they would still suffice to obtain a conviction against a Japanese pearler if caught in tie act of pearling within those limits. But outside those limits the regulations cannot affect foreigners. The anomaly created by Queensland sea-areas, closed to Australian and open to Jap anese pearlers, closely resembles ? tke- situation prevailing in the Moray Firth in Scotland, which gave rise in 1906 to the well known case of Mortenson ▼. Peters. At tlie instance of the local line fishermen, who com plained of the depredation of trawlers, the Scottish Fishery Board, by valid Jay-law, issued under the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act 1889. closed the entire vast area of 2.000 square miles to fishing 'by beam or other trawl.' To escape the pro hibition which applied to British ships, certain of the trawlown ers obtained registration under tlie Norwegian flag and sent their ships into the Firth. In 1906 the Crown succeeded in enforcing the by-law against a foreigner by securing a conviction against Mortensen, the Danish master of a Norwegian trawler, for fishing' in the prohibited maimer at a point more than three miles from land in the Firth. Although the] conviction was sustained on ap peal, the Crown had a short- i lived success, for on the interven tion of the Norwegian Minister in London, the Executive, for reasons of policy, decided not to ! enforce the statutory penalty i That the 'poaching' sampans will receive support from the Japanese Government in com plications arising from unauthor ised entry into Australian terri torial waters is improbable, says Professor Charteris, since Japan herself is a staunch upholder of the three-mile limit. Any claim to waters beyond that limit would amount to annexation of the high seas, and could only be made ef fective by international agree ment. 