UNITED COUNTRY PARTY Waranga Council Meeting There was a good attendance at the meeting on Wednesday at Rushworth of the Waranga Dis trict Council of the United Coun- try Party. Motions of loyalty to the Dunstan Government and to the United Country Party were carried. A motion was passed commending the State Parliament for having elect ed the ‘Labor representative against the Liberal Country Party represen tative for the Senate vacancy. [ Referring to a proposal that th->. Warttuga District Council should me diate with the breakaway section, Mr V. Hoddinot (Nagambie); said that he ti&d; moved the motion'; be cause he thought there might have been some chance of reconciliation. It was now apparent that the breakaways had no desire for it. 1 He move<7 that the council thank 'the Parliamentary party and the cen tral council for the sincere efforts for I reconciliation, and express its loyalty Ito the central council and the Dun- Istan Government. | The motion was agreed to. [ A motion was agreed to deploring the action of certain Country Party [Federal members in voting against the interests of primary producers on national insurance, and Country Party Federal Ministers in voting to silence Mr Wilson, when urging the stabilisation of the wheat industry. Motions were agreed to supporting the orchardists of Harcourt and Cas tlemaine in seeking Government ass istance to carry on until next season’s crop was harvested; that the council protest against high valuations for drainage rating; that the council di rects the attention of the Government to the necessity for completing the Eppalock Weir; that in view of the successful administration of closer settlement by a commission, the coun cil considered that the fuufre con sol of settlement should be in the hands of a commission answerable to the Minister, and that, as far as pos sible, temporary officers, particularly field officers, should be appointed to the public service; tfiat the council protest against any proposal to place little brothers and Danish immigrants on the land until such time as the sons of Australians were satisfactor ily settled. 