BOOK REVIEWS v Oppressor Seeking Justice In International Trade By "Scrijàe" T*WO books have reached me at the same moment which, to do justice to both, must be bracketed together. The first is -'I Speak for the Chinese," by Carl Crow (Hamish Hamilton, London; price, 3s 6d). The second is "Justice for Japan," by Prof. Aldred F. Barker, formerly Professor of Textile Industries in England and later holding the same position in the Chiao-Tung University, China (Robertson and Mullens, Melbourne; price, .2s 6d). Although apparently dealing with reverse aspects of the same problem, it will be found that the approach is to entirely different problems, but the deductions in the end strangely coincide in certain re- spects. The first book is written from the point of a busi- - . ness man living in Tokio as manager of the "Japan Adver- tiser," with 25 years of experience in China, Japan, and the East generally. He was sent during the Great Wai by the U.S.A. Government to China as the Representative of the Committee on Public Information. ]yfrt. CROW takes tho gloves off and deals somo, hard blows to .Jap- anese methods and policy. He does not content himself with assertions, but presents an array of factual mat- ter which maltes his case strong. He accuses Japan of waiting till the world is preoccupied with other hap- penings before launching her attacks on China, and quotes the instance of tho World ''Var during which she pre- sented the celebrated Twenty-one De- mands. Those demands, if agreod to in 1916, would have converted China into a serf Stato under complete Jap- anese domination. But the Powers, although deeply engaged, managed to hear of them in spite of the attempt i by Japan to koop them secret, and copies were smuggled out of the coun- try to the foreign Press and publish- ed. Japan then denied their issue and made reassuring statements. But even so, seven of the demands were finally accepted by China. Tho plot to capture all China, ac- cording -to Mr. Crow, originated after tho Japanese victory in tho war with China in 1894-5, and the writer then traces the course of developments from that time and shows the extreme cunning employed. He reveals how Japan seized the period of chaos after the revolution of 1011 to foment un- rest, and placed her officials and agita tora in ovory part of the country to keep tho pot ot disorder boiling so that abe could, with perfect show of reason, step in and "protect" her nationals. The writer also shows how Japanese "advisers" were attached to chieftains in Inner Mongoliu, and there encour nged rebellion, supplying tho war lords with arms and munitions and urging thom to set up indepehdènt govern- ments.' Ho adds! "In brief,' nothing that would promote a state óf'anarchy in China was too trivial 'for the atten- tion of the Japanese plotters." Mr. Crow's Indictment ls substan- tiated by facts beyond dispute, and which are known to the world. Japan makes a point of tracing her opera- tions to a mere 10 years ago.'and then shows them os arising in response to the danger of Communism and an- archy due to Russlun influence. The truer version is that given by Air. Crow which goes back to 1895 and 1915, when Japan exposed her inten- tions. The later and better remem- bered incidents nre treated with deep insido knowledge, and the. indictment drawn up ÍB such that Japan stands, however much aomo may try to de- fend her, condemned as an aggressor at. once ruthless, determined, and brutal, 'with tho avowed .will .'to destroy a nation's independence, and sover- eignty,'although she had hypocritically professed her desire merely to co- operate and help China and, further- more, had signed several guarantees with the most solemn promises. Such is the outline of a book that .Japan' will find lit impossible to answer be- cause lt offers facts and not. state- ments only. "Justice to Japan" takes an entirely different course from Mr. Crow's work and deals with the trade situation 'of Japan as compared with the world. Professor Barker examines all aspects, but especially that of flnnnce, which he regards as the key by which she ls en- abled to flood tho world market with goods at prices many times below tho lowest figure possible rn other coun- tries. He entirely discredits the fre- quently made assertion that lt is on ac- count of labour at almost slavé costs ' that she ls able to do this, and gives sub- stantial reasons for his views. Thus, he'shows that depreciation of the yen is merely one of a series of carefully devised methods by which the internal domestic purchasing power of tho yen has been kept at a figure at least six times that of sterling. He then con- siders wages and standard of living for Japanese workpeople, Indicating that the roal wilgo is nearly double that of tho corresponding British worker. He quotes as an example a Japanese girl entering- a textile factory at 14 years of age, and at 10 returning home to be married with savings equivalent in Japan to between ,£200 and £300, and asks what Lancashire worker could hope to do that. Finally ho makes his deductions that if British industry is to be able to com- pote with Japanese and other sources where finance has been moved out of the rut in which it runs in Europe, it will have to change Its system and method. He puts it in this way: "The more foodstuff there is, the ' moro hungry people should be fed. But as no increase of the medium of exchange takes place under present conditions to meet, say, double the production of foodstuffs, only the same number of people can exchange, which they do at half tho rate, thus leaving a glut on the market, coupled with lower prices, wealth for those who have not earned it, with possibly starving people." To this he adds: "The fundamental difficulty seems to arise because pro- duce and work are adjusted to flnunce Instead of finance to produce and work." Professor Barker has put forward rea- sons for Japan's industrial advance which seem to satisfy the case. Sup- ported by personal experience of meth- ods employed and with a profound knowledge' of industrial affairs, his views demand careful consideration by all business people. His case for jus- tice to be done to Japan concerns tariffs and quotas, and the .attempt that has boon made to cramp Japanese industry because lt can give to tho world cheap goods, lt has no relation to thc plan of seizing and occupying China. England the Arbiter, by Herbert W. Moxon, published by Hutchinson, Lon- don; price, 10s 6d. ' AT the end.of this book 1 feel un- able to say whether Mr. Moxon actually supports democracy as it is generally understood, or whether he is considering something which he labels democracy, but, which seems to bear close kinship to Fascistic thought. He makes tho basis of his argument the utter wickedness of Socialism, which he defines In his own peculiar way. In chap VI. he says:.. . there, sooner or later, makes Its appearance In every Civilisation a beast of destruction that marks down Civilisation as its prey, and once, more lt has arrived on the scene—malign, seductive and, as always, true to type." This "beast" Mr. Moxon identifies with every lib- eral movement throughout history, re- gardless of the fact that most revolu- tions have arisen in response to long continued and bitter oppression of peoples, allied with conditions of liv- ing that made life not worth living. No calm thinking person can endorse revolution as a means of progress or reform, but no fair-minded person can avoid recognition that revolution is usually the explosion ensured by tyranny and misery. He criticises all Socialistic thought thus: "Popular Socialism has no creed of its own worthy of the name, and no inspiration save that of envy, malice, and prospective plunder"; "This, then, is the wretched material out of which popular Socialism is made." Earlier still he says: "It is useless to inquire as to why it is that at a certain point in its (civilisa- tion's) history there comes into being a ruthless organisation drawn from members of both sexes who are in a state of bitter rebellion against the in- evitable limitations and restrictions of tho Civilisation to which they belong." After ascribing this peculiar position as due to theology, he explains that the rebellion is confined to no special class or type of person many of whom are often "of high intelligence and exem- plary lives." Mr. Moxon selects Spengler's name of Faustinian to demark the civilisa- tion of our time, and elevates it to prime place as the only type worth preservation on account apparently of its "Gothic" alliances. He writes with much erudition in tho first part of his book on the subject of cycles and cul- ture civilisations, and gradually works towards the point that every cycle has been destroyed by the "beast of de- struction," namely, those who denied tho static form and the slothfulness of inherited tradition, and sought fresh and vigorous concepts. There is much praise given to the efforts of Hitler and Mussolini, and continually he refers to their saving of civilisation. While seeking to give an impression of objecting to dictator- ship and its system, the effect created is that he endorses it in some slight- ly different form. It is really diffi- cult to get at what Mr. Moxon does intend. ' He uses the word democ- racy in such strange associations that he conjures up a view in which one imagines a people trained to think with Mr. Moxon, agreeing with him always, and following out a plan which contains nothing, but indirect and indefinite suggestions without a trace of method or system. While holding no brief for Social- ism, nor indeed any other "ism," I find it difficult to review ideas and prin- ciples which are so violently in con- flict with the democratic outline of Britain, yet seek to pass under the guise of democracy themselves. It might have been wiser if Mr. Moxon had coined a word to describe his poli- tical 'ology, but to send it forward as a democratic prophet is asking too much. There is much that is good in the book, and evidence of long and deep study. The result, however, as a work will find opponents in the camps he favours, and in those which he attacks. Nevertheless, his best friends will be tho Nazis and Fascists, for in them, he finds little that is not either valuable or necessary. It is unlikely to be read by any except those interested in speculative phil- osophy, on account of its lack of con- crete reality and profound abstrac- tion, coupled with the recurring con- viction that anything under the name of liberal thought or ideas pertain- ing to it is "plunder politics" devised by tho "beast of destruction." ANDREW SOUTAR'S CLEVER NEW NOVEL > "The Stan I'd Give," by Andrew Sou- tar, published by -Hutchinson, London; price, 7s 6d, 'j'HB name of Andrew Soutar always ? stands for a well written. novel, But lt also stands for something more. Mr. Soutar is not a writer who is con- tent morely to make a good story. Ha must have a meaning and a purpose which, though he seldom points lt vlei MR. ANDREW SOUTAR. ouBly, he makes plain. Tho basis of "The Stars I'd Give" is uncharitable meanness and hypocrisy which attacks the finest aspects of life if they fail to conform to narrow, religious views, or depart from accepted canons. Bevis Hampton, a young- farmer in Sussex, with a good education and new Ideas on farming, falls In love with a woman married to a scoundrel whom she .divorces, Bevis marries her and tho development of the theme ls then the tremendous battle the two have to fight against the vulgar Ignorance and prejudice o£ the district, reinforced by tho former husband who curries fav- our by giving liberally to the churches, pandering to the meanest elements, and gaining possession of land so that he can persecute Bevis and his wife. Tho murder of the former, husband Increases the tension and hatred of the distrlot for Bevis' wife, until events take a new turn which it shall be the province of the author to tell himself. lt ls not porhaps thc theme nor tho manner of its unfolding that consti- tutes this novel so much as the excel- lent writing. The dialogue is natural and unforced, and situation true and convincing, but best of all ls the satire in the attack delivered through his media and not set out as opinions, by which the stupidity and ignorant folly of men and women is set in such bright light. The attitude towards a divorced woman manifested by country louts and little town ignoramuses is admirably revealed through scandnl-mongerlng, which Mr. Soutar uses with pungent irony. His personalities are no card- board ones but very live people, show- ing that he knows human nature from many angles. It is a most pleasing book, cleverly written, and one that does not depend on merely emotional appeal for its strength. Possibly if the love scenes were a trifle "less idyllic lt might have been more true to life, but, after all, who ls to judge on such a matter where the variations are end- less and have never yet been fully ex- plored V I consider lt a book that every novel reader should not miss. The Divine Folly, by Baroness Orczyi published by Hodder and Staughton, London; price 7s 6d, IßARONESS ORCZY'S novels have long been highly popular, especli! ally the series telling the adventures of the now famous Scarlet Pimpernel. She has departed from tales of rescue in the French Revolution, and her latest book concerns two Englishmen, brothers, who come within tho Influence of a fanatical Italian aristocrat deter- mined to rid the world of enemies in high places, for which purpose ho forms the historic society known as tho Car bonarl. One brother, the nephew. of a baronet and heir to the title, comes out of gaol for some minor offence, and ls good soil for the soeds of revolt. Tho actual story concerns an attempt to assassinate the Emperor Napoleon III. ot Franco. This is historically true, and the' work appears to bo founded largely on facts. Tho plot is strongly based and well developed, while the individuals concerned are drawn with the skill that belongs to Baroness Orczy's work. The reader ls introduced to the Inner politics of the middle' 19th Century when revolt was in the air and assassination was the instrument of reform. The Drum, by A. E. W. Mason, pub- lished by Hodder and Staughton, Lon- don ¡price 6s. JN that well-chosen language, which is part of. Mr. Mason's work, he tells a particularly, good story of the North West frontier of India. It is short for a book but long for a short story, and takes about an hour and a half to read, but there is not a paragraph that is not good. Without giving away the plot I may say that lt begins with the transfer ot a young newly, married officer in the Army to the Political De- partment ot India and sent to a Khan- ate, a troubled frontier State, as special agent. The reader thereupon finds, him- self In close touch with Bill, an Eng- lish drummer boy, perhaps a little too good to bo true In the minds of those who have met the type, an Indian boy Shuja-ul-mulk, the dispossessed heir to the Khanate, a Une character-sketch Indeed, and a few others. Army officers and so forth, all well done. After that is good. adventure in which a ghostly.drum plays a vital part. There is nothing , of. the merely sensational In Mr. Mason'B book-it would be hard at any time to accuse him of that-it is l'omance with the thrill that often belongs to life, especially when lived in out-of-the-way, spots. Mr. Mason knows India and .its people, and also he knows genuine r romance, even as he knows people. I commend this story for its general excellence as a piece of writing, and ns a tale that does not re- lax in its grip on the mind. DANISH WRITER TELLS OF AFRICAN LIFE Out of Africa, by Karen Blixen; pub- lished by Putnam, London; price 12s 6d net. rj^HlS book describes the lite of the author on a farm near Nairobi, and lt is written with a dignity and' re- serve that suit the description of her unhurried ,and cultured life in the African Highlands. There ls, great feeling and restraint, and only a few odd Utes of English remind tho reader that the author is a Dane, There ls also a delightful Scandinavian tang which lends thlB description of Africa much charm. Baroness Blixen ls perhaps at her best writing about persons, and her chapter entitled "A Shooting Accident at the Farm," which deals with the attitude of the Kikuyu natives' attitude towards justice. Is one of tho most in- teresting In the book. Her chapter headed "From an Immigrant's Note- book" also has a wealth of entertain- ing matter. A most interesting feature of the book is the description it giveB of the almost feudal system of the life of the white farmer, which, with its sense of quietness and culture, explains the great attraction of Kenya to many who felt themselves bom out of their time in the modern world. It ls «ad to read that this Is a description of a passing generation, and that life In Kenya today ls losing much of tts sa- vour under the stress of modern con- ditions. The events in the book are not told in chronological order, but are grouped under five main headings, an arrange- ment which allows full opportunity for the author's most sympathetic study of personalities. She has a great gift of sympathy, which has enablod her to make friends of persons of many differ- ent nationalities and understand them so that ehe can portray them. Her love and understanding of Africa ls the main »pring of the book, and her re- velation of the inner workings and the charm of the native mind ls something unique in human psychology. Through out the narrative are incidents and dramas, and tho serious side is leavened with the author's flair for quiet hu- mour, How deeply she loves Africa may bo gathered from her poignant de- scription of her farewell to her furm; yet so deeply does the point of view enter into human nature that the farm might be anywhere In the world, or the book a chronicle of life anywhere at any time. It is a book to be read and remembered, BIOGRAPHY Catherine Helen Spence, by Jeannette F. Young; published by the Lothian Publishing Co., Melbourne; price 10s. 6d. ÇOINCIDING with the Australian ses- quicentenary, this work appears in celebration of the women pioneers ot reform and culture in the days when Australia was struggling towards wider self- expression. It is Just that her life story should be published to agree with this celebration, for Catherine Spence must be granted a high place in the record of early devotion to Ideals. Her biography ls well done. There ls not too close detail, nor ls anything omitted of consequence, with the re- sult that a rendable story is made of an interesting life whose labours remain In much that obtains In Australian con- ditions. The career of Catherine Spence ls shown step by step from birth and early childhood in Scotland to tho migration of the family to Australia In 183D. Then comes tho literary period when she took up the writing of novels, to be followed by her entry Into the political sphere. It ls an excellent thing that there are still found writers who will devote their time to collect- ing the records of men and women who have contributed largely to the deve- lopment of Australia, and among the number of such ls Miss Young, who has brought patience and untiring research to make her subject complete. PSYCHOLOGY Psycho-analytical Epitomes No. 1, » General Selection from the works- of Sigmund Freud, edited by John Rick man; published by the Hogarth Press, London; price, 5s. ASSEMBLED in comparatively small space ls the gist ot tho teachings of Freud, with much of . the argumentative and discursive cléments omitted. It 1B a book ' which may well serve as an initial text-hook for students of psycho- analytical, research, the main outlines j of the Freudian philosophy being well set out. Dr. Hickman has closely com I pressed the large amount of matter re- lating to theories and the still larger amount or evidence buttressing them. In this book he presents an epitome of tho theory of psycho-analysis In such form that the scientific student or the ordinary reader interested in such mat- ters finds his subject clearly revealed, while also divested of much that other- wise might obscure. The editor has, as he tells in his preface, left out many things for the sake of expressing In the clearest form the essential foundations on which the principles of psycho- analysis are fixed. In effect, lt ls an exposition of the evolution of the Freud- ian thought as the modern method of diagnosing the human mind in its most complex manifestation's, and of reducing those complexities to their-simple ele- mentary bases. The work has been done with infinite care, and the result is a book that fills a gap between the earlier study of the subject and the later and more profound conceptions. With a well-compiled index and glossary, tills book takes an Important place In the modern study of mental and emotional processes. 