DANISH JOURNALIST . OUT TO BANISH IGNORANCE | On a mission to the South-West of Western Australia to write special articles for the largest newspaper in Copenhagen, fair haired Esben Aakjaer called at this office on Friday last and spent a half hour praising the district that had afforded him such a pleasant stay on his all too short visit. Only 27 years of age Mr. Aakjaer had been singled out for this important mission, perhaps in view of the fact that his father, now deceased, was a writer of international fame. He was commissioned by his paper to come to this portion of the State to write articles to send home to Denmark in an effort to provide the people with the true facts of the South-West of Western Australia. He said there was a lamentable ignorance abroad of Western Australia and more particularly the southern portion. He had recently traversed through 14 countries and has reason to re member his advent to Western Australia where he will remain for two months. From his arrival in Perth he went north to Carnamah and then beaded for the South-West on an itinerary advised by Mr. G. K. Baron- Hay, Dairy Superintendent of this State. Danish folk were better informed of New Zealand on account of trade competition with their country than thov were of W.A. He made no hesitation in saying that Western Australia did not advertise itself sufficiently, meaning that Nature had be?n very generous in bestowing worldly things, yet nothing was being done to exploit them to their best advantage. His face lit with delight when he recounted splashes of eight enjoyable days spent on the South" Coast in com pany with Mr. Charlie Burns, of Northcliffe, who proved a wonderful guide, friend and purveyor of "tall stuies" of bush lore that left the visitor bewildered. Esben incidentally confessed at having learned some "true Australian" adjectives and his only regrets were that he could not linger on the coast and the Warren. He travels armed with two cameras and a typewriter. One is a movie camera and he filmed a fox being caught by two dogs and the bringing to bay of a large "boomer" kangaroo by the dogs owned by Charlie Burns. It was unique for this world traveller and he hopes to find a market for his newsreel in Hollywood when he will attend the World Fallthere in April. He smilingly admitted that the only point where he could be run to earth once a year is on New Year's Eve in Hollywood, where he attends a special party. On his trip to the coast he rode 80 miles on horsebacp, used 500 feet of film, lived mainly on the bags of their rifles and fished for maron in the Warren river. Asked if he considered a move would be made for immigration of Danish people to the Northcliffe district he answered that "it might come." Only since hie arrival in the State on his special assignment was an- connection made as to possible settlement. He stated that overture^ had been made to his country but on account of Victoria. He regretfullv admitted that the charm of the district had been such that he had lingered considerably longer than his schedule had provided and he had only a month left to travel tc Southern Cross, Kalgoorlie, Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane. He would then spend three months in New Zealand. This journalist speaks English French and German and is unmarried. Assignments of this calibre would be impossible if one was married Esben admitted. He would like to return to this State to ramble over the sheep! stations in the North. He spoke of the unrest in Europe and the fierce preparations for a war that seems inevitable. Only by seeing the intense preparation could one estimate how far this had gone and how far removed from it were the people of Australia. Budapest was the paradise of new§ p&per; men "Rsben concluded. Here reporters travelled on air lines and railway free of charge and had access to almost any place gratis. 