MAGISTRATE GETS BOYS OUT OF GAOL Following representations to the Customs Department, Special Magistrate Schroeder today secured the release from, Fremantle Goal of two Danish lads, aged 17 and 15. The lads missed their ship at Fre mantle last week-end and since Mon day have been kept in custody in the gaol. Today they appeared in the Fre mantle Children's Court before* Mr. Schroeder. charged with being pro hibited immigrants. An officer of the Customs Depart ment successfully applied for a remand in custody pending deportation. But when he heard that the boys had been detained at the gaol, Mr. Schroeder exclaimed: 'That's not the place for them.' During the brief Court proceeding Danish Consul, P. Fraenkel, strongly protested against the Customs Depart ment wanting to deport the lads. He did not think it necessary for \- the department to take action against them. Later he told a representative of 'The Daily News' that Mr. J. P. Hen nelly, J.P., .of Swanbourne, who re turned to this State in the same ship on which the boys were working, had offered to take charge of one of the def eridsiits. Arrangements, could be ?ni.'jQ-or iha other boy to get work en a farm conducted by a Dane. Boat Sailed But He Didn't Mr. Fraenkel also mentioned the case of a Danish seaman, aged about 23, who had spent over three weeks in Fremantle gaol pending deportation. During that period a Danish boat had called at Fremantle and since sailed, but no effort was apparently made to send this man away. So far as he could see the man would remain in gaol for an indefinite period, and he thought this was harsh treatment. After the Court business had been completed, Mr. Schroeder pursued the matter with the Danish Consul, and following representations the Customs Department agreed to the release of the boys. r . . ? ? ! . . One was assigned to the care of Mr. Hennelly and the other to the Rev. J. W. Clift (chaplain to the Missions to Seamen, Fremantle). The magistrate then visited the gaol and, accompanied by the boys, re turned to the' Children's Court for a special sitting to hand them over to their. guardians. . . . ? 