Foreign News Items (Contributed by the_ League of Nations' Union) INCREASED JEWISH MIGRA TION QUOTA TO PALESTINE TT is reported that on April 1st, the British Government increased the immigration quota to Palestine. In the past the migration of JeAVS to Palestine has been restricted to eight to 8,000 persons per annum,, and is carefully controlled, inuw m tion to this 8,000 a maximum of 2,000 persons of independent means pos sessing £1,000 capital, a maximum of 1,000 labourers, 200 dependents, and an unstated number of students aviII be admitted each year. This action has been taken in view of the plignt of the JeAVS in Central Europe as a Avhole. "It is stated that the Austrian situation Avas only a contributing fac tor in the Government's decision. SCRAP IRON FOR JAPAN FROM SHANGHAI DEBRIS The deA'astated areas of China are proving a a'aluable source of scrap iron for the manufacture of Japanese armaments. The Avrecked machinery, bombed houses and debris from other buildings haA'e yielded thousands _ of tons of scrap iron Avhich is being shipped back to Japan. The principal source of supply has been in the HankoAA'-Yantzepoo areas of Shanghai. Approximately 900 of Shanghai's best equipped factories haA'e ben completely destroyed, and 1000 others damaged. This has repre sented a loss to China of more than £10,000,000. In the ruins of this in dustrial area, Japanese troops are forcing Chinese coolies to collect the old iron and load it into the, troop ships returning to Japan. Chinese, denied access to tliose areas, haA'e receiA'ed reports from for eign insurance adjusters of this "plun dering." and it is thought that the Japanese are not eager for the fact to be made known. This is borne out by an incident in AA'hich a Danish pbuio- grapher lost his special Japanese pass on the grounds that "the bearer s in clination to giA'e publicity to the mat ter cast doubt on his being the sort of person Avho should enjoy such a favour." ITALY MOVES A NAVAL BASE On April 5th, the Official Gazette in Rome published a decree transfer- . ring the seat of the Italian Aegean fleet from Leros to Rhodes, more than i00 miles farther from the heart of the Aegean Sea. Another 'announcement at the same time stated that Greece and Turkey- had recognised the Italian Ethiopian Empire by deciding to accredit diplo matic representatives to Victor Em manuel as King and Emperor. The Turks had been, alarmed about Italian ambitions in Turkish Anatolia and would naturally be pleased to see the Italian NaA'al base further from Tur key. Mussolini is equally anxious to haA'e the Ethiopian conquest recog nised. He seems to have used the same technique Avhich he has employ-, ed aa'ith Great Britain. By exerting pressure and giving a display of; force at fnconA'enient moments, he has been able to force the recognition of Ethi opia "as a quid pro quo for ceasing to employ that force. As soon as he AA'ants more concessions, the process can be repeated. 