a-llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllilUIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIMIIItllllllllllllllllllllllllllllMIIIIIMIIIIlt, I Noted In Passing I Miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini ? in (By JAYWALKER)iiiiiniiiiiiiimiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiuir fHE new fog siren to be Installed at x Nobbys will be heard two miles out at sea. That sounds all right. o o o 'fpHE comfort of children In schools has x always been overlooked,' says Current Opinion, naturally askance at the paradox of n Minister for Education working In an air-conditioned room, and schoolklds shivering if they neglect to carry their own kindling wood to school. But look at It this way Is there any other way to stir the kids' ambition, make 'em look up to the shining heights nnd dream and plan some day to soar and become Ministers of State and sit In nice warm rooms? Wo remember going to one of those chill, draughty rectangular huts they called a school back In clghteen-nlnety-some- ? thing. When it got too cold for teacher, he'd detail a party of us to go out in the bush nnd collect firewood. One day a thankless boy brought in half-a-dozen bull dog ants In a mntchbox and released them to thaw out in the fireplace. Teacher stood in front of the fire warming his coat tails until— ? Well, the celerity with which he left the room and returned with a new pair . of pants, a new quince stick, showed us that there are more ways than one of warming a seat of learning. But after that he got his own firewood. o o o IMMIGRATION from Denmark Is pro x posed for Australia. If this comes off, we might get British Governments to give better preference to Australian butter. So long as we branded It Danish. o o o JTERR BRINKMANN, secretary' of the ?™ Economics Ministry at Berlin, hopes that Britain will '.'keep a cool head' on the subject of Austrian debts. The Brlnkmann philosophy preaches that the cool head should conveniently follow the cool cheek, the frozen mitt, the thick hide and the helluva nerve that /are revealed In the actions of hot heads that wouldn't be nearly so hot if they hadn't such abiding faith in the other fel low's ability to keep cool about it. O O O T'iHE Second Test also ended In a draw ?*? and we are all still assailed by doubts. ? There's so much of trouble brewing That it puzzles me and you What the fates are reallr doing To the Lion or the 'Roo ? The bowler spins ihe leather And the batsman blocks or clouts Just fears, and possibilities And certainties and doubts ? And yet our chief reactions are With less on trouble fraught— For knowing such distractions are A part of noble sport I . If fate were not instilling Doubt and certainly and fear Twould not be half so thrilling Just to listen in and cheerl O 0 O 'MOW we know what those Initials x^ mean: — Drawn Game Bradman. O ? O ipHOSE Newcastle Beach Icebergs may x think, in their non-shivering pride, that they're the coldest-blooded folk on earth. But Paulette Goddard, the film star, has announced that she Is off to Reno, Nevada, 'to form a sM-club'— and the . whole world knows that Rerio Is 'one of the hot spots where snowballs wouldn't prosper. romance with Chaplin has ended In a state of glaciatlon, which she thinks to SDread over the whole lnndscape of Nevada? O a O AT the B.H.P. award hearing: — ?'?' Judge Cantor: 'Do vou think it neces sarv to have annual holidays?' Witness: 'Well, I generally put on half a stone.' Payment for weighting time? O ? O 'JAPANESE entrepreneurs, engaged In ° shipping and munitions, have become very rich by means of the war,' says a traveller. Which proves that the Orient has now reached the very highest stage of Occi dental civilisation. WEATHER forecasts describe the prob ** nble results of a coming disturbance. It should begin with a spell of fine wea ther; next, showers of rain, accompanied, perhaps, by thunder; finally, stormy winds with severe cold. 'Alack,' says the well-known scientist, Archibald Grubb, to his daughter Chrysa lis, 'these climatic vicissitudes seem to me to be an epitome of human life, especially In the marital relation. 'When first I married your dear mother, my child, there was a halcyon season or sunshine. We basked and played and fondled. Then a change came. It was i caused, In the first place, by some scien tific experiments I made concerning tho physiological effects of alcohol; ? a study which detained me until 1 a.m. at the club several nights running. 'Your excellent mother made her pro test with showers of tears nnd thunder ous reproaches. I hastened back to the club to resume my laboratory tests. 'Thus there ensued a spell of Icy cold ness, enduring over a week or 10 days. 'More or less, I found that this was the history of every friend's . marriage as well as my own.' 'I guess you deserved It, Dad,' said Chrysalis. O O- O TiyHO says a woman cannot be logical ' and sweetly reasonable? Countess Hutton-Haugwltz Reventlow says she will not claim alimony if she divorces the Count. And she has onlv about 10 millions of her own money left. O © O f)NE o'f the most envied men In this State w Is Mr. Walter Gale, the amateur as tronomer. He discovered 'Gale's Periodical Comet,' which Is named after him, and now re appears (though nobody can see It with out a telescope) after a lapse of 11 years. Do you not wish that the Gale Comet system could be applied to your ordinary life, making things recur only once in 11 years? 'Henry.' says Mrs. Henpeck to her hus band, 'your boots look frightfully shabby. / When did you last hav6 them cleaned?' ? ? 'Eleven years ago, on the Gale Comet System,' says Henry. Then comes n letter from Mr. Ernie McMahorr, Commissioner of Income Taxes: 'To Mr. X.Y.Z. Flapdoodle, Citizen.— Dear Sir. Please take note that you are In liability for £11 lls lid: and If same Is not Dald within Eleven Years, you will be liable to a fine of £11, after the next Eleven Years.' And your wife says, about the cigarette burn on the table. 'Very well: 111 mention It to you again after 11 years.' Would to heaven that all we suffering men were Gale Comets! , o e o TT SEEMS that there Is no end to the ramf ?*? flcatlons of the Test Match fever in Australia. We hear that it has taken an elaborate tufa with the boarders at one of the Great Schools down South. On certain evenlnors these boys are al lowed to stay up till 10.30 pjn. to hear radio descriptions of Test play. After that, the school retires to slumber — or so It Is assumed. In a dormitory, however, there functions a conroact crystal wireless set. Throughout the stMly watches of the winter's night, one- . hour Aifts of listening are maintained, and the progress scores written .down by the lleht of an electric torch. When Smith Minor completes his turn at the head-phones he awakens Brown Tertlus, hands over, and goes to sleep. The result Is that the whole dormitory ' knows the stumps sJore before the school rising bell clangs In the morning. 