COMBATING PESTS ? : m SOME ODD NOTES STEAM ROLLERS TO STOP PLAGUE OF LOCUSTS Rats killed, '400 young turkeys be longing to Dr. Harry Fuller, a gentle man who rims a large poultry farm in the American State of Indiana. He tried poison, he tried traps, he tried cats, but all in vain. At last he had a bright idea. He got a cheap wireless set and installed it in the poultry yard. The loud speaker runs full blast night and day. The ^ rats stay away, but the turkeys don ^t mind a bit. This recalls, the case of the Calif or- niah nursery gardener, Marie Hutson, who 'used a vacuum cleaner to clear up a plague of locusts which was de vouring his crops. The experiment was quite, successful. Another place that was plagued with locusts was Nagykoro, in Hungary. The farmers applied for help to the Minister of Agriculture, but the de lay was so great that they took mat ters into their own hands. They, com mandeered all the steam-rollers in .the district, and drove them across the fields, ' crushing locusts by the million. In this way the plague was checked. Ingenious folk are always ready to use for their own purposes articles which were never made or meant for such objects. The most amusing case of the sort was that of the Danish apprentice, Bertil Hjelmstrom, who deserted from the sailing ship 'C. B. Pedersen' in the captain's bath. The bath, a large wooden affair, was fitted by Bertil with an outrigger and a sail, and, 'after a voyage of six hours, the boy successfully reached Darnley Is land, where he was promptly arrested as a prohibited immigrant. Old- fashioned cannon-balls are used for 'blasting' in a Vermont slate quarry. ; An ingenious Yankee dis covered that these old iron balls could be made use of, and this was how he did it. A cleft was opened with a crowbar, then a couple of small cannon-balls were dropped into '- it. As the partly loosened, block is joggled back and_ forth with the crowbars the balls drop lower until larger ones can be inserted. By-and-bye the block 'Trops out, completely severed. Then it is rolled away on cannon-balls instead of wooden rollers, the advantage being that they will roll in any direction, while a block on wooden rollers can only go straight ahead. He: 'You can always tell when a woman has told tall she knows about a piece of neighborhood gossip.' She: 'How?' He: 'She concludes with: 'I should be glad to tell you all about, but my lips are sealed* ' ' 