Domestics For The i Country Information gained by inquiries made by the secretary of the Graziers' Federal Council of Australia (Mr. P. A. Brown) to discover the possibility of obtaining country domestics from Europe for Australia suggests that there is very littlie likelihood, if any, of large-scale immigration from that source. Replies were received from the vari ous consulates as follow: ROYAL SWEDISH CONSULATE-GENERAL : There is a shortage of domestic servants in Sweden itself, and as conditions there are rather better than conditions in this country, I do not think that there is much possibility of obtaining immigrants from Sweden. ROYAL DANISH CONSULATE-GENERAL : 1 have received no advice from my Government about negotiations which appear to have taken place be* tween Sir Earle Page and the Danish authorities, but it would appear that from a later statement by the Prime Minister of the Commonwealth, that the Federal Government does not intend to grant any financial assistance to settlers from the North' crn European countries. I am therefore afraid that it will not appeal to Danish citizens to emi grate to Australia, paying their own fares and in* curring quite a number of other expenses. If, however, your council should be interested in get ting Danish domestics to come out to this coun try. and the council would provide in some way or another for the passage of the immigrants, and arrange for their employment in Australia for a period. I shall be willing to submit 6uch a plan to my Government, which, with the assistance of the Danish Emigration Department, would undoubted ly be willing to co-operate. NORWEGIAN CONSULATE-GENERAL: I do not think that there is any likelihood of Norweg ian immigrants coming out here for domestic ser vice, mainly because Norwegians serving in that capacity at home would not possess the money to pay their passage out here nor have the necessary | amount to be allowed to enter Australia. However, if yoo have any suggestion to make in this con- I I nection, I will be very glad to submit your inquiry I to the authorities in Norway. CONSULATE OF FINLAND: Last year, when ! immigrants were again permitted to come to Aus tralia. a smaller number of immigrants, approxi mately 100, came from Finland. They were most ly women, and as far as I know, they were not but preferred to work as miners, cane cotters, car penters. etc. There fnay be girls on farms in Fin land who would be willing to come and work at anxious to obtain employment as domestic servants domestic servants in the country areas here, but you would probably need ro pay their fares out. and in such cases die employer would expect them I to stay in their service a longer time, which I might often cause difficulties. The Government of I Finland does not encou^ge immigration in any I way. 