NORDIC MIGRANTS "MAY BE HARD TO FIND." Sólütión of Population Problem Doübtéd. Even ii Aüstralia eventually decider to sèék foreign Immigrants of Nordic stock, as suggested in a message from Canberra, it is unlikely that this move will solve her population problems, ac- cording to the Consular representatives ot northern Éùropèan cóüritrlés, who said yesterday that Australia, would probably find considerable difficulty in inducing suitable citizens in those coilritrles to leave their hornes and their friends to start life in a new land. In at least one country, inquiries lór new séttlérs might not bé welcomed by, the Govi erhment, arid in most of the others living con- ditions, effective wages, and hours arid con- ditions of labour are claimed to be Just as good as in Australia. In most of them, ¿ko. lhere is little unemployment. Ali Consular représentatives agreed that, the great flow of Nordic çitteèiùi from their own countries, wUich. in the last century, tool: minions of people to North and South América. and also Into western and centrai Europe, bad now ceased, possibly for ¿vcr. it was sug^ gested, however, that Australia might find good settlers, from some of the beät stock tri the world, among Nordics who Had, áiréady* migrated to other countries-for example, - the jJnltcd States, the large German settlements in Paraguay arid Brazil, and the dérman minorities in central Europe and Soviet Russia. "LITTLE INDUCEMENT." Th* Consul-General for Denmark, Dr. George Host, skid that, although the. Danish Government would place no obstacles in the way, there was little Inducement for Danes to come to Australia, In view of the prosperity iii their own country. If lt, proved possible, the details of migration would naturally have t<> be worked out with care, to ensure that new settlers had reasonable prospects of em- ployment. , . , Thc Acting Consul-General for Norway, Mr. Storakcr, said that no Norwegians had come to Australia for years. Social legislation in Norway was quite as advanced as In Aus- tralia, and living conditions were good. Consular representatives for Sweden nnd Holland spoke.in almost identical terms of con- ditions in their own countries. "I do not know whether there are many Germans in Germany who would want to come to Australia," said the Consul-Général for Germany. Dr. Asmls. "but if Australia want?1 more German stock of the type which has built np so many fine areas in this country 1 think she could pet lt. GERMANS IN RUSSIA. "In Russia, lor example, tn the Baltic pro- vinces, are more than 1.000,000 Germans, des- cendants of colonists who went there in the last century at the invitation of the Russian Impérial Government. They are the old Ger- mans, pious, industrious, and good farmers Just the type who came lo Australia-and 1 believe that many would seize the chance to come here, if they could get it, "There are also German settlements in othci countries which have retained their own cul- ture, and from among which excellent migrante might be found." 