Current Topics (From Our 3ptdil RtpraitnUIIvt) TROUBLE IN U.A.P The growing dissatisfaction in the ranks of the U.A.P., mentioned some time ago in this column, appears to be coining to a head. Cabinet Ministers are worried, for the trouble is quite sufficient to wreck the Government and bring about anothei election if oil is not poured on the troubled waters. For a time it wan thought that certain pressure brought to bear .on dissatisfied member» would effectively silence {hem in the House, but events have proved othei wise. Although U.A.P. members would tertainly think twice about voting with the Opposition on an important matter it is known that serious consideration will be given to voting against. 'the Government it Cabinet continues to ignore members of the Party. The attack by Mr. Bate, the South Coast member, wai n»t unexpected'. Mr. Bate wanted the Speakership given to Mr. Weaver and his assertions concerning (certain promises and statements made by the Premier, through the metroi politan press, together with the Premier's denials, are well remem bered. The addition of Messrs Ross and Lee to the anti-Stevens secti>n however, was a bit of a surprise, especially as Mr. Lee is an ex-Cabinet Minister himself. That the ex-Chief Secretary Mr. Chaffey, kept quiet is not to be wandered at, in the circumstances. An attack on the Government by him might be construed' as personal spleen. His feelings on the subject however, are no secret. The section of the U.A.P. that is in revolt against the system of Government by Cabinet instead of Parliament is determined that there shall be consultation of party members on all fuïure legislation. There is a good deal of public support of the attitude, and it is expected that Cabinet will eventually climb down. COMPULSORY TRAINING— Suggestions made in the Senate during the week that compulsory military training should be re-introduced shows the trend of certain political thought, and lends color to the statements made by the Labor Party that compulsory training is being definitely considered, and thai it will be re-introduced at the first suitable opportunity. Senator Sampson, (U.A.P., Tasmania) is reported to have said in the Senate, "We should do the fair thing by oui young men, and give them oppor. tunity for training," at the same time urging the restoration of compulsory training. Any such move would result in Commonwealth wide protests, and, for the time being, at any rate, there is little liklihood of any change in the present voluntary system of train in g whereby any young man can get all the military-training he want-; Both the Prime Minister and Mr. Thorby arc emphatic that they have not given serious thought to the matter. POPLATION PROBLEM— The statement of the Prime Minister a few days ago that the Commonwealth Government had no intention of beginning schemes ot assisted migration from any country other than Britain might, at first glance, seem to be quite in conformity with the White Australia policy. On closer analysis, however it does not appear to be quite av wise as it sounds. Both Holland and Denmark would welcome migration agreements, similar to that which exists between Italy and Australia. Thé fact is that about 6,000 io 7,000 Italians are pouring into Australia yearly, inter-marrying, and constantly adding to the strength of the "Little Italy" they Have formed. Both Dutch and Danish imigrants would make excellent vitizens, and their children would be indistinguish. able from Australians i nevery _e spect, which is more than can be said of the southern Europeans coming into the country. One of Aust ralia's greatest problems is population and failing the arrival of a sufficient number of Australian babies yearly, there are many of the opinion that batches of Dutch, Danish, and even German migrants would be to the benefit of the nation. The language difference would be removed in 3 generation. Those who criticise tho Federal Government over its immigration policy certainly seem to have plenty of material to work on. 40 HOUR WEEK— Whether employers like it or not, and whetfllr or not industry can stand it, the opinion is strongly oxpressed in trade union circles that a 40 hour week for the majority ot workers throughout the Commonwealth is not far distant. Many unions are going to court in the near future for a revision of theii' awards and in almost every case a 40 hour week is claimed, opposed, of course, by t.he employers. In fact, conditions have been made paramount practically in every new log. Wages are more or less a secondary consideration. The unions are not very hopeful of immediate success in getting a 40 hour week, but union secretaries say that the writing is on the wall, and that the shorter week is inevitable. DUTY COMES FIRST— • There are many who envy Mr. Lyons his Prime Ministership. There are also many who don't. Being a Prime Minister isn't all beer ana skittles. For instance, Mr. Lyons went to Sydniey last week-end with some of his family to relax. He didn't. As soon as it was known he was in town there were demands upon him, and, rather wearily h? put duty first ; After a more or less busy Saturday he decided. to go to a play with his family at night. Instead, he spoke at a dinner. Hii complaint is that he has to talk politics in public when he is sick and tired of even the sound of the word î and he has to be very careful just what he says. TOO COLD FOR CRIME- Strange as it may seem, the cold spell Sydney has been having has practically wiped out crime in ihe metropolis, according to police reports, The fact is, it is far too chilly for burglars and tTïugs. The former find it difficult to isteal from houses these nights when whole families stay home by the fireside, and thugs cannot stand the discomfort of waiting in fhe cold for victims. In four days last weelt there was only one theft reported, and that was an overcoat. 