STEAM ROLLERS USED I TO STOP PLAGUE OF LOCUSTS Rats killed 400 young turkeys belong ing to Dr Harry Fuller, a gcntlemai who runs a large poultry farm in th American State of Indiana. He trio« poison, he tried traps, he tried cats, bu1 all in vain. At last bc had a bright idea. H got a cheap wireless set and installed i in the poultry yard. The loud-spcakei runs full blast night and day. Tb rats stay away, but the turkeys don'' mind a bit. This recalls the case of the Califarn ian nursery gardener, Mark Huteon who used a vacuum cleaner to clear u| a plague of locusts which was devouring bis crops. The experiment was quito successful. I Another place that was plagued witl locusts was Xagykoro, in Hungary. Thi farmers applied for help to the Minis ter for Agriculture, but the delay wai so great (hat they took matters lute theri own hands. They commandecrci all the steamrollers in the district, arc drove them aeroBs the ficldB, crashing locusts by the million. In this waj the plague was checked." Ingénions folk are always ready tc usc for their own purposes articlci which were never mode or meant foi such objects. Thc most amusing case of the sort was that of the Danish ap- prentice, Bertil Hjelmstrom, who de- serted from the sailing ship C. B. Pedersen in the captain's hath. Thc bath, ti large wooden affair, was fitted by Bertil with an outrigger and a sail, and, after a voyage of six hours, tht boy successfully reached Darnley Island, where be was promptly arrested as s prohibited Immigrant. Old-fashioned cannon-balls ore used for "blasting" in a Vermont elate quarry. An ingenious Yankee dis- covered that these old iron balls could j be made use of, and this was how he did it. i A cleft was opened with a crowbar,! then a couple of small cannon-balls j were dropped into it. As the partly | loosened block is joggled back and forth with the crowbars the balls drop lower until laffer ones can be in- serted. By-and-by the Kock drops out, | completely severed. Then it is rolled away on cannon-balls instead of wooden rollers, the advantage being that they will roll in any direction while a block on wood rollers can only go straight ahead. j 