DANISH SEAMEN. Desertion Charges at Fremantle. A pleasant surprise awaited three young Danish seamen in the Fremantle Police Court yesterday, when, after being placed in the dock to answer charges of having deserted from the freighter Nordpol, at Fremantle, on June 13, they were told that they were free to go as the charges against them had been withdrawn by the shipping company. Mr. W. Eddy (for the Customs Department), raised no objection. The men were Knud Ras mussen (18), Peter Clemen Neilsen (20), and Borge Hansen (21). The bench was occupied by Messrs. H. J. Craig, B.M, and A. E. Pady, J.P. Not so fortunate was Paul Leo Aasting (40), ship's officer from the same vessel, who also came ashore and was arrested by two Customs officers at Fremantle on June 20, three days after the ship sailed. In evidence, Mr. Eddy said that upon his arrest Aasting was given the usual dic tation test, but failed to pass it. He was then charged with being a prohibited Im migrant. Mr. Craig: What was the language used? Witness: Italian. Mr. Craig: If you had given it to him in Chinese it would have been the same thing. "It was my intention to settle here and buy some land," said Assting in per feet English when asked why he had left his ship. Mr. Craig: That is bad luck for you. Your first settlement will be on top of the hill. I have no alternative. You will be sentenced to three months' gaol pending deportation. Questioned afterwards, the Consul for Denmark (Mr. P. H. Fraenkel) said that employment for one of the three younger men had already been obtained on a property in the hills, he was caring for one of them himself and the third would be looked after by the Rev. E. G. Bens ey, of the Sailors' Rest, Fremantrle. Jobs would be sought for these two men and they would go to them as soon as they were available. Topical Photographs.--Snaps of un usual incidents, accidents, etc., will be welcomed by "The Western Mail" If promptly delivered to the Editor. Here is a chanfe for the alert amateur who wishes make money. 