Our Sydney Letter . THE STATE LOTTERY The reasoning of the Premier and certain of his Cabinet Ministers on the subject of the State lottery is in deed difficult to follow, and their ways hard to understand. On the one hand Messrs. Stevens and Co. com plain of the cost to the Government of hospital administration and point out that the. lottery, although showing more than £800,000 last year is in sufficient to keep the hospitals, throw ing a heavy burden on Government fi nances. On the other hand the same Messrs. Stevens and Co. refuse in horrified accents to increase the size of the lottery and add to its profits, bring it into line with lotteries in other States, and keep in New South Wales the money sent but of It. And this despite representations to . the contrary made by' the Hospitals As sociation. The Premier would move for the abolition of the lottery, but fears to do so because of its popular ity, shown every day by the thousands who jostle and wait in long queues .at the lottery office to buy tickets. On the question of the moral rights and wrongs of the lottery no more need be said than this: The lottery is either right or it is wrong. If it is right then let us have bigger totter ies for the benefit of subscribers and hospitals. If it is wrong then let us nboiish the one we have and find some other way to keep the hospitals. Gambling in a small tottery is clearly just as wrong — or just as right — as gambling in a bigger one. THE POLITICAL PENDULUM Strange the swing of the < political , pendulum! Not so long ago the State U.A.P. was a model of unity with a seeming mortgage on thekc&is; of government for many yeaivto conte, opposed only as it was by a 'divided Labor Party. To-day, that unity is 'gone, either temporarily or perman ently, and it might not he an exagger ation to say that the U.A.P.' is not auch a great deal better off than the Labor Party, except that the former has more parliamentary- strength. Nor are rival Labor leaders, Lang anod Heffron, letting any grass grow un der their feet. For once they are more or less united in a common pur pose — an effort to get the skids un der Mr. Stevens and his Government. Both are using their respective news papers to this end. Lang started the rumour, with the aid of one who knew, that the Premier would shortly be come Sir Bertram and would accept a lucrative position abroad with Lord Nuffield. The fact that Nuffield was for a time the personal guest of the Premier lent colour to the story. The rumour was taken up immediately by the Heffron following. If Mr. Stev ens does go it will probably be a race to the premiership- between Messrs. Spooner and Martin, with the former the favourite. Incidentally, the de nials that there has been formed a definite anti-Stevens faction, compris ed of certain members of the parlia mentary U.A.P., published in the met ropolitan press, cannot disguise the fact that that faction is there. The bitterest critics of the Premier are Messrs. Chaffey, Sliand and Bate, for obvious reasons. Cabinet is more than n little, worried over the position, and It is known that more than one secret meeting has been held to discuss the situation. Efforts liiay he made to placate the more irate opponents of Cabinet. ABOLISHING PARLIAMENTS The abolition of State Parliaments .has often been discussed and fre quently held to be desirable, but the majority of people have realised that asking State members to abolish their jobs and commit political suicide wu6 asking the impossible. Now, how- I ever, a brand new political body has been formed in Sydney— it will be known as the Australian Independent League — which will work with this end in view. It will also try to unite the independent political forces in the Stale and seek redress in such mat ters as taxation, high cost of Govern ment, machine politics, and delegated government. Having been united into a party, however, it would seem that the independents might cease to be come Independents. The League will have many supporters, though, in any move to abolish State Parliaments, leaving only the Commonwealth to govern the land. After all, good ad ministration is more to he desired than multiplicity of laws and accumu lation of taxes and departmental costs. As the late Sir Henry Parkes put it, the best thing for a nation was "fe.w laws and those laws em bodying sound principles of universal application." THAT S.P. LEGISLATION It Is doubtful' whether Cabinet's projected S.P. legislation will be any thing but a dismal failure. Mr. Leo (U.A.P., Drummoyne), an ex-Minister of Justice, expresses the opinion that the Bill will never see the light, of day in the House, and that even it' it doeB it will he altered so drastically, with the support of many of the rank and file of the U.A.P., thut Cab inet will not want to push on with it. After all the talk and publicity it will be difficult for Cabinet to back down'; and shelve the Bill without even presenting it to the House, and indications are that-Cabinet will go ahead with its plans, even in the face of 'the threatened opposition, from with in the party. Tthe Bill, however, will have a stormy passage, and alleg ations that Cabinet consulted the A.J.C. and certain race clubs in ve- gard lo some of the provisions in the Bill will be freely made. One argu ment certain to be used against the measure, and possibly in favour of a limited number of licensed S.P. shops, will be the position of those followers of racing in the country. That every country town, without exception, has its S.P. operators, is an open secret, and if these, by drastic legislation, are driven out of business, the huge number of country bettors will he without facilities to back their fane- cies, since they cannot come down to Sydney to attend race meetings, nor be expected to do so.' It is held in certain quarters that it would be bet ter if country people were denied facilities to bet on city race meetings, but the moral rights and wrongs of S.P. betting are, of course, a different matter, and one for individual argu ment. One fact emerges clearly. The majority of politicians, including the rank and file of all parties, and quite a few Cabinet Ministers as well, would tike to see the whole matter dropped, and the law administered in the fu ture as it has been in the past with out further parliamentary action. Hu mourously enough S.P. bets can he placed in Parliament HouBe itBelf on any race day, and quite a few mem bers have their private "flutter." A FALSE ALARM From the publicity given to the £16,000,000 drop in the Common wealth wool cheque this year and the statements made about it anyone would think it was a. national calam ity and the forerunner of another de pression. Nothing could he further i'rom the truth and the alarm is a false one. There has been no drop in the market and .even if tho wool export was tower the average prices realised were on a par with those of last year and better than the aver age over the last five yeai-B. Less wool was sold, but plainly waB held over and will go to swell this year's export which may yet prove a. record. Furthermore, the wool export was less than last year but higher than many other years since 1930. Again, what has been tost in wdol lias been made up by increases in other ex ports, notably gold, wheat, and but ter. That there are some threats to prosperity cannot be denied. In Syd ney higher rents, food prices, and gen eral cost of living have decreased ! the spending power of the public, while another threat is the Blowing up of building which will soon become no ticeable, caused by the increased cost of building material. As yet, however, there is little need to be un duly pessimistic about the future. Pessimism often proves to he the twin brother of depression. THE SPEED LIMIT It is seldom that an opposition is behind the Government it opposes, and it is even rarer to find the State Labor Party behind the Premier, ht any move in the State Parliament to remove the 30-mile-an-liour speed limit will be opposed by Labor which will vote, if need be, with the Government, or at any rate with Cabinet, to retain tills much criticised legislation. THE WRONG TYPE While it is true thut Australia must liuve more population, the action of the Federal Goveo-nment in allowing the influx of Southern Europeans to continue is having a harmful effect on Australian industry and Australian employment which must grow worse as time goeB on. The remarks in Syd ney lust week of the Chief Industrial Magistrate, when fining Italians for breaches of industrial awards, are, unfortunately, only too true. He said that some industries were passing out of Australian into foreign hands, add ing that this was due to the Inability of honest Australians, to compete with tho low standard of wages and condi tions of those supplanting them. It Is a serious matter to the nation and to every State. Yet tho Federal Gov ernment continues to open the gates of the Commonwealth to the horde of the Southern Europeans who knock thercou each year, hut holts and bars thoes same gates to Dutch, Danish, German, and other immigrants, who would not he foreigners for long, and who would make far more desirable citizens than those aliens who flock into tlie country und compete unfair ly againBt Australians by setting up conditions which would ho hardly ac- ceptable even to the Eastern races. Let us have immigration by all means hut by all means let us have the right type of immigrant, or none at all. 