SUGGESTION | FOR NORTHERN EUROPEANS FOR AUSTRALIA LONDON, June 23. The political correspondent of the Australian Associated Press says that he has learned that tho report on mleratlon from the Over8eas Settle- ment Board, which has been received by the British Government and which will be published next week, specifi cally suggests that the Dominions (meaning Australia, which the report recognises as .the only Dominion so far reopening immigration) should absorb Northern Europeans and Scan dinavians. They are recommended In the event of the likelihood of the unavailability of sufficient Britons of the type which the Commonwealth requires. The Inference from the recommen dation is that Northern Europeans would counter the Southern Euro peans, Including Italians, who are going to Australia In increasing num- ers. The report does not reveal any epoch-making schemes, and does not envisage any immediate expansion in Australia to the extent of materially altering the population position within a decaae. It emphasises that it would be a mistake to arouse false and ex aggerated hopes of large scale trans planting of populations. However, the Government attaches great import ance to the document for which it is elaborately preparing for world-wide publication in the light of the "have not" nations' territorial ambitions, COMMONS MOTION. A special article foreshadowing the report is appearing in to-morrow's "York- ' shiro Observer" and allied publications with which Lord Barnby is associated. It says that the interests now existing is reflected in the motion proposed by over 210 members of the House of Com mons, that' "The time has arrived for an early resumption of the movement of population within the Empire, and for urging the British Government to invite the Dominions to make early prepara tions for approved schemes." The article says that with little pos sibility of migration to Canada, New Zealand and South Africa, the problem boils down to the supply of Britons to Australia, which is failing to keep pace with its population needs. Defence, it adds, has influenced the Common wealth's decision and will have an im portant bearing on the types chosen for the new resettlement scheme. The National Insurance Bill is regarded as a good start to encourage migration, but it may have to be widely extended if migration is to appeal to skilled workers who are the essential stock for the Dominions- It is emphasised that Australia ob viously is under-populated. but the German suggestion that the Common wealth's capacity should be 200,000,000 before the end of the century is dis counted as fantastic. Sir E. Page Urges Danish Farmers To Go to Australia The "Daily Telegraph's" Copenhagen correspondent says that the leader of the Australian delegation (Sir Earle Page) in ,a statement to the newspapers said: "I have heard about Danish migration to Venezuela. I do not understand why Danish farmers do not go to Australia, where the conditions are much better. "We are eqger for many Danish farmers. "My talk with the Danish Emigration Department convinced we that an Aus tral- Danish agreement will be reached." 