FOREIGNERS AS IMMIGRANTS British Board's Proposal EMPIRE'S POPULATION Australian Associated Press LONDON, June 29. — For the first time in history a board appointed by the British Government has suggested that the Dominions should absorb .foreigners. In one of the frankest reports ever issued nn migration the British Government's Oversea Settlement Board expresses alarm at the decline in the white popula tions of the Empire, and suggests that Britain may not be able to supply sufficient settlers. Therefore the report commends the Dominions to admit, in addition to British settlers, a carefully regulated flow of foreigners of assimilable types, preferably from countries whose inhabitants come from the same stock as ourselves. The report declares that 'the problem of strengthening the Em pire by migration from the United Kingdom to the Dominions, is diffi cult and urgent, and cannot prop erly be envisaged in isolation. A wide bacljground of facts, includ ing international aspects, must be taken into account. 'The problem can be solved only If the Governments and people, realise Its importance and co- opera-'te whole heartedly ? in reaching a solution. 'It is only from the viewpoint of strengthening the Empire as a whole that the encouragement of migration from the United Kingdom can be justified. 'The position of the Dominions, as relatively thinly-populated areas fac ing a highly competitive world, de mands that their natural increase in population should be supplemented by Immigration.' The board urges that this should occur immediately, while Britain still is able to supply migrants. Population Trend It is emphasised that it is a pro found misconception to say that migration Is a cure for unemploy ment and the economic depression. Such a contention will only harden the Dominions in their attitude and give migration a bad name. 'The fact is,' continued the report, 'if the present population trend con tinues, the Empire's population will become stationary and then will dim inish rapidly. The number of people of old age will Increase, leaving a smaller proportion of active people to carry on the work. 'The world does not understand the position. . It thinks the Empire is idopting a dog in the manger atti ;ude, and this is contributing to the vorld insecurity.' A planned policy, it is pointed out, is jssential to produce a regular flow of nigrants from Britain, and this re juires that Britain and the Dominions ihould equitably share the financial Diirdens. Migration could not be regarded as a natter for bargaining and should not se directly related to the question of ncreased markets for .dominions' pro iuce, nor as a set-off against the in troduction of a given amount of capital. Opportunities for the invest ment of United Kingdom- capital in the Dominions must result from the policy of Dominion Governments. The report opposes land settlement schemes apart from very exceptional circumstances, approves of Australia's infiltration policy, approves of the social insurance schemes in Australia, New Zealand, and Canada, advocates Increased communications between Bri tain and the -Dominions, and the ex changes of visits, including organised visits by workers and school children. The board, which was appointed 'to consider and advise the Secretary of State for the Dominions on specific proposals for emigration schemes within the Empire,' took two years and five months to compile its report. The report is signed by the Duke of Devonshire (until recently Lord Hart ington, and as Parliamentary Under Secretary for the Dominion, chairman of the board), Messrs. E. G. Machtig (vice-chairman of the Oversea Settle ment Department, Dominions Office), A. O. Waterfield (principal Assistant Secretary, the Treasury). E. T. Crutch ley (Public Relations Officer to the Post Office and formerly British Gov ernment representative for migration In Australia), the Dowager Marchioness of Reading, Professor Dr. W. G. S. Adams (warden of All Souls' College). Lord Barnby (the Bradford wool mag nate), Mr. George Gibson, and Mr. H. J. Mitchell. Dutch— Danish Schemes Courier-Mail Special Service LONDON, June 28.— The idea be hind the proposals for the migration of Danes and Dutchmen to Australia —in regard to which cable messages are now passing between London and Canberra — is that the migrants would not go into the really wide open spaces to grow wheat or to engage in sheep farming in the arid west. Instead they would work the under-used land in the better-watered zones, the Dutch specialising in the swamps and wetter areas and the Danes in consolidating and intensifying Australian fanning on the lines followed in Denmark. Sir Earlc Pago was most impressed by the way the Danes have reclaimed the Jutland heaths, and thinks that the application of their methods will increase, intensify, and diversify Aus tralian production. He was struck by the way the Danes use every square inch of land. They put land to the very edge of the rail wav lines under grass and crops, and Dee out cows on the pasture, moving the pegs as the grass is eaten up. Since 100,000 people are on the dole in Den mark the farms, which mostly are very small, have been subdivided to the ex treme limit. It is believed that Denmark could spare numbers of farmers' sons, and this is very strongly suggested by the proposal for migration to Venezuela, a question over which a controversy is raging in Denmark. Already there are 6000 Danes in Australia, and the number might easily 3e doubled. Britain has 7000 Danes, some of whom might go to Australia. The proposal to secure farming migrants is not universally supported 3y economists and experts. Professor Allan Fisher (professor of International Economics, Royal Institute of Inter national Affairs), in his recent 3ook, 'The Clash of Progress and Security,' asserts that the Common wealth's primary industry will need fewer and fewer' workers; and that Australia ought to be building up an Industrial, not a rural, society. 