Annulling Aryan-Jew Marriages VIENNA, April 13. The "Daily Telegraph's" Vienna correspondent states that the first divorce on racial grounds since the Anschluss has been an nounced in a Vienna court. It will be followed by many others. The petitioner is the director of a big Vienna business who joined the Nazi Party and sought a divorce from his Jewish wife, to whom he had been married for 17 years, on the ground t h a t "invincible aversion" prevented him from living with her any longer. The court, summing up, declared that a member of the party, of which anti-Semitism was one of its key points, could not be expected to live harmoniously with a Jewish wife. Jews at Theatre The "Daily Mail's" Vienna correspon dent states that during a performance at a large cinema storm-guards marched in and ordered all Jews sit ting with Aryan girls to stand up. Those obeying were marched out. Other men with Jewish features were forced to produce their identity papers. A Rome message states that no short girls, no bespectacled girls, and no blondes will be permitted in the ranks of uniformed girl Fascists participat ing in the marches past during Herr Hitler's visit to Rome. It adds that all must be tall, good- looking, and black-haired, the aim being to make the demonstration "All Italian." It is understood that Dr. Schusch nigg, former Chancellor of Aust~a, has been transferred to a German con centration camp at Dachau, where all other Austrian political prisoners al ready have been sent. It is also be lieved that legal consultations as to whether a case could be established against Schuschnigg resulted nega tively. Shots in Parliament As the Minister for Justice (M. Steincke) was speaking in the Cham ber of Deputies yesterday a young man in the public gallery fired two shots at him from a revolver. Neither of them was effective. The man, who was arrested, said that he wanted to make a demonstration against the immigration law, which was being debated. It was learned later that he was Erik Westergard, aged 24 years, a for mer Communist, who is now a Nazi. Immediately the shots were fired the Speaker stopped the proceedings, but Mr. Steincke told him that it was un necessary to take any action. "I am used to these shootings," he added, referring to an incident that occurred in Parliament in 1930, when a man fired at him without iniuring him. Were Narrow-Minded The "Times" Copenhagen correspon dent states that after the revolver in cident Pastor Schmidt, representing the German minority in Parliament, declared that the Danes were narrow minded in claiming that the present German-Danish frontier established by Versailles could be permanent when on the contrary, the Germans and Danes ought to discuss its revision. He added that Denmark need not be nervous in view of Austria's fate, as Germany did not intend to use force. Pastor Schmidt admitted that Ger mans enjoyed better cultural conditions in Denmark than elsewhere, but the position was completely unsatisfactory in principle. Dr. P. R. Munch (Foreign Minister) immediately replied that the frontier was not open for revision and added that all northern countries took the same view. He also referred to the forthcoming negotiations for military co-ordination between northern coun tries. Nazis of South Jutland are meeting to-day to examine an extensive pro gramme, including the demand for the reconnection of South Jutland with the German market. To Rome With Hitler Herr Hans Thomson, Counsellor at the German Embassy at Washington, has been summoned to Berlin to ac company Herr Hitler to Rome. 