NEWS in BRIEF A derailment occurred in the Bunbury railway yards last week, when portion of a goods train jumped a set of points. One track, loaded with apples, came to a standstill at right angles across the track and had to be unloaded before it could be returned to the rails. ♦ * * Nicholas Soulas, fisherman, was charged in the Bunbury Police Court last week with having used a net in closed waters and was fined £3 and Costs. The Magistrate (Mr. W. J. Wall work) warned Soulas, who had many previous convictions for similar offences that should he appear before the Court again he would receive a severe penalty. The net was confiscated. * * * I Wheat stacked at country sidings j on April 2 totalled 292.347 tons, of which 258,526 tons was in bulk, com- | pared with a total of 132.395 tons a i year earlier. j a a a | The dispute between two Yugo-: slavs concerning an alleged under- j taking by one, should his ticket in the | Charities Consultation win first prize to give the other £500 from the amount won, was settled in the Supreme Court last week, when Mr. Justice Draper ruled that such an agreement had been made and that £500 had to be paid to claimant, a a a Although prices ranged as high as 240 guineas and numerous animals changed hands at over 100 guineas each, the cattle sales at the conclusion of the Boyai Show, Sydney, last week, were conducted at a lower basis of values than ruled at these sales last year. * * # Edwin Sautelle (66), who had been secretary to a Cemetery Board at South Head (Sydney), for the past 18 years, was charged last week with misappropriation of the funds of the board to a general total of £40,000. It was stated that accused had forged wages sheets to make it appear that many more men were employed by the Board than actually was the case, and pocketed the extra wages so drawn. A second man was im plicated in the fraud, but he dropped dead on being presented with the warrant.. * * * After having attended the annual conference of the Egg Producers' Conference in Melbourne, the Secre tary of the poultry farmers' section of the P.P.A. (Mr. Davies) returned to Perth last week. He stated that plans had been prepared for an organised marketing system. These were to be referred to the producers' organisations in the several States for approval, a further conference being necessary later to finalise the scheme for placing the plans in operation. * * # The Japanese Shipping Exchange at Kobe announced recently that Japanese shipping under construction included 135 vessels of various types to a gross tonnage of 1,075,000 tons. The majority of these vessels are under 10,000 tons gross. * * • According to statistics recently published tin London, the nominal amount of British capital invested overseas at end of 1936 (the latest date for which information was available) was £3,764,000.000. It had been estimated that British invest ments in 1913 totalled £4.000,000,000. * * » The Tasmanian Education Depart ment last week announced its in tention to abolish the annual ex amination system, whereby a pupil's | standard of knowledge is set by 1 success or otherwise at the Junior; and Leaving examinations, and to substitute an accrediting system based on progress throughout the year. ♦ # # A Vienna message states that a Nazi measure against the Hapsburgs (the ex- Royal House of Austria) in cludes the-stoppage of the £12,000 a year allowed to Archduke Otto from his Austrian estates and the con fiscation of possessions owned by other members of the family. * * * An official statement from Bar celona states that in rebel air raids and bombardments between July, 1936, and March, 1938, 10.709 child? ren were killed and 15,320 were wounded in loyalist Spain. * • a When Peter Walton (10) was look ing at the animals attached to a travelling circus at Moss Vale (New South Wales), a leopard hooked its claws into the boy's juniper and pull ed him against the bars of the cage. An attendant saw the incident and ran to the boy's assistance. In the tug-of-war that ensued, the man was clawed down the scalp but the boy escaped with a lacerated finger and a torn jumper. * • • A New York message reports that the United States Naval Department had ordered part of the fleet manoeuvring in the Pacific to proceed to the Philippines, to investigate the presence of 22 mysterious vessels said to resemble Japanese destroyers. A Tokio message states it is probable that the vessels in question are fish ing vessels which have taken shelter off the Philippine coast from storms. The cost of the New Zealand ] Government's superannuation and health service proposals for the full year has been estimated at £17,850,- ! 000 rising to £21,000,000 in five years. This estimate was submitted recently to a parliamentary committee by the Government Actuary. * * * Ninety girls were rescued by fire men from the roof of; Jones' I.X.L. factory in Sydney last week, when a ! fire broke out in the fruit canning I department and caused, damage esti- i mated at several thousand pounds. ♦ * ♦ Dingoes and wild , dogs, which j graziers declare are half-bred Alsatians, are becoming so numerous and ferocious in East Gippsland' that I they are killing fully-grown cattle.; H, Hodge, of Gelantipy, stated that these dogs had killed on his run more j than 100 young Hereford cattle and mutilated hundreds more. ♦ * * During discussion in the Danish Parliament of new immigration legislation designed to prevent the entry of German Nazis into Den mark, a young Nazi fired several shots from a revolver but without injuring anyone. On being arrested with a number of companions he stated he had fired the shots to draw ! attention to the corruption and mis government of Parliament. * * ♦ A partially paralysed returned soldier (J. G. Langford) was instru mental in saving the life of a child in danger of drowning at SedclifFe, near Christchurch (N.Z.) He was fishing from a breakwater when he saw the child, face downwards in the water, drifting out to sea. He plunged in and succeeded in bringing the child to shore. ♦ * • While sliding down sand slopes in King's Park, Perth, Charles Mc Haines (13) came in contact with a sharp bamboo stake, which penetrated the lower part of his body. He was removed by ambulance to the Perth Hospital in a serious condition. * * % Missing from his &ome; at Swan son (N.Z.) for nearl# three months, the body of Robertf Spensley (60), farmer, was fonnd by a neighbour under a stack of hay. Deceased's son (19), who admitted the murder of his father, had lived alone on the farm during that period. The fact 4hat he jbad been. j&XBng.the; stock and wasting the proceeds first drew attention to the absence of Spensley. * * * The appeal by Japanese owners against the arrest and confiscation some months ago of three Japanese pearling luggers will be heard at i Darwin on 21st April. Common wealth officials on the survey ship Moresby, accompanied by the coastal patrol boat Larrakia, have just re turned from an inspection of the localities in which the luggers were arrested. * * * Warwick House, the well-known hostel at Mandurah, was totally destroyed by fire last week. The outbreak occurred shortly after mid night and the occupants of the build ing escaped with little more than the clothes they stood up in. * * ♦ The appearance at the Mission Station, Warburton Ranges, of three ! working camels with bells and hobble straps has given rise to the fear that they have wandered from the camp of an overlander or prospector in Central Australia. Police are making exhaustive inquiries regarding pros pecting parties which may have left centres in this State or South Aus tralia during the past two years. A world record of 147 successive loops in a glider was achieved by a British R.A.F. officer at Cairo last week. He had been towed to a height of 15,400 feet by an aeroplane and returned safely to ground in a series of loops, landing two miles from the aerodrome. * * * "While walking over the railway crossing at Boundary Road, Midland Junction, on Thursday afternoon, Mary Ann Smith (79) was struck by a shunting train and fatally injured. * * * As indicating the impartiality of the British munition manufacturer, it was stated in the House of Commons last week that in the past six months arms exported to China were valued at £183.000 and to Japan at £61.000. * • ♦ Tenders ranging from £2,398 to £3,333 have been received in connec tion with proposed new staff dining room and kitchen, a laundry and sundry other building extensions at Fairbridge Farm, Pinjarra. * ♦ • Peter Temelkos (33) who was severely burnt last week when his t Hay Street cafe was gutted by fire, died on Thursday at the Perth Hospital. * * * A new type of armored car, design ed more for reconnaissance work than for fighting, is being assembled at the Maribyrnong (V.) govern ment munition works. A feature of its construction is a smooth welded finish to eliminate bullet splash. It will be armed with a light automatic gun and will carry a crew of four. * * * i President Roosevelt has proposed, to Congress a lending, spending and credit expansion programme in volving 4,512,000,000,000 dollars I (approximately £902,400,000,000 ster- j ling), in the New Deal's second huge campaign against depression. It is ' proposed to finance the programme i by the use of the accumulation of I gold in the United States' reserve Treasury. ♦ a * A Vienna message states that dur ing a cinema performance in that city recently Storm Guards entered the theatre and ordered all persons of Jewish ancestry to stand up. Those who obeyed were immediately ordered to leave. A new decree states that an Aryan may divorce his wife if he! suspects her of having Jewish- blood in her veins. • * * It is understood that Dr. Schusch nigg, ex-Chancellor of Austria, has been transferred from prison to a concentration camp with other political prisoners. # * » The R.A.F. flying boat squadron, which recently visited Albany, again struck trouble after it had-left Port Hedland to fly across the Timor Sea to Bima, in the Dutch East Indies. The five machines left Port Hedland early on Friday morning, but about two hours later two of them returned to the anchorage having developed engine trouble. Probably it will be necessary for the two flying boats to remain at Port Hedland until spare parts have been received from Singa pore. Whilst interesting, the visit of this squadron from Britain has proved hardly an advertisement for the efficiency of the boats themselves. * * * James Broadbent, flying the machine in which he made the attempt recently on the England Australia solo record and failed with victory in sight when he made a forced landing on an island off the coast of Sumatra, left Sydney on Friday morning for England. He hopes to recapture the Sydney-Lon don and Darwin-London records. # * • During a tierce gale in Wellington Harbour last week, the steamer Rangatira fouled the anchor cable of H.M.S. Achilles and the cruiser was dragged from her moorings and went aground on a mud bank. Later, the cruiser was refloated, but may have to be docked owing to damage to her { propellers. * * * During severe hail and rain storm in Adelaide, which lasted only fifteen minutes, three fires were started by. lightning and a number of buildings 1 were flooded when an accumulation j of ice blocked the gutters. Banks of hail to a depth of three and four feet formed against fences and under trees. 