MIGRANTS WELCOME / V . But No Special Inducements For Foreigners .V. ' CANBERRA, June .30, > I ? gELECTEp;,foreign migrants, would be welcome, but-no special induce- ments would be offered them to come to Australia, said the Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons), referring, today to sugges- tions by, the'Oversea Settlement Board that because pf the restricted number . of migrants i available in Britain, the Commonwealth should encourage for- eigners to settle In Australia. The Government's objective, he said, was to reverse the flow, so marked in recent years, of British persons from Australia and to induce British mi- grants to come to Australia. Australia had not reached - the point where it could hot expect to receive a-substan tial number of settlers from Britain. The Government had to bear In mind the effect migration might have upon employment.In Australia. The Opposition Leader. (Mr. Curtin) said he was decidedly opposed to the recommendation ot the Oversea Settle- ment Board... A flow bf Nordic or any other migrants, to Australia when' so many Australians weré unemployed, and at a time when lt was certain that, a perlod of. recession was in store for Australia, could not be justified. When the Government had solved the prob-,' lem of employing its own people lt would be time to consider such a propo- sai as that advanced-by the Board. The Prime Minister ' told Mr. Holt (U.A.P., V.) in the House of Represen- tatives that consideration of, the pro- posed Dutch and Danish migration to Australia must await the receipt of de- finite proposals which the Governments concerned were to submit to the Com- monwealth Government. Mr. Lyons emphasised that the Commonwealth had no intention of. embarking on a scheme of ' assisted migration from countries other than the British Isles. Strong Support "If immigrants will not come from Great Britain without being spoon- fed, we should strongly, support the recommendation bf the Board to admit a caretüllyi regulated flow of/foreigners of assimilable types," ? said the Leader of the Opposition (Mr. H. S. Baker). commenting yesterday oh the report of the Oversea Settlement Board. Mr. Baker said he hoped the report of the Board would help Australians to take the subject of . migration In earnest. In his opinion lt was even more Important than the problem of defence. In fact it was part of that problem, and was fundamental to Its satisfactory solution. He was not ad- vocating ' indiscriminate immigration. Much had been learned from ex- perience, but it seemed difficult to get , persons to understand that the fate of the whlte race In Australia depended upon the country being occupied by a large enough population to hold lt against aggressors. The pressure of excessive population was at »he root of all the turmoil and unrest In Inter- national affairs. Japan, Germany, and Italy, In various ways, were being pushed on by the necessity of finding . employment for their people, and ac- cess to raw materials. That the re- sources of Australia for the absorption of immigrants was limited had been made clear by experience. The ability of the country to take large numbers depended upon, the ex- tension of markets and the develop- ment of Internal, resources, but even the: most cautious estimates made it clear that Australia was capable of maintaining a¡ much greater popula- tion. The Empire migration scheme several years ago depended upon the co-operation of the Governments of Great Britain, the Commonwealth, and the States, with the help of the various voluntary organisations. . ?A - statement recently circulated by the.Commonwealth stated i "New South Wales ls co-operating fully, and South Australia has agreed to the personal nomination system and has submitter personal- nominations, Victoria arie West Australia have submitted E few personal nominations. The. New Settlers' League'of Queensland, Avhlcr Is'subsidised by the United Kingdom Commonwealth and Queensland ' Go- vernments, has submitted nominations in,favour of youths for farm and house- hold work. No nominations have'been received from Tasmania." -< What Of Tasmania? "This statement appeared to indi- cate that the Tasmanian Government was.not co-operating in the. sehtms, and the' public was entitled to know what its policy was. The Labour Party generally had been disposed to be indifferent on the mat- ter, and the industrial unions fre- quently'had adopted the attitude that immigration involved a threat to them In; the introduction of competitors for the work available In the country. This was looking at only one side of ' the question, for migration meant also ah expanding market for the products of farms and factories, and a general in- crease in the services requlred'by the community. "The Germans in South Australia and elsewhere," said Mr. Baker, "have made splendid settlers, and in view of the re- pressive policy enforced by Herr Hit- ler's Government there would doubtless be many willing to come to this country ¡from Germany nnd Austria. The Im- pression seems justified that the Gov- ernments of Australia are not taking the subject seriously, and it ls hoped that lt will be taken up in real earnest with a view to evolving a sound policy." The Premier (Mr. A. G. Ogilvie, K.C.), asked to comment on the'report, stated that the question was one of great im- portance. Due to a meeting of Cabinet he had not time to study the report of the Board, but he would make a state- ment after he had gone, fully into the matter. Slow Progress LONDON. Jiine 29. VThe Times" says that the report of the Oversea Settlement Board confirms the opinion that although unfavourable economic conditions discouraging to migration to the Dominions are pass- ing gradually, progress towards a re- sumption of migration has not kept pace with this movement. "There are valuable reflections in the report, but lt cannot be said the general effect is very encouraging," says "The Times." "Those who believe in migra- tion as an effective means of strength- ening the Empire and providing greater opportunities for individuals, will And lt refreshing to turn to the reoort on the Fairbridge farm school scheme with Its- heartening account of the progress made in West Australia. Under this system every year 250 children are re- moved from cramped conditions In this country and given a good start in the more promising surroundings In the Dominions. At the annual meeting of the Fair- bridge Farm Schools, Lord Wlllingdon said a scheme on a big scale was necessary to encourage migration, but the Government was unable to provide such a scheme because of the cost of rearmament. Slr William Campion, a former Gov- ernor of West Australia, said lt was not desirable to stop migration In view, ot the falling birth-rate In the Domin- ions, otherwise foreigners would popu- late the Empire. The Australian Cus- toms Minister (Lleut.-Col. White) said Australia was always open to British nationals. He outlined the nomination scheme of assisted passages. It was announced that Lord Kenil- worth had donated £35,000, and had promised a further £60,000 to be spread over 10 years to assist the schools. ' 