HOW SCOTS SOLDIER MADE GOOD Colman Battled Way To Success AT the close of the World War Ronald Colmau laid away the plaid kilts of the London Scottish Regiment and made preparations for a little .battle of his own—to make good in a world that had just suc ceeded in kicking itself into a shambles. As one. of the "Ladies from Hell"— the term applied to the fierce - lighting, bare-kneed Scots soldiers— he 'had learned determination that was to stand him in good stead in his struggle for recognition as an actor. Today his wartime kilts are his most treasured possession. Born in Surrey and educated in Sussex, Colrnan took a job as office boy at the age of 16, receiving 10/ a week. Within five years he had risen to junior accountant—just in time to go to war in 1914. He saw action at the first battle of Ypres. A fractured ankle in Flanders kept him out of the thick of things later. When the armistice was (finally signed '.dolman grimly descended on London and its theatres. After two years of hard work he had arrived at nothing, so he took on aecojuntjng.and raised just enough money to get him to America. He arrived with £15. Arllss Gave Him Chance Just after the last of his money had gone the Englishman secured a job. It wa.s a supporting role in something called "The Dauntless Three," which the public quickly set upon and put to death. But the play brought Colman under the notice of George- Arliss, who engaged him for a roie in "The Green Goddess." He Karen IWorley and Robert Baldwin, who \\\ be seen in "The Girl From Scotland Yard Ozone Tiiea Ire on Saturday. [ moved from a furnished room t<^ a | Broadway hotel an^ has since never i worried about paying his rent. | His American stage career lasted j from 1920 to 1922, when he was | signed to support Ruth Chatterton in | a film called "La Tendresse." "The [White Sister,'' made in Italy, ^ fol I lowed, and Colman stayed to make | "Romola," also with Lillian Gish. | Returning to America, he really be 1 gan the' successful screen career ; which has brought him to his role in i "Lost Horizon." Such silent films as f "Beau Geste" and "Kiki" foisted an ! enormous amount of popularity on ; him, but it was with the advent of j talkies that he really found himself. | His first audible film was "Bulldog j Drummond," about seven years ago. j Frank Capra waited a year for Col-, i man to fulfil his previous oommit I ments so that he could play the role ; of Robert iC'onway in "Lost Horizon." I Colman deems it the greatest com ; pliment ever paid him. HOLLYWOOD jSNAPSHOTS I A Danish Gentleman ! Jean Hersholt, one of the few | Hollywood immigrants who have pre served their nationality despite their •success in films, has a home built in Danish style and full of things Danish io remind 'him of home. Apart from the fine work he does in keeping- Danish people in " touch with their homeland he has other hobbies. Most dear to 'him is his col lection of .first edition and rare books, the result of years of patient search ing and study. His library is perhaps the finest in Hollywood, certainly the most lovingly collected. His garden also is a place which in its trimne-ss and quiet beauty shows that affection has ordered its development. * * # Vivacious Annabella Vivacious, sweetly charming Anna bella is France's principal gift to Hollywood. After her original debut in the early Rene Glair talkies produced in her native Paris, she went to Hollywood, but returned after having ■made- a l'ew foreign versions. She was born in 1912, the- daughter of a jour nalist. She is married to Jean Murat, French film star. * * * Nurse Zanuck Darryl Zanuck ought to start a studio nursery. What- with Shirley Temple, the Quins, and Jane Withers figuring high on his contract sheet, he'll soon be a qualified nurse. His latest young star is Douglas Scott. Douglas is the manly little boy who. played young Horatio Nelson in "Lloyds of London.'' He is to be starred in Robert Louis Stevenson's "Kidnapped." •» * • * Asta's New Admirer If Asia, the famous wire-haired terrier of "Thin Man" fame, were not s0 valuable as a film star, he would have a new home now. He has been working with Irene Ouune and Gary Grant in "'The- Awful Truth," and: the actress has lost her heart, to the clever little chap. Now she's in the market for a wire-haired dog that resembles Asta. 