♦ AUSTRALIA AND SCANDINAVIA Australia Is getting poo many immigrant® of the wrong type and not sufficient of the right type. Sir Earle Page is reported to have salfl In an Interview In Denmark:— I . 'I have heard about Danish migration to Venezuela, but I do not understand why Danish farmers do not go to Australia, ^here conditions are much better.' I ... Probably the chief reason Is that they do not know of these better r^mniiK. Australia's publicity methods never do seem to be able to compete with the publicity methods of other countries which have not half so much to offer to potential new settlers. As a field for migration Venezuela, for Instance, has very little to offer In comparison with Aus tralia. In the matter of publicity Australia makes a very poor showing against Canada, yet there is nothing in that country to appeal to intend ing migrants who wish to settle on the land to be compared with what may be found in Australia. I Farmers do not come here from Denmark, probably, because they have not the haziest idea or tne cnaracier oi mu; cuuuw/, ? ? ditions. Apart from its unrivalled natural conditions Australia might now weU serve as a desirable haven of refuge for good class citizens of the old world who are anxious to get as far as possible from scenes of tyranny, horror, and abominable brutality. In Europe there does not now appear to be any placc left where people of law-abiding instincts may live in peace and safety and carry on their daily lives without being subjected to moles tation and persecution. With so many tyrants and dictators In power freedom and safety have almost ceased to exist in Europe, to say nothing of Asia, and at such a time we may Imagine that the thoughts of decent citizens would turn more and more to Australia. In fact the time seems peculiarly opportune for vigorously pushing on with an Australia immi gration campaign. Sir Earle Page said that his talk with the Danish Emigration Depart ment had convinced him that an agreement between Denmark and Aus- , tralia would be reached. The sooner some such agreement can be brought into being the better. Nor should it be confined to Denmark. The whole of the Scandinavian countries should be approached with the same object in view. The unsettled and dangerous state of Europe should give a great stimulus to migration, and there is no country, in such circumstances, with as much inducement to offer as Australia. The people of the Scandinavian countries are mostly of the type to make fesirable citizens in such a country as Australia. If people of this type could be induced to come here tbey would serve1 as a welcome set-off to the inferior classes which arrive in increasing numbers from Southern Europe. Tlie constant influx of these Southern Europeans is becoming a problem for the Commonwealth Government that will have to be faced in earnest within the next year or two. Australia simply does not want and should not tolerate foreigners who come here and set up' communities of their own, showing loyalty to the lands they have left but none to the country under whose flag they have taken shelter. If this kind of thing is not drastically dealt with, sooner or later we shall have grave Internal trouble arising from this source. ° , It may be taken for granted that Scandinavian migrants would settle as permanent Australian citizens. They are people of thrifty and indus trious habits and peaceful minds. Most of them have graduated in the hardest school of life and would not be afraid of hard work. They would make good settlers and worthy citizens. They remain among the people who have not been unbalanced by what is called tbe 'modern spirit,' the spirit that is producing more and more irresponsibles in all parts of the world. Australia might very well do with a million or two of the farming class of these northern countries which produce hardy types of men and women. In the meantime our futile policy permits of circumstances which throw the country open to undesirable classes— wltjj migration from the , British Isles and northern Europe practically at a standstilL 