A BALLERINA'S ROMANCE. Mlle. Helene Kirsova Interviewed. ABO'TI 15 months ago Mile. Helene Sir soya, dainty, fair-haired principal bal lerina with the Colonel de Basil Russian Ballet which was then commencing a 10 months' tout of Australia and New Zea land, had her first glimpse of Fremantle from the decks of an incoming mailboat. Yesterday, with the arrival of the Strath naver from London, she returned to Aus tralia, this time to make her home in Sydney for at least several years as she will shorty marry Dr. Erik Fischer. Vice Consul for Denmark in Sydney. "No, I shall never dance again," she said emphatically, in the course of an inter view. "Perhaps I may practise a little for my own amusement, but I have definitely retired from ballet. You cannot do two things and do them well and I think that now I shall have many other interests to take up my time. I am very fond of rid ing, tennis and other games but when you are a dancer you have no time for such pleasures" Obviously delighted to be returning to Australia under such happy circumstances, Mile. Kirsova displayed a number of let ters and telegrams which had reached her soon after the ship berthed. "I do appreciate the faithfulness of Australia," she remarked. "It akes you feel very good to be remembered.' Mlle. Kirsova-whose real name is Mile. Elizabeth Kirsten Ellen Wittrup Hansen-eaid that she had met her fiance at a party given at the Danish Consulate in Sydney following one of her perform ances, and she was yesterday wearing a ring which he had given her before her return to Europe. It was a tiny crown surmounting a Danish cross, set in dia monds, and matches a brooch which was given to her as a good luck symbol on leaving for her first visit to Australia. Discussing plans for her wedding, Mile. Kirsova said that as far as she knew the marriage would be celebrated quietly at St. Mark's Church, Darling Point, Syd ney, on February 3, and would be fol lowed by a reception given by Mrs. T. H. Kelly. She would wear a powder blue afternoon frock and hat and would have no attendants. & Canine Immigrant In addition to her Parisian trousseau and a number of wedding presents, Mile. Kirmova has brought with her a four months' old Airedale puppy which she will present to her fiance on her arrival in Sydney, and which she displayed yes terday with considerable pride in his quar ters on the poop. Winkie, as the dog has been christened, had proved a good travel ler, she said, and as far as Bombay had had three companions, including a Pekin ese belonging to the Countess of Jersey, who, with the Earl, was journeying to In dia. "Since then he has been rather lonely," Mlle. Kirsova remarked, combing his shaggy coat with a special comb and giv ing him a toy monkey to play with. This monkey, she explained, had been given to her after her first performance in ballet, nine years ago. Since leaving Australia Mlle. Kirsova has been on vacation and has spent some time with her family in Copenhagen. She had received an offer to tour America with Colonel de Basil's first company, but had preferred to remain at home. "Tour ing in America is too tiring," she said. She has no regrets at giving up the life of a ballerina. "Wherever I am I am happy," she remarked, "and my family is glad be cause now they will know where they can write to me-before I have always been moving about. They never wanted me to be a dancer, and it was not until I was 16 that they allowed me to go to Paris to study. I am the only 'wandering' one of the family. All the others have mar ried and settled down." In Sydney Mile. Kirsova said that she and Dr. Fischer would have a house and not a flat, and she is looking forward to decorating it herself. She will enlist the services of a wll-known Victorian deco rator whose work impressed her greatly when she was last in Melbourne. "I shall love house-keeping," she said, "but do not know yet how I shall get on. I also like sewing, especially making dresses. When I was in Colombo I bought some material and already I have cut it up and am making it into a dress. I do not use patterns, as I cut better from my head." Although she has severed her connec tion with ballet, Mlle. Kirsova retains her deep interest in dancing and spoke en thusiastically of the work of the Austra lian, Robert Helpmann, at Sadler's Wells. England, she said, was now the centre of Russian ballet and at Sadler's Wells, in particular, the ensemble work was excel lent. 