[?] Four of the Danish ship Nordpoi's complement de- : serted when she was at Frernantle, all desiring to settle here. . One already has a job; Danish Consul Fraenkel hopes to find vork for two others. ? But these three are only seamen. Fourth man, being an officer, who should know better, was subjected to an examination in Italian, failed as per official intention, de clared a prohibited immi grant, sentenced to imprison ment pending deportation by the first available Danish ship. Sentence of three months, pending iepo.rtation, was imposed on the 'ourth— 40-year-old Danish ship's offi cer, Paul Leo Aasting, in Fremantle Police Court today, by Magistrate H. J. Craig, S.M., and Mr. A. E. Pady, I.P. Aasting,. who admitted the charge 'of 3eing a prohibited immigrant, said he wanted to take up land and settle here. W. Eddy, of the Customs Depart ment, stated that it was proposed to ;end Aasting back to Denmark by the Irst available steamer. Aasting was an officer of the Danish ship Nordpol, which loaded wheat at fremantle recently, and deserted from the ship. After his arrest he failed to pass a dictation test. Mr. Craig: What language was he tested in? Mr. Eddy: Italian. Mr. Craig: If you had given it to him in Chinese it would have been the same thing. THREE TO STAY Charge of having unlawfully desert ed from the Nordpol, preferred against 18-year-old Knud Rasmussen, 20year old Peter Clemen Neilsen and 21year old Borge Hansen, three Danish sea men, was withdrawn by the Consul for Denmark, Mr. Peter Fraenkel. Speaking to a 'Daily News' repre sentative after the Court proceedings, Mr. Fraenkel said he had secured em ployment for one of the young Danes, and wanted jobs for 'the other two. In regard to Aasling, he did not consider the Customs Department had treated him harshly in pre ferring a charge of being a prohi bited immigrant, as it was a seri ous matter for a ship's officer to desert his ship. Had Aasting wished to settle in Aus tralia, there were other ways of attain ing the object. 