LOCAL AND GENERAL Greenough Anglican Parish. — The following services will be held in the Greenough Anglican Parish next Sun day: — 11 a.m.. Holy Trinity Church, Walkaway; 7.30 p.m., St. Catherine's Church, Greenough. Children's Ward Appeal. — The fol lowing additional donations have been received towards the Children's Ward Appeal: — Xaralinfr Uranch --f the Country Women's Association, £2/2/-; W- Forbes, Yetna. £1. The total is now £445/0/1. Hospital Acknowledgments. -»? The matron of the Victoria Distrk-t Hos pital desires to acknowledge with thanks the following gifts to the institution: — Mr. P. Saunders. rase of mixed fruit; Mrs. -iile:», flowers; Mr. Brandt, fish. Fishing Boat's Safety. — Fears for the safety of the two occupants of a fishing boat whk-h was on Monday believed to be in difficulties off the coast near Whitford's HeaHi. beyond North Reach, Fremantle. were set at rest on Tuesday. During the morning a report was lweived from North iurn' ll milling lll.ii. Lltr: ^ *rr*r'r:t. *.*»iini in seen riding at anchor in the lee of Little Island, which is about four miles from North BeaHi, and this was later confirmed by men aboard the pilot steamer Lady Forrest, whi«*h made :i trip to the vicinity. Soccer Football. — The premiership matches of the Soccer Association will be continued on Saturday, when Towns will meet Rangers in both sections. The teams to represent Towns will be chosen from the following players: — Seniors: L. Shaw. T\\. Clarksou, F. Cook, It. Halliday, L. Marsti, J. V. Thomas. B. Doolan. J. Pearson. S. Clarkson, F. A. Austin. R. Meek. R. Steele. M. Doolan and J. Toomey. ] Juniors: L. Doolan, M. . Major. W. M.irsden, J. Burton, W. Hackett. W. Rollings. L. Barker. J. Hemsley. R. Raymond, R. Pearson, R. Marsden and j S. Ellson. ( Sudden Death on Station. — Accord- ing to a report received in Geraldton yesterday a man named Edwin Leslie j Lukin, of Wandina Station, via Mul lewa, died suddenly on the station on Tuesday morning. It would appear that the deceased left home about 8.30 a.m. to inspect windmills on the pro perty, and about two hours later Mr. J. Lee, an ageut, discovered him lying j on the ground near a windmill. The deceased was unconscious and appar ently in convulsions, and he died whilst being convoyed to Mullewa for treat ment. The deceased was . a married; man and was about 4~» years of age. Beltana Replaced by Rock Boat. — After discharging 1.000 tons of coke at Geraldton lor file Wiluna Gold Mines, Limited, in addition to about one hun dred tons of general cargo, the Eastern States vessel, Beltana, left port again tms morning. Mie js proceeiuug to Bunbury. The Belt ana's place at the wharf was taken this morning by the s.s. Antigone, which, coming from Ocean Island, commenced the discharge to-day of 3,000 tons of phosphate rock for delivery to the works of Cuming Smith and Mt. Lyell Farmers Fertilis ers Limited at Bluff Point. The Anti gone will probably remain in port about a week and. it is understood, will then proceed to Java to load sugar. Football Trip to Three Springs.— Arrangements have i-een made by the Geraldton National Football Associa tion for a team to visit Three Springs on Sunday, July 31st. when a match will be played against a team repre senting the North Midlands Asswieia tion. The selection committee for the -Jeraldton Association met on Monday and chose tlie following playvs: — Full hacks, R. Morgan, L. Baker. S. Davis: half-back, R. May. E. Savage, W. Cord ingly: centres, J. Purcell, C Jensen. A. Williams; half-forwards. K. Doherty. J. Oversl.y, C. Bryan: full-forwards. L. Moore, R. Eaton. W. Cunningham: ruck, L. Martin. F. Ward, L. Grigsby: emergencies. X. Thompson, H. Crigsby. J. Rowe aud B. Shaw. Expert Advises Tomato Growers. — During the past few days Mr, Post Smith, assistant plant pathologist in the Department of Agriculture, has been visiting the tomato growers of the district. The visit has been made as a result of representations liiade to the j Premier (Hon. J. C. Willcock) concern ing the necessity of expert advice being given to the growers to assist them in dealing with several problems, par ticularly spotted wilt and other kinds of wilts. Mr. Post Smith has visited a large number of gardens, and has dis cussed with the growers many of the difficulties, in connection with which he was able to give them a great deal of advice, which should prove. of great value. On Tuesday night there was a representative gathering of growers at the hall. Bluff Point, at which Mr. A. Hall, president of the Geraidton Tomato Growers' Association, occupied the chair. Mr. Post Smith gave a most instructive address, during which he dealt with many of the difficulties, which are causing the growers much trouble. At the conclusion lie was cordially thanked for his visit and for the advice he had given. Schoolboys* Football Carnival.— Although the weather was very unfav ourable last Saturday morning copdi mit of the trial match between a team of Mullewa boys and GerahUon boys iHsin.c played to afford the selectors some guide in their choice of the lads to represent the district in the forth coining football carnival in Perth. Prior to the match the visitors were entertained to lunch ^ at the State School. The Mullewa team was much smaller than the local team, which held the upper hand throughout, and j won by a wide margin. Several of the visitors displayed promising form, and they will be kept in mind by the selec tors, who. however, will not choose the team until they have seen every avail able lad in action. After the boys' match a soccer game was played lK»t\veeu teams representing the Ger aldton National Football Association J and the Soccer Association. This was well contested, and resulted in a win for the Sower Association by three goals to one. During the afternoon ? tea was available, and the proceeds i from tijis assisted ln augment the funds. Another trial match will be played next Sat unlay, connnenciiiir at 12.30 p.m.. between teams from otbe;% country centres. Thf» ;'-osirion' of iho fund, which is being raised to assist in defraying the ex|»enr*es of the team, is as follows: — Previously acknowledged. £22/3/0: proceeds of football s;nd -oc- eer matches. £7/4/-; Mr. E. Anderson, 10/6: total, £29/18/-. Next Week's Markets.— There will i he 440 cattle offered at Copley's Siding on Monday. Nominations for Wednes day's sales comprise S.-K-0 sheep (including 2.400 lambs). 2S2 cattle, and 1,127 pigs. Programme for Matinee. — 'Waikiki, Wedding,' screening at the matinee on Saturday, is a bright musical comedy set on the isle of Hawaii, with King j Crosby, Shirley Ross and Martha R;iye j in the leading roles. Australian Review i 'Babes at Sea' coloured- cartoon, 'Lit- j tie Hiawatha' cartoon. Air Mail News, \ and 'Secret Agent N-'.f complete the j programme. i Robbery in Marine Terrace.— Thieves i forced an emi-aner. to the business establishment of Jos. Johnston & Son, tailors and mercers, of Marine Ter race, on Tuesday night or during the early hours of Wednesday morning, ami decamped with articles of men's clothing to the approximate value of £20. Entrance to the premises had been effected by breaking the staple of ? the lock on the front door, and marks I on the woodwork indicated that the staple had been forced with a jemmy or a sim War instrument. An inspec tion of the premises early yesterday j morning by Air. Johnston, jun. revealed ! that some drapery had been removed ! rrom the display windows, entrance t-» j ivhich could be gained by means of ? hiding panels, whilst further articles ? ?f men's wear were also missing from j stands in the shop and in a rear room »f the premises. A back door, which irave access to a back lane, and which ivas found open, indicated the manner af exit chosen by the intruders. The matter lias been reported to the police who are making investigations. Danish Youth in Court. — Looking rather bewildered as he faced the resi lient magistrate (Mr. K. J. DougaiU in the Geraldton Children's Court this morning, a good-looking Danish youth of seventeen years -»f use. with curly fair hair and blue eyes, pleaded guilty to a charge that on February 2(»?h, at Fremnntle. he unlawfully deserted tlu- motor vessel Tecoma. The lad. it is understood, first came under the notice of the police yesterday, when he returned from a fishing expedition in one of the fishing boats of the Gerald fon fleet, and it is believed that he has been employed in CJeraldton for the past three mouths. Police-sergeant White, who laid the complaint n gainst the lad, secured a remand of the case for eight days, and in so doing, explainpd that he intended to ha mi the youthful defendant over to the Cus toms authorities, who would take the necesssiry action. As in the case of tiie two Danish seamen, who were apprehended in Geraldton a few days ago, this defendant will also be charg ed with being a prohibited immigrant, but the police are hopeful that he will be found employment and be permitted to remain in Australia, as they are con fident that he would make a good citizen. He speaks some English, and has intimated a desire to remain here although his parents are in Denmark. L'sed Another Man's Bicycfo— In the Geraldton Police Court this morning before the resident -magistrate (Mr. K. J. Douguli), a man named Albon Con rad Solin pleaded guilty to a charge of having, on July Kith, unlawfully assumed control of a bicycle without rhe consent of the owner. Policeser geant White said that about H.30 o'clock on Saturday morning last W. Thompson, a window cleaner, left his bicycle parked in iLiriue Terrace, anil about three hours later discovered that it was missing. He reported the matter to the police, and about 0 o'clock on Saturday night Policecon stable Styants saw the machine in Eleanor Street. While the constable was' inspecting it the defendant approached, and when questioned ad mitted he bad been in possession of it and that he ha-i reinoveu it irom Marine Terrace. Solin, in a written statement, stated he had left his own bicycle in Marine Terrace on Friday night. When he called to get it the following morning it: was missing, and as he had to travel some distance to work he had taken another bicycle Which was in the street. Policeser geant White said he understood the. defendant did possess a bicycle, but the fact that it had been taken did not give him the right to use one belonging to someone else. Offences of that nature were too prevalent, and it often trans pired when the machines were returned they were found to have been damaged. Mr. Dougall imposed a fine of £1 and costs (10/0), and remarked that he was very evidently careless with his own property. Moreover, the fact that his machine was missing did not en title him to touch another man's pro perty. 