// THEY WON'T LET ME WORK BECAUSE I FELL IN LOVE // Count Charles de Chambrun,- one of France's foremost diplomats, who was shot and seriously wounded by the infuriated Magda de Fontangcs for allegedly coming between her and II Duce. He is a brother-in-law of the late Nicholas Longworth, Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, and a member of a family prominent in French politics and connected by marriage with M. Laval. H E lived from 1670 to 1729, in an age of perukes and quill-pens. That was long before pearl-handled re volvers and totalitarian "dictators were likely to figure in frustrated love affairs. But William Congreve must have con jured in his fertile imagination a lady of the stamp of famous Mme. Magda de Fontanges when he wrote the lines:, Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, Nor. Hell a fury like a woman scorned. For the beauteous Magda, who boasted, of romance with Premier Mussolini and shot a French diplomat because she thought he played the role of marplot, has sworn revenge upon those who have "hounded and persecuted" her. And as a result the scowling II Duce may be subjected to the public indignity of having Magda parade through the streets like a sandwich man, with placards strapped • fore and aft, adver tising to the world the love he once (according to her story) showered upon her. Magda, a former actress, who turned journalist only to find herself the centre of one of the most amazing love sagas in decades, made known her determined plans when she returned to Paris after a brief visit to the United States. She was furious, in the full sense of the word that Congreve implied. For she blamed Mussolini, and the man she shot, and the French news papers for the action of American im migration authorities in. frustrating her plans to recoup her fortunes by. appear Tragedy may drive the romantic Magda de Fontanges, beautiful French girl, adven turess and ex-journalist, who boasted that Benito Mussolini loved her, to adopt picketing tactics and parade with a sandwich-board. ing at the French Casino in New York while the furore which accompanied her case was still at its height. It will be remembered that Magda, otherwise known as Madeleine de la Ferriere, was the tremendously deter mined little lady who drew a pistol at the Gare du Nord in Paris some months ago. and fired point-blank at Count Charles Pineton de Cham brun, one-time French Ambassa dor to Rome. De Chambrun, fortunately, w a s only slightly in jured. He was taken to a hospital, while Magda was rushed to police head quarters, where she blurted out her story before a shaken prefect and the shocked gen darmes who had arrested her. Mussolini fell in love with her when she went to Rome to interview him, she said, and all was going swimmingly, even rapturously, when de Chambrun, exer cising his diplomatic prerogatives, stepped in and put an end to a romance that might have led to international complica tions. As a result of which, she said with a Gallic shrug of her shoulders, she sought Mussolini, who is reported fond of the company of women, and whose wife lives in virtual retirement with their younger child ren, ignores the Fontanges "incident." The United States^Wtech The Door Against Poor Passionate Magda revenge, as would any other woman— and at the earliest possible opportunity fired a bullet into the distinguished am bassador's physique. For this impulsive act Magda paid a Paris court the sum of 100 francs (ap proximately 4s 6d)—and then started for New York with high hopes of reaping a fortune from the escapade, as a night club headliner. But the hard-hearted immigration men invoked the shade of Vera, Count ess Cathcart, whose famous case added the words "moral turpitude" to the Eng lish language, and she was shunted back to France with a minimum loss of time. Back on her native heath, her first action was to lash out at the French newspapers for their story treatment of her disbarment from American shores, and then to prepare for the filing of a £70,000 damage suit against the French Government for allegedly causing her to be banned from America. But that alone will not appease Magda's hunger for revenge. Although she insists she still loves him and is willing to forgive him, she re vealed her determination to pillory Mus solini in cardboard placards hung from her shoulders. "There is no peace for me," she said. "Everywhere I go it is the same—I am followed hounded ,and persecuted. "Signor Mussolini I can forgive. Ours was a great love. They fined me for shooting the Count de Chambrun. I have paid the penalty. "Now all I wish to do is to settle down and forget. But Fate is against me. "There are whispers, scandalmongers spreading all sorts of unkind things. I suffer it every day, everywhere. "But, now I have made up my mind. I am going to fight. Mon Dieu, yes—I am going to fight. First of all, my lawsuits shall be against those who branded me an adventuress. It is un true, unfair. Why should I suffer be cause one of the world's leading states men loved me?" An interviewer asked Magda what she would do if her lawsuits were unsuc cessful. "I do not know," she answered—then added hastily, impulsively, "Yes, I do. I shall go to Barcelona and stand in the public square. ' There I shall beg for alms, wearing a placard for all to see. It will read: " 'Because Mussolini loved me. I am not allowed to earn my living and I am forced to beg. Good people, have pity on me'." Other romances are not possible for her. Magda insisted: memory of muted, mellow moments with Mussolini within the sanctified marble walls of his Palazzo Venezia in Rome dim their potentialities. What about Jack Hedgard. the Danish American air ace who wanted to rescue her from the clutches of the immigra tion authorities in New York by mar rying her? "Ah, he was gallant," she said, "but When I thought of the man who had passed through my life I knew there was no substitute for, no forgetfulness of that love pos sible." Magda at that time also told of her silence in the courtroom when she was tried for shooting de Cham brun, explaining that it was not a voluntary silence. It was generally understood to have been imposed by French authorities lest her disclosures lead to painful ten sion between France and Italy. When she arrived in New York, keen ly enthusiastic over the prospect of facing jaded Broadway audi ences and provid ing them with a< new thrill, she was less reticent. She spoke freely of a friendship with Mussolini — "the most glorious five months of my life." "It was in April, 1936, that I went to Italy and met my very good friend, M. Mussolini," she said. "I went there to interview him for a French publica tion' "I could not speak a word of Italian, but he spoke perfect French. Our first meeting developed into a fast friend ship. "Our ideas were pretty much the same. I remained in Italy for five months. "Then came the interference of M. de Chambrun. In my broken-hearted ness I returned to Paris. The shoot ing affair followed, and then I found I could not get any employment. No body would give me a job. People turned against me. They would always refer to me as,'Mussolini's girl friend with the gun.' "My true story has never been told. It may never be. I have been the helpless victim of intrigue. This is how the beautiful Magda might appear if she became really roused to action. "What is important is that M. Musso lini was a warm and dear friend. Ho helped me. He brought me the greatest spiritual and mental solace of my life* "My hours with him were unforget table. They were pleasant and quiet. (Continued on Page 41), "THEY WON'T LET ME WORK BECAUSE I FELL IN LOVE" (Continued from Page 5) They gave me—and I am sure also to him—peace of mind." When and if Magda ever gets around to telling the whole unvarnished truth about her relations with Mussolini, the story will have to be told from memory. For one of the first things the Paris police did after they raided her apart ment was to impound her diary—a vol ume said to contain a long series of con fidential confessions regarding what she has termed the major episode in her life. The book was found locked in a desk in her bedroom, a room decorated with no fewer than 300 photographs and newspaper pictures of II Duce. Some of them were autographed, but only with the stiff, formal signatures Mussolini uses for his ordinary ''fan mail." It is the closely guarded diary that the public regards as proof of Magda's romance. 