CUDAL (From Our Correspondent). Monthly Meeting The monthly meeting of the Cudal A. and P. Society waa held In the School of Arts on Saturday night last, when the president (Mr. H. J. Balcomb) was In the chair, and there »ere present:—Messrs. R. A. Balcomb. F. A. Gray, W. Hamilton. J. B. Macfarlane, W. F. Naah, A. Nash. F. C. Rothery. A Rlach, H. J. Snook, H. Zeidler and the secretary (Mr. C W Randall). The alterations to the rules, as drawn up by the sub-committee, conslstlng of Messrs. T. D. Gordon, J. B. Macfarlase, H. J. Balcomb and C W. Randall, were adopted by the general committee; also the additional rule, stating tbat all members of the comml.tee must become financial membere before August 31 In each year. A vote of thanks was paaaed to the ladles for the manner In which they revised the achedule. and tor their great assistance to the society In again being willing to conduct the lunchepn, afternoon tea and supper arrangements In connection with the forth coming Show and ball. The comdecided to supply cellophane "" ~ mlttee « rappers, aa recommended " by the secwriie for tendera""fer "thi™pnbTícaníí soft drinks, and fnift booths, also to obtain quotes from varioua orchestras for lhe ball, on the night of the aa the trnsieea'ortte'rronada, with a Sííce gSif" • Jt"»Uou " en.| It /as^'also decided to wrtta. rrm^ting wJnst the WMcatlon of íí r U J ' H' for a further license to pump water from the Boree Creek, Tbe next meethut waa flnd faril School of Arts Meeting. The monthly meeting of the Cudal School of Arte eofsmiaee waa held I» Friday night last. when. In tbe absence of the president, Mr. E. A Hunuan, was In tbe chair, and there were present: Mrs. E. whalan, Heasra R~ T Job. W. Hamilton and C. W. Randal! isi-creiarj). The secretary reported baring recelved advice frcm Messrs. Campbell. Condell and Paton, that finality fed been reached In reference to tbe ownership of the picture plant. wtdSh bad been in tbe ha" — - montha. and that It „ .„ „ucr K. ka^aaaw over to the Precision Engineering Co. Ply, LtA, ml Bydaev. A rcmseMMT* of this companybad b o t « wsa «id lor Wednasdsv.. A dlaeesalSB took pises In tlon with Ibe holding ef the aansal C out that the was that to Society on Oc- " * hold dal meeting on J air 20; before ttie annual feeding, to discuss the possibility of holding the annus) ball towards the end of ai " — a function on July It, and soother on August 11, to help pay the of this contract. weal ntlad bard work I „. lat. Oraags. There la a good deal or pnl inpprt (or this attitude, and It lb cscted that Cabinet will eventually climb down. Cumwilii*! Trmmmg. Suggestlou mMe In the Senate durfekTEe weft, thst compslsory miliary training ahoald be reintrcdnr-* — i or certain pr'" <i color to the the Labor Party that ompulsory training la being definitetoMwaaldenS, and Ihat It will be reintroduced at the flrat agitable oppon tunity. Senator Bam peon <U_iP, ftsmanla) la r®orted to hare said In the 8enate: "we ahoald do the fair, thing by onr young men, and sire •• fiaimtnilhi aT of tMlnllW^ I raining,"at at the unt time urging the restoration of compmaorjr training." Any aacb more would reenlt in Common wealthwtde pretests, anã. (or the time being, t any rate, there la little likelihood of any change In the preeent volon- tary system of tralalng, whereby nay young man can set all the mUltair trainlag he «anti. Both the Prime Mlnlater and Mr. Thorby are emphatic that they have not given serious thought to the matter. Population Problem. The atatement of the Prime Mlnlater, a lew daya aco, that the Commonwealth Government had no ln ;entloh of beginning achemea of assisted mlrratlon from any couaQy other than m,íht ,t Dnt (|u K «em o ««"• «onformlty with the While Austialla poller. On closer analyals. however. It does not appear o -nlttl M wlle u u sounds. Both ollu^ >Dd Denmark would welcome tram. Tne tact ia tnai aooui i.wv to 7.000 Italiana are pouring Into Australia yearly, InUr-marrylng, and con- •tantly adding to the strength of the "Llule l ily" they have formed. Both Dutch Danish immigrants would make excellent (Itlzens. and their children would be indlstlngulahable from Auatrallana In every respect, which la more than can be aald of the Southern Europeans coming into the country. One of Australlrs (real eat roblema U population, and, fall'— Síe arrival of a aufllclent number Australian babies yearly, there i many of the opinion that batthea of | Dutch, Danish, and even German Im migrants would •• •-- be to -- the -• benefit ^ — ot the naiion. The language difference would be removed in a generation. Those who criticise the Federal- Government over Its Immigration policy 40-Hour Week. Whether employers like li or •ad whether or not Industry stand It, the opinion is strong!' pressed in trade union circles tl 40-hour week for the majority ot work* ere throughout the Commonwealth -is not far distant. Many unions are going to conrt In the near future (or a revision of their awards, and lo almost every case a 40-hopr week Is claimed, opposed, of course, by the employers. La fact, conditions have been made paramount practically In every new log. Wages are more or less a secondary consideration. Tbe unions are not very hopeful of Immediate success in setting a 40-hour week, but union secretaries say that tbe writing Is on the wall, and tbat the shorter week Is inevitable. Duty Comet First. There are many who eovy Mr. Joyous and his Prime Ministership. There are also many who don i. Beii^ a Prime Minister Isn't all béer and skittles. For Instance, Mr. Lyons came to Sydney with some of family last week-end to relax. didn't. As soon as It was known that he was Ui town there were demands ather wearily, be put —, — . a more or less buy Saturday, he decided to go to a play with his family at -night. Instead, be spoke at a dinner. His complaint is that be has to talk politics in public when be 1b sick and tired of even the sound of thp word; and he has to be \- ery careful Just what he says. Too Cold for Crime. Strange as it may seem, the cold spell Sydney has been having has practically wiped out crime In the metropolis, a< cording to police reports. The fact is It Is far too chilly tor burglars and thugs. The former find It difficult to steal from houses these nights when whole families etay home by the fireside, and thuga cannot stand the discomfort of wailing reported, and that was an overcoat. 