Letters to the Editor. Nordics for Australia. I heartily agree with Nordics for Australia, and consider that the time has arrived for efforts to bo made to commence an influx of Nordic peoples to our shores. It certainly seems that special attention is being given to Italian immigration to Australia, nnd certainly they cannot lay claim to being so purely a white race as the peoples ot Northern Europe. As an Australian-born, I feel greatly in accord with the Scandina vians, and consider that there are scarcely a more desirable people in the world to invite as immigrants. One lias only to pursue their history to find that they have at all times been extremely hardy and enduring, and willing to go to any place to make their living, and privations mean nothing to them. The old Viking strain still persists, but nowa days for working and progressing, than desire for raiding, fighting, &c;„ having been extinguished long ago. Some of the unoccupied territory litre could be turned into wonderfully productive farms by Nordics, and their experience in the fishing Industry would be a passport into ours as well. I have mingled with all types of Scandinavians here from tlie toiler to the professional type, and the impressions always gained have been particularly good, and always one finds democracy, education, cleanliness and courtesy as well as a remarkable adaptability in making friends and holding them. They have also the greatest of respect for tlie laws and customs of any country into which tlicy may emigrate. A symbol of the demo cratic leanings of the Swedish people is evident in the fact that they abolished all forms of serfdom and slavery in the fourteenth century, and the "Condor" or land-sort class became tree from then on. In the mechanical, electrical, medi cal and dental world the Nordic holds his own. The women ' of these races are home-loving, capable, physically strong, and as types are nearly always beautiful in face and figure, sometimes strikingly so. Tlie Norwegian, Swedish nnd Danish people still cherish the old love of home and fireside, so conspicuous by its absence in many places to-day, and baby is still very welcome in the Scandinavian home despite the progress of birth control in the modern world. T»i-«to lnef niifl11flr>nMnn chnnlH siiriVIv fit. them for Australia. — VALKOMMEAN (Nordic word for welcome) (East Mel bourne). 