ADELAIDE. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29. 1938 NORDIC MIGRATION | i The proposed migration agreements j between the Commonwealth and the j Scandinavian and Dutch Govern ments, if they could be negotiated con formably with the principles which Sir Earle Page is reported to have approved. Ti- milr* .hrpak npw pr-nnnri in more than or.e direction. Three or four month? ago. - :here emanated from Canberra what purported to be an ofHcipl announce ment, to the effect that there wa.s no j possibility of Australia's offering; assisted passages to Nordic aliens, even ' if migration from Britain did not come ? up to expectations. ?Senior officials of j the Department of the Interior.' were credited with the statement that steps tn ottrart one sDecific class of Euro pean would immediately present diffi culties, as the question of discrimina tion between nations would arise. 'Foreign nations -which had treaties with Australia, might resent their ex clusion from any agreement of the nature suggested.' A message from Canberra, published in 'The Ad vertiser'' this morning, predicts an al most immediate declaration by the Prime Minister, based on the same rather unaccommodating conclusions. Sir Earle Page, however, and the other members of the Australian trade delegation, who have just re land and Denmark, do not seem to be much concerned about sup posed complications. They are obviously disposed to accept the validity of the argument frequently advanced by stu dents of the problem of migration in its broadest aspects, that, in default of a sufficient flow of British settlers to Australia, this country could not do better than encourage the immigration of people of Nordic stock, who, by reason of their breeding and tradition, are most easily assi milated by a British community. There is a profound spiritual harmony between Britons and Scandinavians, in particular, which is a most important factor in a question of this kind. The Southern Europeans who supply so considerable an element among alien migrants to Australia, although very many of them make good settlers, and will ultimately make good Australians, are sometimes assimilated with diffi culty; and their tendency to congregate in 'foreign colonies' has already pre sented the Federal Government with something of a problem. No similar obstacles to the absorp tion of Nordic migrants can be seriously apprehended: and yet circumstances of various kinds have militated against the transfer to Australia of any con siderable numbers of the people who would seem to be best suited, apart from our -immediate kith and kin in Britain. to supply new blood for this young and sparsely settled country. Although fh» tjes of friendship and common in terest subsisting between Australia and TTniianri 9.r» Tiiimpmiis and substantial. and are rapidly being strengthened and multiplied, the number of Dutch set tlers attracted to these snores has been infinitesimal. At the time of. the 1922 census, there were only 1,617 persons of Dutch nationality in the whole of the Commonwealth: and the census of 1933 revealed only 915 (a decrease of 702). as compared with 17.658 Italians (an increase of 12.755-. and 5.652 Greeks (an increase of 2,835). The numbers of Danes. Norwegians, and Swedes In cluded in the population or Australia are equally trifling. To seek to modify the causes by which Nordic migration to this country has so long been inhibi ted, is a thoroughly laudable ambition In the case of the Dutch, especially. apart from their intrinsic merits as potential settlers, there is the need seasonably insisted upon by Sir Earle Page, to 'strengthen the ties between Australia and Holland in view of com mon interests and contiguity in the Pacific.' A strong infusion of Dutch blood would be good for the Common wealth in a variety of ways; and good for Holland, too, which, says the Aus tralian Consul-General for the Neth ? ? 3_ i— ^nnMir-ix nfornrnwHpH T3CT1T n its 'eight million people in an area about v»aif the size of Tasmania.' It is encouraging to learn that the members of the Netherlands Ministry are in cordial agreement with Sir Earle Page and his colleagues about 'the pos sibilities of planned migration.' and especially since 'planned migration.' in this connection, does not seem to imnlv anv attempt to revive the costly. ambitious, and impracticable features of some of the governmental mi gration schemes against which ex perience must serve to warn the Commonwealth, at all events. It is a novel proposal that a foreign Government should share the cost of assisted passages to Australia, as the Dutch Government seems willing to do; but if Australia wants Dutch migrants, and the Netherlands desires to facili tate the transfer of these enterprising souls from one side of the world to the ot'ier. there can be no legal ob 4 « a* irt« fn tlie /*nn/»1n«;inTl of SUCli ST1 agreement as is projected, despite the' contrary view which still seems to be; entertained in Canberra. No indis criminate and wholesale shipment of ; the surplus population of Holland is j intended; and if the suggested arrange ment is novel in the sense that it would make demands on the Dutch Treasury for the provision of assisted passages j from Holland to Australia, it is more unprecedented still, in our experience. from the fact that the Netherlands Government would be ready to make it self responsible for the repatriation ol 'failures.' Even the most fanatical opponent of migration could hardly oppose a scheme under which migrants found to be incapable of standing on their own feet in Australia would be returned to their ancestral homes with out cast to the Australian taxpayer. It would be impossible to conclude an ar rangement more advantageous to a young country in nera ui new btriucu ui the right type An agreement based on this generous principle we arc told, has already been entered into between Denmark and South Africa: and it may well seem an eloquent testimony to the Danish migrants transferred to the I Union for retention or return, that in 'three years there has been only o&e; ?'failure'1 to be repatriated. A Govern ment which accepts the responsibility ; of repatriating the misfits, will be pr;r- ! licularly careful in making a selection from among applicants for assisted passages on the outward journey. Sir Earle Page seems hopeful of conclud- : ing an agreement on these lines, not , only with Holland, but with Denmark and other Scandinavian countries. Per haps one ought to conclude, in the light of the news from Canberra, that it is all too good lo be true; but. if the Minister's expectations were realised, the visit of the Australian trade delegation to Europe would abun dantly justify itself, even apart from the pursuit of its primary purpose. 