north european imMrants wanted COMMONWEALTH WOULD WELCOME INCREASE CANBERRA. 8unday. Any suggestions' for increasing the flow of Northern European ' migrants to : Australia which -may follow the publication > of the Over seas Settlement Board's report v« in England would be welcomed by the " Commonwealth. ''' ' \- There is no possibility , that the .Com monwealth. will (announce '.any. .(special inducements to nationals of one or more foreign countries |coinpared .with those of other countries. Actual conditions laid down to govern the admission ot aliens must apply generally. , , \Biit it is felt that 'by taking steps to advertise to 'Northern. Europeans the advantages offered to migrants by Aus tralia they would come here in greater numbers. - Conversations already held with/ the Danish' emigration .-authorities by the Minister for Commerce (Sir Carle Page) am a start in this direc tion. He will -pri>bably. also make similar approaches to other countries, such as Holland, Norway, and Sweden. . Australian- immigration figures for .1837 show a -greater relative increase in Northern than in Southern European migration compared with- -.the previous year, although the total . number of southerners was nearly three times as great. In 1937 4019. additional Southern Europeans' settled permanently in Aus tralia,- about double the 1036 : figureB. The. number, of Northern: Europeans, however— -trebled— ;1533 compared with 512 in 1936. The ' largest individual national ., increase last year was. of Poles (494 compared with 106. in 1936)', closely followed by Germans 428 against 93 in 1936). The, increase for the quar ter ended, last March compared with the .corresponding quarter of: 1937, was com tinued— Poles 122 (74 in 1930), .and GermanSillO (65). . INQUIRIES FROM CZECHS. ' LONDON, Sunday. There is a steady stream of inquiries at Australia House by Czechs, many of whom have journeyed to London per sonally to ascertain the possibilities of entering Australia. Austrian and German refugees— whose plight was discussed at the' con ference in Evian, at which Australia was the only British Dominion repre sented— ire likewise interested. An .organisation is . still exploring the question of sending ' out Jews from Poland , and Rumania in - addition to those from- Austria and -Germany. Tens of thousands, of- Spanish re fugees now living in France and else- whore are likely to. be tremendously, increased if the non-intervention com .mittee succeeds ,in obtaining the with drawal of .foreigners. There will be numbers , of Italians, Germans, Poles,, and White Russians, who will have no. place, to go.' If General Franco wins, probably hundreds of thousands of Catalans wili flee from Spain. The Commonwealth will .be cautious, as the Government does. not. desire. solid settlement of - specialised .groups, ot foreigners. . . The Commonwealth is prepared to. acr- eept Danes and other- Scandinavians. 