DUTCH MIGRATION. SIR EARLE PAGE Explores Possibilities. AMSTERDAM, June 26. The Australian Minister tor Com merce tSir Earlo Page), who is visit ing Holland, stated to- day that he in tends to negotiate with the Dutch Government on the possibility of me emigration of Dutchmen to A-jjtrnlia. Sucakiiu? at a banquet given by ihe Netherlands Government lo mnrlt I'm opening of the Holland-Australia air service, Sir Enrlc Page pointed out that tho Dutch-Australian New Guinea frontier was the only one in the world without customs olticcrs and frontier officials. This syml-nlisid tween the two countries. Many Dutch from the K.isl Indies were settling in AuBlrnlia and the Commonwealth was prepared lo consider an immigration agieeemnt with Holland. The Australian Minister for Cus toms i Mr. White I paid tribtue tn the Dutch Air Service for facilitating trade relations. The Associated Press special writer reports Sir Earle Page concluded his conversations with the Dutch Govcrn London He told the Associated Press the Dutch Minis-leis were in cordial agreement on the possibilities of plan The next step must be the creation of voluntary societies in Australia and Holland, the former caring for set tlers after arrival, and the' latter sel ecting suitable migrants, preferably from 16 to 22 years of age, who, after a short course of training will be sent out in British ships, nn which they can brush up their knowledge of Eng lish, which Is taught in most Dutch schools. The societies would be re sponsible for the repatriation of fail ures, but a similar Danish mi-ration, scheme in South Africa had oniy a single failure in three years. Sir Earle Page added he was satis fled the Dutch were most desirable, settlers, owing to their splendid char acter, physique and agricultural achievements and strong love of family life. It was also desirable to strengthen Australian-Dutch tics, in, view of their common interests in the continuity of 'the status quo In the Pacific. Sir Earle Page discussed a similar migration scheme with the Darisu Government with satisfactoiy results. He is convinced after three days careful inspection that the K.L.M. oi ganisation. with its exceptional effi ciency, will mean a direct Australia Holland service of Inesl.'in-. jiu t --:,,llt to tho Commonwealth AMSTERDAM. June 27. Dr. Earle Page said to-day he hoped to be able to induce Dutch migrants to develop Australian swamp lands, such as the Lower Murray and the Bellinger River areas. These lands, because of swamps, had been neglected. They would suit the Dutch admirably, because the Dutch were accustomed to such conditions. He had hopes also, that large numbers of^ Danes would settle In Australia. 'Holland has & surplus of popula tion and capital. I hope soon that both will be directed towards Aus tralia,' said Dr. Page. 'I believe it would be possible to obtain excel lent migrants under conditions guar anteeing careful selection. Both Hol land and Denmark arc prepared to found societies to select migrants to arrange for their transfer and to care for them after their arrival.' LONDON. June 27. As a result of his visit to Denmark and Holland, Dr. Earle Pago will cable lo Mr. Lyons immediately con cerning the nceotialinu of a migration agreement between Australia and the Scandinavian and Dutch Govern ments. He is most optimistic and ex by which the three Governments will agree tn share the passages of migrants. The Danish and Dutrh Governments also will aiice to a pro workers, technicians and domestics will bo readily available. 