MIGRATION REPORT RECOMMENDATIONS Nordic Races Preferred To Southern Europeans NO IMMEDIATE EXPANSION World-Wide Publication Planned Australian Associated Press LONDON, June 23. The political correspondent of the Australian Associated Press learns that the report of the Overseas Settlement Board specifically suggests that the Dominions (.meaning Australia, which < the report recognises as the only : Dominion so far reopening immmigra tion) .should absorb Northern Euro peans tc counter the migration of . Southern Europeans, including Italians, : which is increasing, to Australia. '. The report does not reveal any > epoch-making schemes and does not , envisage any immediate expansion of j migration to Australia to the extent of materially altering the population ; position within a decade. It emphasises 'that it would be a mistake to arouse false and exaggerated I hopes of a large-scale transplanting i of populations. However, the Govern ment attaches great importance to the ' document, for which it is elaborately preparing world-wide publication in the : light of tlie territorial ambitions of the "have-not"' nations. ; Danish Migrants Sought Tlie Copenhagen correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph"" writes that the I Commonwealth Minister for Commerce |, (Sir Earle Pago, in a statement to : Danish newspapers, said:—"l have heard about the Danish migration to Venezuela. I cannot understand why Danish farmers do not go to Australia, where conditions are much better. We , are eager for many Danish farmers. My talk with the Danish Emigration Department has convinced me that an agreement between Australia and ? Denmark will be reached." Stressing the importance of the re- , port of the Overseas Settle ment Board, '-The Times,"' says: —""The conclusions reached are bound . to carry great weight. Even in the;: palmy days of migration, the majority ji of settlers went out at their own risk.i: Laife-scalc migration can become again ; possible only when expanding develop-!' ment in the Dominions provides open ings of which enterprising people wii! be eager to take advantage." Referring to Labor opposition in Aus tralia on the ground that expenditure on immigration is unjustifiable unless tlie Commonwealth can adequately con tribute to the unemployment and reliel expenditure of the States. "Tlie Times says:—'"Similar difficulties exist Trith the other Dominions, and the decisive factor in any scheme for organised migration must be tlie attitude of the Governments and peoples of the Domi nions." Opportune Time A special article, foreshadowing the recommendations of the report, will appear tomorrow in the "Yorkshire Observer" and its allied publications, with which Lord Barnby, a partner in the wool firm of Francis WiUey & Co. Ltd.. is associated. It says that the interest now existing is reflected in the '? motion of more than 270 members of tlie House of Commons—that tlie "time has arrived for the early resumption of the movement of population within the Empire, and urging the British Govern ment to invite the Dominions to make : early preparations for approved schemes." The article says that, with little pos sibility of migration to Canada. New ' Zealand and South Africa, the problem 1 boils down to a supply of Britons to Australia, which is failing to keep pace in population growth. The needs of , defence influenced the Commonwealth's decision and this will also have an im ', portant bearing on the types chosen . for the new resettlement scheme. The National Insurance Bill is a good start '. to encourage migration and may have a widely extended immigration appeal ;to skilled workers who are essential l stock for the Dominions. The article emphasised that Aus tralia is obviously under-populated, but the German suggestion that the Com monwealth's capacity is a population of 200 millions before the end of the century is discounted as fantastic. 