Shots Fired In Danish ParliamenlSll8fite . "A', - f = Nazis Demand For Frontier Revision LdNDQN, Thursday:— -A message frpn Copen hagen says a young man made an unsuccessful at tempt; on the life of Herr K. K. Steincke, the Min ister for Justice, to-daj', when he fired several shots in the Parliament building. ' , : The attempt occurcl while Parliament was debating the new Immigration Law, to which the ! Danish Nazis are opposed. _ _ « The young man was sitting in the Visitors ' Gallery with riumijer 1 of | others of his ' own age, who are be- lieved to be Nazis, aft of1 whom- have beeh arrested. ' He fired two shoti at the Minister, biit did hot hiirt hM; Later it appeared that' the shots were fired, riot with the object bf harming anyone, but to draVr Atten tion to some Nazi leaflets Which the demoristra't'br, Erik Westergaard, iiad showered down: They accused : Parlia ment of corruption skid ' misgovern - ment. Westergaard is now under arrest. 'DANES NARROW-MINDED' ' "The Times" Copenhagen corres pondent say s: After tlie revolver in cident Pastor Schmidt, representing the German minority in Parliament, declared the Danes ; were haffow- minded in claiming that "the present ; ' Ger mano-Danish frbntxer establishedby the Treaty of Versailles could be permanent. On the contrary, the Germans and Danes ought to discuss its revision. He added that Denmark need not be nervous in view of Austria fate, as Germany did not intend to ' use force. -Pastor Schmidt admitted' that the Germans enjoyed better cultural conditions in Denmark than elsewhere, but said the position was c'ompletely unsatisfact'ory in principle. Dr. Munch (Foreign Minister) immediately replied that the fron tier was not open for revision.' He added that all the northern coun- tries took the same view. He also referred to the forthcoming nego tiations for military co-ordination between the northern countries. The Nazis in South Jutland are meeting to-day to examine an exten sive programme, including a demand for the re-connection of South Jut land with the German market, 