WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 31. 1938. The patml ship Vigilant will l-er-.ain in port until Thursday. She is n: fuelling, and will also load stores. Thp L.S.n. mercers, 280 FJinlcls Slr«:t. draw attention to their men's mercery advertisement in this issue. Miss Gwenda Norris advertises in this issue particulars of dancing classes to be conducted at her School of Arts Studio. In connection with the Back to Ayr ^yce!^ festivities a rail motor excur sion to Ayr and return will leave Tovrnsville at 6.20 a.m. next Sunday. R R Duncan and Co., Ltd., Rock hampton. will conduct a sale of WO horse.- at the Rockhampton Show Grounds on TucBday and Wednesday. Sep;cmbcr 13 and 14. A carnival old time dance will be conducted in the School of Aits next Saturday night, particulars of which arc advertised In this issue. Con O'Callaghan will conduct an auction rale of household furniture and effects, on the premises, 14 Rclston Street. West End. for Mrs. A. Mitchell, at 11 a.m. to-day. Full Particulars arc advertised in this All oversea passengers, in the in bound flying boat arriving at Bris bane on Monday last decided to s'a ? ot board, rather than travel to th^ wharf at Pinkcnba In the launch, v.hich was tossed about oy the waves mo-e than the flying boat Approximately 1000 tons of general cargo were brought forward from southern ports for local discharge by thp Adelaide Company's inter-State motor thip Manoora on Tuesday. Of this, 210 tons is for transhipment by the outport steamers, Innisfail and Klnlore. The Howard Smith steamer Kin I tore, on her present run North, will extend from Cairns to Cooktown for a shipment of timber. The Kintore left on Tuesday with transhipment ftJundnna°mand CBingpra'a' The°Innls fcil. sailing to-day for river ports as far up Innlsfail, Is also lifting tran | shipment cQt'£o front these Bicnmct*s- ! On licr 761 h vnyaitp. the Auslrallan I Oriental liner Changte. berthed from \ Manila, via Hongkonir. Thui-sdav Is land and Cairns, on Tuesday morning, and after discharging1 a quantity of gpnrral cargo, sailed in the afternoon fr.r Brisbane. Sydney ond Melbourne. She carried 135 passengers for south ern ports. 43 of whom embarked at ThuvsdHV Island, having travelled Ninth by thr Taiplng last week. Dm Tuesday morning, ihe T^vns villi omce of the Queensland PriPiaiy reducers' Association to ik delivery of three brood mares which arrived from South oy train for Mr. R. Molt. Asliton. Prairie. They were ral!«i West during the day. This office also touk deliveiy of a Clydesdale stallion vhieh arrived Horn Brisbane. a S loi thorn bull for Mr. E. E. D. White. :.l Toomha. and an Aberdeen-Angus I till which arrived from Melbourne for Mr. J. M. Chisholm. Wantalayna, Wir.lon. Both the latter were brouc.nl fo-ward by the Manoora. Another large shipment of wool for Brisbane was loaded into the How ard Smith inter-State passpngcr .,n Tuesday. The Kanimbla last week loaded ovei 200(1 bnlip. and the ship ment talten by the Canberra also ex ceeded that figure. Her general cargo t loading included two Jllno logx. 14 slings or Umber, right 'tons of tin clippings, and 10 bags of hides for Brisbane, 73,1 caskl of **Uinr. 12 tons of glue-pieces, MS bags, jrf'-hldes, 662 bundles of hides nnd 12 tons of frozen' beer for Sydney, and 5S6 bales' of bides and 20 tons of chilled Tjcer for Melbourne. . ' The Bank Line steamer MyiUo bank, which haB been in port alnco Tuesday last discharging sulphate of ammonia, will complete that dis charge to-day, and will . be handed over to the Adelaide Company on Thursday morning for a start on sugar. She Is scheduled to load 4000 tons. The Kanangoora will complete her loading of 3000 tons this morning, and off-loading from trucks into the sugar shed will be carried out to-day. The Bungaree, arriving from South on Saturday with general cargo, will load a full cargo of 5000 tons, and the Ulooloo will follow for approximately 1000 tons. . Mr. C. Turner, of Robinson Street, Railway Estate, an exhibitor at (he Brisbane Exhibition, has received the awards gained bv his four entries in the bantam section of the poultry classes. Mr Turner 6ent four birds to the show, which gained four awards, in a section of over 300 birds. One bird won the coveted award of champion hard feather bantam of the fhow. and was narrowly defeated for the championship in the bantam sec tion. The judges disagreeing on this and the champion soft feather bantam of the show, and Mr. Turner's bird being the unlucky one In the drawing. The o-.hcr awards were first priio mr^icrn game ben or pullet and sec and modern game blacK red hen or pullet. It is expected that the enrolment in the School of Mines class in theor etical and practical prospecting win reach 30 this week, says the 'North- ern Miner.' fifteen students are al ready quartered here, and others to make up the full class will reach Charters Towers during the next few days. Thev are drawn from all parts of the State, but the majority arc Brisbane lads, anxious to take advan tage nt tbe Government scheme to provide unemployed youths with training which they can later turn to useful account. During the three months' period or instruction, the final half of which is devoted to field wnrk. the students are sustained by Government funds, and all equipment is provided free of cost to them. It is a matter for surprise and regret that Charters Towers, whose public bodies originally advocated '?-? scheme, has produced so few of 1U own youth for inclusion in it. At the annual conference in Bris bane recently of the Health Inspec tors' Association of Australia, a sub committee was appointed to decide the venue of the next conference. Cairns or Townsville, and to make the neces sary arrangements. Members of . the sub-committee met at the Town Hall on Tuesday and decided to recommend to the branch executive that the 1939 conference be held at Townsville dur ing the last week in July. Tentative arrangements were made for educa tional visits of inspection and also a erles of lectures on matters apper taining to public health. The Northern Crown Prosecutor I Mr. J. P. Q'ulnn) on Tuesday filed a no true bill in tbe case Rex v Robert Donald, who was committed to stand his trial at the next sittings of the Cairns Circuit Court to be held on October 11. on a charge of allegedly stealing a second hand stove at Cook 'I would like to see Customs restric tions cons.tcrably tightened, and Aus .ralia's gateway from the East safe guarded.' said Professor H. R. Seddon, )rofessor of veterinary science at the University of Queensland, discussing before the Royal Society in Brisbane, tbe spread of three-day sickness among Australian cattle. 'The Near East for us,' he added, 'is a nasty spot. We sot tick fever from Java; the worm nodule parasite, which, has affected so many of our beef cattle, came frcm the East. What happened in the spread of three-day sickness is only a warning of what might come.' Australia has probably dozens of un suspected immigrants each week on flying boats and land planes, he said, discussing the possibility of the spread of disease into Australia through air lather than sea transport. A stock owner from Daintific travelled to Nor inanton by 'plane, stopping on the re turn journey a: Coen. he continued. A few days later, without any con tacts with other distant affected areas the cattle disease broke out in Coen Itself. Tbe disease had caused a seri ous drop in bu'.tpr production, finan cial losses to individual nwners. and loss In stud slock. Every precaution should be taken to guard against a similar or greater loss in the future, said Professor Seddon. Tn the Industrial Court on Tuesday morning, Mr. W. Rlllic, Industrial Magistrate, dcltvcrcd his reserved de cision In tbe case In which P. Heat Icy and SonE (Pty.), Ltd, were charged with a breach of the Shop Assistants' Award in that they em ployed Kathleen MacNamara, a shop assistant, to work overtime after 1 p.m. on Saturday, June 25, without written permit first having been ob tained. At the outset, HiB Worship rejected the previous contention by Mr. G. V. Roberts (Roberts, Leu and North), who, instructed by Mr. J. A. Holllday (North Queensland Employ ers' Association), appeared for the defence, that the complaint disclosed no offence, and permitted Mr. Roberts to tender evidence. Mr. Roberts ten dered a letter addressed to W. J. Heatley, F. Heatley and Sons (Pty.) Ltd, from the Under-Secrelary of the Department of Labor and Industry (Mr. F. Walsh), and dated January 14, 1936, in which it was stated it was not compulsory under the award for an employer to obtain permission to work overtime on Saturday after noon or on a Sunday, unless such overtime extended after the hour of 7 p.m. Mr. Stables (Industrial In spector) : The date of that letter is January 14. 1936, and the award un der which this prosecution Ib made is dated May, 1936. At the time that the letter was written, in January, the award then in operation slated that no overtime was to be worked aier 7 p.m. without the written per mission of an inspector of factories and shops, but in the award under which the prosecution was taken out, the 7 p.m. provision was deleted, and the clause read that no overtime shall be worked without the written per mission of such an Inspector. Mr. Roberts submitted the letter was tantamount to leave or consent to work being done by an employee without permission under these cir cumstances, which had not been re voked. After further argument, His Worship imposed a penalty of 30/-, with 6/- costs of court. On Its second visit to Australia, nnd Its first call at Townsville. the new Trans-Atlantic motor ship Kanan goora. the aboriginal word for 'iJoy ' will clear port to-day for Sydnpy dir ect, and it was stated aboard the ship on Tuesday that she will reach Syd ney In between CO and 65 hours, which will necessitate an average sp9ed of In the vicinity of 18 knots per hour. A sister ship of the Goonawarra. she is the second new motor ship of this company to visit Australia during the past 12 months. She was launched on October 14, 1937, and was built especi ally for the Australian trade ln con Junction with the Wllhclmson and Danish lines. She has an overall length of 438 feet, bvadth, moulded, of 5f)ft. 6 Ins.. and a depth, moulded, of 29 fppt. All cargo winches, wind lass, stporlng gear, cabin-heating, and the galley range are electrically oper ated, and all the latest features of modern vessels for the comfort of nav igators as well as passengers are pro vided. The entrance lounge is pan cllod in Swedish oak, and a chande lier in hand-wrought brass hangs from the ceiling. In the smoking room, whore the furniture is made of Swed ish oak in Griosholm model, the cell Ing In antique silver and the walls adorned with paintings by a Swedish artist attracts attention. A new bvs lem of air conditlonir,- r.'id ventila tion, or Swedish Invention, is Installed. mand of Captain Lillieeliema, who. previously, for IB years, was In the command of the Tisnaren. He has been in the service of this company for 30 years, mostly in command of vessels engaged on the Australian trade On this trip, the Kanangoora left Gothenburg with a general cargo which she discharged In the South. At Brisbane, she commenced her sugar loading with 300 tons and proceeding to Gladstone she took in a further IjOO tons. At Townsville. she is load ing 200 tons of sugar, and at noon to day she will leave for Sydney to com mence loading wool. She will con tinue on to Adelaide and Fremantle, and expects to reach Dunkirk 28 days after leaving West Australia. The great Jubilee Sale at McKim min's is still in full swing, and the Dross and Silk Department are offer Ing the following specials: Snow White Kobe Crepes at 113d, 36' Fancy Kobe Crepes at 1/6. Pure Silk Plain Colored Georgette at 1/3, White and Colored Spun Silks at lOkd. White and Fancy Voiles, special price IHd. 36' Fancy bordered Kobe Crepes at 1/11, Special lot of colored Geisha Ellks at 6d, Plain Colored Mervenes at 9d. Plain and Fancy Silk Llnencs 2/11 for 1/11. Special line of Fancy Cambrics at 6td, Pretty Floral Hair cords at S!d. A fresh lot of Silk and Cotton Dress RcmnantB In good use ful lengths at genuine half price, and don't fall to sec the Big Bargain Tables In all Department at McKlm mln's during the great Jubilee Sale* Last Three Days! Of the visit of Miss Thelma Besant from the London and New York Salons of Cyclax. Miss Besant will be in daily attendance at Heatley's until Friday next only, and, as her time is heavily booked, ad vance appointments are recommend ed. The perfectly equipped Cyclax Salon at Heatley's is under the sup ervision of Miss Valerie Thomas. Miss Besant will be on the air from 4TO to-night at 7 30. Only once in 50 years McKlmmin's Golden Jubilee Sale and here's some Bargains for the Womenfolk. A spec ial Table of Ladles' Felt and Straw Hats, all reduced to 2/115. Another special Bargain: Ladles' Felt Berets and an assortment of Straw Hats to clear at 1/- each at McKlnunln's Gol den Jubilee Sale to-day.* 