Anzac Day v By M-cT.MacNalmy ANZAC Day ! What a world of meaning this has for Australians at home and abroad. That dawn off Gallipoli was the birth of a nation. The service that is held at dawn every Anzac Day to commemorate the landing no doubt brings to the survivors a vision of grey ships creeping quietly to an anchorage off a foreign coast. They remember the boats being filled, the tightening of belts, the whispered command, the muffled oars, the dash over board into an inferno of shot and shell, and the completion of the first phase of an enterprise. That enterprise has gone, and will continue to go down through the years as a tribute to the skill and courage of the Australian soldier. 'T'IME goes so quickly. It does not seem a year since we last saw the march through our streets, but even this small passing brings another stray line or two to the kindly faces of men with badges, who. shoulders back and heads up, arrive from all parts of the State to join in the march. They are kindly men. Hate is not and never has been a part of their make-up. E. T. Ray mond, a distinguished writer, has stated: 'The British were the only soldiers in the great war who could never be taught to hate.' That is a fact, not only of our soldiers and sailors but of British stock all round. Great and glorious fighters, maybe, but not good haters. The other morning at Mount Lofty I was talk ing to an ex-soldier, who had been through the war from the start to the finish, serving with the Royal Artillery, and he cordially agreed with the remarks of Raymond. 'Yes,' he said, 'that's a fact. We didn't hate the enemy and they knew it. We had a job to do and we did it to the best of our ability, but no utter dislike and callousness ever seemed to get us. 'Why, on the Piave, when we helped the Italians and captured thousands of Austrians, it was evident the Austrians were glad they had fallen into our hands. Their surprise when they were rounded up by Tommies and Frenchmen, who they never dreamed were on the spot, was remarkable. ''Oh! Ze Inglese; ver* glad to see you,' said many who knew a little English, and, by jove, they were glad. They showed it in every way.' ? ? ? rpfflS spirit of toleration and forgiveness is a quality peculiar to the British race. How is it that this is so? and how did our mixed race (for we are a mixed race) acquire it? and why did not the other mixed races from the same stock learn the same lesson? The English, or British, have always been a mixed race, and we know that, in modern times. we have intermarried with immigrants and refu gees from the Netherlands, France, Poland, Rus sia, Italy, and other nations. We call ourselves Anglo-Saxon, but we are no more Anglo-Saxon than we are Japanese or Prussians. We are Bri tish, and our main stock, Mr. Arthur Weigall definitely states, 'is the irrepressible River Drift Briton who was here tens of thousands of years before Hengist and Horsa first trod a corsair's deck.' Well! How did this mixed race acquire the habit of forbearance? If you read English his tory, you will find that the Saxons had quite a lot to do with it. The early Saxon invaders were terrible men and dour fighters. A graphic de scription of them taken from a' Roman poet tells— 'They are fierce beyond other foes, and cun ning as they are fierce; the sea their school of war, and the storm their friend.' I once read a story of a monk who, hearing a commotion outside the convent thought it wa.c the Saxons, and shut himself up in his cell and prayed all night. But in the morning he was greatly relieved to find it was only the devil! Well, men of such 'ferocity may have been good haters, but there remains the fact that Alfred, the Saxon King, after beating the Danes, took the Danish King and some of -his generals to his castle and feasted them right royally, and sent them free upon their way on their promise of good behaviour. Please, also, don't let us forget that in the trenches in Flanders the Saxons were our least vindictive enemies. Tradition, it would appear, then, counts more than race. * * . ? HPHE French and English, according to scien tists, are blends of the same stock. What stamps them into different nations is not here dity but environment. We differ from each other in outlook and customs, because of the dif ferences in our history, our literature, our cli mate, and our religion. It is a fact that much of our English character is due to the fact that our forebears lived on an island' and were always busy with the sea. We have said that race counts very little. How little we may see by the fact that children of Dutch, Swedish, German, and French parents become very Australian when brought up on Australian lines and methods. Why should we, the Germans. French, and others, hate or mistrust one another? It cuts no ice, dries no tears, heals no wounds. Suspicion, envy, and malice only lead to evil temper and war. It is a God-sent gift that our people cannot be taught to hate. How often have you. I, and everyone seen a man knocked down and his op ponent striding up and saying, 'Had enough? Well, put it there!' And they go on better friends than ever before. This, then, is the dominant spirit of the British race, and the whole bearing of those steadfast men you will see in this yearly march past shows it. Anzac Day! It is with us again, and let us remember all that it means and what it stands for. It is the birthday of a nation. THE LANDING OF THE ANZACS — This famous painting by Charles Dixon, R.A., which hangs in the King's Hall at Parliament House, Canberra, U reproduced by courtesy of the Commonwealth Government. THE LANDING OF THE ANZACS — This famous painting by Charles Dixon, R.A., which hangs in the King's Hall at Parliament House, Canberra, U reproduced by courtesy of the Commonwealth Government. A Profit In His Own Country 