Our Sydney Letter (From Our Special Representative) THE POLITICAL PENDULUM Strange the' swing of the political pendulum. Not so long ago the State U.A.P. was a model of unity with a seeming mortgage on the reins of Government for many years to come, opposed only as it was by, a divided -Labor Party. To-day, that unity Is gone, either temporarily or permanently, and It might not be an exaggeration to say that the LLA.P. Is not such a great deal bet ter off; so far as unity is concerned, than the Labor Party, except that the former has more, parliament ary strength. Nor are the rival Labor leader/;, Lang and Hefdon, {letting any grass grow under their feet. For -once they are more. or less united in a common purpose — an effort to get the Bkids under Mr. Stevens and his Government. Both are using their respective newspapers to this end. Lang started the rumor, with the air of one who knew, that the Premier would shortly become Sir Bertram and would accept a lucrative position abroad with Lord Nuffield. The fact that Nuffield was for a lime the per sonal guest of the Premier lent color to the story. The rumor was taken up immediately by the Heffrou tot lowing. If Mr. Stevens does go it will probably be. a race, to the pre miership between. Messrs. Spooner and Martin, .with the former the fav orite. Incidentally, the denials that there has been formed a definite anti- Stevens faction, comprised of certain members of the parliament ary U.A.P., published in the metro poiitan press; cannot disguise the fact that that faction is there. Tlie bitterest critics of tlie Premier are Messrs. Chaffey, Sband and Bate, foi obvious reasons. Cabinet is more, than a little worried over the posi tion, aud it is known that more than one secret meeting has been held to discuss the situation. Efforts may be made to placate the more irate opponents of Cabinet. THAT S.P. LEGISLATION It is doubtful whether Cabinet's projected S.P. legislation will bv any thing but a dismal failure. Mr. Lee (U.A.P., Drummoyne), an ex-Minister for Justice, expresses the opinion that the biil will never see the light of day in the House, and that even il It does It will be altered so drastic ally, with the support of the rank aud file of the U.A.P., that Cabinet will not want to push on with it After all the talk and publicity it will be difficult for Cabinet to back down, and shelve the bill without even pre s^uiiu£ ii lu uiu . nuubt, anu uiuiua tions are that Cabinet -will go ahead with its plans, even in the face of the threatened opposition from with in the party. The bili, however, will have a stormy passage, and allega tions that Cabinet consulted the A.J.C. and certain race clubs in re gard to some of the provisions in (he till will be freely made, due argu ment certain to he. used us^'iist the measure, and possibly in favor of a limited number t£ lic-nsc-d i..V. shops, will be the position- of those followers of racing in the country. That every country towii, without ex ception, has it? S.r. opos- iilov.s :s an open secret, and if UiO:i-\ by drastic legislation, arc driven out ot busi ness, the huge number of country bettors, will bo without facilities to back their fancies, since they can not come down to Sydney to attend race meetings, nor Ije expected to do so. It is held in certain puarlcrs that it would be better if country people were denied facilities to bet on city race meetings, but the moral rights and wrongs of S.P. betting are, of course, a different matter, and one for individual argument. One fact emerges clearly. The majority ol politicians, including the rank and file of all parties, and quite a few Cabinet ministers us well, would like to see the whole matter dropped, and the law administered in the future as it has been in the past without further parliamentary action. Hum orously enough, S.P. bets can be placed in Parliament House itself on any race day, aud quite a few mem bers have their private 'flutter.' THE STATE LOTTERY The reasoning of the Premier and certain 'Iof his Cabinet Ministers on the subject of the Stale Lottery iis indeed difficult tn follow, and their ways linrd to understand. On the one hand. Messrs. Stevens and Co. complain of the cost to the Govern ment of hospit'il lidmiuistrulion, and point out thai tlie lottery, although: showing more than £800,000 profit last year, is insufficient to keep the hospilais, throwing a heavy burden on Government finances. On (lie other hand the same Messrs. Stevens and Co. refuse in horrified accents to increase the size of the loltcry, add to its profits, bring it into line with lotteries in other Slates and keep in New South Wales the monny sent out of it. And this despite re presentations to the contrary lmde by the Hospitals Association. The Premier would move for the aboli tion of the lottery, but fears to do so because of its popularity, sN)i\n every day by the thousands who jostle aud wait in long queues at the lottery office to buy tickets. On tUo question of the moral rights auci wrongs of the lottery no more need be said than this: The lottery is either right or it is wrong. 1C it is right Ihen let us liave bigger lotteries for the benefit of subscribers and hospitals. If it is wrong then let us aboiish the one we have aud find sonic other way to keep the hospi tals. Gambling in a small lottery is dearly just «s wrong — or just as right — as gambling in a Wisely one. ABOLISHING PARLIAMENTS ; The abolition of State Parliaments has often been discussed and fie quentiy held to be desirable, but ihf majority ot people have realise! that' asking State members to abolish their jobs aud commit political sui cide was asking the impossible. Kov, however, a brand new jiolittcal body has been formed in Sydney— it will be known as the Australian Inde pendent League — which will work «1th this end in view. It will also try to unite the Independent pol itical forces in the State, and seek redress in such matters as taxation, high cost of government, machine politics, ;md delegated government. Having been united into a party, however, it would seem that the In dependents might cease to become independents. The League wiil have many fupporlejs, (hough, in any move to abolish Slate Parliaments, leaving only the Commonwealth to govern the laud. After all, good ad ministration is more to be desired than the multiciplicity of laws and accumulation of taxes aud depart mental costs. As the late Sir Henry Parkes put it, the best thing for a nation was few laws aud those laws embodying sound principles of uni versal application. A FALSE ALARM From the publicity given to the £lC,t)00,«Oo drop in the Ccmmon wealtli wool cheque this year and 'statements made about it, anyone would think it was a national calam ity, and the- forerunner of another de pression. Nothing could be further from the truth and the alarm is a false one. 'There has been no drop in the, market and even if ihe wool Aptif t ' * rb lower1 'tlie average prices reaiisfcd; -vero on a par with (hose of last year and better than the average over the last five -years. Less wool was sold, but plenty was held over and will go to swell this year's export which may yet prove a record. Fur ther, the wool export was less than last year but higher than many other years since 1930. Again, what has been lost in wool has been made up by increases in other exports, notably gold, wheat and butter. That there are some threats to prosperity can not be denied. In Sydney higher rents, food prices, and general cost of living have decreased the spend ing power of the public, .vhile an other threat is the slowing up of building which will soon become noticeable, caused by the increased cost of building material. As yet, however, there is little need to be unduly pessimistic about the future. Pessimism often proves to be thn twin brother of dem-esrion THE WAGES TAX It is expected that an announce ment will be made shortly by the Premie!- that his promise at the elections to reduce the Wages Tax has been kept. The announcement of the reduction, however, will not cause much joy among the payers of (he tax. Again it will be on a slldins scale, according (o a man's family, and the benefit will be only a matter of ;a penny or two alt the most, The Government has discarded all pre tense that the money is for the. un employed, the purpose for which the tax was first imposed, for the main reason that it claims there, are hardly any unemployed. The Premier does not intend, however, to sacrifice this easy source of income, while he can possibly hauy on to it; Nor do these small reductions lessen. the in come from the tax very much: The greater number of people in work the greater the tax. Even with two reductions the (Government wiil te given as much as ever from this in iquitous lax. THE WRONG TYPE OP . IMMIGRANT While it is true that Australia must have more' population, the action of the Federal Government in' allowing the influx of Southern Europ'eans'to continue is having a harmful effect on Australian industry and Austral ian employment which must grow worse as time goes on. The, remarks in Sydney last week ol the, Chief In dustrial Magistrate, when flojng Ital ians for breaches of industrial awards, are, unfortunately, only *,too true.. He said that some . uiduBtr jes; were passing out. of Australian info, foreign hands, adding that this was, due tp the inability of honest AiistraHanB to compete with the .low standard of wages and conditions of those sup planting them. It is 'aseriei'ul matter to the nation and to every State. Yet the Federal Government continues to open the gates of the Commonwealth to the horde of Southern Europeans who knock thereon each year,' ? but bolts and bars those .same gates to Dutch, Danish, German, and other Immigrants, who would 'not be for eigners for long, and who would make far more desirable citizens than those aiiens who flock into the country and compete unfairly against Australians by setting up conditions which would be hardly acceptable even to the East ern races. Let us have immigration by all means, but by-all means let us have the right type of immigrant, or none at all. . . THORBY IS UNLUCKY The Minister - for Defence; .:. Mr. Thorty, is one of the unluckiest men' ever occupy a Cabinet position. In less than a year this C.P. member has struck more trouble than many Cabinet Ministers have in. a lifetime. Air Mail delays, R.A.A.F. crashes, and now flying boat trouble have all been laid at his door. The metro politan press is attacking him as no other Cabinet minister lias been at tacked for years. Whether or not Mr. Thorby deserves 'all the'liicks he is getting is, perhaps, a matter for the putlic to judge. In all faSAjess, how ever, the conclusion is inescapable that the Minister cannot be held solely to blame for everything that goes wrong in matters over which his department happens to have control. It would be difficult to prove that Mr. Thorby is any less efficient than his predecessor, who suffered little moW in the way of criticism than falls to the lot of the average Cabinet min ister. So far the criticism levelled at the Minister for Defence has been more destructive than constructive. THE COST OF CARS Some importance, is attached to the visit to Australia of Baron von Oertzen, of Germany, whoss express ed intention is to establish a market here for the German D.K.W. cars and Diesel trucks. The Commonwealth would derive little, if any benefit from the trade with Germany, but the fact that two thirds of the cars are to be manufactured here, only the mechan ism being imported, will provide more work and more employment in Aus tralia. The D.K.W. is two cylindercd and in the 'baby' class. It can be manufactured cheaply and could be turned out at a price within every body's reach if it were not for the tariff. This, of course, applies to all cars. The average American car costing £350 to £400 in Australia can be turned out for approximately £50 in America and sold there for less than £100 in some cases. 'With petrol at a few pence a gallon motor trans port in the U.S.A. js the cheapest way of getting about. But in Australia buyers pay for a lot they /don't get, and the Federal Government pockets the difference after the Gustoms De partment has collected it. !' Farm machinery too, comes into the ' same category. THE SPEED LIMIT It is seldom thut an Opposition is behind the Government it opposes, and it is even rarer to find the Stale Labor Party behind the Premier, but any move in the State Parliament to remove the 30-mile an hour speed limit will be opposed by Labor which will vole, if need be, with the Govern ment, or at any rate with Cabinet, to retain this much criticised legislation. 