WHY WOOLWORTH HEIRESS GAVE UP U. S. CITIZENSHIP THE recent renunciation of her American citizenship by Countess Barbara Hutton Haugwitz-Reventlow, the Woolworth heiress, who has as sumed the Danish nationality of her husband, is discussed in an article in the "New York Times." The action was taken to resolve "various legal complications." The attorneys would not explain what the "various legal complications" were, says the article, but it was pointed out otherwise by tax experts that the coun. tess has now put in a barrier to the collection of estate taxes by the Unit ed States, which would take about two-thirds of her 45,000,000 dollars es tate when it passes to her two-year old son. Lance Haugwitz-Ieventlow, who was born in London and who has been declared a Dane by his father. The action by the countess gives particular interest to the figures pub lished in 1936 during one of her re current disputes with the income tax collector, They showed that her for tune in 1933 was in excess of 45,000,000 dollars, and that 32,000,000 dollars of this was in Government securities of the country to which she has now "abjured all allegiance and fidelity." Free of Income Tax Whether she would sell these secu rities and take the proceeds to Den mark was a subject which her attor neys said they did not care to discuss. Since the interest paid by the Govern ment bonds is exempt from income Stax however, there would seem no ne I cessity to dispose of them, in the opin I ion of tax experts, if the change in the citizenship of the countess puts them out of seach of estate tax. Another question that could not be answered was why this dual nation ality which the countess now found to be such "an unsatisfactory situation" r had not caused any renuncia'Aon of r citizenship during her earlier marriage \- to Prince Alexis .ldivani. 1 The statute in either case was that "a woman citizen of the United ;States shall not cease to be a citizen of the United States by reason of her mar \- riage, unless she makes a formal re- f nunciation of her citizenship before a r court hsv'ing jurisdiction over naturali C satieon of eliens." Divorce and Remnarriage U Prince Alexis was a Georgian, like v Stalin, but so unlike hint otherwise \- that he had to travel on a League of Nations (or Nansen) passport as a \- man without a country. Since there Is was no renuhciation of United States it citizenship during this marriage, the former Miss hutton was relieved of her d first dual nationality by the divorce granted to her in Reno on May 13, 1935. The day after the divorce, however, she acquired her next dual citizen ship by marrying Count Kurt Haug witz- Reventlow. Under the statutes of the United States the countess is now as com pletely a Dane as if she had been born in Denmark. Divorce or the death of her husband will not change her sta. tus. She can become 'an American again only by doing what any other Danish immigrant must do. Danish Passport Used Otherwise her present renunciation of United States citizenship is revocable only in one event-if the United States goes to war with any other nation within one year from the date on whi-q she signed the papers. It was learned that- the countess, tak ing advantage of her Danish nation ality in Denmark, had already provided herself with a Danish passport. It was on this that she made her last en. try and departure from New York. According to the sworn vital statis tics on the renunciation form, tire countess was born in- New York City on November i2; 1912. The count was born on September 23, 1895. 