LOCAL PRODUCERS' CONFERENCE PROBLEMS OF DAIRYING AND COTTON INDUSTRIES 140 RESOLUTIONS ON AGENDA ROCKHAMPTON. June 17. APPROXIMATELY 40 delegates of Local Producers' Associations attended , the Central District Conference which opened at Anzac House yesterday, when resolutions dealing with the problems of the dairying and cotton industries received attention. A total of 140 resolutions are contained in the agenda ; the majority of these will be dealt with at today's session. The following delegates were present: Messrs R. R. Kothling, Machine Creek; R. H. Brake. Don River ; W. Lehfeldt. Kalapa— Bushloy ; W. J. B. Tonkin. Parkhurst ; H. O. R. P. Hanschen. Milman; J. W. Byatt, Braeewell ; H. E. Woodman, Cedar Vale ; H. G. Ware, Wilmott ; A. C. Anderson, Ambrose ; G. Ferguson, Mannor ; G. R. Cos, Kianga ; C. Buttenvell, Willawa ; A. Hobson, Rinma ; R. S. MeLintock, Goo vigen ; T. Olsen, jun., The Caves and Etna Creek : M. Boyle, Yafwun ; E. G. Beaman, Boyne Valley ; E. Schuene mann, .Goovigen ; C. G. Young. Wowan; J. P. German, Dalma Scrub ; J. J. Bauer, W'atalgan : H. P. Dillon, Koko tunga; A. Bell, Greycliffe; P. Marson, Pheasant Creek ; W. H. Tesch, Bera jondo ; G. Amos, Mullet Creek ; W. G. Finger, Baffle Creek ; D. N. Henricks, Tottenham : T. P. Bryson and J. L. T. Blarkwell. Baralaba ; J. H. J. Koets, Alma Creek ; P. Dwyer, Bouldercombe ; F. R. Hendy, Rockha'mpton ; F. Morris, Alton Downs and Xine Mile ; A. J. McPherson. Buneru ; K. Broszat, Gar nant ; J. J. Lester, Bororen ; J. Car roll, Byfield : G. Milne, Ridgelands : and J. 'V. Sullivan (Mackay Ward). Mr R. M. Hill (representative of the Butter Board) and Mr E. Brabiner (representative of the Council of Agri culture) were also present. Conference was opened by the Mayor (Mr R. W. Evans) at the 'invitation of the chairman. The Mayor said that he had sufficient intelligence to recognise that agricul ture came first in industry throughout the world. According to a leading article in 'The Morning Bulletin' some doubt existed about 60 year6 ago as to whether food supplies would be suffi cient to meet the future demand, but at the present time the problem did not seem to be nearly so acute. Farmers were now able to Eupply from one acre as much as required five acres to supply about 50 years ago, this being the re sult of scientific research and the good work accomplished by such conferences as that which he was about to open. Referring to the progress of trans port and its benefits to the primary producer, the Mayor said he wished to pay tribute to the excellent work being carried out by the Main Roads Com mission in the construction of roads in the country. He did so in the face of much nritici«ni, -which he considered to be unjust. 'There is not the slightest doubt that there i« prosperity in Australia,' said the Mayor. 'There is evidence of it everywhere and I am pleased to 6ee that a move has been made to bring about intelligent immigration. Handled properly, I think it is a pood thing.' The Mayor officially declared the con ference open and extended his best wishes for its success. A vote of thanks was moved by Mr W. Lehfeldt, seconded by Mr R R. Nothling, and carried by acclamation. The chairman introduced Mr D. J. M. Daniel. M.L.A., who, in brief response, said that the present conference was the third he had attended. Tf he gained as much knowledge from it us he had from the others, his time would not have been wasted. He was whole heartedly in favour of the conference, as he realised the advantage of organi sation. It could be borne out by the fact that only last week Australian butter in London had broueht the same price as Danish butter. That was an achievement of which primary producers could well be proud. CHAIRMAN'S ANNUAL REPORT. The annual report presented by the chairman was aa follows : The following district executive was elected at the Central Queensland Dis trict Conference held at the School of Arts, Rockhampton, on June 16, 17, and 18, 1937 : Messrs H. R. Brake (chairman), R. R. Xothling (district delegate to the Council of Agriculture), T. P. Bryson, W. Lehfeldt, and J. M. Fletcher (district secretary). Owing to the fact that the Mackay ward was not represented on the execu tive it was recommended by confer ence that provision be made for such representation and that the Mackay ward delegate be allowed to sit on the executive. This recommendation was accordingly sent on to the Council of Agriculture, which accepted it and Mr J. V. Sullivan, the Mackay ward ielegate at the district conference, was iceordingly notified of the Council ol Agriculture's decision. There were four meetings held dur ing the year, and the volume of busi less handled by the district executive :ully justified that body's contention :hat there should be, at least, six mem jers to allow of the expeditious hand ing of its business. The present sys ;em cauEes a considerable amount of lelay, which militates against its !fforts to bring matters brought before t to a speedy and successful conclu sion. This is particularly noticeable n matters of purely local importance, rhich form a considerable proportion of he executive's business. Several motions were referred by I district conference to the district ! executive for attention by that body. Included in that number were the following : (1) 'That conference discuss the method of cream grading, as done at present, with a view to some action being taken.' This (matter was discussed at the first meeting of the new executive and the secretary was instructed to inform the Upper Ulam L.P.A. from which the motion emanated, that up to the pre sent no exact scientific method of grading cream has been discovered. It has to depend on the human factor, represented by specially qualified and trained men. The gradings of these men are checked by periodic visits from the Government grader. A further, indirect check is that obtained by the periodic returns furnished by each fac tory to the Department of Agriculture and Stock, and to the Queensland Butter Board. A still further check is furnished by the ^Government's audits of the factory's books, which include the returns to suppliers. (2) 'That conference request a rise in the price paid for bobby calves by the C.Q.M.E. Co., as the price paid in the south is Jd. per lb. above that paid locally ; also, though the price of calf skins has advanced 2d. per lb. in re cent months, such increase has not 'loon fanaiiraJ Ki- 4- Via (n vmnvi . **r« *?*«_ quest, therefore, that calves be sold, plus skin vnlu. . . as is done in the case of sheep.' The district executive took this mat ter up with the company concerned, and received a reply that the price of bobby calves were being advanced to Id. perlb. which the company 'considered would be a satisfactory price to farmers. The statement regarding the increase in tlu1 price of calf skins was definitely wrong, as prices had slumped and not advanced a& stated in the motion. In arriving a* the price, due allowance was made for a steady price, which should be much more satisfactory to the farmers than an ' up and down ' price based on skin values. The company pointed out that, on top of Id. per lb. it paid the cost of convey ance, whether by rail or truck, as well as the agent's commission. ? Thi6 infor mation was forwarded on to the Tar ginnie L.P.A., which was responsible for the motion. WATER ON RESERVES. (3) That the Government be asked to supply a permanent water supply, either bore or tank, on Government reserves for the use of those whose water supply is liable to give out during drought time. This matter was taken up with the department concerned, which pointed out that the matter of providing a water facility on Government reserves was one for the local authority. The Greycliffe L.P.A. was accordingly Bo advised, with the added information that such a facility can be granted by a local authority, and the cost covered by a subsidy loan granted for approved works. The local authority assumes responsibility for one-third of the cost, as a loan, repayable in 10 years, and can declare the area served by such facility a benefited area. The balance of the amount expended consists of a subsidy, one-third being provided by the State and one-third by the Federal Government. This portion being a 'grant is interest and redemption free. (4) That the Railway Department be isked to put a rail motor, for the con veyance of cream, on the Rockh&mpton-; (jriaastone line. In answer to representations by the district executive the department stated that the cream business on this section was too heavy for a rail motor service, even if one were available. Therefore, the department could not ..ccede to the request. (b) That the Railway Department be asked to reduce the railage on wireless bbtteries sent for recharging purposes. The district sscretary interviewed the Gcncal Manager of 'Railways in the Central Division on this matter, and he stated that the matter was one which would have to be considered on a State wide basis, and that, following advice from the Commissioner, no reduction could be made at the present time. How ever, he stated that he would again go into the matter when he went to Bris bane. (5) That the cost of wireless licences be reduced 25 per cent, and that schools h-? exempted from payment. In the course of a reply to the uis trict executive's communication on the that the fee paid by broadcast listeners was kept under constant review by the department. He pointed out that, owing ;d the heavy expenditure to be incurred by the repartment in it8 scheme to pro vide all the essentials for an efficient service, and the additional heavy expen diture to be incurred progressively dur ing the next few years, a reduction, at the present time, could no tbe justified. In connexion with the request for a concesBoin on behalf of school*, it had been decided to limit the concession of free licences to blind persons owing to the administrative difficulties which would be experienced in deciding which applications should be accepted and which rejected. (6) 'That all stock licks be classed as 6tock food for freight purposes on the railways.' The secretary was instructed to in form the Tottenham L.P.A. that stock I licks have been placed in the same classification for freight purposes as pollard, etc. This had been done fol lowing representations made by Mr Bulcock as Minister for Agriculture and Stock and as president of the Q.P.A. to the Railway Department. (7) 'That the Port Curtis Dairy As sociation Ltd take up the whole matter of the pollution of the Dee River with the authorities, and that samples of water be sent to it to enable it to place a concrete case be fore those authorities.' The association collected samples from various points along the river and sent them to the Dairy Research Laboratory with a covering letter, a copy of which the secretary was in structed to send to the L.P.A'b con cerned. This matter has not yet been finalised. (8) 'That the Council of Agricul ture be asked to cooperate with the dairy associations in asking the Rail way Department for a reasonable inclu sive rate for the material for dairy buildings, including cement, purchased through the scheme inaugurated by the Council of Agriculture.' The council, in reply to representa tions by the district executive on the lines of the above motion, stated that the interests of the dairymen in this district would be best served by its joining with the P.C.D. Association Ltd in any appeal it might consider desir able for a concession on railway freights for dairy building material. This material could be purchased cheaper locally than by bringing it irom nrisoane to central v^ueenBiana, and conference has been assured that the P.C.D. Association would assist in this regard. (9) 'That the unemployment relief tax be abolished.' As this matter was being discussed at the State conference it was decided to fall into line with whatever de cision was arrived at by that body. (10) 'That the motion carried at the last Central Queensland district conference regarding inquiry into the cost of producing butter in Australia and asking the Federal Government to subsidise the price up to the cost of production be treated as urgent and pressed with all possible dispatch.' This matter was held over in view of the very definite promise made by the Federal Government that it would give consideration to the appointment of such a Board of Inquiry, the subject matter of the motion. Up to tbe present this promise has not been fulfilled, the reason being given that the question as to what Department would be the competent one to hold such an inquiry has not been finalised. Amongst other things taken up by the district executive was the matter of securing publicity for the organisa tion in the district, and the Council of matter. The district executive con sidered that the more publicity the organisation received in the local Press the more efficiently it could work. The Council of Agriculture agreed that the local Press should be encouraged, and empowered the district executive to get any necessary printing done locally, providing that its approval was sought first. HOUSING OF SETTLERS. One of the most important questions handled by the district executive dur ing the year was one that arose out of a motion discussed at the district conference and concerned the housing of settlers. This motion had been sent on to the State conference and had been carried there. The Minister's reply to the repre sentations made by the Council of Agriculture did not satisfy the district executive, which made further repre sentations, and asked for certain modifications in the present Act. In view of the unsatisfactory nature of the result of these further representa tions the district executive has decided to lay the whole correspondence before the conference with a request for further instructions on the matter. The L.P.A's concerned were com municated with on the matter contained in the motion, requesting that the pur chasing price of land fronting the Dee River be reduced owing to the fact that the contamination of the water in that river by the Mt Morgan Com pany had rendered the water useless for either domestic or stock purposes. Pending the receipt of the report on the Bamples taken from the river, previously mentioned in this report, no action can be taken. Following on the request of the Dalma Scrub L.P.A., through the dis trict executive, the Cotton Board has advised that there is no possibility of an oil expression mill being erected in Rockhampton, as the present mill at Whinstanes has never run at maximum capacity on seed grown in Queensland, and therefore the erection of such a mill would be economically unsound. In addition to the matters mentioned above, numerous requests for informa tion and for the assistance of tha txecutive in purely local matters were received and dealt with. The district executive was requested by the Council of Agriculture to assist Mr K. R, Hack, the State organiser, ta his tour of the district by planning i/ut his itinerary and accompanying him chrough the areas in which the indi vidual members reside. The executive, realising the importance of the work lie was doing in the interests of the primary producers, verj willingly ac ceded to this request and gave all the assistance in its power. It is to be hoped that his visit will dispel some of the apathy which un doubtedly exists among the producers and male them realise the importance of pulling together, as it is only by doing so they can secure the benefits to which they are entitled. Every other Bection of the community is thoroughly organised, and the primary producer must do the same. In conclusion the district executive wishes to thank the L.P.A.s for the sup port accorded it during the past year, which has been a very trying one in this district. The extremely dry condi tions prevailing militated against the proper functioning of the L.P.A.s, the members of which, in most cases, were so fully occupied in attending to their stock that they had very little time to attend to organisation matters. With the break of the drought, how ever, members will be able to devote their attention to these matters once more, and we can confidently look for ward iio a revival of the interest dis played by primary producers in the activities of their organisation — the Queensland Producers' Association The financial statement showed a credit baalnce of £4 11s. 4d. ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN. Three delegates, Messrs Lehfeldt, Brake, and Bryson, were nominated for the position of chairman of the execu tive. An exhaustive ballot resulted in Mr Lehfeldt being elected. Mr J. M. Fletcher was reappointed secretary. Mr R. R. Nothling was appointed to the position of representative on the Council of Agriculture. The district executive was appointed at* follows : Messrs Lehfeldt, Nothling, Fletcher, Brake, and Bryson. POLLUTION OF DEE RIVER. Reporting on correspondence concern ing the alleged contamination of the Dee River, Mr R. M. Hill said that samples were taken, from which it was found that the water was contaminated. He suggested that the conference should take the matter up with the Mines De partment or the Department of Health, with a request that an investigation be made. On the motion of Mr Eoets it was de cided that the case be submitted to the Minister for Mines and the Minister for Health. The first resolution on the agenda dealt with the dairying industry. In moving that the Dairy Act be re viewed in consultation with representa tives of the dairying industry, to be elected by the Council of Agriculture, Mr J. H. J. Eoets said that dairymen were being harassed in many ways. He considered that half the regulations could be cut out without endangering the quality of butter. Stating the motion was a little too vegue, Mr J. V. Sullivan moved an amendment that the Council of Agricul ture be asked to appoint a committee to discuss with dairy representatives of the nine district executives the Dairy Act and possible modification. Mr K. M. Hill said that the time Was ripe for the appointment of an advisory board on the same lines as the Sugar Board. A further amendment was submitted by Mr Brake that the Minister for Agri culture appoint an advisory committee, to be elected by representatives of the industry. After consultation between movers of the two amendments, the following re solution was carried: That the Minister for Agriculture approve of the appoint ment of an advisory committee as a con sultant body on all matters relative to regulations and amendments of Acts pertainig to the dairying industry and all other matters of interest, such com mittee to consist of five members, three t' be actively engaged in cream, cheese, and milk producing, one to represent the manufacturers, and one, a technical officer, to represent the Government. The original resolution, as moved by Mr Eoets, was also adopted. COST OF BUTTER PRODUCTION. 'My association was of opinion that To per cent of our motions to the Gov ernment arise out of being paid too little for our product, causing us to go cap in hand, for Government aid at every little setback,' said Mr Ware, in moving : ' That we press for a eoni' mission of inquiry into the cost of pro ducing a pound of butter in Australia, and when such cost is determined, that we go for that price, even if it entails a restriction in the production of butter.' An amendment submitted by Mr Sul livan was carried in the following form: ' That we press for a commission of in quiry into the cost of producing a pound of butter in Australia, and when nucu uusi ib aetermineu, mat we tiute a firm stand when that price is obtained.' It was further decided that a case for the appointment of a commission of in quiry be prepared by the district execu tive, and that tbe assistance of other executives be sought. In moving ' that all registered bulls he. compelled to pass a Government test before they can be offered for 6ale,' the Cedar Vale delegate said he thought tbe Government should give security against disease in all registered bulls that were sold. Many delegates opposed the motion on the grounds that provision was al ready made for the testing of stock. The motion was lost. The following resolution was allowed to lapse : ' That all dairy bulls be de horned at two years old.' (Lawgi— Kariboi). PURCHASE OP BUTTER BY GOVERNMENT. A motion, ' That the Commonwealth Government be approached with a re quest that it purchase the whole of the butter produced in Australia, and pay the butter producers a price for it which will ensure a living wage,' met with lively opposition. Mr J. P. German said that dairymen were protected by the Butter Board and the Equalisation Co., and it would be bad business for producers to allow the Government to acquire butter and mar ket it. The motion was defeated. The following resolution, submitted by th Lawgi — Kariboi Association, was also lost : ' That the Dairy Cattle Improvement Act be either enforced or repealed.' A further resolution dealing with dis ease was carried as follows : ' That con ference approach the State Government with a view to asking .it to compensate owners of dairy stock which have to be destroyed owing- to being infected with tuberculosis, on a CO per cent basis.' A motion submitted by the Cedar Vale Association, ''That at least 28 days' notice be given by the dairy in spectors of an intention to condemn cream cans, to enable dairymen to pur chase new ones,' was lost, but the fol ljwing resolution, moved by Mr R. S. McLintock, was carried : ' That the dis trict executive be instructed to investi gate the charge that dairy instructors bave destroy^ cans and buckets.' AUSTRALIAN PRICE FOR COTTON. An important motion concerning the cotton industry was submitted by the Goovigen delegate (Mr McLintock), as follows: 'That the Cotton Board be asked to prepare a case in favour of the establishment of an Australian price for cotton.' Mr McLintock said that the cotton industry was in an exceedingly bad condition, as supported by a recent statement by the Arbitration Court. A large number of growers in the cotton belt bad been forced to drop out and to take on other branches of farming. Those who had been compelled to carry on with cotton growing were in a bad way and required assistance 'with dynamite behind it.' As an addendum to his motion, Mr McLintock moved: 'That Central Queensland members of the Cotton Board be instructed to press for a price equal to the cost of production.' 'The price we are getting will not promote the proper farming of cotton,' he said, ' and we want the board to do as the Butter Board has done.'1 The motion was seconded by the Callide Valley delegate, who said that the cotton grower was faced with many difficulties and the Commonwealth Gov ernment practically demanded that cotton should be grown for defence purposes. Mr Brake said that the Cotton Board was trying to obtain everything pos sible for the growers. If it were possible to pot an Australian price, it would be got, but the only thing to be done, in his opinion, was for the Government to put a duty on imported lint and give growers an Australian price. Mr Sehuonpmann said that he was a member of the Cotton Board, yet he considered that the board was not try ing very hard to get a fraction increase in the price of cotton. Mr McLintock: Unless the Cotton Board wakes up and does something there jvill be no cotton industry. The motion was carried with the ad dition susrfrestpd by the mover. The following resolutions were car ried : ' That conference request the editor of the ' Queensland Producpr ' to state on what authority he published the statement that no Government would register a dairymen's union ' (Hrncewoll). 'That district executive be in structed to approach the Department of Agriculture and Stock and requeBt that a thorough investigation be made of the possibility of establishing a factory to deal with pig production ' (Rockhamptonl. A motion, ' That the Department of Agriculture and Stock be asked to in vestigate the percentage of deduction on pork and bacon pigs with a view to reducing it to a more reasonable basis,' was withdrawn by the Cedar V'nlc delegate. The following resolutions were Io*t : ' That conference request, the Port Curtis Dairy Association Ltd to post fortnightly cream statements ' (Cedar Valet. ' That butter factories be compelled to notify suppliers when cream is second grade and suggest the probabte cause, notice to be mailed' (Mackay Ward). ' That in view of the apparent prac tice of fome farmers mixing low lint percentage varieties of cotton with high lint percentage varieties (either plant or ratoon oottonl, thereby en dangering the industry and nullifying the efforts of research and experi mental workers, the Government \x- asked to declare sTich practice a criminal ofTencc punishable with heavy fines ; such punishment not to serve as a revenue, producer, but as a deterrent' Knknftwgn). ' That the rules of the Queensland Producer* Association to amended to| provide that no member of a com modity board be eligible to hold a posi tion on a district executive, or to be a district delegate to State conference, while he remains a member of such a board' (Baralabn). FRIDAY'S SESSION EOCKHAMPTOX, June 18. The necessity for catering more fot the dairy farmers who formed a great and increasing proportion of the mem bers of the association was recognised by the delegates at Friday's session of the Central District Conference of the Local Producers' Association, and support was given to a proposal to form a dairymen's organisation within the association. The motion was moved by Mr Lester (Pororen) that conference was of the opinion that the best interests of the dairying industry would be served by thn formation of a dairymen's organ isation within the ambit of the Q.P.A. Mr Beaman tabled an amendment that the Council of Agriculture be asked to circularise all L.P.A.s, asking for a yes or no vote on the desirability of a vote of all producers as to the Govern ment passing legislation for a compul sory producers' union. If there was not an organisation of dairymen within the association there would be one without, declared Mr Hill (Butter Board). In reply to a question, Mr Hill said it was a matter for conference between the Q.P.A. and the executives of the dairying industry. It would be taken up by the Butter Board and sup ported by the board if the rank and file agreed. The Q.P.A. would remain as it was, but it would be a more effec tive organisation so far as the dairy men were concerned. The difficulty was with the Council of Agriculture. Mr Bryson: Is the Council of Agri culture in favour of an organisation for dairymen within the Q.P.A.? Mr Nothling: Yes. The amendment was lost and the motion carried. It was then moved by Mr echuene mann (Goovigen) that the various dis trict executives be consulted and have the right to be fully represented as re gards the proposed formation of a dairymen's union within the ambit of the 'Council of Agriculture, this to be done to safeguard the interests of the rank and file. The motion was carried. A motion was submitted by Pheasant Creek that conference endeavour to have a postal ballot taken on the ques tion of the advisability of having the Minister for Agriculture and Stock as president of the organisation. Moving the motion, Mr Marson said there were men in the rank and file who were capable of holding the position and' would remove objections by many producers. He considered that the busi ness would grow if the president was not the minister. Mr Sullivan (Mackay Ward) said thoy had been told that the members were in favour of the Minister, but a ballot would show the real position. Mr Nothling (Machine Creek) pointed out that it was the responsibility of delegates at the State conference as to who became president. With regard to a postal ballot, he said tbat only those actively interested in the organisation would be able to cast an intelligent *°Other delegates considered that the organisation would never be elective if the Minister continued as president. The motion was defeated by a small margin. ENCOURAGE PIG INDUSTRY. Stating that the pig industry in the Central District was backward m com parison with other parts of the State, Mr Brabiner said that the industry was a specialised one, in which officers ot the department might be given an opportunity to explain their theories to the primary producers. It was in the interests of the producers to make ap plication for a lengthy stay in this district by an instructor. It was be lieved there was an unlimited market in London for some years for pig pro ducts at the present price which was a paying one. , Mr Hill said there was an unlimited market for a particular class of pig and a close scrutiny of prices showed that up to 7d. a lb. could be achieved for the producer. Since the Ottawa agreement and the introduction of pre ferences the new agricultural policy ot Britain had stabilised prices in Eng land ftt a fairly high figure. That new market was undoubtedly giving an im petus to the industry. Swift's last venr treated 12,000 pigs and be had no doubt that the Lakes Creek meat works treated the same. The Port Curtis Association could not do much unless it had the support of the fanners. Though the association did not wish to establish a bacon factory, it wanted all the power possible to force an equitable price for the pro ducers. Mr Bryson moved that the Depart ment of 'Agriculture be requested to appoint an instructor in pig raising in the Central District The motion was carried. One delegate said he had been in formed by an official of C.Q.M.E. Coy that the company proposed to com mence a stud farm in the district to establish the type of pigs required by the meatworks for export. Goovigen submitted a motion that the Council of Agriculture be instructed to regard the request for the abolition ot probate and succession duties on estates up to £2000 us of vital importance. It was stated that though the pro perty might be in the farmer's name it was really built up by him and his family and those who remained were penalised for carrying on. Mr Brabiner, representing the Coun cil of Agriculture, said it was suggested that an inheritance tax be substituted based on the amount received by thi- beneficiaries. Mr McLintock, who moved the motion, suggested that it might be ar ranged for the payment of a tax dur ing a farmer's lifetime to obviate the necessity for duties after his death. The motion was carried. Five motions dealing with hospital finances were included in the agenda, but it was agreed to confine discussion to a motion and an amendment. Mr Butterwell (Willawa) moved that the hospital prceepts at present paid by local authorities bo abolished and that hospitals be financed by a tax on a'J incomes. The amendment, by Mr McPherson fHuneru) was that the present system of financing the hospitals by local au thorities be abolished and that an amount equivalent to the precepts be paid by the Government out of con solidated revenue. The amendment was rejected and tli.j motion carried. WATER PROBLEMS. Water conservation and irrigation provided subjects for a number of resolutions. Mr German, on behalf of Dalrna Scrub, moved the following motion : That this conference views with grav-» concern the recurring dry seasons of the paBt four years, with their enor mous production and capital losses to all primary producers (which are also a loss to the whole nation) and bearing in mind the promises made by the leaders of the. National Parliament to go into the matter of, and provide, finunce for, water conservation and irri gation proposals, it wishes to bring under the notice of both the State and Federal Governments the potentialities existing in the valleys of the Dawson and Fitzroy Rivers for schemes of this kind, and it ventures the opinion that, with theso waterways successfullv locked, employment could be found for, at least 1,000,000 people in Cen tral Queensland and drought and flood? could be mitigated. It was considered, said Mr German, that the scheme should be commenced on the tributaries in the Callide Val ley, and that the Fitzroy River be locked at the rocks, Rockliampton, or dammed at the Gap, which would irri gate hundreds of thousands of acres of rich land. Mr McLintock moved an amendment that conference bring under the noticp of the State and Federal Governments tho potentialities of the Fitzroy and Callide Valleys for irrigation schemes. The amendment was adopted. It was moved by Mr McLintock (Goovigen) that the Government inves tigate tho practicability of irrigation schemes for the development of tho cotton industry in order to supply the requirements of the expanding spin ning industry. There was a growing realisation, said Mr McLintock, that the growers must have irrigation if they were to supply the requirements of Australian spin ners. The industry would be under a handicap until it could meet the Aus tralian requirements. The motion was carried. Conference adopted a motion from Baralaba that the Government be asked to make provision for advances for water facilities under the Country Lands Development Assistance Fund. Baffle Creek asked the conference to protest to the Irrigation Department, stating that tho charge for the diviner was unfair when he could not guaran tee fresh water, but an amendment by Mr McLintock that the Government be asked to place its water divining activi ties on a sound and practical basis was adopted. Domestic cats turned wild were re garded as a menace by the delegates who supported a motion from Mackay that the executive committee of the Council of Agrciulture formulate some scheme to have legislation passed to control wild house cats, and to pro hibit the dumping of unwanted cats on country roads to go bush and become a menace to poultry and bird life. The motion was moved by Mr Sul livan. Mr Schuertemann, seconding the motion, declared that the absence of birds in cotton areas was responsible for many pests. 'If you see a cat how can you ten if it is wild or tame,' asked Mr Hans ehon (Milman). 'I have five cats and they save me hundreds of pounds de stroying mice in my peanuts. Some one ' may come along . and shoot my cats. I am agreeable to preventing rats being dumped on the roads to go wild.' The chairman (Mr W. Lehfeldt) stated that in his district the advent of cats was followed by the disappear ance of bandicoots. A motion from Mackay asking the association branches to boycott retail stores in Rockhampton and Mackay which persisted in retailing margarine was rejected. Mr Nothling said that when the in creasing use of margarine was raistfd previously, the Minister had reminded th« association that margarine con tained animal fats and peanut and rot ton seed oils. The only action that could be taken would he to prevent tin; sale of margarine as butter, and a vav to do this would be to give margariim a distinctive colour. After a deputation had consulted the manager of the Rockhampton lirandi of the State Government IiiMir;m-o Office for an explanation of detaiW of the Workers' Compensation Act as it applied to farmers, the following motion was moved by Mr Bryson and curried: ' That alterations of the Aft be nm-le to provide that farmers and members of their familes be covered voluntarily hy workers' compensation and that the Insurance Commissioner shall not have the power to refuse applications for such policies.'1 The following were elected to the executive reprsentative of branches in the Cnllide and Dawson Valley?: Messrs T. P. Bryson (Baralaba), J. T. L. Blackwoll (Ba'ralaba), I urn (Cnllide), A. Bell (GreyclifTeK II. P. Dillon (Koko tunga), and E. .Schtionenintin (Goovi gen). Mr Bryson was appointed cliair m.in and Mr Ince secretary. Votes of appreciation to Mr Hill (Butter Board) and Mr Nrabiner (re presentative of the Council of Agricul ture) were carried by acclamation. MOTIONS CARRIED. Among the motions adopted were the following: 'That the State Conference finalise all questions of vital importance to primary producers in a concrete resolu tion, and not leave them in the hands of the executive.' — Bracewell. 'That ri.ll members of pools or com modity boards, who represent such at district or State conferences, must be active L.P.A. members.'— East JJnrron. Atherton. ' That the Council of Agriculture ap proach the Agricultural Bank 'with a request that the terms a.id conditions on loans for the erection of settlers' homes be such aa to give, them a reason able chance of obtaining decent living conditions.'— (.'reyclifle. 'That Conference request that prim ary producers carting their own pro duce, including pigs and calves, etc., over any distance, be exempt from the payment of heavy vehicle tax.'— Baflle Creek. 'That the Council of Agriculture arrange for some person to attend pro duce sales in times of drought, and bo in a position to advise dairymen in country centres on the price of fodder and buy for them if necessary.1' - Bracewell. 'That the association opproacli Uic manager of the C.O.D., Rockhampton. with a view to altering the present system of selling fruit at l!ockliami-- ton.' (Byfield). 'That the age of farmers' sons desir ous of becoming members of an L.l'.A. be reduced from 18 to 10 years.' (Mac kay). 'That the Government be asked to proceed immediately with their pchenie for water conservation in the dairying districts as promised by the Premier in his policy speech at Mackay.' (Mnckny Ward and Grcycliffe). 'That an application be made to tho Government for a reduction in the third party insurance risk premium on riiotor vehicles owned by primary producers. ' (Bororen). 'That all commodity boards be com pelled to publish Rn annual baffine^ sheet in the 'Queensland Producer. J (liraee.wi.-ll). j 'That the Council of Agriculture be ? asked to jmlilisli a list in the 'Queens- j land Producer'' containing the names ot I its dllir-cr-', (lie positions held by them.* 1 (Mackny Ward). ' 1 ' That jirimary producers who are , not goxenicd ''V u commodity board, by which they could be levied to support tho i^.l'. a!, 1 -? allowed to form L.P.A. brunches if t'u-y dc-iri? and have the iii'i ?e--ni y rmmlivr anil qualifications, DU^*;sHr they iim-t pay to the I'oiincil of Agfi* ,^fl culture ;iu :t fliliiition leo per annum an4 -i* im.w.l,. their own jio- tal fund*.'1 (MaO-'i* Uuy \Y:irdi. :f 'll::i! nwiri'.' to \\\\\c apathv ,'iowa \Xf ,ft the ].!..,', i, ?,?,?- tnwarrU the (.I.:1..*. tfl*£$| C'oiin.il ,.f \\-iic:ilt in -? Ik- uij.-d to aj^^ai T' 'in t tlT. . I'v.Miii-ier*. to im eontinm |§ ally (r.-ni IKnrj MMi' ..,..-t t.|ie formers, t* '.jjf odnciilc il, in i., ii,,. a-l\ miUirfc!1 -rf ^ Ptj-eiietlicnii]'.' 1 ?!.?.!? i.i-L':iMi- nti(H,; fchtf* ;'||l the cost ciii:ii!i'| I, ,!,.|i\\.-(l irrm th.0 3' rhIo of jM-nduei'. tin- :i mount iuid tha j& purpose- to be dimly d- lined on fjuy* '??£: tory returns or n1h'i i i n ? ? i ? ? ? - . ( .-'. .t- u ** Dow iin mid Nine Mili-i. j 'Th:it :ilT;ili'_'-1lll-'lil- be m,vlc for the orgjini-cr t-- viMt the Dmwv.m nnd Cfll liili' Valley--, r- j . ? ? 1 1 - ' i n '_r in li'i-t a fort ni'_'h( in e.ich di-lli-t.' I liaralaba ). The 1o!!.i\viii'_r iti'it i-iii*- wen- defeated: ' 'I I'.if. a~ tie1 (oimr-il of AiTlculturo n tin: cxkmiimc committee of the Q.P.A. representing at le:t«t 30,000 primary produi- i-is. u full time secre tary be appointed in phi'-c of the Un sHtMnelnry nrrmi'r:- went s in operation at pre-eut.' ( Moulder, oml.e). 'That all e-ial.li-h.'d L.I'.A's desir ing to solid delcL-ate- to district con ference'; mini imll at least si\\- meetings a year, such dele-ate to have attended j at lca-t 70 per cent of the meetings.' I (K;i--t Harm n At!iert,,n i. I 'Tho Mackny \\\\)trd Conference I Mr-n-ly prutc-i-: against the nee of I supplementary agendas being nllowed at J in^.ri.-t. Conlereiicos, and asks that a I K-t date I,,- fise,l for the receipt Of I mnt,o,,, and it ,„, ^riotIy adhePed to I and that under no circumstances I motmns to be received after that date.'? I (Mack.iy 'U ;,,?,]). 1 Tho conference will l)0 resumed on I -atnrday morniiej. I SATURDAY'S SESSION I Jn the :lhs,,,,o „, Mi- W. Lchfeldt, I ?Mr U. j;. ji,-ilU. .„,,,; ab lh.fiuly ehair. I i''ii nl Hi,, n-.ijmpin,,, Of ti!e confer. I t'nr-e on :-.^iur.lny mil,mng wll(?n &]j I iJU-llie.., W.I. c.inp), .;,.,). ' I M'wu- tl:u ,!,, (.?A.-rnmcnt be ask- I '?'! '' P1'*''' a imuiiniiiii of one pint I oi milk lu-.: pei day to earh gchool I -1;.I-1, -Mr IjjIJi.ji (ki/kotuujra) stated I that in We-t Australia. whm. H Bchema I ior distnbuiion ,,| ilu:k was in opera- I tiun, the l.iiilir.iie ],;„! ,-isen by three 1 jk'i- cent, wlnle in S-otland it'liad led I to a rr-iiMdenililc ,1,-eienHc in Lospital I cxpeuditmr. ' I Tlio motion u;i- em-Wed. I Th,. control ,,i agricultural matters hi I tho StatL. ua, the Mibj^t of a motion I tabled by Mr ln-e Kallide). He moved I that, a board |lt. ,-r,-,,tcd to be the sup- I reme coin loll, i- ,,f ,,ii matters pertain- I in;: to n-i-i, ultii:.', the board to be I ok-cled half l,y the 'iovernment and W half by n-co-ni-eii pa-toral and farm- I injr nrgaui.-.-itioH- : tho ohairman to be I elected by bolh primes and not eon- I noetcd with eitlier; the chairman to I have a oRsiinp vote only; tho board ? to net in an ndvK.iry e-.ipncity in the ? forming of all lotrMatioti relating to ? M 'oiitinue I (ivcrlcaf.- ? the production of primary produce, ami Ihtj board to be answerable directly to l';n liainent. Mr luce said that the idea was for represent alivea of the Q.P.A. to be members --f u board controlling the I oiini'jj of Agriculture, Agricultural liank. and the Department of Agricul ture and Stock. The tendency was for piominent Cioveniment officials to adopt a dictatorial attitude. vir Xothling said there should be ? rofciHiitiiiii on such a body from ?e fiincrnis which manufactured the ? . nary produce into secondary pro ?t-. 'hi: motion was carried, with tin* .? iitio'i th.it the matter be referred i.i the district executive. Mr l'.rysoii (Baralaba) moved tho ? lowini motion : That this eoufor i* I'.e-s tor tinaucial reform based \':n pr.ictically costless creaiion ot ? i'1-o; ?!.?'?« credit for the Iwnefit ot ? '? people, and not for that of private monopoly ; ami that our delegate to iV Council of Agriculture lie piven to urdor-tand ili.:t he has the confereiKo' s':'\ ?; ;. aivl ;i -sUtanec. 'Wi' are all acrreed,' said Mr Bry -???n. 'if a system were adopted to give rrO'V.i.vrs .1 -reater share of the wealth i Ji.-'v ritofiiirrd, half of their troubles would lio over. It i« hish time we took a *t,-p further and not only controlled T'l.-, ?, ki'tinc'. t.ut the monetary side of tlv nuestlon. It ; = agreed that the I ?v^ii: *rw-netary system lias failed as fir ii « primr.rv producers arp eon The motion was defeated by 10 Totes 1^ ni- ??. ' .. \M'-:hcr motion f'oni Baralabu. as fnllnws. iv.is carried -. That this eon fi'onr-n Hetiinnd 1hp reform of the -?, -iirnonwenlrh Rank by its removal fi-iii-i ;'-?- control of the trading bunks, -o t'i-it it f.in 1'miction ;ii? it was orig li- i'Iv 'l'.'nded to. hr financing, with lh- li'i'.' i»snr- denpvtment ?nd it« de .''?-It'T.-1 tiin-i«. national public works, -!:. li n- i/r'-rition. road«. railway, etc.. in ihe -.imp way as the transcontinental r:iiVa-- was financed. rnrecru wn* cxr-rccsnd in a motion f : -'?]-! F;irkhnr*t at 'the repeated re fi-.il nf ih'- fjnvernTnpiit to exempt all i nnnvv pi-ml'.ieer*. includins: milk ven ? i..vs. f'-^m thp Inspection of Machinery *??*.'' ni d the bran.'h .Train ;icked for il ? . ..iv-. --ion. '*:? 1-vi;in explairn.l tint n farmer r-,r-\n,rr l,u produce to market, was ?'? ?-::??. Ivi' if li,i lirnuslit milk into '' .' ???'v ;ir.-' ilisti ilniipd it to ciMomers :!.-? v. .1- -liV.j.-et to the Act. The ens ' ?-.-?? = . !.' ;;i'.J, w,-re (he farmer's n- i; ;.p|. T!ie motion w,i = carried. Mr Tonkin withdrew a n it inn a»k ;n ' f»r the registration of Alsatian ? I' ::- and their crosses at a minimum I'1'1 ' ' *-?'- in favour of an amendment 1\ Mr H!;irk\vpl] t lint the registration ';' ill iluL'a !'?- enforced, farmers nnd ?_i~:t-' « i-.rk inc: dop-s being free «-f '?i~. .-.iid tiint i-.rnamenta! do^s iie also 1--v. -I. T-.f .mien hneiif was adopted. NATIONAL INSURANCE. i(.-ifii.- Creek and Milman tabled riitinns protesting israinst the national :? ='!r.-inre scheme at present before the ii-'-vn! Purliampnt on the ground'1 that tiv.i-. v.-hili' contributing, would re '?? ?. -? no brnptit. M- \'-- thlin~ explained that the Oun ' ' f \:.-ri. ulturp had protested a:rai')£'i ' e ?hcnic. It had h. en show?!, he said. ' ?' 'i'Iv i'1'n in 40 farmer? was svh .i ?? ' to ini..nip tax. which meant that! if the scheme were put into operation there would be a further hardship plac ed upou primary producers. Farmers under the scheme had to find a portion ot' the contributions aud had no way of passing it on to the consumers as had secondary industry and the indus trialists. No action was taken by coufereuce and it was agreed to leave the matter to the Council of Agriculture. Mr Hendy (Kockhampton) moved a6 follows; 'That the district executive approach tho officer in charge of the unemployment scheme to try to ensure that any person refusing country jobs lm not granted relief work, employers i then to apply for labour through tho Labour Bureau. ' Mr Nothling snid that the Council of Agriculture had been asked to bring un der the notice of the Minister any in stances where offers of work had been refused. The motion was carried. The following morions were carried: 'That the Agricultural Biink be re organised in order th.-jt it may have a coherent policy regarding advance? to settlors f'r improvement , urpnses. pro \i'lii:j: (a) That a boundary fence ;'iid n water faeilitv (beine -v=enti:ill lv the first consideration; {]-) tli.it ring bark ir.g or scrub fpllinir for 'jruss l;e the rcxt eon-ideration :: (ct that fill Agri I'ullural iJiink insjiector- be re»]iiire'l to make impartial reports on applica tions for advance* under la) and (b) sections, irrespective of their personal luae towards one particular form of im provement: (d) that a man's age and experience be considered an asset and rot a bar. as at present.' (Baralaba.) ''That, conference request the Railway Department to erant a free pass, one way. to producer* travelling with one truck of cattle.' (Bracewell.l 'That conference request, the Govern ment to strictly enforce the quarantine regulations in the case of rattle im ported from countries in which foot and month di^easp exist*, or else prohibit such importation altogether.' (Baffle C:eek.) ''That the existini freight rate of 'fls. nor ton. |pss 7? fid. rebate on six-ton lots of fee*! to poultry farmers, shall include mixed lots, such as bran, pollard, wheat, corn, meat meal, etc.. in the one truck.'' (Parkhurst.) 'That a freight rebate be .sought on calves intended to he used as dairy sire=: also thnt pHierec heifers be in cluded in such rebates, as dairy farmers would be more likely to lake advantage of herd improvement s'1jph]c= if puch concession* were made.' (Targinnie.) ''That registration fees on farmers' motor cars and trucks be reduced iiO rer cent. (Parkhurst, Wilmot, and Lracewell.) 'That this conference request the Council of Agriculture to mnke urgent representations in the responsible auth ority to have the law relating to defam ation modified in so far as it relates to shire councillors in the performance of their duties, so as to eivp them greater protection in the direct execu tion of their dutie-. (The Caves and Etna Creek. 1 'That shire franchise he restricted to ratepayers. ' — Ooovigen. 'That all advances to settlers be con trolled by one department and security given to thp Crown, thus eliminating duplication of securities nnd simplify ii g the collecting of accounts.'' (Goovi gfT). ) 'That at all district J.ind court* a ke.il landholder be allowed to -it on the nenrh with flip Land Court Judge to | ubBist him with his knowledge of loca 'conditions.' (Willawa.) 'That the basis of the valuation of land infested with suckers be tho eame as that of pear infested country, and that the present holders of 6uch land be allowed to approach the Land Court and have the valuation of their land amended accordingly.' (Ridgelands.) ' That pig and fowl crates and egg boxes be classed as bona fide empties, when being so returned to the grower.' (Mackay Ward). 'That in districts where hardwood timber is unprocurable for fencing pur poses, the railways allow a reduction of oO per cent in the freight on iron or hardwood posts purchased by the settler.' (Mackay ward). 'That the 10 per cent penalty on Crown dues be reduced to bank rate.' (Mackay Ward). ' That this conference strongly pro tests against the policies of road con struction authorities (Public Estates Improvement and Main Koad Commis sion) in opening and clearing roads and not completing the formation aud gravelling and claims that such policies are uneconomic and unsound.'' (Bar n la ba ) . ' That representations Ik; made to the Government, through the Council of Agriculture, that lawful protection be afforded to all farmers to ensure that they shall have a cash income of at least A.\3 per month, notwithstanding the fact of any orders or assignments being issued against them at butter fac tories or other kindred institutions.' (Kalapa-Bushley). ' That the Federal Government re fund to the Queensland Government 4d per gallon out of the 7d. per gallon collected by it by the tax on petrol instead of the 3d. per gallon now being refunded (an increase of Id. per pal Ion.' (Don River). ' That the Q.P.A. make the strongest possible protest against the Govern ment's action in taking £250,000 each year from the funds of the Main Roads Commission and putting it into con solidated revenue, as 6ue.h arbitrary acquisition of these funds i« a direct robbery of Queensland motorists, who create such funds through heavy taxa tion imposed on them by the Govern ment for the purpose of constructing and maintaining roads; these funds are urgpntly needed for the improve ment of roads in the country. ' (Mil mnn). 'That conference protests against the practice, of inserting numbers opposite electors' names vheir voting at State elections, as this destroys confidence in the secrecy of the ballot.' (Goovigen). 'That in view of the alarming state of affairs in Europe and China, which causes us grave concern, and the alarm ing situation caused by the unprepared state of the defences of our coastal towns, State conference be asked to 'irgp the Federal Government to proceed with the defence of the country as soon as possible, nnd to assist the' State to fully complete the Bruce Highway from Brisbane to Cairns as a further defence measure.' (Mackay Ward). ?'That the weather bureau be re quested, when giving lists of rainfall records to broadcasting stations, to ffive them describing districts in terms familiar to the general public, usino sue], terms as Mackay district, Rock* lumpton district, Bowcn district, etc.' (Kalapn-Bushlcy). 'That the Council for Scientfiic and industrial Research be commended for its efforts to find some biological means of eradicating rabbits and nut grass and that it be urged to continue its work on those pests ; and further that [t be asked to endeavour to find some biological means of controlling none™™ burr, rolv poly, bathurst burr and khaki weed, and other pests.' (^ar ahba.) ' That (he protection of red shoulder parrots be romoved, and that a bonus be paid for their scalps. 'That the Council of Agriculture re commend to the Department of Public Instruction the advisability of altering the school age of children in the coun try to commence at six years and con tinue to 15 years of age.' (Machine Crepk.) 'That in districts where no accom modation is available, the Department of Public Instruction be requested to erect teachers' residences, with particu lar reference to Cedar Vale.' (Cedar Vale.) A number of motions, including the following, received the approval of con ference and were referred to the dis trict executive for further action: 'That the Railway Department bo iir^ed to replace existing gates on rail way lines with open level crossings.' (Pa (Tie Creek.) ' That selections be rent free, for n period of from three to five years, thp period to be determined by the water supply available; the longer period to operate in cases where no natural water is available.' (Willawa.) 'That no rental lie charged on n Crown selection for the first five years: and that the rent for that period li» spread over the nc\t ten yearp, so n* to give the new settler a chance to gel on his feet.' (Mackay Ward.) Tim following motions were defeated: 'That persons holding living areas, and married women whose husbands hold livinc; areas, be prevented from buving selections which have been originally opened for landless men ' (Baralaba.) 'That the Crown's valuation ol existing improvements be definitely fixed before the land is opened for se lection, with the right of appeal.' (Baralaba.) 'That the JCJovernment be asked 1o Ret up an appeal board for the Agri cultural Bank, to give clients who con sider their case has not been dealt with on its merit?, a chance to appeal.'1 (Mackay Ward.) ' That any sugar cane grower, grow ing 350 tons or over of cane per annum, be prohibited from sending cream to a butter factory, or selling fruit or agri cultural produce, potatoes, etc.' (Mac kay Ward) 'That the Firearms Act he amended so that every person under the a^p n1 18 must obtain a license to own a rifle.1 (Mackay Ward.) 'That tractors be supplied by thp Government in districts where required, ind be leased to farmers.' (Ambrose.) The delegates carried motions ex pressing appreciation of the services of Mr D. ,T. Daniel, M.L.A.. chairman (Mr \V. T.ehfeldti, deputy chairman (Mr II. K. Brake), secretary (Mr J. M. Flet cher). Mr R. R. Xothling, and the Press. 