Our Sydney Letter (From. Our special RcBrcsentatlyej TROUBLE IN U.A.P. The growing dissatisfaction In the ranks of the U.A.P. mentioned some time' ago in this column, appears to he coming to a head. Cabinet Minis ters are worried, for the trouble Is. quite sufficient to wreck the. Govern ment and bring about another elec tion If oil' is not poured on the troubled waters. For a time it was thought that certain pressure brought to bear on dissatisfied members would effectively silence them in the House, but events have proved other wise. Although U.A.P. members would certainly think twice about voting with the Opposition on an important matter it 1b known that serious consideration will be given to voting against the Government if Cabinet continues to ignore members of tho party. The attack by Mr. Bate, the South Coast member, was not unexpected. Mr. Bate wanted the Speakership given to Mr. Weaver, aud his assertions concei ning - certain promises and . statements' ' made by the Premier, through the metropoli tan press, together with the Pre mier's denials, are welt remembered. The addition of Messrs. Ross and Lee to the anti-Stevens section, however, was something of a surprise, especi ally as Mr. Lee is an ex-Catinet Min ister himself. That the ex-Chief Sec retary, Mr. Chaffey, kept quiet is not to be wondered at in the circum stances. An attack on the Govern ment by him might be construed as personal spleen. His feelings on the snbject, however, are no secret. That section of the U.A.P. which is in re volt agaiust the system ot govern by Cabinet instead of Parlia ment is determined that there shall be consultation of party members on all future legislation. There is a good deal of public support of attitude, and it is expected that Cabinet will rvpnttiollv oMmh HrtWM COMPULSORY TRAINING J Suggestions made in the Senate during the week that compulsory miiltaiy training should be reintro duced shows the trend of certain political thought, and lends color to the statements made by the Labor Party that compulsory training is 'being definitely considered, and that it will be Introduced at the first suit able opportunity. Senator Sampson (U.A.P., Tasmania) is reported to have said in the Senate: 'We should do the fair thing by our young men, and give them an opportunity of training' — at the same time urging the restoration of compulsory train ing. Any such move would result in Commonwealth-wide protests, and, for the time being, at any rate, there is little likelihood of any change in the present voluntary system whereby any young man can get all the mili tary training he wants. Both the Prime Minister and Mr. Thorby are emphatic that they have not given serious thought to the matter. POPULATION PROBLEM The statement ot the Prime Min ister a few days ago that the Com monwealth Government had no in tention of beginning schemes of as sisted migration from any country other tlan Britain might, at first glauce, seem to be quite in conform ity with the White Australia Policy. On closer analysis, however, it does not appear to be quite as wise as it founds. Both Holland and Denmark would welcome migration agreements Bimiiar to that which exists between Italy and Australia. The fact is that about 6000 to 7000 Italians are pour ing into Australia yearly, inter marrying, and constantly adding to the strength of the 'Little Italy' they have formed. Both Dutch and Danish immigrants would make ex cellent citizens, and their children would be indistinguishable from Australians in every respect, which is more than -&n; be said of the South ern Europeans coming into the coun irv. One of Australia's createst nro blems is population, and failing the arrival of a sufficient number of Australian babies yearly, there are many of the opinion that hatches of Dutch, vjtnlsb, ana fcvtvi Geraa.. iv.i migrants would be to the benefit ef the .nation. The language difference would be removed in n generation. Those who criticise the Federal Gov ernment over its immigration policy certainly seem to have plenty of material to work on. 40-HOUR WEEK Whether employers like it or not, and whether or not industry cau stand it, the opinion is strongly ex pressed in trade union circles that a 40-hour week for the majority of workers throughout tlie Common wealth is not far distant. Many unions are going to court in the near future tor a revision of their awards, and in almost eveiy case a 40-hour week is claimed, opposed, of course, by the employers. In fact, conditions have boon ? made paramount practic ally in every new log. Wages are more or less a secondary considera tion. The unions are not very hope ful of immediate success in getting a 40-hour week, but union secretaries v say. that the writing is on the wall, and that the shorter week is inevit able. DUTY COMES FIRST There are many who envy Mr. J. Lyons his Prime Ministership. There are also many who don't. Being a Prime Minister isn't all beer and Bkittles. For instance, Mr. Lyons came to Sydney with some of his famiiy last week-end to relax. He didn't. As soon as it was known that he was in town (here vreve de mands upon him, aud, rather wearily he put duty first. After a more or less busy Saturday he decided to go to a play with his family at night. Instead, he spoke at a dinner. His complaint is that he has to talk poli tics in public when he is sick and tired of even the sound of the word; aud he has to be very , careful just what he says. TOO COLO FOR CRIME Strange as it may seem the cold spell Sydney has been having has practically wiped out crime in the metropolis, according to police re port. The fact is it is far too chilly for burglars aud thugs. The former find it difficult to steal from bouses these nights when whole families stay home by Uie fireside, aud thugs can not stand the discomfort of waiting in the cold for victini6. In four days last week there was only one theft report, and that was an overcoat. 