Notes Otf Current Topic* (From Our Special Representative) THE POLITICAL PENDULEM.— Strange the swing of the political pendulem ! Not so long ago, the Sato, U.A.P. was a model of unity, with a .seeming mortgage on the m lis ot Government for many years to come opposed only as it was by divided Labour Party/ To-day that unity is gone, either temporarily or permanently, and it might not be an exagération to say the U.A.P. is not such a great deal better off than the Labour Party, except that the former has more parliamentary strength. Nor are rival Labour leaders, Lang and Heffron, letting any grass grow under their feet. For once they are more or less united in a common purpose—an effort to bet the skids un der Mr. Stevens and his government. Both are using their respective news papers to this end. Land started the rumor, with the air of one who knew, that the Premier would shortly become Sir Bertram, and would accept a lucrative position abroad with Lord Nuffield. The fact that Nuffield was for a time the personal guest of the. Premier, lent color to the story. The rumor was taken up immediately by the Heffron following. If Mr. Steven? does go, it will probably be a race t.o the premiership by Messrs Spooner and Martin, with the former the favourite. Incidentally, the denials that there has been formed a defin ite anti-Stevens factSon, comprised of certain member 1 ! cannot disguise the fact that that faction is there. The bitterest critics of tlie PremieT are Messrs Chaffey, Shand, and Bate for obvious reasons. Cabinet is more than a little worried over the position and it is known that more than one RGoret meeting has been held to discuss the situation. Efforts may b« mnde to placate the more irate op- "orents of Cabinet. THAT SJ». LEGISLATION— It is doubtful whether Cabinet's pro jected S. P. Legislation will be any thing but a dismal failure. Mr. Lee, (U.A.P., Drummonye) an ex-Ministei of Justice, expresses the opinion that the bill will never see the light oi day in the House, and that even it it does, it will be altered so drastically, with the support of many of the rank and file of the U.A.P., that Cabinet will not want to posh on with if. After all the talk and publicity, it will be difficult for Cabinet to back down, and shelve the bill without even presenting it to the House and indications are that Cabinet will go ahead with its plans, even in the face of the proposed opposition fro m within the party. The bill, however, will have a stormy passage, and allegations that Cabinet consulted the A.J.C. and certain race clubs in regard to some of the provisions in the bill will be freely made. One argument certain to be used against the measure, and possibly in favor of a limited number of licensed S.P. shops, will be the position of those followers of racing in the country. That every country town, without exception, has its S.P. operators is an open secret, and if these, by drastic legislation, are driven out of business, the huge number of country bettors will be without facilities to back their fancies, since they cannot come down to Sydney to attend race meetings, nor be expected to do so. It. is held in certain quarters that it would be better if country people were denied facilities to bet on city race meetings, but moral rights and wrongs of S. P. betting are, of course, a different, matter, and one for individual argument. One fact emerges clearly. The majority of politicians, including the rank and file of parties, and quite a few Cabinet Ministers as well, would like to see the whole matter dropped, and the law administered in the the future as it has been in the past, without further parliamentary action. Hurourously enough, S. P. bets can be placed in Parliament House itselt on any race day, and quite a few members have their private 'flutter.' THE LOTTERY.- The reasoning of the Premier and certain of his Cabinet Ministers on the subject of the State Lottery is indeed difficult to follow, and their ways hard to understand. On the other hand Messrs Stevens and Co. complain of the cost lo the -Government of hospital administration, and point out that the lottery, although showing more than £800,000 last year is insufficient to keep 'he hospitals, throwing a heavy burden on Government finances. On the other hand the same Messrs Stevens and Co. refuse in horrifi ad accents to increase the size of the lottery, and add to'- its frofits, brins; it 'nto liie with lotteries in other States, and keep in New South Wales the money i c ent out, of it. And this despite representations to the contrary nada by the Hospitals Association, Th-î Premier would move for the abolition of the lottery, but fears to do so because of its popularity, shown every day, but the thousands who jostle an3 wait in long «moues at the lottery office t.o buy tickets. On the question of the moral rights and wrbngis of the lottery no more need be said than this: The lottery is ABOLISHING PARLIAMENTS— either right or it is wrong. If it is right then let us have bigger lotteries for the benefit of hospitals and subscribers. If it is wrong, then let us abolish the one we have and find some other way to keep the hospitals. Gambling in a small lottery is clearly just as wrong—or Just as right—as gambling in a bigger one. The abolition of State parliaments has often been discussed and frequently held to be desirable, but (jbe majority of people have realised that asking State members to abolish their jobs and commit political suicide was asking the impossible. Now, however a brand new political body has been formed in Sydney. It will be known as the Australian Independent League —which will work' with this end in view. It will also try to unite the independent political forces in the State, and seek redress in such matters as taxation, high cost of government, machine'politics, and delegated government. Having been united in a party, however, itwould seem that the independents might cease to be independents. The League will have many supporters, though, in any move to abolish Sitate Parliameritte, leaving only the Commonwealth to govern the land'. After all, good adminis tration is more to be desired than multiplicity of laws and accumula tion of taxes and departmental cost,s. As the late Sir Henry Parkes put it, the best thing for a nation was "few laws, and those laws embodying sound principals of ' " universal application." A FALSE ALARM— For the publicity given to the £16,000,000 drop in the Australian wool cheque this year and the statement;" made about it anyone would (.hink it was a national calamitv and the forerunner of another depression. Nothing could be further from the truth, and the alarm is a false one. There has been no drop in the market, and if even the wool export was lower the average prices realised wei» on a par with those of last year, and better tljan the average over the last five years. Less wool was sold, but plenty was held over and will go to swell this years export which may yet prove a record. Further, the wool export was less than last year but higher than many other years since 1930. Again, what has. been lost in wool has been made up by increases in other exports, notably gold, wheat, and butter. That there are some threats to prosperity cannot be denied. In Sydney, higher rents, food prices, ari3 general cost of living have decreased the spending power of the public, while another threat is the slowing up of building which will soon become noticable, caused by the increased coist of building material. As yet, however, there is little need to be unduly pessimistic about the future. Pessimism often proves to be a twin brother of depression. THE WAGES TAX.— It is expected that an announcement' will be made shortly by the Premier that his promise at the elections to reduce the Wages Tax has been kept. The announcement, of the reduction, however, will not cause much joy among the payers of tax. Again it will be on sliding scale according to a man's fa.mily, and the benefit will be a matter of only a penny or two at the most. The Government has discarded all pretense that the money is for the unemployed, the purpose for which r v tax was first imposed for the main •reason that it claims there are hardly any unemployed. The Premier does not intend however, to sacrifice this easy source of income while he can possibly hang on to it. Nor do these small reduqtion lessen the income from the tax very much. The greater number of people in work the greater the tax. Even with two reductions the Government will be getting as much as ever from thii iniquitous tax. THE WRONG TYPE.— While it is a fact that Australia must have more population, the action of the Federal Government in allowing the influx of Southern Europeans to continue is having a harmful effect on Australian industry and Australian Employment which must grow worse as time goes on. The remarks in Sydney, last week of the Chief Industrial Magistrate, when fining Italians for breaches of industrial awards are, unfortunately, only too true. He said that some | industries were passing out of Australian into foreign hands,, adding that this was due to the inability of honest Australians to compete with the low standard of wage and condition of those supplanting 1 , them. It is a serious matter to the nation and to every State. Yet the Federal Government continues to open the gates of the Commonwealth to the horde of Southern Europeans who knock thereon each year, but bolts and bars those same gat,es to Dutch, Danish, German, and other immv grants, who would not be foreigners for long, and who would make far more desirable citizens than those aliens who flock into the country and compete unfairly against Australians by setting up conditions which would be hardly acceptable even to the Eastern raceB. Let us have immigration by all means, but by all means let us have the right type of immigrant, or none at all. THORBY IN UNLUCKY— Minister for Defence, Mr. Thorby, is one of the unluckiest men ever to occupy a Cabinet position. In less than a year this C.P. member has struck more trouble than many Cabinet Ministers have in a lifetime. Air Mail delays, R.A.A.F. crashes, and now the flying boat trouble have all been laid at his door. The metropolitan press is attacking him as no other Cabinet Minister has been attacked for years. Whether or not Mr. Thorby deserves all the kicks he has been getting is a matter for the public to judge. In all fairness, however, the conclusion is inescapable that the Minister cannot be held solely to blame for every thing that goes wrong, in matters over which his department happens to have control. It would be difficult to prove that Mr. Thorby is any less efficient than his ' predecessor, who isuffered lift! more in the'way of criticism than is the lot of the average Cabinet Minister. So far, the criticism levelled at the Minister for Defence has been more destructive than constructive. THE COST OF CARS— Some importance is attached to the visit to Australia of Baron von Oertzen of Germany whose expressed intention it is to establish here a market for German D.K.W. cars and Diesel trucks. The Commonwealth would derive little, if any benefit from the trade with Germany, but the fact that two thirds of the cars are to be manufactured here, only the mechanism being imported, will pro: vide more work and more employment in Australia. The D.K.W. is two cylindered and in the "baby" class. It can be manufactured cheaply, and could be turned out at a price within anybody's reach, if it were not for the tariff. This, of course, applies to all cars. The average American car, costing £350 to £400 in Australia can ; be turned out for approximately £50 in America and sold for less than £100 in some cases. With petrol at a few pence a gallon, motor transport in the U.S.A. is the cheapest way of get ting about. But, in Australia, buyers pay for a lot they don't get, and the Federal Government pockets the difference after the Customs Dept. has collected it. Farm machinery oo, comes into the same category. THE SPEED LI MIT- It is seldom that an opposition is behind the Government that it opposes, and it is even rarer to find the State Labor Party behind the Premier but any move in the State parliament to remove the 30 miles an hour speed limit will be opposed by Labor, which will vote, if need be. with the Government, or at any rate with Cabinet, to retain this much criticised legislation. 