MAGISTRATE GETS BOYS OUT OF GAOL Following representations to the Customs Department, Special Magistrate Schroeder today secured the . release from Fremantle Goal of two Danish lads, aged 17 and 15. , The ladsv missed their ship afr Fre mantle last' week:end and- since Mon day ,.have been kept in custody in the gaol. ' . . Today they . appeared in the Fre mantle -Children's -Court beforp Mr. Schroeder, charged ; with : being pro hibited' immigrants. An officer of the Customs. Depa,rtr ment successfully applied for a remand in custody pending deportation. . But when he heard that the boys had been detained, at the gaol, Mr. Schroeder exclaimed: 'That's not the place for them.' ' ' During the* brief Court .proceedings Danish Consul. P- Fraenkel strongly protested against. the Customs Depart ment wanting to deport the lads. He did not think it necessary for the department to take action4 against them. ' Later he told a representative of 'The Daily 'News' that Mr; J. P.IIen . nelly, J.P., of Swanbourne, who re turned, to this .State in the same ship on Which the boys were working, had offered to take' charge of one of the defendants. Arrangements could be made for the other boy to :ge't work en a farm conducted by a Dane. Boar Sailed Buf He Didn't Mr. .Fraenkel also mentioned -the case of a. Danish seaman, aged about 23, who had spent over three weeks in .Fremantle gaol pending deportation. - During that period a Danish 'boat had called at Fremantle and since sailed, but no effort, was apparently made to send this man away. So. far. as he could, see .. the man would remain in gaol for an indefinite period, and he thought this was harsh treatment. ; - . After the Court business had been completed, Mr. Schroeder pursued the matter \vyith the Danish Consul, and following ' representations the Customs Department agreed to the release of the boys., . ' . ? , . S* One 'was assigned to the care' of Mr. Hennelly and the other to the Rev. J. W.. Clift (chaplain to the Missions to Seamen, Fremantle). . The 'magistrate then visited the gaol and, accompanied by the boys, re turned1, to. the Children's Court for a special sitting to hand them over to their guardians. 