A NOTABLE BOOK Out of AFRICA "OUT OF AFRICA by Karen BlUceti (London: Ptttnatu). 66/\UT OF AFRICA" is a 1 Ibook not easy to classify. The simplest thing is to say that it is a good book, an intimate and beautiful narrative by the gifted author of "Seven Gothic Tales." In outline, "Out of Africa'' ls a record of the author's years orf a coilce farm in Kenya; but the outline itself is so enriched by the style and personality of the writer, by her insatiable curi osity for life and her superb gift for translating experiences into wordsthat the book has a universal appeal. Something of the very essence of Africa has entered into it. Every country has Its spiritual counterpart in the shape of the land, the quality of Its air, its characteristics and sea sons. And that which is the spirit of Africa has found its-Avay into these sensitive pages. Karen Blixen has achieved this not only because she is extremely sensi tive to men and women and to nature | but also because of the evocative qua lity of her writing. There are count less passages that one could quote to illustrate tills. .One will serve. It describes the prelude to the long rain. "When the quickly-growing rushing sound wandered over your head it was the wind in the tall forest-trees— and not the rain. When it ran along the ground it was the wind in the shrubs and the long grass— and not the rain. When it rustled and rattled just above the ground it was the wind in the maize-fields. . . . But when the earth answered like a sounding-board in a deep fertile roar, and the world sang round vou in all dimensions, all above and below— that wns the rain. It was like coming back to the Sea. when you have been a long time away from it, like a lover's embrace." TN this leisurely, fascinating book are drawn unforgettable pictures erf the animals and people of Africa— Somali, Kikuyu and Masai. She describes na tive ways and festivals, safaris— and the beauty of the Ngong Hills. Rarely have I read a book which reveals a deeper and finer understanding of the native mind, which she opens for us so deli cately. That the natives loved her is obvious. She was nllowcd to enter their world, and moved in it with grace and charm. Dramatic episodes, human and natu ral dramas, studies of men and women, and brilliant snapshots of Africa, give infinite variety to these delightful pages. The anecdotes in the section described as nn immigrant's notebook are related with a born command of the art of telling a story. Ail manner of people visited the author on her farm, and 1 must tell the story toid to her bv an old Danish ship-owner, who was chattering about his ooyhood days, in particular of a night spent in a disreputable house in Singapore. "TIE had come in there with the " sailors of his father's shin, and had sat and talked with an old Chinese woman. When she heard that he was a native of a distant country she brought out an old parrot that belonged to her. Long, long ago, she told him, the parrot had been given to her by a high-born English lover of her youth. The boy thought that the bird must then be a hundred years old. It could say various sentences in the languages of all the world, picked up in the cos mopolitan atmosphere of the house. But one phrase the old China-woman's lover had taught it beforo he sent it to her, and that she did not under stand, neither had any visitor ever been able to tell her what it meant. So now for many years she had given up ask ing, But if the boy came from far away perhaps it was his language, and he could interpret the phrase to her. 'The boy had been deeply, strangely moved at the suggestion. When he looked at the parrot and thought that he might hear Danish from that terrible beak, he very nearly ran out of the house. He stayed on only to do the old Chinese woman a service. But when she made the parrot speak its sentence, it turned out to be classic Greek. The bird spoke its words very slowly, and the ooy knew enough Greek to understand it: it was a verso from Sappho: The moon has sun and the Pleiads, And midnight is gone. And the hours are passing, passing, And I He alone. "The old woman, when he translated these lines to her. smacked her Hps and rolled her small slanting eyes. She asked him to say it again, and nodded her head." This is a book worthy of the author of "Seven Gothic Tales.' — E.H. ctjhe New Yorker CAnnual THE 1937 NEW YORKER ALBUM (London: Iiamish Hamilton). TO "New< Yorker" fans, and their number grows steadily in Australia, Christmas would not be Christ mas without this bright ad dition to the gaiety of nations. An annual anthology o £ the Ameri can weekly's wittiest and most amus ing drawings and jokes— somehow that word "jokes" hnrdly seems to describe the penetrating, oblique captions which accompany New Yorker drawings — the festive season would certainly be less festive without it. The latest volume is well up to stan dard. Mr Thurber, Peter Arno, Stelg, Ho(I, Alain. Mr Taylor, who continues his series of modern versions of old masters — the "Rape of the Sablnes" must be seen to be believed and would put even Rubens and Norman Lindsay So shame — and others conspire to make it, if anything, more amusing than its predecessors. It is highly sophisticated fun, of course. But once you have succumbed to its lure it makes most other brands of pictorial merriment seem rather tame. 