ABE NORDICS PREFERRED AS MIGRANTS' Britain's Declining Population Raises Problem rpHE Federal Ministry does not agree with the view ex pressed in the report of the Oversea Settlement Board, re leased in London last week, that the tendency for a decline in the population of Great Britain will prevent the new migration pro posals of the Federal Ministry from being successful. Commenting on the report, the Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons) said that Australia fully recognised ' that an influx of migrants at the rate which prevailed immediately after the wsr could not be ex pected now. The Australian plan was intended to bring in migrants in limited numbers only, and the Ministry believed that it would succeed in that object. Mr. Lyons added that, because the Ministry felt that Its plan would succeed, it had not made any express plans for the attraction of Nordic migrants to build up the Aus tralian population. It would wel come an influx of such foreigners, but it would not embark on a plan of assisted foreign migra tion. The leader of the Federal Op position (Mr. Curtin) emphatic ally condemned suggestions that Australia should encourage migration of persons from the northern Fdropean nations to Australia. "The introduction of Nordic races, whether Germans or Dutch, Danes or Swedes, when so many of our own people are still unemployed, and when I feel that a period of recession is in store for Australia, cannot be justified," said Mr. Curtin. "When the Ministry has solved the problems of our own people, all of whom suffer adverse periods because of falling prices and in termittent employment, it will be time to consider such a pro posal as this." Proposals for the renewal of assisted migration are criticised .in the current issue of the "Countryman," the official organ of the Victorian United Country party. "The statement that Sir Earle Page is in negotiation with the Dutch and Danish Governments, with the object of arranging an assisted passage scheme for settlers from these two countries, comes in the nature of a sur prise," says the journal. "While Australia should wholeheartedly welcome all migrants of good type, it should not he forgotten that there are thousands of young Australians, with farm training, who have been unable to receive assistance to set them up as free and independent settlers. Many boys with farm training, and both eager and conscientious, have been denied that opportunity, which, in a nation dependent almost entirely on agriculture, might well have been expected to'be their due. The only inference that can be drawn from the reported nego tiations is that the Government is prepared to grant to oversea settlers those opportunities which have been denied to so many here." The Tasmanian Premier (Mr. Ogilvie) says that after the genuine unemployed of Australia have been given the right to live, which meant the right to work, he will be pleased to see a regu lated flow of Nordic immigrants to Australia. He will oppose the migration to Australia of South ern Europeans under any con ditions. Its anti-aircraft Shells invari ably burst well below the raiding planes. ; Its'artillery didnotkeeni to be modern. He was tremend busly impressed by the fortifica tions and barricades at Madrid, which seemed to be, impregnable. The soldiers were untidy and not well armed. Beans and rice appear to be plentiful, but bread is scarce. Some frozen meat from Argen tina was available. Battleships Japan's Secrecy Provokes Counter Action A LL attempts to induce Japan to disclose her naval build ing plans having failed, and the suspicion continuing strong that , her silence is due to an intention on her part to exceed the ton nage limits fixed by the London Naval Treaty of 1936, thp other signatories to that document are now released from their commit ments under it. Although it is not known ex actly what is going on in the Japanese dockyards, the pre liminary precaution has been taken of increasing the 1936 treaty maximum from 35,000 tons for battle-ships, the class be lieved to be immediately threat ened, to 45,000 tons. Great Britain, France, and the United States have signed to that effect, and a separate protocol, arising out of their mutual agreement in 1935, whereby Germany under took to limit her navy to 35 per cent.-of the British strength, has also been agned by Great Britain and Germany. Soviet Bussia, who came to an understanding with Britain about the same time as Germany, is ex pected in London to act satis factorily in the matter. Recrimination Labour and the Country Party rpHE Federal Parliamentary Country party lost no time in replying to a gibe of the leader of the Opposition (Mr. Curtin). Referring to the fact that there had been a number of reversals of votes by Country party mem bers in the debate on tbe Na tional Insurance Bill, Mr. Curtin, in the Labour party's bulletin, described the Country party members as the "jellyboys" of Federal politics. Last week the Country party bulletin responded by decriibihg Mr. Curtin as the . "dugout general" of the Federal Parlia ment. It based the title on the contention that although Federal leader of the party, Mr. Curtin had avoided any iactive part in any of the three State election campaigns which had been held this year. ■ ' ' . t New Airport Plan to Spend £ 75,000 at Essendon T>LAN8 to establish Melbourne's main air terminal at Fishery men's Bend have been abandoned by the Federal Ministry, and the Civil Air Board will begin at once 'a programme for the de velopment of the Essendon aero drome for this purpose. The Minister for Defence (Mr. Thorby) announced on Monday that, after further consultation with the Premier of Victoria (Mr. Dunstan) and careful considera tion by the committee of experts, the Federal Ministry had decided to withdraw the offer of £, 100,000 to the State Ministry toward the establishment of an airport at Fishermen's Bend; and- to carry out at a cost of about £75,000 such improvements at Essendon as were necessary for commer cial aviation. 