THE MIGRANTS WE NEED There is no influx of immigrants. There is a trickle. The best hope for Australia Is that it will develop into a steady flow. In twelve months ending on May 31 of last year 17,559 ' immigrants arrived, all but about a thousand being Euro- peans. But, whereas there were 8,674 permanent arrivals of British stock, we lost 9,441 British citizens. Among the European migrants were 3,094 Italians and about a thousand from northern Europe. The most acceptable immigrants are people of British birth. All Aus- tralians who believe that their country must be populated if it "is to be retained heartily welcome such newcomers. They have not been arriving in the desired pro- portions. The considerable number of Italians arriving in Australia is alarming some people. Their num- ber has been exaggerated in the minds of many from the fact that other Europeans have been con- fused with Italians. There is no reason to regard the people of Italy as undesirable immigrants: their coming here is at least evi- dence of an enterprising spirit. Neither is there any reason to describe their number as an influx: it is hardly more than a drop in a bucket. Some at least of the opposition is opposition not speci- fically to Italians but to immigra- tion, but opponents of immigration of any kind do not frankly avow themselves. Up to the present the rate of increase by Immigration from Great Britain has been dis- appointing, and Italians are coming to the full extent of their quota. British migration having halted in recent years, the need of popula- tion was still urgent. We could hardly close our gates to people who were willing to come. We cannot say to any of the friendly nations of Europe that we object to people because of their nationality. That is hardly a policy of appeasement. There is a better way of dealing with the question. Whatever objec- tion there may be to migrants from any part of Europe in undue pro- portions can be removed by an in- crease in immigration from Great Britain. Happily there is hope of a very considerable increase next year. There is also a prospect of increas- ing the number of Dutch and Danish migrants, and Sir Earle Page (Minister for Commerce) has done well to interest the Govern- ments of Holland and Denmark in the possibilities in Australia. It is very gratifying to find at this time a proposal to revive the Big Brother movement. There is no plan of immigration which makes such a popular appeal; there is none which supplies a class of migrant so likely to make good Australians; there is none which has such a record of success in starting young men on promising and useful careers. The public is familiar with the character of the movement. It is purely British, and it has the imprimatur of the Imperial and the Commonwealth Governments. Unfortunately the lag in migration due to the depression checked the operations of the movement and possibly caused a waning of public interest. It is now proposed to form a company to carry out the objects of the movement. This is to be a rarity among public companies: it will be one operating without profits. But it will have all the appurten- ances of a public company: directors and shareholders and the like. The directors will not draw fees: the shareholders will not receive dividends. But who shall say that directors and shareholders will not be rewarded? What better reward can they have than the knowledge that they are materially helping to build up a virile British Australia and to find careers for British boys of the best possible class-healthy, enterprising boys, willing to learn, willing to work hard? The two Governments will defray 75 per cent, of the expenses of manage- ment and the Big Brother Associa- tion must provide 25 per cent., or £250 a year, the estimate of requirements. The shares are £5 each: there are a thousand of them, payable 10/ on application, 10/ on allotment, and 10/ on each 1st of January (a New Year gift to Australia) until £5 has been paid. Here is an attractive business pro- position, none the less a business proposition, and none the less attractive because of its altruistic character. "Operating without pro- fits," says the circular setting forth the draft proposals. But is it liter- ally correct? Those who cast their bread upon the water only see that it floats out of sight. Faith and (in this instance) reason tell us that it is not lost. These shares should be oversubscribed. 