PROSPECTIVE IMMIGRANTS. THERE arc occasions when news seems too good to be ?? true, but 'hope springs eternal.' So much has been said during recent years about bringing immigrants to Australia, and so few have been brought, that there is something very refreshing In enc report mat me Australian minis ter for Commerce, now abroad, be lieves that out of negotiations with the Governments of Holland (or the Netherlands) and Denmark there is good prospect of acquiring settlers from those countries. In conjunc tion with this there is the important report of a British Committee which recognises the desirableness of trans ferring people from the United King dom to the Dominions but doubts whether such supply may not strain tho source. This Committee also is favorable to the sparsely populated portions of the Empire seeking rein forcements in northern Europe. As for Australia, it would be a welcome change to get people from northern instead of from southern Europe, for the Influx from the latter region has been — well, quite sufficient to go on with. In fact, North Queensland has suffered somewhat in reputation umorig the other States — not all of it warranted — and It is better that Aus tralians should be on good terms with each other. JfJOLLAND In particular might bo considered a prolific as well as a suitable country from which to acquire people who would soon be some good Australians. Next to Belgium it is the most congested place in the world. On an area of 12,761 square miles— less than half of Tas mania, sometimes termed 'tho speck' —there are approximately eight and a' half million people. That they exist there, that they progress and prosper, proves a high level of efficiency.1 The Dutch comprise one of the world's most virile races. They are strong, healthy, industrious, educated, law abiding— they possess, indeed, all the good qualities which should be wel comed in new arrivals in the Com monwealth, There is, no doubt, although It has been ridiculed, some thing in Sir Earle Page's idea that come of the swamps In Australia might be converted into good land by people from Holland, whose achieve ments in such reclamation are, as everybody knows, quite remarkable. It would appear that in this matter Sir Earlo Page has given another demonstration of the practical side of his intellect. Still, there are not enough swamps to make them a main source of occupation for Dutchmen unless their numbers we're few, and it is probable that they would devote their energies and talents to agricul ture and dairying very largely. There is plenty of room for such expansion, for both industries are in the develop ing stage with a long way to go before anything in the nature of saturation need be apprehended. Denmark is less crowded than Holland, but it also has the problem of Increases every, year in the population, the solution of which is, no doubt, causing concern. The Danes are no less desirable than the Dutch, There are many of them already in Australia; They comprised a sprinkling, at least, of the pioneers, and, like the Germans, have generally made good. In tho southern part of the State Germans and their descendants are the backbone of some fertile . districts. They all proved their worth and their reliability, and have In the truest sense made Aus tralia the land of their adoption. No settlers are held in more popular respect. JT is very earnestly to be hoped for the good of Australia that the negotiations which Sir Earle Page has conducted on the spot with the Dutch and Danish Governments will lead to something material. Not only for the good of Australia, because' it would be to the advantage of the migrants to move from a congested to ?' a free atmosphere. The benefits would bo mutual.- For this country, however, the need is greatest— it may be fairly considered urgent. The State of Europe itself is menacing enough. There also is the ruthless attack upon China. Should that succeed, even though years be occupied in the job, it might afterwards be Australia's turn. There is no use pretending that there are not potential enemies. It Is just as futile to think that there W 11UU I3UI11U HUCUlUlill JUiJtlUU ill IV crowded nation coveting this great continent. The sooner possession is justified by improved 'occupation the better it must be for all concerned, and the less insecure among the nations will be Australia. That is a truth which cannot be too often stated. It transcends narrow pre judices against immigration, most of it without economic foundation, cer tainly based on no moral ground, and devoid of support on political grounds. A moderate trickle of people from northern Europe to Australia would almost assuredly prove so successful that it would extend in good time to something of a stream, for a few suc cessful new-comers to this salubrious country would be the means of in ducing others. An interesting point is that the Government of the Nether land has offered to give an under taking to pay the cost of repatriating failures. That should not be indi cated to mean that some individual, failures are pre-supposed. The real meaning probably is that the Dutch Government has such a high opinion of its citizens and of potential migrants that there is small risk in Its offer of reparation. Thus there are, to say the least, possibilities of immigration emerging a little further from the nebulous clouds of talk into the clear atmosphere of action. Good Australians should be ready to give cordial welcome to such arrivals as the ' proposition embraces. They would add to the physical strength of this country, to its industrial capacity, probably to the general level of health, and generally to the fibre of the nation, and they would not add to unemployment. 