THE RINGMASTER The Main Springs of Migration Why Transfer to Southern Europe Was Inevitable ?imimnttmmtimmmtmmmmm IS 4/ mimmmmmiiimimmmmiitmmii£ ! W. D. FORSYTH 1 § i Queenslanders to-day are deeply interested in the question of migra tion fr^'om southern Europe. The writer of this article explains why so few leave the British Isles and the countries of northern Europe to-day. It is the second of a series of four articles written after a close survey of migration and population trends overseas. LAST year Australia lost more than 600 British people by per manent' migration compared with a gain of nearly 6000 other Europeans. Migration is reviving, but it is not British migration. This preponderance of foreign over British emigration strikes us in Aus tralia as a startling new fact. But although it is only recently that it has been forced upon our notice,]' the beginnings of this change go back many years. Migration is much more than & mere matter of transportation. It is bound up with the economic and social life of nations. An Ameri can, Harry Jerome, some years ago wrote a clever book revealing the control exerted by the alternation of boom and depression upon the changes in the volume of immigration into the United States. He showed clearly that the chief factor con trolling the numbers of immigrants into a country was the . degree of prosperity that country -was experiencing. He showed that busi ness conditions in the country of immigration determined from season to season the number of new citizens It could absorb. But what he did not show was why they came from some countries rather than others. Business conditions in the new country accounted for the inward flow, but did not explain why the flow arose in particular sources. We in Australia know that in our times of prosperity we have absorbed migrants, but we are rather vague as to why this present period of expansion should attract foreigners now in stead of Britishers as in the. past. This problem of- the sources of migrants has recently been tackled by a Danish student called Ravnholt. He finds the answer not solely in economics. His explanation Involves also population (demographic) factors and social factors. The chief social factors are language, education, and communications, but the demo graphic or population trends are much more important. , ? j T JNLESS a population is capable of sup plying emigrants all the other factors might be favourable without any emigra-1 tion taking place. For instance, other things might favour emigration from France to-day, but the decline of population growth in France long since reached a point at which she needed to reinforce her strength by receiving ?Immigrants instead of losing people by emigration, and to-day she is classified as a country of immigration, and has worked out established methods of dealing with each year's thousands of new settlers. Austria, in the past a country which supplied emgirants, finds that the diminishing birth rate of_the past generation has so depleted the younger ranks of her population that she has to envisage immigration into Austria in the future. It is a striking fact that soon after the turn of the century the great streams of migration to overseas areas ceased to flow from the coun tries of Northern and Western* Europe, while those from the south and east of the Continent gained in strength. This change has become more than ever obvious at the present time, when the people who move overseas are not so much the Ger mans, the Swiss, the British, the Dutch, the Scandinavians, and most certainly not the French, but the Italians, the Yugoslavs. (Serbs), the Greeks, the Spaniards, the Poles. When we seek an explanation of this broad fact — the south-eastward swing of the sources of European emigration, the change which has led the Americans to distinguish the New from the Old Migration— we find it partly in social factors (fuller information and better com munications in the south- eastern countries of Europe), partly in economic factors (the absorption of the north-western peoples in their own home industries while the south-eastern countries have remained largely agricultural and industrially undeveloped), but chiefly in the demographic contrast between Northwest ern and South- eastern Europe. For the decline of the birth-rate began ear lier in the north- west. France led the way; Britain, Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Holland, Switzerland, Czechoslovakia followed. The birth rates of the countries of Southern and Eastern Europe have also declined, but the decline began later, and in most of these countries has not reached a low point. Bulgaria, for example, has one of the highest fertility rates in the world to-day. A map of Europe dividing the countries of recent active emigration from those in which emigration has declined since 1900 corresponds closely with a map dividing countries of high birth-rate from those of low birth-rate. - Mil lions more babies have been born in the south eastern countries than in the north-western countries of Europe during the last generation, and now these babies have grown to manhood and womanhood, and are seeking their oppor- ' tunities in life. ? THE comparatively undeveloped state of their countries severely limits the types of work and the number of jobs ; the more people who stay at home the smaller the share for each in the national in come, and thus they lower the stan dard of living all round. They look hungrily abroad, save money, emigrate, save more money bring their brothers and sisters out. It will be very many years, if ever, before the birth-rates of those countries fall to such a level that the supply of boys and girls growing up to the age of employment dwindles to a volume at which they can be absorbed at home One solution for South-Eastem Europe is industrial development at home. And these countries would be glad to take this line, but they have enormous difficulties in finding capital and markets. Meanwhile the pressure of population keeps the thoughts of their people and their rulers fixed on emigration. For a long time to come the chief sources of migration, so far as Europe is concerned, will be found in these countries of the south and east, and nations which are concerned to in crease their population by immigration (as, for example, the Argentine) are finding it neces sary to investigate the varying' classes and quali ties of people available in those countries. It is clear that a flow of migration depends upon a balance of several forces, chiefly those of economics and population, and just how we are beginning to wonder if the balance between Britain and Australia has not moved a long way since the war, and even since the pre pression years during which we received many thousands of British settlers. Down to the post-war years the balance was favourable: Britain had a high rate of natural increase and Australia a high rate of economic expansion. We financed immigration during the 30 years before the depression, in the expecta tion of an expanding market for our raw materials and foodstuffs. Our new settlers were to help to produce greater quantities of these things to exchange against British manufac tures. * 'THE time has come, however, when we are no longer confident of expanding markets — indeed, markets have become an anxiety. And instead of importing so many of our manufactures, we are making more of them oursleves. It is true that the expansion of our industries hold's out some hope of absorbing additional labour, but in the modern world the rise and fall of unemployment within each country is tending to take the place of the movement of labour supplies from country to country. Thus the economic side of the balance. is not quite the same as before. As for the demographic side, England is be ginning to be very concerned indeed about the future of her population. Even if Australia experienced a long period of prosperous expan sion and could take many thousands of new citizens from Europe, it is doubtful if Britain could for very long- continue to supply us with large numbers of migrants. For the younger half of the English popula tion (the half from which the bulk of immi grants from any country is supplied) has been so seriously depleted by the decline of births in the last 50 years that it now seems certain that in a very few years England will herself need almost the whole of her younger citizens in her own national and economic life. Where are our new settlers to come from then? Meanwhile we have a very few years in which moderate numbers of Britishers will pos sibly be available. TO-MORROW: Can Britain Spare Migrants? 