j RUMINATION - REVIEW - REMINISCENCE. THE IMMIGRATION ISSUE— UNASSIMILABLE MINORITIES AND UNDEMOCRATIC TYPES— MIGRANTS MUST BE 75 PER CENT. BRITISH— A PERNICIOUS POLICY PRO POUNDED BY THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS UNION— W. M. HUGHES INDULGES IN PLAIN SPEAKING ON DEFENCE. (" By RUBE.") In last Friday's issue, you will re call, I dealt with the question of an increased birthrate as one of the. two means whereby Australia's popula tion could be augmented to assure its defence; to-day I purpose considering the alternative, and supporting issue of immigration. In this column, and on more than one occasion, I have as serted that an accession of popula- tion by means of permitting unas- similable foreign elements entry re presents to Australian security no contribution, rather the reverse, and would now add emphasis to the de claration. We need population, and without delay, but of its character and .its malleability to; Australian conditions and Australian living stan dards and outlook are prime essentials. We cannot, and with advantage, at any time absorb an unlimited migra tion from any one country unless it be of British stock and even then of a type consonant with that we re gard amongst ourselves as "fit." It is suggested in some circles that Aus-' tralia should be made a sanctuary for all those of Jewish blood driven out of Austria, Czechoslovakia, Italy and other countries by Fascist authority and that here, too, should be found a haven for all the German Social De mocrats who by the Nazi advance are being driven south and east and no where find a welcome. Approval of such a proposal would represent a lowering of our standard of living and possibly the creation of minori ties which would not readily merge into our national life and make rea sonable contribution to our security. o o o While we should welcome migrants we must decide the type to, admit, the racial proportion and also the age and general outlook of the in dividual. Discrimination before fin ancial standing; assimilability before I social status. During the past few years thousands of Italians have been ; admitted to Australia because on ar- , rival they were possessed of a cer- j tain amount of money, or employ- j ment had been guaranteed them by ! fellow nationals resident here. The result has not been altogether sat- i sf ant :orv Snme few of them have proved readily assimilable into Aus tralian life and have become good citizens; the majority have settled themselves in communities in var ious States and remain Italian in out look and to Australia and its de velopment make little, if any, real citizen contribution. They represent minorities resentful of control and are in every sense undemocratic and un- Australian. In the event of war with their parent nation their con tinued liberty would represent a dan ger1 to Australia tenfold as immed iate and as serious as if they were in uniform aboard a troopship or as soldiers in the trenches. The alterna- j tive to their liberty would be in ternment. As with Italians, so also with Germans — some become merged into Australian life, others do not. Speaking in Nuremberg recently Hit ler said that not only were the Ger- j mans resident in their homeland Nazi, but so also were the great majority of the race living in other countries i Lili- vugilUUl Lilt; WUilU. -LA LlllO JJG LUl" rect, then the great majority of un naturalized German residents in Aus tralia are Nazi and potential, if not actual, agents for Nazi propaganda. As Queensland has provided its many groups of Italians, so the Riverina , and South Australia, in particular, have numerous small communities of Germans, many of whom in the years 1914-18 disclosed so plainly their al legiance that their internment was deemed a very necessary precau tion. 0 0 0 Speaking generally, I would say that, irrespective the race or polit- ical profession, the total foreign im- , migration into Australia in any one j year should not be allowed to exceed i 25 to' every 100 of British blood I and that these 25 should be so divided ! I as to assure that four-fifths are of I Northern European extraction, and j preferably Danish, Dutch, Swedish | and Norwegians, who have gener ally proved adaptable and satisfac- tory citizens and capable of making substantial contribution to our na tional development. I think five per cent, of Southern Europeans an ample blood infusion of that type provided, and only provided, that its insular ity and determination to preserve its i national outlook does not prove a bar sinister to its admittance under any j circumstance. A nation is no stronger than its people; the weaker the asso- | ciation of basic interest the less able j is it to defend itself against attack. The paucity of immigration from Great Britain during the past few , years is to be deplored. Possibly officialdom has not been as persistent in its effort as it might; probably the appointment of officers equipped with a wide practical knowledge of the country and its resources and poten- tialities — real Australia lovers — and unrestricted by the red tape limita- | tion of those long associated with ; administrative control, men who could tour England and speak with apostolic voice of the opportunities this great land offers to the courag eous, could create a steady and con sistent flow of migrants of the type we need. However, and despite all that may be urged to the contrary, I am opposed to the large scale en try of Southern Europeans and other races that cannot be readily and with advantage absorbed into our national life. 9 O O Reference to the question of immi- ! gration reminds me of the article contributed by the Australian Branch I of the League of Nations Union ap- ! pearing in last Friday's issue, the subject matter of which would sug gest that, masqueradoing under the j title is an organisation seeking to I break down the White Australia , policy in order that, by a method ot 1 peaceful penetration, Japan might ultiihately and at no expense become I the controlling power of the Com- | monwealth, or that a number of well- I meaning but mentally unstable in- ! dividuals still lack the medical treat- . ment necesasry for their well-being I ; and safeguard. No more pernicious i policy could be pronounced than that, in order to obviate international mis understanding and to remove sources of irritation we should abandon any thing and everything that makes for such — that we should cease to dis- ! criminate- against certain countries j by unequal tariffs and revise our | White Australia policy so as to bring it more into keeping with our mem- j bership of the British Commonwealth | — and, significantly to this last sen- j tence is added "and the present world j situation." The present world situa- I tion discloses a Japan that insists j upon its right to make room for its | overflow population by the conquest i of China, and as means whereby it can also enforce an expansion of the mar ket for its products irrespective the injury it inflicts upon the unfortunate | people of that nation and the method by which it attains its purpose. Does ! this Ledgue of Nations Union hold, should the White Australia policy irritate the Japanese Government, it is our duty to forthwith eliminate it and throw open our ports to Jap anese immigration? If in order to safeguard local industries and local living standards we have created tariff barriers against the production of low standard nations we should, does Nippon protest, remove the re strictions and render idle our own , Australians in order that Japanese manufacturers may continue to make profits? We know that peace de- I mands some unpalatable sacrifices — the memory cf Czechoslovakia is fresh in our minds — but it is significant that | the Powers which thus decided on a sacrifice for others themselves if- mediately girt up their loins for war else in time of them also might be demanded concession for the sake of i peace. That because some acts to which we as a nation have committed ourselves in order to assure for the Australian people freedom and the' right of self-determination irritate other nations, that is no sound rea son for their recision. We make no attempt to dictate to Japan or to ! make demand that the Government | of that country mitigate laws it has ! made for its own governance. Only by the sacrifice of thousands of lives will we relax the White Australia policy t we have inaugurated for our own safeguard and which, in spite of clamour and abuse, and in the face of threat, we have rigorously main- ;, tained. 0 0 0 In connection with the defence of Australia, I would particularly ask your perusal of the following state ment made by Hon. W. M. Hughes, Minister for External Affairs, when unveiling the centenary commemora tion tablet at North Sydney on Sim- day: This is the hour when Austral ians must show themselves worthy of their breeding and their in heritance. We must prepare to defend ourselves, and to this great purpose all other things must be subordinated. During the 150 years that have elapsed since the first white settlement in this country, Australia has lived in perfect, peace. Behind the impregnable rampart of Bri tain's naval power we have gone serenely on our unhampered way. Australia's progress is due not only to the enterprise, cour age and faith of her people, but to her partnership in the Em pire. Yet some short-sighted ones amongst us sneer and belittle the Empire and would have us turn our oacKS upon it.. xne pieaexu hour called for plain speaking. A fortnight ago the peoples of the world stood on the very brink of the abyss. From the unspeak able horrors of war they had been miraculously saved. But the les sons that the danger taught had surely seared their way into their very souls. For the moment the dark blood-red clouds of war had passed away, but no man could say when they would again cover the heavens. We have made this country a better place for the great masses of the people to live in. But whatever may be our po litical opinions, whatever ideals we may cherish, they can only be realised if we retain full control of our country. And in the world as it is to-day that control can only be maintained by readiness to defend Australia from aggres sion. We must face stern reali ties. The time for talking has passed; the acid test of citizen ship to-day is .action. The need in this hour, when our liberties are menaced, is courage. Faint- hearts amongst us seex to pia- cate the implacable by talk of compromise, of yielding to> brute force, that which reason and right would deny. This is not only base but false counsel. For every inch we surrender to force serves only to incite it to further de mands. By courage and readiness to defend itself the Empire has been built up; by courage our soldiers retained our liberties that were in dealy peril; and by cour age alone can Australia.be saved. (For all articles appearing under the above heading, full editorial re sponsibility is accepted.) 