JAPANESE SAMPANS IN THE NORTH Australia's Trouble With Pearl Poachers From Our Special Representative. CANBERRA, Jan. 8. During the past few months the Government has tightened up the regulations dealing with pearling in North Australian waters, where the operations of Japaiese sampans have been showing increasing activity. Despite the arrest of several Japanese vessels, which Were found encroaching upon prohibited areas and taken to Darwin by the patrol vessel Larrakia, recent reports state that the Japanese have continued to operate in the vicinity of the Arnhem Land aboriginal reserve. Further north, outside the three-mile territorial limit, many Japanese vessels are engaged-over 100l of them, with "mother ships"-and they are credited with having discovered a valuable new pearling ground. Within the last week or two complaints have reached the Federal Government that the Japanese are now encroaching on the waters of north-west Australia. Not only have Australian pearlers, with their fleet base in Darwin, found their living slipping away from them, but for other reasons as well the Gov ernment takes a serious view of the presence of so many Japanese vessels in the north. In addition to extended patrol operations, it is proposed to utilise the aboriginals in the establish ment of a "bush telegraph" service, in order that the authorities may be kept informed of the movements of foreign vessels. To this end, the co- operation of the mission stations if being sought, and the Defence Department has work ed out a secret code for the use of the missionaries who are provided with wireless. Thus, any reports passed on by the aboriginals, whether by means of smoke signals or otherwise, will quiickly be transmitted to the Admin istrator of the Northern Territory. A Valuable Industry According to the last annual report of the Northern Territory Administra tion, there are 27 licensed vessels, owned by seven pearling concerns en gaged in the industry. The production of shell during the season dealt with in the report amounted to 743 tons, the gross value being about £71,000. The overseas demand for Territory shell was steady during the year. Apart from sales to the United Kingdom, a large percentage of the output was sold in the United States. The season's outputwas mainly de rived from a bed of mother-of-pearl shell some fifty miles north-west of Bathurst Island. This bed is also being worked by a Japanese pearling fleet numbering between 60 and 70 vessels. "These vessels," says the report, "are each of about 30 tons gross, and are serviced regularly by a large mother ship. The opposition to local pearlers is formidable. The services of exper ienced Japanese divers for local vessels are hard to obtain in consequence of such opposition. The number of inden tured members of pearling crews total led 238 men, showing an increase of 37. Japanese labour increased by 21 men, Malay labour by 56 men, while Koe pang labour and that of other nation alities decreased by 40 men." Some time ago-after the above re port was written-some new pearlshell beds were found between Darwin and Arnhem Land, and the location was kept a secret. It is believed that some of the Japanese vessels, violating the regulations, have come in to watch the movements of the Darwin fleet in order to discover the whereabouts of new grounds. "The Only Excuse" Numerous questions relating to the "menace of the sampans" have been asked in the House of Representatives by Mr. Blain, the member for the Nor thern Territory, and Mr. Riordan, the member for Kennedy, both of whom have urged the necessity for a more vigilant patrol. A new vessel is now under construction for this purpose-a much faster one than the Larrakia and with the assistance of aeroplanes and the "bush telegraph" service the Government believes that the position will improve. Some months ago the trouble was brought under the notice of the Consul General for Japan, and he conveyed the representations to his Government, in cluding the alleged interference with the aboriginal women of Arnhem Land by men from Japanese vessels. The Government has made it clear that the necessity for sheltering from storms or replenishing water supplies furnishes the only legitimate excuse for the presence of a foreign vessel in nor thern territorial waters. Neverthelss, Japanese vessels persist in invading these waters. Views of Professor Charteris The subject of "Sampans and Terri torial Waters" was discussed by Pro fessor A. H. Charteris, of Sydney, in the last issue of the "Austral-Asiatic Bulletin," which is published in Mel bourne by the Australian Institute of International Affairs. To appreciate the complaint of Aus tralian pearlers against the so-called "poaching" sampans, he said, it was necessary to distinguish between fish ing for pearl and trochus and fishing for beche de mer. The latter fruit of the sea is found only on reefs within the normal three-mile limit. The for mer are never found within territorial waters; but the pearlers can only keep to the sea for short periods, and re quire constantly to return to territorial waters for shelter. While it is true, therefore, that the Japanese sampans are on the high seas and beyond reach of .Australian law while actually en gaged in pearling, they can only en gage in' pearling in the neighbourhood of North Australia by resort to some base much nearer the pearlinggrounds than their own home ports. There is reason to believe that many of them use a base in the Dutch East Indies, and it is notorious that they make un authorised entry into Australian terri torial waters, and even into Australian territory, in disregard of the -equire ments of the Immigration, the Health. and the Customs acts, the latter, of which prohibits, under a penalty' of £100, a ship "to enter any place other than a port unless from stress of wea ther or other reasonable cause." (s. 59.) Under s. 4 "port" means "any pro claimed port." Except Darwin, there is none between Cooktown and Broome. A special grievance of the Australian pearler is that his Japanese competi tor is pearling with impunity in ex tensive areas extending well Into the high seas off the coast of Queensland, in which, 'by virtue of the Pre-Federa tion Pearling Act, passed by the Fed eral Council of Australasla anld con tinued in force by s. 7 of .the Constitu tion Act, pearling without licence is forbidden "to British ships and boats attached to British ships." The pre scribed area extends on the west from New Guinea some 90 miles off the land down to Cooktown, and on the east at the same distance from the land well down into the Gulf of Carpentaria. It is only within the last three years that the Japanese, by means of motor sampans with attendant pearlers, have undertaken for themselves the whole operation for fishing for pearl. Pre viously they had worked as divers for British pearlers or companies, who, un der the Pearling Ordinance, 1930, ap plicable to North Australia and its ter ritorial waters, were alone entitled to obtain the requisite "ship licence," al though aliens might obtain licence either as "diver" or "diver's tender" at a cost in either case of 10s per man per annum. The British pearler also required a permit to Import Asiatic labour under three years' indenture with the obligation of repatriating the Asiatic employee at the end of the term. The anomaly created by Queensland sea-areas, closed to Australian and opened to Japanese pearlers, closely resembles the situation prevailing in the Moray Firth in Scotland, which gave rise in 1906 to the well-known case of Mortensen v. Peters. At the in stance of the local line fishermen, who complained of the depredations of traw lers, the Scottish Fishery Board, by valid by-law, issued under the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1889, closed the entire vast area of 2000 square miles to fishing "by beam or otter trawl." To escape the prohibition which applied to British ships certain of the trawl-owners obtained -egistra tion under the Norwegian flag, and sent their ships into the Firth. In 1906 the Crown succeeded in enforcing the by-law against a foreigner by securing a conviction against Mortensen, the Danish master of a Norwegian trawler, for fishing in the prohibited manner at a point more than three miles from land in the Firth. Although the con viction was sustained on appeal, the Craown had a short-lived success, for on the intervention of the Norwegian Minister in London, the executive, for reasons of policy, decided not to en force the statutory penalty. That the "poaching" sampans will re ceive support from the Japanese Gov ernment in complications arising from unauthorised entry into Australian ter ritorial waters is improbable, says Pro fessor Charteris, since Japan herself Is a staunch upholder of the three-mile limit. Any claim to waters beyond that limit would amount to annexation of the high seas, and could only be made effective by international agreement. A.N.A. URGES EFFECTIVE PATROL HOBART, Monday. A question that has engaged the at.. tention of all state boards of directors and of the Federal council executive of the Australian Natives' Association is that of Japanese pearling sampans operating in northern Australian waters. The assoc;ation has informed the Commonwealth Government of its anxiety regarding the pos,tion, and has urged a more vigilant patrol of such waters both on sea and from the air. To the State Premier (Mr. A. G. Ogil. vie, IK.C.), the Tasmania general sec retary of the association (Mr. A. J. Tyler wrote, asking that the matter be listed for discussion at the next Pre miers' conference. Mr. Ogilvie has replied in agreement with these views. 