SOURCES OF SUPPLY OF SUITABLE MIGRANTS Right Types Still Available For Australia By W.D. Forsyth In his fourth and last article on migration, Mr. W. D. Forsyth, a Mel-<*> bourne University graduate, deals with likely sources front which could be drawn migrants suitable for Australia. He draws attention to the fact that the Irish are incurably emigration- minded, and points out that the Scandinavian countries can sup ply thousands of young people of the right type. The diffi culty, he says, is not to get migrants, but to obtain those accep table and nationally profitable. There are critics who consider Aus tralia can very well do without any considerable immigration to the future and that it is unwise to spend money in attracting new settlers. They dispose of the defence argument by pointing out that in these days man-power is not the chief factor of war, and that instead we should concentrate our ef forts on industrial development in or der to support an efficient mechanised defence force. They remind us that, although our birthrate has fallen considerably, we are nevertheless a people of a young average age, and consequently not faced in the immediate future with a nigh death-rate. Our population with out any immigration, will continue to increase to between seven and eight mil lions by about 1970. Again, they say. State- aided^ immi gration was costly in the past and might add again to flinn^ni difficulties to a future period of depression. All these arguments are entirely ra tional, but we have to set against them the fact that aggressive movements to the world today are not begun or con trolled or prevented by rational argu ments. We ourselves know that the greater part of Australia's vast open spaces win always remain thinly settled. 'Nature has designed them to carry few- ?"""">ig (including human beings') to the hundred square miles. But that is not how it looks on the map. Vo the politicians and militarists of overcrowded European and Asiatic countries. To them we are open to the charge that we are a mere hand ful monopolising but not using to the full a vast part of the earth's surface. To them it seems just to say that, if we do not show constant progress to the numbers of people supported by this we have no right to exclude people who might wish to try their bands at the job. , J We are known to have a Sow birth rate—in fact less than a replacement rate of population growth^-and to the outsider it seems an axiom that we should encourage the immigration of people who have not enough room in then- own countries.' Resentment (fa Other Countries Bow far this resentment at Austra lia s exclusive immigration policy will carry other nations depends upon the course of circumstances to international affairs, bet there is no doubt that a move on Australia's part to the direc tion of increasing her population by im migration would allay the very real re sentment felt in certain countries. Australia has thus had to decide whe ther to take definite steps toward greater population absorption, and naturally we find the indicators of pol icy pointing-in the direction of special encouragement for British settlers. But we have seen that there is good reason to believe that it win be a matter of some difficulty and expense to obtain large numbers of British settlers over a long period to the future. One begins to wonder what other sources of mi grants would be worth exploring if we decided to encourage immigration on any scale. During a visit, to Northern Ireland and the Irish Free State to the spring of last year I made extensive en quiries concerning the willingness of the people to emigrate. There the whole atmosphere Is different'- from England. Instead of distrust of the very word emigration, I found keen in terest to possibilities beyond Ireland. The Irish are born emigrants. Their mas a saying, reflecting the enormous exodus to America during the past 80 years, that "Connemara children an> bom with their faces to the West" That to changed now. for Irish emigration to the States slowed down after the war and turned into a return movement dur !n? the depression, but it is still trup that Irish children are bom with their eyes turned toward other lands. Irish Migrants For the past six years there has beer, much emigration from Ireland into England, an emigration increasing each year from 5.000 to 1931 to 27,000 to 1936. 2t is sUB eoing on from both North and South. Thp Irish are incurably emigra tton-mtoded. Throughout Ireland almost everyonp. I talked to was confident that Irishmen could be found to go overseas where tfcere was work to do. Four hundred people left one parish in the first nine months of 1936. and the school popula tion of the district dwindled until for the first time the school accommodation wasrtnore than adequate. This was due to family emigration, chiefly to England. land not at all to a lessening of the birthrate. The statkmmaster at a certain Fre* State county town was suffering from a severe cold, but could cot stay in bed * because of the continuous stream of people buy ing tickets to the ports lor England Even the beauty of Killarney cannot hold her sons and daughters. The president of the Cork Chamber of Commerce, in his annual report forecasts a continuance of the exodus In spite of the" Free State's Government* policy of industrial development with a view to absorbing the people at home An agricultural expert with whom I dis cussed these matters could hold out no hope that the closer settlement schemes would diminish Irish emigration very much. The high rate of industrial develop ment of all kinds in England today is a powerful magnet for employes. Un doubtedly tills attraction has been felt even as far afield as Australia, which has on balance lost population to Bri tain for several years recently. Whether Australia could attract Irish migrants against the pull ot England is a difficult question. There has. in point of fact, always been a strong tide of Irish migration into Britain (in the 1936 Free State Census Report it is calculated that for the past 40 years Irish emigra tion to Britain was quite half that to America), whereas Irish migration to Australia has declined for many years Scandinavians Favored {Scandinavians are favored as Immi grants by Australians. At the Peaceful Change Conference to Fans in July last delegates from Denmark and Norway told us what great difficulties the clos ing down of immigration to the Uniteo States had created for their countries. The Norwegian - delegate especially stressed the necessityfor his country ol finding an alternative outlet for thou sands of his fellow-countrymen, and a Danish delegate was at pains to poini out that, although it was true that the importance of migration to the world economy was decreasing, nevertheless for the time being there was sen a serious need in several countries, includ ing his own, for a relaxation of popula tion pressure by emigration. ' There are at present, and will for some years be, thousands of young Scandinavians wno find It difficult or impossible to get positions at home, ana almost imposible. because of immigra tion laws to enter overseas lands as settlers. As the -rears go by the popu lation decline which is well under way in those countries wDI reduce the num bers of young people and will remove this supoly of desirable migrants, but at present "there are thousands of young Danes. Norwegians, and Swedes ready to go overseas as permanent settlers— a source worth investigation by any country bent on adding people of good stock to its population. Refugee Problem There is anotner class of people ready, if assisted, to take risks and work hard to make themselves new homes in which to redeem the wrecking of then lives by developments of-which they are perhaps only tfie earliest victims-^thfc unfortunates who have been driven from their countries for reasons callea political. A million of such refugees are await ing onportunity today. A survey of the refugee orohlem is at present being carried out by Sir John Hope-Simpson, under the auspices of Chatham House, the Royal Institute of International Af fairs. Overseas settlement is very pre sent to the minds of the chief and the collaborators of this survey. _ German settlers liave maae their mark on Australian history. Unfor tunately, it is well-nigh impassible for Germans to emigrate today, so strict is the control of German economic life, including regulations against taking money out of the country. Besides, Germany as well as other countries, is alarmed at the trend of her population figures, and in any case recent official pronouncements ss to the duties ot Germans abroad towards the father land indicate caution to considering German immigration. The countries from which almost any number of migrants can be ob tained are the countries of Southern and Eastern Europe. By a highly effi cient system of selection, a country will ing to receive people from Poland, Bui-; garia, Yugo-Slavfe. Greece, Italy, and Spain would ensure that only people of satisfactory type were admitted. The difficulty today and tomorrow is not to get migrants, but to get migrants of types which are acceptable and na tionally profitable. 