DANISH FARMERS CANADA'S DOORS 'WIDE OPEN' IMMIGRATION ENCOURAGED When K. C. Sidenlus, Copenhagen manager for the Cunard White Star Line, arrived in Ottawa recently to confer with Canadian Government immigration authorities with regard to the possibilities of facilitating the entry of experienced Dsnish farmers into Canada., he was assured by Mr. F. C. Blair, uireccor or immigration, tnat 'the doors are wide open' for such colonists .(states the 'Christian Sci ence Monitor'). The Dominion has always had a warm welcome for people from the Scandinavian countries and, previous to 1930, was going to considerable lengths to encourage their immigration. The census of 1931 showed that there were 34,000 Danes,* 81,000 Swedes, 93,000 Norwegians, and 20,000 Ice landers resident In Canada. Since then unemployment conditions have necessitated more restrictive entry regulations but Scandinavians still are] arriving by several thousands annually. The preferred class are farmers and farm laborers. They are expected to arrive with appoxlmately 1000 dollars In cash, except where they have friends already established in Canada, when only half that sum or less is required. NEW SCHEME The new colonising scheme, as ex plained to Immigration officials by Mr. Sidenius, emanates In Copenhagen, where Bundgaard Neilson and a com mittee are proposing, to emigrate sur plus population to Canada under Gov ernment control. After investigation tiiey have chosen certain districts ln northern Ontario as having conditions similar to those in Denmark, particu larly ln the vicinity of Elk and Wah napatie Lakes. They suggest that thi first party of 250 should be stationer near Sudbury in camps nrepared in advanoe and should be self-supporting by cutting pulpwood for mills. Mr. Sidenius was advised that offi cials were not aware of paper or pulp companies being willing to finance such settlement and that, otherwise Canada would be reluctant to open the doors to general labor of which there is a surplus. However, officials are willing to be convinced, and any guar antee of financial assistance in settle ment would receive the heartiest sup port. , FINE AGRICULTURISTS Denmark to-day produces the finest type of agriculturist in the world, de clared Mr. Sidenius. He explained that South America, realising this, and need ing experienced mixed farmers, is spending large sums in the Danish press advertising advantages South America offers to Danish families for settlement purposes. Venezuela, in addition to granting free ocean passage from Copen hagen to La Guaira to farmer families, will grant them sums equivalent to 2500 Canadian dollars for the pur chase of land, farm equipment, stock, and household furniture. While differences in climatic and racial conditions existing between northern Europe and South America would appear to be a great obstacle to this scheme, said Mr. Sidenius, pri vate investigation^ undertaken by the Danish Government on behalf of it? nationals show that those families who have already gone to Venezuela have been able to adsnt themselves in a satisfactory manner. The Argentine authorities are also active in Denmark he said, and will shortly open an ela borate bureau for immigration propa ganda purposes. The film actress, Dorothy Lamour has been operated on at Hollywood for acute appendicitis. She is report ed to be resting comfortably. 