NEW MIGRATION PROBLEM The Federal Government's plan for the assisted migration of people of British stock and the exploratory work designed to attract Danish and Dutch migrants to Australia are practical illustrations of Canberra's desire to accelerate the flow of suit able newcomers to this country. Members of the Government are fully aware of the need for a steadily increasing population; but it is doubtful whether the public is sufficiently impressed by the urgency of the problem. It is, of course, an extremely complex problem, bound up with questions of internal economy, and colored by a popular fear that large-scale migration will disturb our industrial balance. But the report of the British Government's Oversea Settlement Board throws a clear light upon a vital aspect of the whole subject of migration; and the attention of all thoughtful people should be directed to some of its more important conclusions. There are two conclusions of major importance. One is that the white population of the Empire is declining in an alarming Avay; and the other is that Britain may not be able to supply to the Dominions sufficient settlers to offset the de cline. From these conclusions emerges the suggestion that the Do minions (Australia, and New Zealand in particular) should admit a regu lated flow of foreigners of assimilable types. The main stream of migra tion from Europe to-day is from south-eastern and central Europe. Economic, and to some extent poli tical, pressure dictates the flow. Poles and Italians in large numbers are willing to come to Australia; and if Federal Cabinet has decided to restrict as far as possible the growth of alien communities in Australia, it is not because Australians are hos tile, but because of an understand able and wise desire to build up our population with British stock or people of kindred race. The problem, therefore, becomes largely one of organisation. If British migrants are not forthcoming in sufficient numbers the next field is the Scan dinavian countries. . The natural flow from those countries is com paratively small — a fact which ren ders necessary intensive publicity and a careful examination of Aus tralian industrial needs, so that mi- grants from these lands may be as sured at least of reasonable op portunities when they land. Naturally Australia claims the right to say what kind of immigrants she wants. She is entitled also to say that she does not want an other country's unemployables ; and that her own workers must i be pro tected. But above that our num bers are increasing too slowly. The remarkable recommendation con tained in, the Oversea Settlement Board's " report that the Dominions should absorb foreigners is a sign of the times that cannot he ignored. The old conception of Great Britain ns a .source of population for the Dominions must give place to an- then economic reality, affecting Aus tralia and New Zealand more ur gently than any other part of the Empire. No longer can Australia, rely upon her birthrate to preserve the national security, and she can not at present rely upon the surplus population from Great Britain. Nor .can this country claim any longer to be sheltered and isolated. Australia is a. community in the densely- populated Pacific basin. She is set in a potentially dangerous and explosive zone, . and migration ) to | these shores, once simply a question of development, is now closely re lated ' to ' national security. It is, therefore; imperative that the Fed eral Government's migration ' policy should be expertly framed in every detail. - Another failure would be i calamitous. Let the immigrant be chosen who is likely to succeed and find his nl'ace. Mistakes at this si age might dry up the stream al together. . - 