Migration Again T© The Fore POPULATING THE COMMONWEALTH Nordic Races Preferred Oversea Settlement Board's Recommendations london; June 23. The political correspondent of the Australian Associated Press learns that the report of the Overseas Set tlement Board specifically suggests that the Dominions (meaning Aus tralia, which the report recognises as the only Dominion so far reopening immigration) should absorb Northern Europeans to counter the migration of Southern Europeans, including Italians, which is increasing, to Aus tralia. The report does not reveal any epoch-making schemes and does not envisage any immediate expansion of migration to Australia to the extent of materially altering the population position within a decade. It emphasises the point that it would be a mistake, to arouse false and exaggerated hopes of a large-scale transplanting of populations. However, the Govern ment attaches great importance to the document, for which it is ela borately preparing world-wide pub lication in the light of the territorial ambitions of the 'have not'' nations. The Copenhagen correspondent of the 'Daily Telegraph' writes that the Commonwealth Minister for Commerce (Sir Earle Page), in a statement to Danish newspapers, said: — 'I have heard about the Danish migration to Venezuela. I cannot understand why Danish far mers do not go to Australia where conditions are much better. We are eager for many Danish farmers. My talk with the Danish Emigration De partment has convinced me that an agreement between Australia and Denmark will be reached.' ? ' A special - article foreshadowing the recommendations of the report will appear tomorrow in the 'York- shire Observer' and its allied publi cations, with which Lord Barnby, a partner^ in the wool firm of Francis wHley & Co. Ltd., is associated. It says that the interest now existing is reflected in the motion of more than 270 members of the House of Commons — that the 'time has ar rived for the early resumption of the movement of population within the Empire, and urging the British Government to invite the Dominions to make early preparations for ap . proved schemes.' The article emphasises the fact that Australia is obviously under populated, but the German sugges tion that the Commonwealth's capacity is a population of 200 mil lions before the end of the century is discounted as fantastic. 