By PHYLLIS MOORE GALLAGHER The First Chapter GLORIA LEE, at nineteen, was dis turbingly beautiful. Men looked admiringly at the lovely blonde girl who sold them cigarettes in the lobby of the Palace Hotel. But no man had affected Gloria in the same way as Rodney Callman, wealthy, handsome, and with a reputation as a heart-breaker. She met him by accident when he was a guest at the wedding of his cousin Marcella Drake, to Baron Hans von Dreyfuss. At the fashionable re ception at the Palace Hotel, Lena, Gloria's kitten, jumped on to Mar cella's train and the Baron kicked her savagely away. As Gloria was com forting her pet, Rodney came across to ask if he could help. "If that blow didn't hurt her, the cat's a man of iron," he said. They laughed, and all at once it seemed as if they were old friends. So that it seemed quite all right to accept his invitation to dinner. And after that to go drives with him, to see movies with him, to visit night clubs. "Careful, Glo'," said her brother Tommy. "He's rich and he's not the marrying kind. And when a rich man pays attention to a 'poor unknown girl . . But Gloria wasn't careful. She let herself fall in love. 'And then it seemed that Tommy was wrong, be cause Rodney asked her to marry him, one Saturday evening. But that was before he met Isobel, Gloria's sister. Isobel, sleek and dark and exquisite. Isobel, who set her cap at Rodney from the first, despite the fact that she was engaged to Dr. Peter Kent. Set her cap at him.because she wanted all the things a Irich marriage could bring her and that Peter, being poor, could never give her. Gloria tried . to. still her fears by felling herself that Isobel didn't really mean to steal Rodney, that she loved Peter, but the burning hatred in Peter's eyes when he looked at Rod ney terrified her. Then on the day after Rodney had k proposed to her, ne drove up to the bungalow with Henry Drake, Marcella's brother, and proposed that they all spend the day at the Country Club.' But Peter, who was visiting Isobel, said he had a Patient to attend to. "But if Isobel wishes to go-" Isobel wished very much to go, and manoeuvred things so that she , sat in s the roadster with Rodney, mile Gloria and Henry sat in the umble, Peter stood and watched nem sweep out of sight with misery in his eyes. Now Read On HAT Sunday at the Kenwood Country Club woulti always be Tli . a Con^using memory to Gloria. ...iff were some things, however, . ,! sJ"ie would recall vividly. She fpoi' aIways> with a sort of sinking. von!!1®1 vemen?ker these fashionable tlipi 1 women staring at her, raising pi'r brows discreetly and exchanging . glances. Those glances said ]L? Plainly that Rodney Callman and had j ,;^ce "belonged" and yet.they (ijj M them for two girls who m not "belong." ljv. 01'ia could quite definitely read the "Oh i ! ,e ^tle redhead as she said: epilo . * know who the blonde is. She W nC!gfi at ^e Palace Hotel. It was ^°°k a ride on Marcella's cii-le i Veil!" She could see the other aio,," a.sJ about Isobel, wondering ^ Jf "the brunette in Rod's party T Gloria trembled when she felt Rodney come up behind her. Her heart throbbed,, cruelly., "Gloria, I'm asking forgiveness" Rodney said. "I'm sorry-about tonight." worked in the- Callman ChemicalFac tory." But even more clearly' Gloria would remember Rodney's glass being emp tied and refilled, emptied and refilled; Rodney's eyes always getting blacker and more burning. She could -see Isa bel's smooth, pale skin beginning to flush, finally dully glowing; hear Isa bel's voice growing always deeper and softer. Henry Drake's voice, on the con trary, . as the afternoon and evening wore on, acquired a rasping shrillness. He talked constantly about his craving for a. chicken farm.' Then Rodney and Isabel had turn ed on the radio and were dancing, too close. Isabel curving her' throat back in a pale arc to look into his face. And she, Gloria, was sitting there by Henry, twisting and ^ untwisting her handker chief and bringing her glance to his face at intervals so as to seem eager and attentive. After all, she kept tell ing herself Isabel was Isabel and how should Rodney see through her; how, should he possibly know what she was trying to do! . Henry Drake said, suddenly: "You're six shades of green, Gloria. None par ticularly becoming." Gloria caught her breath with a lit tle gasp. "Is it that plain?" Then she added: "I know it's disgusting of me, but at that I'm not being as jealous as I could." "I haven't a doubt of your capacity," Henry said, evenly. "Believe me, I'm impressed . . . and resentful. If I thought there was any hope in the world of me causing you to turn that ? billious color . . ." he didn't finish, but sat there for a moment searching her wide eyes, "Look here, let me get this straight. Is there anything really serious between you and old Rod?" "Serious?" It was Rodney's voice there between them. Rodney standing close and looking young and dangerous and completely jealous. "Is marriage serious, Henry? Or isn't anything sac red-or serious-to you?" Henry's eyes snapped. "You don't mean ..." "But I do!" Rodney grinned down at Gloria. In that moment Isabel went out of her stricken mind like a shadow at noon. When Rodney took her hand and drew her to her feet, her heart was kicking against her side. She didn't even look at Isabel, who was standing there by Rodney, suddenly pale, her face work ing a little as if she were about to say something unpleasant. GLORIA and Rodney went into the deserted library. They sat down on the thick rug before the fire and the firelight was on Rodney's dark cheeks, in his dark eyes that were looking at her alone. He asked sudden ly: "Happy?" half under his. breath, his fingers over her wrist. "You know I am," said Gloria, at once a vow and, a prayer. Rodney, his hold tightening said: "I can't believe this has happened to me. I'm afraid every minute I'll wake up and find it's a dream-and that life has no real meaning after all." He caught her to him then and held her close, as he might have held a small child. With her head against his breast she thought: "I'm happy now, at this mom ent. I'm happier than anyone ever was in this world before.*' They broke apart, rather guiltily, Gloria flushing vividly as a group of young people came into the big room and began setting up bridge tables. The girls said: "Hello, Rod," and "De cided to desert Washington permanent ly for the home town, Rod?" Rodney grinned at then , pulling Gloria to her feet as he rose. And then they were standing with a group of young people and Rodney was say ing: "This is Gloria Lee, everybody the future Mrs Rodney. Callman. Gloria, be careful of that man with the wax . moustache. He's been married three times. He's Howard Adams. And, from left to right, there's Jennie Van Sant, Muriel Moulton, Carnelia Fitch." There were others, but Gloria couldn't remember their names. "This is no gag, folks," Rodney went on. "You'll, be reading about it in the papers one day soon when a formal announcement is made!" Not until that moment; not until she heard the little flutter, of feminine ex citement and masculine hand clapping down on Rodney's. back could she really believe that this was happening to her. There was only one thing to mar her happiness. Through the wide archway of the door she could see Isabel at the little table in the cocktail room with Henry Drake. Isabel had heard. She was putting down a half-empty glass; crushing out a half-smoked cigarette., Her black eyes-were sullen arid resentful. Something caught and turned in Gloria's heart and she thought in a swift surge of tenderness, "I'll do things for Isabel. All my life I'll try to make it up to her because this is happening to me instead of her. If only Isabel had fallen in love with Rodney and I with Peter!" (Continued on Page 40) 'THE MAN SHE WON": .^^^.3, And she failed utterly to see that Henry Drake, who bad heard, too, was pushing back from the table, edging nis way through the lounge to the bar. LENA wasn't, after all, as Rod ney had said, "a man of iron." The little kitten had seemed well enough for the last two weeks. She had partaken of nourishment, had chased a ball of yarn with enthusiasm, had purred contently. But this morn ing as Gloria was dressing hurriedly for work she heard her mother's feet rushing back and forth in the kitchen in a way that was foreign to her usual quiet manner. And then Mrs Lee was calling Gloria. She was saying: "Gloria! Gloria! Come here. Lena's having a fit. I don't know what to do!" Gloria, upon beholding the squirming and miserable kitten didn't know what to do either. Isabel' who had followed Gloria into the kitchen said, nastily: "Why Lena has to indulge in plural fits instead of the modest one required by convention and why she had to get me out of bed at this hour . . ." She didn't finish for at that moment Gloria saw Peter coming out- of his back door, his little black bag swing ing along by his side. He was hurrying toward the garage. In a flash Gloria was out of. her own back door and fly ing up the sloping hill. She was out of breath when she reached him, but she managed to say, somehow: "Peter, do you know anything about cat diseases? Oh) Peter-look at Lena" Peter said: "Good heavens, she's having a fit! We'd better get her to a vet. He helped Gloria into the road ster and climbed in under the wheel. Then he asked, swinging out into Elm Street: "What on earth happened? It's a con cussion probably. Did she get a fall?" Gloria told him about the wedding. "You saw the picture of her riding on Marcella Drake's wedding veil the day she married Baron von Dreyfuss. Remember how scared I- was that I might lose my concession on account of it." Peter said: "Yes, but the papers didn't say anything about Lena get ting kicked. Nor did you. Who kicked her?" Gloria told him and for a moment Peter drove on in silence, the mus cles of his jaw working tensley. He said, simply: "Baron Hans von Drey fuss" Gloria had no way. to know, that a distinct Burmese scene had struck across Peter's consciousness. For Peter was remembering an ? afternoon in Burma. He had been a little boy then, hardly more than 10, making an around-the-world cruise with his parents. He had liked Burma; the golden brown natives in their sarongs, the medieval rusticity of the country \- terraced rice fields, millet patches and gardens of yams. There were thrills in Burma for a small boy. The missionary Bishop, whom they were visiting, told of great bison that roamed the fields, of wild elephants that destroyed the crops, of man-eating tigers. And that afternoon, urged on by a small boy's love of adventure, Peter had wandered away from the Mission House, growing bolder and braver with every minute. He did not think once of danger until the sound of a low moan, more of pleading than of pain, stopped him short in his tracks. He had been instantly terrified and yet he had tipped, quietly-curiously-through the tangled vines. He had come upon a scene that he was never to forget. A white man in his early twenties, who was also a guest at the Mission House, stood/over a small Chinese boy who lay bent, as if in prayer, his. copper-colored body glistening with sweat, his muscles tense. Over the bare back a lash hung like a poised snake, then rose and fell with a sicken ing thud, heavily, the tip crawling along the spine and leaving a hideous red cord in its stinging wake. The boy's head lifted, his eyes pleaded, but the white face above only smiled through narrowed eyes, like a gourmand who licks his lips before a feast. Peter had covered, his face with his hands. He could not look; and he was too little to interfere. He heard the terrible moans, the swift brutal cracking of the whip, faster and faster now, drowning out the anguished cries. Then the white man left, whistling softly, and. Peter hurried to the boy -. to that small, bruised mound of bleeding meat. And that night Peter had sat in the Bishop's dining room and had stared at the white man across the table. He had listened to the man wondering aloud why his Num ber One boy had run away from him. Peter had wanted to cry out into that room what he had seen; to de scribe the brutal beating and the cruel glow of satisfaction he had seen on the man's face. However, he didn't. But in his child's heart, Peter Kent had said, solemnly, passionately: "One of these days I'll be grown. Somewhere - some time - I'll see Baron Hans von Dreyfuss again and I'll show him how it feels to be lashed." THE starch - coated veterinary surgeon said: "It's brain concussion. A clot has formed. There isn't anything I can do. The kindest thing would be to chloro form her." Tears sprang into Gloria's eyes, her chin trembled. She turned to the door, and Peter, after a few more words with -the veterinarian,' followed her out into the street. He said coldly: "Dreyfuss would probably be delighted if he knew Lena was going to die." "Oh-h, no!" said Gloria quickly. "He couldn't, Peter. He didn't mean to kick her that hard." "No," said Peter evenly, "I guess not" But the line, of his jaw was working again and his grey eyes were narrowed Peter dropped Gloria off at the hotel. As she stepped out and stood there un der the porte-cochere, a small, lovely girl in a blue tweed suit that matched her eyes, she asked gravely: "How is Mrs Matthews, Peter? Any. sign of the baby yet?" Peter said: "I'm on my way there now. I ordered quinine and castor oil. Things'll be happening today, I'm sure. That little cuss, tenacious as he is, couldn't resist that dose!" And with a grin Peter was gone on his way of mercy, Gloria stood there watching him, a little puzzled. She suddenly remembered that he had not mentioned Rodney, and yet he knew now that she was going to marry Rodney. She thought: "The play that Isabel made for Rodney has made Peter dislike him." She thought, too, that as time went on she'd have to think of something to bring friendship between the man she loved and the man who was her friend. GLORIA glanced at Tommy as she hur ried to her stand to relieve the page boy who opened and closed her stand for her. Tommy was busy, as he always was. But there was no smile on his face, not even a light in his eyes. And for Tommy, that was strange. All morning Gloria watched Tommy and became increasingly convinced that something was wrong. Once or twice she saw him gnarl one hand into a powerful boxer's fist, and beat it against his other palm. She saw a look, almost of desperation, cross his face. And so, at noon, she went over to the . front desk and faced him. "Tommy," she said, "aren't you feel ing well?" "Sure," said Tommy, evenly, "never better in my life. And a good thing, too. I've a fight scheduled for Friday night Against Gunner Smith. And what a. guy he is!" "Tommy," Gloria persisted, "there's something wrong! I know it!" "Sure," said Tommy. "There's some thing wrong all right. This life I'm leading. People who never get any mail asking me twenty times a day to look in their boxes for them. People calling down and asking the damndest ques tions. Old ladies losing their door-keys and expecting me to produce one out of their boxes, like a magician! And you ask me why I look worried. What a life!" It was an explanation. Gloria wanted to believe it, so she did. Then Tommy said: "By the way, Aunt Bessie's ill, Mother telephoned about an hour ago and said for me to tell you. She didn't even have time to go to market before she left for Midvale. I don't know how long she'll be gone. Aunt Bessie prob ably hasn't anything but a headache! If she wasn't a pillar of the Church, I'd swear she was having hangovers. Or maybe it is a hangover-from Isabel's visit with her!" He laughed and then he was com pletely serious. "Speaking of Isabel, wouldn't it be swell," he said, "if she would have dinner ready for us when we get home. A steak about an inch thick, mashed potatoes and . . ." "Stop"' said. Gloria, gravely, "you're taxing my imagination." "Yeah!" said Tommy, "and how! Isa bel will be lying around in something sirenish waiting for us to dish out a bacchanalian feast for her. For a gal who's scared sick at the sight of a kit chen, she can certainly pack away the food." i LORIA was tired when the day was Aaae and she was feeling vaguely lonely ^0Ji * n/r**+ViAi* ixrmilrl not. ne noiriG tn TcnliGls lUALiiw** - ,T - -« llv free. She could have gone to mar c'ay . .1/1 'Uotui 1->nrl dinnpr wait.ini?. £f. ,in0 could have had dinner waiting. 'ue wouldn't have gone to market, "f there would be no dinner ready, a d if Mother had left early, all the I" k would be mussed, dust would be thick on the floors and furniture and ere would be a sink full of dirty eakfasl, dishes in the kitchen. Then filoria thought of Rodney, and her own Sing happiness, ,and hated herself a it e for being resentful She hugged her own happiness about her like a warm Jinak and when she met Tommy in S' of the hotel her young face was radiant. They stopped at a grocery. Tommy sak as Gloria, piled his arms full of bunclles: "You know what . I did, Glo I telephoned Isabel' and told her that YOU and I were staying at the hotel for Sinner on account of the convention. I S 'Lady, if you want to eat, you've got to Ax it yo self!' Boy, she burned right down to the ground. She said she Mn't have 10 cents in the house and Peter had just telephoned breakinghis dinner date with her because that Mat thews baby is getting himself ( born. What do you want to bet, Glo, that Isabel will go hungry, before she 11 lower her self-esteem by sticking that classical nose of hers into the kitchen? "And I' should lose my. dough on a bet like that?" laughed Gloria. I HEY were still laugh _ ing as they ran up the cement walk of the bungalow and hur ried through the front door, market bundles piled' to their young eyes. Tommy yelled out' lustily: Surprisej Surprise! You can eat after all, Isabel! Then his voice trailed off and Gloria fouffd her heart pounding and her eyes hot and burning in. her face. For in the parlor with the lamplight glowing faintly sat Isabel and Rodney. Isabel was wearing white velvet lounging pyjamas of <|xtremely soft velvet which fell away from her lovely throat and left her white arms bare. There were yards of velvet in the pyjama trousers, quite like a flowing skirt. There was less velvet in the bodice. There the designer had per haps remembered that brevity has charms other than wit. Or he might have anticipated Isabel. It was the'first time Gloria had seen her sister in anything that hadn't been made by their mother, and it made her altogether different. And she thought: "Mother left money for us to run the house while she's gone, and Isabel took it and bought those ridiculous -pyjamas!" Gloria didn't know how she knew, but it was suddenly clear to' her* "Well," Isabel -'said,- gayly, "how lovely." But her dark' eyes were hot glad to see them at all; they said elo quently, "So you were ragging me about staying at the hotel for dinner." Isabel put a hand to her hair then, otherwise Gloria might not haive noticed that its deep', waves were slightly roughed, as if from too hasty a comb. Rodney said: " "I thought you were going to work late tonight, Gloria. I called and Isabel said she was lonely, l thought I'd keep her company while I was waiting for you." He stopped short and because, apparently, he could think ot nothing else, he said, "I hope your Aunt Bessie isn't very ill." one 11 be all right, said Tommy, sar castically. "Don't let it get you down!" , l-00^ Gloria's, bundles and went to the kitchen, Gloria slipped out of her blue coat and ma it across a chair. She kept telling herself stoutly, "Don't make a fool of yourself, Gloria Lee. Don't put a con nV ,1.011 this 'that doesn't belong [JeKV, Then she looked at Rodney and i"5 "lood that tore through her body was a sharp, torturing' .flame. For. all nv, C(? , saw the faint crimson Bmear lin p, y s chin, just beneath his lower xi . Jurned her blonde head and aw that Isabel was" seeing it, too, for ino?first time. ciif ^or^a ^ad not had suddenly to fight n .n -ss ^ the pit of her stomach, a peeping chill in her fingers, and a thud n? 'ier breast, she could have the look on Isabel's face. She i deliberately to see if Isabel would fin Isabel didn't. Isabel reached a ? gesture' entirely graceful,' while it'rewarded her with a i S"Q 'from a box on the end "table,' iaa the added'advantage of concealing Aereyes. . wie air was tense- Some one had to something, so Gloria spoke, and she vouicin t have recognised her own voice. no said, in a drawling sort of way, "Rodney, you look as if you're having a haemorrhage." "What?" cried Rodney Gloria took her handkerchief out of a pocket and opened one corner of it. She went close to Rodney. Carefully she wiped the little smear of lipstick from the edge of his lower lip. And then she folded the handkerchief with the red smudge uppermost. She didn't wait for him to say anything. She turned quickly, running her hands carelessly through her hair so that it stood out gorgeously. She said, almost gaily, "If you two are as hungry as I, you'll be glad to know that I'm on my way to the kitchen to broil a steak." ^"*1 LORIA'S facc was ^|l very white, yet she had herself under control when she quietly opened the kitchen door. Tommy was in there, sitting before the enamel topped table, his red head buried in his arms. Like someone in a daze Gloria watched her brother. His fingers were twitching nervously, there was tragic tenseness in the whole sweep of his long back, Gloria said, "Tommy!" He looked up quickly, his eyes stricken. He said, "I'm tired." But he wasn't. Tommy was never tired. She knew that. She went to him, her own troubles forgotten for the moment. She put her slim fingers on his shoulders. "Tommy, what is it? Tommy, tell me!" His young face closed against her. He got up, a tall, handsome fellow with re bellious hair and a powerful body. He began unwrapping the steak. He said, between almost clenched teeth: "Cripes, what a steak! It was a noble cow that laid down its life for this one!" « S?MY turne,d left Gloria saw that hie n> a"d the effort to con fin 1 i -m *Was rigid with couM Sb! JSE jtEasrifs W"T PSTAIRS, in the one i ,i small room direntlv under the eaves of the bungalow, Tommy sat down and stared blindly through P^r ?PWf'n W i(hat lo°ked upon T?m1j l i? garden, Downstairs he joi'r rattle of dishes and pans and Gloria moving too quickly about the Kitchen. In the living room he could hear Isabel, and Rodney talking softly. ,.!aid ,to himself, furiously: "Gloria ought to hate Isobel for what she's obvi ously trying to do! Peter deserves a better break than he's getting, too." Then Tommy thought of Marcella Drake. In brooding misery he thought back on the last six months. Like the public at large, he had always heard of Marcella Drake, ; He had heard and read in gossip col umns what dances she attended; what liners carried her to Europe every year, and what famous people she and her brother, Henry, met and played with. He had, like every one else in the city, glimpsed Marcel'la on the streets three or four times' a year. She was a great heiress and he was just a lad in the street; a lad who had sharpened his wits as a newsboy, who had had repetitious contacts with pool room operators, corner policemen and barroom sportsmen and who was now augmenting his natural equipment with a premature business career necessitat ed by the death of his father and the needs of his mother. But seeing Marcella Drake that June day, across the desk from him, touching her slim gloved fingers as he handed her her mail and looking into the shin ing depths of\ her dark eyes, had mat tered. He had told' himself as she> had disappeared down: the lobby: "Don't be a fool! That girl, can never be anything but a romantic dream to you, a lovely creature separated from you by the in superable barrier of wealth and socially ambitious parents." And yet, from that day. when the Drakes had turned-their- enormous estate over to remodellers. and had moved into the Palace, every fibre of his being had been exquisitely conscious of Marcella. He began watching for Marcella, hun grily aware of her being under the same roof with him. Every time an eleva tor door swung open he looked, hope fully, his heart racing, his breath short in his mouth. There was comfort in just handling messages .and letters addressed (Continued Overleaf) THE MAN SHE WON: (Continued from Previous Page) to her.- and cashing her . enormous cheques. She had no way to know that the touch of her fingers made his knees tremble and that when she lifted her starry eyes to his face his heart stood still. He never held the slightest hope of knowing Marcella Drake, He knew his place and the rules of the hotel which allowed the employes no social contacts with the residents; he understood fully that Marcella moved in a world of fashion of which he had no part. The Drakes weren't an old family in the sense of ancestors and generations of fine blood and standing and money like Peter Kent's family had been. Marcella's father was the son of a Danish immigrant; one son in a family of fifteen children. He had been a day laborer, he had known grim hunger in the slums of a great city, he had work ed in the mines. And in spite of this or possibly because of it-he had become one of America's industrial giants, amas sing a great fortune. Somewhere along the road of his life, when he had only begun to climb, he had married the daughter of an impov erished farmer and Henry and Marcella had been born. Marcella hadn't been wholly a beloved daughter for the Drakes in those years; nor had Henry been a beloved son. They had been, rather, a means to an end; Marcella a radiantly beautiful decoy who, by making a bril liant marriage, would open the remain ing social gates that were tightly closed against them. THEN one day Marcella had come up to the front desk when the other clerks were out to lunch. She had been wearing a white dress that flowed like water over her slender curves, modelling her ex quisitely. Her black eyes had been very bright and her skin, against the white, was like golden honey. She had said, almost gravely: "Why are you so deter mined not to say anything to me other than 'Good morning, Miss Drake'?" Tommy's heart had thundered against his side; sheer, surprise that she had been conscious of him all along , had made him a. little dizzy. He had said, perhaps stupidly: "I vary it by saying, 'Good evening, Miss Drake.'" And he had laughed a little to cover his confusion. Her eyes had become very tender. "Tommy - your name is Tommy, isn't it? Mother and father are in Europe, as you know. I'm quite lonely. I won der if you'd take me to a movie to night?" Color had stung her cheeks then. In a sort of quivering daze he had watched that pink as it spread from her cheeks to her .temples. He had known that what she. was saying was very difficult for her. She had gone on, softly: "I had to ask you. You'd never, have asked me. And; yet, somehow, I knew you wanted to!" "Yes-s, I-I did." And then he ..'had' told her about the hotel rules. She had laughed into his eyes. "Oh; that can be managed. I'll meet you on the corner. At 7." And with her eves shining she ' had hurried off'to the elevator, glancing back-once, the color still. high ' in her. cheeks. ALL the summer he had met Marcella on the corner, at the drug store or out at the lake. He couldn't believe, sometimes, that he wasn't dreaming. And yet, it seemed the most natural thing in the world that his arm should be about her, that her dark lucent head should be on his shoulder, that they should sit for hours like that on the grassy slope along th©; lake, with the cold blue water at their feet and a white moon riding high over their heads. Then one night Tommy bent his red head and kissed Marcella on the mouth -a small mouth, soft and'sweet. For a long moment Marcella had stayed in his arms, clinging , to him, trembling, a little. Suddenly she had pushed him blindly away and had jumped to her sandaled feet. "Don't," she had said,, her voice softly strangled,' "don't ever . do . that- again." She had-stood there then, crying. Childishly.' Absurdly. Tears running down her cheeks and splashing wetly ngainst her trembling mouth. He had gone to her, had held her close. "Why, Marcella? - why must I never kiss i you again?" - "Because I love you.. Tommy. I shall always love you. You'll remember that won't you? No matter what happens?" "Marcella! What are you trying to tell me-Marcella!" . But before he could stop her, or had any idea that she was going to do it, she had pulled out of his arms, had turned and was running fleetly up the slope. Her roadster started instantly ana in a flash, before he could reach her, she was gone. The next day Tommy found Mrs Drake before his desk; Mrs Drake just back from Paris, in a black satin frock with pearls dripping about her neck and from her ears and her hair too brightly yel low. She was registering for her guest, Baron Hans von Dreyfuss. She was or dering his daily breakfast in bed, a gar denia to be delivered to him each morn ing with his mail, his cigarettes and the morning papers. And at noon Tommy saw the Baron and Marcella pass through the lobby a . strangely pale Marcella with violet shadows beneath her eyes. After that day Marcella avoided him. She never came to the front desk for mail or the cashing of cheques. He was never even able to catch ner eyes and hold them questioningly. telephoned from upstairs. She said in a wan little voice, that somehow seemed frightened: "Tommy, can you be out at the lake tonight at 9?" She didn't wait for him to answer. She hung up quickly as if someone had come upon her un expectedly. He had got off the bus at Riverdale and had trudged through the lonely stretch of woods that led to the place by the lake where he and Marcella had sat so often during the summer. Mar cella was there ahead of him, waiting. When she saw him she gave a pitiful little cry and came hurrying toward him. She buried her face against him and clung to him. "Tommy! Tommy!" He did not speak. The words he might have uttered were gross in the singing sweetness of the silence that linked them. Later, she told him she was going to be married in November. To Baron Hans von Dreyfuss. Her mother hiad urged it; there had been a scene, tears, threats. She couldn't, she said, let her mother down. Mrs Drake had lived for just such a brilliant marriage; every move she had made since Marcella was a tiny mite in a handkerchief-sized frock from Paris and square-toed. shoes had been made with such a wedding in mind. So she had agreed, on one condition - that it be a nominal marriage. "Hans only wants my money," she had explained carefully, "and mother only wants his title in the family. Loving you as I do, Tommy-it-it couldn't be any other kind of marriage!" X ML. wiicu - that dinner was ready, Tommy went slowly down the steps into the tiny dining room. He thought, truculently: "If Hans von Dreyfuss doesn't make Marcella happy, I'll . . . I . ." His ' mind ?, didn't finish the thought, but .there was a grim set to his jaw and .his eyes .burned feverishly. Then he ? was ', in the dining room, swinging'one long leg over a chair. Sitting at the small tabic in candle light were Isabel, Gloria, Rodney and Henry Drake, who had just dropped in. Gloria was saying, brightly, too brightly, .Tommy thought,. "I waved my \yand and presto! there was dinner!" . "For my . part," said Isabel, "I shall be . glad when the human race gives up coojcing. When all you'll have to do . is call up the corner store and have 1 them .deliver you enough capsules to take , care of meals for a month." No one saw Peter in the door. He had come in quietly, without knocking, as was his privilege in the Lee's bun galow-a tall young man, tired and THEN one night, late in August, Marcella had tnsn sn? xiciu ila. tun nwi. 4.MWV - , words catching in her throat, "Oh, Tommy, darling-what's to become oi us - what's to become of us!" LONG while later, overworked. He said, smiling "I've just been looking at the darned sweetest thing I ever saw!" They all looked up simultaneously. They called "Hi, there, Pete! Isabel sighed and leaned ker" chin on a small clenched fist. So the Matthews brat is born at last, eh, Peter; And I hope it means well have a few hours to call our own for a change. . Gloria shivered. She thought "How can Isabel be so alien to Peters every interest." And because Peter looked so let-down, she beamed at him. Was it a boy, Peter?" she cried. And how is Elva Matthews?" "It's a boy, all right. Nine pounds, bald as a bat. .Elva Matthews is fine. He said other things about Elva Mat thews then-things about physical cour age and beauty of spirit. He had per formed a difficult Caesarian under a soinal anaesthetic and he was shyly proud, of himself and Elva. Its bravery rooted in fear that I admire.' Elva Matthews was afraid-but brave! For a moment the room was tense. Gloria could feel it like a tangible thing. She got up quickly. She said: Peter, what you need is some of that steak. Sit down while I get you a plate and some silver. Really, there s plenty. And with a graceful movement she hur ried into the kitchen. SHE was just taking down a seagreen plate when she felt strong hands on her shoul ders. Her heart began to throb, cruelly, and her lips trembled. It was Rodney. "Gloria, I'm asking forgiveness," he said. "I'm sorry-about tonight. Isabel and I had a spot too much to drink. It didn't mean anything, that lipstick. It just happened, that was all." He dug in his pocket then and brought out. a little square velvet box. He said, hand ing it to Gloria: "I really came to wait for you, Gloria. That's the truth. Gloria took the box, timidly, and snapped the pearl button. The lid flew open on its expensive hinge and a dia mond, enormous and square-cut with smaller stones flaming down the plati num circle, made her eyes blink. Joy broke apart within her and fell into quivering fragments all along her body. "Rodney!" she cried. "It's exquisite;" and she went into his arms with a long, sigh, relieved as a patient child at the release from suffering. And Rodney kissed her and hated himself. He thought "There are two kinds of women; Good and bad. You fall in love with the good ones and marry them. You have . your moments with the bad ones and regret . them. That's all. And yet, standing there with his arms about Gloria arid her golden head against his heart, he wasn't fooling himself. He didn't regret this afternoon with Isabel. Isabel was warm flesh and blood and in toxicatingly beautiful. > Because he was like this and could do nothing about it, a surge of tender ness, strange to him, went through his body. He drew Gloria closer and kissed her lips; and there was passion in the kiss and sweetness. It came to him, sud denly, that he had never kissed a woman in just that way before. . . . Afterwards Gloria stood . back in his arms, her eyes shining. There was a sharp, sweet tension between them, link ing them in silence. Rodney said, softly: "Gloria,' always know that it is you: I love. That there never has . been any one but you." He. went on looking at her, his eyes completely serious. "Let's," he said, "be a real family. Let's have little Sunday night snacks in the kitchen and a game of rummy when we're alone. And let's always hold hands in the mov ies. And look, I've been thinking-the Callman factory could use me in their office now. Let's live here, Gloria, m Kenwood; I'll go to the office each morn ing and . In that moment, Gloria, loving him terribly, laughed into his eyes and thought he was like a small bov 'playing at marriage. - . Tommy's red head caime through the kitchen door. He said, grinning: "For gosh sake's come on. We're all sitting in there feeling like famine victims. Everything's getting cold!" And then he Saw1 the ring shining on Glorias left hand. He whistled through 'his teeth. He said: "Boy, and could you See your way around in the dark with that head light! Congratulations!".. His young face lit up.' Henry Drake said; when they came . into the dining-room and Tommy called attention to the ring: "And me hoping all' along that Gloria would settle down with me on my . poultry farm. That is, when I settle down and buy one! No one noticed that his face was chalky white, that his eyes were burning black against it Inside Henry Drake was shaking, sickly. And he was thinking, as a boy is likelv to think who has always had everything he wanted, who has been;denied nothing. "I can't bear it! I love heri I love her! If I can't have her I'll kill myself!" Peter said nothing; nor did Isabel. And Gloria had an intuitive feeling that they had been quarrelling. It was true. Peter had told Isabel in an excited whisper that today a grateful patient had given him a building lot in Ken wood. Isabel's eyes had dilated. "Oh-h, Peter!" she had cried, "does that mean we can build! Can I live in Kenwood?" "Yeah," Peter had said, inelegantly. "Some day. But not now. You can't start a home in Kenwood until the promoters are assured it's going to cost at least 35,000 dol,!" "But. Peter, you could use your pre sent home," Isabel had persisted, "to pay the down payment. And with loans we could build! Peter, you're getting such a big practice now. . . "Getting is right!" Peter had said, firmly. And then: "If Kent Hill brought 10,000 dol. I'd drop dead with shock. "But it's insured for twenty, Peter; you're just being mean and selfish. You're not thinking of me at all." Her voice was thin and furious. "Dad put that 20,000 dol. on Kent Hill on a ten-year policy. I couldn't get half that much now." And so they had quarrelled in whis pers and had only stopped when' Peter had said furiously: "I'd do anything for you, Isobel. You know that. But I can't do this. I can't saddle myself with an impossible two-hundrea-a-month mortgage! And furthermore, I'll never sell Kent Hill. I like it. I was born there, my father was born there, and seven generations of Kents before him. I want to marry there and have sons \- there. Sons to leave Kent Hill to under oath that they'll never sell, either, though they may live, somewhere else!'® "You're a sentimental fool!" Isabel said with scorn. All ' during dinner,. watching Gloria's engagement ring ; flashing over the candlelit table, Isabel wrung her hands together.. Two things galled her soul: Peter owned a Kenwood lot and refused to build on it; and if this afternoon with Rodney had come to anything save an embarrassing situation, Peter and his stubborn refusal wouldn't have mattered. She thought feverishly: "Gloria will have everything! And I'll be buried up here in the North Section, rotting away in that horrid old house, growing old and ugly-a poor doctor's wife. It wouldn't be living-it would be merely going through life on a narrow little track, wanting things with the pace of a fast express, and yet-arriving nowhere! I won't do it! I won't do it! The' hospital called Peter at II o'clock. Could Dr. Kent come at once? Peter got up wearily, said his good-byes, and Isa bel throwing an old ulster about her shoulders, followed him to his roadster. She had a. few more things to say about Kenwood and the lot. A second later Gloria heard Peter's roadster rambling down the street. She thought simply, "God bless him." And then'she looked at Rodney with shining eyes and forgot Peter. Tommy was sug gesting poker and, getting Rodney's second, went upstairs for chips. Gloria set up two bridge tables end to end, took a pack of cards and spread them into a fan for the dealer's draw. Tliey waited for Isabel. When fifteen minutes passed and she did not come back, Tommy said: "She must have fallen in a manhole or some thing." Rodney said: "That's funny. 1 , heard Peter's car leave. Don't suppose anything happened to her, do you?' Gloria said: "No, of course not." But there was no conviction in her voice. Gloria went out on the porch, nerves jumping at her throat like tense fingers. And then she saw Isabel running up the street, her dark hair sweeping hack from her pale 'forehead, the ridiculous white pyjamas flapping about her legs. She was out of breath when she came upon the porch and she said, in answer to the question in Gloria's eyes: "Thought I d buy us some ice cream, but the store was closed." . A quarter hour later they were still playing poker, the red, white and blue chips piling up in Tommy's corner. He said gayly: "If I have as much luck in the ring as I do at cards I'll' be light heavy champ , before the years out. Suddenly he jerked upright, his eyes wide. He threw do.wn his cards and. his chair toppled over behind him. . , , "Look out that window!" he cried. (To Be Continued) 