Immigrants and Their Land Prospects To Tins Emit)» op "Tub T.twn» 8 .Sir.—I liave read with interest of Sir liarle Pair's visit to V.ui opean countries ind his imitation to Dutch and Danish migrants to coutc to Australia; anil f tm very inquisitive as to what he told tlicm concerning the prospects here. Did lie tell [hem that there was land for every. • une a» I was told f Or did he tell them tliat they would probably have to be 'farm lahorers for the rest of their lives, with no chrrice of get ting a farm un'css they had capital cuougli to buy one Î In nearly every town in Kurland there arc men who came to Australia and who went home because they could do better at home than they could here; yet we wonder why wc can't Ret an unlimited supply 0| Knglisb militants; ami now wc want Dutch and Danish. Is it to he the same old ttorjl It seems to me there is something radically wrotiç at this end. Our country people are trying to get into the already overcrowded cities bccatisc they have no op|)ortnnities in the country. llave Sir Karle 1'age and the Federal Government made *ny specific plans to ahsotb these migrants? Perhaps they nre t» he started share-farming at Canberra; but wherever they arc to he sent it is a re sponsibility that someone will have to tmouldcr sooner or later. Í was talking recently to a Scotchman who ha* been share-farming here for seven years, and he told me that, as he couldn't lid a place of his own, he was going to jell iii.s plant and return to Scotland, We want a bigger population to develop this country, I admit, but bringing migrant! here and turning them loose will never: mf. us anywhere. 1Í we arc going _ to . briiif migrants here it is our responsibility to 5« they get work oí a permanent and te» numerativc character; but we cannot do that for our own population, and while thçre are thousands of people who have been litre all their lives and have no chance of getting land or decent employment, something ii radically wrong. , . When you take up a daily paper and read in one column bow an Australian liai com , mittcd suicide because of inability to get employment, and in the nest column ttai of migrants coming to Australia, all I cia say is that it is tragic. Graziers who want a bigger populatta will have to realise that if they want ! bigger population in country districts tty will have to help the country to absorb migrants. Some of them say that fin«« won't permit, but if they c:vi afford u lose thousands of sheep in drought tima surely they can afford to put ou a ¡¡ait. farmer or employ help to put a remtd fodder by for those dry times whirJ ikj will always have. If the banks don't i^ron then the sooner our banking system u 1* organised to meet the situation the brtltt, In any case wc want a bigger populati* The Federal Government says wc are goty to get it, and I want to know what we M going to do about it 7 Yours etc.. , "1RISIÏ AUSSIE.' 