EMPIRE SETTLEMENT The publication last week of the report of. the British Government's Overseas Settlement Board has drawn attention once more to lthe difficulties associated, with the peopling- of the Empire. Most people have been: made aware of those difficulties by the manner in which the flow of migration from Britain to Australia and other parts of the Empire has decreased during the last few years, but the fact that it has been suggested .for the first time in a report made by Britons to a British Government that the Empire should absorb foreigners in a systematic way is an indication that those difficulties are greater than had been supposed. The report is described as one of the frankest documents ever issued in connection with migration. It expresses alarm at . the . decline of the, - Empire's white population and suggests that Britain' may not be able .to supply sufficient settlers. It, therefore, recommends to the Dominions "in addition, to admit a carefully-regulated flow of foreigners of assimilable types, preferably from countries whose inhabitants are of the same stock ;as ourselves." It is notable that the report declares that it is only from the viewpoint of strengthening the Empire as a whole, that encouragement to migration i from the United Kingdom is justifiable and it goes on to say that the position of the Dominions, as relatively thinly- populated areas, facing a highly competitive world, demands that the natural increase in population should be supplemented by means of immigration. The Board urges that this should occur immediately while Britain is still able to supply migrants This type of migration, however, will apparently, be insufficient to fill the needs of the Empire in peopling its vacant spaces arid accelerating the work of development, and the Board has faced the fact, which bas been gradually forcing itself upon our attention by experience, that the aid peoples of other countries will have to be enlisted to assist us m the work. Whilst it would have been more pleasing to contemplate a system of SaUnonfined to newcomers of British stock, the inflow of a,reasonab stream of migrants from foreign countries "of assimilable types and from countries whose inhabitants "are of the same stock as ourselves should .not orily cause no misgiving but should be welcomed. . Australia has had. experience of migrants of that class m the past and they have proved themselves desirable settlers, whilst fheir descendants have become worthy Australians, assimilable to a degree Ihatwould satisty even the hyper-critical. In any case, the alternative to migrants of this type SSXSrt. be empty spaces with ithe ultimate danger of an mcursmn from tvoes that would be much less welcome or desirable. . The Overseas i Settlement Board has been occupied for two years and five months oh its work, which was "to consider and advise the Dominions Secretary with regard to specific proposals for migration schemes yttnri the Emptre <=othat fts conclusions are neither hasty nor ill-considered. Indeed , it may Wassumed that it .has. given exhaustive consideration to the subject anr1 has exDlofed it from every possible angle. Almost simultaneously with the publiMtion of tiiK have been sent to Australia in regard to the testis of Ernie Page to Den 1 S&Sttom; Carilierrav published in anticipation oMhe Qyersjs . the/Commonwealth. It an special inducements to bility of the Commonwealth a .ou"| .- laid down to govern the nationals of particular countries, .as Was" felt that if the admission of aliens must apy '«««. Xertised to Northern .. advantages offered to migrants y numbers Conversations already . i:£gmSenaapUpS2 (Entries, »"< » Holland. Norway anr!..,. Sweden.' ... . ' 'Parle Page 'had. had convert- \- Subsequently, it was announc d and that Dutch Ministers ' sations with the Dutch Government on .ned migTation. It was stated Were cordial regarding f creation of voluntary societies in Australia that the next step would be the pegtion o _ the former to care for Sf'tvffiBoth in SUth Aca had only one failure m three years. . that'-' 'the Danish Government is also in , / Sir Earle Page . has been made in the . right accord with the scheme sp gat Gf : Austfalia. to! secure direction and whilst it , . . 7 , proSpect of reinfcing'vthis somewhat migrants ers'Who should prove in everfc respect as desirably, , r diminished 'stream by , . . - ffihciv more - desirable tnan those . . tical and systematic mannei\ - - 