LOCAL AND GENERAL ! Perth Tomato Prices.— Producers' Markets telegraph that tomatoes were in keen demand at the metropolitan markets, yesterday. Special lines sold' up to 18/6 per case, and prime sorts to 14/- per case. Carter's Sale. — At Carter's s'pecial sale hundreds of remnants are being made available daily, and these, being prominently displayed, : will ' make a strong appeal to thrifty buyers on the look-out for bargains. — Advt. Hospital Acknowledgments. — The matron of the Victoria District Hos pital .desires to. acknowledge wHo thanks the following ' gifts to the in stitution: — Mr. Hatherly, green peas; Mrs. Soultanis, tomatoes; Mrs. Giles, flowers. Presbyterian Church. — The charge of St. John's Presbyterian Church will be undertaken during the next month by Mr. P. W. Berry, general secretary of the Presbyterian Church in Western Australia, and chairman of the Pres byterian Men's League. Weather Prospects.— The forecast issued by the Weather Bureau this morning reads as follows: — Scattered showers in the lower south-west, other wise fine, with variable winds, chiefly westerly, in southern districts, arid south-easterly winds in the northern' sub-tropics; fine in tropics, with mod erate east to south-east winds. Programme for Matineev— A ^odd comedy combining many dramatic situations, is 'Mad Holiday,' screen ing at the matinee on Saturday. Elissa Landi, Edmund Lowe, Zasii Pitts and Ted Healy are iri the leading roles. Australian * Review, 'Patch iny Britches' (coloured cartoon), 'Rah, Rah, Football' (headliuert, Mtckey Mduse Cartoon and 'Secret Agent X-9' complete the programme. For Ladies Only.— In London for the season . . . over to Paris for the spring festivals, touring New York style premieres, skilled designers have captured and re-created every turn of the coming season's vogues. Tonday these brilliant fashion scoops are inter1 preted for you in our style range for spring and slimmer 1838-39. They Include Swiss Sheers, Canadian Sheers, Georgettes, Ingletta, Ingle-Charm and Riboka. One length only of each de sign and all confined to us, these beau ful silks are now on display at ,G. S. WiUoek's.— Advt. Accuracy of Tyre Gauges.— Tyre gauges are a very necessary item of every motorist's kit, as they are the only means of checking inflation pres sure, which is one of the main factors governing tyre mileage. The first essential in a tyre gauge is accuracy. It is a' delicate instrument, and quickly and easily becomes inaccurate if given rough treatment. To ensure its accur acy, says Goodyear engineers, the motorist should have his tyre gauge checked against a master gauge at regular intervals. If it becomes slight ly inaccurate, it need not necessarily be discarded; if the motorist knows exactly how much it is wrong, correct inflation can sflll be accurately secured simply by allowing for the variance of the gauge. As a good reliable gauge is inexpensive, the motorist will see the wisdom of having his own, checking it regularly for accuracy, and using it regularly to test and correct his in-^ flation as a means of ensuring greatest mileage from his tyres. Crossbred Ewes Competition. — Al- though quite good nominations have been received for the crossbred ewe competition which is being conducted by the Australian Society of Breeders of British Sheep (W.A. Branch), it is felt that the comparatively short notice regarding the closing date has prevented entries from many who would like to compete. It lias, there fore, been decided that entries will be accepted up to Monday next, August Sth. The competition is for one hund red crossbred ewes, all of the same cross and entries will be judged on the1 property of the competitor by Mr. Shier, of the Department of Agricul ture. The four (4) classes provided are for :— Border Leicester-Merino cross ewes, English Leicester-Merino cross ewes, Romney Marsh-Merino cross ewes and Liricoln-Merino cross ewes and prize money totalling £12 is offered in each class; — first. £8 '; second, £4. The entry fee is 5/-.' Full details and entry forms can be obtained on application to the secretary; Australian Society of Breeders of British Sheep (W.A. Branch), 18 William Street, Perth. Aii Expensive Loan.— When Richard Dorham, of Wonthella, loaned a ;22 calibre rifle to a ' companion named Michael Anthony Fitzgerald, he little realised that his action would involve him in a fine of £10 and costs (3/-). Although Dorham possessed a license for the rifle, his companion did not, and, under the conditions governing the Firearms and Gun Act, the former was proceeded against in the Geraldton Police Court yesterday morning on a charge of having 'delivered the rifle to Fitzgerald when he was not entitled to be in possession of such firearm.' Police-sergeant White, who prosecuted, also proceeded against Fitzgerald on a charge of having been in the possession of the vine without being the holder of the requisite license. Both defend ants pleaded guilty. It was disclosed by Sergeant White that it was in con sequence of Police-constable Clarey nearly being accidentally shot that the action against the two men had been taken. On July 28th, about 11 a.m., Constable Clarey was on mounted duty at Bluff Point, and was riding, along a sand track near Anderson's Dairy, when he heard the sound of a rifle being fired. Almost simultaneously a bullet whistled through a tree within about ten feet of him. Upon making investigations the constable came upon the defendant '{ Fitzgerald)' in a nearby tomato garden. When questioned by the constable Fitzgerald admitted he had just fired at some pigeons and also that he did not possess a gun' license. The rifle was then confiscated and later it was ascertained from the second defendant (Dorham) that he had loan ed the gun to Fitzgerald. Questioned by the resident magistrate (Mr. K. J. Dougall) Fitzgerald said he had been under the impression that if a gun was licensed anybody could use it. Dorhani said he had previously been in the north' where, in certain parts, firearm licenses were not required and guns could be readily borrowed. He was not aware that he was committing an offence. The fine of £10 was the minimum that could lie imposed upon Dorham under the section of the Act under which he was charged, whilst. Fitzgerald was fined £1 and costs (3/-). Next Week's Slarkets.— There will be 660 cattle offered at Copley's Siding on Monday, The entries for Wednes day's sales .comprise 15,095 sheep (including 4,600 lamtis), 200 cattle, and 1,045 pigs. South Bound Air Mail Delayed.— The air mail which is due from over seas aiid the north-west at 1.15 p-in. on Saturday, will, it is announced, not arrive until 1.15 p.m. on Sunday. The air mail for Perth will close at the post-office at 8 a.m. on Sunday. Seamen to be Deported.— Frede Simon Lynge Jacobsen and Albert Reichart Petersen, the two Danish sea men who had twice been remanded on charges of being prohibited immigrants, iufitfe a further appearance in the Gera'ldfati Ptflfce' COttrt yesterday morn ing. The defendants, it will ibe re called, deserted the vessel TtecBfifa at Fremantle and, \vhen finally appre Jiended at Geraldton, were handed over to the sub-collector of Customs (3Ir. H. Leggett). Yesterday M-. Leg gett informed the resident magistrate (Mr. K. J. Dougall) that the Minister | for the Department of the Interior had-j decided to deport both men, and that the deportation certificate was now on the way to Geraldton. In the mean time it was within the jurisdictiofl of the magistrate, under the Immigration Act, to sentence the defendants to im prisonment pending the arrival of the certificate and their deportation. 3Ir. Dougall thereupon sentenced the men to three months' imprisonment each, Mr. Leggett intimatidg'that^ft was probable the defendants ^wbuld 1-e deported in about a fortnight's time. 