MIGRATION: ALIEN GREATER THAN BRITISH Statistics released by the Common wealth Statistician, Dr. Roland Wilson, a few days ago, revealed that there has been a marked increase in the number of Southern European mi grants coming to Australia. During the last twelve months there has been a gain of 7284 aliens for permanent settlement in this country. The contrast with British migration j to Australia is pronounced. For some years past there has been a drift of British people from Australia to the United Kingdom. Last year this loss totalled 652; in 1936-37 it was 1136. Since the beginning of the present de cade it has aggregated about 30,000. That is a serious loss to the Common wealth — a diminution of British stock which it can ill afford to lose. In for mer decades the annual gain to Aus tralia's population by Britisli migra tion was between 28,000 and 30,000. Have those days gone forever? It has been said that the principal reason for this loss to Australia is the improved economic position in the United Kingdom. It is hardly likely that British people will leave the Old Country for Australia unless there is I a reasonable hope of improving their i position overseas. It is true, of course, that economic conditions have im proved considerably in the Homeland since the disastrous days of the rccenl economic depression. This improvement, however, does not apply to 'all' British industries. For instance, world unemployment statistics, recently issued by the Inter national Labour Office at Geneva, and published in this journal last week, in dicated that, in the second quarter this year, the United Kingdom's unem ployed totalled 1,778,805. Unemploy ment is not unique to Britain; it is world wide, though, on . the whole, there has been a very material im provement in the position during the last two or three years. None the less it is a tremendous social problem to contend with. Reference to Britain's unemploy ment docs not suggest that migration would be a solution. The position of the Dominions themselves must be con sidered. Frankly, migration is not merely a question of the transporta tion of large numbers of people from the populous countries of the Old World to the sparsely populated Dom inions of the British Empire. It is close ly related to the economic condition of the Dominions themselves. Migra tion must be carefully planned. It would be absurd, however, to take up the attitude that there is no room in Australia for a controlled flow of migration. If there is no inclination by British people lo migrate to the Commonwealth, it is reasonable that the Commonwealth should open its doors to the foreigner; but it is en titled to say what type of foreigner shall make his home in this country. To open wide the doors to an unre stricted flow of foreign migrants, ir respective of type or their financial position, would be to create unneces sary difficulties in Australia ilself, social and industrial. Are the immigration laws bring evaded in respect of lauding money? The charge has been made in respon sible circles that landing money is being 'dummied' to ensure the ad mission of foreign migrants. That is a serious charge. The onus of policing the immigration laws is a direct re sponsibility of the Federal authorities. If the charge is not well founded it should be disproved. At all events, Mr. V. C. Thompson, Assistant Minister for the Interior, has stated that a serious view wili be taken of any case in which it is proved that the £200 landing money required from non guaranteed aliens has been merely borrowed to effect entry. This money is necessary. In the j words of the Minister it is ' to ensure lhat the migrant will not be in finan cial difficulties on his arrival. It is not intended to be a means of introducing i new capital lo Australia, but princi pally to ensure that new arrivals do not have to seek public assistance.' i It is hardly necessary to add that j Australia is not under obligation to admit thousands of foreign migrants j who might become a charge on .the I nation, or who might, if the flow were I uncontrolled, undermine the high econ omic standards which Australia is en deavouring lo build up. There is, however, a welcome in this country, or there ought to be, for the foreigner who is not afraid of work, who is guaranteed financially by his friends already settled here, or has sufficient funds of his own to make him inde pendent of governmental assistance. Australia has no enmity towards those Southern Europeans who look upon the Commonwealth as ihe land of opportunity and reveal an honest effort to 'make the grade' — that is. who are prepared to adapt themselves to Australian conditions and customs, and whose children become good Aus tralians. It is natural, however, without in tending any disrespect to rhe Southern ' European, that Australia should make ' a special effort to attract people of [Nordic birth. The Dane and the Ger tman, as Mr. Kjeldsen, a well-known dairy expert, said in effect, in a let ter to this journal a few days ago, have long ago proved their capacity for nation-building with people of British stock. The Commonwealth owes much to its pioneers of British and Nordic origin alike. They were buil ders. with a special aptitude for put ting the soil lo its most productive use. The earlier German and Danish migrant helped to build many towns and settlements in parts of Queens land, Victoria, and South Australia. Mr. Kjeldsen, speaking from a Com monwealth-wide knowledge of Aus tralian conditions, said he was confi dent that the country between Gympie and Bundaberg contains areas most suitable for mixed farming, ex clusive of sugar cane, as carried out by Danish farmers. Unquestionably, the more productive use of much of this land would be a great asset to Gympie, Maryborough, and Bun daberg. The success of a semi-group settlement suggested by Mr. Kjeldsen would depend, however, on the class of crops grown and, obviously, on market demand, both internal and ex port. 