The Future of Migration By W. D. Forsyth, B. A. More Foreigners, Fewer Rr tttsh Change Follows Decline In Birth Rate By W. D. Forsyth In this article on The Future of Migration. Mr W. D. Forsyth. B.A. (Melb.) explains why Australia is now attracting foreigners, instead of Britishers as in the pnst. The flow of migration, he says, depends upon a balance of several forces, chiefly those of economics and population. Meanwhile we. have a very few years in which moderate numbers of Britishers will possibly be available. Mr Forsyth recently returned to Australia after two years' investi gation abroad into the question of migration. LAST year Australia lost over 600 British people by permanent mi gration compared with a gain of nearly 6000 other Europeans. Migra tion is reviving, but it is not British migration. Tliis preponderance of foreign over British emigration strikes us in Australia as a startling new fact But although It is only recently that it has been forced upon our notice, the beginnings of this change go back many years. Migration is much more than a more mat ter of transportation. It is bound up with the economic and social life of nations. An American, Harry Jerome, some years ago wrote o clever book revealing the control exerted by the alternation of boom and de pression upon the changes in the volume of immigration into the United States. He showed clearly that the chief factor controlling the numbers of immigrants into a country was the degree of prosperity that country was experiencing. He showed that business conditions in the country of immigration de termined from season to season the number of new citizens it could absorb. But what he did not show was why they came from some countries rather tlinn others. Business conaiuons in mc new country accounted tor tlie inward flow, but did not explain why the flow arose in particular sources. We in Australia know that in our times of prosperity wo have absorbed migrants, but we are rather vague as to why this present poriod of expansion should attract foreigners now instead of Britishers as in the past. THIS problem of the sources of migrants has recently been tackled by a Danish student called Ravnholt. He finds the answer not solely in economics. His explanation involves also population (demographic) factors and social factors. The chief social factors are language, education and communications, but the demographic or population trends ore much more important. Unless a population is capable of supplying emigrants nil the other factors might be favorable without any emigration taking place. For instance, other things might favor emi gration from France today, but the decline of population growth in France long since reached a point at which she needed to reln- forco her strength by recetving immigrants Instead of losing people by emigration, and today she la classified as a country of immi gration and has worked out established meth ods of dealing with each years thousands of new settlers. Austria, in the past a country which sup plied emigrants, finds that the diminishing birth-rate of the past generation has so de pleted the younger ranks of her population that she has to envisage immigration into Austria in the future. It is a striking fact that soon after the turn of the century the great streams, of migrntion to overseas areas coased to flow from the countries of Northern and Western Europo, while those from the south and east of the Continent gained in strength. This change has become more than ever obvious at the present time, when the people who movi overseas are not so much the Germans, the Swiss, the British, the Dutch, the Scan dinavians, and most certoinly not the French, but the Italians, the Yugo-Slnvs (Serbs), the Greeks, the Spaniards, the Poles. When we seek an explanation of this broad fact— the south-eastward swing of the sources of European emigration, the change which has led the Americans to distinguish the New from the Old Migration— we find it partly in social factors (fuller information and better communications in the south-eastern countries of Europe), partly in economic factors (the nhsorption of the north-western peoples in their own home industries while the south eastern countries have remained largely agrl- . cultural and industrially undeveloped), but chiefly in the demographic contrast between North-western and South-eastern Europe. ? FOR the decline of the birth-rate began earlier in the north-west. France led the way; Britain, Ger many, Denmark, Sweden, Holland, Switzerland, Czechoslovakia fol lowed. The birthrates of the countries of Southern and East- ern Europe have also declined, but the decline began later and in most of these coun tries hns not reached n low point, Bulgaria, for example, has one of the highest fertility rates in the world today. A map of Europe dividing the countries of recent active emigration from those in which emigration has declined since 1900 corre sponds closely with a map dividing countries of high blrtn-rate from thoso of low birth rate. Millions more babies have been bom In the south-eastern countries than in ihe north-western countries of Europe during the last generation, and now these babies nave grown to manhood and womanhood and are seeking their opportimltics in life. The comparatively undeveloped state of their countries severely limits the types of work and the number of jobs; the more people who stay at home the smaller the share for each in the national income, and thus they lower the standard of living all round. They look hungrily abroad, save money, emi grate, save more money, bring their brothers and sistcft out. It will be very many years, If ever, before the birth-rates of those countries fall to such a level that the supply of boys and girls growing up to the age of employment dwindles to a volume at which they can be absorbed at home. Markets Becoming An Anxiety ONE solution for South-Eastern Europe is industrial develop ment at home. And these ; countries would be glad to take this line, but they have enormous diffi culties in finding capital and markets. Meanwhile the pressure of population keeps the thoughts of their people and their rulers fixed on emigration. For a long time to come the chief sources of migration, so far as Europe is concerned, will be found in these countries of the south and cast, and nations which are concerned to increase their population by immigration (as, for example, the Argentine) arc finding it necessary to investigate the varying classes and qualities of people available in those countries. It is clear that a flow of migration depends upon a balance of several forces, chiefly those of economics and population, and just now we are beginning to wonder If tlio balance between Britain and Australia has not moved a long way since the war, and even since tljo pre-depresslon years during which we re ceived many thousands of British settlers. Down to the post-war years the balance was favorable: Britain hnd a high rate of natural Increase and Australia a high rate of economic expansion. We financed immi gration during the 30 years before the depres sion, in the expectation of an expanding mar ket for our raw materials and foodstuffs. Our new settlers were to help to produce greater quantities of these things to exchango against British manufactures. The time has come, however, when wo are no longer confident of expanding markets— indeed, markets hnv<» hAmma «» AnwtA>.. a _ j instead of importing so many of our manu factures, we arc making more of them our selves. ? IT is true that the expansion of our industries holds out some hope of absorbing additional labor, but in the modern world the rise and fall of unemployment within each country is tending to take the place of the movement of labor supplies from country to country. Thus the economic side of tiro bal ance is not quite the same as before. As for the demographic side. England is beginning to bo very concerned indeed about the future of her population. Even if Aus tralia experienced a long period of prosper ous expansion and could take many thou sands of new citizens from Europe, it is doubtful if Britain could for very long con tinue to supply us with large numbers of migrants. For .the younger half of the Eng lish population (the half from which the bulk of emigrants from any country is supplied) hns been so seriously depleted by the decline of births In the last 50 years, that It now seems certain that in a very few years Eng land will herself need almost the whole of her younger citizens in her own national and economic life. j Where are our new settlers to come from then? Meanwhile, we have a very few years in which moderate numbers of Britishers will possibly be available. (TOMORROW: Can Britain Spare Migrants?) 