LOCAL AND GENERAL Programme for Malinee.— 'Waikiki Wedding,'' screening at the matinee on Saturday, is a gay comedy, garnished with splendid music, both instru mental and vocal. There are also some beautiful island scenes. Bins Crosby has the leading role, with Shir ?ey uoss neauing the supporting cast of two hundred and fifty dancers. Australian Review. '-Babes at Sea' colored cartoon, 'Little Hiawatha' cartoon, Air Mail News and 'Secret Agent X-9'' complete the programme. Radio Statistics.— The number of wireless sets licensed in the metro politan area at June 30th last, accord ing to figures recently supplied by the Deputy Director of Posts and Tele graplis (Mr. S. It. Roberts), was 44.703. The population of the metro politan population at that date was 214,200, giving a percentage of licenses to population of 20.S6 j-er cent. On the department's basis of four i-ersons to a dwelling, it was estimated that !J0 per cent, of metropolitan dwellings con tained a wireless set. In the country ! districts the number of licenses was i 20,743 among a population of 241,763, giving a ratio of 11.06 per cent, and a wireless set to every forty-five dwellings. Seamen Arrested at Geraldton. — Frede Simon Lynge Jacobsen and Albert Reichart Petersen. two young Danish seamen, who are srated to have disappeared from the vessel s.p. Tecoma while the latter was at Fremantle some weeks ago, were arrested at -5er- aldton on Sunday morning and, in the Police Court yesterday morning were charged, under ihe Immigration Act, j with being prohibited immigrants. The ! two men first came under the notice of j the police when they left the Midland j train at Oeraldton early on Sunday j morning, and they were later arrested ; at a hotel. Botli defendants entered pleas «»f guilty and* on the application of rhe sub-collector of Customs in Ger aldton (Mr. H. IjOggett), were remand- j ed for eight days by the resident mag- j istrate (Mr. K. J. Dougall). In apply- i ins for the remand Mr. Leggetf said he i had been instructed to do so by the Collector of Customs. It was the i intention of the Department to com- I umnicate with the Minister for the | Interior, who would instruct them as I to what should be done with the two j men. It is understood that if Jacobsen and Petersen are guaranteed employ ment they may be permitted to remain in Australia, being considered desirable i.vpes of immigrants, but otherwise they will be deported by the first available boat. M. T. Padbury Wheat Competition. — Our agricultural correspondent 'Ber- ligun' writes : — The results of the i 1937-38 contest for the M. T. i Padbury wheat growing competition are now available. The competition is based on the yield of wheat i»er inch of rainfall during the grow ing period, and Mr. Padbury's trophy will eventually become the outright possession of the grower obtaining the best result for five years out of the ten year period ending 1939-40. The contest, just over was won by Mr. R. M. Jones, of Shackleton. Although he only had a yield of 21 bushels 42 lbs. per acre from 2-11 acres, this was grown with but G6o points of rain dur ing the growing period, representing, therefore! a return of 3 bushels 10 lbs. per inch of rainfall. Last year's win ner. Mr. F. C. West, of Toompup, had a good yield of 32 bushels per acre Troin 21S acres, but was 0 lbs. behind Mr. Jonfs in his yield per inch of rain fall, while the Hon. T. Moore, M.L.C.. «;f Indarra. who won in 193n-30 was .'- lbs. behind Mr. West's yield per inch of rainfall with 3 bushels 2 lbs., his ! crop of 24(5 acres averaging 27 bushel* ^8 lbs. per acre with 9-l4 points of rain during the growing period. The com lietition has .- proved a particularly valuable one. for after all i*rs:iid'and done it is the amount of rain which ; falls during the growing period that decides the result of tho harvest, ami j in basing his competition on tins, Mr. Padbury has helped a good deal in the j selection of suitable wheats for dis- i tricts of varying rainfalls. Geraldton Cyde Club.— Members of j the (Jeraldton Cycle -Club competed in j the last race --f the lirst monthly trophy competition on Sunday morn- ! ing last, and by gaining first place N. I Humes annexed the trophy. Contested j over a distance of twelve miles, the } race only attracted four starters the j plachigs being as follows: — X. Humes, j 1: J. Ramshaw, 2: N. Dupleix. 3. j ? j Footballers' Ixmjt Journey. — On Sat urday last a team of footballers from Carnarvon sir rived- at Norihampton with the object of playing a match against a local team, and in theafter noon n large gathering of spectators witnessed ai; interesting game. North ampton lielded a particularly strong combination and won fairly comfort- | ably, but there were many excellent i flashes of football during the progress i of the fixture. In the evening the | victors were1 the guests of the home ! team at dinner at the Commercial Hotel ami later in the evening they were entart lined at a dance in the King's Hall. The 'return journey to Carnarvon was scheduled to commence early on Sunday afternoon, but on account of heavy rains the departure of ths» visitors did not take place until late yesterday morning. Men Injured in Explosion. — As a result of a mishap, which occurred at rhe superphosphate works at Bluff Point on Saturday morning two em- i ployees we're removed to tho Roselln Hospital, where they are still receiving treatment for injuries which they received. The two men are Arthur Pickles, a fitter, find an assistant nam- j ed I-enjamin Cormack. It would appear that Pickles and Cormac-k were engaged in dismantling a piston from a pump, when a minor explosion occur red and they were both sprayed with a grey mixture, said to contain about fifty per cent, of sulphide acid. CV»r mflck \pis burnt 'about the. face. 'eves. neck, anus and hands, and Pickles received some of the mixture in the J eyes. Fortunately, however, neither of | the men i« expected to suffer any per manent disability to the eyes, and Pickles will probably be discharged ' from hospital about Thursday. Cor maek. it is expected, will have to i remain in hospital for about a fort- I night. 