w Marclx 24, 1938, the United States noverument addressed a note to , Sne European and 21 American „ „ornments, also to the South African, ?Han and New Zealand Governor* containing an urgent appeal for a meS'rative effort to facilitate the emi- Slon of political refugees from Austria ^ Germany. The note proposes the »tion of a special committee to carry the plan, with the financial aid of f"L t e organisations within the respects? countries. No country W6uld be cinected or a eked to receive a greater nnmber of immigrants than is permitted hv its existing 'egislation, and the United states Government also emphasises that it in no sense intends to discourage or interfere with such work as is already being done on the refugee problem by any existing international agency. President tyelt states that the American prodoes not concern only refugees from permany and Austria, but also from other fcountries and in particular from Spain, Italy and the Soviet Union. Up to th^ present, the proposal of the United States Government has been accepted by il countries. - . 0 * * * * '•' /;.• —HE British Laboriwirty will n&fymn; J ' any Popular-Front alliance. It will * fight for a clear and independent Labor majority at the next general elections. This declaration was contained in a statement issued by. the National Executive Committee to all sections of the Labor party recently. According to the committee, the Popular Front would weaken the party by association with other political bodies not sharing the party's policy or its determination to achieve its democratic socialist jobectives. With the exercise of disciplined loyalty, thorough organisation and widespread propaganda, the capture of power could be achieved. The committee urged all sections of the Labor party to defend the party's traditional independence and to call to the ranks of the party all men and women who desired to assist in the achievement of socialism and the protection of socialism and the protection o! democracy. The Independent Labor party, at its annual conference at Manchester in April, also rejected a proposal for the formation of a Popular Front of all working class parties. * * • * UMORS regarding the incompetence, R muddle and rank corruption in the British aircraft industry grow and multiply. One of the stories going the rounds is that when the King recently paid a visit to one of the "shadow" factories, spare parts had to be hurriedly purchased from elsewhere in Order' to put the machines in working order. Over £24,000 was provided by the Government for the motor kings who were given the supervision of the job. On top of this staff costs were paid for by the Government, together with £50 per ensue supplied. On top of this again the contractors got 17| per cent, of the dif- 1 fence between the original cost estimated and the actual cost when the faeries were put in actual working order. «ls rumored also that the motor kings "reusing for their own commercial use ®acninery put in at the expense of the government. Small wonder in view of all facts that it is estimated that the wvernment is paying £25,000 for bomb- Planes which cost actually £6000 10 Produce. I N spite of the terror exercised by the "Overnuiynt, arrests, and the fact that werTf - PP tiotf candidates t),. J ddpn y o f t h to e 0 engage o s i in propaganda, institutional torb{ Bloc, rallying the dethe r . obtained 63 seats at eieht f o v o §arian e p election. Of these (W* / B u i Socialists, six to the I7to5? 6 1 t - 0 t h e Agrarians and lOtoJlu 8ts 3 2 Ps t o of t h the e Bloc. Another •"embers g elected r o u have expressed their intention of opposing the Government: So the Opposition will be able to rely on 73 members out of 160, and it should not be impossible, in view of the instability and heterogeneity of the Government group, for a Parliamentary majority to be formed around the Constitutional Bloc. The general opinion is that the results of the elections demonstrate the strength of the Opposition and that if the international situation were a little more favorable to a democratic change within the country this would be realised immediately after Parliament meets. Ministers view the, election i-esults with serious misgivings, and already demands are being made that members of Parliament elected with the support of Communists and having opinions "dangerous to the State" should be struck off the Parliamentary list. The Ministers seem determined to control Parliament by hook or by crook. * » * » T is reported that on April 1 the British Government increased the im* Imigration quota to Palestine. In thb jpast the migration of Jews to Palestine" has been restricted to 8000 persons per annum, and is carefully controlled. Now in addition to this 8000 a maximum of 2000 persons of independent means possessing £1000 capital, a maximum of 1000 laborers, 200 dependents, and an unstated number of students will be admitted each year. This action has been ' taken in vjew of the plight of the Jews in Central Europe as a whole. It is stated that the Austrian situation was only a contributing factor in the Government's decision. T HE devastated areas of China are proving a valuable source of scrap iron for the manufacture of Japanese armaments. The wrecked machin-, ery, boqibed houses, and debris from buildings have yielded thousands of tons of scrap iron, which is being shipped back to Japan. The principal source of supply has been in the Hankow-Yantzepoo areas of Shanghai. Approximately 900 of Shanghai's best-equipped factories have been completely destroyed, and 1000 others damaged. This has represented a loss to China of more than £10,000,000. In the ruins of this industrial area Japanese troops are forcing Chinese coolies to collect the old iron and load it into the troopships returning to Japan. Chinese, denied access to these areas, have received reports fronj foreign insurance adjusters of this,, Mpliiiidering,** and it is thought that the Japanese are not eager for the fact to be made known. This is borne out by an incident in which a Danish photographer lost his special Japanese pass on the grounds that "the bearer's inclination to give publicity to the matter cast doubt on his being the sort of person who should enjoy such a favor." * * * * N April 5 the Official Gazette O Rome published a decree transferring the seat of the Italian Aegean in fleet from Leros to Rhodes, more than 100 miles farther from the heart of the Aegean Sea. Another announcement at the same time stated that Greece and Turkey had recognised, the Italian Ethiopian ^Empire by deciding to accredit diplomatic representatives to Victor Emmanuel as King and Emperor. The' Turks had been alarmed about Italian ambitions in Turkish Anatolia, and would naturally be pleased to see the Italian naval base further from Turkey. Mussolini is equally anxious to have the Ethiopian conquest recognised. He seems to have used the same technique which he has employed with Great Britain. By exerting pressure, and giving a display of force at inconvenient moments, he has been able to force the recognition of Ethiopia as a quid pro quo for ceasing to employ that force. As soon as he wants more concessions the process can t be repeated. 