No Restrictions On Italians Coming Here Rights Under Old Treaty Revelation Made In Refugee Inquiries This State Bound Italians have full liberty to enter Australia with their families, and travel or reside in any part of the continent, under an Anglo-Italian treaty of 1883, states a cable message from London to 'The Mail.' All States except South Australia acceded to the treaty obligations, and it is assumed that they still apply. The Premier (Mr. Butler), commenting on the London message today, said that South Australia's non-acceptance of the 1883 treaty could not now stop Italians from entering this State. South Australia had since entered Federation, and migration was a Commonwealth matter. LONDON, Saturday. T ITTLE known Italian rights of entry ?^ into Australia have been revealed by the Evian refugee conference in quiries. The fate of five million European re fugees will be discussed at the inter national conference to be held at Evian, France, on Wednesday. Refugees from Austria and Germany present the most pressing problem. Italy and Switzerland have refused in vitations to attend, but 30 nations, in cluding Australia, have accepted. Ger many was not invited, but it is under stood that she may send a delegation. Australia's liaison officer at the Foreign Office (Mr. A. T. Stirling) rvill accompany the Commonwealth Minister at Customs (Mr. White) to Evian. Cabled reports from Canberra that Australia's Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons) has stated that the Commonwealth can not differentiate between foreign migrants and does not propose to assist or specially encourage, any of them, is considered to refer partly to Italian rights under the Anglo-Italian treaty of 1883. The exact extent to which the Commonwealth is bound has never been determined In law, but there is said to be some legal obscurity. The treaty has never been denounced, and it is uncertain under what condi tions the Commonwealth could de nounce it. I Italy appears to attach great import ance to the 1883 treaty. She holds that it gives — or could give if she cared to enforce her rights fully — Italians special privileges over other foreign immigrants. However, Italy and Australia re putedly have a private 'gentle- men's agreement' by which Italy limits the number of passports given to Italians to go to Australia. Apparently the Commonwealth Gov ernment does not want to discriminate against Italians, or in favor of Nordics, for weighty reasons of Imperial poli tics. Italy is able to send 6,000 Italians yearly to Australia without much op position, and presumably she is satis fied. One of the main proposals for the Evian conference is that Germany should permit refugees to take out additional capital to enable them to qualify for migration to the dominions and other countries. It is also hoped that the United States will relax her immigration quota re strictions, enabling her to accept more refugees. [This revelation of the Italian rights of entry is particularly interesting in view of the suggestions of Sir Earle Page, who is now in London, that Danish and Dutch migrants would make excellent settlers and should be encouraged to come to Australia.] Premier Is Concerned /CONCERN at the number of immi ^ grants to South Australia from Southern European countries was ex pressed by the Premier (Mr. Butler) when told of this cable. He pointed out that control of migra tion was in the haads of the Common wealth, and that South Australia's non acceptance of the 1883 treaty obliga tions with Italy could not affect the position since the treaty had been signed before federation. In this last Statistical Register com piled by the Government Statist (Mr. Bowden) it is revealed that in 1937, 233 Italian nationals migrated to South Australia, while 68 Italian nationals re sident here left 'the country. Migration from Italy was consider ably higher than that from any othpr foreign country. From France, 198 nationals immigrated, and 104 emi grated Thirteeen Germans made their home here, and nine left. From the United Kingdom, 825 people came to South Australia, and 1,081 left Net Italian migration to this State was 77 in 1933, 102 in 1934. 201 in 1935 and 76 in 1936. From British countries overseas there have been more people leaving South Australia than entering it in the same period, aver immigration in the same period. Second largest total of migrants from foreign countries to South Australia was from France. In 1933. the net immigration was 70; in 1934. 44: in 1935, 20; in 1936, 81; and in 1937, 94. The Statistical Register indicates that immigration of Southern Europeans has been greater than those of Nordic stock. Commenting- on the influx of Southern Europeans, Mr. Butler said that South Australia was not getting migrants of the kind it de sired. The type of migrant coming to South Australia was very difficult to absorb into the population, he added. According to the Italian Consul (Mr. Amerio), there are now about 17,000 Italian nationals domiciled in South Australia. How S.A. Italians Live T .IVING quietly but in Italian com munity spirit, thousands of Italians are wresting their living from the soil in South Australia. One typical ex ample of Italian community life can be found within 10 miles of Adelaide, in the Campbelltown district, on the pleasant slopes of fertile land at the foot of the Mount Lofty Ranges north east of the city. Here, between 200 and 300 Italians have made a little Italy, working under Italian labor con ditions and living in true Italian style. To them the Australian is but the man who governs the land. They do not come in contact with him except to draw weekly wages or to ply their wares. Their homes are grouped to gether; their ways have not been changed from the ways of Italy, except that they obey the laws of the land of their adoption. Their aim is not to become rich enough to return to Italy and retire, but to become prosperous Italians in Australia, able to help their friends overseas to come here and share in their improved conditions. At Campbelltown their work is confined mainfv to market garden ing for Australian employers. Their weekly wages average about 30/, but their frugal habits enable them to live comfortably arrnrding to tbeir standards, and to save. Tradespeople in the district do not benefit from their custom. Any com modities which they purchase are from their countrymen. Butcher, baker, qnd even candlestick maker are Italian. At tim*--: they kill their own stock, make their own wine, and prepare their own household utensils, always living well within their means and sav ing enough to set themselves up later in their own businesses. Accommodation problems are simply : solved by two or more families occupy ing one house, or by one large family renting cheaply a small house. One Australian employer recently bought an aid railway carriage for his Italian em ployes to live in. The vegetables among which they work do not provide their means of sustenance. The butcher of their own nationality brings most of the meat they require, and for variety they cook fennel, a type of bush which grows wild in South Australia, and is known to Australian children as blackmail's liquorice. One of their most popular foods is a type of soup made from a mixture of tomatoes and olive oil. The tomatoes are bought in the district when very ripe, and the olive oil is made by the Italians themselves from olives which grow locally. The tomatoes are cut in halves, and dried in the sun, and are then crushed and mixed with the olive oil. The two are then strained and given further sun treatment The resultant paste is stored and used as the basis of soup for the rest of the year. Occasionally a pig is killed and treated in Italian fashion, a section of the community sharing it. The flesh is boiled down, and only the fats which it gives off used for food. The actual meat is fed to the dogs after all the goodness has been extracted from it. The Italians seldom patronise a hotel. They brew their own wine, a deep, red claret. This is said to conform with the law that pro hibits the making of wine contain ing more than a certain percentage of alcohol. So thrifty have some of the Italians in the district been that they are now building their own homes, and are acquiring small gardens of their own, but they do not lose the Italian com munity spirit. 