%\jt Cairns flast FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1938. PEARLING POACHERS. I The delicate nature of the ques tions surrounding the . "menac of the Sampans" in Australia waters does not admit of hast and impetuous treatment. Th subject matter has been unde discussion for years. In pre-fedel ation days .the Federal Counci gave to the pearling industr. many hours of deep consideration Indeed, what is now happening was foreseen^ but the door, mor or less, was left open. Recent!} the subject of "Sampans an< Territorial Waters" was discus sed by Professor A. H. Charteris in the "Austral-Asiatic Bulletin,' published by the Australian In stitution of International Affairs To appreciate the complaint o Australian pearlers against th so-called "poaching" sampans said Professor Charteris, it wa necessary to distinguish betweei fishing for pearl and trochus an< fishing for beche de mer. Th« latter fruit of the- sea is fount only on reefs within the norma three-mile limit. The former ar* never found within territorial waters; but the pearlers can onlj keep to the . sea for 'shor; periods, and require constant!} to return to territorial waters foi shelter. '"While it is trae, there fore, that the Japanese sampan; are on the high seas and beyond reach of Australian law whih actually engaged in pearling they can only engage in pearling in the neighborhood of NortÈ Australia by resort to some'base much nearer the pearling grounds than their own home-ports^ There is reason to believe that many oi them use a base in the Dutch East Indies, and it is notorious that they . make . unauthorised entry into Australian territorial waters, and even into Australian territory in disregard of the re- quirements of the Immigration, the Health' and the Customs Acts, the latter of which prohibits, un- der a penalty of £100, a ship "to enter any place other than a port unless from, stress of wea- ther or other reasonable cause." (S.5»). Under S.4 "port" means "any proclaimed port." Except Darwin, there is. none between Cppkto'wnf and Broome. A spec- ial ^grievance . of the Australian pearler is that his Japanese com- petitor is pearling.with impunity in extensive areas extending well info the high seas off the coast ot Queensland, in which, -.by virtue of-the pre-Federation' Pearling Act;passed by the Federal/Coun- cil of 'Australasia .and continued in force by S.7 of the Constitution Act,, pearling without license is forbidden "to British ships'.and boats attached to British ships.*' The ^prescribed area extends on ther.west from" New" Guinea; some ninety miles off the land down to Cooktowttr'and on-'the east at-the same distance from the land well down into the Gulf of Carpentaria. It' is only within the last three years that the Japanese, by means of mötor-sampans with attend-j ant pearlers, 'have 'undertaken| for themselves the - whole opéra- tion for fishing for 'pearl. ; Pre- viously they * had' worked as divers for British pearlers or companies, who, > under the Pearl- ing Ordinance 1930 applicable to North Australia' and its territor- ial waters, were alone entitled to obtain the1 requisite. ' ' ship li- j cense, "although, aliens nüght obr tain licence either- as "diver" or "diver's tender";-at a cost in either case of 10/- -per man per annum. The .-British, pearler also required a permit to import Asiatic labor : nnder three years ' indenture -with the obligation of repatriating, the - Asiatic "em- ployee at the epd" of the term; These regulations sufficed to create a monopoly for British ships of pearling' within terri- torial waters in ' North Australia; and tiiey would still suffice .to obtain a conviction against a Japanese pearler if caught in thc act of pearling within those limits. But outside those limits the regulations cannot 'affect foreigners. The - anomaly creáted by Queensland sea-areas, closed to Australian and open to Jap- anese pearlersj closely resembles the situation prevailing- in the Moray Firth in Scotland, which gave rise in 1906 to 'the well known case of Mortenson v. Peters. At the instance of the local line fishermen, who com- plained of the depredation of trawlers, the - Scottish Fishery Board, by valid by-law, issued under the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act 1889. closed the entire vast area of 2.000 square miles to fishing "by beam or other trawl." To escape the pro- hibition-which applied to British ships, certain" of-the trawl-own- ers obtained registration under the Norwegian, flag and sent their ships into the Firth. In 1906 the Crown succeeded in enforcing the by-law against a foreigner by securing a conviction against Mortensen, the Danish master of a Norwegian trawler, for fishing in the prohibited manner at a point more than three miles from land in the Firth: Although the conviction was sustained on ap- peal, the Crown - had a short- lived success, for on the interven- tion of the Norwegian Minister in London, the Executive, for reasons of policy, ^decided not to enforce ' the statutory penalty ¡ That the "poaching" sampans will receive support from the Japanese Government in com- plications arising from unauthor- ised entry into Australian terri- torial waters is improbable, says Professor Charteris,, since Japan herself is a staunch upholder cf the three-mile limit. Any claim to waters beyond that limit would amount to annexation of the high seas, and could only be made'.ef- fective by international agree- ment. , . 