Australia And Foreign Immigrants Sir,-Seeing that wc ore compelled to accept foreign immigrants let us hope that tliey arc not going to be dumped into this country in thousands, whether they arc suitable or not. The class ol immigrant that is brought into this country now will in time to come mean n lot, not only to Australia, but to 'he l-mpirc. As au Australian and a loyal British subject 1 hope that every right think- ing man will keep a watchful eye on the interest of Australia, which cati only Lc lUseribed as u wonderful and beautiful country. 1 would not ven- ture tu write this letter, Jlr Editor, il wo had politicians that were interested in Australia and her people. I bavr told you before that we have reached a time when every man should think am! think bord. Australia lias been neglected too long in tile way of advancement. Now that a few of our politicians have awakened from a long and peaceful slumber to lind that the rest of thc world is advancing «nd becoming rest- less, Australia, they think, bas to be populated. That part of the ipiestion is sound cnoti"li. I alt what, is the use 01 populating it with thc wrong class ï I have paid marked attention to l uman nature and have followed care- fully the individuality and disposition of the mary different nationalities, both regarding their abilities as colon- ists and subjects. This ha« been done in the interest of a honk that. I »rn WTitlns whicli I hope will bc interesting and educational to man. 1 will mention that in the different nationalities, I have found the Danish j people a hardy and trustworthy race. very intelligent or.n thrifty, honour nlile. lind not nfrnid to work. Thc s"nic mn be Faid for (lie Norwegian. The Hutch ore prent colonists nnd I l ave found thom at nil times very hon- ourable nnd trustworthy. arA na for *bc Creek we could get fnr worse tlmn them. 1 mn not opposed to a few thousand ot any nnlinnality. As a matter ot fuct Australia requires men (list »re not afraid to work nnd men that can nnd will strike out to develop the coun- try, lt is also to he hoped in flic dear future to see ? little better brain ptwer handling public affaira in this cfuntry and a far more intelligent class in the civil service, because under th» Influence of *hè class we have had in th past it is almost impossible for anv muntry to pro-rresj and prosper. I wish lo nuke it clear that I am not writing from imagination, or «ny ¡li- fe lins for anv class.-M. O'DONO- GHUE, Stanwell 