SEAMEN IN GAOL DANISH CONSUL'S PROTEST. "Just the Migrants Needed." Surprise that two young Danish sea men who remained ashore when their ship sailed from Fremantle on Saturday last should have been kept in gaol and that the Commonwealth Government should have charged them with being prohibited immigrants when they were "just the type of migrant needed" was expressed in the Children's Court. Fre mantle, yesterday by the Consul for Denmark (Mr. P. Fraenkel). The two lads-one 17 years of age and the other two years younger-- were unable to speak English and had to have the charge ex plained to them by an Interpreter. Both fine-looking youths, of good physique, they had been employed on the Danish motor ship Westrall- and had left the vessel with the object of getting work in this State. Since their arrest on Monday they had been detained in the Fremantle Gaol. Mr. A. Schroeder, S.M., before whom they appeared yesterday, remarked that gaol was certainly no place for them. After the lads had heard the charge explained to them, Mr. Fraenkel ad dressed the Magistrate. "I wish," he said, "to make a strong protest against the Customs Department; for its taking this action and keeping them in gaol. I think they should be permitted to stay here. Australia should be thankful to get boys of this type. A promise has already been made by a justice of the peace in Perth to take the elder lad into his home and employment can also be found immediately for the other boy, with a Danish farmer." sergeant Nicholson, who prosecuted, explained that the boys would not be able to stay without permission from the Federal authorities. A Customs official who was present stated that efforts were being made to have the lads repatriated to their own country. A remand was sought by the department for eight days. In the meantime, both lads would have to be held in custody. Magistrate's Intervention. Mr. Schroeder: They should not be kept in gaoL It is certainly not the right place for them. The remand will be granted and I will see the Customs Department and endeavour to arrange for he boys to stay. with friends in the meantime. Mr. Praenkel said afterwards that the offer to take the elder lad had come from a Perth man who had returned to Aus tralia recently by the Westralia. The youth had been employed. as a steward, and the man had spoken of him in the' highest terms. Another -Danish seaman aged 23 years, was .n the Fremantle gaol and had been there for three weeks awaiting deportation.. Since .hs arrest, a vessel belonging to the same line as his own ship had passed through Fremantle and Mr. Fraenkel could not understand why he had not been placed aboard that vessel. 'This man, also," said Mr. Fraenkel, "is of excellent character, and it seems remarkable to me that the Gov. erminent should wish to send him out of the country." After the court proceedings yesterday, Mr. Schroeder, accompanied by the Dan ish Consul, called on. the Customs De partment and representations were made to Canberra by telegraph for the lads to be released from prison. This was subsequently arranged. Mr. J. P. Hen nelly, of Perth, agreed to take the elder lad, and a promise to care for the other boy was made by the Rev. J. W. Clift, of the Flying Angel Mission to Seamen. As soon as the reply was received from Canberra, Mr. Schroeder visited the prison. A special sitting of the Children's Court was then held and the lads were handed over to their respective guardians. 