THE BATTLE OF JUTLAND. , — I... . W^ CLASH OF MIGHTIEST FLEETS. Britain Asserts Mastery of the Seas. THE following address was delivered by Mr. A. C. Breguet, at a recent meeting of the Mackay Rotary Club: — My subject is tho Battle of Jut land—called by the Germans the Battle of Skager-Rak. They quite openly falsity history in favor of their own nation— and record it as 'A Ger man Victory.' It Is hardly possible to conceive anything more ridiculous! The battle was fought on May 31. 1916, when — after long inaction — tho German H.S. Fleet came out into the North Sea. Jutland was the clash of the mightiest 'fleets which the world has ever built.' Each fleet represented many years of constant training— and each cost countless millions. It was the decisive naval battle which gave the British fleet 'the mastery of the seas.' As a result, thousands of troops wero moved all over the globe, and later — tho American armies were transported safely across the Atlantic Ocean to France. The Battle of Jutland had three phases: (1) Tho B. and G. B. cruiser action, ending in the retreat of the British ships; (2) The main battle of the fleets, under Ad. Jelllcoe and Ad. Getting back to my subject, the Battle of Jutlnnd had three phases: (1) The B. and G, B. cruiser action, ending in the retreat of the British ships; (2) The main battle of the fleets, under Ad. Jelllcoe and Ad. Scheer; (3) The night action and flight of the German fleet. The Germans had placed submar ines to sink 'the British squadrons as they left their harbors. The G.H.S. fleet was then to engage and sink tho remaining British ? ships. Much tho same scheme as Mussolini arranged for his Italian fleet to wipe out the British fleet in tho Mediter ranean in 1935, at the time of the Abyssinian War. This would have isolated Australia, but the navy pre vented it. Now we find peaceful penetration undermining Australia by immigration, and propaganda, directed from the same source against our King, and against our Empire! On Tuesday night, May 30, at 10 o'clock, it was dark and cloudy, and Admiral Jellicoe 'proceeded to sea' from Scapa Flow with the British Grand Fleet. He ordered Admiral Beatty to leave Rosyth with his six B.C's. and 5th B. squadron. Also Ad miral Jerram, with a squadron to leave Invergordon. All were to meet at a rendezvous 80 miles off North of England at 2 p.m. next day. Three hours later the German High Sea Fleet 'put to sea' under Admiral Scheer, preceded by the German B.U's. under Admiral Von Hipper. They steamed due North 50 miles off the Danish Coast. By a freak of destiny both fleets steamed towards the same place! Neither Jelllcoe nor Scheer knew the other fleet was at seal ? In fact Jellicoe was informed by the ad miralty that the German Flagship Frederick-de- Grosse was at anchor in the Jade River! The Battleships from Scapa Flow and Invergordon joined forces, moving East, with Beatty B.C's. and 5th B. squadron 70 miles ahead. The morn Ing passed as a majestic pageant of sea power, with colossal fleets moving fast from horizon to horizon. At 2 p.m. the British and German scouts both went to 'investigate' a mer chant ship, the F. J. Fjord, and came in contact. The broadsides started rolling and the fight had begun, due to that chance ship! Had this hap pened later the German fleet would have been further from home, and would have probably received more damage. Admiral Beatty, chasing S. at full speed, sighted Von Hippers five B.C's., and tore on to 'smash' the weaker enemy and become the hero of a spectacular- victory. He failed to signal any orders to the 5th B.S., and left these four fast super dreadnoughts behind. (Jellicoe had given them to Beatty to assist the gunnery of his B.C's.). ? Had Beatty kept his ships together the deadly Grand Fleet gunnery of these super-dreadnoughts would have hammered the GJB.C's. to pieces with their 15in. guns, and the battle cruiser action would have been a very differ ent story. The British and German B.C's. tearing along in parallel lines, at express speed, were hurling broad sides at each other at- eight miles range. The light favored the Ger man gunners, and they were scoring hit after hit, and were seldom hit themselves! The gunnery of Beatty's B.C's. was as bad as Von Hippers was good. The British Navy had never in history been hammered like this! At 6 bells, 3 o'clock in the after noon, I was getting some fresh air on uie deck of H.M.S. Marlborough, flagship of the 1st B. squadron, when 'action stations' sounded on the bugles. Sounds of heavy gunfire were rumbling in the distance. A sailor on deck said we were going into action because a black pet Tom . cat had deliberately walked overboard and committed suicide at sea! Being superstitious, he overlooked the fact that probably that Tom cat had de cided that life was no longer worth living, owing to some sad, and un successful, love affair! To return to the B.C's. action, Ad miral Evan Thomas, with his power ful battleships, had acted himself, and caught up the rear G.B.C's. In five minutes his 15in. guns' broadsides, with superb gunnery, created havoc and destruction on the G.B.C's. Moltke and Von ' der Tann. Suddenly the great battle lines of the G.H.S. Fleet appeared in the heavy smoke ahead of Beatty. He. toned and fled North, to lure them back to Jellicoe. He passed his own 5th B. squadron under Evan Thomas still pursuing Von Hipper south. Evan Thomas was sur prised' to see Beatty passing north with only four B.O's. left--out of 6! (for the Indefatigable and Queen Mary had been sunk with 'all hands'). Very soon, Evan Thomas saw tho Ger man fleet ahead, and turned north, after Beatty, and fought a most deadly rearguard action, belching 15in. broadsides on the pursuing G.B.C's. and H.S. fleet. This was 'the bright spot' in the B.C. action. Jellicoe also sent Admiral Hood to assist Beatty, and Hood, after severely damaging several German L.C's. and D's., came suddenly under the gunfire of the G.H.S. Fleet, ending in the sinking of the B.B.O. Invincible and two A.C's. Jellicoe, driving South, on to an enemy speeding: North, sighted Beatty returning, and asked him twice in. 10 minutes, 'Where is the enemy battle fleet!' Beatty could not give this vital information! At Trafalgar Nelson sighted the enemy in daylight at 6 a.m., and at 21 m.p.h. went into action just before 12 o'clock! To-day the rival fleets were coming together,, in dull and foggy weather, at, 40 m.p-h., only minutes and seconds were left for decisions. At ^..-falgar 73 slow ships were 'en- gaged; to-day 250 fast ships wero speeding into action. What a differ ence! ' . At 6 p.m. between 'the first and last .??'??. ??? ? ' -'?:; :::'.';;-_. ?' , ??, '??,?..'?? i,-..v:-.'.-.-X!-..*^if ???'?.??.??'?:; '?.??-? dog watch, .1 was 'changing station,' to take charge of the S. main en gines in the centre engine room, , As I went over I decided . to risk a look on deck, because it might be my last look I I ducked along the mess decks and up through the W.T. door on to the foc'sle, where I stood a minute. It was a sight I will always remem ber — water spouts from shells all in front like white columns in the sea; Beatty's B.C's. funnels belching smoke; guns shooting vivid flames, tearing across in front of us from S. to port; Hip pers B.C's. in the distance to port, and .the -:sr i German H.S. Fleet to star board, partly enveloped in fog and smoke and coming towards us. Big shells ricocheted ovemead 'plump,' 'plomp,' 'plump.' I ducked back to duty, one would be shot in action for less than this 'stlckybeaklng'! Beatty though badly punished had shown fine courage, and ( this was B-atty's great and triumphant mom ent. Leading the Germans on and hiding by his smoke, the massed might of Britain's Grand Fleet coming down upon them. Sir John Jellicoe, on the bridge of the Iron Duke, was wearing an old Burberry coat, with a band buckled round his waist. Round his neck was a scarf, for the weather was damp and cold. He was the only man who could have lost the war, and the Em pire, in half an hour! At this critical moment the fate of the whole Em pire, and every person in it^you and I — hung in tho balance. Jelllcoe's long experience directed his brain, for though he had only vague information, and no time to spare, he decided in 20 sec onds, and signalled, 'Deploy on the left wing, course S.E. by E.' Under this masterly decision the great and majestic Grand Fleet spread out in battle line across the 'T' of the approaching German Fleet. The gloom was like a city factory area in late afternoon, with the light in the West. The deployment of the Grand Fleet into battle line, under fire, under 144 captains, proved to be the most remarkable evolution of ships the seas had ever seen! Each dreadnought in turn wheeled into line. Their snowy white battle flags, with the vivid Red Cross of St. George, whipped out from the tops of their masts, the cordite flames of broadsides flashed, and the din was awful! We, on the Marlborough, flagship of the 1st B.S., led the S. wing column, and opened fire at 6.15 as we heeled over into . line, under concentrated shell fire— in the spot called 'windy corner.' The hour had arrived. The range was 14,000yds. The air, sea, and sky pulsed with terrific concussions. The 27 G.B. ships and B.C's. still came thundering on, unchecked, at full speed, steaming N.E. Then with in-, creasing fury the British concentrated fire fell upon the battleships of Ger many with high explosives — violence, destruction, and sudden death. Dis abled British and German cruisers and destroyers were in 'No Man's Land' between — with the great shells from both fleets screaming overhead. The leading German battleship Koenlg burst into flames, swept by a storm of steel. Enveloped in gas and on fire, she listed over heavily. The battle grew into greater cres cendo every second. The navies of the whole world seemed to have sud denly risen up out of the sea to stop the H.S. Fleet's advance. In 15 minutes the German battle line was bent and in retreat, disappeai'ing in smoke, and mist, and clouds of flame from ships on fire. Admiral Scheer had never known— or seen exactly — what he faced. As rapidly as he had thundered into danger, he had .'retired in confusion. The Lutzow was struggling to keep afloat;. the Sedlitz, Von der Tann, and Derflinger were mere wrecks of what they had been— only a few minutes uej.urei As the German battleships dis appeared behind the smoke-screens of their destroyers, a torpedo attack was delivered; but Jellicoe, by skilful manoeuvring, avoided their torpedoes, and brought the Grand Fleet between the German Fleet and their home waters. At this time the disabled German cruiser Wiesbaden Bred a torpedo which struck the Marlborough at 7 p.m. and rent a huge hole in her below the water— the largest hole which any ship ever got without sinking, I have been told. The Marlborough's next broadsides ripped the German ship open right along the waterline. Her two funnels fell overboard, and only 25 terror-stricken men were left alive out of her crew of 500. When the concussion and shudder ing of our ship had passed away and she began to list over to starboard. Smith (who was in charge of the P engines) came over to me and shouted, 'We are right for leave now'! He' didn't say whether he meant leave in Blighty, or long leave from this life! As a little girl once said, 'He smiled a 'smole,' he winked a 'wunk,' but not one other soul in all this world could think the thought he 'thunk'.' Admiral Scheer, retreating West, had time to reason that he might have missed his chance (for he did not realise that the whole British Fleet was at sea!) So he turned East again, and attacked head-on at full speed with all his fleet. This was Ger many's final bid for victory — for supremacy at sea. But Commodore Goodenough, on the L.C. Southamp ton, spotted and reported the move E. Suddenly! The Germans appeared' in battle line again, and again they found the British Fleet across their 'T' at 10,000yds. range! At 7.15 the British gunnery rose to a howling scream of big projectiles. The German B.C's. leading at full speed were battered into sklnking hulks, and turned. The High Sea Fleet was tasting destruction, fast and furious. The . Grosser Kurfurst . was hit four times in 2 minutes by. 13.5in. shells, and the Kaiser's Imperial Navy battleships began to crumple up in utter confusion. They turned, and were packed In a crowded space, with British gunfire belting them all the time. Many German battleships nearly rammed each other at this time; it was a; tragedy of muddle. The light was behind them and they could not see ahead. Admiral Scheer was desperate now. He ordered the remnants of his B.C's. to attack for the third time and ram the enemy. Those four battered vessel protected their retreating mates with marvellous heroism, and limped away sinking, with few guns left, and full of dead, while Scheer, avoiding more punishment, disappeared in the smoke and darkness of the West — for ever! Three waves of destroyers .fired tor pedoes at the Grand Fleet to cover the retreat. These destroyers were' severely damaged by the guns of the fleet, several being sunk. The Marl borough dodged three torpedoes. It was a good job we did; One more 'tin fish' would have sent us to Davy Jones's locker. Scheer was cut off from Germany; he had been beaten back three times, and now knew the hitting power, of the enemy. He dared not risk further action, or in the morning he would certainly 'be annihilated.- He realised beyond doubt that 'there is no place like home'! Jellicoe knew he had the enemy cut off, and strung out his 143 ships, now double the German gun-power, in a line 16 miles long. The night which followed was the most strange the seas have known! In total darkness, with no lights, the two Blind Fleets steamed almost side by side, only 12 miles apart, unknown to either. The flagships of Scheer and Jellicoe were level at 8 p.m., moving South (where the Queen Mary sank) There is nothing more sinister, more full of fearful potentiality, than fleets at night darkened for 'action,' forg ing on with grim persistence into the night. The great guns are never still; they grope .with cold-blooded cer tainty on some part of the darkness — tremendous silent fingers' following the watchful 'night telescopes.' In engine-rooms below queer instruments seem to have a life of their own, and tick like death beetles in the night. In steel turrets men are speaking down tubes, repeating orders; eerie voices come up from the depths below. In the conning tower are the nerves of the ship, tense and alert, If you cannot endure supense, . keep away from a battleship in a 'night action.' The ship, so dark, so -dead, is terribly alive-^qulte ready, ..at '.any moment, in the dark, to blow the. enemy (or be blown itself) into Eternity. ? The rival fleets . steamed down the sides of a narrow V. The British, at 17 knots, slowly drew ahead of the Germans at 16 knots. Converging closer and closer, for four hours tho * last British battleship passed the ? ' point of the V. 15 minutes before the first German battleship crossed the same spot, at midnightt . .They missed meeting by minutes! Surely tho Fates were busy weaving the threads of destiny at that midnight hour. For some purpose we mortals cannot understand, the Germans were fated '{ to sneak home! Scouting light cruls- ' ers, and destroyers had several sudden sharp encounters with them in the dark before daylight broke and tho enemy got home. In the morning, on a rough sea, littered with dead fish, the wreckage of ships, and the bodies of men, the Grand. Fleet remained ready for in stant 'action' — the ? greatest Armada forged by man, ruler of the seas. But for the coming of darkness, Jutland would have been more spectacular than Trafalgar. As it, was, it ended the 'sea power' of the enemy. They came finally and surrendered rather ? than come out for a 'second dose.' The success was Jellicoe's; his i training of the Grand Fleet, and his strategy, inflicted such heavy punish ment under adverse conditions that the German High Sea Fleet never wanted to . fight any more. Had Jellicoe allowed himself to be led into minefields, the Grand Fleet might - have been crippled; then nothing could have saved the Allies (not even the coming in of America), and Ger many, would have won the Great War in an. overwhelming manner. With the passage of time it becomes more, and more, clear that this tre mendous sea battle was 'One of the .; great milestones of history.' ' Dr. ' G. M'Ewen, of Brisbane, has been appointed medical officer at Coll- ; arenebri (N.S.W.) Hospital in, sue- i cession to Dr. R. Kennedy, who has I gone to Gundagai. Dr. M'Ewen is a brother of the. Minister for the In- , terior. 