[?] FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD First Jew Executed Since Year 70 A NEW element haa been introduced into the disturbed -f- political arena of Palestine by the execution in Acre Gaol of Solomon Ben Joseph, 18-year-old Jewish youth, who was found guilty by a military court In Haifa of fir ing upon an Arab bus. For Solomon Ben Joseph was the first Jew to be executed in Palestine since the year 70 a.d., and his name has given the cose religious significance among many Jews. Ben Joseph, meaning "son of Joseph," not only coin cides with the patronymic of Jesus; but also with that of the Messiah, for whom" the Jews stlU look. . "Nineteen hundred years ago a Koman .official, Pontius Pilate, sentenced to death a Jew named Ben Joseph. Now history has repeated Itself," said one spokesman of tho Westernised Jewish population of Palestine. Orthodox Jews recall that Messianic tradition Srescribes two Messiahs. The first, to bear the name en Joseph, must suffer death at the hands of Armelus. personifying the forces of evil. Strenuous efforts to save Ben Joseph were made from all parts of the world, and Jews in Poland, where the condemned youth was born, petitioned the King and Queen for clemency. There were angry demonstrations in Palestine and Warsaw, but all in vain.— B.U.P. » . » ' Developing Industries In Abyssinia "TkEVELOPMENT of smaJl pioneer industries in Abys- slnia is well under way. according to reports reach ing Rome from Italian Africa. Powder mills, tanneries, refineries, flour mills, cement works and power stations are on tne list. For the most part this industrial de velopment Is being concentrated in and near Addis Abbaba, since besides being the most modern and con venient of Abyssinian cities, the capital Is the most ac cessible both from outside and from other parts of the country. The National Company for Electric f/nJcrtafemgj, hoie- y ever, has already set up branches in many centre. These .station id ill develop a tolal power of 3700 horsepower, and the cost of plant and power fine for the current year will he 27,000.000 fire (£286.475). Chief export of Abyssinia before the Italian occupa tion was raw hides. The Ethiopian Tanning Company is studying ways and means of turning them into leather before export. The company's experts have found several raw materials already in use in the primitive native tan ning industry, and are looking for more. They are work ing on two different lines, the utilisation of wild plants and the selection of suitable tanning plants for cultlva- . tion. Industrial detfeiopmeni m f4&yima.t; not expected to he rapid for the next few yean, a it depends on the development of such local activities as agriculture, eall/e-raismg, and -mining. These in turn totfi depend on.lhe the road-building program and the influx of Italian labor.— D.UJ3. "v. Bird in Hand Really Worth While A BIRD In the hand is worth two passes on the bus to a family that lives near Roanoke, Virginia (U.S.A.). , . This Is what a policeman told' the directors of , the local bus company: "I saw this passenger get off "the "bus coming in from the suburbs. He had a pigeon under his arm. : I didn't suspect larceny, exactly, nut I watched him. As soon as the 'bus was out of sight be takes out a bus pass from his pocket and fastens It on the pidgeon's leg," ...... "Then he throws the pigeon' In the air and It circles round a minute and then streaks right back home.' _ "I guess every other member of the family uses - that ticket ! " — B.U.P. . - Jackie Coogan Refuses Wife's Money "T WONT be supported by any woman. I'll make my A own money— or else! " Thus declared Jackie Coogan, the former boy film star, who Is to appear In vaudeville In New York to earn enough money to finance his coming legal battle against his mother and step-father, Mr. Arthur Bernstein. Coogan re- f rgfe-. fuses to let his wife, Betty Grable, ' — lend him the money. - ; YaKr - "ja The case. In which Jackie yfp Coogan. demands the return of the E8L_ £800,000 he earned as a child, comes before the courts In California In SWw.aB!rev.T3ii September. B Jr "tRw— 123 "I'm afraid the final amount will Be&JA;, be far less than £800.000," said young ' Coogan. "I'm afraid to estimate how vjfflheffls SSSfiB much It will be. It makes me sick ' to try. I would never have hi d o / go to court to get my money If Dad I \Va» had been alive. We were pals. r Arthur Bernstein, Jackie Coogan s Bcttv Grabie. former manager, married Mrs. Coogan shortly after the death of Coogan, senior, m 1935.-B.UP. ' Argentine Letting in , More Immigrants THE Argentine Government has begnn to hasten the application of the bi-latcral treaties whereby entry Into the country is facilitated" to selected groups of settlers. Such treaties have been signed with Denmark, Switzerland, and the Netherlands. The Netherlands-Argentine Treaty, however, is only in the provisional stage and arrangements for Im plementing it have still to be worked out. Under the Swiss and Danish treaties mixed com missions are being set up, each consisting of three Argentine representatives and three from the other countrv concerned. These commissions will decide on the suitability of the proposed immigrants and assist those who are approved with information regarding working conditions in the Argentine, the land on which they will be settled, and faculties for credit on security of crops as yet unreaped. , . Unemployment Is practically non-existent now In the Argentine, but the director of the Immigration Bureau, Don Ciprlano Taboada Mora, says that free and unre stricted entry might cause a serious unemployment prob lem if the demand for labor should fall off. Hence, says Senor Taboada, selection of immigrants is necessary.— B.U.P. 2000-Ton Tree Weighed Without Moving "TfORESTERS have decided that the large! tree in Sequoia National Park, California . ireigfii nearly 2000 tons— 1919 (om, II /lunJrediceig/if, 49 pound fo he exact. They "weighed" It as 'it stood, without moving so much as a twig, by working out the number of. cubic feet in the trunk, branches, bark,, roots, and foliage, and multiplying them by the weight of a cubic foot of each. Foliage, they found hy experiment , Weighs 15.15 pound per cubic fool , hark 23.8 pounds, roots 608, and just' plain wood 57.96. The volume of the foliage and the roots was found by measuring those of fallen trees and comparing them with the giant.— B.U.P. Building a Modern Treasure Island TORTY foreign countries are expected to take part in !- the Golden Gate International Exposition in San Francisco next year. The United States will be holding two International exhibitions In 1939, and New York claims that its World. Fair will be the biggest ever.' But San Francisco will got in first, opening on February 18. < Site of the exhibition Is an entirely artificial Island. It has been named Treasure Island, and Is in full view of the two new bridges spennlng San Francisco Bay— the 81-mile Bay Bridge and the Golden Gate Bridge, with its huge single span. Barges arc bringing black soil from nearby Bethel Island to treat the sandy top of Treasure Island. This operation will take seven months, alter which 3000' large- trees will be planted on the man-made Island. I Some of the exhibition buildings. Including the 400- foot Tower of the Sun. are already completed. The con- - struction of others Is well under way. — B.UP. A Little Restless During "Rest" Cure | "OIOTING in Parkhurst Gaol, Isle of Wight, has JlL how been revealed as due to a rest cure in hos- j pital ordered for three convicts 1 - ! These three men ran amok m the hospital, breaking up furniture and doing much damage, - And the reason was that, as a step toward humanising gaols, the Home Office recently 'intro duced "earning" schemes at prisons by which con victs could earn pocket money for tobacco and other luxuries. " „ / This led to complaints by convicts at Parkhurst that by being sent to hospital with minor ailments they lost their ,4worklng" money. Their grievance culminated with the riot by the three prisoners who . were supposed to be enjoying a "rest" cure. — B.U.P. if. f Orchids for Maid, Gum for Wife SUING for divorce at Bridgeport, Connecticut, Mrsl Alexandria Stewart Flanklnton Plaut, alleged that her husband, Edward C. Plaut, took their maid out to , night clubs and bought orchids for her. :. . . When he took his wife out, said Mrs. Plaut, all he gave her was chewing gum. , , Mrs. Plaut said that Mr, Plaut and the maid went ... to a night club together, and sat at the next table to that occupied by Mrs. Plaut and-her daughter. She also said that her husband had beaten her and thrown her out of an hotel room when she tried to speak to him. The court recommended a divorce on the groqnds of intolerable cruelty.— B.UP. : ' . £800,000,000 in Bad Debts, V 'A/TORE than 4,000,000,000 dollars (£800,600,000) in bad ' 1YJL debts was entered up In Uncle. Sam's account .books in June. Nearly half this represented the default of 12 European countries, including Great Britain, to the United States Government under the heading of war debts. The other half was owed to American holdtu-s of foreign bonds— national, provincial, and municipal— which are in default. These represent 39.7 per cent, of the total value of foreign bonds coming within, the pur view of the Foreign Bondholders' Protective Council, and many are Latin American issues floating In the United States . . Latin-American issues in default represent 85.1 per cent, of all Latin-American bonds floated in the .United States. ' Great Britain heads the list for magnitude of de faulted payments, with a total of 1,080,167,132 dollars (£216.031,426), while France comes second. These are the facts given in the fourth annual report of the Foreign Bondholders' Protective Council in New Yoik.— B.ILP. ? .v.'';/. Australian Farmer - Now "Miracle Man" A N Egyptian "miracle man," who declares that he -tA. failed as a farmer In Australia, has been giving some amazing demonstrations in London,. He is Rahman Bey, the man who can live under conditions a doctor would call "Impossible." In a demonstration at a London swimming pool. Rahman first threw himself into a trance, shaking like a pneumatic drill until he became unconscious. Then, In full view of the audience, he was locked Into a tank which was sealed down with 42 bolts. The now air-tight tank was slid into the water, and "weights were piled upon It until it- sank to the bottom of the pool. There Rahman stayed for two minutes short of an hour. When he emerged, safe and sound, a doctor who was looking on said "That man, according to all. the laws of medical science, is dead. There was not sufficient air In the tank to keep him alive for more than 19 minutes. He has no right to be alive now." . As for Rahman he exclaimed: . "My peculiar gift was discovered by a Yogi priest when I was a child.- I could have stayed in the tank for six hours. It is just a question of hypnotising myself to ration the available air supply so that it lasts out while I am in the tank. And the secret is diet— no meat, no alcohol." . Rahman Bey said that he made a small fortune by touring the world and having swords plunged into his back, pins passed through his fingers and being burled under sand and water. Then he retired to Australia to raise pigs, chickens and maize. His farm was not- a suc cess.— B.U J. Flaming Torches on Jackals' Tails - , \RAB terrorists in Palestine are note uiing agatmf the Jewish settlers a technique, formerly operated again! Ifie Philistines by that 'ancienl Palestinian guerri/fa /caiicr, .Samson. They attach flaming torches to the tails of jackals and drive them into Jewish-owned cornfields and threshing-floors. Fires of this kind occurred dally and cause heavy loss. The police so far have been unable to check this "arson by proxy." The police dogs, which have been very successful in (racking doun terror!!, pick up the trail 'of the jackals but are unable to get bghmd it to the spoor of the men who ue lAcm. . " " One Disease We'd Welcome Out Here! BECAUSE of a decrease in rabbits there will be fewer minks available during the coming fur sea son. ' . This is not a Jest. The scarcity of furs, forecast 111 reports from the fur country north of Edmonton, Is the result.of a decrease In rabbits, which are the main item of diet for many fur-bearing animals. The fur trade here forecasts a sharp increase in the. price of mink and other furs for next season, ye?£ t$e',ur harvest amounted to more than £600,000 worth of skins. This year's harvest will be con siderably less. To return to the rabbits— these animals, for some unknown reason, contract an Incurable disease even seven or 10 years. The disease kills Ihcm off by tbe thousands.— B.U.P. More Infringement of -> Punters' Rights lVViVEry bookmakers operating on racecourses withm the - New York area, and who do a gross buine of -more than £24,000,000 a year , have entered a plea, for exemption . from a lax tohich is estimated to yield £400.000 annually for ' the unemployed relief funded In a statement to the New York City Councils finance committee Comptroller McColdrUk describe this as an : "astonishing, plea," ' '/ Representatives of the bookmakers told him If they were .. iiot- granted exemption the bookmakers would, have lo go on unemployed relief themselves. _ ( ; "Think of it,- gentlemen," exclaimed the Comptroller, "a bookmaker on. relief 1" 'Fewer than . 100'men take all the pro)?! Secured, by this strong and select monopoly, added Mr. McColdrlck , white the unemployed do not receive a cent in tax . The efimated \- yield is from a tax of 2 per cent.— B.U J3. ! Film of Birth of Quadruplets THE most amazing film in the world— that of the actual birth of quadruplets at LivcrpooL-has been .shown in London to a gathering : of Britain s leadlng doctors, i Taken to save mothers and babies all over the worlo , IS Is now being screened for medical men at various hospi tal centres. It was made with the approval ofthe par ents of the quadruplets on the undcrstandlngthatRbe used solely in the interests of medical and nursing ! science... This film, which runs for 20 minutes, is described I by medical men who have seen it as tho most valu- i able contribution yet to the pictorial data of child- - I birth. „ , ' When the time for the birth of the "quads" arrived, the cameraman, whose plans had been made well in advance, mounted his camera near the bed, and at a signal from' the attending doctor he. began to take his P'CtThe mother, Mrs. Esther Taylor, aged 29, the wife of a £3-a-week carter, could not see the film being made. A leading doctor at a London hospital said: "This film Is the sort of thing a dootor would see once In a lifetime. It should prove of Inestimable value. -A film of any surgical matter greatly assists doctors In their work; This is'-a unique effort— B.U.P. : " Boy Stabbed Brother- Three Died / THREE Moslem brothers bf Delhi, died because th eldest of them stabbed, one of the others. Their mother was bathing one of the younger boyE when another son came in, bleeding profusely, and salt that his elder brother had stabbed him. The mother lef the boy in the tub and went to look for the culprit. . She. found him hidden on the roof. In the chasi that followed the boy tried to Jump on to a neighborly roof, fell, and was killed. The mother went bock to find that the stabbed bo; had died, and the third boy had drowned in the bath.- B.U.P. I Jog Louis. . world heavyweight champion, Is i always wide awake inside the ropes — but I = when you go fishing 7. Well, there's no danger = i of a fish poking you in the nose with a = I straight left or parting your whiskers with a | I right cross. I i. , i , .rrr— i — r— — ' 