? Even. if money did grow on trees, it would still be tin 1 smart birds that would get it ! Magistrate (in Irish court): "You say the accused threatened you?" Witness: "Indade, and he did, yer honor! He said: 'I'll whitewash the yard with your blood'!" Making Light of a Garlic Smell.' Electrical engineers in America have discovered how to change a bad swell into a light closely reseat), ling sunshine. The substance they use is telurium vapour, which, if inhaled, produces a "garlic breath"—ouly worse! After a year of experiments, they have evolved a tellurium lamp which, by the development of tremendous temperatures, gives off a continuous spectrum like sunlight, instead of a line spectrum ordinarily found in metallic vapour lamps. "Under perfected tellurium lamps," says Dr. J. W. Marsden, one of the engineers, "flowers will retain their natural beauty indoors, and clothing will not change in colour, as it now does in artificial light." English Guide: "We are now passing through a rural hamlet." Yankee Tourist: "Gosh,—I always thought a hamlet was a young pig!" Mother: "But, darling, you told me you would be as good as gold while I was away." Small Son: "Yeah, I know; but, y'see, I went off the gold standard." SixXHiinn with a Pram ! Hitching their baby's pram to the hack of tlieir bicycles, a Danish couple in Copenhagen rode away down the street,—and into a police trap. They were doing more than 12 miles an hour,—the maximum allowed for baby-carriages. They were fined 8/- for the "offence." Jeweller: "Did you find that new alarm clock satisfactory?" Customer: "Sure ! It wakes the parrot every morning, and the parrot whistles to the dog, and the dog barks till be wakes me up." Yellow: "How did you get on last night, old man?" Brown (after a night out): "Terrible! The wife was awake when I got in, and she promptly went oft into histories." Yellow: "You mean hysterics." Brown: "No; I mean histories,— she dug up all my past misbehft' viour." 5 Veteran Australian Fighter Starts Boxing School. The man who was a blacksmith's striker in the Australian back-blocks years ago, is now teaching fashionable Londoners how to strike blows in the boxing ring. George Cook, the veteran boxer, has turned a famous artist's studio in Belgravia into a physical culture school, a boxing ring has been erected where the Duchess of Kent and numerous Society leaders sat for their portraits. George is giving VesBons ill boxing aud physical culture to titled men living around Belgrave Square, and plans to introduce a slimming course for West End- ers who are worried about their figures. "I am also running a residential physical school in the building,' George said this week. "Busfness men who want to keep fit will be abte to take one of the dozen fiats I have here. I am out to teach people in the West End that life begins at forty." The electrician was a bit puzzletf "Hey," he yelled to an assistant. "Come over here and haug onto one of these wires." The assistant did as he was told. "Feel anything?" "No." "Good,—I wasn't sure which was which. Don't touch the other one, or it'll probably kill you!" 5 i 5 S Diner; (in restaurant): "Conductor, can the band play an thing by special request?" Conductor: "Certainly, madam. And what would you like them to play?" Diner: "Cards,—until I've finished my dinner." A lady bought a pair of silk stockings at a drapery store, but returned the next day and said to the assistant:— "These stockings you sold me have got a ladder in them." "Well, madam," retorted the assistant, "what do you expect for 1/6 —a marble staircase?" Give a door-to-door salesman an inch, aud he'll take a foot,—and stick it in the doorway. State's Population. The Deputy State Statistician (Mr. W. L. Wilson), in a recent report on vital statistics, estimates that the population of Western Australia as at December 31st last, was 457,111, comprising 241,297 males and 215,- 814 females. Out of the total, approximately 215,700 were resident in the Metropolitan area. Births during the four-month period, Jan- uary to April, numbered 1,272, compared with 3,197 for the corresponding period of 1937. 5 $ S $ Bill Robinson, at the opening of the Cotton Club, explained why he hadn't flown from Hollywood. One of liis friends said to him: "Go ahead and flly, Bill. When your numbers up, your numbers up!" "Yeah!" Bill had retorted, "but suppose the pilot's cumber is up, and there's Bill Robins on sitting just behind him!" Large Contributions. The Federal Treasurer (Mr. Casey), announced recently that he had received a subscription of £115,570 from the Sulphide Corpora- Hon, Melbourne, and another of j £100,000 from the Colonial Sugar Refining Co., towards the Commonwealth loan of £10,250,000. Other large subscriptions include one fori £50,000 and one for £25,000. ! t i i Customer: "I want a writing pad and sowe envelopes. How do they ran?" Newsagent: "They don't They're stationery!" run. J. T. Hanrahan, president of the Illinois Central Railway, some years ago was silting in his office when a burly fellow entered without troubling to knock on the door. "Me name's Casey," be bellowed. "I want a pass to St. Louis. I wurrk in the yards." Harahan objected. "That's no way to ask for a pass. You should introduce yourself politely. Come back in au hour and try again." At tbe end of an hour the caller returned. Doffing his hat, he inquired: "Are yez Mr. Harahan?" "I am." "Me name's Patrick Casey. I've bin wur-rkin' in the yards." "Glad to know you, Mr. Casey. What can I do for you?" "Yez can go to hell ! I've got a job on the Missouri-Pacific." § Motor Cycles in War. Further evidence of recognition ot the military value of motor-cycle corps comes from England. Two years ago, Great Britaiu only had 4000 trained motor cyclists in her military forces; to-day she has over 22,000. In Australia, apparently little has yet been done towards enlisting in mobile coips for military service the interests of the young men of the nation, thousands of whom have a practical knowledge of how to handle and keep in good condition and running order the modern motor-cycle. . : 'Liza: "Whaffo' you sharpeuin' that razor, Sambo?" Sambo: "Woman, they's a pair of genlemun's shoes under yo' bed. If they ain't no one IN them shoes, I'se gonna shave!" 5 § I I Bricks Laid to Music. Music is being harnessed by industry. Bricklayers are laying bricks to it, and builders find that they do more work that way. Experiments 8 b o w t h a t one-steps give the best re. B U , t s- years, tobacco factories F o r , ) a v e h a d r a ! d i o music and talks dur- '"6 working hours, for they help to m a k e t h e & cheerful at their work a" P i r l s £° health, d 8 0 k e e t h e m i u o d , n mass-production trades, monotony slows down the pace of the worker, and the British Medicai Re- Kerch Council, who have conducted experiments, found that music in creased tbe efficiency of 200 girls in a Kentish fruit-canning factory by a6 much as 30 per cent. Even ani- mals respond to music, and cows have been known to give more milk when the radio is switched on at milking time. § i ! S Answering an advertisement for a parlour-maid, the girl signed herself "Miss Mills." During the interview the prospective employer said to her: "If I should decide to engage you, you wouldn't expect to be called 'miss', would you?" "Why, no,—certainly not," replied the girl, "as long as you've got an alarm clock!" § S 5 S Curious Occupations. Anyone who has lived in a mining community is familiar with the knocker," that is, the man who goes round in the early hours of the morning, rapping at winows and awakening the miners in time for them to go on shift. How many, however, have ever heard of "he "beer-passer"? This friend of the human race plies his vocation in Newcastle, New South Wales. Sometimes he pays as much as two pounds for his place at the public-house bar, when the thirsty miners come off shift. From this vantage point, he doles out drinks to less fortunate miners who are unable to get close to the bar because of tbe crowd. This is done for consideration, of course, and the profits are said to be enormous. The First Crease in Trousers. A Karlsbad reach-me-down tailor claims to share with Edward VII the honour of inventing the crease in trousers (says a "Daily Telegraph" writer). When King Edward, as Prince ot Wales, was paying one of his many visits to Karlsbad, his trousers were badly torn In some way while he was walking in the town, a long way from his hotel. He was obliged to go Into the nearest ready-made clothes shop (that ot the tailor in question) and get a pair ot trousers in which to continue his walk. Those selected had been a long time at the bottom of a large stack, and in consequence had become creased down the fold in each leg. In this way they had lost the tubular appearance characteristic of the garments of that period. When the Prince readied the promenade near the Spa Hotel, the fashionable crowds noted with amazement the new style of trousers. They became the vogue overnight, and trousers have been creased ever: etace. ^ | "Struth! What happened, old man?" "Oh, the horse I was riding wanted to go one way, and I wanted to go tbe other." "Who won?" "He tossed lue for it!" A persistent speaker al u recent Dinner was "only slightly sober," and as he persisted in speaking, with no indication that he would ever stop, a voice from the other side of the room shouted: "Misther Chairman, why don't you yushe yer hammer, and hit him on the head?" The chairman, who was also only "siightiy sober," took the advice, but unfortunately missed the speaker and hit another man a resounding whack, the said unfortunate individual promptly falling underneath the table. There was a rather horrified silence, except tor the persistent speaker who hadn't seen the incident. Then a voice came from beneath the table: "Hit him again, Mr. Chairman. I can sthill hear him!" § § S 8 "Honk-lionk" by Radio! The noisy clamour of hooting and honking of motor horns will be silenced if a new invention is adopted by car manufacturers. A German, Wilhelm Runge, ot Berlin, has just patented in Washington, U.S.A., a directional "radio horn," whose warning will be silent to everybody but other near-by car drivers. With this horn, motorists can warn each other when passing, or when crossing intersections, ' by using silent radio waves. Pressure on a button sends out tbe signal. Herr Runge's device is really a miniature combined radio receivertransmitter, complete with 2 valves, a loudspeaker, and an aerial. When tbe button is not pressed to warn others, the device serves as a receiving set for warnings sent by other drivers. 8 { The Japanese agent of a Colonial life assurance office had been having an extraordinary amount of success iu obtaining proposals. Curious to kuow how he managed it, the sec e- tary of his branch made inquiries. He discovered that the usual method of procedure was:— "You insured?" "No." "You unmitigated fool ! Sign here!" Under the United States Iinmigrtion Act of 1921, au immigrants nationality is determined solely by the country of bis birth. For example. an Englishman who happens to 1 >p home while his parents are in Japan, automatically becomes a Japanese when he enters the United States as an immigrant. That iaw is still in force. 5 S I 5 We hope not! Maurice Tate in "Reynold's" may be prophetic:— "I'm just wondering though, what's going to be said if (and when McCormick starts to get tbe ball flying head-high. He certainly can bump 'em on occasion, and my one hope is that we will not be hearing yelps of 'bodyline.' That hoary old body-line ghost is still stalking the cricket corridors just waiting to give everyone the jitters again." The Aristocrat of Cricket, Many cricket enthusiasts are under the impression that the aristocracy of British cricket is to be found in the M.C.C. Not so; the aristocrat of British cricket is tbe groundsman, "It takes three generations to know anything about grass," is ti^e general belief in England. Hezfce the importance of the groundsman. 