SAMPANS IN THE NORTH Pearling Poachers Japanese Activities (From Our Special' Representative.) CANBERRA, January 8. DURING the past few months the Government has tightened up the regulations dealing with pearling in North Australian waters, where the operations of Japanese sampans have been showing increasing activity. De- spite the arrest of several Japanese vessels, which were found encroaching upon prohibited areas and taken to Darwin by the patrol vessel Larrakia, recent reports state that the Japanese have continued to operate in the vicin- ity of the Arnhem Land aboriginal re- serve. Further north, outside the three mile territorial limit, many Japanese vessels are engaged-over 1Ö0 of them, with " mother ships "-and they arc credited with having discovered a valu- able new pearling-ground. Within the last week or two complaints have reached the Federal Government that the Japanese are now encroaching on the waters of North-west Australia. Not only have Australian pearlers, with their fleet base in Darwin, found their living slipping away from them, but for other reasons as well the Gov- ernment takes a serious view of the presence of so many Japanese vessels in the North. In addition to extend- ed patrol operations, it is proposed to utilise the aboriginals in the establish- ment of a " bush telegraph " service, in order that the authorities may be kept informed of the movements of foreign vessels. To this end, thc co- operation of the mission stations is being sought, and the Defence Depart- ment has worked out a secret code for the use of the missionaries who are provided with wireless. Thus, any re- ports passed on by the aboriginals, whether by means of smoke signals or otherwise, will quickly be transmitted to the Administrator of the Northern Territory. VALUABLE INDUSTRY. i According to the last annual report I of thc Northern Territory Administra- tion, there are 27 licensed vessels, own- ed by seven pearling concerns engaged in the industry. The production of shell during thc season dealt with in the report amounted to 743 tons, the gross value being «bout £71,000. The overseas demand for Territory »bell was steady during the year. Apart i from eales to the United Kingdom, a large percentage of the output was sold in the United States. The season's output was mainly de- rived from a bed of mother-of-pearl «hell some fiO miles north-west of Bath- urst Island. This bed is also being worked by a Japanese pearling fleet numbering between 60 and 70 vessels. " These vessels, " say» thc report, " are each of about 30 tons gross, and are serviced regularly by a large mother ship. Thc opposition to local pearlers is formidable. The services of experi- enced Japanese divers for local vessels are hard to obtain in consequence of such opposition. Tho number of in- dentured members of pearling erews totnllcd 2.18 men. »bowing an increase of 37 Japanese labour increased hy 21 men, Malay labour by Sfl men, whilst Koepanp labour and that of other nationalities decreased by 40 men." Some lime ago-after the above re- port was written-some new pearl- shell beds were found between Darwin and Arnhem Land, and thc location was kept a secret, lt is believed that some of the Japanese vessels violating the regulations have come in to watch the movements of the Darwin fleet in or- der to discover thc whereabouts of the new grounds. «' THE ONLY EXCUSE. " Numerous questions relating to the "menace of the sampans" have lieen asked in the House of Representatives by Mr Blain, the member for thc Norther^ Territory, and Mr Riordan, the member for Kennedy, both of whom have urged the necessity for a more vigilant patrol. A new vessel is now under constit .ion for this purpose-a much faster one than the Larrakia and with the assistance of acrop'aties and the " bush telegraph " service the Government believes that the position will improve. Rome monlb* apo the (rouble was brought under the notice of the Con- sul- General for Japan, and he conveyed the representations to his Governmer.t. including the alleged interference with the aboriginal women of Arnhem Land by men from Japanese vessels. Tho Government has made it clear that thc necessity for sheltering from storms or replenishing water supplies furnishes the only legitimate excuse for the presence of a foreign vessel in northern territorial waters. Neverthe- less, -Tapnnese vessels persist in invad- ing these waters. VIEWS OF PROFESSOR CHARTERIS. The subject of " Sampans and Terri- torial Waters" was discussed hy Pro- fessor A. H. Charteris, of Sydney, in the Inst issue of the "Austral-Asiatic Bulletin," which ie published in Mel- bourne hr the Australian Institute of International Affairs. To appreciate the complaint of Aus- tralian pearlers against the so-called "poaching" sampans, he 6aid, it wai necessary to distinguish between fish- ing for pearl and trochus and Ashing for beche de mer. The latter fruit of thc sen is found onlv on reefs within tîic normal three-mile limit, Tho for mer are never found within territorial waters; but the pearlers can only kee) tn the sea for short periods, and re quire constantly to return to terri torial waters for shelter. While it if true, therefore, that the .Japanese sam pans are on the high seas and beyond reach of Australian law while actually encaged in pearling, they can only en- gage in pearling in the neighbourhood of North Australia by resort to «orne base much nearer the pearling-gronnd* than their own home-ports. There IF reason to believe that many of them use a base in the Dutch Kast Indies, and it ie notorious that they make un- authorised entry into Australian terri- torial waters, and even into Australian territory in disregard of the require- ments of the Immigration, the Health and the Customs Acts, the latter ot which prohibit», nuder a penalty of E100. a ship "to enter any place other than a pint unless from stress of weather or other reasonable cause." (s. 5:1). 1'iidcr s.4 "port" means "any proclaimed part.*' Exccpr tarwin, there is none botevcen Cooktown ano* Hroome. \ special grievance of the Australian I pearler is that his Japanese competi- tor is pearline willi impunity tn eaten-, i sive arcas extending well into the high, ecaa off the coast of Queensland, in which, by virtue of the pro-Federation Pearling Act passed by the Federal Council of Australasia and continued in force by ».7 of the Constitution Act, pearling without license is forbidden " to British «hips and boat» attached to British ships." The prescribed area extends on the we*t from New Guinea some !)0 miles off the land down to Cooktown, and on the east at the same distance from the land well down in'o the (Uulf of Carpentaria. lt is only within the last three years that the Japanese, by mean« of motor-] sampans with attendant pearlers, have undertaken for themselves the whole operation for fishing for pearl. Prev- iously they had worked as divers for Uritish pearler« or companies, who, under the Pearling Ordinance, 1030, applicable to North Australia and its territorial waters, were alone entitled to obtain the requisite "ship licence," although aliens might obtain licence either as "diver" or "diver's tender " at a cost in either case of 10s. per man per annum. The British pearler also required a permit to import Asiatic labour under three years" indenture with the obligation of repatriating the Asiatic employee at thc end of the term. These regulations «minced to create a monopoly for British ships of pearling within territorial waters in North Australia; and they would still suffice to obtain a conviction against a Japanese pearler if caught In the act nf pearlir ; within those limits. But outside those limits the regulations .annot affect foreigners. The anomaly created bv Queensland sea-areas, closed to Australian and open to Japanese pearlers, closely re- sembles the situation prevailing in the Moray Firth in Scotland, which gave rise in 1008 to (he well-known case of Alortenscn v. Peters. At the instance of thc local lille of fishermen, who com- plained of the depredations of trawlers, the Scottish Fishery Hoard, by valid by-law issued under the Herring Fish- ery (Scotland) Act, 1889, closed the entire vast area of 2000 square miles to fishing "hy heam or otter trawl." To escape the prohibition which ap- plied to British ships, certain of the trawl-owners obtained registration un- der the Norwegian flair «nd sent their ships into the Firth. In 1000 th« Crown succeeded in enforcing thc by- law against a foreigner by securing a conviction against Mortensen. the Dan- ish master of a Norwegian trawler, for fishing in the prohibited manner at a point more than three miles from land in the Firth. Although the conviction nas fUstained on appeal, the Crown bad a short-liver success, for on the Norwegian Minister in London, the Executive for reason* of policy decided not to enforce the statutory penalty. That the "poaching" sampans will receive support from the Japanese tiovernment i" complications arising from unauthorised entry into Austra- lian territorial waters is improbable, says Professor Charteris, since Japan herself is H staunch upholder of the three-mile limit. Any claim to waters beyond that limit would amount to an- nexation of the high seas, and could only be made effective by international igriwmmt. 