WHY MOST MIGRANTS ARE FROM SOUTH Britain's Population May Cause Anxiety The mainsprings of migration are now in Southern Europe, while the northern nations, like Britain and France, are be coming less able lo afford depletions in population. This aspect oi Australia's migration problem is discussed in the following article, the second in a series written by Mr. W. D. Forsyth, B.A. (Melbourne), who has studied the question for two years at Oxford. \- By W. D. Forsyth Last year Australia lost over 600 Bri tish people by permanent migration, compared with a gain of nearly 6,000 other Europeans. Migration is reviv ing, but it is not British migration. This preponderance of foreign over British emigration strikes us in Australia as a startling new fact. But although it is only recently that it has been forced up on our notice, the beginnings of this change go back many years. Migration is much more than a mere matter of transportation. It is bound up with the economic and social life of nations. An American, Harry Jerome, some years ago wrote a clever book re vealing the control exerted by the altera tion of boom and depression upon the changes in the volume of imnagration into the United States. He showed clearly that the chief factor controlling the numbers of immigrants into a coun try was the degree of prosperity that country was experiencing. He showed that business conditions in the country of immigration determined from season a season the number of new citizens it could absorb. But what he did not show was why they came from som* countries ratiier than others. Busi ness conditions in the new country ac counted for the inward flow, but did not explain why the flow arose in par ticular sources. We in Australia know that in our times of prosperity we have absorbed migrants but we are rather vague as to why this present period of expansion 5?9Uld attract foreigners now instead of Britishers as in the past. This problem of the sources of migrants has recently been tackled bv a Danish student called Ravnholt He finds the answer not solely in econo nucs-, ^.His explanation involves also population (demographic) factors and social factors. The chief social factors are language, education and communi cations, but the demographic or popula tion trends are much more important. Social Factors Unless a population is capable of sup P'P??,, ^erants all the other factors might be favorable without anv emigra tion taking place. For instance, other nuigs might favor emigration from ^ce today, but the decline of popu lation growth in Prance long since reached a point at which she needed to reinforce her strength by receiving im migrants instead of losing peope by emi gration, and today she is classified as a country of immigration and has worked out established methods of dealine with each year's thousands of new settlers. Austria, in the past a country which supplied emigrants, finds that the diminishing birtii-rate of the past generation has' so depleted the younger ranks of her population that shefias » envisage immigration into Austria in the future. It is a striking taut that soon after Jve turn of the century, the great streams of migration to overseas areas ceased to flow from the countries of Northern and Western Europe while Jiose from the south and east of the Continent gained in strength. This change has become more than ever ob vious at the present time, when the pcujjie wno move overseas are not so much the Germans, the Swiss, the British, the Dutch, the Scandinavians ana most certainly not the French, but the Italians, Uie Yugo-Slavs (Serbs) the Greeks, the Sanpiards the Poles ' When we seek an explanation of this broad fact— the south-eastward swine of the sources of European emigration the change which has led the Ameri cans to distinguish the New from the Old Migration— we find it partly in social factors (fuller information and better communications in the south eastern countries of Europe) partly in economic factors (the absorption of lie north- western peoples in their own home industries while the south eastern countries have remained largely agricultural and industrially undeveloped), but chiefly in the demo graphic contrast between north western and south-eastern Europe. For the decline of the birth-rate Began earlier in the north-west Prance led the way; Britain, Germany Den mark. Sweden, Holland, Switzerland Czechoslovakia followed. The birth rates of the countries of Southern and Eastern Europe have also declined but the decline began later and in most of these countries has not readied a low point. Bulgaria, for example, lias one of the highest fertility rates in the world today. A map of Europe dividing the coun tries fall to such a level that the supply those in which emigration has declined since 1900 corresponds closely with a map dividing countries of high birth rate from those oi low birthrate. Mil lions more babies have been born in the south-eastern countries than in the north-western countries of Europe during the last generation, and now these babies have grown to manhood and womanhood and are seeking their opportunities in life. The comparatively undeveloped state of their countries severely limits the types of work and the number of jobs; the more people who stay at home the onaller the share for each in the na tional income, and thus they lower the standard of living all round. They look Hungrily abroad, save money, enngratej save more money, brine their brothers and sisteis out. It will be very many years, if ever, before the birth-rates of those coun tries fall to such a level thatthe supply of boys and girls growing up to the age of employment dwindles to a vol ume at which they can be absorbed at home. One solution for South-Eastern Europe is industrial development at home. And these countries would be glad to take this line, but they have enormous difficulties in finding capi tal and markets. Meanwhile the pres sure of population, keeps the thoughts of their people and their rulers fixed on emigration. For a long time to come the chief sources of migration, so far as Europe is concerned, will be found in these countries of the south and east, and nations which are concerned to in crease their population by immigration (as. for example, the Argentine) are finding it necessary to investigate the varying classes and qualities of people available in those countries. Balance With Britain It is clear mat a Cow of migration depends upon a balance of several forces, chiefly those of economics and population, and just now we are be ginning to wonder if the balance be tween Britain and Australia has not moved a long way since the war, and even since the pre-depression years, during which we received many thous ands of British settlers. Down to the post-war years the bal ance was favorable; Britain had a high rate of natural increase, and Australia a high rate of economic expansion. We financed immigration during the 30 years before the depression, in the ex pectation of an expanding market for our raw materials and foodstuffs. Our new settlers were to help to produce greater quantities of these things to exchange against British manufac tures. The time has come, however, when we are no longer confident of expand ing markets — indeed, markets have be come an anxiety. And instead of im porting so many of our manufactures we are making more of them our selves. It is true that the expansion of our industries holds out some hope of ab sorbing additional labor, but in the modern world the rise and fall of un employment within each country is tending to take the place of the move ment of labor supplies from countrr to country. Thus the economic side of the balance is not quite trie same as be fore. As for the demographic side, England is beginning to be very con cerned indeed about the future of her population. Even if Australia experi enced a long period of prosperous ex pansion and could take many thous ands of new citizens from Europe it is doubtful if Britain could for very long continue to supply us with large numbers of migrants. For the younger half of the English population (the half from which the bulk of emigrants from any country is supplied) has been so seriously depleted by the decline of births in the last 50 years, that it now seems certain that in a very few vears England will herself need almost the whole of her younger citizens in her own national and economic life. Where are our new settlers to come from then? Meanwhile, we have a very few years in which moderate num bers of Britishers will possibly be avail able. 