IMMIGRATION Of recent months there has been a great deal said as to the desirability pf attracting' immigrants of the ri?ht type to this country, but very little has been actually accomplished. ' Indeed it may be said that British migration having halted in recent years, the need of population is very urgent, particularly in the unpopulated West. We could hardly close our gates to people who are willing to come. We cannot say to any of the friendly nations of Europe that we object to people because of their nationality. That would hardly be a policy of (appeasement. There' is a . better way of dealing with the question. Whatever objection there may be to migrants from any part of Europe in undue proportions can .be; removed -by an increase of immi °Tpatjion from Great Britain. Happily there is Hope of a very considerable increase next year. There is also,, a prospect of increasing the number of Dutch and Danish immigrants, and Sir Earle -Page (Minister for pommerce) has done well to interest the Governments of Holland and Denmark in the possibilities of Australia.' ^ .But while we talk of increasing' immigration among adults there, is far" more prospect of success •from. encouraging the young to migrate. here. The Fairbridge Farm movement, if encouraged along ,the right lines, has prospects of illimitable success. It is very gratifying fyp ifind that ther;e ,is a proposal to revive tl*e Big Brother movement, ueiSticularly in ttie Eastern States. There is no splan of immigration which makes such a popular appeal. There is. none /jyhich supplies a-class of migrant so likely to make good AjMtpilians. .As a .matter of fact tfiere is none -which has such a record of success in starting young men qn. promising and useful careers. The public is familiar with the character of the movement. It is purely British and it 1 has the imprimatur of ^he Imperial and Commonwealth Governments. Unfortunately the 'asr in migration, due to the degression, checked the operations of the movement and possibly caused " a waning of public interest. It is now proposed to form a, company in the Eastern States to carry out the objects of the movement. This is to w e 'ca rarity among public companies: it will be one operating without promts. But it will have all the appurtenances ;of a public company; directors and shareholders and the like. But the directors will not draw fees and ti e shareholders will not receive iivicends. 