CONFERENCE OF LOCAL PRODUCERS' OPENS PROBLEMS OF DAIRYING AND COTTON INDUSTRIES 140 RESOLUTIONS ON AGENDA APPROXIMATELY 40 delegates of Local Producers' Associa- tions attended the Central District Conference which opened at Anzac House yesterday, when resolutions dealing with the problems of the dairying and cotton industries received attention. A total of 140 resolutions are contained in the agenda ; the majority of these will be dealt with at today's session. The following delegates were present Messrs R. R. Nothling, Machine Creek ; R. H. Brake, Don River ; W. Lehfeldt, Kalapa—Bushley ; W. J. B. Tonkin, Parkhurst; H.O. R. P. Hanschen, Mil- man : J. W. Hyatt, Bracewell ; H. E. Woodman, Cedar Vale ; H. G. Ware, Wilmott ; A. C. Anderson, Ambrose ; G. Ferguson, Marmor ; G. R. Cox Kianga ; C. Butterwell, Willawa ; A Hobson, Kinma ; R. S. McLintock, Goo- vigen ; T. Olsen, jun., The Caves and Etna Creek ; M. Boyle, Yafwùn ; E. G. Beaman, Boyne Valley ; E. Schuene- mann, Goovigen ; C. G. Young, Wowan ; J. P. German, Dalma Scrub ; J. J Bauer, Watalgan ; H. P. Dillon, Koko- tunga; A. Bell, Greyclilfe; P. Marson, Pheasant Creek ; W. H. Tesch, Bera- jondo ; G. Amos, Mullet Creek ; W. U Finger, Baffle Creek ; D. N. Henricks, Tottenham ; T. P. Bryson and J. L. T. Blackwell, Baralaba ; J. H. J. Koeta Alma Creek ; V. Dwyer, Bouldercombe ; F. R. Hendy, Rockhampton ; K Morris Alton Downs and Nine Mile ; A. J McPherson, Buneru ; K, Broszat, Gar- nant ; J. J. Lester, Bororen ; J. Car- roll, Byfield ; G. Milne, Ridgelands ; and J. V. Sullivan (Mackay Ward). Mr H. M. Hill (representative of the Butter Board) and Mr E. Brabiner (representative of the Council of Agri- culture) were also present. Conference was opened by the Mayor (Mr H. W. Evans) at the invitation of the chairman. The Mayor said that he had sufficient intelligence to recognise that agricul- ture came first in industry throughout tho world. According to a leading article in "Thc Morning Bulletin" some doubt existed about 00 years ago as tn whether food supplies would be suffi- cient to meet the future demand, but at the present timo the problem did not seem to be nearly so nettle. Farmers were now able to supply from one acre as much as required five acres to supply about 60 years ago, this being the re- sult of scientific research and the good work accomplished by such conferences as that which he was about to open. Referring to the progress of trans- port and lt« benefits to the primary producer, thc Mayor said he wished to pay tribute to the excellent work being carried out by the Main Roads Com- mission In the construction of roads in the country. He much criticism, which he considered to be unjust. "There is not the slightest doubt that there is prosperity in Australia," said the Mayor. 'There ls evidence of it everywhere and I am pleased to ste that a move has been made to bring about intelligent immigration. Handled properly, I think it is a good thing." Tho Mayor officially declared the con- ference open and extended his best wishes for Ita success. A vote of thanks was moved nv s W. Lehfeldt, seconded by Mr R i Nothling, and carried by acclamation The chairman Introduced Mr D. .T. 1 Daniel. M.L.A., who, In brief respon' said that the present conference wi the third he had attended. If he pain« as much knowledge from lt as he hi from the others, his time would n have been wasted. Ho was whol heartedly In favour of the eonferenc as he realised thc advantage of organ sation. It could be borne ont by tl fact that onlv last week Australis butter In London bad hrou"ht the san price ns Danish butter, that wa« « achievement of which primary produce' could well be proud. CHAIRMAN'S ANNUAL REPORT. The annual report presented by tl chairman was as follows : The following district executive wt olected at the Central Queensland V)ii trict Conference held at the School < Arts, Rockhampton, on June 16, 1' and 18, I for : Messrs If. R. «rai (chairman), R. R. Nothling (distrlc delegate to thc Council of Agriculture T. P. Bryson, W. Lehfeldt, and J. K Fletcher (district secretary). Owing to the fact that the Macks; ward was not represented on the cxecu tive it was recommended by confer once that provision be made for sue representation and that the Macka; ward delegate be allowed to sit oi the executive. This rccommendatioi was accordingly sent on to the Counei of Agriculture, which accepted it am Mr J. V. Sullivan, the Mackay wan delegate at the Bistrict conference, wai accordingly notified of the Council o: Apiculture's decision. There were four meetings held dur ing the year, and tile volume of busi ness handled by the district executivi fully justified that body's contentioi that there should be, at least, six mern bers to allow of the expeditious hand ling of its business. The present sys tem causes a considerable amount ot delay, whirl] militates against itt efforts to bring matters brought befor< it to a speedy and successful conclu- sion. This is particularly noticeahh in matters of purely local importance, which form a considerable proportion ol the executive's business. Several motions were referred hy district conference to the district executive for attention by that body. Included in that number were thc following : (1) "That conference discuss thc method of cream grading, ns done nt present, with a view to some action being taken." This »natter was discussed at the first meeting of the new executive and the secretary was instructed to inform the Upper Ulam L.P.A. from which the motion emanated, that up to the pre* sent no exact scientific method nf grading cream has been discovered. It has to depend on thc human factor, represented by specially qualified and trained men. The gradings of these men are checked hy periodic visits from the (iovci ntneiil grader. A further, indirect check is that obtained by (he periodie returns furnished hy each fac- tory to the Department of Agriculture and Steak, and I» 1 ¡ie Queensland lintier Board. A still further cherk ¡B furnished by the (¡ovcrnment's audits of the factory's books, which include the returns to suppliers. (2) "Thnt conference request a risc in the price paid for bobby calves by' tho C.Q.M.K. Co., as tho price paid in Hie south is Jd. per lb. above that paid locally ; also, though tile price of calf skins has advanced 2d. per lb. in re- cent months, such increase has not been received by the farmer ; we re- quest, therefore, that calves be sold, pius skin values, as is done in the case of sheep." Thc district executive took this mat- ter up with the company concerned, and received a reply that the price of bobby calves were being advanced to ld. per lb. which the company considered would 1« a satisfactory price to farmers. The statement regarding the increase in the prico of calf skins was definitely wrong, as prices had slumped and not advanced as stated in the motion. In arriving a* the price, due allowance was made for a steady V1*» which should be much more satisfactory to the farmers than an '' up and down " price based on skin values. The company pointed out that, on top of ld. per lb. it paid the cost of convey- ance, whether by rail or truck, as well ns the agent's commission. This infor- mation was forwarded on to the Tar- ginie h.V.A., which was responsible for the motion. WATER OM RESERVES. (3) That the Government be asked to supply a permanent water supply, cither bore or tank, on Government reserves for the use of those whose water supply is liable to give out during drought time. This matter was taken up with the department concerned, which pointed out that tlie matter of providing a water facility on Government reserves was one for thc local authority. The Greycliffe L.P.A. was accordingly sc advised, with the added information that such a facility can be granted by a local authority, and the cost covered hy a subsidy loan granted for approved works. The local authority assumes rteponsibility for one-third of the cost, its a loan, repayable in IO years, and can declare the area served by such facility a benefited ares- The balance of the amount expended consists of a subsidy, one-third being provided by the State and one-third by the Federal Government. This portion being a grant is interest and redemption free, (4) That the Raliway Department be asked to put a rail motor, for the con- veyance of cream, OD the Rockhampton Gladatone line. In answer to representations by thc district executive the department stated that the cream business on this section, was too heâvy for a rail motor service, even if one were available. Therefore, th« department could not accede to thc request (b) That tbs Railway Department be asked to reduce tbs railage on wireless bstteries sent for recharging purposes. The district secretary interviewed the Geneal Manager of Railways in the Central Division on this matter, and he stated that the matter was one which would have to bs considered on a State- wide basis, and that, following advice from th« Commissioner, no reduction could be made at the present time. How- ever, he stated that he would again go into the matter when hs went to Bris- bane, (6) Tbat tba cost of wireless licences be reduced 25 per cent, and that schools be exempted from payment. In the course of a reply to the dis- trict executive's communication on the matter the Postmaster-General stated that the fee paid by broadcast listeners was kept under constant review by the department. He pointed out that, owing ta the heavy expenditure to be incurred by the repartment in its scheme to pro- vide all the essentials for an efficient service, and the additional heavy expen- diture to be incurred progressively dur- ing the next few years, a reduction, at thc present time, could no tbc justified. Tn connexion with the request for a conresaoin on behalf of schools, it bad been decided to limit the concession of free licences to blind persons owing to the administrative difficulties which would be experienced in deciding which applications should be accepted and which rejected. (0) "That all stock licks be classed as stock food for freight purposes on the railways." The secretary was Instructed to in- form the Tottenham L.P.A. that stock licks have been placed in the name classification for freight purposes as pollard, etc. This had been done fol- lowing representations made by Mr Bulcock as Minister for Agriculture and Stock and as president of the Q.l'.A. to the Railway Department. (7| "That the Port Curtis Dairy As soeiation Ltd take up the whole matter of the pollution of the Dee River with thc authorities, and that samples of water be sent to it to enable it to place a concrete case be- fore those authorities." The association collected samples from various points along the river and sent them to the Dairy Research Laboratory with a covering letter, a copy of which the secretary was in- structed to send to the L.P.A's con- cerned. This matter has not yet been finalised. (S) "That the Council of Agricul- ture be asked to cooperate with the dairy associations in asking the Rail- way Department for a reasonable inclu- sive rate for thc material for dairy buildings, including cement, purchased through the scheme inaugurated by thc Council of Agriculture." Thc council, in reply to representa- tions by the distrirl executive on the lines of the above motion, stated that the interests of the dairymen in this district would be best served by its joining with the P.C.D. Association Ltd in any appeal it might consider desir- able for a concession on railway freights for dairy building material This material could be purchased cheaper locally than by bringing it from Brisbane to Central Queensland, and conférence has been assured that the P.C.D. Association would assist in this regard. I!)] "That the unemployment relief tar be abolished." I As this matter was being discussed at tile Wate conference it wat decided to full into line with whatever de- cision wus arrived nt hy that body. (10) "That the motion carried at tho last Central Queensland district conference regarding inquiry into thc cost of producing butter iu Australia and asking the Federal Government to subsidise the price up to the cost of production be treated as urgent and pressed with all possible dispatch." This matter was held over in view of the very definite promise made by Hie Federal Government that it would give consideration to the appointment of such a lioard of Inquiry, the subject matter of the motion. Up to the present this promise has not been fulfilled, the reason being given that thc question ns to what Department would be thc competent one to hold sueli an in'juiry has not been finalised. Amongst other things taken up by the district executive was thc matter of securing publicity for the organisa- tion in the district, and the Council of Agriculture was approached in thc matter. Thc district executive con- sidered that the more publicity the organisation received in the local Press the more efficiently it could work. Thc Council of Agriculture agreed that thc local Press should bc encouraged, and empowered the district executive to get any necessary printing done locally, providing that its approval was sought first. HOUSING OF SETTLERS. One of the most important questions handled by the district executive dur- ing thc year was one that arose out of a motion discussed at tbe district conference and concerned the bousing of settlers. This motion had been sent on to the State conference and had been carried there. The Minister's reply to the ri sentations made by the Council Agriculture did not satisfy the dis executive, which mad» further ri BentationB, and asked for cei modifications in the present Act. view of the unsatisfactory natur« the result of these further represe tiona the district executive has dec to lay the whole correspondence be thc conference with a request further instructions on the matter The L.P.A's concerned were < tnunicatcd with on the matter conta in the motion, requesting that the i chasing price of land fronting the River be reduced owing to the : that the contamination of the wi in that river by the Mt Morgan C pany had rendered the water use for cither domestic or stock purpo Pending the receipt of tho report the samples taken from the ri previously mentioned in this report, action can be taken. Following on the request of Dalma Scrub L.P.A., through the i j trict executive, the Cotton Hoard advised that there in no possibility an oil expression mill being erected Rockhampton, as thc present mill Whinstanes has never run at maxim capacity on seed grown in (Jueensla 'and therefore the erection of such j mill would be economically unsound I In addition to the matters mentloi j above, numerous requests for inion tion and for the assistance of I executive in purely local matters wi received and dealt with. The district executive was request by tbe Council of Agriculture to aw Mr K. R. Hack, the State organls iib hts tour of the district by planBl \\\tul his itinerary «nd accompanying h' ithroueh the arcas in which th» ir* vidual members reside. Thc erteuth (realising the importance of the wo ho vas doing in the interest« of t primary producers, very willingly I ¡eroded to this request and gave all t 'assistance in its power. It is to be hoped that his visit w dispel soma of the apathy which u doubted!? exists among the produce and make them realise the importan of pulling together, as it ls only t doing so they can secure the benefl to which they are entitled. Evei other section of th» community thoroughly organised, and the primai producer must do the same. In conclusion the district executb wishes to thank thc L.P.A.B for the su| port accorded it during the past yea which has been a very trying one i this district. The extremely dry cond t-uns prevailing militated against tl proper functioning of th« L.P.A.s, th members of which, in most oases, wei sn fully occupied in attending to the! stock that they had very little time t attend to organisation matters. With the break of thc drought, hon ever, members will be able to devot their attention to these matters one more, and we can confidently look foi ward to a revival of the interest dis played by primary producers in th activities of their organisation-th Queensland Producers' Association The financial statement showed i credit haalnce of £4 11s. 4d. ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN. Three delegates, Messrs Lehfeldt Brake, and Bryson, were nominated foi the position of chairman of the execu tire. An exhaustive ballot resulted ii Mr Lehfeldt being elected. Mr J. M. Fletcher was reappointer, secretary, Mr R. R. Nothling was appointed tc the position of representative on th< Council of Agriculture. The district executive was appointed as follows ; Messrs Lehfeldt, Nothling Fletcher, Brake, and Bryson. POLLUTION OF DEE RIVER. Reporting on correspondence concern- ing the alleged contamination of the Dee River, Mr R. M. Hill said that samples were taken, from which it was found that the water was contaminated. He suggested that the conference should take the matter up with the Mines De- partment or the Department of Health, with a request that an investigation bc made. On the motion of Mr Koets it was de- cided that the case he submitted to the Minister for Mine« and the Minister for Health. The first resolution on the agenda dealt with the dairying industry. In moving that the Dairy Act be re- viewed in consultation with representa- tive» of the dairying industry, to he elected by the Council of Agriculture. Mr J. H. J. Koets said that dairymen were being harassed In many ways. He considered that half the regulations could lie cut out without endangering thc quality of butter. Stating th* motion was a utile too vrgue. Mr ,1. V. Sullivan moved an nmcndment that the Council of Agricul lure bc asked to appoint a committee tr. di «eu KP with dairy representatives of tho nine district executives the Dalry Act and possible modification. Mr R. M. Hilt said that the time was ripe for the appointment of an advisory board on the same lines as thc Sugar Board. A further amendment was submitted by Mr Brake that the Minister for Agri- culture appoint an advisory committee, to be elected by representatives of industry. After consultation between moven the two amendments, the following solution was carried: That the Minti for Agriculture approve of the appol ment of an advisory committee as a < sultant body on alf matters relative regulations and amendments of A pertainig to the dairying industry i all other mattera of interest, such ci mittee to consist of . Ave members, th I tn be actively engaged in cream, cb« 'and milk producing, one to repres the manufacturers, and one, a techni officer, to represent the Government. I The original resolution, as moved I Mr Kocts, was also adopted, COST OF BUTTES PRODUCTION "My association was of opinion tl 75 per cent of our motions to the Gi ernment arise out of being paid t little for our product, causing us to cap in hand, for Government aid every little setback," said Mr Ware, moving : " That we press for a co mission of inquiry into the cost of pi during a pound of butter in Austral) sud when such cost is determined, th ire go for thst prior, even if it entai a restriction in the production butter." An amendment submitted by Mr Sullivan was carried in the following form: " That we press for a commission of inquiry into the cost of producing a pound of butter in Australia, and when such cost is determined, that we take firm stand when that price is obtained It was further decided that a case for the appointment of a commission of inquiry be prepared by the district executive, and that the assistance of either executives be sought. In moving "that all registered bulls be compelled to pass a Government test before they can be offered for sale," the Cedar Vale delegate said he thought the Government should give security against disease in all registered bulls that were sold. Many delegates opposed the motion on the grounds that provision was already made for the testing of stock. The motion was lost. The following resolution was allowed to lapse: "That all dairy bulls be dehorned horned at two years old." (Lawgi Kariboi). PURCHASE OF BUTTER BY GOVERNMENT, A motion, "That the Commonwealth Government be approached with a request that it purchase the whole of the butter produced in Australia, and pay the butter producers a price for it which will ensure a living wage," met with lively opposition. Mr J. P. German said that dairymen were protected by the Butter Board and 'the Equalisation Co., and it would be bad business for producers to allow the Government to acquire butter and markey it. The motion was defeated. The following resolution, submittal by th Lawgi-Kariboi Association was also lost : " That the Dairy Cattle Improvement Act be either enforced or repealed " A further resolution dealing with dis ease was carried as follows ; " That con terence approach the State Government with a view to asking it to compensate owners of dairy stock which have to be destroyed owing to being infected with tuberculosis, on a 50 per cent basis." A motion submitted by the Cedar Vale Association, ' That at least 28 days' notice be given by the dairy in- spectors of an intention to condemn cream cans, to enable dairymen to pur- chase new ones." was lost, but the fol- lowing resolution, moved by Mr R. S. McLintoek, was carried : "That the dis- trict executive be instructed to investi- gate the charge that dairy instructors have destroyed cans and buckets." AUSTRALIAN PRICE FOR COTTON. An important motion concerning the cotton industry was submitted by the Goovigen delegate (Mr McLintock), as follows: "That the Cotton Board be asked to prepare a case in favour of the establishment of an Australian price for cotton." Mr McLintock said that the cotton industry was in an exceedingly bad condition, as supported by a recent statement by the Arbitration Court. A large number of growers in the cotton belt had been forced to drop out and to take on other branches of farming. Those who bad been compelled to carry on with cotton growing were in a bad way and required assistance "with dynamite behind it." As an addendum to his motion, Mr McLintock moved: "That Central Queensland members of the Cotton Board be instructed to press for a price equal to the cost of production." "The price we are getting will not promote the proper farming of cotton" he said, " and we want the board to do as the Butter Board has done." The motion was seconded by the Callide Valley delegate, who said that the cotton grower was faced with many difficulties and the Commonwealth Gov- ernment practically demanded that cotton should be grown for defence purposes. Mr Brake said that the Cotton Board was trying to obtain everything pos- sible for the growers. If it were possible to get an Australian price, it would be got, but the only thing to be done, in his opinion, was for the Government to put a duty on imported lint and give growers an Australian price. Mr Schuenemann said that he was a member of the Cotton Board, yet he considered that the board was not try- ing very hard to get a fraction increase in the price of cotton. Mr McLintock: Unless the Cotton Board wakes up and does something there will be no cotton industry. The motion was carried with the ad- dition suggested by the mover. The following resolutions were car- ried : "That conference request the editor of the 'Queensland Producer' to state on what authority he published the statement that no Government would register a dairymen's union " (Bracewell). " That district executive be in- structed to approach the Department of Agriculture and Stock and request that a thorough investigation be made of the possibility of establishing a factory to deal with pig production " (Rockhampton). A motion, " That the Department of Agriculture and Stock be asked to in- vestigate the percentage of deduction on pork and bacon pigs with a view to reducing it to a more reasonable basis," was withdrawn by the Cedar Vale delegate. The following resolutions were lost : "That conference request, the Port Curtis Dairy Association Ltd to post fortnightly cream statements " (Cedar Vale). " That butter factories be compelled to notify suppliers when cream is second grade and suggest the probable cause, notice to be mailed" (Mackay Ward). "That in view of the apparent prac- tice of some farmers mixing low lint percentage varieties of cotton with high lint percentage varieties (either plant or ratoon cotton), thereby en- dangering the industry and nullifying the efforts of research and experi- mental workers, the Government be asked to declare such practice at criminal offence punishable with heavy fines ; such punishment not to serve as a revenue producer, but as a deterrent'' Kokotunga). " That the rules of the Queensland Producer' Association to amended to provide that no member of a com- modity board be eligible to hold a posi- tion on a district executive, or to be a district delegate to State conference, while he remains a member of such a board" (Baralaba). Conference will resume at 9 o'clock this morning. A man w ent to sign on at Hie Labour Exchange, and the clerk asked him how he ramo to bc out of work. "Oh," replied the man, "Ah geet mad wi' Iii* boss." "What for!" asked the clerk. "Why." was the reply, "he said Ah'd stolen ten pounds." " And why didn't you make him prove it!" persisted the clerk. "He did prove it," replied the man; "that's why Ah geet so mad." 