News and Views from Sydney. (Fran Our Special BepreaenUHve). ? TOE POLITICAL PENDDLVH Strange the swing or the political pendulum! Not so. long ago tbe State U.A.P, was « model of unity with a seeming __. mortgage on the reins of government for many years to come, opposed only as lt was by a divided Labor Party. To- day, that unity Is gone, either temporarily or permanently, and it might not be an exaggeration to say that the U.A.P. is not such a great deal better off than the Labor Party, except that the former has more parliamentary strength. Nor are rival Labor lead en, Lang and Heffron, letting any grass grow under their feet. For since they are more or less united in a common purpose— and effort to get the skids under Mr. Stevens and bis government. Both are using tbelr respective newspapers to this end. Lang started the rumor, with the air of one who knew, that the Premier would shortly become Sir Bertram and would accept a lucrative position abroad with Lord Nuffleld. The fact that Nuffleld was for a time the per sonal gueBl of the Premier lent colour to the story. The rumour was taken up immediately by the Heffron fol lowing. If Mr. Stevens does go it will probably be a race to the pre miership between Messrs Spooner and Martin, with the former the favour ite. Incidentally, the denials that there has been formed a definite anti Stevens faction, comprised of certain members of 'the parliamentary U.A. P., published in the metropolitan press, cannot disguise the fact that that faction Is there. The bitterest critics or the Premier are Messrs Chaffey, Shand and Bate for obvious reasons. Cabinet is more than a little worried over the position, and it is known that more than one sec ret meeting has been held to discuss the situation. Efforts may be made to placate the more irate opponents of Cabinet. ? :: ? ? THAT S.F. LEGISLATION. It is doubtful whether Cabinet's projected S.P. legislation will be any thing but a dismal failure. Mr. Lee (U.A.P. Drummoyne), an ex-Minister of Justice, expresses the opinion that the bill will never see the light of day in the House, and that even if it does it will be altered so drastically, with the support of many of the rank and file of the U.A.P., that Cabinet will not want to push on with it. After all the talk and publicity, it will be difficult for Cabinet to back down, and shelve the bill with out even presenting it to the House, and indications arc that Cabinet will go ahead with its plans, even in the face of the threatened oppostlon from within the party. The bill, however, will have a stormy passage, and alle gations that Cabinet consulted the A.J.C. and certain race clubs in re gard to some of the provisions in the bill will be freely made. One argu ment certain to be used against the measure, and possibly in favour of a limited number of licensed S.P. shops, will be the position of those follow ers of racing in the country. That every country town, without excep tion, has its S.P. operators is an open secret, and if these, by drastic legis lation, are driven out of business, the huge number of country bettors will be without facilities to back their fancies, since they cannot come down to Sydney to attend race meetings, nor be expected to do so. It is held in certain quarters that it would be better if country people were denied facilities to bet on City race meet ings, but the moral rights and wrongs of S.P. betting are, of course, a dif ferent matter, and one for Individual argument One fact emerges clearly. The majority of politicians, including the rank and file of all parties, and quite a few Cabinet ministers as well, would like to see the whole matter dropped, and the law administered in the future as it has been in the past without further parliamentary action. Humorously enough, S.P. bets can be placed in Parliament House itself on any race day, and quite a few members have their pri vate 'flutter.' ? :: ? ? THE STATE LOTTERY. The reasoning of the Premier and certain of his Cabinet ministers on the subject of the State Lottery is indeed difficult to follow, and their ways hard to understand. On the one hand Messrs Stevens and Co. complain of the cost to the Govern ment of hospital administration, and point out that the lottery, although showing more than £800,000 last year, is insufficient to keep the hos pitals, throwing a heavy burden on Government finances. On the other hand the same Messrs Stevens and Co. refuse, in horrified accents, to increase the size of the lottery, add to its profits, bring it into Hne with lotteries In other States, and keep in New South Wales the money sent out of it. And this, despite represen tations to the contrary made by the Hospitals Association. The Premier would move for the abolition of the lottery, but fears to do so because of its popularity, shown every day by the thousands who jostle and wait in long queues at the lottery oBxx to buy tickets. On the question of the moral rights and wrongs of the lottery no more need be said than this: The lottery is either right or it is wrong. If it is right then let us have bigger lotteries for the benefit of subscribers and hospitals. If it hi wrong then let us abolish the one we have and find some other way of keeping the hospitals. Gambling in a small lottery is clearly just as wrong— or just as right— as gambl ing in a bigger one. ? :: *. ? ABOLISHING PARLIAMENTS The abolition of State Parliaments has often been discussed and fre quently held to be desirable, but the majority or people have realised that asking State members to abolish their lobs and commit bolltlca.1 suicide was asking the Impossible. Now, how ever, a brand new political body has been formed in Sydney— It will be known as the Australian Independent League— which will work with this end in view. It will also try to unite the independent political forces in the State, and seek redress in such matters as taxation, high coat of government, machine politics, and delegated government. Having seen united into a party, however, lt would seem that the Independents might cease to become Independents. The League will have many supporters, though, in any move to abolish State Parliaments, leaving only the Com monwealth to govern the land. After all, good administration is more to be desired than multiplicity of laws ana accumulation ot taxes ana depart mental costs. As the late Sir Henry Parkes put it, the best thing for a nation was 'few laws and those laws embodying sound principles of uni versal application.' ? :: ? ? A FALSE ALABH. From the publicity given to the £16,000,000 drop In the Common wealth wool cheque this year and the statements made about it, anyone would think it was a national calam ity and the forerunner of another depression. Nothing could be further from the truth, and the alarm is a false one. There has been no drop in the market, and even If the wool export was lower, the average prices realised were on a par with those of last year and better than the aver age over the last five years. Less wool was sold, but plenty was held over and will go to swell this year's export, which may yet prove a re cord. Further, the wool export was less than last year, but higher than many other years since 1930. Again, what has been lost in wool has been made up by increases in other ex ports, notably gold, wheat and butter. That there are some threats to pros perity cannot be denied. In Sydney higher rents, food prices, and gen eral cost of living have decreased the spending power of the public, while another threat is the slowing up of building which will soon become not iceable, caused by the Increased cost of building material. As yet, how ever, there is little need to be unduly pessimistic about the future. Pes simism often proves to be the twin brother of depression. ? :: ? a THE WAGES TAX. It is expected that an announce ment will be made shortly by the Premier that his promise at the elec tions to reduce the Waegs Tax has been kept The announcement of the reduction, however, will not cause much joy among the payers of the tax. Again it will be on a sliding scale, according to a man's family, and the benefit will be only a matter of a penny or two at tfle most The Government has discarded all pre tence that the money is for the un employed, the purpose for which the tax was first imposed, for the main reason that it claims there are hard ily any unemployed. The Premier does not intend, however, to sacrifice Mils easy source of income while he can possibly bang on to it. Nor do these small reductions lessen the in come from the tax very much. The greater number of people in work, the greater the tax. Even with two reductions, the Government will be getting as much as ever from this iniquitous tax. , ? :: ? ? THE WBONG TVTE. While lt is true that Australia must have more population, the ac tion of the Federal Government in allowing the Influx of Southern Euro peans to continue is having a harm ful effect on Australian industry and Australian employment, which must grow worse as time goes on. The remarks in Sydney, last week, of the Chief Industrial Magistrate, when fining Italians for breaches of indus trial awards, are, unfortunately, only too true. He said that some indus tries were passing out of Australian into foreign hands, adding tfiat this was due to the inability of honest Australians to compete with the low standard of wages and conditions of those supplanting them. It is a serious matter to the nation and to every State. Yet the Federal Gov ernment continues to open the gates of the Commonwealth to the horde of Southern Europeans who knock thereon each year, but bolts and bars those same' gates to Dutch, Danish, German -and other immigrants, who .would not be foreigners for. long, and who would 'make far more desirable citizens than those aliens who flock into the country and compete un fairly against Australians by setting up conditions which would be hardly acceptable even to the Eastern races. Let us have immigration by all means, but by all means let us have the right type of immigrant, or none at aU. ? thobby is raa.t)o&y.; Minister for Defence, Mr. Thorby. is one of the unluckteat men «ver to i occupy a Cabinet position. In less than a year this C.P. member has struck more trouble than many Cab inet ministers have In a lifetime. Air mail delays, R.A.A.F. crashes, and now the flying boat trouble have all been laid at his door. The metropoli tan press is attacking him as no other Cabinet minister has been at tacked for years. Whether or not Mr. Thorby deserves all the kicks he is getting is, perhaps, a matter tor the public to judge. In all fairness, however, the conclusion is inescap able that the Minister cannot be held solely to blame for everything that goes wrong in matters over which his department happens to have control. It would be difficult to prove that Mr. Thorby is any less efficient than his predecessor, who suffered little more in the way of criticism than falls to the lot of the average Cabinet min ister. So far the criticism levelled at the Minister for Defence has been more destructive than constructive. ? :: ? ? THE COST OF CABS. Some importance is attached to the visit to Australia of Baron von Oertzen, of Germany, whose expressed Intention it is to establish a market here for the German D.K.W. cars and Diesel trucks. The Commonwealth would derive little, if any, benefit from the trade with Germany, but the fact that two-thirds of the cars are to be manufactured here, only the mechanism being Imported, will provide more work and more em ployment in Australia. The DjCW. is two-cylindered and in the 'baby' class, It can be manufactured cheap ly and could be turned out at a price within anybody's reach if it were not for the tariff. This, of course, ap plies to all cars. The average Ameri can car costing £350 to £400 in Aus tralia can be turned out for approxi mately £50 in America and sold there for less than £100 in some cases. With petrol at a few pence a gallon, motor transport in the U.S.A. hi the cheapest way of getting about. But hi Australia buyers pay for a lot they don't -get, and the Federal Gov ernment' pockets the difference after the Customs Department has collect ed it- Farm machinery, too, comes into the same category. ? :: ? ? THE SPEED LIMIT. It is seldom that an opposition is behind the government it opposes, and it is even rarer to find the State Labor Party behind the Premier, but any move in the State Parliament to remove the 30-mile an hour speed limit will be opposed by Labor, which will vote, If need be, with the Gov ernment, or at any rate with Cabinet, to retain this much criticised legis lation. 