NEW REALITIES IN EMPIRE MIGRATION THE Federal Government's plan for the assisted migration of people of British stock and the exploratory work designed to attract Danish and Dutch migrants to Australia are practical 'illustra- tions of Canberra's desire to accelerate, the flow of suitable newcomers to this, country. Members of the Government are fully aware of the ncecf for a steadily increasing population; but it is doubtful whether the public is sufficiently impressed by the ur gency of the problem. It is, of course, an extremely complex problem, bound. up with questions of internal economy, and colored by a popular fear that large-scale migration will disturb our industrial balance.' But the report of the British Government's Over-' sea Settlement Board throws a clear light , upon a vital aspect of the whole -stibject of' migration; and the attention of all thought ful people should be directed to some of its- more important .conclusions. There are two conclusions of major im portance. One is that the white population of the Empire is declining in an alarming way; and the other is that Britain may riot'- be able to supply to the Doriiniori.y suffi- cient settlers' to offset the declined' From, these conclusions . emerges the ; suggestion that, the Dominions (Australia' and. New; Zealand in particular), should admit' a' regulated flow of foreigners of assimilable types. This 'section of the report confirms expert opinion that the attitude of potential migrants in Britain is now very sceptical;', that the English worker deliberately. calcu lates the economic factors; arid.. -generally speaking, that he prefers his chances in' England to the possibility of obtaining a higher standard of living in the Dominions'. ; That state df. mind is-parlly a legacy from the depression days, and the Commonwealth Government's new plan has not yet had sufficient time to gain .momentum.. In the first quarter of this year, although migration shovyed a net gain of 1646, there was ac- ; tually.a net loss of people of British stock. Problem of Organisation ... The. main, stream of, migration from Europe ' today js f forii .south-eastern and cent, tral Europe'; ' Economic, and to some ex- tcnt political,' pressure dictates'- the flow: Poles' and Italians in- large numbers are willing to come to. Australian and if Federal ; Cabinet . has decided "to restrict as far as possible ; the' growth of alieri communities in Australia/it is, not: because. Australians' are hostile: ,but because of an' understandable; and wise desire hi : .build up. our population with British -stock pr. people of kindred race,' The problem; therefore, , becomes" largely one of organisation. If British migrants are not forthcoming in -sufficient . numbers the next field is the Scandinavian countries. The natural flow frorii' those countries is. comparatively small— —a fact which renders necessary intensive publicity, and a careful examination of Australian, industrial needs, so that migrants from these lands" may be assured at least of reasonable opportunities, when, they land. ' On.tfcs side.much has been accomplished to avoid a repclitioh . of , past mistakes. The dumping of unsuitable inigrants on the land and the disillusionment, which followed after the. buoyant early .years of the nine- leen-twentics are to be avoided by a method of careful selection; and already we have given the outside- world a better under standing of the absorptive capacity of Aus- Iralia. Wild ideas about a huge and empty continent have been corrected ; and intelli gent observers on tbe other- side of the vyorld are commending the Common wealth's policy of gradual infiltration as -a sounder if .slower method of increasing our numbers. ' No Longer Sheltered. . Naturally Australia "claims' the right to say what kind., of immigrants she' wants. She is entitled also to say that she does not want another-country's uncmployables; and that her own workers must be protected. But above all those reservations is the cold, grim fact that our numbers are- .increasing too slowly.. The remarkable , rccoriimen- dation .contained in the .Oversea Settlement Board's report that, the, Dominions should absorb foreigners lis a sign of the times that- cannot be ignored. The old conception of Great Britain as a source of population for the Dominioris must give place to- another, economic reality, affecting Australia and New Zealand more urgently than any other part of the Empire.' No longer can -Aus tralia rely upon her birthrate to preserve the national security, and she cannot at pre sent rely upon a surplus population from Great Britain. Nor can this country claim any longer to be sheltered and isolated. Australia is a community in the .densely-populated Paci fic basin. She is set in a potentially dan gerous and explosive zone, and migration - to . these shores, once simply a question of development, is now closely related to national security. It is, therefore, impera tive that the Federal Government's migra tion policy should be experliy framed in every detail. Another failure would be calamitous. Let the immigrant he' chosen who is likely to succeed arid iind his place. Mistakes at this stage might dry up the stream altogether. 