M THE MIGRANTS WE NEED . « J There is no influx of immigrants. There is a trickle. The best hope for Australia is that it will develop into a steady flow. In twelve months ended on May 31 of last year 17,559 immigrants arrived, all but a thousand being Europeans. But, whereas there were 8,674 per manent arrivals of British stock, we lost 9,441 British citizens'. Among the European migrants were 3,094 Italians and about a thousand from northern Europe. The most acceptable immigrants are people of British birth. All Australians who believe that their country must be populated if it is to be retained heartily welcome such newcomers. They have not been ar riving iii the desired proportions. The considerable number of Italians : arriving in Australia is alarming some people. Their number has been exaggerated in the minds of many from the fac,t that other Euro- , peans have been confused - with Italians. There is no reason to re gard the people of Italy as undesir able immigrants: their coming here is at least evidence of an enterpris ing spirit. Heither is there any rea son to describe their number as an influx: it is hardly more than a drop in a bucket. Some at least of the opposition is opposition not speci- fically to Italians but to immigra tion, but opponents of immigration of any kind do not frankly avow themselves. IJp. ..to the present the rate of increase - by immigration from 'Great Britain has been, dis appointing, and' Italians are coming to the full extent of their quota. British migration haying halted in recent years, the need of popul ation was still urgent. We could hardly -close our gates to people who were willing to come. We cannot say to any of the friendly nations of Europe that we' object to people be cause of their nationality. That is hardly a policy of appeasement. There is a better way -of dealing with the question. Whatever ob jection there may be to migrants from any part of Europe can be removed by an increase in immigra tion from Great . Britain. Happily there is hope of a very considerable increase next year. There is also a prospect of increasing the number of Dutch and Danish migrants and Sir Earle Page (Minister for Com-1 meree) has done well to' interest the Governments of Holland and Denmark in the possibilities in Aus tralia. Quite definitely, we must in crease the population of this land considerably if we - desire to hold it. 