PRIMARY PRODUCERS' UNION ' DISTRICT COUNCIL MEETS AT ! KANGAROO VALLEY A meeting of the Illawarra District Council of the P.P. Union was held at Kangaroo Valley on Monday of last week. As our representative was involved in a motor accident on the way to the meeting, we take the following report from the "Register":— Mr. M. J. Walker, of Gerringong, the President, who, by the way, is a i native of Kangaroo Valley, extended J a cordial welcome to the following delegates: Messrs. T. R. Thompson, H. Kellett (Berry), H. O. Cox, L. Cochrane, A. R. Chittick (Kangaroo Valley), W. Watts, J. W. Henry, J. R Knapp, T. Binks (Nowra), O. K. East, J. Walsh, E. J. Noble, (Jamberoo), H. G. Fraser, F. J. East, J. T. Mclnerney (Gerringong), J. G. Petty (Yatteyattah), P. Connolly (Ulladulla-Milton), and the secretary, Mr. H E. Cook (Berry). KANGAROO VALLEY'S WELCOME Mr. Cox, on behalf of the Kangaroo Valley branch, expressed his great pleasure in welcoming the delegates to the district, remarking that it was an historic event, seeing that it was the first occasion on which such a meeting was held at Kangaroo Valley. As a branch, they had been functioning for the past twelve months, and they greatly appreciated the fact'that the meeting was being held there. He assured them that the A. and H. Association and the branch of the P.P.U. appreciated it, and so far as the branch was concerned, the meeting being held at Kangaroo Valley that day, would be from now on a live and interested branch of the Union. Apologies were received for the absence of Messrs. A. N. Binks, H. Colley. A. Brown, H. G. Miller, S. Graham, and J. Davis. DELEGATES' REPORT Mr. Fraser gave a report of the executive quarterly meeting, which dealt with a number of matters, such as the testing of dairy cattle, national insurance (the Union would not be an approved society), subsidiary industries (powdered milk, etc.), shortage of butter box timber, garnishee orders (withdrawn), free transport of school children to super primary schools (a payment of allowance in distance over three miles is paid by the Department), appointment of veterinary surgeon for the Illawarra (would be made available as soon as practicable). Mr. Watts endorsed the report of Mr. Fraser. Mr. Binks moved that the reports be adopted, and the delegates be thanked for them. Carried. The secretary stated that he was pleased to report that he had obtained the consent of 12 farmers of Back Forest/ Eolong, etc., to join up with the Union, and hoped to have about 60 naniis by the end of the year. All asked had agreed to join, he said. The r.-port was looked upon as oeing very satisfactory. CORRESPONDENCE The general secretary wrote a number of letters giving information on general matters of interest, including the prevention of bush fires. A letter from the general secretary was dealt with regarding migrants to be employed for farm work, asking if Union members would indicate their willingness to engage migrants at a wage of £1 per week.—Mr. Fraser favored the migrant as a good worker, being happy at his work, which was really his home. He found the immigrant very satisfactory. Mr. Walsh agreed that the idea was a good one but immediately the men were taken on to farm work, they found other positions on higher wages, he said. The President: If the Government of the day found there was a demand for them, with a guarantee of employment. that would be all right. But, otherwise, it would not be satisfactory for the Union to take definite action other than to affirm the principle.— No further action was agreed to. The secretary reported that he had had notices posted at the Berry factory, and had received only one response, which showed that the demand for the immigrants was pratcically nil at Berry. Others spoke in a similar strain. Mr. Thompson moved that no further action be taken, adding that they were of the opinion that the Government should be guided by the Labor Bureau. Seconded by Mr. Cox, and carried. Mr. Fraser was against the motion, remarking that there was a shortage of labor on farms to-day, and the immigrants should be encouraged to come to Australia. W M. Hughes, as the Minister for External Affairs, asked for co-operation and support of the Union in a campaign to increase the voluntary militia forces from 35,000 to 70,000.- The President, as a general policy, stated that they all realised it was a national duty, and conscientiously stated that, ih principle, he supported the scheme, but he did not like saying to anyone that they should join the military forces. Mr. Connolly remarked that all the Government had to do was to increase the strength of their militia units in each centre. The trouble was that in the past they were restricted to a certain number in each centre. Mr. Binks agreed that they could not sit idly by when , they considered what was being done in other countries. He had no doubt that the necessary men would be made available. He was a man of peace, but thought they could not blame the Empire nor the Commonwealth for making an appeal to the manhood. A public meeting was being called at Nowra to consider what action should be taken.- Mr. East suggested that it was a matter for each branch to do its part to fall in with the wishes of the Minister for External Affairs. Mr. Cochrane, speaking as an officer in the Kangaroo Valley Light Horse unit, which, he said, had the best record in N.S.W. for the Prince of Wales Cup, approved of the scheme as suggested by Mr. Hughes for increasing the number of units. Mr. Kellett moved that the Union give the scheme its moral support, with the recommendation that a representative from each branch attend public meetings at each centre, which may be called. Seconded by Mr. Chittick. Mr. Connolly moved an amendment that the military authorities be asked to increase the strength of local units, and where no units were established, that the authorities be asked to establish units in those centres.—The amendment was carried. The Kangaroo Valley A. and H. As- sociation asked if the amount donated by the Union for the fodder competition was for 1938 or 1939 show.—The secretary: It was for the 1938 competition. just concluded. The general secretary wrote, stating that neither the general president nor himself could attend the meeting that day. The Berry Council replied to the Union's request that the Council eradicate "cutty tussock" in the municipality. As "cutty tussock" had not been declared a noxious weed, no action was taken, the letter stated.—Mr. Walsh: At Jamberoo the Council declared cutty tussock noxious. It was one of the best things that ever happened. It would do a lot of good if the Council did declare it noxious. SYMPATHY Mr. Petty apologised for the absence of Mr. Davis, and Mr. Fraser moved that a letter of sympathy be written to him in his illness. Seconded by Mr. O. K. East, and carried. The President referred to the death of the late M. F. Morton, and moved that a letter of sympathy be written to his son and his two brothers, conveying the sympathy of the Union in their bereavement. Seconded by Mr. Petty, and carried in silence. FINANCIAL STATEMENT The treasurer (Mr. Cook) presented the financial statement, which showed that the credit balance was £1105/19/11, after beginning the quarter with a credit of £848/3/11. The President, in moving the adoption of the statement, stated that it was a very satisfactory state of affairs. Mr. Fraser seconded the motion, which was carried. SUBSIDY ON LIME Kangaroo Valley: "That the Central Executive urge the Federal Government to grant a subsidy on all lime used for agricultural purposes." Moved by Mr. Cox, who stated that in the coastal belt lime was essential in pastures and crops, which was actually the basis of the mineral content. He contended that the application of lime should be more general than it was to- day. The application of lime was costly to the farmer. As one interested in farming, he was a big user of lime, having utilised 22 tons on his property only two years ago. In an already depleted soil, due largely to heavy rainfall, lime was essential. Lime also had other uses, including milk production, vegetables, fodder, etc., and was therefore necessary for the human body. Some farmers did not use lime because they did not see its immediate direct benefit, while others were unable to do so because of its cost; but if a subsidy could be obtained for it, lime would be more generally used, with beneficial national results. The cost of lime at Kangaroo Valley was £2 per ton, on top of which was freight, and he used up to one ton per acre, which ran out expensively. Mr. Fraser stated that the executive had considered the matter as a remit from Jamberoo, but had turned it down because they did not consider it worthy of consideration; but after hearing Mr. Cox he had altered his opinion, and now considered it a matter of no small importance. Mr. Noble: To get the full benefit of lime, you must also use super. There is no argument to discriminate between the two. The President: Lime costs only £1 per ton in New Zealand, and freight is free. That is why more lime is used there than here. The motion was carried. Berry: "That the Central Executive urge the Federal Government to take over control of the manufacture of all dairy produce." Mr. Thompson moved. No wonder there was a disparity in the quality of Australian butter and the Danish product, he said. The quality of the butter they had sold to them a few months ago was rotten. It was not fit to eat, and should have been thrown into the sea. It was marked "choicest," and had the Kangaroo brand. N.S.W. for years past had insisted strictly on the buildings and where the butter was manufactured being up to a high standard. They had spent millions of pounds to keep up the highest standard of butter in this State; yet N.S.W. did not get any more for their product than did the other States .where the butter was only pastry butter, but top price was paid for it. Mr. Kellett seconded the motion. The only hope they had of keeping a good market for their export trade was to supply the choicest butter, and while they had such inferior butter as had been supplied by Queensland, they had no chance of getting the overseas consumers to look upon it as the best, he said. Mr. Binks spoke similarly, and added that they should have an organisation on the other side of the world to see that their customers were served with the best Australian butter. It was often said that the Australian butter bought in London was mixed with inferior butter, and was not really Australian butter. The motion was carried. HELP FOR SWAMP ROAD FARMERS Mr. Thompson suggested that the Union should assist in every way possible to give the primary producers a decent road to get their product to market. He sympathised with the Councils as well as the men outback, and thought that the Government should assist the Councils to bring about the improvement in the roads. He spoke particularly of the Swamp Road at Berry. Mr. Walsh agreed with Mr. Thompson, and spoke also of a. swamp road at Jamberoo. Mr. Thompson moved that the Union support the Berry Council in their endeavors to have a good road constructed at Swamp Road. Seconded by Mr. Kellett, and carried. NEXT MEETING Albion Park was fixed as the place for the next meeting, and the President extending the compliments of i the season to the delegates, the meetj ing concluded at 3.15 p.m. 