The Future of Migration: IV Where Can Migrants Be Obtained? ? .» Avenues Australia Should Investigate Now By W.D. FORSYTH, B.A. Where can good migrants for Australia be ? obtained, and from what countries are they willing to come? This question is discussed here to-day by Mr. W. D. Forsyth, B.A., in the fourth of a series of articles on the tutureot migration to Australia. THERE are critics who consider Australia can very well do without any considerable immigra tion in future and that it is unwise to spend money in attracting new settlers. They dispose of the defence argu ment by pointing out that in these days man power is not the chief factor of war, and that instead we should concentrate our efforts on industrial development in order to support an efficient mechanised defence force. They -remind us that although our birth-rate has fallen considerably, we are nevertheless a people of a young average age, and consequently not faced in the immediate future with a high death-rate. Our population, with out any immigration; will continue to increase to between seven and eight millions by about 1970. Again, .they say, State-aided immi gration was costly in the past and might add again to financial difficul ties in the future period of depression. All these arguments are entirely rational, but we have to set against them the fact that aggre&slve; move ments in the world to-day are not begun or controlled or prevented by rational arguments. ? We ? ourselves know that the greater part of Austra lia's vast open spaces .will always re main thinly settled. Nature has de signed them to carry, few animals (in cluding human beings) to the hun dred square mile. ? ' But that is not how It looks on the map to the politicians and militarists of over-crowded European and Asiatic countries. To them we are open to he charge that we are a mere hand ful monopolising but not using to the' full a vast part of the earth's surface. To them it seems just to say that if we do not show constant progress in the numbers of people supported by this continent, we have no right to ex clude people who might wish to try their hands at the job. We are known to have a low birth rate—in fact, less than a replacement rate of population growth— and to the outsider it seems . an axiom that we should encourage the immigration of people who have not enough room in their own countries. LJOW far this resentment at Aus tralia's exclusive immigration policy will carry other nations de: pends upon the course of circum stances in international affairs, but there ,'is no doubt that a move r-;; Australia's part in the direction of in creasing her population by immigra tion would allay the very real resent ment felt' in certain countries. .Australia has thus had to decide whether to take definite steps toward greater population absorption, and naturally we find the indicators of policy pointing in the direction of spe cial encouragement for British settlers. But we have seen that there is good reason to believe that it will be a mat ter of some difficulty and expense to obtain large numbers of British set tlers over a long period in the future. One begins to wonder what other sources of migrants would be -worth exploring if we decided to encourage immigration on any scale. ? During a visit to: Northern .Ireland and the Irish Free State- in the spring of last year I made extensive inquiries concerning the willingness of the people to emigrate. There the whole atmosphere is different from England. Instead of distrust of the very word emigration,, I found: keen interest -in possibilities beyond Ireland. The Irish are born emigrants. There was a saying, reflecting the enormous exodus to America during the last 80 years, that 'Connemara children are born with their faces to the West.' That is changed now, for Irish emi gration to the States slowed down after the war- and turned into a re turn movement during the depression, but it is still true that Irish children are born with their eyes turned to ward other lands. COR the last six years there has been much, emigration from Ireland into England, an emigra tion increasing each year from 5000 in 1931 to 27,000 in 1936. It is still going on from both North and South. The Irish are incurably emigration-minded. ' Throughout Ireland almost everyone I talked to was confident that Irish men could be found to go overseas where there was work to do. Four hundred people left one parish in the first .. nine months of 1936, and the | school population of the district I dwindled until for the first time the school accommodation was more than adequate. This was due to family emi gration, chiefly to England, and not at all to a lessening of the birth-rate. The station-master at a certain Free State country town was suffering from a severe cold, but could not stay in bed because of the continuous stream of people buying tickets to the ports for England. Even the beauty of Kll larney cannot hold her sons and daughters. The president of the Oork Chamber of Commerce, in his annual report, forecasts a continuance of the exodus, in spite of the Free State Government's policy of industrial development, with a view to absorbing the people at home. An agricultural expert with whom I discussed these matters could hold out no hope that the closer settlement schemes would diminish Irish emigration very much. The high rate of industrial develop ment of all kinds in England to-day is a powderful magnet for employees. Undoubtedly this attraction has been felt even as far afield as Australia, which has on balance lost population to Britain for several' years recently. Whether Australia could attract Irish migrants against the pull of Eng land is a difficult question. There has, in point of fact, always been a strong tide of Irish migration into Britain (in the 1936 Free State census report it is calculated that for the last 40 years Irish emigration to Britain was quite half that to America), whereas Irish migration to Australia has de cliined for many years. CCANDINAVIANS are favoured as immigrants by Australians. At the Peaceful Change Conference in Paris in July last delegates from Denmark and Norway told us what great difficulties the closing down of immigration to the United States had created for their countries. The Norwegian delegate especially stressed the necessity for his country of find ing an alternative outlet for thousands of his fellow-countrymen, and a Dan ish delegate was at pains to point out that, although it was true that the im portance of migration in the world economy was decreasing, nevertheless for the time being there was still a serious .need in several countries, in cluding his own, for a relaxation of population pressure by emigration. There are at present, and will for some years be, thousands of young Scandinavians who find it . difficult or impossible to get positions' at home, and almost impossible, because of im migration laws, to enter overseas lands as settlers. As the years go by the population decline which is well under way in those countries will reduce the numbers of young people, and will re move this supply of desirable migrants, but at present there are thousands of young Danes, Norwegians, and Swedes ready to go overseas as permanent set tlers — a source worth investigation by any country bent on adding people of good stock to its population. There is another class of people ready, if assisted, to take risks and work hard to make themselves new homes in which to redeem the wreck ing of their lives by developments of which they are perhaps only the earliest victims — the unfortunates who have been driven from their countries for reasons called political. A million of such refugees are await ng opportunity to-day. A survey of the refugee problem is at present being carried out by Sir John Hope-Simpson, under the auspices of Chatham House, the Royal Institute of International Affairs. Overseas settlement is very present to the minds of the chief and the collaborators of this survey. QERMAN settlers have made their \- mark on Australian history. Unfortunately, it is well-nigh im possible for Germans to emigrate to-day, so strict is the control of German economic life, including regulations against taking money out of the country. Besides Germany, as well as other countries, is alarmed at the trend of her population figures, and in any case recent official pro nouncements as to the duties of Ger mans abroad towards the fatherland indicate caution in considering Ger man immigration. The countries from which almost any number of migrants can be ob tained are the countries of Southern and Eastern Europe.' By a highly efficient system of selection, a country willing to receive people from Poland, Bulgaria, Yugo-Slavia, Greece, Italy, and Spain would ensure that only people of satisfactory type were admit ted. The difficulty to-,day and to-morrow is not to get migrants, but to get migrants of types which are accept able and nationally, profitable. 