SAMPANS IN THE NORTH. (t) PEARLING POACHERS. JAPANESE ACTIVITIES. CANBERRA, January 8. (From our special representative). During the past few months the government has tightened up the regulations dealing with pearling in North Australian waters, -where the operations. of Japanese sampans have been showing increasing activity. Despite the arrest of several Japanese vessels, which were found encroaching upon prohibited areas and taken to Darwin by the patrol vessel Larrakia, vecent reports state that the Japanese have" continued to' operate in the vicinity of the Arnhem Land aboriginal reserve. Further north, outside the threemile territorial limit, many Japanese vessels are engaged—over 100 of them, with "mother ships"—and they are credited with having discovered a valuable new pearling-ground. Within the last week or two complaints have reached the Federal government that the Japanese are now encroaching on the waters of North-West Australia. Not Only have Australian pearlers, with their fleet base in Darwin, found their living dipping away from them, but for other reasons' as well the government takes a serious view of the presence of so many Japanese vessels in the North. In addition to extended patrol operations, it is proposed to utilise the aboriginals in the establishment of a "bush telegrapli" service, in order that the authorities may be kept informed of the movements of foreign vessels. To this end, the co-operation of the mission stations is being sought, and the Defence department has worked out a secret code for the use of the missionaries who are provided with wireless. Thus, any reports passed oh by the aboriginals,. whether by means of smoke signals or otherwise, will quickly be transmitted to the Administrator of the Northern Territory. A Valuable Industry. According to the last annual report of the Northern Territory administration, there are 27 licensed vessels, owned by seven pearling concerns engaged in the industry. The production of shell during the season dealt with in the report amounted to 743 tons, the gross value being about £71,000. The overseas demand for Territory shell was steady during the year. Apart from sales to the United Kingdom, a large percentage of the output was sold in the United States. The season's output was mainly derived from a bed of mother-of-pearl shell some fifty miles north-west of Bathurst Island. This bed is also being worked by a Japanese pearling fleet numbering between 60 and 70 vessels. "These vessels," says the report, "are each of about 30 tons gross, and are serviced regularly by a large motor-ship. The opposition to local pearlers is formidable. The services of experienced Japanese divers for local vessels are hard to obtain in consequence of such opposition. The number of indentured members of pearling crews totalled 238 men, showing an increase of 37. Japanese labour increased by 21 men, Malay labour by 56 men, whilst Koepang labour and that of otjier nationalities decreased by 40 men." Some time ago—after the above report was written—some new pearlshell beds were found between Darwin and Arnhem Land, and the location was kept a secret. It is believed that some of the Japanese vessels violating the regulations have come in to watch the movements of the Darwin fleet in order to discover the wherebouts of the new grounds. * "The Only Excuse." Numerous questions relating to the "menace of the sampans" have been asked in the House of Representatives by Mr Blain, the member for the Northern Territory, and Mr Riordan, member for Kennedy, both of whom have urged the necessity for a more vigilant patrol. A new vessel is now under construction for this purpose— a much faster one than the Larrakia —and with the assistance of aeroplanes and the "bush jtelegraph" service the government believes that the position will improve. §pme months ago the trouble was brought under the notice of the consul-general for Japan, and he conveyed the representations to his government, including the alleged interference with the aboriginal women of Arnhem Land by pjen from Japanese vessels. The government has made it clear that the necessity for sheltering from storms or replenishing, water supplies furnishes the only legitimate excuse for the presence of a foreign vessel in northern territorial waters.. Neyerr theless, Japanese vessels persist in invading these waters. Views of Professor Charteris. The subject of "Sampans and Territorial waters" was discussed by Professor A. H. Charteris, of Sydney, in the last issue of the "Austral-A6iatic bulletin," which is published in Melbourne by the Australian Institute of international affairs, To appreciate the complaint of Australian pearlers against the so-called "poaching" sampans, he said, it was necessary to distinguish between fishing for pearl and trochus and fishing for beche de mer. The latter fruit of the sea is found only on reefs within the normal three-mile limit. The former are never found within territorial waters; but the pearlers .can only keep to the sea for short periods, and require constantly to return to territorial waters for shelter. While it is true, therefore, that the Japanese.'Eampans are on the high seas beyond reach of Australian law while actually engaged in pearling, they can only engage in pearling in the neighbourhood of North Australia by resort to some base much nearer the pearling-grounds than their own homeports. There is reason to believe that many of them use a base in the Dutch East Indies, and it is notorious that they made unauthorised entry into Australian territorial waters, and even into Australian territory in disregard of the requirements of the. immigration, the health and the customs acts, the latter of which prohibits, under a penalty of £100, a ship "to enter any place other -than a port unless from stress of weather or other reasonable cause." (s.59). Under s.-l "port" means "any proclaimed port." Except Darwin, there is none between Cooktown and Broome. A special grievance of the Australian pearler is that his Japanese competitor is pearling with impunity in extensive. areas extending well Into the high seas off the coast of Queensland, in which, by virtue of the pre- Federation pearling act passed by the Federal Council of Australasia and continued in force by s.7 of the constitution act, pearling without license is forbidden "to British ships and boats attached to British ships." The prescribed area extends on the west from New Guinea some 90 miles off the land down to Cooktown, and on the east at the same distance- from the land well down into the Gulf, of Carpentaria. It is only within the last three years that the Japanese, by means of motorsampans with attendant pearlers, have undertaken for themselves the whole operation for fishing for pearl. Previously they had worked as divers for British pearlers or companies, who. under the Pearling Ordinance 1930 applicable to North Australia and its territorial waters, were alone entitled to obtain the requisite "ship licence," although aliens might obtain licence either as "diver" or "diver'3 tender" at a/cost in either case of 10/- per man per annum. The British pearler also required a permit to import Asiastic labour under three years' indenture with the obligation of repatriating the Asiatic employee at the end of the term. These regulations sufficed to create a monopoly for British ships of pearling within territorial waters in North Australia; and they would still suffice to obtain a conviction against a Japanese pearler if caught in the act oi pearling within those limits. But outside thoss lmits the regulations cannot affect foreigners. The anomaly created by Queensland sea-areas, closed to Australian and open to Japanese pearlers, closely resembles the situation prevailing in the Moray Firth in Scotland, which gave rise in 1906 to the well-known case of Movtensen v. Peters. At the instance of the local line fishermen, who complained of the depredations of trawlers, the Scottish Fishery Board, by valid byelaw, issued under the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act 1889, closed the entire vast area of 2,000 square miles to fishing "by beam or otter trawl." To escape the prohibition which applied to British ships, certain of the trawl-owners obtained registration under the Norwegian flag and sent their ships into the Firth. In 1906 the Crown succeeded in enforcing the byelaw against a foreigner by securing a conviction against Mortensen, the Danish master" of a Norwegian trawler, for fishing in the prohibited manner at a point more thaA three miles from land in the Firth. Although the conviction was sustained on appeal, the Crown had a shortlived success, for on the intervention of the Norwegian Minister in London, the executive for reasons of policy decided not to enforce' the statutory penalty. That the "poaching" sampans will receive support from the Japanese government in complications arising from unauthorised entry into Australian territorial waters is improbable, says Professor Charteris, since Japan herself is a staunch upholder of the three- mile limit. Any claim to waters beyond that limit would amount to annexation of the high seas, and could only be made effective by international agreement. Claiming the age of 137, a peasant named Bozo Labowitsch has died at Misch, near Belgrade. He took part in seven wars and served as a volunteer in 1914, although he was then more than 100. He had 25 medals and decorations. Quarterly averages of the 10 Australian trading banks to December 31 show deposits and advances at a record. The excess of deposits over advances is £39,768,0.0—a high margin. The position of the Australian money market can be termed "easy " 