Our Sydney Letter # THE WAGES TAX It is expected that, an announce ment will he made shortly by the Premier that his promise at the elec tions to reduce the Wages Tax has been kept. The announcement of the reduction, however, will not cause much joy among the payers of the tax. Again It will he on a sliding scale, according to a man's family, and the benefit will he only a mat ter of a penny or two at the most. The Government has discarded all pretence that the money Is for the unemployed, the purpose for which the tax was first imposed, for the main reason that it claims there are hardly any unemployed. The Premier does not intend, however, to sacrifice this easy source of income while he can possibly hang on to it. Nor do these small reductions lessen the in come from the tax very much. The greater number of people in work, the greater the tax. Even with two reductions the Government will be get ting as much as ever from this Iniqui tous tax. THORBY IS UNLUCKY Minister for Defence, Mr. Thorby, I one of the unlucktest men ever to occupy a Cabinet position. . in less than a year this C.P. member has struck more trouble than many Cab inet Ministers have in a lifetime. Air mail delays, R.A.A.F. crashes, and now the flying boat trouble have all been laid at his door. The metropoli tan press is attacking him as no other Cabinet Minister has been attacked for years. Whether or not Mr. Thorby deserves all the kicks he is getting is, perhaps, a matter for the public to judge, in all fairness, however, the conclusion is inescapable that the Minister cannot be held solely to blame for everything that goes wrong in matters over which his department happens to have control. It would be difficult to prove that Mr. Thorby is any less efficient than his predecessor, who suffered little more in the way of criticism that falls to the lot of the average Cabinet Minister. So far the criticism levelled at the Minister for Defence has been more destructive than constructive. THE COST OF CARS Some importance is attached to the visit to Australia of Baron von Oert- zen, of Germany, whose expressed in tention it is to establish a market here for the German D.K.W. cars and Diesel trucks. The Commonwealth would derive little, if any, benefit from the trade with Germany, but the fact that two-thirds of the cars are to be manufactured here, only the mechanism being imported, will pro vide more work and more employment in Australia. The D.K.W. is two-cyl- indered and in the "baby" class. It can be manufactured cheaply and turned out at a price within anybody's reach if it were not for the tariff. This, of course, applies to all cars. The average American car costing £350 to £400 in Australia can be turned out for approximately £50 in America and sold there for less than £100 in some eases. With petrol at a few pence a gallon motor transport in the U.S.A. is the cheapest way of getting about. But in Australia buy ers pay for a lot they don't get, and the Federal Government pockets the difference 'after the Customs Depart ment has collected it. Farm machin ery, too, comes into the same cate gory. TOO COLD FOR CRIME Strange as it may seem the cold spell Sydney has been having has practically wiped out crime in the metropolis, according to police re ports. The fact is it is far too chilly for burglars and thugs. The former find it difficult to steal from houses these nights when whole families stay home by the fireside, and thugs can not stand the discomfort of waiting in the cold for victims. In four days last week there was only one theft reported, and that was an overcoat. POPULATION PROBLEM The statement of the Prime Minis ter a few days ago that the Com monwealth Government had no inten tion of beginning schemes of assisted migration from any country other than Britain might, at first glance, seem to be quite in conformity with the White Australia policy. On clos er analysis, however, it does not ap pear to be quite as wise as it sounds. Both Holland and Denmark would welcome migration agreements, simi lar to that which exists between Italy and Australia. The fact is thai about 6,000 to 7,000 Italians are pour ing into Australia yearly, inter-marry ing, and constantly adding to the sterngth of the "Little Italy" they have formed. Both Dutch and Dan ish immigrants would make excellent citizens, and their children would lie indistinguishable from Australians in every respect, which is more than can be said of the Southern Euro peans coming into the country. One of Australia's greatest problems is population, and failing the arrival of a sufficient number of Australian bab ies yearly there are many of the opinion that batches of Dutch, Danish, and even German Immigrants would lie to the benefit of the nation. The language difference would lie removed the Federal Government over Its lin- in a generation. Those who criticise migration policy certainly seem to have plenty of material to work on. NO SOLUTION It is now considered unlikely that the Government will make any amend ment to the existing liquor laws. Ex tension of hours will definitely not he granted, and It is stated in well in formed political quarters that no lounge licenses will he grunted either. This "as you were" position, how ever, does not solve the Govern ment's problem. Every member of Cabinet fully realises that the posi tion must be faced. The Govern ment cannot allow big city hotels to go on serving drinks in their lounges with complete abandon, and with only an occasional raid to remind people that the liquor laws still exist. On the other hand rigid application of these laws would offend too many In fluential people for Cabinet's liking. And so long has the question been before the public that the Govern ment is a little chary of continuing to turn its collective blind eye to the frequent and flagrant breaking of the existing laws. Some support for the Country Party's suggestion for a ref erendum on extended hours or lounge licenses is forthcoming, strangely enough from the State's biggest pro hibition movement, which has a be lief that the public would vote against any amendments to the liquor laws. A referendum is unlikely, however, on the score of expense. It would seem that tlie Government missed a good chance of solving the problem once and for all at the last State elections. A referendum could have been taken with little added cost, and could have been made a non-party question. SUNDAY SPORT The expressed intention of the Premier to bring down legislation dealing with Sunday sport is not tak en as meaning that Sunday sport will be in any way banned in the State. The new legislation will merely clar ify the position and make it an of fence to commercialise sport on Sun day, or to make any charges for ad mission. At present action can be taken only under very old and obso lete laws, but it is intended to make commercialised Sunday sport a police offence in future. Golf, tennis, and other amateur sports played on Sun days will not be interfered with, the Government regarding the religious aspect as a matter for the conscience of individuals. OUR TRAIN SERVICE Faced with growing competition from air passenger services, which so many country people avail them selves of from time to time in order to get to Sydney and back quickly the Railway Department is considering the electrification of many lines to im portant country centres, and the pro vision of modern streamlined trains. This woud cut the present time of journeys almost in half in many cases. The difficulty, of course, is the same old difficulty — shortage of money. With the present govern mental trend towards the socialisa tion of transport the State railways are, perhaps, the best argument against it. Millions in debt and al ways short of money for necessary development there seems, however, to be no valid reason why the railways should not show wonderful profits. The metropolitan lines show, or should show, a fortune. City dwellers are jammed into suburban trains like sardines night and morning. In the hands of private enterprise the rail ways would probably pay astounding dividends. GAINING GROUND Although its present parliamentary strength is small the new Labor Party, headed- by Mr. Heffron, is gaining much ground outside.' The assault on the Lang Labor strong holds on the northern coalfields has commenced and the Industrialists are considered to have a better than even money chance of winning out. A few more defeats will probably he the beginning of the end of Lang. Al ready quite a number of sitting La bor members are quite prepared to move into the other camp as soon as it is to their benefit to do so. Or ganisation of the new party, although not yet in full swing, is very com plete. Lang, of course, is not beaten yet, and he will fight it out to the bitter end. The erstwhile idol of the Labor movement is too firmly en trenched to shift without a long hard battle. The Industrialists are even hoping for Federal intervention in their favour. THAT S.P. PROBLEM The Government is in something of of a "spot" of bother with its pro jected S.P. legislation. Racing clubs and some sporting bodies, including the Rugby League, are naturally keen to have the Bill passed, blaming as they do their falling attendances on to S.P. betting. Cabinet, however, is fully aware of the stormy passage the Bill will have, and the possibil ity of its mutilation in the House or Legislative Council. It is known that various clauses will not be accept able to many U. A. P. and C.P. mem bers, and their opposition to the mea sure in the House cannot be ignored. Many influential people outside Par liament arc also greatly opposed to some of the provisions said to be contained In the Bill. Cabinet is be tween the fat and the . fire. There will be trouble If it does not bring down the Bill and trouble if it doeB. Some of the Ministers wish they'd never beard of it. POLITICAL SPEECHES The outburst in Parliament by the Speaker, Mr. Weaver, who revealed last week that. some members were having their parliamentary speeches written for., them by outsiders at 10/ a time is not without its humour. All the world knows that premiers and political leaders of all shades, includ ing the Prime Ministers, have their policy and campaign speeches written and prepared, for them . by outside publicity men. Few of our politic ians have sufficient native gift of rhe toric to stir the masses, or even great ly interest them. To force meinbei'B to make their own speeches in Par liament without the assistance of script or notes may be a wise move, but it will make many speeches unin telligible, and most of them duller than they are now. 