DUTCH AND DANISH SETTLERS FT is like turning back to an old page of Australia's history to read of the efforts being made by Sir Earle Page to-day to interest Danish and Dutch people in migra tion to Australia. Fifty and sixty years ago there was considerable competition among the Australian States and between Australia and New Zealand to induce set tlers, at least from Denmark, to join and swell the stream of British immigration. Many Danes came to Queensland, bringing their, knowledge and experience of animal husbandry and dairying, and their descend ants are indistinguishable from present day Queenslanders of wholly British stock except when they bear Danish names. The dairying industry both here and in Vic toria, as well as in New Zealand, owes much to Danish pioneering. Dutch settlers have been rarer in this continent, which a Dutchman discovered and which still car ries so many Dutch names marking the features of its coast. As potential settlers in Australia the Dutch have the same ex cellent credentials as the Danes. They' have a close linkage of race, language, and traditions with the British people. England and Scotland have received and assimilated not a few Dutch settlers, and their work in reclaiming the English fens is acknow ledged in every English school history book. There should be no misgivings if Sir Earle Page's representations . succeed in inducing more Danish and Dutch settlers to come to Australia with capital to in vest and farming . skill to apply. Only a small stream of migrants at the best could be expected from Denmark and the Nether lands, which are among the most prosper ous countries in Europe, although their prosperity may have diminished somewhat in recent years. Their combined population is barely more than 12,000,000. While Aus tralia retains the opportunity to make some selection of new settlers who will join with our British kinsfolk in speeding up the task of peopling this great continent it is as well that we should do something to encourage Scandinavian immigration as we did with so much success half a century aso. O*** ? r ? ' ? — - ? ? ?» ? 