ANSWERS J. W. (Boonahl.— The order ol poker value: Is: Straight flush, fours, full house, flush straight, triplets, two pairs, pair, blaze lal one colour), and hlchest card. The blaze I) not always recognised. 'CONSTANT READER.'— If C has no ob jection, and B no longer holds any Interest, there could be no objection to A resuming business. If C objected. It would depend on the terms of the contract. M. A. (Grange!.— Mr. E. J. A. Weller. Build ing Centre, A.M P. Basement, Queen and Edward streets. Brisbane, was the designer. 'ANXIOUS' (New Fnrm).— A pamphlet on squeaking floorboards Is available on appli cation to the Forestry section of the Lands Department. Brisbane. G. C. (Ashgrovo.— (1) Sunlight soap: Household Helps, Ltd., Box 3093V, G.P.O.. Sydney. (21 Velvet soap: Household Helps, Ltd.. Box 3694SS, G.P.O.. Sydney. C. W. A.— If she Is also president. 'Madame President' Is Hie usual form of address: otherwise 'Madame Chairman' Is suitable. N. .1. II. I Brisbane). — They are both good grounds, and which Is the better would be a matter of opinion. That at the Exhibition would require preparation before use. J. C. n. T. (Clarence River, N.S.W.I.— (II lie Is looking at a picture of his son. (21 Yes. 'KISMET' (via Beenlelgh). — An advertise ment in the classified or other sections of The Courier-Mall might be the best way of finding buyers. 'SCRIBE' (Surfers' Paradise).— By arrange ment. 'SCOTLAND' (Yeerongpllly).— A proprietary company Is one with not more than SO share holders. The word proprietary, or private, or some word of similar import, must be Included In the company's title. The major difference from a public company is that a proprietary company Is not required to fur nish so much Information. Including Its balance-sheets, to the Registrar of Companies. 'SAILING' (Casino).— The Corona was on Immigrant sailing ship which arrived at Townsvllle In 1884. Th» Corolla arrived at Brisbane In 1886. W. A. K. (Kedron).— The honorary consu for Denmark is Mr. T. W. Bouchard, Royal Insurance Buildings, 351 Queen Street. Bris bane, who would supply you with Information on learning Danish. There would be few advnntages in Knowing the language In Aus tralia. The honorary consul for Sweden Is Brigadier R. M. Sludart, Webster's Buildings. Marv Street, Brisbane; 'HYMN LOVER' (Valley).— Richard Red head (1820-1901) wrote the hymn 'Rock of Ages' He was a chorister at Magdalen Col lege, Oxford, from 1829 to 1836, and received his musical education there from Walter Vlcary. the. organist. He was organist at Old Margaret Chapel (now All Saints' Churchl, Margaret Street, from 1839 to 1864, and from that year until his death, at St. Mary Magdalene. Paddlngton. His works are written or complied almost exclusively for use In the Church or England. 'CONSTANT READER' (Windsor).— (1) Wallace's line is a boundary line, first pointed out by Wallace, the great authority on ani mal distribution. Isolating the flora and fauna of Australia from the rest ol the world. The region also Includes New Zea land, and all the Malayan and Pacific islands to the east of a deep channel be tween the Islands of Ball and Lombok, whlcli Is the boundary line for plants and nnlmals —'Wallace's Line.' (2i Kllmore's Gap Is a dip In the hills near Kllmore, Victoria. 'INQUIREn' (Aucnenflower). — No offer of a camera has been made. L.n.O — The longest ship to have berthed at Cairns is the Dorsetshire, the 10.000-ton cruiser, which Is 633ft. long. The port could nccommodate a IS, 000-ton vessel without dif ficulty. 'INTERESTED' (Wynnum).— Reading mat ter for Peel Island should be sent to the Secretary, Department of Public Health, Wil liam Street, Brisbane, with i covering let 