Fifty- fifty Letterettes In Fifty Words ? Authors of letters illustrated may s ( obtain the originals of the draw- ) > ings free on application to the Head < < Messenger, Editorial Dept., Daily S s Telegraph. ? Esau Didn't Cut Much Ice This hairy chest dispute gives me prickly heat. Guess these modern Esaus — or eyesores — were mammy's pets. The persistent patting on their domes shifted a goodly amount of hirsute seed, which, descending upon their oriskets, mok root, ana proaucea a maximum harvest of pectoral embroid ery. Anyhow, fresh air Inside the chest is of more imnortance than rank hair outside it.— "His Nibs" (Leichhardt). Those Who Help Themselves Parliament at Canberra only sat 29 days last year, less than one-twelfth of the year. And now I am astounded to see that members have unanimously raised their own salaries to pre-depression rates, also given Ministers various in creases. Surely if we are at the pre- depression level, as they say, the cut ting of taxes should be the first thing, not rises given themselves. I hope the public will not let this thing pass without protest.— "Taxpayer" (Lane Cove). Jazz Babies Jakesey-Wakesey To "Bombo" (Annandale) : In regard to your unpleasant remarks on "Jazz Babies," perhaps it may be jeal ousy on your part, not knowing how to Jazz yourself. I would like to see (or hear about) your baby, with her plain sallow face and knitting needles. Nevertheless, the "Jazz Baby" will do for mine. — "Bombo H" (Leich hardt). Progress — Where From? "Progress," are you aware that the "Ig norant English immigrant and know- alls" of the past built Australia up for the likes of you to enjoy today. Remem ber, it is always the "ignorant" class that build up a country and make all the wealth. The English immigrant worked and toiled in the past before you were born. You show ignorance and bad taste by trying to belittle the English when you say they are a little better than the Dago. — "English Im migrant" (Waratah). Save Us From Our Saviors By curtailing race broadcasts the Gov ernment will force working men to go to the racecourse. I can have a lot of fun SP. betting at home on 10/, but if compelled to go to'the races, I must have £2 or £3. So who is going to suffer?— "Mug Punter" (Wollongong). Why Waste Sunday? « To "Hannibal" and his ilk: 1 reason for Sydney Sunday dullness is that people allow wowsers to dictate to them. Only last week one complained of an airplane flying on Sunday at Mosman. It is about time sensible people had a little clean sport on a Sunday. Overseas they do this, why not us? Very few go to church, and idleness makes sin.— McE. (Strath fleld.). Noisy Minorities Sudeten Germans "are clamoring to live under the Nazi regime. Would some Sydney German tell what is against them packing up their belongings and dribbling over the frontier to rejoin their folk as the easier way out in stead of embarrassing the Czechs? In cidentally, what would have happened to the Polish or Danish minorities had they given the old Imperial Govern ment similar trouble before the War? I have had a taste of oppression in Germany, I can well imagine the "medicine." — J.M. (Strathfleld). Making Conversation I agree that elderly people have lost the gift of conversation.- Older women nowadays seem to gossip about nothing else but housework, shopping, dinner, or the baby — that is, when the sub ject is not their latest operation. As" for discussing cultural things like music and dancing, they don't know Bing Crosby from Fats Waller or the Big Apple from the Stomp.— "Pippin" (Annandale). Home, Sweet Home I am 18 years old and earning 35/ a week. Out of it my mother takes 30/, even then says 5/ is too much for me. Iam allowed out one night a week, and I can't bring any friends home without my mother makes a scene. What should I do? Please tell me, as I can't stand it much longer.— "Kept at Home" (City). Keep Kurnell Klean On "No Cars at Kunieil": I suggest that your correspondents are disgruntled Kurnell ratepayers. Sir. Thomas Bavin is right. We do not want Kurnell in vaded by motorists who make an un mitigated nuisance of themselves, sow ing their paper bags, ice cream con tainers, and fruit peelings. If unwise people will acquire property in iso- . lated places like Kurnell, they should not then expect Shire Councils to pro vide means of access for them. — F.M. (Sutherland). We're Round The Corner — Now What? I noticed "Unemployed Shopgirl's" par. Well, what is the Government going to do? I am a young man, 23, willing to have a go at anything for the basic wage. I can't get the dole or relief work because my father Is working. When I look for work they say, "You're not a returned soldier, are you? No? Are you married? No? Oh, well, nothing doing!" They have a scheme now to absorb some of us. But the number they will take is limited. We young men, and young women also, have a bright future, hayen't we?.— "D.C." (Auburn). Meaning The Baby, Flathead I quite agree with you "T," of Woy Woy. I had the same experience. I bought a bag of prawns at La Perouse for bait and I found a young flathead about two inches long amongst them. There was no mistaking it, with its black eyes and large mouth, even though, like yours, it was a creamy, transparent color.— "Fisherman" (Enfield). Jazz Hubsand "Bombo" (Annandale): What price my Jazz husband? After hoofing. around with his jazz baby, arrives nome at 1.30 a.m. Has breakfast, dinner, and tea in bed. Sleeps or reads rest of day. Wakes at 9.30, as I retire in a room full of stale smoke and cigarette butts, and nags till 12.30 aun. Would like his jazz baby to change places for a while, and she could wait on him, look after his home, and three children, and help him celebrate "Mother's Day." — "Scorpio's Wife." Insult To A Noble Horse So this is what things have come to. Lucy, the army horse, serves her coun try with the true devotion of her kind. In return she is going to be turned into animals' food, an insult to any horse when, for a few shillings a week and a few acres of ground, she could be kept in peace for the last few years of her life. They wouldn't miss it, with all the thousands they scrounge from the taxpayers. And they talk of British Justice.— "Indignant" (Enfield). 