Dutch, Americans t And Danes For Northern Areas PAGE TO MAKE MIGRANT SURVEY The Minister for Com merce (Sir Earle Page) will make a special migra tion survey of northern districts. He will seek to. determine how many foreign farmers can be ab sorbed in that area. Sir Earle Page said yesterday that he would begin his investigation about February 14. ' ' Already Danish and Dutch represenr tativcs have visited Australia to in vestigate for themselves the possibility of settlement. : . ' .V ' "X am going to- go through the north ern districts, inquiring from local bodies just what they can offer to desirable immigrants," saidf Sir Earle Page yester day. " Migrants For North He will ask the Federal Government to encourage immigration of northern European and Western American farm ers. "There are swamp lands around every northern river," he said. "The Dutch, with their special know ledge of reclaimed land, would be able to develop and use these. "Then there are hilly lands, second- class areas, which can be scientifically developed. "Countries in Europe are interested. "We must be able to give them specific facts— to tell them how many men can be taken in each section.' ' Much To Offer "The disturbed conditions in Europe have made many people — and I don't mean actual refugees— look for safer countries outside. ... ... "Australia has much to offer, and I am hoping that my sectional survey will be only the first of a number to be under taken in many other parts of Australia." It is known that Sir Earle Page will suggest to Cabinet that sons of Western American farmers should be encouraged to emigrate to Australia. Most of them have been trained at American agricultural colleges, but, be cause of the thoroughly- developed state of the western lands, have little scope for the application of their knowledge. "European Governments have been in terested enough to send committees to Australia to see what we can offer, and we should make a firm bid for their de sirable emigrants," said Sir Earle yester- dav. .. ' ' ;; 