When RAGES MINGLE' MMMUIIIItHltinillllllltjllllHIIMIIIIIIIinililllllllllinilllllllimHilhlHIIHtlllllltHIIIIIIHIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItllllltllllfHIIIIIIIIMtllMIIIIIHIItllHIIIHIHIIHIIIIIIIlllllHllin : By Dean Inge . I SAID recently, in writing about the Jews, that the German political slogan of race and blood is unscientific balderdash, since there are no pure races. Even the Jews, who have been estranged from their neighbours in their adopted countries by religion and by persecution, are very much mixed, and the Germans are not eyen predominantly Nordic. . The greatest advances in civilisation have been made by the fusion of two cultures. The ' ancient Greeks aye on® example; the Christian Church is another: '.. ' . . /OPINIONS differ ns to whether mixed " marriages are. desirable ITie child ren often start with.a disadvantage like the Eurasians .(now. rather, absurdly called Anglo-Indians) In India and the mulattocs in North America. On the other hand, the beauty of the quad roons (one-quarter negro) used to bo celebrated, and some experts speak of \- "hybrid vigour." The theory is that for one or two generations the offspring 01 miscegenation is more energetic than either of the parents. t v The general opinion Is that while the eugenlst would look with approval on the marriage of - an Englishman and an Italian, or a German nnd a Jew, the mixture of two very different racial types, such as the -European and the negro, Mongolian, or aboriginal Aus tralian, should not be encouraged. The most extraordinary melting-pot irP the world is Hawaii, where the natives of the Sandwioh Islands mat© with whites of every nation, and with Chinese and Japanese. The results, judging from photographs, are decidedly pleasing; but the Polynesians, wherever they came from, are not very unlike Europeans. _ The children of white New Zealan- ders and Maoris arc splendid men phy sically as we saw when a team of athletes, most of them half-breeds, visited, this country, But the refugees whom ' we have always welcomed to our shores have belonged to kindred stocks, and If we can find room for them there is not the smallest reason why we should not re ceive them. 'Even the Jews, who are sometimes, by no means always, "recog nisable , as aliens, make good citizens. They seldom come on the rates, and many of them have won distinction in science, literature and administration, as well as in commerce. UNUSUAL STRENGTH vnmtimimmifiimitimiHrmntmiiiimmmimifmmimim BRITAIN ' has been successfully Invaded again and again. The Celts, who, contrary to the usual opinion, were akin to the Teutons, mingled -Svith the dark " Mediterranean " people whom they found in possession. The Romans left very few traces of Italian blOfld. ':'! The Roman armles'under the empire were not made up of Italians; the legions quartered in Britain sometimes came from Spain; the men'doubtless took British wives. The Saxon and Danish conquests were a very different affair- there was a rcnl displacement of population; probably the majority of the Britons were killed or driven off by the English, who in thoir torn had reason to pray. "From the fury of the Northmen, good Lord, dc- .Uver us." Tho Normans, a blend of Scandi navians and Gauls, were a very fine race, but William's army brought very few women, and the "Norman blood" of which Tennyson SDCaks was very much diluted. , Since then there has been no hostile immigration, though some Cornishmcn, oddly enough, like to imagine lhat the shipwrecked sailors of the Spanish Armada found favour with .Cornish girls. These unfortunates, In point of feet, wore given no opportunity of dis playing Uieir seductive manners. But there has been friendly immigra tion on a fairly large scale, and we have profited greatly b" it. Henry I, imported colonies of Flemish weavers, who taught our people , to, make the coarse woollen cloth called frieze, and Edward III. brought in more of them. Honesty com pels me to add that in 1381 tho mob who murdered the Archbishop of Canterbury and sacked John of Gnunt's London palace massacred all the Flemish weavers whom they could find. Tho great influx of French Huguenots after the revolution of tho Edict of Nantes is well known. Men who are willing to go into banishment for their religious opinions are likely to have un usual strength of character, and there can be no doubt that. Louis XIV. ex pelled some of the best of his subjects. Books hove been written about the after history of the Huguenot families. It is an astonishing record. The only parallel that I know is the history of the descendants of- the Pil grim Fathers in the United States A large percentage of tho most distin guished Americans trace (heir descent £om the pilgrims on the Mayflower, though some scepticism is perhaps justi fied. The Mayflower was not quite as lofge as the Maurctania, Well, we are now welcoming <a large number of refugees from Germany, and asmallcr number from Russia. Hitler is imilatjng our Edward I„ who after encouraging the Jc-vs to lend money at staggering rates of interest, bled them white by every kind of cruelty, and then banished them. Cromwell brought them back; but as late as 1753 there was England0 reak of ant'-Somitlsm in FOREIGN SCIENTISTS in imiimNmiiiiiNiiimmmtmmiiiiiiiHii THE victims of Hitler's persecution seem to be mainly intel lectuals. The French; revolu- tionaries guillotined Lavoisier on the ground that "the Republic . has . no need: of ; chemists," and the Nazis seem to be of the same opinion. There are said to be 'more than 300 ".foreign scientists now' in the British Empire, most of /them In England. Five- of them are Nobel prizemen for science. Care must be taken not to reveal the identity of these eminent men, some of whom probably have relatives who might come , under the lash ot . the secret police in Germany. Bqt It Is said that they include at least one leader in cancer research, and one who helped Germany enormously dur ing -the war by discovering how' to extract nitrogen from the atmosphere. Another, not a German, I think, has studied the migrations of fish. Another has advanced the processes of making synthetic rubber and sugar. Another is associated with the new discovery of "heavy water," from which great things arc expected by scientific chemists. Another is buBy with low temperatures; he 'has nearly achieved the absolute zero, equals 273 Centi grade, at which nothing moves any more. Such a galaxy of imported talent . ought to give our country the first place in experimental science. That these men are grateful to their hosts, and eager to do their best for the country that has welcomed them, need not be doubted. The greatest of them all, Einstein; has found refuge in America. FATAL OBJECTION ; miimtimimiiimtiiiii!ii!iiiiiiiiiiimnimiiiiiiiiiiinimiiiimmtmiimiiiii IS there sudh, a thing as collective in sanity? I am utterly bewildered by the orgy of callous cruelty and senseless persecution which has broken out since the war, in Russia, Spain, Germany .and other countries. tI must leave it to wiser . men to find a rational explanation of it. all ; I do not understand it." At any rate there s no doubt about the facts. , The horrors that are going on are worse than anything that has appeared in print. Innocent people are being murdered every day by the secret police, and torture is regularly applied In the concentration camps. The relief of the poor victims, who have escaped from this Inferno is piteous to see. Can we say that - such a state of things Is too bad- to last? The aver age citizen of a totalitarian State is a decent enough fellow, certainly not a cruel monster. True enough; but he cannot call his soul his own. There is no escape from modern tyranny. The fatal objection to State Social- Ism or State Capitalism (they are the same thing) Is that it makes the Gov ernment omnipotent. Every man's life, liberty and livelihood are at the \- mercy of - some official. As Herbert Spencer eald, "Socialism will mean slavery, and the slavery will not be mild." The Government mayor may not wish to relax the reign of terror, but It does not dare to do it. As the Chinese proverb says, "He who rides on a tiger can never dis mount." Many Germans, alas, are wishing for war as their only chance of deliverance. 