C"- By Malcolm Uren «~ 1 CHAPTER VIII. Landing the Water-Con's Adventure-Isolated-Driftwood and OySters-A Bird Sanctuary-Coral, Cruel and Lovely. T^HE terns woke Bruce and Bruce woke us and after breakfast coffee plans for the day were made. On the top of the list was the land- ing of the water supply. The parched look of the island had powerfully re- minded us of W. W. Trigg's admoni- tions concerning the urgent necessity for our water supplies to be adequate. He had hoped that the tank at the side of the hut would be holding water. It was not. Some criminal vandal had used the tank as a target and there was a row of bullet holes about one foot from its base. Such men deserve to suffer from thirst. i With only a small dinghy for trans- port the job of landing 44 gallons of water in a drum presented some diffi- culties. We accepted Bob Carlberg's advice to float the barrel in and a long line was brought ashore in the dinghy and the drum heaved overboard from Suomi. The combined strength of four men hauled it in shore with ease, but, without tackle, the job of man-handling it to the hut was con- sidered to be not worth the additional convenience, so the drum was dragged above high water mark and there re- mained a lone reminder that we would have carefully to preserve its contents. How we did so will appear later. While we had been bringing the drum ashore the Bird Bloke had de- parted northwards in search of that other eagle's egg. He had been brought ashore by Con, the third member of Suomi's crew. To the casual observer Con would be marked down for his handsome Nordic features and the fact that his bottom, like his head, seemed always to be uncovered. Con had a history as well as a very ingratiating manner with him. Con was a Dane, an adventurous Dane. He is still both, despite the thin veneer of Australian idiom that marks his speech. He set out to see the world as a mess boy on a Danish ehip. That ship called at Bunbury and when the ship sailed the ship's company lacked a mess boy. What was more important to the master of the ship than the loss of his mess boy was that his owners were liable to for- feit £100, the amount payable if a pro- hibited immigrant lands in Australia. Con was a prohibited immigrant be- cause he was a Dane and a seaman, and was not possessed of the necessary landing permit and money. The master reported his loss to the police authorities and the police were on the look-out for a fair-headed young boy of 16 who could speak little or no English. They found him a few days later in Leederville, which is over 100 miles away from Bunbury. Con kept his own counsel as to how he got there. When presented before the Court, Con had no defence. That he realised. Also he had no wish to be deported. This he made clear as best he was able.- He wanted to stay in Western Australia, a sentiment which West Australians will heartily commend. That winning way of his found him friends who offered to become respon- sible for him so that he would not be- come a charge on the State. On that undertaking he was discharged. How Con got from Fremantle to Geraldton, 350 miles north, is also hid- den behind his friendly smile. He has a way with him that permits him to travel quite inexpensively. Now he is cook and deckhand on Suomi. Reg- inald, who was the oriiy one in the party in a position to know, said that he was a good cook. Con rather despised the Bird Bloke. His conception of a day's fun did not include the collection of eggs-unless the eggs were to be eaten. That was! a different matter. Therefore he curtly declined to accompany the Bird I Bloke on his northern ramble, prefer- ring to yarn with the party at the hut until the amateur ornithologist re- turned. At noon Suomi was under sail. Two j hours later we were in isolation. Suomi had sailed north and probably ! propinquity pulled us in that direction for our first walk on our island. The ! beach route was the easiest, so we chose that. The beach, we soon dis- j covered, was not composed of sand, but of myriads of minute shells pounded to pieces and bleached white by the action of wind, wave and sun. Here and there was a dash of colour as some comparatively new arrivals tinged the general whiteness. Driftwood lined the shore. . . . Here is a box with the name of a well known brewery on it. . . . Here is a ! long piece of white wood, soggy with water. .. . Here ls a bit of a spar. .. . Any of this flotsam could be clothed with a story of raging seas and souls in distress. Here ls a. hatch cover. This parti- cularly tempted the imagination, for out on the reef the boiler of the steamer Windsor rose high, a gaunt reminder of a recent sea tragedy. People had walked around the reef to the Windsor; so would we that very afternoon. "OystersI" suddenly yelled Reginald. The pack rallied like hounds. Reginald again gave tongue. "Look at them," he said. "This will be the first occasion In my life upon which I will be able to have as many oysters as I can eat." There were many other occasions and Reginald, among others, did jus- tice to all of them. Our walk had led us in a segment of a circle and had disclosed that Pelsarf Island was lit^e more than 400 yards across at its broadest point and nar- rowed to about 30 or 40 yards in some parts. Along the western shore there were occasional outcrops of weathered limestone with sharp edges that thrust themselves into our shoes. Water had undercut these outcrops' and their shade was the only shelter from the sun the island appeared to offer. Be- tween these outcrops stretched the I white shoreline of broken shells. Deciding to walk back overland we struck across the island. Immediately the going was heavy. A low flat bush covered the ground and also covered the scores of nests of mutton birds who j had burrowed into the soft covering of shell to create their desired shelter for the nesting periotL Careful though we were-for none of us wanted to do the birds harm and none of us certainly liked the experience of suddenly slip- ping knee-high into a subterranean nest-we must have seriously disturbed the occupants of the nests along our path. In and out of the mutton birds' underground homes scuttled light bronzed lizards, friendly almost to the point of embarrassment when nature had to be served. Mutton birds and lizards were not the only residents of this area. On the surface in the scant shelter of the low bushes were the nests of terns, primitive affairs with a few pieces of sticks and a few strands of seaweed marking the place rather than giving any nesting comfort. Only a few of these nests were occupied; many were obviously the undisturbed hatching places of pre- vious seasons. * Once we had crossed what was roughly a middle line down the island the growth of bushes suddenly ceased, giving place to a rough highway of old broken coral, so old that it was grey and weathered. As we walked on it it clanked under our feet, giving out metallic sounds slightly varying in tone. A man with an ear for a chord might make a coral xylophone, but it would probably be more notable for its unusualness than its music. The coral appeared to have been laid in terraces, the power for the construc- tion being provided by the rollers that crashed in on the island's eastern shore. These waves, or their predeces- sors of centuries ago, built up the wall of coral until a limit in height was reached, and then began to build an- other terrace at the foot of that already constructed. The new terraces gleamed white in the sun, for the coral had not yet had time to weather. Bruce and John had dropped behind to peer inquisitively into the domestic secrets of sea bird land, and suddenly Bruce dropped on one knee and held up two small objects. They were osprey chickens, small enough but possessed of a peculiarly large and offensive smell, probably associated with the fact that their nest was liberally sprinkled with decayed and decaying fish and pieces of fish put there by attentive parents who might have possessed ad- vanced clinical knowledge on the feed- ing of children but who must have been absolutely ignorant of the ele- ments of baby hygiene. The new tree coral along the east- ern littoral fascinated us. No two pieces were the same. It seemed as if some sculptor had set out to model a masterpiece, and had constantly be- come dissatisfied with half finished pieces, hurling them down disgustedly. Then some apprentice had had his sport with them. Some he had thrown together and fused in a mass of curves and straight lines; others he had sand- papered and polished so that they ap- peared to be diminutive pillars ready to hold up the dome of some tiny fairy palace. And here is the palace! It is a marine palace and it has been built against the dead white background of a small mountain of coral. The external walls are in a pale heliotrope and take the form of a dome, the colour intensi- fying at the top. There is an approach j to what must be the front door-a wide pathway of bright blue that before it ¡ reaches the entrance widens into a I highway. Coral insects, not fairies in- habit the place and. they are artisans and architects. Much bigger organisms build .much less colourful and pictur- esque edifices. This was our first introduction to the beauties of coral. We lingered for a long time at the pool in which it was growing. The promise that gave did much to deaden the despair of disap- pointment that had possessed us when first we landed on the island. This appearance of dingy desertion and flatness might be a disguise. Slowly we returned to the hut, deter- mined that no cursory glance should disappoint us of some new interest. Home again, the matter of fish became the personal inquiry of John and Regi- nald. Equipped with a mass of gear -John always carries a hook to fit every fish and gear to fit every occasion-they put off from shore in the dinghy, for we had been told that skipjack were to be taken a few hundred yards from the shore in the lagoon. In an hour they returned with two small fish and a bad impres- sion of the dinghy. A bountiful larder was sorely tested that night at tea. When every member of the party had finished Malcolm produced a roughly glazed piece of pottery-an ink well of former generations. "This." he said with the same tone of voice that the conjuror uses when he is doing his most mystifying trick, "I picked up on the beach today. It looks very old." Bruce, John and finally Reginald handled the little piece. The first two clung tenaciously to the possibilities. Reginald remained the realist. "The Dutch," he said, "knew nothing of sand [glazing. This '-. sand glazed." Malcolm tossed the piece contemptu- ously into his bag-with his bathers. 