Of Evasion Of Duty LONDON June 30th. Pressure of Eng lish and French diplomacy brought to bear behind hte scenes on members of the Permanent Mandate Commission in Geneva was responsible for the evasion by the Commission of its duty by de claring itself incompetent to make any recommendation on the subject of the Palestine White Paper, according to the report of the Diplomatic correspondent of the “Jewish Chronicle”. The appro val sit Mr. Macdonalds proposals by the Council of the League of Nations con sisting as it does “of Allies and other guaranteed Powers” is, in the opinion of the correspondent, a “foregone con clusion.” “What happened in Geneva,” the cor respondent says, “was largely and roughly this: a bare majority of the Mandates Commission — its Belgian, Dutch, Danish, and Swiss members in particular—showed themselves, in vary ing degrees most emphatically critical of the White Paper policy, and more especially of its constitutional and im migration aspects. These delegates, and others, were fully prepared to report to the League Council that in their view the British Government’s proposals were contrary to either the letter or the spirit of the Mandate. INFLUENCE AT WORK But at this stage the influential for ces at the disposal of Anglo-French diplomacy were brought to bear behind the scenes on the Commissioners, 'both jointly and severally, to persuade them that it would be disastrous to forward to the Council a non-unanimous report or conflicting majority and minority re ports—disastrous to the authority of the Commission, to the efficient working of the Council and to the Western Powers which were defending the principle of the sanctity of treaties, and ready to protect even the central States against a Nazi oppression in the name of inter national good faith and justice. r “From this argument to the further one that, in the circumstances, the Commissioners, instead of disclosing their disagreement, should declare their technical incompetence to make any re commendations on the subject was a. very short step, and a successful one, since unanimity could be found only in an evasion of duty. ..“Thus,” the “Jewish Chronicle” con tinues. “it will now devolve on the lat ter body, packed as it is with Allies and other guaranteed Powers, to pronounce for or against, Mr. MacDonald’s propo sals. What, ini these circumstances, will be their verdict is a foregone conclusion ‘You must not embarrass an ally or a guarantor.’ Considering the Commis sion’s evasion of duty in relation to so gross a breach of a League Mandate, one is tempted to smile at its reputed squeamishness over the retransfer of the Sanjak, over its head or behind its back, from France to Turkey. In fact, Genevan indignation over this is almost as comic as assuredly is Nazi and Fas cist indignation—on the part of the two Governments which have thrown the League overboard, and, it would seem, cannot comprehend or sympathise with treaty revision by pacific methods.” 