KING WHO WORKED 17 HOURS A DAY Warring Balkan States Are Now Good Friends By M. ROGER MADOL Those who imagine that kings do little work will be un deceived by this interview with the King of Greece. He ad mits that his workday of 1 7 hours is too long, and that he hopes to be able to reduce it to 12. He gives a picture of the unity among the Balkan States, which has replaced their /former con stant wrangling. The King of Greece does not gene rally give interviews. His duty as a constitutional monarch has always made it difficult for journalists to ap publication of a conversation with the writer on the present situation in the Balkans. It took place during His Majesty's recent visit to London. The King may have considered his trip to Great Britain as a kind of holiday. Still, Royal holidays gene rally mean considerable business, even when things are slack. But George II. could not have expected how serious a crisis would arise in wdrld politics when he left Athens three months ago. He came back to Browns Hotel, in Dover street, London, where he had passed the latter years of his exile, in the same modest manner as he had left it, to return on his throne. Nothing in the quiet and distinguished place in Dover street betrayed the pre sence of a King. One could notice no kind of unrest so often felt at centres of high politics. The King received me with his ac customed amiability. There was not, neither in his manner nor in the at mosphere around him. anything hectic or nervous; but his grave words showed clearly enough how earnestly he realised the seriousness of the pre sent European situation. 'Some 30 years ago,' said the King, 'people used to call circumstances 'baltanic' if they were chaotic in an extreme degree. Our peninsula was considered as an eternal source of un rest. I think that things have changed quite a lot since then. How do we appear in the present situation? I think that today we people from the Bal kans could give a different example to proach him. But he has authorised the the world. Haven't we solved our problems and conflicts in an entirely peaceful way* . . . When I returned to Greece, after nearly 15 years of ab sence, I still had in my mind the old picture of nearly 500 years of enmity between Greeks and Turks. It was like this— it seemed as if a Greek and a Turk when they met had only one movement — to seize their knife or their pistol! And how do we live now? In complete mutual understanding. I can say that our frontier against Tur key is not even guarded. And further, we came to an understanding with Bulgaria. The agreement of Salonika has put an end to the years of open hostility, and what some people con sidered as impossible is now reality. We are friends with these neighbors, too. During the last crisis the Balkan Union was perfectly united in her preparedness for war. We are one nation of 70 millions, and the army we could send to war would be of five million soldiers.' The King of Greece has grown a little thinner since he returned to his throne — his features are sharper. He has lost nothing of his juvenile agility, but ex perience and the responsibilty of his high position have' marked and moulded his face. 'I have worked 17 hours a day,' said the King, '?together with Metaxas, so difficult whs our task. We must see if we cannot manage with twelve in the future, not that our problems have diminished. Unfortunately one cannot say that, and unfortunately, too, we cannot find a real understanding for our struggle in Western Europe.' The King did not wish to go further into politics. He merely discussed the economic situation of his country, though difficulties in that way are identical with the nolitical ones. 'Greek products,' continued the King, 'are alas, for a large part articles of luxury, tobacco, wine, oil, currants, and so on. We must see that even in time of crisis we are able to sell them, and in a way as to be able to keep one foreign currency.' As necessary as machines are for Greece, it is understandable that she cannot live on exchange. King George is, as is known, also Prince of Denmark, and even if he hardly understands more of his grandfather's language (the first King of Greece, George I., had been a Danish prince) there is still very much in his features that reminds one of the Danish Royal house. 'I would like to pay a visit to the old country before very long, because I always feel a little bit like a Dane,' he said. 'Unfortunately today one can care for very little more than one's own business — which does not mean that I do not follow the events of other countries too. Is Scandinavia as united and capable of defending herself as the Balkan Union? Unity, both in the north and in the south, is absolutely essential in our time.' The King spoke at length about the Greek Renaissance. This country, which he found so extremely lacerated ? Dy interior struggle when he came back to Athens, this country which had to digest an immigration of more than a million of her own citizens from Asia, did she show intolerance to her own numerable Jewish minority? 'There is no such problem in Greece,' the King said. 'Our very many Jews — Sephardim, who once came from Spain, and live chiefly in Salonika, a large number of them farm hands and dockers— are by all means considered to be Greeks and are well liked. There are not many wealthy people amongst them — most of the bankers went abroad. I per sonally entertain, exactly as my grandfather did, friendly relations with the former Chief Rabbi of Salonika, who is nearly a hundred years old. A few weeks ago I even got a telegram from the Jewish World Council, congratulating me n such conditions.' King George of Greece personally gives orders to two soldiers during army manoeuvres in Macedonia. 