WHO FOLLOWS THE PIONEER? Minister of Lands Perplexed The Minister of Lands (Mr. Lind) has received an unexpected response from his electorate as a result of the inadvertent publication last week of some unguarded remarks which he made about land sattlement, says "The Age." He declared that foreign settlers, notably southern Europeans, were succeeding in Victoria on their merits and outstripping the native-born. Since he said it he has received nu merous letters from pioneer farmers and graziers of Gippsland, applauding his utterance. Mr. Lind explained that he did not complain of the success of the south European settlers. They were hard workers and made good without any assistance from the State--so good luck to them. His complaint was that the Australians were not succeed ing, and that there was not enough British migrants. The initiative in land settlement appeared to have pass ed to the foreigners. The time had come when Victoria should tackle afresh the problem of new population and development of the land. HARD WORK FACTOR. There was no special secret, he sug gested, about the means by which the southern European migrants succeed ed on the land. They worked hard, early and late, saved their money, and invested it in a small holding. Here they lived, raised families and pros pered. That, after all, was the spirit of the pioneers. Asked whether he considered Dutch, Danish and Scandinavian im migrants would be welcome, Mr. Lind said he should speak guardedly, otherwise he might be accused of boasting. His own father was a Dane. Without answering the question di rectly, he could briefly recount his fa ther's experience. Mr. Lind, sen., took up a Crown grant of 320 acres on lease near Charl ton. The odds were too great. By the time he realised that there was no chance of success until the railway came and there was an assured water supply, he had acquired an Australian wife and family. These, including the future Minister of Lands, were bundled into the tip dray with a few personal belongings and taken more than 300 miles across country by bush roads to Bairnsdale, where there was an almost assured rainfall. While Mr. Lind, sen., did not live to experience the prosperity which he envisaged, his. sons and grandsons did. They were still expanding their land interests in Gippsland. - Asked for some support for his con tention that the native-born were not succeeding, Mr. Lind said that recent ly he had refused more than 300 appli cations from his own constituents for forest relief work. He knew that most, of not all, of these men could find pri vate employment if they cared to look for it. Farniers were complaining that they could not get men as long as the Government offered the basic wage for relief works on the "Government stroke." Recently he advertised unsuccess fully seven times in his private capa city for contractors to clear 25 acres of bush for the plough. 