Mandate Com LONDON June 30th. Pressure of Eng lish and . French diplomacy brought to bear behind hte scenes on members of the Permanent Mandate Commission in Geneva was responsible for the evasion by the Commission of its duty by de claring itself incompetent to make any recommendation oil the subject of the Palestine White Paper, according to the report of the Diplomatic correspondent of the ‘.‘Jewish Chropicle’’^ The appro MacfloiMailjas proposals by the c(f the League of, Nations con $4*188 4® it. does “of. Allies^, and, other gpar$ntee»d Powers’* is, in the . opinion of the correspondent, a “foregone con clusion,’,' .‘‘^f^t,.happened in Geneva,” the cor *e$pdhcfqht says, ‘<was largely and roughly thl^;; a .bare majority of - the Miu^d^tesj: Cpmm^e^lop: its Belgian, p\itchf .Danish, mid $wiss, members in particular--—Showed themselves, in vary tag Mgx&ifi; most emphatically critical df the white Paper policy, and more especially of its , constitutional and im migration aspects,, These delegates, and Others, were, fully prepared to report to theJ^eague Council that in their view the Bmish Government's proposals were contrary to either the letter or the spirit of the Mandate. INFLUENCE AT WORK But at this stage the influential for ces at the disposal of Anglo-French diplomacy were brought to bear behind the scenes bn the Commissioners, both jointly and severally, to persuade them that: It would he disastrous to forward to the Council a non-unanimous report or Conflicting majority and minority, re ppits—T-disastrous. tp thp authority, of the Cbrnmissipn, to the efficient working of the Council and to .the Western Powers which, wer.e defending the principle of the sp-nctity of treaties, and ready to protect even the central States against a Nazi oppression in the name of inter national good faith and justice. “From this argument to the further one that, in the circumstances, the Commissioners, instead of disclosing their disagreement, should declare their technical incompetence to make any re commendations on the subject was a. veyy shprfc step, and a successful one, since unanimity could be found only in an evasion of duty, ..“Thus,” the “Jewish Chronicle” con tinues,; “it yviU now devolve on/the lat ter body, packed as it is with Xilibs hud other gU'ai*$£iteed Powers, to pronounce for Or agaiiibt, Mr. ^acppridld’s propo sals,, What, ip thb% circjimstances, will be their Verdict ik a .fdrdgone; conclusion ‘You nthst hot', embarrass ah ally or a guarantor.’ Considering the Commis sion's evasion, of duty in i;elatiori to so gross a brea.dh pf a League Mandate, one Jg tempted to srpile at its reputed squeamishbess over the retransfer Of thO Sanjak, over its iiea,d or behind its back, from France bo Turkey. In fact, Genevan indignation over this is almost as comic as assuredly is Nazi and Fas cist indignation—on the part of the two Governments whichsb;&Ve; thrown the League overboard, ahd; it would seem, cannot comprehend or sympathise with treaty revision by pacific methods." 