EUROPEAN WAR GEKAIAN REVENGE London, Dec. 20. British, reports state that a cotal of 25 British vessels have been attacked J>y German planes, in tlie l'^ rLh Sea since Sunday, but not all were sunk the vessels were mostly defenceless trawlers. » V T BERLIN VERSION A Berlin communique today said that as far as was ascertainable fojn more vessels belonging to the British light naval forces were destroyed by bombs, and that during a reconnaissance flight over the North Sea, Ger man Air Force planes have destroyed 23 patrol vessels in the past three days. * > • REPORT FROM OSLO A report from Oslo, today, stated that a German war plane sank the British trawler . "Trinity," while fishing close to Norwegian waters and a Danish ship picked up the sur vivors, who said the plane, after bombing the ship to pieces, machine gunned the crew struggling in th water. m * ' » WESTERN FRONT STJDDEN ACTIVITY London, Dec. 20. A. French war communique announc ed, last night, marked activity by contact units on the Western Front during the cay. Four German raids, between *he Wpselle and ths Vosges, yesterday, were repulsed. Heavy artillery broke up one attack and a German company was forced to retire in confusion, leaving arms and material behind. * « » FINNS HOLD OUT It is reported from Oslo, this morning, that heavy snow storms are raging over the entire northern front in Finland, and the opposing armies are immobilised, visibility being reduced to three yards. Before the weather broke the Finns were retreating from Pitkarjavi, under heavy Russian pressure, and had fired the town before crack Russian motorized troops began to pursue the Arctic highway. - It is stated that Russia's nuge reserves are beginning to tell, while the Finns have few in reserve and women 1 volunteers are operating in the base lines to release men for the front The Finns believe they can hold the Mannerheim line and the Mannerheim line in Lapland, which the Russians -have not yet reached. Soviet bombers yesterday raided Helsinki, Habko, ViipUri, - Tammetfors, Turku and other towns in South ern Finland. ' Helsinki' reports that a Finnish coastal battery at Bjorko sand the Russian battleship "Oktiabrskaya Revo'utia," which anchored out of the known range of the coastal guns; but the Finns brought up heavier artillery and fired a salvo which sank the battleship, which is . of 23.255 tons and is armed with twelve i'J inch suns. MORE SCUTTLING London, Dec. 20. The Admiralty an.i * • ic^d tr.Is morning that the German liner "Columbus" (32,565 tons), one of the first fifteen liners in the world had fesen set on fire by her crew 400 miles off Bermuda, on sighting a Bri tiah warship, and that the crew aban doned her. The "Columbus" was built at Danzig for the North German Lloyd line! in 1922. A week ago she was lying in Anton Lizardo Bay, 3n the Gulf of Mexico, and it was reported on December 14 that she had Balled with 25,000 barrels of oil and special gear for refuelling subznarinep. * * * ANOTHER SHIP RUNS New York reports that the new German freighter "Aracua," fleeing from a British cruiser, took refuge, yesterday, in a Florida port. This, and the scuttling of the "Columbus" has brought the war closer to Germans living in America. Thousands of Germans gathered in bars last night to discuss the latest setback to the Reich. There was consternation in the North German Lloyd office, when the news was received. "Oh! my God!" said the manager, Mr. Jolut Sdhroeder, '."f- one blow after another." The "Columbus" was nQt arm'3d, and he believed the crew would be entitled to remain indefinite ly in the United States. * * * FRENCH SUCCESSES Paris, Dec. 19. The Minister! of Marine announced, tonight, that the French navy had sunk two more submarines, one of which was accredited to the "Siroco," whose tally is now three. v * * SWISS REPORTS ON NAVAL BATTLE Zurick, Dec. 20. Well informed circles confirmed the damage to the German cruiser "Bluechex ' by a British torpedo. GERMAN COMMANDER SUICIDES London, Dec. 20. Messages from Buenos Ayres states that Captan Hans' Langsdorff, commander of the German- pocket battleship "Admiral von Sp:o" shot him self dead with 'a revolver last night. Captain Langsdorffa body was found this morning at an immigrants hotel, In a letter he said he had decided to share his ship's fate, but had postponed suicide until satisfied of his men's safety. * # » FATE OF CREW Buenos Ayres, Dec. 19. The Government issued a decree authorising the internment of Captain Langsdorff and the "Admiral von Spee's" officers and craw. The authorities are also guarding the German liner "Tacoma" (8,268 tens) which accompanied the "Admiral von Spee" out from Montevideo on her last journey. She is alleged to have on board valuable in struments taken from the "Admir-il von Spee," including gunfiiir.g mechanism. 1 • Tacoma's" ritvn- e n.ent is still being considered. MORE OF COLUMBUS CREW REACH AMERICA New Yorkj Dec. 21. The United States cruiser "Tus caloosa" arrived in New York yesterday with 579 . members of the crew of the. German liner "Columbus" (32,565 tons) which left Mexican waters on December 14, and was set on fire and abandoned on -Tuesday, when challenged by a British destroyer, 400 miles north of Ber muda. The Germans were taken to Ellis Island, where the immigration authorities ruled they were distressed seamen and entitled, therefore, to enter the United States legally with out visas. They, must, however, be shipped to a foreign, country in sixty days. The captain of the "Columbus," Wilhelm Daehne, who was interned in Australia during the last war, said that when the British destroyer appeared at 2.30 pjn. last Tuesday and ordered the "Columbus" to stop he gave the general alarm, for which the crew had been drilled. Ths ship was then fired and scuttled. The- crew of 579 took to the boats and were taken aboard an American cruiser. STALIN'S BIRTHDAY ARMY'S PRESENT ABSENT London, Dec. 21. Whatever promises the Russian army leaders may have mad©, Finland is not among the presents received today by Stalin on this 60th birthday. Observers agree that the terrific Russian offensive, last Tuesday, against the Finnish Mannerheim line on tl.e Karelian Isthmus, and main taicr«l throughout Wednesday, has yielji-.-i nothing. The Finns are hold ing on undeterred by the weight ot the ap.-ault, while the Finnish counter offensive from Suomussalmi is reported to have resulted in the wip ing out of two Soviet divisions. 9 * » WESTERN FRONT CONCENTRATION ON NORTH London, Dec. 21. There is increasing evidence of ex ceptionally heavy troop concentration of German troops and material at the northern end of the Western Front, behind the borders of Luxembourg, Belgium and Holland. It is causing increasing concern in neutral countries, where it is estimated there are one and a quarter million Germans, with artillery and mechanised support in this zone. * # ft U-BOAT BAG Paris, Dec. 21. It is officially 'estimated that over fifty U-Boats have been sunk by the Allies since the war began. « « » BOMBING CIVILIANS • AMERICAN EMBARGO Washington, Dec. 21 The State Department has extend ed its moral embargo against tha sale of aircraft and petrol to countries which bomb civilians and open towns. .This action affects Russia and Japan. 