BAN 'COLONIES' OF ALIENS A FEDERAL PLAN Migrants Oi Future From Our Special Representativi CANBERRA, Friday. Australia is nicely to emerge from the war with a new immigration policy, designed to protect Austra lians against the growth of anen communities in their midst, and to admit into the country in any number only those people who have shown their willingness to be assimilated into the national life. The Department of the Interioi is taking advantage of the decrease in migration — which has been re duced by war to a trickle and should cease in the next few months — tc take stock of the alien position in Australia. Subsequently the department ex pects to be able to make important recommendations to the Govern ment. "We now have an ideal opportunity to find out- how our policy has been working," said a departmental officer to-day. "Officers have been warned that, when the war ends, a complete plan, freed from any of the mistakes that may have existed under the old system, must be ready. Migration will be resumed after the war, but it may be a different kind of migra tion from the present system. Spoiled By The War "Our immigration from British and Northern European countries has vanished, along with the rest," the official continued. "We have every thing prepared to bring British, Dutch, Danish and Swiss to Australia — we expected 5000 Britons alone this year — but the war knocked that on the head. "However, at the end of the war we should have prepared for submis sion to the Government a scheme which should provide for all the best features of our present system, and also practical suggestions for the im provement of the alien stock that we shall receive." A survey now being made will deal with aliens who have been re sident in Australia for some time, and will enable officers to say which are the races most easily assimilated, and which are less desirable. The Graf Spee's two-months' voyage in the South Atlantic, drawn from details given by officials in London. The approximate positions where she sank her merchantmen are shown. Below is the Graf Spee. 