ANOUCAN SYNOD. OPENED ON Thursday. ^.fiES1 £'5£»? satfSffi ESC, JBlUCtS*. On XllUrsdaV nftBcnnn*. tka Y^t^a w.t.H*. it. B.*y afternoon. S^KJSrS ^^tT n '''SvmS and! the iS (.etUeda^to8^. Blderatlon of reporta and iuKmSS. The Synod will alt a^ ttSfSSS: noon and eveninjr.. tnu ?RMV In the Name of the Pnth»r „„.? „. thejon and of tb, '£&'-£££ Right Reverend Brother Venr p»u erend Archimandrite, BrethSFoMta iStUwinr wLn«1 one ot coMtant tersperaed with crises of the most alarming; character. I will return to $»*«*!!? » '».*? -'« Part ^'my '«?»«, oui ui me auiset I should wiiih to pay a tribute to the raininess sagacity and self-command of the BrlO«i Commonwealth from Mr. Neville Chamberlain downwards The strain noon them must have 'been ?^''iirtffi bU5 ''ane* M they have been with threats and taunts the most provocative from abroad, and by un sparing criticism at home, they have maintained a dignity, a forbearance, and a restraint, Which alone with the rapid growth of British armaments, have ao far prevented the catastrophe of a European war. We pray, Qod, that their efforts may prove finally successful. Added to the work of the (Treat Statesmen has been the noble and fruitful. enterprise of our King and Queen m carrying out the programme of their visit to Canada and the United States, In spite of war's alarms and the dangers necessarily attendant upon such an undertaking at euch a time. The British people and the whole world owe them an Incalculable debt of gratitude for that. Thev have been rewarded by the enthusiastic and enraptured welcomes they received In America, and by the joy of their people on their return home. Their action has contributed to the hopes of peace In the world more than any other act of a man and woman could have done. Church At Large. . I must refer to two events in the larger life of the Church In Australia during the past year. At the begin ning Of last September there was a Conference of the Bishops held in Can berra, gratefully using the hospitality of* Canon Edwards and the Church Grammar School. Nineteen Bishops were present under the Chairmanship of tho Primate, and It was by far the beat conference of that kind which I have ever attended. A number of very Important questions were dealt with. The business of auch a conference Is private, but there emerged from It one document .of which you have knowledge and Which has appeared In the Press. It was an appeal issued unanimously by the 19 Bishops for the support of the Anglican Common wealth Bush Fund, thus Implement Ing the Resolution of the General Synod of October, 1937, of whose terms I will again remind you: 'That the ministry of the Word and the Sacraments to the people of the bush should be a first charge upon the Church In Australia, and that this Synod would approve of action being taken by the Archbishops and Bishops to inaugurate a fund for the purpose.' I am very glad that the Australian Church has at last taken decisive action in this -matter. It has been be fore General Synod at intervals since Tail. Now that the appeal is pressed upon the Church with the whole authority of the Episcopate, I think there will be a generous response. The Primate has asked me to go and present the appeal In the Southern cities this year. That I hope to do In September. The Anglican Communion has hitherto been the only Important religious body that has no centralised fund to support work In the bush. It baa meant that poor dioceses of vast extent have had to carry burdens far In excess of their strength. We hope to mend that. But I must here record our great regret that shortly after that conference the Primate's health was found to be ao seriously affected by the continuous strain of his work that the doctors were obliged to order a rest for some six months. I am very glad to tell you that the reports we receive about him now are most en couraging. A* the leader of the Cburcb In this country, be has proved himself in a way that has commanded univer sal gratitude and respect. I trust that we may be permitted to retain him long to preside over the Church with the wisdom and courage which he has shown for so many years. Provincial Synod. The Provincial Synod of Queensland held Its triennial session last Septem ber. The Archbishop In his Inaugural Address, touched upon the subject of the Constitution for the Church In Australia. He told us that he had been about to recommend provincial action, and that we In Queensland should ap ply for an act which would Implement the Constitution as proposed In 1932 with the Amendments of 1936. He had .however, at the last moment been visited by one of the Sydney repre sentatives of the Constitution Com mittee, who told him that fresh amendments had been proposed by the Committee, which would in all prob ability command the assent of Sydney, and would at the same time enable Queensland, to obtain a Constitution nearer to its own desires. He thought it best therefore, that we should wait until we should have had an oppor tunity of examining these new pro posals. Since the fresh amendments are still under the consideration of the Constitution Committee we are not called upon, this year, to take any action in regard to the Constitution ol the Australian Cburcb. Among the Resolutions which were carried t-y the Provincial Synod, was one declaring that the future of the Aboriginal race of Australia depended very largely on the efforts put forth by the Church and the Government or Queensland. A motion of a similar character will come before this Synod. There was also a motion urging that the work of the Religious Orders, both for men and women should be gener ously supported by the people of the Church, and that every care should be taken to foster the vocation to the Religious Life among the boys and girls of this country. Alto, It was decided that the main land portion of the Mandated Terri tory of New Guinea should be trans ferred from the Diocese of Melanesia to the Diocese of New Guinea, and that the Territorial limits of General Synod and of the Province of Queens land should be extended for that pur pose. On the day after the sitting of the Provincial Synod there was a cere monial opening and blessing of the new College of St Francis, built in the grounds of BlBhopsbourne, at a cost of £8000. fully paid for In ready money. The Province Is to be con gratulated upon the fine appearance and good Internal arrangement of the new College, and upon the number and quality of the atudenU that are now there assembled. The Society of the Sacred Advent. The Church In Queensland has lately Buffered two very sad losses through the death of Mother Emma, the Superior of the Society of the Sacred Afivent, and of Sister Faith, a mem ber of the Society and the Matron of St Martin's Hospital. I have written elsewhere of what we owe to those two noble women, and of the manner Ui^whlch. their jrorji haa afiaoted. Queensland. TUa Synod would ?wish me to express the sincere sympathy which we all feel with the Society 4o the departure from this llte-ot Jwo.pf their number who have player ♦» great ft part In Ita history, andwould wish me to add that the example of auch women, . and the memories that they leave with us, should appeal power fully to the girls of Queensland to fill the placet- left vacant and to Increase the Order. Since the last Synod we have very gladly welcomed from England two priests, who have come to Join the Bush Brotherhood, Frank Shaw Lay cock, «rho has the Richmond district, and Reginald Drury, who has that of the Gulf. Alan Innes received Priest's Order* last January, and Harold Palmer was licensed ae Assist ant Priest at Cairns towards the end of last year. There have been some departures; Victor PhuTis left Bugh endto' last July, and -since then members of the : -Brotherhood '-ot St. Barnabas have very kindly carried on the work In that parish pending the arrival of a new' Rector. Dudley Smith, who had served for five years as Assistant at the Cathedral, left us to go to Tasmania at the- end of last year. He Is gratefully remem bered In the Cathedral parish. We have lost Edward Britton, a Priest who reached, I think, the highest ideals of BJB.B. I am grateful indeed for fats five years' strenuous and effec tive work on the Tableland and in the eastern parts of the Gulf country. He has gone to loin Cecil Payton on the staff of Archdeacon HarthUl at Stoke on-TrenL I think both those Priests will be wanting, as so many do, to return to North ' Queensland. Britton has left us a most kind gift in his beautiful mare, Joan— a present to him from the Nlmmos of Oak Park. It Is my joy to ride her when I visit Yarrabah. Harry Fowke, after five years most effective work In the Brotherhood, chiefly fulfilled in the Richmond and Julia Creek districts, has returned home. He notably in creased the prestige of the Church In the Middle West, and his attainments as a scholar wen ot great value tr us In our conferences and on other oc casions. I think It not unlikely that he may also return. There have been certain transfers: Theodore Kernke resigned the position of Priest Super intendent of Yarrabah In order to go and Join Father Gribble at Palm Island, and Ray Campbell, already a veteran member of the Brotherhood of SL Barnabas, has gone to take charge of Yarrabah. One other great gain the Diocese has experienced is the return of the Rev. James Nor man who, after completing his Im portant book on Llturglology, has taken charge of the district of Her bcrton and accepted the responsibility of Chaplain to St. Mary's School. I have had the happiness of dedi cating four new churches: St. David's. Mt. Garnet, last November, now fully paid for and a great credit to the peonle of that mining town. More than 30 years' patient work In those parts by the Brotherhood at length made possible the building; of this church, to meet the needs of the In creased population brought about by the revival of the tin mining. The Church of St Bartholomew, Carmlla, was dedicated last December, and has been paid for In full. It is the furthest South of all the churches of the Dio cese, and the people of Carmlla are maktnrT fnll use of It. On Palm Sunday was held the dedication of the Church of St. Saviour's at South Johnstone, a building for which we have been pre paring for some 20 years. It Is of con crete and cost £1.000. and Is more than half paid for. On the fourth Sunday after Easter I iledloated the new Church of St. Michael and All Aneflx In Ororgetown,.on behalf of tho Blahnp of Carpentaria In whose rllocese It Is situated. It mit £870 and .It. was nepes sary to secure an overdraft of f200 in order to pav the contractor, but the people of Georgetown are worklti? rouraffeously to pav off thMr deM. nnn I have pood newR of the Sunday School and other activities which are now' gioat vlptjrous throutrh.the fact thst Oie people h*ve a rhureh. .FoS sRvth Is frolne to follow suit. One other building of importance Is being erected — the new Rectory at Charters Towers. That has become necessary since the old one was burnt out on October 3rd. The people of the Towers are spending £1,100 on their new Rectory, and they axe able to do this chiefly through the efforts of Canon O'Keeffe, who personally col lected a sum of £400 for the purpose, but I fear they are putting It on blocks so low that they will not leave space for any rooms underneath. I think that Is a mistake, I should wish the Rectories wherever possible to be built on high blocks so that there may be space beneath for a laundry, a garage, a playroom or whatever else may be needed. Where the Reotorles are upon high blocks as In Ingham, Proserpine, Cairns, Home Hill and some other places it Is always found to be most useful. Missions. We have done better for missions this year, raising £900/10/6, of which £836/6/9 went direct to A.B.M. There have been generous gifts to the mis sions in the Diocese. For the fund to build the Dr. Park Memorial Hall, so kindly promoted by the Church Stand ard, with the official sanction of A.B.M., £170 has so far been given. I think It likely that the public will wish to mnke further donations In order to recognise the heroism and en durance of Barkcy Saylor and Charlie Fruit In swimming for five hours through shark Infested waters to get help for the crew of the sunken Melody. .Two men and two boys, sad to say, were drowned. There Is to he n memorlnl tablet for them In St. George's Church. Otber gifts have been: A draft marc from Mr. Evelyn Lascellcs, of Goor ganga, and two more from the same station given by the Home Depart ment: Mr. Frank Fraser, of Ingham, has given a bull; most generous gifts of clothing have been received for botb our missions. Several parishes have done extremely well in their con tributions. The obligation to support missions is, I think, more widely recognised year by year, but there are still some parishes which do not ap pear to have accepted this first of Christian duties. I return later to the subject of the missions and their claim upon us. Schools. There are certain facts I wish to put before you to which I have alluded before now, but some of them need to be more fully emphasised. I have had the privilege of being Bishop of Ihla Diocese for 26 years, and If God pleases I hope for four more. After that I fear that I may, If still alive, be obliged by advancing age to resign this See; but trust me, I shall go on as long as I can. Owing to the Lam beth Conference which is approaching there will be no Synod next year and therefore I cannot meet you again until 1WL consequently It Is my wisest course to speak of these things now In case I should not have another op portunity. I wlBb to remind you of some of my hopes and expectations for the Dio cese of North Queensland and to dwell upon certain needs to which hitherto I have not more than briefly referred. Some of our hopes have been most generously, and beyond all our reckonings, fulfilled. We have our schools, for which we thank God, and under God the Society of the Sacred Advent and the Itrotherhood of St.! Barnabas. The Importance and the | usefulness of the schools Increases year by year... Their Intellectual achievements are well known. In most years we have gained scholarships to the Queensland University. In 1938 we e;ot two- out of the IB (rtven for the State, one by Michael Burvill, of All Souls', and one by Ada McClure, of St. Gabriel's. And she was the only eirl In Queensland who got -tine. Moreover. the general average of the schools' performance In the' examinations Is consistently high. But much better than that, there are now all throurh the North, men and women who got their education at our onurcb achools. and I think I am right In saying -that the majority of them continue faithful to the teachings they received in their youth. Some I fear have drifted. But I thankfully acknowledge that a Urge number of them an pillars of the cburcb In the towns and villages and In the remoter places where they live. And surveying the last quarter of a century, I Bay with confidence, and with gratitude to God, and to those who have been permitted to be in charge ot the work, that the achools have gone far to transform and ad vance the standards of Christian Faith and duty among our people. I could give many detailed examples of that, but I must be content with re cording my honest Impression cf what haa happened, and In bidding you to rejoice with me In what the achools have accomplished. I must, however, remind you that there la a building debt of £4,050 and It Is necessary to clear that before we can rightfully undertake other work. The report of the Anglican Church Schools' League Is available and will be referred to; but In order to know what It Is doing you should come to Its meeting on Saturday afternoon at 830\. In 14 years it haa raised £18,588. Its total expenses meanwhile have been X19 per cent, which covers printing, postages, and Incidentals— an extraordinary low figure. The per formance of the League is one of the finest things in the history of North Queensland . More Priests, Another cause to me, and to you, of profound thankfulness to God, is that now, at length, we are training an adequate number of students for the Priesthood, and among them young men of high ability. The time, I think. Is approaching when the Church In North Queensland will be properly staffed with Priests, which, In my time it never has been. The advance we see in this respect, Is, I believe, God's answer to the prayers that have been offered week by week at many Altars for some seven years now. I cannot tell you how much the Church owes to those of her members who present this need before God every Sunday morning. One parish alone guaranteed 100 would do ao. An object of that kind helps among other things to the recovery of the Christian standard of devotion, which Is, at least, to take part In the Breaking of the Bread on the first day of the week. Many more people now do that than used to do, both for their own souls' sake and because they have proved that in the Eucharist Is the great opportunity of presenting the needs of Church and nation, through the great High Priest to the Father in Heaven. I have told you before now that where Roman Christians leave Anglicans far behind Is In that work of Intercession upon which all sound Christian enterprise must be based. Many so-called Angli cans are quite confident that you can accomplish any number of good works without any help of God at all. The Romans surpass us because they obey the Apostolic precept, that we should continue steadfastly In the 'teaching, the fellowship, the breaking of bread and the prayers.' Many of our people treat that Injunction as If It did not exist, and yet flatter themselves that they are accomplishing the work of God. But we are Indeed Improving, although we have yet a very long way to go. Remember: to worship at the Altar and there to intercede for the needs of the world and for our own needs, la the one vital engagement of the week, beside which nothing else matters. Some ot our people have proved that and know it Is true, others have not yet proved It. More Slaters. And many I know are now asking God we may get not only our molt talented boys for the Priesthood, but also our girls who have the character and disposition that is needed to give themselves to the work of the Re ligious Orders. Such self giving on the part ot girls has always charac terised the best days of the Catholic Church. It was, as you know, a most important feature In the Catholic Re vival, undse, the Tractarian leaden, and In 1692 gave us the Society of the Sacred Advent. Do not let the people of North Queensland take for granted the existence of auch a Society and the devoted work that they ere doing. It la a most striking token of the good hand of God upon us and a visible outcome of the working of the Holy Spirit. The fact that It exists is a reminder to everyone, who takes the trouble to think, of those great truths. If the Church desires that Religious Orders should Increase In strength and prays for that, then it will most certainly come. The pres ence of the Religious Orders In our midst la a challenge to Christians to ask for God that he will do yet greater things. Expect More. At one time parents were reluctant to give their boys of marked ability to the Sacred Ministry. They wished them to enter professions where they could make money. That kind of re luctance 1b now disappearing, and in its place I find a devout and eager desire to encourage the boys In their vocation. I look upon that as a most encouraging token in the life of the Church. The same thing will happen In- regard to the girlB who possess the appropriate gifts, if the object is pur sued in the same way by the whole Church praying for it. Our friends of the Roman Communion have at least 1000 Nuns in Queensland. We Angli cans have only 3*. That Is not because God has not been calling our girls to the Religious Life. It is because the Church as a whole has not been ex pecting it nor praying for It. Con sequently the girls have not become sure of their vocation, or if they have they have been thwarted and dis couraged by those who should have helped them. So it comes about that good works of many kinds which only Nuns or Sisters can accomplish are so largely neglected In our Communion. For example, the Church ought to have her own hospitals In each of the big cities. Rome has many such hospitals under the care of her very excellent nursing orders. We have in Queensland only one— St -Martin's Hospital in Brisbane, and that is con ducted by the Society of the Sacred Advent. But out of the staff of 40 nurses In that hospital, only two or three are Sisters of the Sacred Ad vent. That means that many girlB are missing an opportunity which God wanted them to grasp. They would find their fullest satisfaction In that form of life, and in no other to any thing like the same degree. Again, I find a general agreement that we ought to have an Orphanage In North Queensland, and not leave the work of caring for orphan and destitute chil dren to the State. The fund for the Orphanage has been started. If the Society of the Sacred Advent had 100 Sisters the thing Itself would soon come into being. When you can get people to devote themselves to work of that kind you can always get the money to support them. Once the spirit of sacrifice begins to work powerfully in the Church, needs of that sort will be quickly met. There will be generous offerings both of life and of wealth, and an eagerness to seize every opportunity of doing the works of Christ. I want you to make it your constant prayer that It may be so. Do More. There Is, I fear, evidence that although many of our people are de voutly thankful for the work of the Society of the Sacred Advent, yet It Is far from being appreciated as it should be. Look at St. Anne's School. I have no need to remind you of the wonder ful and beneficent work it has done for Townsvllle and other parts of the North. But for the first twelve years they had to get on without a Chapel. They have a Chapel now, and It was the gift mainly of one citizen of Townsvllle. But they have still to be content with a sort of accommodation which can only be described as make shift. The boarders take their meals sitting on the narrow verandahs of the concrete building. The Sisters saver i~mrr1--f ol that, but I can imagine how Inconvenient It must be, especially in bad weather. There la no hall In which the school can be as sembled. The lack of auch a hall la a very serious hindrance to many of the school activities. I would like to put It to the men of Townsvllle and the North as to whether they would not wish to demonstrate the profound gratitude to the Sisters which I am sure many of them feel, by providing the needful nun to build a ball of assembly. I must remind you that unless we give ocular and substantial proof of our gratitude for the best gifts of God and the Holy Church, we are always In danger of assuming them to be a sort of right given to us at a reward for our deserving. They are not that; they an a challenge— urging us to try to become worthy of what we did not deserve. Finance Good and Bad. I am now going to say something about Diocesan and parochial finance —subjects which I usually avoid, but It has become necessary that there should be plain statements about them. Last xear I spoke of the successes asd the Atlsfactlons and also the trials and the anxieties ot the Clergy, but I did not go beyond those which are associated with their spiritual minis try I left their financial trials to be dealt with this year. Many parishes are encumbered with debt and In most cases they ought not to be. It has been my experience In Australia that wherever I have gone to work I have always Inherited debts from my pre decessors. In some Instances the debts were Justifiable, in others they were not. There are some big tasks which have to be under taken to meet pressing contemporary needs, by an expenditure which will also provide permanent benefit for following generations, and In such cases a part of the burden may honor ably be left to those who are to come after us— how much of it ta a ques tion for the business experts to de cide and, of course, depends upon SS aecUrity that is avalUlc. There are other undertakings which should not be attempted unfess they can be paid for with ready money. Now, for example, when I came to Townsvllle I found a debt of £800 on the Cathe dral,, spent to replace the roof that was blown away Tin the 1903 cyclone (Leonta). There had to be a roof, aiT't could not be paid for at the moment, since, the town was largely disabled! The debt bad been allowed to remain unpaid too long, but we 'earedlt by MIS througbi&e; valiant efforts of Canon Crorieri New tiling on the roof five years ago, when the old shingles had perished, has left us with a debt of £8&), and we are clear ing that. And again, when building new churches we cannot, as a rule, pay the whole cost In ready money. The people who profit by them ir. i the succeeding years may well do their sharer1 Debts of that kind are Justi fiable debts. I have been told by financial authorities that if you are carrying out a work that you know to be meeting an essential public need, with the full approval of the people concerned, and a work that Is revenue producing for payment of in terest and redemption to a reasonable amount you may -spend o0 per cent . more money than you actually have, assuming, of course, that you can get the needful credit, and then you may spread the payment of the debt that remains over subsequent years. When we were building the schools we went Into debt nearly to that extent. I do not think we went further; the maxi mum school building debt was £18,000 but by that time the assets were prob^ ably about £45,000. You would all say that a venture of that kind Is fully justified. Management Fund. But there are other kinds of debts that ought not to exist For example I found here In 1918 a debt of £2000 odd on the management fund. That was about five times the annual ex penditure ot the fund. Bishop Frodaham, with admirable foresight, had turned the tide by getting Synod to consent to a 6 per cent, assessment of current Income, which some repre sentatives thought too high. But the debt must be paid. A neighboring Diocese has had an assessment of 15 per cent, to meet serious arrears. Our debt on management is now down to £1120/18/6, and it would be cleared at once If the parishes that are In arrears were able to make good what they owe, £1426. They will do it, I hope and believe, as soon as they can. It is well known that the manage ment by the Registrar end his staff Is of the highest quality. Nobody questions that the goods are delivered. It la a matter of common honesty that they should be paid for. But there ia smother fund on which a large debt was contracted which I think to be much more to our discredit 1 refer to the emergency fund. By the year 1932 It was £1700 to the bad. I ought to remind you what charges It has to meet Emergency Fund. (1) The journeyB of the Clergy tak ing themselves and their belongings to some new parochial charge, also journeys undertaken by men who go to relieve their neighbors when In sickness. (2) All kinds of charges for Illnesses and breakdowns, acci dents and other troubles. (8) Such a debt as that upon the Canberra Cathe dral Fund for which the Dioceses made themselves responsible In Gen eral Synod. . (4) The paying of rates, and sometimes rents, for land held by the Synod to meet the needs of future development. (5) Contributions to the World Conference of Faith and Order and other Standing Committees dealing with the great affairs of the Church and in fact any kind of out going or contingency for which there Is no fund In existence. The revenue of the Emergency Fund Is derived from the collections made at Confir mations, the total offerings of first Sunday In October, and Dow recently by a voluntary assessment of 1 per cent on current Income which is paid by some generous parishes. The revenue has been rising, last year it reached the figure of £204, but the situation with regard to the Emer gency Fund was so serious seven years ago that I undertook to meet all the charges myself until such time as it might be brought within reasonable compass. One kind of expenditure I found to be going on which I thought to be most discreditable. We were, for some years, paying our small con tributions, of £20 a year to St. Fran cis' College, from the Emergency Fund — overdrawn as It was, which meant that we were deliberately leav ing it to posterity to pay for the training of the Clergy of to-day. It would have been much more honest to leave our grocery bills to our grand children. We are making some amends for that now. As you know, the parishes and districts have pled ged themselves, In Synod, to pay not less than £2 a year towards the up keep or St Francis' College. If they all did that, we should be able to send at least £50 a year to the College. We do not send less than £40 and If there Is a deficiency in the amounts that come In I make it up out of what is still euphemlstlcly called the Emer gency Fund. Some parishes have contributed most generously to St. Francis Fund, others have not. During the last seven years It has never cost me less than £100 per yeai to meet the emergency charges, and It haB often cost more. In saying this I am not wanting to advertise any of my own good works— very far from It I am wishing to advertise my profound dissatisfaction and resent ment that euch a state of things should have existed. Not a penny of those costs do I pay but with reluc tance and vexation, which quite de prives the transaction of anything In the nature of the merit of a good work. A rich country like this In which people want the ministrations of the Christian religion can quite well meet charges of that kind. If I had now the money which I have most unwillingly given for emergency charges, we should be pretty near to our Orphanage, which everybody agrees we ought to have. While I say this I am not forgetting that many of our people give to the Church with a generosity which Is above praise, and to an extent which must repre sent a good bit more than a tenth of their Incomes. The difficulty here ?a everywhere I* to get the people who are accustomed to expect to use the ministries of the Church and her Priests, at such tiroes aa they happen to want them, and who while being only very occasional worshippers themselves, yet assume that their children will be carefully taught week by week— to get those people to see that this work ought to be paid for. Parochial Finance, Tbat br!a-gs me to parochial finance, the raising of which Is in many cases the most trying and exhausting part of a Priest's labors. In some parishes a large part of the revenue still has to be raised by entertainments and social efforts of various kinds. Those, however good in themselves, take up mudav too large a share of the Priest's time. In some parishes it appears to me that while the man is fulfilling his pastoral duties with the utmost zeal and patience from 6M a,m. till about 9 p.m., he must then be present for another three hours at a dance or at a financial effort of some kind, and will to to bed worn out I will give you only one example of that kind of thing. I had com pleted a long Gulf Journey with the Bush Brothers, and at dusk we reach ed one of their homes. We were both tired— the Bush Brother and I— after hundreds of miles through rough country and visits to many stations and villages, I was clad to go to bed very soon. The Brother-ln-charge could not do that After looking through his accumulated mall, he was obliged to go and attend a dance till midnight, in order to raise the next Instalment of £6 on the car In which we had been travelling. You may wish to believe that this Is excep tional, but I am sorry to say that It is only too typical of what goes on in many parts of the diocese. A Prlestt. Time. It exhausts the Clergy and deprives them of the time which they should devote to their reading. The easy going public, In which the members of this Synod are not included, assumes that a Priest at four and twenty is charged full of knowledge and of the material needed for ser mons and discourses, which will last him the rest of his life. That part of the public does not understand that of all the professions it Is the Priest hood which demands the most con tinuous and unremitting intellectual labor, that the man may continue fit to meet the demands of his calling. There Is no profession which makes such Insistent claim upon Its mem bers to keep themselves abreast of the times. Conditions eoclal, moral and political are changing all round us all the time. New problems of conscience have, every day, to be en countered, new human requirements to be supplied, new forms of teach ing to be developed. Theolojry Is not a static science, It Is the most living and moving of them all. Apart from a few great books by men of out standing genius a theological library goes out of date faster than any other— Just because the stream of human life Is moving so fast I quote a paragraph from the Hale Memorial Sermon for this year which has just reached me:— 'Few of us would be content to have as our family physician, for all his gentleness and kindness and good intentions, one even a decade out of medical school who to-day was satis fied to employ only those' materials and methods commonly accepted In his undergraduate days. There are so many new, and hitherto unsuspect ed things In the realm of human re lations, and In the realm of the physl cal body and in the mind, that new equipment and new attitudes are de manded even while the fundamental things remain essentially the same. The Clergy of the Church, having the responsibility for the care and cure of souls, cannot be unmindful of the growing, changing world, or Insensitive to the demands which new and changing conditions lay upon them. In many quarters leaders In the Church Been to be confused. People are not responding as once they did. The old technique Is not effective. The result Is surprise, con fusion, often a sense of frustration. All realise that the same work must be done, the same good news preach ed, the same means of grace em nloyed; but there seems to be lack Ing a recognition of the fact that, to be effective, all these must be related and adjusted to the conditions of our day, exactlv as they had to be related and adjusted to the conditions of former days.' That Is Dean Powell of Washington speaking of conditions In United States, and most of what he says would apply equally well here. Stipends. I think it is right that I should say something as to the amount of the Btipcnds of the Clergy. In very few cases do they receive more than £300 a year and a house to live in. That may be adequate for the smaller parishes but It is Inadequate for the more important places. There was a time perhaps when this figure could not have been Improved, but I have no doubt that the larger towns can very well do better than that now. and they ought to do. The basic wage for the North Is £236 a year, and many tradesmen get over £300 a year. Professional men range from £400 to £900 a year. If you compare the time and expense needed for the preparation for the Priesthood and for other professions you will see that it is not right to limit the Income of the Priest to £300 for life. On several oc casions I am sorry to say we have lost married Priests of great ability because they could not hope to live upon the meagre stipends provided for them in North Queensland. Grave consideration should be given to this subject by Churchwardens and Parish Councils. Now in order that I may deal wits the subject thoroughly while I am about it I am going to direct your at tention to another department ot dlo cesan finance. I have been BlBhop ol North Queensland for 26 years, anil have experienced much generous kind ness at the hands of the people of the North, so In what I am now going to say you will not suppose that I am complaining or expressing ingratitude. Nor will you Imagine tbat I am out for personal gain. In the nature o: things I can't expect for many more years to enjoy the privilege of being your Bishop, but I think It Is my duty to my successors to speak of the Bishop's financial position. The stipend now available for the Bishop Is £700 a year. Of that I am accus tomed to draw £600. The other £200 goes into a fund known as the Bishop of North Queensland Fund, from which I pay my travelling expenses railways, purchase and upkeep or cars, boat fares, etc., from which also I pay my Chaplains, my share of Urn cost of secretarial work In the office, and the charges of the Emergent Fund. To that last Item I have al ready expressed my objection. The Registrar, who Is so good as to keep my accounts, tells me that I jricnd from my private account about £1000 a year, of which housekeeping taken £700, books and personal expenses £113, income tax £87, and subscrlp tions and donations {100. I don't think any of those Items are exces sive. We do not live extravagantlv «t the Lodge, as you all know, and T -1n not see bow the Bishop of North Queensland can do his work, ani keep his Priests together In frolrlt and purpose, unless he enn fill h's houp' when he wants to. Tor example, T nttach Oie most vitnl importance to havlnir all mv men present nt Svnort nnd the Retreat, and. my houBP 1p the best venue. Again! we who Rre Ministers of Religion, must, as I have told you. get new books anil rend them, or rise, jrrt out of date nnd we mnst sometimes have new clothpe. and. as ercryhody fcnows, w' are boseiepd for FU*iscrli-tlons ti ronntlpsB eood causes. Tjiicto'lv for rnfl I have Bom** EPiail rnBourcps of mv own, or 7 ohould not have befn aMe to keep going. I think It onlv rVhf and neeppsarv that the business men should faco the cost of meetlne (he nrobable needs of a future Bishop The fund that pays the Blshon'i. ptlTipnd oops iinprovp, since f hp 'Walter and Idlxa Hall' Trust aivaa It a sum of about £85 a year. In that way the capital endowment for the purpose has been Increased by £2000 or more in the last 25 years. So far as I can Judge the Bishop's stipend should be not less than £960 a year. I will leave It at that I have given the Synod information -which It should bear In mind. 'Meta Kampf.' Now to return to the state of the world around us. It becomes plainer every day that man has to make hts choice between Christian liberty and totalitarian enslavement — either the rule of Jesus Christ, King of right eousness and King of peace, or the domination of devils whose name is legion— devils of arrogance, lies, mur der, sadism, obscenity and the rest all these let loose to secure the ruth less will of the omnlcompetent state. It Is not necessary to depend merely upon report or rumor for the system that prevails in Germany, we can get It direct from - the pages of 'Meln Kampf,' of which un-expurgated edi tions in English are now procurable. I take from Mrs. Lorrimer's book 'What Hitler Wants' (most carefully documented), a few quotations which sufficiently demonstrate his theory of human society. He says that: 'Pro- vidence obeying the eternal law of re tribution has denied bucccss to Ger many's victorious sword because Ger many had been weak enough to toler ate In her midst Marxists, Jews and Pacifists. While the cream of Ger many's youth was falling on the. field of battle the Government . should at least have taken the opportunity to exterminate the vermin at . home.' And we know what measures are. now being taken against these unfortunate people. Again he says: 'I believe that I am acting to-day in accordance with the intentions of the Almighty Creator: when I attack the Jews I am fighting for the work of the Lord.' Ant I fear it is no exaggeration to say that Government by assassination and ex termination has become normal in Germany. So much for the devils of arrogance and murder. Now for those of lying. Hitler says: 'The very sound principle and a definite factor In get ting a lie believed is the size or the He ... for the broad mass of the people — in the. purity and simplicity of its heart more readily falls victim to a big lie than to a small one.' I do not know ot a more cynical remark In the whole range of literature. I prefer not to give examples of the doings of devils of sadism and obscenity, bul I take a few more typical Hitler sentiments from Mrs. Lorrimer's book— she gives every reference. — 'Right abides in strength alone.' 'We are not police protectors of 'poor little nations,' but the soldiers of our own.' 'An alliance whose object is not a future war Is senseless and useless.' 'The sole earthly criterion of whe ther an enterprise is right or wrong is its success.' 'We shall attack (opponents) with brutal ruthlessness, and shall not heBl tate to adapt them to the Interests of the nation by means of the Concen tration Camp.' That kind of thing could, as I expect you know, be multiplied to any extent, and It Is fully exemplified In the acts ot fiendish brutality which are daily occurring in Germany, and in the man ner in which pledges are broken and thrown aside as waste paper, and neighboring small nations terrorised by the parade of force. In addition to 'What Hitler Wants' you should read, 'You and the Refu gees,' by Sir Norman Angell and Dorothy Buxton, also 'I Was Hitler's Prisoner,' by Stefan Lorant. They illustrate abundantly what I have said.— Ninepence each in the Penguin Library — Those of you whose memories go back 25 years will recall some lines of Rudyard Kipling's, written upon the violation of Belgium In 1914: 'Once more we hear the word. That sickened earth of old No law except the sword Unsheathed and uncontrolled.' Quite plainly we have to choose be tween that kind of thing and Christian civilisation. And there can be no doubt that the system of society which will prevail will be the one which Is most firmly based upon moral and spiritual conviction. How far the Ger mans arc really convinced of the right ness of their present system and Its principles may be questioned, but at any rate they have to pretend to be, and I fear a good many of them arc quite confident that they are doing the right thing. In the Long Bun. It is Indeed astounding that the per verted genius of one man should be able to capture a great people and throw the whole world Into constant anxiety and keep It as it were waiting for a general explosion. Things like it have happened before at the will of strong and ruthless tyrants, but never before on so large a scale. At the same time let us remember that while the disturbances whicb are created by these megalo- manlacs are only of short duration, the effect upon the world or the lives and actions of the truly great personalities Is permanent. Consider for example the baptism of Guthrum the Dane at Wedmore In 878. after hr had suffered overwhelming defeat e' the hands of Alfred the Great When beatpn before, the Danes had promised to abstain from aggression and thcy had repeatedly broken their oaths, bu this time they were completely con quered by Alfred's generous Christian forbearance, and the Saxon King stood God-father to the Danish Chief. Bul for Alfred, England would have be come a strong-hold of heathen pirates for centuries. Or consider* the pro posal of the Saracens In 1250 after the Battle of Mansourah, which proved so disastrous to the Crusaders, to offer the position of the Sultan (who had been murdered) to Louts IX, their cap tive, so profoundly impressed were they by his unruffled calm and forti tude in the face of threats of torture. and his refusal to allow Franca to pay a penny for his ransom. And St Louis in his day, waa the peacemaker of Europe. Or consider Abraham Lincoln standing for the liberty of the negro through tour years of civil war la America, while he declared that every drop of blood drawn by the lash from the backs ot the slaves might have to be expiated by a white man's death. Because of Lincoln's determination there la a United States of America which there would not have been If he had failed. Consider what that meant in 1917, when U.S.A. Joined cause with the Allies and what it is likely to mean again. Great men such as we have named leave a permanent and abiding Inheritance to the world, and they de monstrate the truth of what I have said above that the system of society which will prevail will be the one that Is based upon the firmest moral and spiritual convictions. What then la going to happen nowT Have we ilia leaders equal to the occasion? I am sure that we have, but I am not aura that they have sufficient followers. Alfred, St. Louis and Lincoln certainly had; they carried their -people with tbem, and it needs the Christian con^ vlction of the whole population and. not merely that of a few great men to oppose the German determination to establish a rale of might in scorn of morals. Cross or Swastika. : Are our convictions and our prac tice of them strong enough and Chris tian enough to stem this flood of ruth. lessness and fury? If the German My knows 'Meln Kampf' better than the British boy knows the Gospels, what will happen? If 'Hell HItler'Ts voci ferated every morning from millions of German throats, while few 'Allei luias' rise to salute Christ the King, what will happen? If the claim that might Is right, cannot be met by a clear' and full demonstration on the part of Christians that Jesus Christ, who was crucified through weaknesa, Hveth through the power of God— and that in our lives and institutions— what will happen? If assertions such as that of Neitzsche parodying the Sermon on the Mount: 'Blessed are the warmakers for they shall be called the children of Odin'— cannot be coun tered by the victories of peace which the Gospel Is given to secure, then what of the future of humanity? Then And Now. You can ask yourselves many other questions of the same kind. I hava said we are not dependent upon rumor for the principles that govern Ger many, but upon the Germans' state menu about themselves. There is a passage In that book of Sir Norman Angell's which should be noted by Christians, We recollect the teachings of those Germans who Inspired tba Great War: Berahardl proclaimed- that it ought to be carried on wltb such irightrulneas that no one would dara to resist the German might; Neitzche treated what he called the 'slave mor ality' of Christians with contempt and mocked the teachings of Christ an In the sentence which I have just quoted. Those are echoes of 25 years ago The German people at that time, had not fallen under the domination of those anti-Christian teachers to any thing like the extent to which they have now Imbibed the doc-|nOs of 'Mien Kampf.' The stories of Ger man atrocities which filled our press In war time were in many cases ex aggerated and In some cases quite un true. Sir Norman Angrll, tn a letter to the Times,' reminds us of this, but after remarking that he and hla friends were at that time treated aa pro-German because of their attempt to clear the Gtiman people of some of me worst of those accusations against them, goes on to say, that with that to his credit, he is obliged to insist that the present situation Is wholly different, and the German attitude far worse, and he can no longer find for them any excuses which might be made for people who. In the beat and fury of war, commit actions which afterwards they remember with shame. The present persecution of the Jews In Germany Is not a result of war excitement which breaks through restraint. It Is a dellbcrater? devised and systematically pursued programme of cn!d blooded cruelty Ha tells us what 'the anti-Jewish mea sures of the German Government' really mean In terms of human ,uffer- '', Inf. humiliation and degradation ? - - deliberate dailv tormem apnluS ! Germany or* described as half- -t. J™,; ,a'd no' .on'y to half-breed \ men but to half-breed women and | girls, and rather particularly to chll- % dren . . .' This Is in quite a different I category from those war atrocity \ stories. This is 'not what the enemies \ of Germany say of Germany, but what '* Germans, through their own laws, say 1 of themselves, telling us not of ? measures taken in the blind retalla- ' tlon of war against an armed enemy, ; and perhaps later rperrctlod, but of i measures decreed deliberately and In cold blood, systematically applied, month after month, year after year, against a completely unarmed people who have never risen in armed re bellion, never attempted so to do, who suffering wrong through the agea have never resorted to arms for re dress, who have applied to the full the method of non- reElstancc or non violent resistance. And this dally tor- 3 ment of an unarmed people, of Uttto && children, 1b Inflicted for one resiott J only: In their veins may run the blood 'sa of the race that gave us Jesus ChHacJl His Mother. His Apostles. If 1S1 war atrocity alleged agalnat to* SStSl mans were proved they WmM ttf**oBSSl stltutp an Indictment aa *M*nt1IB^ra«wH which the Germans -AVC ttrflr^ha^ against themselves by tSSta naaaSSiiH . . . these things nttAhaV^SSmm those, who. in the past jhtvMatdi&'SlI dubltable proof otftil?2jE25|gpI Germany, by pRKSttmttAKSSlSLSil was least popular. iM «» SPSkBli more of it In our ths»raIJS3Ega»a ANGLICAN SYNOD. (Continued from Page 6.) now, is not that we shall over em phasise the evil of certain tendencies in Germany, but, from a mistaken notion of making amends, shall pre tend that evil Is good ...' It Is as If the official leaden of Ger many said to us In so many words. Since we mean to dominate Uie world, we are giving a demonstration of our views of humanity, and we are getting rid of what remains of Christian Ideas and Christian compassion can be found among us. We have shut up Its prophets In prison, we have a new German Gospel for the world from which the Cross and the Atonement have been removed, and by It we prove the heaven-born right of Ger man people to do as they please with any of the weaker nations or Indeed with any stronger ones that get In their way. This Is our creed, but have you anything to oppose to It? One form of reply, but an Inadequate one, would be that the guns of the British fleet can out-range those of any other In the world, and that the British Air Force, with itfl high speed bombing 'planes, could probably reduce Berlin to ashes a little quicker than the forces from their side could destroy London. That may be true, but it is not and cannot be an answer to the German challenge to the world. The only answer that will count in the long run Is that we believe not in Odin but in Jesus Christ, that we, with all our faults, wish to be a Christian people, and we are doing our best to act up to our profession; e.g., that we will receive in great numbers the refugees flying from Germany, that we will not allow the resuscitation of those de funct bogies which would tell ub that such action on our part will produce unemployment: that we will continue what has been our tradition for many centuries to extend kindness to the Jews: that although against our in clination we have been obliged to pre pare for war at a cost of hundreds or thousands of millions, yet as a people claiming the Christian name we will grudge nothing to advance Christ's reign of peace. But could we honestly say all that? That is the question? Are the works of Christ given first place in our programme? War-Guilt and Land-Hunger. But I must digress a little for a moment. It has become habitual In some quarters to minimise the war guilt of the Germans and place a good deal of it upon Great Britain. I be lieve that to be mistaken In all but one respect. First I quote from Doug las Reid, 'Insanity Pair,' a conversa tion which he tells ub took place be tween Herr Stresemann and M. Brland. When Stresemann asked Brland what history would say about the guilt for the Great War, Briand replied: 'I am no prophet and will not anticipate her udgment, but there are three things which I think she will not say— she will not say this time that France was the aggressor; she will not say that Belgium invaded Germany; she will not say like Betbmann-Hollweg. that a treaty Is only a scrap of paper. What there applies to France applies also to Great Britain. In all honesty, I believe, we can claim Justification from the charge of war-guilt in all but one respect, but that a very Berious one. We are still holding empty, vast and fertile spaces of the earth's sur face, and refusing- the most obvious opportunities to fill them with popu lation, and consequently causing ex asperation to crowded peoples who are land-hungry. As I remarked last month In the 'Northern Churchman,' a thousand farms could be placed within 50 miles of the crossing of the Gilbert River between Croydon and Georgetown on land of fine quality with abundant water, and there are there only four or five families. And everybody knows that that Is typical of Australia's re fusal to use the country which she holds. And it Is not as If all the people who seek entrance to this beautiful land of ours were In a necessitous state, destitute or anywhere near It. I quote a telling sentence from a broadcast by Miss Marie Burke, an actress, who has lately returned to Australia. She says: 'The attitude of some Australians to the Immigration of refugees is one of the things that make me angry. Why! The people who are being turned out of Germany, Austria, and Czechoslovakia are the cream of the earth, artistically, and In other ways. You Australians have a wonderful opportunity to make a great contribution to your cultural and artistic life, and If you don't want them I can only say I hope you will be satisfied with your sheep stations and great empty spaces.' The sting of that lady's reproof is well deserved, yet I know we cannot be stung or prodded Into fulfilling our duty. We can only do It through care for humanity and faith in God. Again I ask, are the works of Christ given the first place on our programme? When Hitler Goes. Now to try and answer the questions I was asking a minute ago. Which set of convictions are the strongest and entitled to prevail? When the political system of the Nazi terror breaks and collapses, as it will, shall we, through the consistent practice of our convictions, be able to afford to them the help for which they may then well ask. Imagine a great body of German youth when the truth at last comes home to them and the lies they have been fed upon are exposed: Imagine them disillusioned and revolting utterly from the false theories of religion and morals by which they have been deceived. Imagine them asking desperately for Bound guidance by which to rebuild their national life. Should we, if in vited, be in a position to give it to them? Are we now In the worship of God and the pursuit of Christian Ideals exhibiting a tithe of the energy and enthusiasm with which they carry out the diabolical teachings of their leaders, and worship a State which boasts of might and pours contempt on morals? It is indeed terrible that they should have been taught to do that, but when they sicken of It, as they will, and ask for a decent life, controlled by honor and chivalry, could we, from our Christian resources give It to them? Or would they, con trasting their former habits with our own, say: 'You people cannot help us; we have served our devil with the whole of our strength, and you are not serving your Christ with a tenth of yours; our programme, bad as it was, was carried through with thoroughness and efficiency, and yours flags all the time, because you don't seem to put your hearts Into It. Where are the good works which your re ligion postulates?' Now I have said that, or some of it, In the 'Northern Churchman,' but slnce our Diocesan Magazine so widely read in the Southern cities, is so largely neglected by the people of North Queensland, I say it again. We Have Iieft Undone. Many of you know the present situa tion as well as I do. Our Immigration policy Is still selfish and blind. Our Missions are half starved and desper ately under-staffed . It is true we have donc somewhat better financially for Missions this year, but we ought to be prepared to send any of our priest* at any sacrifice to New Guinea, to relieve then strain on the devoted men who are doing the work there. For example, old Bishop Henry New ton, now 75, supposed to be completely worn out and capable of no more work Is carrying the Immense bur den 'of the vast Mukawa district ministering to 2000 Communicants and teaching Ordinands at the same time. Is that creditable to the Aus trallan Church? Our Religious Communities are still very small. I have told you that It has been an invariable characteristic of the finest ages of the Catholic Faith that men and women devote themselves to that form of life. Then there are partly religious and partly social movements like the Scouts and the Guides which every body recognises as vastly beneficial to our boys and girl*. That U * work for which the Church makes herself responsible in many parts of the world, furnishing the most capable of her young men and her young women to carry out the task. In many cases our overburdened parish priests have to do the work of the Scouts themselves, and in only a few{ cases are our young women of ability, prepared to devote it to work with the Guides. You know I do not stint you In praise for your good efforts and sue cesses but if I were to refrain from necessary criticism and reproof I should be false to my office. So far eb I can judge, the greater part of our failure is to be traced to th-~ feebleness of our belief in the power of prayer. I shall not feel reassured on this ground until our Altars are thronged every Sunday morning not merely upon a . few Festival or Na tional occasions. I shall not feel hopeful that we as a Christian nation are In a position to meet the demands made upon us by a bewildered world until I know that the worship of the Strte and the Dictators, which Is th daily and hourly exercise of certain deluded populations, Is outdone and surpassed by our worship of the Father through the Son and by thu Holy Ghost We have been continuing to sound the 'Recall to Religion' made by the Archbishop of Canterbury 21 years ago. The means we are employing i that of the parochial Mission. The Bishop of Rockhampton generously gave time to conduct one at Char ters Towers and Father Neate of the Society of the Sacred Mission— a Mis Eioner of worldwide experience — has taken two, those at Proserpine ami Atherton and Is now doing one at St George's Palm Island, and will take one more at St. John's. South Towns ville. This adds greatly to the debt we already owe to S.S.M. which ha' kept our Bush Brotherhood supnll' with able Priests for the last 26 years. We hope to arrange for fur ther Missions next year Rev. W. B. Ward and Mr. Harold S. Tborley were appointed clerical and lay secretaries respectively of Synod. The Rev. J. Norman was elected Chairman of Commltte.es and Mr. C E. Smith Treasurer of Synod. Rev. H. G. Robinson moved the first reading of a canon to amend the elec tions procedure In the Constitution by the insertion of the following new clause: 'In all elections where clerical and lay representatives are to be elected, clerical representatives shall be elected by the Clergy only and lay representatives by lay members of Synod only.' The second reading was Immediately taken and, after It had been con sidered In committee, the third read ing was made an order for Friday. MISSIONS TO SEAMEN EEPORT The Interest in the Mission centres In the prospect which Is opening out before us this year. For a long time II has not been possible to do much more than hold on, and even this somewhat stationary position entailed hardships on those we have kept the MlBslon open. Mr. Watson has been caretaker for another year, at the cost of much inconven'ence: we owe him our sincere gratitude. The report must contain what we hope to do, rather than what we have tried to do: be cause we now have the opportunity to develop the work of the Mission, which we have not had for years. Mi Neill, who has had some years of ex perience in the Missions to Seamen, las come to us with good credential*. In settling in at the Mission some rather startling facts reveal them selves, which reflect tremendous credit upon Mr. and Mrs. Bassett, who for years lived at the Mission so unconi ilalningly, that many of us had no dea of the discomforts they had en dured. The most simple and necessary things for the humblest of homes were not possible in a Naval Train ing Drill Hall. Bynod should know of the self- sacrifice which has been so gladly endured for the Mission by the ate caretaker*. Mr. and Mrs. BasBett. and Mr. Watson. The outlook of the Mission is now different; but it will be more expen slve. because we have a whole time man as well as his wife, thinking and working for the Mission. We are able to report to Bynod that In future all ships will be visited and that the Mis sion will be a home for the seamen visiting our port. But the caretaker must be paid, and the place made a little less uncomfortable, for the laborer is worthy of his hire. It is with gratitude and confidence that this report is made to Synod. Some discouraging symptoms which have revealed themselves, such as sap the power to work, when a man has a Job to do, and Is unable to do it, are be ing lifted. The city of Townsvllle. which depends so much upon the busi ness of her port, owes a great deal to the Mission, and the Harbor Lights Guild who have not spared themselves in looking after the seamen who bring so much prosperity to our shores. The report was submitted by Rev. Canon J. A. Cue, who said there was very little to report about, but they had a more hopeful future. For a num ber of years they had been endeavor ing to get money to finance their work, but the policy had now changed and the Mission was setting out on work believing that the response would come from the people. They in tended that Mr. Nelll, the lay reader, who had now given his whole time to the Mission, would visit every ship. Mr. Nelll was doing that work very faithfully and was encouraging the men to avail themselves of the Mis B 'Si Nelll stated Townsville was the sixth port in Australia and was used by shipping whose tonnage was three and a half millions. At an average of 50 men per ship and 5,000 tons to the ship, they could get some idea of the numbers of seamen who vlBlted the port. For the information of Synod he gave out that during May 712 seamen visited the Mission and 50 per cent attended chapel. In June the total number of visitors was 1.569 and 75 per cent, attended chapel. The seaman carried a great burden In peace as well as war and he hoped Synod would adopt the report with a feeling of sympathy. Rev I Butterworth congratulated Mie Hon. Chaplain (Canon Cue) and Mr. Nelll on the work now being per formed for the men of Brlta n s 'Second Navy,' the Mercantile Marine. His Lordship informed Synod that Mr. Nelll had served for three yearB under the Rev. Frank Oliver at the Missions to Seamen. Melbourne, and knew all about the work. It now be hoved members of Synod to get to work and tell their friends that Un real Interests of the sailor were being studied. It was necessary now that the work should be built up. If Mb memory Berved him correctly he had read that Townsville was now classi fied as the fifth seaport of Australia and the work would have to be ade nuatelv financed. Having interested their friends in the Missions to Sea men, they should be able to ask them for their half guineas— The Chaplain: My Lord, the annual subscription Is one irulnea (Laughter). The report was adooted. 