ALIEN IMMIGRATION The President of the Victorian Legislative Council (Sir Frank Clarke) has made serious allega tions against aliens who have come to Australia seeking refuge from terror and oppression in Europe. For the members of the Malvern branch of the A.W.N.L., he- painted an ugly picture of physical uniitness, broken down living standards, and the eva sion of industrial laws. So sweep ing was his condemnation that the Prime Minister has promised an im mediate inquiry. There is another siae ro tne pic ture. The Commonwealth Govern ment has agreed to take a share of the European refugees, and in thai way is doing the little that may be expected of any humanitar ian government. Furthermore, all the aliens coming here cannot be lumped into the class which Sir Frank Clarke so bitterly reviled. If his charges are supported, the public will require to Know wuai method of selection is used by the Commonwealth officers abroad, and whether it gives a degree of protec tion equal to that envisaged by the Miens' Kegistration Bill, which will police the evils complained of by Sir Frank Clarke. It is obvious that if ever we are to have enough people to defend our country we must greatly in crease immigration. Industrious tradesmen or good rural workers are not disposed to leave the United Kingdom in any numbers for Aus tralia, and English unemployables would be just as valueless here as tney are at nome. we near a goou deal about the excellence of Dutch, Danish, and Norwegian settlers, but we cannot afford to b.e high-handed about the non- Nordic immigrants, especially as there is always th& unpleasing possibility that we may yet have an influx of colored people, although uninvited. Careful selection abroad and ade quate supervision once the aliens are here should suffice to guard Australian standards and prevent exploitation. Often, the alien errs through ignorance. Some, no doubt, are entirely unsuited to Australian conditions. Certainly Australia does iot want undesirables. She does not want the incorrigible product of bad Jiving and bad government. . But Australia does need, and is willing to give shelter to men and women — intelligent, healthy, and hard working- — who are eager to make a ?iew start in an under -populated and partly-developed young country. One's pity naturally goes out to 'he homeless and dispossessed. But neither pity nor prejudice should, en 'he one hand, permit an influx of ?madaptable types, or, oh the other, ?ixelude from this country trades men, artisans, and professional men willing to work under Australian conditions and eager to qualify for British nationality. 