WARSHIPS WAIT German Ship Not Interned SMAY HAVE CARRIED MUNITIONS (Australian Associated Press.) NEW YORK, December 22. (Australian Associated Press.) Several warships are waiting off Port Everglades (Florida), where the German cargo vessel Araucd took refuge after having been chased along the coast by a Brit ish cruiser. The ship has not .been interned, and it is believed she is awaiting an opportunity to leave her shel ter. Fort Lauderdale coastguards are in vestigating reports that the German ves sel mnight have heen carrying monitions? when she entered the port. Watchers claim that objects were jettisoned as she fled. The Washington correspondent of the "New York Times" says the Treasury reveals that the Arauca carried 800 to 500 toos of oil. A Maritime Commission official de. clares that this is more than double the requirements of the voyage to hlam burg, hut the Treasury believes that it does not justify the suspicion that the vessel was prep?aring fuel for a German warship. Columbus Seamen Regarded As Distressed All members of the Colhtnbus crew whom immigration inspectors have ex amined hare been graded bona fide dis treooed seamen. entitled to a slav of t0 days in the United Stoteo. Bendinc the! examination of the remainder of the crew and the completion of formalities they will remain at Ellite Island over Christmas. The 32,581-ton German liner Columbus was scuttled in the North Atlantic when overtaken by a British warship. In Lifeboat for 36 Hours LONDON, December 22. Two Nazi planes bombed and suno the British trawler River Annan (204 tons), which was carryine the crew of the Danish vessel Bogo, of 1214 tons. The Boco had also been sunk. Britons and Danes drifted together for 36 hours in a lifeboat in a rough sea. Ther were ulmost frozen when rescued by the Norweul on vessel, Rogaland, whichs lanud ed them at Kopervik. The Britons de clared that planes also machine-gunned the trawler, but nobody was hurt. From Amsterdam it Is reported that the Comitas was mined in the North Sei. The vessel woo towed by tog to b?'luohiog (a Ngetherlands port). T.[hirty. of the crew, some wounded, were taken oshsore. The 224ton Danish vesoel Vega, carry ing gold, was also mined and sunk. Six of the crew were wounded. All were -s~ecurd, Severn] merchantmen nave been driven ashore on the Norwegian coast during snowstorms. Dutch Protest Against British Blockade The Netherlands Government is re ported to have protested again against Britain's blocks'de of German goods car ried by neutral vessels. 