THE WESTERN FRONT. Contact Units Active. LONDON, Dec. 20.-A French war communique issued last night reported marked activity by contact units on the western front during the day. According to semi-official information in Paris French front line troops repulsed four German raids between the Moselle River and the Vosges yesterday after- noon. Heavy artillery broke up the strongest attack, in which the German strength was estimated at one company. The Germans were forced to retire* in confusion, leaving arms and material be- hind. Yesterday's German communique stated:-"There is local reconnaissance and artillery activity near Perl (close to the Luxemburg frontier) against Ham- melsberg and the Kitssing-Merschweiler Line. There has beep,-harassing fire south of Pirmasens (east of the Saar)." It was added:-"Only French soldiers can be discovered along the front. The British are keeping some distance from the front lines." In connection with this German con- tention it will be recalled that British patrols were in action some days ago. The first B.E.F. casualties announced in- clude a lieutenant killed on active ser- vice on December 17 and another lieu- tenant who died of wounds on Decem- ber 16. It is reported from the B.E.F. head- quarters in France that some British front line units have been relieved for the first time and are now resting in billets behind the Maginot Line. Scots are among those now in the advanced -positions. Tommies are patrolling no man's-land with one eye on the enemy and the other on supplies for Christmas dinner from deserted farmyards. One county regiment has already had Christ- mas dinner preparatory to moving up to the front line. Other troops are adorning the trenches and dug outs. All aire stated to be in excellent spirits. Neutral Forebodings. LONDON, Dec. 21.-The accumulating evidence of the exceptionally heavy con- centration of German troops and war material at the northern end of the west- ern front and behind the borders of j Luxemberg, Belgium and Holland, is caus- ing increasing concern in the neutral countries. According to the latest reports the German forces in this ¡zone are now estimated at 1,250,000 men, with artillery and mechanised support. Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands, in a pre-Christmas broadcast yesterday, said: "We, as a nation and as individuals, are being sorely tried at present. Never within the memory of man has there been such an indescribable contrast between the beauty of God's promise and our torn and disabled world." Luxemburg, the tiny and virtually de- fenceless Grand Duchy, has decided, be- cause of the increasing activity on her borders, to extend her defence measures, although it is officially pointed out that this does not mean that an invasion is feared. Guards have been increased on public buildings to avoid a possible panic. Luxemburg has frontiers both with Ger- many and France at the northern end of the western front proper. In the last war Luxemburg was overrun by German armies. It is noted in reports from Berlin that ¿ ' the principal Nazi Party newspaper "Völ- kischer Beobachter," published yesterday a further warning to neutral countries concerning the conduct of neutrality, It declared that neutral countries would either do as Germany directed or suffer . the same fate as Poland, and it added: "It is only logical that small countries should adapt themselves to the require- ments of their greater neighbours. Poland decided to serve the ends of British imperialism and suffered a lesson which all countries should take to heart. . . . German relations with Hungary and Yugoslavia illustrates that Germany de- mands only a continuance of normal peace-time relations, unlike Britain, who is using all means to draw neutrals into the conflict." At the Front. LONDON, Dec. 21.-French war com- muniques report that there was nothing . of importance on the western front yes- terday but today there is patrol activity by both sides in the Saar region. The German official newsagency says that increased patrol activity on the western front is due "to a spontaneous desire by officers and soldiers to locate the British positions," for the British, it says, a particularly warm welcome is being prepared and the Germans will devote more vigorous attention to them than to the French. Nazis "Poised for Attack." LONDON, Dec. 21.-Last night's French communique reported a marked recrudescence of aerial activity in Alsace and Lorraine, -but this morning lt was stated that there was "nothing to re- port." The spokesman of the French War Of- fice stated that the Germans were poised for an attack on the frontiers of Bel- gium, Holland and Luxemburg, as was the case in November. They could probably move within 48 hours of receiving march- ing orders. "The chances of success are more remote," he added. "It is a case of forewarned is forearmed." Defences at both ends of the Maginot Line are being still further strengthened. The French Prime Minister (M. Dala dier), who made this announcement in the Chamber of Deputies this morning, also said that French casualties were 1,136 in the army, 256 in the navy, and 42 in the air force. It is reported also that the Siegfried Line is undergoing an extension east- wards at its southern end, along the Rhine as far as Lake Constance. M. Daladier Broadcasts. PARIS, Dec. 25.-Communiques issued since Friday have all announced quiet on the western front or stated-as in the case of this morning's announcement that there was "nothing to report," or "no important event during the day." The communiques of the Berlin High Command have been in line with this state of affairs. This morning the German announcement added:-"Ger- man aircraft suspended activity yester- day." A message from Lille on Saturday re- ported that Customs officers arrested a German deserter crossing the frontier, who said he wanted to fight against Hit- ler. In a Christmas broadcast last night the Prime Minister (M. Daladier) said: "We shall not take the initiative, inflict- ing new sufferings, but shall return each blow. Germany has fought her wars on other people's territory for a century. This time we shall keep an exact account of all her crimes. We are fighting not against other peoples but against war it- self. We think of the people of Prague, who anxiously sit in their homes while the mocking laughter of the victors sounds in their city. We think of the desolation and misery in Warsaw, where typhus is raging, now that bombs and shells have destroyed the people's free- dom. May all peoples understand that they cannot prevent aggression by tremb- ling before the aggressor, but by putting up a barrage of courage and determina- tion." Christmas Day Activity. LONDON, Dec. 26.-The war com- munique issued in Paris this morning stated that the night had been quiet . along the entire length of the western front, except for German loudspeakers broadcasting "pure French records" for the benefit of the French troops. Yesterday morning's French communi- que said that there was nothing to report. Themight communique stated that enemy patrols had been repulsed east of the Moselle. This enemy activity dashed hopes that a truce similar to that of 1914 would be kept. Sentries and gun crews were unwaveringly vigilant, but fog and frost stopped all except essential move- ment and immobilised the air forces. The war zone was blanketed with white mist, roads were ice-coated and trees ghostly and white-mantled. Their Majesties'. Christmas cards were delivered to each man as he enjoyed a near-normal Christ- mas dinner. An extra wine ration was issued to the French outposts in the Saar and Pala- tinate areas last night and extra choco- late and rum to the British soldiers. Escape After Capture. LONDON, Dec. 26.-A brief message from the French front early last "week stating that Germany's first prisoners had escaped shortly after capture has now been amplified by the story of a bearded, heavyweight sergeant of the French African Sharpshooters and two of his men. For three days che Germans sent scout ing parties against an advanced post held by a young lieutenant and 28 Sharpshooters, who drove them back. Then on the fourth day the Germans came in greater force, yelling "Heil Hit- ler" and "Surrender." The attack was supported by intense artillery fire, the post was surrounded and three men were taken prisoner. The raiders were caught in crossfire from thif-e French posts and made a difficult withdrawal with their prisoners. Two of the three escorts were shot, whereupon the bearded sergeant saw his chance and gave the remaining escort a punch on the jaw and knocked him out. The three prisoners fled back to their own lines and received six bullets on their backs, but reached safety with the, help of their comrades, who will probably be decorated. The raid vu one of the most desperate oí many unsuccessful German attempts to secure prisoners, with the5*object of learning the disposition of Prench^roops. WAR IN AIR. Small Ships Bombed. LONDON, Dec. 20.-British reports state that a total of 26 British vessels have been attacked by German planes in the North Sea since Sunday, but not all of those attacked were sunk. The vessels, which include a number of ships which have already been reported lost, were mostly defenceless trawlers. A Berlin High Command communique issued today said: "As far as is ascertain able four more vessels belonging to the British light naval forces were destroyed by bombs during a German reconnais- sance over the North Sea, which was car- ried out in very unfavourable weather. A large British flying boat was also brought down. The German Air Force has de- stroyed 23 British patrol vessels during the past three days." The German list includes the Evelina and Sedgefly which were reported yesterday to be overdue. There is no news of their crews, totalling 25 men. In 'addition to the ships named in earlier reports, German airmen sank the trawler Zealous. The crew landed on the east coast of Scotland yesterday after 13 hours in an open boat. The trawler Asros returned safely after bombs had missed her. The trawler Ocean View was slightly damaged but none of the crew was hurt. A German bomber, flying o-. :r the North Shetlands yesterday, attacked six unarmed trawlers. One reached the islands with two dead and two wounded. A report from Oslo today states that a German warplane sank the British trawler Trinity by bombing her when she was fishing close to Norwegian ter- ritorial waters. Survivors were found clinging to planks by a Danish fishing boat. It is said that the Trinity was blown to pieces and the crew were ma- chine-gunned as they were struggling in the water. One was wounded by a bullet. The bombs killed none, bat one man was drowned and another died from exhaustion after the rescue. Empire Beyond Challenge. 1 LONDON, Dec. 19.-In a broadcast on the Dominions air training scheme today, the Secretary of State for Air (Sir Kings- ley Wood) said that the scheme would put British ascendancy over the enemy far beyond challenge. Sir Kingsley ex- pressed the view that, considering the size of a scheme which could give an annual output of pilots and air crews greater than the full standing strength of the Royal Air Force as it was not so long ago, the Empire had done a fine job in fixing up such an inspiring construc- tive plan in such a short time. "It will indeed be a great demonstration of Empire unity when men from the Royal Canadian Air Force, the Royal Aus- tralian Air Force, the Royal New Zealand Air Force and our own Royal Air Force are trained together in safe Canadian fly- ing training schools," he said. He quoted some impressive figures given by the Canadian Prime Minister (Mr. McKenzie King) to -indicate the magnitude of the training effort required from Canada alone. There would be 67 training schools in Canada, Including a service flying' school, ten observer schools, three gun- nery schools, five wireless schools and two for navigation. The staffs alone would number 40,000. Some 60 new aero- dromes were being constructed, and 20 existing aerodromes enlarged. The scheme would call for many thousands of air- craft, the bulk of which would be sup- plied by the United Kingdom, but each Dominion would supply locally-made air- craft to an increasing extent from its own manufacturing resources. While negotiations had been in progress the par- ticipating Governments had been going ahead with the preliminary steps of the rapid execution of this great plan. In connection with Sir Kingsley Wood's estímate that the Empire training scheme will put British air superiority beyond challenge, informed air circles in Britain give interesting facts comparing the rela- tive efficiency of the British and German air forces today. They point out that not a single British fighter aircraft has been shot down in the United Kingdom since the outbreak of war, while R.A.F. Fighter Command aircraft have brought down nearly half the German bomber and re- connaissance aircraft engaged by them during the first two active months of the war. During 51 engagements over Bri- tish land or sea in October and Novem- ber, 21 German raiders were destroyed. Of these 13 were seen to strike the ground or water. It is also known that many more failed to return to. Germany. In all these engagements only one British pilot was wounded, and that slightly. "Security Patrol." LONDON. Dec. 19.-Royal Air Force "security patrols" were active last night, over the Friesian Islands. No bombs were dropped, according to the official report. Neutral sources report that the R.A.F. bombed two seaplane bases. A semi-official statement from Berlin states that a second British raid on the Friesian Islands was made yesterday evening. Bombs were dropped but no damage was done and the planes were j driven off by gunfire. 1 German Imagination. LONDON, Dec. 20.-Observers in Lon- don claim to discern an increasing degree of nervous excitability which appears to have affected the German official mind during the last few days in relation to the war in the air. It is pointed out that on Monday the German agencies de- scribed in great detail an air battle over Sylt which never took place. This, it is thought, was done for the purpose of helping bolster up fantastic figures of aircraft said to be engaged and brought down in the action over Heligoland Bight on that day. Yesterday this feat of imagination was surpassed by an even more remarkable series of inventions. Sylt was again the arena chosen and details were given of the length of time taken by the opera-' tions. The tactics of the British air-; craft were described, as well as their, engagement by German fighters. But, not content with this, the German agen- cies ' went much further and actually in- vented an attack on the towns ol Hoernum »nd.Rantum. An official denial oí thia was issued last night by the Air Ministry,' Not only is the German account devoid ol truth in every detail, tout the state- ments themselves provide material for their own refutation. For the imagina- tive zeal of the authors of these reports has betrayed them into giving the most1 circumstantial details in relation to time. For example, we read that "at 2 p.m. people at Sylt saw British bombers at a great height attacking Rantum." It is authoritatively stated, however, that there were no British aircraft within hundreds of miles of Sylt at that time. The reason for these fantastic inven- tions, it is suggested, is an attempt to justify, by inventing a British attack on German towns, the new*1 and flagrant breaches of international law and decency which German aircraft are com- mitting in their attacks on unarmed fishermen. Planes Over Britain. LONDON, Dec. 22.-German planes appeared over the Firth of Forth, Scot- land, today. British fighters made con- tact with one Heinkel at a considerable height. After being engaged twice the enemy machine dived into clouds and disappeared. Two other Heinkels flew along the east coast and one circled over a town. Machine-gun fire was heard and the machine flew off to sea, leaving a trail of white smoke. As an instance of British supremacy in air fighting it can be stated that not a single British fighter has been shot down in the United King- dom since the outbreak of war, yet dur- ing SI engagements over British land or sea in October and November 21 Ger- man raiders were destroyed, being nearly half the enemy aircraft engaged by the Royal Air Force fighter command ma- chines. Heligoland Battle. LONDON, Dec. 24.-Details of the air battle over Wilhelmshaven on December 18 are still being sorted out from the mass of information obtained as a result of study of the reports of individual mem- bers of each crew, and a clear picture of the action is beginning to take form. The leader of the formation summed up the great battle thus: "This was, in fact, the biggest aerial battle ever fought. At a hazard I should think there were about 80 to 100 aircraft engaged. We were greatly outnumbered and out- manoeuvred because of the higher-speed fighters. The crews fired shot for shot and gave better than they got. Most of our crews were under fire for the first time and they have returned confident that on the next occasion the enemy will suffer a far heavier blow. All the crews were surprised at the performance of the German aircraft and their determina- tion to press home the attack. We felt they were worthy opponents." It seems probable that the German Command was very dissatisfied with the results of operations over Heligoland on December 3, in which a formation of Wellingtons attacked warships and hit two cruisers. On that occasion large numbers of Messerschmitts were dis- patched to intercept formations, but their attacks were ineffective and they failed to make any impression on close and strong formations of Wellington bombers. At least one Messerschmitt was destroyed and others forced down. ,As the British formations entered Heli- goland Bight on December 18 they were almost immediately. met by enemy fighters, though not at that time in large numbers. These fighters were easily dis poséd of and only one attempted the desperate task of closing with one of the bomber sections and was immediately shot down. But as the group of forma- tions approached its objective at Wil- helmshaven the skies began quickly to fill with German fighters of various types, which attacked them from all directions. The fighting quickly became intense, as crack fighter squadrons strained every nerve to find a means to break down the close and tightly-packed sections. Then, as the bombers came over Wilhelmshaven, they were exposed to the full blast of the anti-aircraft .de- fences of the naval base. The Germans hoped in this way to 'force the forma- tions to open out so that their fighters might be able to deal with them individu- ally, and it was only after our bombers had completed their task that the main attack developed in a supreme effort to break up the formations, which hitherto had held so strongly together.' As the action developed the casualties on both sides began to mount. The heavy, concentrated fire of the formations had resulted in so many losses to the Messerschmitts that, in a last desperate attempt to break down the ordered array of the bomber sections, Messerschmitt ME 110 machines attempted most speer tacular attacks at great speed on the beam of the formations, trying to sweep them with-fire from stern to stem. But even this manoeuvre had little success and many of the German aircraft were shot down, the beam attack giving the gunners an excellent target at close range. The defeat of this final effort was the last phase of the action and our air gunners, excited and tired, had the satisfaction of seeing the last remaining fighters disappearing towards their own shore. In the opinion of experts, the laurels in the battle undoubtedly go to the Wel- lington bombers, which resisted a most desperate, and, it is conceded, a most courageous and dashing effort to break them up and destroy them. Plying wing- tip to wing-tip they held together in spite of anti-aircraft fire and continuous at- tacks from every direction of the enemy's most modern^fighter aircraft. Again and again enemy lighters daring to close were shot down and the bombers continued on their course unchecked and unshaken. Some fared less well than others and some were lost, fighting to the end with a gallantry to which the Germans them- selves bear witness. British and German Claims. LONDON, Dec, 23,-Aerial combats along the east coast of Britain and on the western front yesterday probably re- sulted in the destruction of two German I and two British planes. One of the ! Heinkels which was sighted neat the ! Firth of Forth, yesterday morning Is be- j lieved .» hr.ve been brought down. ' The Air Ministry announces that on the western front four Messerachmitt 100 fighters dived from a cloud and attacked three Brlclth fighterrpatrol planes. Two British machines and one Messerschmitt were £hot dcwn. A second Messerschmitt was driven down, but was not seen to crash. A Berlin communique claims that Ger- man fighters shot down two French fighters north-west of Metz, and that air force reconnaissance Sights continued over France, Britain and the North Sea. It was reported in Paris yesterday that British planes had bombed German war- ships and patrolled their seaplane bases in the past 24 hours. . i ON THE SEA. British Steamer Sunk. LONDON, Dec. 19.-The loss of the British steamer City of Kor» (4,373 tons) in the North Sea was reported today. Fifty-two of her crew, most of then In- dians, are missing. A Danish steamer j has been sunk by a mine and survivors have been landed in Britain from an- other Danish ship and a Norwegian ves- sel which have been lost. The City of Kobe, which was owned by Ellerman Lines, is believed to have been sunk by a torpedo. Five British and 13 Indian members of the crew have been landed on the east coast. Ten British and 42 Indians are missing. The sur- vivors revealed that German planes un- successfully attempted to bomb the vessel during the week-end and fired on ber with their machine guns. Survivors from the Norwegian steamer Glitrefjell (1,568 tons), which was sunk in the North Sea, have arrived at a Scottish port. Five of the crew are missing. Survivors have also been landed, on the north-east coast, from the Dan- ish steamer Jytte (1,877 tons), which was sunk in the North Sea. One pf the survivors has been taken to hospital. The Copenhagen correspondent of the British United Press states that a mine sank. the Danish steamer Bogo (1,214 tons). The crew was picked up by a trawler. Air Attacks on Ships. LONDON, Dec. 20.-German planes have attacked 35 vessels in the North Sea in the last three days, sinking a small coastal steamer and six trawlers. Among the ships attacked were two owned by neutral countries and three belonging to the Navy. The recent German campaign of bomb- ing and machine-gunning unarmed trawlers and small fishing vessels, which is provoking considerable indignation in Britain, is generally considered to result from the failure of German endeavours both in their illegal mine-laying cam- paign and all other forms of sea war- fare. Mr. J. M. Hall, the skipper of the trawler Isabella Greig, has given an account of how his ship was bombed and machine-gunned by German aircraft last Sunday-an example^ typical of many such cowardly and merciless attacks. Liner Scuttled. LONDON, Dec. 20.-The Admiralty an- nounced at 2.10 o'clock this morning that the German liner Columbus (32,565 tons)-one of the first IS liners in the world for size-had been set on fire by ; her crew 400 miles north of Bermuda on sighting a British warship, and that her crew had abandoned her. The Columbus, a North German-Lloyd liner, built at Danzig and completed in 1922, was lying a week ago in Anton I Lizardo Bay (in the Gulf of Mexico). It was reported on December 14 that she had sailed, carrying 25,000 barrels of oil and special equipment for refuelling submarines. NEW YORK, Dec. 20.-Fleeing from a British cruiser, the new German freigh- ter Arauca took refuge yesterday in a Florida port. She was reported last i week to be at Vera Cruz (Mexico). The scuttling of the Columbus and forcing of the Arauca into port have brought the war closer to the United States than at any previous time since the outbreak. Thousands of German Americans living in New York's '"German section" gathered in bars and on street corners last night, discussing the Reich's latest setback. There was consternation at the New York offices of the North German-Lloyd Line when the news was received. "Oh, my God," said the man ! ager (Mr. John Schroederits), "one blow ' after another." As the Columbus was un- armed, he said, he believed the crew would be entitled to an indefinite stay in the United States. The line would take care of them. Asked whether they would be returned to Germany, he replied: [ "How could they be?" ' The first news of the Columbus dis- aster came from Norfolk (Virginia), where Admiral Taussig announced yes- terday afternoon that the United States 10,000-ton. cruiser Tuscaloosa had re- ported by radio that the Columbus was being scuttled 300 miles north-east of Cape Henry (Virginia) and that the cruiser was standing by to pick up the crew. In Washington" soon after it was stated that the Tuscaloosa had dis- covered the Columbus in a sinking con- dition outside »the Pan-American neu- trality zone. A British warship was nearby, but there was no evidence of a fight. The Tuscaloosa was bringing the survivors to an American port. A United Press dispatch yesterday afternoon from Fort Lauderdale (Flo- rida) stated:-"The German freighter Arauca (completed this year), fleeing from a British cruiser, anchored today in Port Everglades (in south-western Florida), ending a chase up the Florida coast in which a shot was fired across her bows in an attempt to halt her. Port officials said that if she was unarmed the Arauca would be allowed to remain indefinitely, but if armed she must de- part within 24 hours." The Washington correspondent of the "New York Times" said last night:-"There is a strong pos- sibility that the Arauca will be declared a German auxiliary naval vessel and in- terned. It is understood that an investi- gation has been ordered to determine how the vessel, which left Vera Cruz five days ago with her declared destination New j Orleans, happened to be near Florida, j Ase she is carrying Mexican oil, it is be- lieved she was possibly preparing to re- fuel a warship." Scuttled Columbus, NEW YORK, Dec. 21.-The United ' States, cruiser Tuscaloosa arrived in Mew York'yesterday afternoon with 579 mern* bers of the crew of the German liner Columbus (32,565 tons), which left Mexi- can waters on December 14 and was set on fire and abandoned on Tuesday when challenged by a British destroyer 400 miles north of Bermuda. The Germans were taken to Ellis Island. The immigration authorities have ruled that they are distressed seamen and as such are entitled to enter the United States legally without visas. They must, however, be shipped to a foreign country within 60 days. The master of the Columbus, Captain Wilhelm Daehne (who was interned In Australia during the Great \»ar) re- vealed that the liner left Vera Cruz "escorted by American destroyers." "There were always one or two American cruisers with us in the beginning," he said. "They were friendly, signalling 'God Speed,' 'a safe return home' and "Merry Christmas' as they left." He revealed that the Tuscaloosa began escorting the Columbus last Monday. "At 2.30 p.m. on Tuesday," he said, "a destroyer appeared to starboard, nearing as very quickly. At 2.55 I could make out the British flag. A minute later I gave the general alarm to scuttle and burn the ship. I had drilled the crew for a month for this and they knew what to do. At 2.57 the de- stroyer signalled: 'Stop immediately; we are sending a boat.' At 3.5 she fired two shots across our bow. I ordered the lifeboats to be lowered." The nine women aboard were stewardesses, he said, who had insisted on accompanying th . Colum- bus. The two missing firemen were "happy-go-lucky fellows.. Evidently they delayed too long in leaving and perished with the ship." Asked why he left the safety of a neutral port, Captain Daehne shrugged his shoulders and replied: "If you get an order you fulfil that order." Langsdorff's Suicide. NEW YORK, Dec. 21.-The newspapers comment at length on the suicide in Buenos Aires on Tuesday night of Cap- tain Hans Langsdorf!, commander of the German pocket -battleship Admiral Graf Spee, who, on Hitler's order, scuttled his ship in the River Plate outside Monte- video on Sunday evening. A message from Buenos Aires says that his German associates said they hid been expecting Captain Langsdorff to commit suicide since the order, believed to be directly from Hitler, forced him igno- miniously to scuttle the Admiral Graf Spee instead of resuming the battle, as he desired. On Tuesday night he gave his camera and other personal effects to a member of the staff of the German Lega- tion, saying:-"Take these, I shall not need them any more." He called all his officers to the hotel, where he was ac- commodated and chatted for over three hours. Shortly after midnight he arose and circled the room shaking hands with each. He then retired, requesting that he should not be disturbed. When his body was discovered next morning there were near it three -letters, one to the German Embassy, one to his wife and one to his parents. Captain Langsdorff presumably used his own pistol. Argen- tine officials later explained that the Ger- man officers were not relieved of their swords and pistols, which were regarded as personal adornments, not belligerent weapons. His body yesterday lay in state tn the Argentine naval arsenal. The burial, with full honours, will take place in the German cemetery this afternoon.^ "What Fuehrer Expected." BERLIN, Dec. Jil.-The naval high command in a communique last night said: "The navy understands and es- teems Captain Langsdorff's act. As a fighter and htro, he did what the Fueh- rer, the German people and the navy expected. He was faithful to the ancient tradition and followed his ship." A Week's Toll. LONDON, Dec. 26.-During the week ended December 23, according to a state- ment issued by the Admiralty yesterday, ten British ships aggregating 6,581 tons and eight neutral vessels of a total ton- nage of 10,839 had been sunk as a result ¡of enemy action. An Oslo message says that the Norwegian steamer Lappen (563 j tons), which was bound for England with a cargo of paper, sank after an ex- plosion in the North Sea. The crew of 13 was saved. Another, and the latest,, victim is the British steamer Stanholme (2,473 tons), which was sunk without warning by a U-boat on Christmas morning three hours after leaving a west coast port. A deck- hand saw the submarine too late to raise an effective alarm. There were two ter- rific explosions and the ship began to sink in four minutes. The crew went overboard and ll, including the chief engineer's wife, clambered into a boat. They were picked up by a Norwegian steamer, but 14 are missing and it is presumed that they were drowned. A British Official Wireless bulletin says:-"The British losses for the week are the Pearl (1S6 tons), Compagnus (270), Serenity (487), Isabella Greig (210), Active (185), Zelos (227), Trinity (203), City of Kobe (4,373), River Earn (203), and Eileen Wray (227). The neutral losses were composed of two Danish, four Swedish, one Norwegian and one Pana- manian* vessel. Two Norwegian ships and one Swedish, totalling 4,604 tons, were sunk on December 16, but the news arrived too late for inclusion in- last week's total." Germany, by the scuttling of the liner Columbus ir, order to avoid capture, lost 32,565 tons, so that the excess German loss was 15,145 tons. Gallantry Rewarded. LONDON, Dec. 25.-Decorations for gallantry have been awarded to a num- ber of naval officers and other ranks. The Distinguished Service Order has been conferred on Lieut.-Commander J. G, D. Ouvry and Lieut-Commander Roger Lewis for "courageously and skil- fully securing and stripping live mines regardless of their own safetv." Lieutenant J. H. Eaden, commanding the submarine Spearfish, has been awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and Chief Engine-room Artificer Feel and Petty Officer Blackmore the Distinguished Service Medal for gallantry when their crafts was attacked with depth charges. 