FLEEING FROM "CULTURE" | — — ' ' fgftj IN TERROR OF HITLER'S PROTECTION | " , .. -|J| Frantic Jews Arrive in England » | ONDON, March 31 (by Air Mail).— Hurling themselvea on -M L the floor of the hall of Croydon's airport last night ten Czech Jewish refugees fought and pleaded with the police- men who were sending them back by plane to Warsaw. They did not go back (says a Daily Express ..A writer). They threatened to jump out of the plane— and the pilot refused to take off. & The refugees landed at Croydon on Wednesday night and had to spend the night in Wellington Police Station, for their passports were not In order. There were thirteen of them and they had walked" "over the Polish frontier. They hired?, a plane for £500 and, flying at 200 /miles an hour,' had fled from the "Nazi pogrom which has begun In their home town. They were the only Jews to escape. Most of the others left behind In Slo vakia have committed suicide. Three were allowed to stay In England on Wednesday night, but after Inquiries all day yesterday the Home Office ordered the return of the remaining ten. With seven policemen guarding them they arrived In two Black Marias. Gaol — and the Inside of the Black Marias— was all they had seen of Eng land. They waited apparently quiet and resigned on the wooden seats In the hall. Then they were told to go out to their plane, which had been searched by police and Customs and was wait ing for them. One man suddenly threw himself on the ground and began to beat the 'floor. The two women burst out crying and clinging to the policeman, pleaded with other passengers who were going over to Paris. The men refused to move and cried: "We will be shot." One asked for the Czech Consul Another offered money, but they all had to be dragged out of the hall on to the tarmac. , One man was carried Into, the plane. Another was left clinging to the seat In the hall, and just as two police men picked him up by the legs and arms an official from the . Immigration Department came rushing through the door and said, "There Is a permit for Vorosov." He was the man being carried out. The police brought him back and told him he could stay here. He cried, and clutching the policeman who had been driving him out, started kissing him all over the face. He shook hands all round with all the policemen, kissed the hands of the sergeant. And then he collapsed. The rest, who had no permits, no friends In England who could guar antee their keep, and no capital, had to be taken out to the plane. The police— unhappy in - their job, but firm— had such difficulty In getting them out that they did not notice there were only nine. One man had- escaped. He ran across the Purlny- way, over the grounds of trie swimming pool and through some factories. He wandered in a semi-circle and came out on the Purley-way again, where a police car sent to chase him picked him up. He was led back to the other nine. The refugees then began to beat the sides of the plane and hammered at the windows, breaking one of them. The Danish pilot refused to take them. "They are crazy," he said to the police sergeant. Later he told me he , was afraid they would commit suicide by throwing themselves out of the door of the plane. Black' Marias came back and the unhappy nine were taken out of the plane and back to gaol. They will leave by boat to-day in handcuffs. Heartbreak House. These refugees have no visas or permits for any country. They have already tried to land in Copenhagen where they were refused. They came on to London as a last chance. Croydon . was heartbreak house for other Jews yesterday. More than 500 refugees came by plfmn from Vienna, Prague, Berlin/ Cologne and other parts of- 'middled Europe' where there is fear of perse-; cutlon. , | At one time there were sixty of them? waiting in the pen at the Immigration! Office. Czech Jews have yet one more : day in which to get out of England, without a visa. On April 1 it will be necessary to! have a visa like other German. States, g Some of them have very little money| on which to start life. i A party of' Ruthenlan jews, Who Included a priest, had' only thirty-three marks among them. This was changed at the bureau into £1/0/10. The priest had' nothing to declare except religious raiment. He was an orthodox Jew with a long square beard, a satin kaftan and beaver hat, and three umbrellas tied together -.wltoU string, . ' ' ' ' !f There were other unusual air. pas-f sengers travelling without the iisualff sense of luxury. One refugee, asked ifi he had anything to declare, opened hlsif case and showed a shirt and news-it paper. He had nothing else. 1 , On the plane from Cologne' came aw woman with a two-year-old child. ForS half an hour she was delayed whilejs Immigration authorities looked through?) her papers. «|ij She sat frantically kissing the chliSv; and trying to keep It happy while she?; realised that within a few minutes It .'J would be decided whether they werejf allowed to stay. .jij Doll "Declared." j She passed through the barrier andf let the child run into the Customs! shed In red rompers and a little redfc kilt. The child ran the whole length! of the Customs shed, throwing herl dummy on the floor and giggling and| squealing with pleasure at being let); loose again. ;| Some of the refugees brought a few? flowers and sprigs of lilac. Another child member of a family of five Jews! was asked If she had anything to! declare and held up a doll. f All day these families had gone? through the airport waiting for. one ( stamp from the Immigration officer t that would allow them into the/ country. I Several of them had been detained/ and their friends were still behind tho) Customs barrier after waiting for slxi hours. ' i The officials were as gentle as they! could be. The refugees were allowed! cigarettes, cups of tea and, under; escort, could telephone to friends. Many of them had their lunch in; paper bags and they sat around eating; and crying. Others who had got' through had only Czech money and' the bureau could not accept it as there < Is no rate of exchanged One of the most dignified of all . the refugees yesterday was Emlle Strauss' from Memel. He Is 83 years of ago and has neyer been out of his country 'i before. 1 Yesterday he went into an airplane and took the journey as calmly' as if it! was a bus ride. . . : He was met by his son, who: fledj to England a few weeks ago. Many of the refugees are ironically enough! flying to freedom In German planes, which have had to double their ser vices in the last few days. . All day I stood In the crowds of relatives and friends who wait behind! the barrier hour after hour until the person they have come to meet Is 1 released. d They are beginning to learn a little/ English already. Their friends on the'! other side of the barrier know only ( German, the country that has rejected them. :: 