London News and Views THE THIRD AT ETON LONDON. Tune 10. (From Our Own Correspondent.) ECAUSE the Vkj U year fell on J and because i— England and not a Continental country, Eton held its famous Fourth of June celebrations on the third. For once they had ideal weather, and the occasion was so gene rally bedutiful arid jolly and gay, that th'e faint odor of snob bery that hangs about Eton was overborne by the general charm of the scene. The Fourth, except for the change In fashions, -has remained much the same for a century — speeches, cricket, par ade of boats, luncheon and so on — and has survived many other of the school's customs. This date was chosen- because It coincided with the birth day of George III., who showed more Interest In the college than any other British monarch had done, except, per-' haps, Henry VI., Its founder. George, It Is said, would walk unceremoniously along the High Street from Windsor Castle, mount the wall outside the chapel and talk with, the boys. When ever possible he was present at the other Eton custom known as "Mon- tem," which took place annually, and which saw the whole school in fancy dress. The only survival of this Is found In the Parade of Boats when the crews of the Eights and especially the coxes, wear costume. This year, as fate would have It, this event provided the only sad note of the occasion. The twelve boats which take part in the Thames procession are called after famous vessels. This year, one of them (the Thetis) had her flag draped In' black, and ns she passed with oars ' rnised In salute, the company on the bank rose to Its feet. Foreign Bodies The refugee problem has done some thing to solve that perennial domestic problem here— the shortage of maids. A great many households now have foreign, servants,. In the kitchen quar-. tors,, or Gorman or1 Czech "ladles com-! ttaaMK" ' ' This'-ifi 'luni' fireates ' mMor I Mary Pickford and Buddy Rogers. and sometimes amusing problems, for the average British housewife is not usually a linguist, and the refugees do not always possess even an elementary knowledge of English, and are often enough professional people, untrained domestically, and non-cookers. Many are sad with the change in their status, their private sorrows and the strange ness of everything. But they are nearly all pathetically grateful for ' friendli ness, freedom and sympathy, and are Intent to show their appreciation In every practical way. For instance, many English households are welcom ing such additions to our habitual and rather monotonous British diet ns Weiner schnitzel and apfel strudl. Mrs. Beatrice MacDonald, a doctor's widow with experience of Immigration and domestic problems in Australia, Is at tempting to organise a hostel to net as n clearing house for woman refu gees to this country, where they will be given a working knowledge of Brit-- ish domestic management. Nice People With Nice Manners We are treated so much to disgusted and devastating comment about "litter louts" and people who despoil the countryside that it is refreshing and encouraging to hear a testimony to the decency and consideration of the pub lic. Recently lord Jersey opened the superb mansion and grounds of Ostcrlcy Park to all comers, -fully expecting a certain amount of mess and damage to result. He was most pleasantly sur- &rlsed;, Although his "visitors" had man ured 6000 at a week end, he was able to .write to tho papers sayirig that, hi- , credible as It seems, there was no damage and no litter; he hopes his visitors enjoyed themselves, and that he and his staff will have the pleasure of seeing them again. As for Lord Jersey's gardeners, they had expected the worst, but their faith In human nature has been restored. All they discovered after the week end's crowds had gone were three empty cigarette packets, and these were tucked away out of sight under a rhododendron bush ! The World's Two Sweethearts Miss Mary Pickford, the world's first film star, seems to most of our cinema- goers a hazy legend. Yet she is here in London again, looking a young 25, her delicate Dresden-china prettine&s;, flaxen hair, likeable smile and blue eyes sufficiently attractive still to en able her to win a second stardom if she would. And she has a pleasant voice and sudden, Impetuous laugh, too, which would go well on the talkies. But beneath those flaxen curls there Is a sufficiently keen business brain to have made her one of the Ave owner- members of United Artists Film Cor poration. The sometime "World's Sweetheart" is on holiday with Buddy Rogers, her husband. It is a hustle through seven European countries, but she Is still finding time to consider various story purchases and other plans for the films, though at present she has no intention of returning to the screen herself. Some of her early storlqa, like My Best Girl and Coquette, are to be remade, she says, as vehicles for Dcanna Durbln, in many ways Mary Pickford's successor as "Universal Sweetheart." Mary Pickford's present hobby Is learning to fly. She hasn't yet made a solo landing, but says she shortly will. Mo doubt when she does it will be neat and efficient, like Mary herself. Good-bye, Mr. Chips The film premiere of the week here was Good-bye, Mr. Chips, presented at the Empire last night. The film was made nearby at the Denham studios, and it needed 153 speaking parts. The story extends over 62 vears, needed four separate sets of boys and masters. Chips himself, played by Robert Donat, is the only character which runs right through It. Sam Wood, the American director, used 2107 boys In the Brook- field school scenes of the film. Before the film was finished he had used up most of his boys, and lie solved the problem by hiring six buses and bor rowing boys from schools in the vicinity of Denham studios. Repton School, In Derbyshire, was used for several of the exterior scenes, but Brookneld was built on tho sound stages of Denham. It required 23 sots in all, including a quadrangle and chape), which took 400 workmen three weeks (o build. Donat was pleased to get the part of the school master; It offers him innumer able chances, of which he takes ad vantage magnificently, for subtle act ing. It Is a splendid film, and although It Is British made and the book Is tne - work of a British author, it was the' American columnist. Aloxanfler 'Wodll- Noel Coward, who is writing another play. colt, who urged Thalberg to make a film of it. When the book was pub lished in America it had a negligible sale until Woollcott read It and recom mended it to Ills mlllioas of readers, whereupon it became a best seller. Hamlet in Situ John Glelgud Is shortly taking a dis tinguished company to Denmark ' to play Hamlet in Elslnore Itself. The event is under the Joint auspices of tho British Council and the Danish Hamlet Festival Committee. He and his com pany. before their departure, will bring the theatrical career of the Lyceum to a close with a short Hamlet season. Last week end Glelgud flew to Den mark to spy out the land, and on a dark night strolled about the ghostly ruins of the castle reciting Hamlet aloud, to test the acoustic properties. The stage will be built in the court yard, and the acoustic properties were so good that even his slightest whisper was clearly audible. Confident Coward Mr. Noel Coward Is writing a new play. With that superb self-assurance which few playrlghts of any nation ality can emulate he Is ablo to an nounce — with his plav only half writ ten — that It will bo produced in the West End In the autumn, and that lie will play In the piece himself. It Is three years since Mr. Coward appeared on tho stage in his own work. 