THE WAR AT SEA AIR BATTLE OVER HELIGOLAND Drab End to Graf Spee Drama LONDON. December 19. Further details of the Heligoland battle on December 18 are revealed. The Germans made 40 attacks on British bombers, one of which shot down five Messerschmitts. It is now believed that the German losses exceeded 12, of which at least six were of the new ME110 type. It is pointed out that the German claim that the British lost 26 planes is ridiculous. The total British machines involved was far less than this number. The leader of the British squadron said: "I saw them collecting like flies between Heligoland and Wilhelms- haven. I spotted at least 25 Messer- schmidts. Even when the battle started we continued our course across German waters. We met heavy anti- aircraft fire from ships and the shore. Some of the Messerschmidts again at- tacked us when we were returning. One of our bombers separted, dived towards the sea, and skimmed the surface. Two Messerschmidts venturing too close were immediately shot down. Another attacked and wounded the rear gunner and damaged our centre gun and the wireless. The second pilot took the gunner's seat but found the ammuni- tion exhausted.'' A moment later the front gunner was wounded and the reserve pilot scrambled from the rear turret to the front gun and beat off the attackers. Another bomber made a forced landing on the sea eight miles from the English coast. The crew escaped in a col- lapsible boat and were picked up by a trawler. A third bomber was dam- aged. Another bomber made a forced landing a few miles from them. AGAIN CLAIMED GREAT TRIUMPH A German communique again claimed a great triumph, describing the engage- ment as the greatest battle of annihila- tion of all time. It mentions the new German destroyer planes and claims that their superiority over thp British planes was well proved. Austrian circles in London point out that Germany for a year has been de- veloping new fighter planes to replace the Messerschmidt 109 and 110 types. The destroyer planes may be there result. R.A.F security patrols were active last night over the Fresian Islands, but no bombs were dropped. Neutral sources report that the Royal Air Force bombed two seaplane bases in Rantum. 52 AIR ENGAGEMENTS. LONDON, DECEMBER 19 In connexion with Sir Kingsley's esti- mate that the Empire air training scheme would put British superiority beyond challenged, informed air circles here 2-~* interesting facts compare the relative ieu- ;- between the Brit- ish and German forces. They point out that not a single British fighter air- craft has been shot down in the United Kingdom since the outbreak of the war, while the R.A.F. bomber command brought down nearly half the German bomber and reconnaissance aircraft en- gaged by them during the first two active months of the war. During ... engagements over British land or sea in October and November, 24 German raiders were destroyed. Of these 13 were seen to strike the ground or the water. It is also known that many more failed to return to Germany. In all these engagements, only one British pilot has been wounded and only slight- ly. This record is all the more impress- I've when it is recalled that in fight- ing between British bombers and Gern- man ... five Messerschmidts were shot down in flames during last Thurs- day's air battle over the Fresian is- land and more than 12 during action over Heligoland on Monday. SUNK INSIDE TERRITORIAL WATERS. NEW YORK, December 19. The United Press correspondent at Montr- a ldi'i-. says that it it is understood an official report to the Uruguayan authorities claims that the German pocket battleship Admiral Graf Spee was sunk inside territorial waters. What action the Government contemplates is not immediately indicated. The authorities are also guarding the Ger- man tanker Tacoma, because she al- legedly has valuable instruments taken from the Admiral Graf Spee, including the uir.itii-iii'j: mechanism. The Tacoma's internment is still being considered. The Graf Spee is still burning. BUENOS AIRES, December 19. The Government has issued a decree ordering the internment of Captain Langsdorff and 1639 officers and crew of the Admiral Graf Spee. EXETER'S HEROIC STAND. LONDON December 11. The British official account of the cruiser Exeter's part in the battle with the Admiral Graf Spee states that the pocket battleship was steaming on a course parallel to the Exeter and opened fire at the range of 12.. miles. With the fifth salvo the enemy scored a hit. The seventh salvo made a direct hit on the forward turret and killed eight of the 15 marines and wrecked the bridge. The captain was un- scathed. The Exeter closed in and exchanged shots until only one of her 8 in. guns could be fired. The steering gear had been damaged and the ship was steered by boat com0 pass from the after control, through h.ind near, the sailors conveying direc- tions from man to man until the ship was no longer serviceable as a fighting unit. She then fell out of action and fires broke out on board. These were kept down by gallant men throwing overboard burning material. The captain described the conduct of his officers and men as superb. He said that the engine room staff was beyond praise. They raised full speed in 20 minutes, though normally this takes 12... minutes. The Washington correspondent of the "New York Times" states- 'There is a strong possibility that the Arauca will be declared a Nazi auxiliary naval vessel and be interned. It is under- stood that an investigation has been ordered to determine how the vessel, which left Vera Cruz five days ago with a declared destination of New Or- leans, happened to be near Florida. As it was carrying Mexican oil, it is felt that it was possibly preparing to re- fuel war craft." GERMANS USE AERIAL TOR- PEDOES. LONDON. December 19. For the first time in the war German planes are using aerial torpedoes against shipping. Some of the vessels attacked have been sunk by this means. More shipping losses have been re- ported. German bombers today flew over the Shetland Islands and at- tacked six British trawlers. One of the fishing boats managed to reach port with two of the crew killed and two wounded. An official message from Paris states that French warships have sunk two more German U-boats. German airmen using bombs and machine guns sank the trawler Zealous. The crew landed in East Scotland after ... hours in an open boat. The trawler Astros returned safely after bombs missed her. The trawler Ocean View was slightly damaged, but none of the crew was hurt. The Copenhagen correspondent of the British United Press states that a mine sank the Danish steamer Boco. A trawler picked up the crew. The British ship, City of Kobe (4373 tons) has been sunk in the North Sea. It is believed she was torpedoed. Five British and 13 Indian members of the crew were landed on the east coast. Ten Britons and 42 Indians are missing. The survivors revealed that German planes unsuccessfully bombed and machine- gunned the vessel at the week-end. Survivors of the Danish steamer Jytte, believed to have been sunk in the North Sea, have been landed on the north-east coast. One has been taken to hospital. A survivor of the Greek steamer Germaine, sunk in the Atlantic on De- cember 16, was Patrick Lewis Jordan, who served with the A.I.F. in the last war. He is a member of the National Maritime Union of America, also a writer under the nom de plume "Left Rubber." Jordan was a member of the engine room crew. He declared that the Ger- maine was intercepted in the Atlantic on December 15. The U-boat ignored protests that she was carrying neutral cargo and attacked the ship by gun- fire. The crew were adrift for four hours. The loss of two Danish and one Norwegian vessels is reported. No names are available. The ships are believed to have been sunk by mines. A Russian submarine is reported to have made an unsuccessful at- tempt to sink two German vessels in the Baltic. A naval trawler landed at a north east coast port four British airmen picked up from a collapsible boat. It is believed that they participated in the Heligoland battle on December 18 and were forced down because of lack of fuel. The official Berlin newsagency states that in addition 34 British planes were brought down at Wilhelmshaven on De- cember 18. Anti-aircraft fire accounted for a Vickers-Wellington machine, and another was forced down in the sea while flying home A semi-official German statement says that a second British raid on Frisian Island was made last night. Bombs were dropped at random, but no damage was done. The raiders were driven off by gun fire. A message from Esbjerg states that heavy detonations were heard on the Danish border near Sylt at 6 a.m. It is believed that another British raid on Heligoland Bight is in progress. A statement by Germany that British bombers again appeared over Sylt Island is denied by the British Air Ministry. A German bomber flying over North Shetland attacked six unarmed trawlers. One reached Ireland with two dead and two wounded. The total attacked since December 17 is 26. GERMAN LINER SCUTTLED. NEW YORK, December 19. The great German liner, Columbus (32,581 tons), was scuttled after sailing from the Gulf of Meixco and failing to break the British block- ade. A United States warship rescued the crew. The Associated Press correspondent at Norfolk, Virginia, states that Ad- miral Taussig, of the naval operation base, reported today that the United States cruiser Tuscaloosa had sent a message that the Columbus was being scuttled 300 miles north-east of Cape Henry and that the Tuscaloosa was standing by to pick up the crew. The Columbus was carrying a cargo of oil. The Navy Department announced from Washington that the Tuscaloosa discovered the Columbus in a sinking condition outside the neutrality zone. A British man o' war was nearby, but there was no evidence of any fight. The Tuscaloosa later sent a radio message that she had picked up 400 survivors of the Columbus. A muster of the crew showed that two firemen were missing. The liner was on fire from stem to stern and was sinking slowly when the cruiser left. The Tuscaloosa later sent a radio message that it was heading for New York with 579 survivors of the Colum- bus, including nine women. It added that no lives were lost. LONDON. December 20 The Admiralty announced at 2.10 a.m. : "The Columbus set fire to her- self 400 miles off Mermuda upon sight- ing a British warship. The crew a ban- doned her." FREIGHTER SEEKS SHELTER IN AMERICAN PORT. The United Press correspondent at Fort Lauderdale (Florida) states that the German freighter, Arauca, fleeing from a British cruiser, anchored at Port Everglades. The freighter's arrival was the climax to a chase along the Florida coatst. during which a shot was fired across the Arauca 's bow in an attempt to halt her. Port officials said that if unarmed the Arauca would be allowed to remain indefinitely, but if armed she must de- part in 24 hours. "ONE BLOW AFTER ANOTHER." NEW YORK, December 20 The scuttling of the Columbus and the forcing of the Arauca to port has brought the war closer to the United States than at any time since it broke out. Thousands ot German Americans living in New York's "German section" gathered in bars and street corners dis- cussing the Reich's latest setbacks. There was consternation at the New York offices of the North German Lloyd Line when the news was received. "Oh, my God," said the manager (Mr J. Schroeder. "It is one blow after an- other.'' There is much speculation in New York on the reason why an unarmed ship left the safely of a neutral port. The "Herald Tribune" suggests that the most forceful theory is that the sacrifice was a risk in order to refuel some important warship that is short of oil. LONDON. December 20. The Zurich newspaper '' Neuezurcher Zeitung" states that well-informed quarters confirm a report that the heavy cruiser Blucher was badly dam- aged by a British torpedo. KING'S MESSAGE OF APPRECIA- TION. LONDON, December 19. _ Following his recent visit of inspec- tion, the King has sent the following message to Air Vice-Marshal P. H. L. Playfair, officer commanding the R.A.F. in France: "Please assure all ranks of the R.A.F. units in France of the pleasure which it gave me to pay them a visit last week and to gain an insight into some of their activities. I was greatly impressed as well as interested by all I saw and I shall be glad if you would convey my best wishes to all ranks of the forces under your com- mand." FIVE MEN DECORATED. The King today decorated five men in recognition of their courage and skill in rendering safe enemy mines at great risk to their lives. They comprised three young naval officers, a chief petty officer, and an able seaman. The de- corations were made in the presence of 800 naval officers and ratings and took place during a visit to H.M S. Vernon —the torpedo and mine school of the Portsmouth command — which formed part of a four-day tour which the King made of Portsmouth command. He also inspected men from destroyers and mine-sweepers, also the crews of mer- chant cruisers. His Majesty showed great interest in mines on exhibition and had the mechanism and means of rendering them harmless described to him. The commander-in-chief (Admiral Sir William James) also explained to His Majesty the navy's latest measure to counteract the mine menace. FANTASTIC INVENTIONS. LONDON, December 20. Observers in London claim to discern an increasing degree of nervous excit- ability which appears to have affected the German official mind during the last few days in relation to the war in the air. It is pointed out that on Monday the German agency described in detail an air battle over Sylt which never took place. This, it is thought was done for the purpose of helping to bolster up the fantastic figures of air- crafts said to be engaged and brought flown m action over Heligoland Bight. Yesterday this freak of imagination was surpassed by an even more remark- able series of inventions. Sylt was again the area chosen. Details were given of the length of time taken by the operations. The tactics of the Brit- ish aircraft were described, as well as their engagement by German fighters, but, not content with this, the German agency went much further and actually invented an attack on the towns of Hoernum and Rantum. An official denial of this was issued last night by the Air Ministry. Not only was the German account devoid of truth in every detail, but the state- ments themselves provide material for their own refutation, for the imagina- tive zeal of those reports has betrayed them into giving most circumstantial details in relation to the time. For example, the German report stated : "At 2 p.m. the people of Sylt saw British bombers at a great height at tacking Rantum." In fact, it is au- thoritatively stated that there were no British aircraft within hundreds of miles of Sylt at that time. The reason for these fantastic inventions, it is sug- gested that this is an attempt to justify by inventing a British attack on Ger- man towns new and flagrant breaches of international law and decency which the German aircraft are committing in their attacks on unarmed fishing bonts. B0MBING OF TRAWLERS. A Berlin High Command communique suys : So far as can be ascertained four vessels belonging to British night naval forces were destroyed by bombs during German reconnaissance flights over the North Sea, which were carried out in most unfavourable weather. A large British living boat was also brought down. The communique adds that the Ger- man Air Force has destroyed 23 British patrol vessels during the past three days, including the Pearl, Evelina, Sedgefly, and Trinity. The Air Ministry announced this evening ; '' The German High Command has stated in un official broadcast that a German aeroplane shot down a large British flying boat. No British flying boats have been attacked today. The German statement may have referred to an engagement which took place off the coast of Norway yesterday morn- ing when a Royal Air Force flying boat encountered what was thought to be a Heinkel. The enemy, having received a burst of machine gun fire, was driven off. Our own aircraft completed its patrol and returned safely to its base." The recent German campaign of bombing and machine gunning of un- armed trawlers and small fishing ves- sels, which is provoking considerable indignation here, it is generally con- sidered to have resulted from the failure of German efforts in the illegal mine- laying campaign and all other forms of sea warfare. STORY BY TRAWLER'S SKIPPER. Skipper J. M. Hall, of the trawler Isabella Greig, gave an account of how his ship was bombed and machine- gunned by German aircraft last Sun- day — an example of many such cow- ardly und merciless attacks. "The trawler was down when two aeroplanes recognised us," he said. '' Twin- engined Heinkels were sighted coming from the east-south-east. The trawler's crew of 10 took cover. The aircraft came flying low and passed one on each side of the trawler, with the rear gun- ners firing their machine guns. Alto- gether they circled the Isabella Greig eight times, with their wing tips near- ly touching the water as they passed. Beside machine-gunning us they also dropped between 15 and 30 bombs. "During one short respite the crew started to lower a boat, but the aero- planes returned and opened heavy fire, wounding two men. The crew, taking two of the wounded with them, aban- doned the ship and the aircraft went off to the north -east. When the boat was 500 yards away from the trawler, which was still afloat, the aircraft re- turned and opened fire on the boat, luckily without result, and dropped three more bombs. British aeroplanes then appeared and the Germans made off." "The trawler was entirely unarmed. It was flying the British mercantile flag and was engaged in fishing. The German aircraft gave no warning what- ever before opening fire and apparently flew 350 miles from Germany for the set purpose of murdering Scottish fishermen." The evening newspapers give details of further similar outrages, the trawler Trinity was bombed and machine gunned in the North Sea yesterday. The survivors while escaping from the sink- ing ship were machine gunned in the water by Nazi bombers. Two of the crew of nine were killed and one wounded. An Oslo message states that a Ger man warplane, dropping bombs, sank the British trawler Trinity while fish- ing close to Norwegian territorial waters. The survivors, who were found elinjs; ing to planks by a Danish fishing boat, said the Trinity was blown to pieces and the crew machine-gunned while struggling in the water. One man was injured by the bullets. The bombs killed none, but one of the crew was drowned and another died from exhauption after being rescued. German planes have attacked 35 ves sels in the last three days. They sank one coastal steamer and six trawlers. Two of the vessels attacked were neu tral ships and thiee naval craft. Last night a German announcer brazenly admitted the air attacks on 24 fishing vessels and tried to excuse them by describing the vessels as warships and naval auxiliaries. BRITAIN PREBARED FOR AIR ATTACK. Sir Samuel Hoare. in a broadcast to the Empire today, referred to the glori ous memories awakened by the arrival of thfi Canadian troops. ' Britain wants peace, but not a peace which means progressive enslavement,' he said. 'It may be queer that the expected air attack's have not come, but that has suited us very well, as every day the air attack is postponed we will be bet ter able to beat it.' NAVAL COOPERATION. Admiral Darlan, commander-in-chief of the French Navy, arirved in London today for consultations with the board of the Admiralty on questions of co operation between the British and French naral forces. Admiral Darlan was aecompaniefl by Pear-AdmiraL Gouton and two staff officers. Admiral Darlan is the first French raval officer to hold the newly-created rank of admiral of the fleet of th* French Navy. OVER-RIDING INFLUENCE. Lord Chatfield, in a broadcast, said that Germany had not launched a large scale attack either in the air or on In nd because she was not confident that ?ho would succeed. Germany hoped to dofeat Britain where Britain was most vulnerable and yet the strongest, namely, on the eea. The royal navy had broken the submarine attack and the mine attack would fall in a similaf manner because of the courage of ? tlK merchant seamen. Hie navy's fightni efficiency, which was the surest weapon. wbb upsetting statistical calculation - It would be an ocer-riding influence in this war. He pai-i a tribute to th-. British and French High Command saying : 'No two allies ever started a : war with such complete mnchinory an' j comradeship.' OVER 50 ENEMY SUBMARINES SUNK PARIS, December 20 An official French statement deelart that more than 50 German bubmarine: have been sunk by the Allied fleets. Tlii is an average nt three a week siure tin war began. French front line troop? today u puked four German raids between the Moselle and the Vosges. Heavy artil lery fire broke up a very strong attack in which the German strength was esti mated at one company. The enemy was forced to retire in confusion, leaving arms and material. 'HERR SCUTTLER.' LONDON, December 20. Mr A. P. Herbert, speaking at the Littleships Club, described Herr Hitler as ' Herr Scuttler.' He said Ger many's hostile efforts weie directed Against defenceless fishermen. The blitzkreig had degenerated into a Bil lingsgatekreig. Not content with sink tog neutral ships, Herr Hitler was now sinking his own. COMMANDER SUICIDES. BUENOS AIRES, December 20. Captain Langsdorff, commander of the German pocket battleship. Admiral Graf Spee, shot himself in a hotel at Buenos Aites today. In a letter which he left he said that although be had decided from the first to share the destiny of his ship he had postponed Btlicide until he was assured of the safety of the crew and had made a re port to the German authorities. Cap tain Langsdorff will be buried with full military honours. Captain Langsdorff probablv used his own piPtol, as Argentine officials later explained that the officers were not re lieved of their swords or pistole because they are considered personal adornment? and not belligerent weapons. Captain TMhpf-dorff'f, body is lying in fitate at the Argentine naval arsenal for burial with full honours in the Ger man cpmetery at 6 pm. tomorrow. Captain Dove, of the sunken Africa Shell, in a tribute, said there was no mercy from Captain Langsdorff when there was fichting to do. but when he was not fighting he was a fine gentle man ASSOCIATES EXPECIED SUICIDE. German associates eaid that they had be6n expecting Captain Langsdorff to commit suicide sjnre the order, be lieved to come directly from Hitler, forced him to ignominiouely scuttle the Admiral Oaf Spee instead of resuming the battle as be desired. Last night h* gave his camera and other personal effects to members of the German Lega tion. 'Take these. I shan't need them any more.' he said. He called all his officers to the hotel and chatted for three h«uys. Shortlv after midnight he arose and went round the room, shaking hands with each of them. Then he re tired, requesting rot to bp disturbed. His confreres said that nn one pres 6Ht doubted that thev were speaking to the commander for the last time. An aide at 8.30 a.m. discovered the body with a bullet through the temple on the bed There were, three letters addressed to the German Embassv. his wife, and paren+F Th? text of the first was not released. The German Emhaesv ie?-iied the fol lowing statement: 'From the first moment he made up his mind to share fh6 fate nf his magnificent ship,' and added. 'He died W the F.i+herland.' HERMAN ESTEEM. BERLIN1, December 20. The German Naval High Command states : ' The navy understands and esteems Captain LangsdorfF'e act as e fighter and a hero. He did what the Fuhrer and the German navy and people expected. He was faithful to an ancient tradition and followed hi? ship.' LONDON. December 20. The German official agency states that it has -just learnt of unexpected occurrences during the burial of the Admiral Graf rupee's dead. A British seaman spat on the coffins during the procession. H? howled during ths 'fune ral oration and threw a dead -i'g inte the grave 'GUILT RESTS ON HITLER.' 'The Times,' in a teaser, states 'The guilt for Captain Langsdorff ? death rests on Adolf Hitler. A brave officer, in dying, appealed over the head of this despotism to th.- spirit of at- older, nobler, and mure pnrlurino (-pr many. It is a tragedy that such men cannot sene their country except in the livery of a master whom they in their hearts must despise. Unhappily, the Nazi system prevents distinction of the Germans who preserve the values of chivalry and civilisation from the perjured murderous faction I usurping their name. There was only one way cut and Captain Lengsdorff took it.' » The. ' Kews-Chronicle ' states: 'The -uicide can be read as a protest by Captain Langsdorff and the whole Ger man navy against a decision which once igain has' brought the names, of Ger many into contempt before the world.' SURVIVORS FROM LINER I COLUMBUS. The United States cruiser, Tusca loosa, arrived here today with 579 sur vivors from the German passenger liner. Columbus, aboard. They were taken to Ellis Island. The immigration authorities hav^ in!.?]] that thev are distressed s-\irpen -?nd are entitled to enter the L nite-1 states legally without visas. They must, howevnr. reship to a. foreign '?rnintjr v* ithin HO days The ' N'ew York Herald- Tribune '' states: 'The liner's fate is unmistak ably ominous news. A regime that ex pects to win the war is hardly likely to take such extia\a'_-unt vi?.kf- with :- mostly possession that was anchored in a neutral port, from whirh a Ger man victory would redeem her.' CAPTAIN'S ACCOUNT. NTW YORK, December 20 Captain Wilhelm Dachne. master of the Columbus, levealed that the United States cruiser Tuscaloosa be'.-an escort ing him on December IS. ' At 2.30 p.m. next day,' he said, ' a destroyer appeared on the starboard coming near quickly. At 2.35 p.m. I could make out the British fias. A minute lator 1 gave the general alarm and ordered th' crew to scuttle and burn our ship. I had drilled the crew for month* for th'-- and LnPy knew -what to do. At 'i.'iT pm. the destroyer signalled: ' Stop immediately. We are sending a U-at.' At 3.5 p.m. she fired two shots across our bow. I ordered the lifeboats to be lowered. There were nine women aboard, including a stewardess, who had insisted on accompanying' the Columbus.' Referring to the two missing firemen, he said: 'They were happy-go-lucky fellows. Evidently they delayed to'j long in leaving and perished with the ship.' Asked why he left the safety of a neutral port, Captain Dachne shrugged his shoulders and replied : ' If you get an order you fill that order.' Captain Dachne revealed that he left Vera Cruz escorted by American de stroyers. He added :'' There was a! ways one or two American cruisers n-ifli us at the beginning. They vere friendh and signalled us godspeed anrl wisheV for a safe return honif and a men1 Christmas as they left.' CONCERN FOR CREW'S SAFETY. NEW YORK, December 21. The Tuscaloosa's commander, Captain H. Badt, broadcasting to the nation, said : 'The British destroyer was much concerned over the safety of the liner's crew. The commander asked me if he would take the survivors. When we had 576 aboard the British captain wanted to find out if anyone wa& left aboard. I told bim that the car-tain of the Columbus had stated that all were aboard the TuEcalosa.' LONDON, December 2-». The German Press and radio mak' no mention of the scuttling of th* Columbus. BRITISH WAR EFFORT. 'The Times, '' in a leader, summing up the British war effort, states : 'The lose of men and material must be re placed. The naval and merchant ton nage must be greatly expanded. The expansion of the air force does not brook any delay. The greatest vohime of exports must continuously reinforce our resources to enable the importation of raw materials. Army expansion is most urgent, and the sooner it is ful filled the better, if only to permit the release of Frenchmen required for in dustry, which the mobilisation partly disclosed. LONDON, December 21. The German vessel Cap Norte which was captured on December 13. arrived at a British port with a cargo of wheat, wool, skins, tobacco, honey, coi-oa coffee and horseflesh FORT LAUDERDALE ( Florida \ December 20. The German freighter Arauca lias been attached by the Imperial Sugar Company of Gaheston. Texas, in a 38,000 dollar libel actiou, which will prevent the vessel sailing until a bond is posted, even if the skipper is willing to risk the waiting British cruiser. Treasu-ry orlVialp said today that partial investigation disclosed no reason to warrant the detention of the vessel MEXICO CITY. December 20 Half a miHinn pans of boots destined for the German army were lost when the German liner Columbus was scuttled after leaving the Gulf of Mexico. AMERICAN NEUTRALITY ZONE NEW YORK, December 20 The \A aehi!!gtci!i correspondent of thr Associated Press states: 'A joint de ??la ration accusing the European belligerents of repeatedly violating the Western Hemisphere neutrality zone and issuing a warning against future violations is being prepared by 21 re publics in a joint diplomatic consulta tion. The President of Panama will communicate the declaration, which contains a clear-cut indication that the American republics will be forced in future to take diplomatic action to see that the zone is respected. The larger republics are further consulting on a | comnion pohev dealing with belligerent I warships entering their povtt The State Department has sent a ?.iri.ular communication to the Latin American States concerning the Jerhra'ion aivl obtaiiiii'i: their views. 3]th--'ierh it i- unJerU'jud that the l.niteil M.ite:- did n;it initiate the declaration. Senator Hull, at the Press Conference, «aid lie was of thfj opinion that the ,-tt|^ v hich the American republic wore taking would bring the matter of the neu trality zone to n head. SUNK BY MIMES. A.M.VILRDAM. Dumber :i The Swedish fte^n ? Ad'h EU'.V i bound to Rotterdam from Gothenberg was sunk by a m'n« frp mnmbcr.s ?'! lh« rrew were I'.ill-'d LONDON. Do/.'crubcr 11 The Mars, l47,i t-'iis, «as mined and sunk oft' the north-east cons*. Six mem bers of the crew \wre l.-.iided. Si^°'i are bciieipd to h,T. c l.-ceu lr'u COLD RECEPTION IN ARGENIlHk. N'EW YOBK. December 'lu TIip Montevideo ri-'rresp'iudf-nt '''f tin' ''New York Tim«\\-. ' states- '(.',) plain Langsdorff made a j.enoii- p.-.- ch'--l-igi«-al error which - nutributed li'iivi|v to hi* ilppre-Mon. He mistook Moutf;\ ideo's homage to the dead crew as a sreat popular Latin express-ion of appv/ jl *-f what he and the. sailors s-tood for. He wpnt to 1-iijFnns Aires expf-img to b» welcomed with open ;iMiis, but ii'stead he found popuhr feeling s-o mid tbat Argentine would be an unpleasant place to Ine in He h.-nl been roir- iik'.-J th.it the rrew would be vprpived a- ship wrerked sailors and he rvperted to -.:rt them to Germany aloai'l ltal'nn mp..iu ers bound for Trieste, but thru- in--vn- tuent dei-trryrd tlut Hio.-nn «lnlr ib'1 Argentine papers taunted 'nun ns it onward and a traitor to the tiaditims of the -ea. NEW YORK. Dei-embiT 1\ Captain Wilhelm Dachne was intnn ed in Australia during the t.roat Wmi . U.S.A. NEUTRALITY BELT. NEW YORK. December :i. The Washington ccnespondent cf i the 'New York Times'1 states that the United States will almost ret tainly send a etiong'TIote to Gct inany, requesting a icply t' eavii'-f Notes which advised the estabhsl' inent of a neutrality holt and de manding its observance. Bntain and Frunce hare replied to the Note f'n-our.iblv, ronditionslly on what Germany will do, but Germany, de tpite informal proinplmjs. has not re plied. 1 1. was reported from Berlin to-liy that oftVial quarters had imlkateil that if the United States Government u-Uerl bplligeivnts to l;e-5p tlie-ir warship* out 01 the Paii-Aiiicnc-nn neut r.tlity /mie. e-- tunding POO milop from the Amrrican coast, Germany would take her cue from Britain and France. A nu'^sace i'mm Now York state? that eeirn L'.S.A. war.*liips ;*ie keeping a watoh on the German frei'.-htrr Araur.i. vhirh has taken refugo at Fort Lauder .lale. on the southeast cu^S't of Florida AMERICAN COMMENT ON GRAF SPEE To N'azi Germany, the N'eT Ycrk limes'1 comments : The end of the Ad miral Graf &pee; and Cai- iain Langf dorff may be glonou;, but it is clor;-1 won at the price of tradition and the respect of ether ir.fii si-A natiuii^, and perhaps eventually of German ua\ai morale. Tu prevent a repetition of the Lanjs dorff tragedy officials have assigned two officers of the Colu;i!bus to ehaie Cap tain Dachne's sleeping quarter*. 'Xaval history record? show no greater ])miiin;?tii-:. than lluf 'if Captain Lang«dnrff, of the Admiral Graf Spec,' states Colonel Fie-lovic!: Falmt-r, mili tary expert of tht Voith American Vewspaper Alliance, referring to thh death. of the po-:ka' h,ittle»hipV r-aptain 'Corporal Hitloi .' he adds, 'may rind ftorm troop meMiods ineffective in the Xavy. AVheu the time comes will he, too, b* able to pull th»» t-riggi?r oil liinuelf ? '' „ FINAL TRIBUTES TO CAPIAIN LANGSDORFF, Bt.'E.VOS AIPES. December 21 One thousand tad-faced German spa men mairhed from the Argentine naval j arspnal to pa\ final tribute to : Captain Largsdorft DresseJ in clean ! uniforms, the seamen formed tanks- I outside the arsenal upon the low -spoken I'OinmajJdf! of their officers. Outside a thousand tpectatcu-f wero afforded a : uTlimpfe of the coffin en route to the ! I German Cemetery winch is separated from the British section hy a fence. Three hundred German seamen were p'iven permission to lea^e the iirsenal to arifiiupany ths body to the burial ground Captain Kar, =econd-in-command of the Admiral Graf Spee, accompanied by two Argentine officers and 11 autoiuo l-iles bfarin™ the Admiral Graf Spee's oflicers. folloved the hearee. Ten thousand masked at the cemetery -jates from which three officers and five seamen carried the coffin. The 6hip'f band played and a Lutheran pastor conducted the service. The German i ambassador (Herr von Thcrinar.n) and I other Na.ris f-poke, after which the Ger ' man residents, officers, and crew gave the -Van salute and nv.z, 'I Had A i Comrade ' BLUFF WORKED MAGN1FIC2HILY. PARIS. De^mber 21. A high placed ni-il official d= rlared toddy that onlv two small cruisers, Ajas and Achilles, ueie outside Montevideo when the Graf Spee was scuttled. It was glonou: bluif, which worked magnificently. LONDON, December 11. Germany ha^ sent a forma] prutebt to the Argentine against the intern ment of the crew nf the Admnal i.i.-i* '??pee The Nu'c points rut t li.i t ?hip vvn'.iked sailors reac-hii'v a n-.-iiiral .-duntry cannot be interned I h- .'-tihoi. lands in Hiinlar fir' uni^tM!!1 es lvid v i Irjfod rip-.': of li|lt|.-!i iilllsot1.-. l!i ♦ h' \ iiieat \Yor. ORIENT STEAMSHIP COMPANY. . Mr I C. «jeJde-. presiding at tbc neetmg cf the Orient bteamf-liin Corj piny, ^al?l he hoped I;efoie long a evi i lir.'heutivfc policy would be a'l'f.fl. similar to la?.t \\\it, to utih.-p. Ui.ti. li liners l'r-r ^*-i-\ ii-ps wbn-t!-y 1 1 1 ?.-'?? 1 1 ? t ? 1 | in peacetime. r.vi'jn^- had advj.'Vrl I sharply, and wjr n-k iii.-ur.ni- 1 a'.r-v^ wab i-o.-ting ov er i'-'i'''C'.i ''j a ;--ai- tor the C'ri'jnt tieet. Lnilian pa*=i-!'L''-i5. for whi'-h th.e line evicted, no longer ti a -.piled KreiL-ht ra'*s had ad^.1n'?ed .-Mid nii- jd-.anr..- fuifli'T. luit the z*\\- lot i\i'~n inriej.-nd pvpi'iivs avd shrimhen pa--i'iiar-v I-;! enu-- v i; t--'- wide to be ril^d by ?.v.y ji- Mbk iu rvt .i.-e in freight ra'.e.1 CONTRABAND CONTROL. It is ulhcially anno'jn.'-v-d that oJr'.0r''i I'-n.f. nf t.-ontral/and have bee:i drained In- thr Bnii.sh auMiorn !?.?.?- -iii'P the on' 1'ioak of th' var. liuiiir: ti'» ii'm ended lajt Saturday — ?* .' ?? ?' ? t^us v- -.'.-'? intPi'?!'1'1''!- 'I lip ri-pin-h tot.il up ' ? I-1-' : iiM'l.i ? is l'i'!ii'-eil to hjve iv.nlird .ib'nit olifl.lll.'O tollS. I Ik- Kulmiarinp Lrsula uln.h tav.k a -rui-ei of the Koi-nis.'^l't-' 'i -l;^i la.'t wi-pk, w-.-is ^ri\en a t rini'!, luut i-.M-^-p1 i.,n vi 1-,.,'u it arriicd at an Lni;l'-h port t Ui- :(ftPHTH'M. J he. itcw v«?iv j.-1-antCi.1 y]vjfial leave. 1 It- fr-ul-i pio\idpd ^u- of tin-. «ar'? -re;iM-tt p:-.|«l'--it?, by pcnptrji ni^ a .-rj-pnu of ijerman d'-\\-' ro ? »(*? -i i i ? 1 ii'2n- tiatme dan^cio'is niini'tif Ids to i ???ri'a-li ? 1 lip i-|-ui-i-r' in tl.o -tn.ivlv i'.i-iilrd r«nr ,-jt rhe rii'iith f-f the K;,-] (in il FURTHER SINKINGS. AMSTERDAM. I«r.-eU1bCr :? Tlv- Italiim stp.itii'-i- -'nniita.- l-'il^l' tout) was niuircl in t|in N'urlh Se;i ] and was t'''pd to Flushing '??? tujf. Thiity of ibe -?!??«? ^?nic v^uunded inrlinl --ln.it liv V-3* Tllf N'TI' '?_? i-M) 'IMIIIT \'f:h I, '2 '' tons i carrying g'!i ':'. ????«&_ attacked by a 6'ibma line and j'j:ik .-:-. r-i the ?rrew « ere « ???'jiided All ??ert re^'iei. BRITISH IRAH't-EE BOMEHI'. ''?.- LC D-^mber Z l-'c 'SiZ\ pl.sr:'-:- i. ::-'r— 1 and *iz\: the Lntifli tra-1 ler, F:---: Ar.r.ji: Nineteen Britons and 12 l).:r-- h . i dl-d to;-rther '0 hru:- ii! a hi' ????j- :r. v'-'Jih c-ai, ar-d 'ere ahro.-' !'?--!: ???:?.. i^S'.usd ii' the yorvesiai! .-'-i!-!-:. Fogaland. which landed' th-n -' ¥.???; - ?:.: The Brs'o;:.1 -?':'' \r.,-: '? '.v:t 'h« rlsne* j!:-o marlnn^-.M-]!. : - ..c vj ?!?=-, b'jt ,iol.r,.|- ..,:if, !UH, NO KI1OW1.EP''.F r'P ADM1F.AI pA!rDrr-. s f'F ?I''..:.'AIIOT) L,, Lmv r — r. ?-??: 21 Ib- En In- it ? ii- ??;-.?;.?!? i' ri ti/f Eri* -;h L'ni'ed Pi*--- ;.t ; t':ij' n^ll-'.n formed ? ] r ?- 1 -- - ')n-\jri- t I ?' il.i- ji-.-r. r.. !-i'-i-' . ^ip.-f fi ?;-.?- ? -. ? '?:?:' \'[- ?? i\ Paed«=r. ;? M!.:in.ii ']-?' ' ' ?? I -?: ' ?. ?? ^trmsr. ?? v-:j1 r.-.i^r.. ,-,.;? . r.-; ,?????;? tr. B ']]?»? I ? i -1 j .-?).. , ..?;!? I '_ fE'/Tr-M FE'LrTLD : ^ ' ]'?:?:. D- ?.^:«' 21 Th* M-;'- : :??-. . . :?:-.;?? :-.-:=!!f of ths : -- Y'.:. '-. ??? ? - -' ': tt rrnn !:1- f-- :-?':? ?='? ?-?, ? ?--?! -i-^ i;,flmss ,-.-...n=t ,-..1- r. :,\ . ,i ,-,.3! :,,« i;:? .. v, ,.f tl. - ? , . ..... , . ,, viM-'iPd »--iJt .1 ,, . , j ... , ? , . V-.e ,,-ne :r. lit ,,; t ;?,.? '?.? ? -. ? ,??.-' ^ ;v,'h we? i!n-i.-ii--;l!-- !'-, 1 '. .' ??; .|, ??! ?]:-:-..: -..u- dipl'-n in. I ,.-..-.. HOW TH.r lji'i.'*. ^A'-rr f',rRM_Afi TTl'.'VV IK ??!- , ? . 1 . -i 1 -.jn' t ?'?? H ,-,r,/;, .,r ,?.- .?/K.'.ln dV.: \- ,= ir1-,..,!,-,-| ,.:, ,. :.-..,- .-, ';,,!-'?';-? I m,.- I ..ii'l.j ,,.-'. I ? ::, y|.p.M!'~d :.)'??] ..???' 1 ?'.-: ? ?? ? ? .M.^fi^l,;. ?'?''? ' I'-' : ' - ??- i'-:' ' v .-,- .,.,;? v ... ii. I- . ' I. ?? r.'i--'-n.b-'- I 1. V- ;:.n , , -. ? ? .,. ,,., .; ,„ j^lyol ii- f,.-'i!, . v: ^'.V-1 .,..?'»':?- t!:C ;-.-. ? ? .; : f ????i-i:- !' -?;hfd t!' . „ ? :» -. -;nv- '??' fr.^]. ,..,!«.- . .r-.-.'..| 1 ? ? '?? ??.-??^r, I' I',)- -111!; :jl' r.. , ? . ? ? ; to th' |n-.i-, iii' r '' 1 ' - \ -, ' 1 ? ! ? ' j f* . a; w=l' .?Ik t]}-- ??'???!'.' ?'? ? ' ? ? -' '?? T - UDd'-' ., h,.-h ??,., I ,.„', : . ; , . ?, .: -n ot'-.?v ,-?-??'!?? Mm- ?? ??:'?? ?? ? ???,.' c----!hej'l T h' i- -i;-- '.1 ' ' 1 ! 1. ='i\i. 3 M.er s ...l-.-L -;Uv..-r ? , ? ,- r = v,,ror. o:i].-'i-d ti 1 ? ' ?? . ? ?.,:'?) Mi* lilt. tho,, t,' 1 , ,1 1 .: ,: -.. Ti..-.,, V- , I ,,?,-,, ,.n, ],-,,,, r- j.i,. ? -: \\--.-i .-,-. ?r?,t c-j. ,;?. :,-.,?., = ,' i'-n ;-it . THE WAR AT SEA plosion followed a few second? later, proving that the second torpedo also hy,. This explosion weired to have another superimposed, as though on« nf the ?magazines exploded. Both shook the Trsula severely, Ibc sn.i-nd broke most of the electric light bulls | The noise of tht cruiser'.^ propellers. «'hieh had been difrinrcly heard, ceased with the first explosion, then jfter the -econd. iioises nf lending metal and of rhe ship breaking up were heard. The submarine expected an attack iin HPdiately with, depth ch:irs;es from the .destroyer^ four ??-f which turned to wards her. 1 he noise of their propellers was almost continuous. Soon explosions v.ere heard, but the Ursula skilfully 3'oided the attack, and presently looked out through the periscope and saw two destroyers at the position where the cruiser had he*?n. These appeared to be searching for r-urvivors. There na- no ??gn of the cruiser, which obviously had broken up ar.d sunk most rapidly' The Urruh. satisfied, left the area, which w.is -ttll vihealthy \v«u many f.vplnsiop* LONDON, December 24. It is officially announced that the D.S.O. has been conferred on Lieutenant foirmander Phillips of the submarine L'rsula. He al;--- has been promoted to] 'ommander. The other members of the crew have been decorated. WORLD'S GREAIEST AIR BAlILL. LONDON, Deceaabei 24. Asiiing details aie disclosed of the W ilhelmsli-i\ en air batik which the tedder of the Wellington lurmation eun Sid6is :s the biggest ever fought, eighty tu a hundred auLiait being engaged. Only one Biitish machine was shot down, and no fewer than nve Geiman fighters were destroyed, in the cuurse cf ne&ily; 40 minutes' attack. The Bnt lfh mdcnines weie outnumbered bv nve to one. 1 Lie uri^n . i t^it. little :s believed to be Liermju dijsatisfa.uon at the result of the uper.it !'jiis -.il' Heligoland on L'e .-ember o, «Ucn iwu a'uieeis were hit. Ai-coriliE^iy they ordered up a, number of ciacK tqujaiona lioni elsewhere probably torn u;c Western 1'ioui. tu ?.'emfuitt the JtiL-r.'.e*. When the iiritis-ii tncertd litliguUivJ Bi^ht c'n De'.emLer Is they met jud easily diip'Sed ol l-!:J1U'- n'^hteis, u Int li '?ere not m lar^e numl-ei s, but j^~ the Jjiitish approached their objective tit Wilhelrushave:: tht sky began to be tilled wth eu'.-ruy tighter*, namely, t«-u riasse'i of Me-seiiilimnt.-, 'hi'li at tacked ir-'i'-i .-ill directions. lhe rijii'.i:;j became uiu-use as th1 'enemy fctiove tu bieak up the close : 'i-:-iti.-n f-e--'. ...?!:=:, th'.-n ^ the Lumbero} &'??? over Wilhelinihaveu they met the full bljtt ot anu-airnaft defences. The 'iermaii:- a^iin hop^d thui to cpuii out the formations so that the fighters '-Quid be able tu dtal v-ith the bumb ers individual^- but rlie l-''tnbti? 'utu pleted their task . Then 'lieu the- return v*js begun, tin tcscy developed the main attack. '1 In* casualties, cm both sides be^an to rnuiiut up. The heavy concentrated fire of British forma tio'iis had resulted m tc- many lessee of the Messers'-hmitts that in a last desperate attempt to break tJp«-i! the ordered formation- the Mes .serschrjitts 110 tried in-i* spectamlai attacks at a great speed, on the beam of the formations, trying to sweep them virh fire from stern to stem, but the Wolliiij-t'.ns defeated this final effort and the tired British gunners saw the !a--r cf the f-nemv machines turn back, after „ h:.-h the British rro.-sed 300 miles of se:i Most of i!- Bri'i:!- 're-^s «ere under cr-= for the first time. One aircraft \m-i to ltavn the forma tion and descend ii.to the *ea, *orue distance from th-* English coas-t, owing to a petrol leak All its guns v--ere out cf action, and th* botroiu of the fiont rurret had been bl -v-o oui and set on fire. Th« pilot says the gunner put out '?h? tire ''!'h his s;ored hand His quick action ss red the Ines of the crew. The ^jnn-?r. wh'««e huddkd position prerent ed him from falling into the sea when th* ^'t'oai of hit. ;un turret wjb blo'vn i»3- p.vpresfed the greatptt admiration for hi^ sergeant pilot. 'We shall never kr.*'-'1'.'1 he sa-'?. 'hn'r b° managed to rortrol !';s aircraft throu^l such rlim cnltiPf .' Kew Zealand tirmen participated in thp battle. GEEMANS CLAIM LOSS OF TWO FRENCH PLANES. BERLIN, December 23 A war communique states: 'German lighters shot down two French fighters north-west of Metz Aii force reconnais sance flights continued over France, Britain, and the North Sea.' KING INDIGNANT AT NAZI SEA RUTHLESSNESS. LONDON, December 21. Conversing with representatives ot the Trawlers' Federation during a visit to the Ministry at Agriculture today, His Majesty expressed horror and in- 1 dignation at the Nazi machine-gunning | of British fishermen. | Berlin authorities rigorously deny that German pianos- have sunk innocent f.shing sinackt, off the British coast. They claim that the vessels are equipped with radio. They might possibly do pome fishing, but their main service is to report the approach of German air craft and naval vessels to the British coast. Germany's action is justified and will be relentlessly continued. The linking of The Trinity on December 20 I.- not mentioned. A£KIAL ACTIVITY ON WESIERN FRONT. There has been increased aerial activ ity on the Western Front by Allied and enemy forces, but no details of the fight ing have been received. The first Royal Air Force men arrived '.clay from Franc* for Christmas leave. Ihey brought souvenirs from German planes-. The body of an airman, believed to be ine of the new of a Heinkel bomber uhicL crashed in the sea on December fi has been 'allied up on the Norfolk coast. The Siegfried Line is, being extender! lo the east dlontj the Rhine as far as Lake Constance. Switzerland. The German official agency states '.hat there lias been increased patrol activity on the Western Front, clue to the spontaneoi^ desire of officers and ^'ldiers to locate the British position*, ifter winch a paiticularly warm wel come is being prepared The Germans are deioting more viporouf attention to them than to the French. A French reconnaissance plane was brought down ii'Mr th« frontier LUXEMBOURG STRENGTHENS FRONTIER. LUaL-MB'M'KG, December 21. Because of increased activity on the borders it his been decided to extend defence measures, although it is offi cially pe-iiJted out that this does not u.ean that an invasion is feared. Guards hare been increased on public buildings 'i- aioi'J possible panic. AMSTERDAM, December il. Dutch anti-aircraft guns today fired -f three unidentified foreign planes fly ing over Arnhem from the south-we*t. Dutch plane? went up to engage the machines, but they escaped behind smoke screens.. lhe Government' is reported to have stirt another protest to Britain against j the block;i 1e on German goods carried ;i: neutral vpss-els. I LOXDUN, December 21 lhe future use of Phodesian troops and the possibility of their being called to service on the Western Front has not yet been decided. This matter, together -vith financial and other problems con nected with the pv?m nee ot feud? in West and East Africa will be discussed when the Khodpsia1- Minister for Defence .'Mr Tredgoldi visits London after Christmas. Mr Tredgold ie coming to England at th* suggestion of the Brit '-h Government. GERMAN ATIACK THROUGH NETHERLANDS? PARIS, December 21. The War Office spokesman &ayB; : 'The Germane are poised for an attack on the Belgian. Dutch and Luxembourg frontiers similar to last November and probably can l-e nj'iied within 4h hours «f receiving marching orders.' It ie added that chancef of success are more remote. It i& a case of fore warned, forearmed. VIOLATION OF U.S.A. SAFETY ZONES. NEW YORK, December 24. *pHE Washington oorrespondent of the 'Xnw York Times' states: 'The State Department explains that the proposal to punish offending belliger ents refeis only to individual war craft. The penalty would not be extended be yond individuals. Neither would ships iciii'un to bine violated the safety iono be penalised for past infractions. The doctrine might be quickly tested if there is truth in Germany's reported determination to have merchantmen tied up in American norts attempt to run tlie British and French blockade. Over 70 German merchantmen remain in Chilean. Mexican. Brazilian. and other ports.'1 T1ip Pan-American States have pro tested to Britain. France, and Germany ut the violation of tlie neutrality zone. The protest Note announces that nog'- tiation6 are heirs becun to strengthen I'an-American neutrality, including an ucreement ta prevent belligerent war ships from refuelling or repairing dam age in American ports after commit tina warlike acts within the zone. The protest cites, the L'rujruayan battle ani refers to 'reliable reports' that the Ad miral Graf Spee was pursuing mer diantrtKn when she vas overhauled, also the British sinking and detention of the German merchantman in Ameri can waters-. The Columbus was not mentioned ' INTERNMENT PROTEST. BUENOS AIRES, December 24. The German Ambassador formally protest ;d to the Argentine against the internent of the Admiral Graf Spee's crew, after which he conferred with the i Ministry for tlie Interior on the details of the internment. Uruguay's reply to the German pro test regarding the Admiral Graf Spee contends that Uruguay adhered to the Hague Convention of 1907 and Uru guay's neutrality decree on Septem ber 5. BRITISH MINE FIELDS. LONDON', Deceratier 24. The Admiralty announces that it ie mining an ares ,=-0C miles long, closing the approaches to the Anglo-Scottish coast between 58 degrees 20 minutes north, one degree east, 51.43 north, 2.32 east, beyond which narrow control chan nels are prewnhpr! KING'S MESSAGE. His MaJHsty.'in a. broadcast message to the men of the merchant navy and the fishing fleet, said: 'It is not pos sible because our ships are scattered on the seven pfas to stnd a Christmas card tc each member a- I have done to the fighting forces, but 1 send each of you a message of goodwill and good cheer. You are facing with coolness, courage, and fortitude that art the admiration ot us all the special perils which in th«-se days surround seamen. I speak not only for myself, but for all my fellow countrymen I wish you a happy t'hn&tmas; an! a good landfall.' GERMAN CLAIM. BERLIN, December 24. A 'ar communique states: 'British and neutral shipping, which ventured into the danger zone on December 23, suffered heavy lowen, amounting to 11 ships, eight of whieL were British. The total tonnage involved 'at- about ,11,300. !i was a quift ilaj on +lve Western I'pint Tin; tiir force continued rccon luiseance far into Northern France.'' U.S.A. PACIFIC PATROL PLANES WASHINGTON. December 24. lli-e navy has ordered a floet of long i iingH. four engined flying boats to patrol Ilip Pa rill'- line by observation an-] reinforce the .VhimiifrtratwyTe I hemisphere defence policies It is auth uritatively stated that over 30 aircraft, with a range of over .i°00 miles, are involved. Tlie ord'i is- the largest single liroraft contract ir. the navy's history The new planes will augment the 15 aircraft of similar type ordered lasf vear. SHIPPING LOSSES LAST WEEK. LONDON De'ombet '23. Last v--ec-k 10 British ships, of a total tounaee of ilSOu and eight neutral ships nf l-\Pnrj tons were lott by enemy action. fn the same period Germany lost -hip-- nf a total +«nnai-e rf 32.100 The Scuttling of the C^limihu* showerl an excess German loss nf 15.14S tons It is learnt on reliable authority that 'hen the merchni't veou-1 Nova Scotia n-ai? torperloer) nn December R the Dan ish steamer Hafnia attem\ited to reerue the crew- i5u[)dj?nlv a German voice from r Mil-marine which camp up in 'larkness nrrlere-1 her to steam away or slie alf-o vvmild be torpedoed. Tlius 21 live.-, v-ere Wf. EXPLOSION AT SEA. O^-O. December L'fi. Tlie Tspreri, ^n itp way to Britain with pap^r. »znk efter fn esp''*''' in f he No-th ?ea. The crew of 13 were paved. BRITISH PRIZE. NEW YORK, December 25. A mew-age from Balboa states that the G«?rman steamer Duss-eldorf, 4930 tone, which was captured by a British warship on December 16 off Caldera {Argentina), has begun to paEs through the Panama Canal. The German com mander iCaptain Peter Peterson! is navigating the vessel under the British naval commander and a prize crew. A 17-year-old seaman jumped over board and was drowned after the cap ture of the veeteL 