BRITISH SUBMARINE'S EPIC COUP THE URSULA'S EXPLOITS Sank German Cruiser ENTERS FORTIFIED ZONE LONDON, December 18. Not only did the British suzmarine Ursula, which tank a German cruiser of the Koenigtberg clast, penetrate a screen of destroyers, but apparently entered a strongly fortified zone, with Cuxhaven Harbor, south of the mouth of the Elbe, on one tide, and on the' opposite side the naval base of Brunsbuttel. Lieutenant-Commander G. C. Phillips, who, according to the lateit nayy list, is commanding the Ursula,married Miss Sheila Buchan, of Melbourne, in 1929. Germany officially denies a British submarine sank a cruiser of the Koenigsberg class, but admits the possibility that the underwater explosion mentioned in a German war communique recently, when reporting that a light cruiser had been slightly -damaged, might have been caused by a British submarine. Brunsbuttel was the scene of the first heroic attack by a Royal Air Force on enemy naval forces on the second day of the war. It would be necessary for a. sub- marine to negotiate minefields. It is authoritatively stated the Ursula's feat was not connected with the previously reported attack on a cruiser by the submarine which sighted the Bremen. The cruiser at the time was screened by six German destroyers.. Germany has three ships of the Koenigs berg class — the Koenigsberg, the Karlsruhe, and the Koeln, which were completed in 1929. HITLEB OBDEKED GBAF SPEE SCUTTLING. LONDON, December 18. .outer's correspondent at Amster dam says Hitler ordered the scuttling of the Graf Spee, only after many hours' argument with his naval chiefs and technical experts, who in sisted the pocket battleship must not fall Into British hands as these ves sels have an unusually high propor tion of specially designed Instru ments and apparatus, a number of which are secret, having been added only this summer. The German High Command con firms that Hitler himself ordered the scuttling ot the Graf Spee, and says th« Uruguayan Government would not allow sufficient time to make the vessel seaworthy. The leader and supreme commander of the armed forces, therefore, ordered the com mander to blow up and destroy the battleship outside territorial waters. This was done on December 17. THE* FATE OF THE CEEW. With torn and twisted wreckage the Graf Spee was still burning 20 hours after its scuttling, and occasional ex plosions continued to emphasise Its melodramatic end. Its weary officers and crew, surrounded by thousands of curious spectators, learned the fate which they had hoped to escape In Uruguay none the less has overtaken them the moment they reached Argen tina, namelf Internment. Captain Langsdorff, upon arrival with his men. from the other side of the mouth of the Plata on two tug boats and a barge is reported to have said: 'I am satisfied, I saved all my men.' The United Press correspondent, who asked him for a. statement, could only elicit, 'I have nothing else to cay old man. I have not rested since 8 o'clock last night, so please be nice and lay off.' Captain-Langsdorff plain ly showed the strain of his ordeal. The crew of approximately 700, and believedly ultimately to be 1000, are mainly youngsters of 18 to 21. Un Ehaved and in soiled uniforms, they similarly showed fatigue and tension. The crew are expected to be intern ed at Martin Garcia Immigration Island, while the officers may be granted a degree of greater freedom on personal pledges of no further participation In the war. 'GERMANY KNOWS SHE WILL LOSE.' ji Paris report declares a high placed official said, 'Germany knows she will lose. Otherwise she would have allowed the Graf Spee to be in terned, and claimed her after the war. The slight damage she inflict ed, and her inglorious end absolutely endorse the British and the French' policy not to build similar ships. BUENOS AIRES, December 18. One report says 600 members of the Graf Spee crew arrived aboard two tugboats and a barge. The maritime police quickly sur rounded the vessels and isolated the members of the crew. A German Legation official said the arrivals In cluded the Tacoma's group. Captain Langsdorff is among the arrivals at Buenos Aires. NEW YORK, December 18. The American Press correspondent at Buenos Aires asserts a high Ar gentine .official said the Graf Spee's crew wf be interned. ? LONDON, December 18. The Berlin Press proclaims the Graf Spee's end will be the beginning of new blows against England and blackmailer Churchill will learn he has done a disservice to England by applying: pressure on Uruguay to vend out the Graf Spee before she was navigable. Uruguay's action was unfriendly, grossly breaking inter national law under intimidation from Britain. LONDON, December 18. Uruguyan harbor police arrested four seamen from the Admiral Graf Spee, who were aboard the Tacoma, on a charge of blowing up the ship. The arrested men were in a launch when the Admiral Graf Spee ex ploded. The British Minister to Uruguay (Mr. E. Millington Drake), in a state ment, said the Admiral Graf Spee was destroyed exactly the same as If by British gunfire. British seapower and Uruguyan respect for the law had combined to free the seas of a cor ealr. A Foreign Office announcement con firmed the earlier reports of the in ternment of the crew. The 'New York Times' Buenos Aires correspondent states, 'If the Australian wool clip was not a. fort night late en route to Europe, the battle of Punta Deleste might not have been fought and the Graf Spee still would have been afloat. Cap tain Langsdorff told the Imprisoned British skippers, when they were his ward room guests occasionally, that he went to South Africa to intercept Australian wool cargoes Bent round the Cape, but got Impatient and de cided to shift to the South American coast and raid the Plata shipping. Neutral naval experts studying all the technical information believe Captain Langdorff's flight to Monte video was due to a direct hit from the Exeter's eight guns on the for ward turret, putting three of his eleven Inch guns out of commission and destroying his gunfire control Installation. All goods and supplies were rendered unfit and finally he believed there were large British units In the vicinity. Captain Langsdorff, interviewed by the Associated Press representative, said while preying on merchantmen they ohce disguised the Admiral. Graf Spee as the Renown, changing the superstructure, and adding a 'dummy' funnel. He laughed ruefully, and said 'But It mav be a joke on us, per haps we fooled nobody.' The ship was also camouflaged fre quently to pass as the Deutschland or the Admiral Scheer. 'Once we ac tually passed for the Admiral Scheer' he said. ' Captain Langsdorff admitted the Graf Spee was not short of fuel when he took refuge In Montevideo. 'I really had enough to reach the coast of Spain,' he declared. He added the redraft was 21 feet, which was more than normal, when he decided to sink her in 26 feet. 'That was the only thing to do.' The 'New York Times' Buenos Aires correspondent says the Graf Spee's young crew were convinced only the Hood, Renown, or Repulse could touch the Graf Spee. Therefore they were sure they would not be em broiled In naval action and were amazed to find themselves fighting three cruisers and more amazed to find they were getting the worse of FIERCE AERIAL BATTLE. LONDON, December 18. The Air Ministry in a communique, says that R.A.F. bomber formations, searching Heligoland Bight for enemy warships, encountered strong German fighter forces. A fierce battle Xed, In which 12 Messerschmltts shot down and seven British bombers are unaccounted for. A German communique claims 44 British bombers participated, of which 84 were shot down during a terrific battle, and admits the loss of two German 'planes the crews of which parachuted. It adds the Bri tish unit was the largest that has ever attacked Germany. An official communique says that German 'planes made several attacks on British and neutral merchantmen and fishing vessels In the North Sea on Monday. During the morning they bombed and sank the Serenity (487 tons) and the Newcholce (236 tons), both the crews being Baved. They also machine-gunned the Craigie Lea (211 tons) wounding two members of the crew, end made off as fighters ap proached. Further attacks in the afternoon were made on the Tuscan Star (11.449 tons), and the trawlers Dervish Ahel ton. Arnold Bennett, Dromio, and the Italian sbip Valentino Coda. The Germans attacked the Tuscan Star with bombs and killed the second wireless operator with a fragment. They then machine-gunned the ves sel. The R.A.F. engaged the enemy In failing light, and fired a number of rounds, which Inflicted damage as the raiders disappeared in the clouds. A Gibraltar message says a Span ish mall and passenger 'plane was Been flying low In flames and crashed into the sea six miles from Europa Point. British destroyers dashed to the rescue and recovered three char red bodies. LONDON, December 18. The Inhabitants of an outlying Dan ish island near the German coast were eyewitnesses to the start of the air battle. They said the biggest en counters occurred between 10 a,m. and 3 p.m. A swarm of Messer schmitts took oft to meet British raiders. At least 14 bombs were dropped. Dog fights were obscured by the mist but explosions of anti aircraft Sre and machine gun fire were, heard at repeated Intervals. An amplified German communique declares several British bombers broke through to Wilhelmshaven and dropped three bombs without causing damage. The bombers were driven off by anti-aircraft fire and the wreckage of British 'planes washed up on the coast. The communique adds German 'planes belonged to the Schumacher fighter squadron and also announced the bodies of two British airmen, in volved In the Heligoland battle last Thursday, were washed up. LONDON, December 18. It Is unofficially learnt here there has been a severe engagement off the North West German coast. It is understood German reports are being circulated which grossly exaggerates both the numbers engaged and num bers of casualties. An official com munique will be issued shortly. LONDON December 18. The Air Ministry states 12 Moeser schmitts were shot down over Heligo land, which represents fifty per cent, of the total enemy forms THE WAR AT SEA. ' LONDON, December 18. A Berlin report says it Is officially denied that a British submarine sunk a cruiser of the Koenigsberg class, but admits the possibility of the underwater explosion mentioned In the German war communique on Thursday, reporttng a light cruiser was slightly damaged, which might have been caused by a British sub marine LONDON, December 18. The Admiralty announced this evening, 'H.M. trawlers Eveline and Sedgefly are overdue and must be presumed to have been sunk.' The names of the crews totalling 25 are published as missing and are believed to have been killed. An Admiralty announcement re garding casualties sustained in last Wednesday's action by H.M.S. Ajax confirms seven were killed. The an nouncement gives the nameB of two other members of the crew seriously A vessel of the Koenigsberg class. Germany has three ships of the Koenigsberg class— the Koenigsberg, Karlsruhe and Koeln, and they were completed In 192S. They have a displacement of 6000 tons, and their main armament consists of nine 6.9 Inch guns and four 3J- inch guns. They carry a complement of 671. The Karlsruhe was employed as a seagoing training ship for cadets, and the Koenigsberg as a gunnery training ship. Every possible expedient for saving weight was employed in their construction. A vessel of the Koenigsberg class. Germany has three ships of the Koenigsberg class— the Koenigsberg, Karlsruhe and Koeln, and they were completed In 192S. They have a displacement of 6000 tons, and their main armament consists of nine 6.9 Inch guns and four 3J- inch guns. They carry a complement of 671. The Karlsruhe was employed as a seagoing training ship for cadets, and the Koenigsberg as a gunnery training ship. Every possible expedient for saving weight was employed in their construction. injured, and adds that 11 other men received minor injuries only, and all are progressing satisfactorily. It Is now revealed German 'planes attacked a total of 14 ships in yester day's North Sea Channel raids. In addition to the eight ships already cabled, the trawlers Compagnus, Pearl, Isable and Greig were bombed and sunk. The Eileen Wray limped to port, leaking. The Admiralty also announced of the Evelina crew nine and of the Sedgefly crew 16, are over Two German 'planes attacked the Eileen Wray. The first dropped eight bombs and the other machine-gunned the crew 16 times as they were lower Ing boats. One bomb damaged the engines but the crew did not aban don ship, manned the pumps and managed to get to port. The Compagnus was similarly at tacked. Machine gun bullets killed a member of the crew as he raced across the deck wounded. Another bomb pentrated the engine room. The crew took to a boat and were picked up by a trawler. The Craglelea was attacked half an hour later. One of five bombs hit the engine room but did not explode. The captain signalled attackers to allow the men to take to a boat. The only reply was renewed bursts of fire. The Pearl was attacked off the East coast and men wounded. The traw ler was abandoned in a sinking con dition Three 'planes participated In this attack and fired furious bursts when the crew endeavored to return to the ship in a final attempt to cave her. The trawler Dereham took the wounded ashore, one of whom was struck by bullets seven times. Two R.A.F. coastal command ma chines sighted ten survivors of the New Choice in an open boat, 100 miles off the Scottish coast and guided a drifter to the scene. The men were picked up suffering exposure. A German communique claims, 'Ger- man 'planes reconnoitred fanwise over the whole oi the North Sea from the Shetland to Portsmouth, attacked and sank two patrol ships and dam aged three warships.' London circles point out the German claims refer to trawlers not warships. NEW YORK, December 19. ? The New York 'Times' Washington correspondent slates pan- American nations are discussing the question of laying upon Germany the blame for battle within the neutrality zone as the Streonshahl was sunk within the neutrality Eone and the Formosa attacked while plying between Ameri OSLO, December 18. The survivors of the Gilt ref Jell, which was sunk in the North Sea, hai'e arrived st a Scottish port. Five are missing STOCKHOLM. December 18. A submarine believed to be Russian fired 30 shells at the German steamer Pillau without registering a hit. THE WEST FRONT. LONDON, December 18. An official French communique an nounces a sharp engagement be tween the Saar and the Voges. The French took prisoners. Quiet prevails elsewhere. A German communique states ar tillery fire between the Moselle and Pfaelzer Wood was more active. Our Air Force carried out reconnaissance flights In East France and the North Sea. The 'Daily Telegraph's' correspon dent at Eupen says the massing of German troops between the left bank of the Rhine and the Luxembourg, Belgian and Dutch frontiers con tinues, Involving 20 army corps each composed of two or three divisions, partly augmented by troops from Central Germany and Poland. The Rhine divisions have been rejuven ated by the demobilising of fathers of families who are being sent to stiffen the new formations in Poland. Mechanised divisions on the Rhine are being largely reinforced and the firing power has been increased. Ger man troops resumed the counter of fensive formation adopted on Novem ber 9. The relations between troops and local civilians are not satisfac tory. A Berlin army communique reports more lively artillery fire on both sides of the Western Front. Recon naissance planes advanced as far North as Shetland Islands, and as far South as Portsmouth. They chased several patrol boats, one of which was bombed and sunk. English planes at tempted to reach the German coast in the evening. LONDON, December 18. Discontent is openly shown by Ger man troops owing to the suppression of Christmas leave. 