When RACES MINGLE' k \ - , ' . ' 4 ' , \- By Dean Inge I SAID ( recentjly, in writing about the Jews, that the jGerman political slogan of tace and blood is unscientific balderdash, since there are no pure races. Even the Jews, who have been estranged from their neighbours in their, adopted countries by religion ancl by persecution, are very much mixed, and the Geriyians are not even predominantly! Nordic. The . greatest advances m civilisation have been made- by ' the fusion of two cultures. The ancient .Greeks .are one example ; the Christian Church, is another. . . ' ' ... APINIONS differ as. to whether mixed V marriages are desirable. The child- rerf often start with' a disadvantage, like the Eurasians . (now rather absurdly . called Anglo-Indians) in India and the mulattoes in North America. On the other hand, the beauty of the quad roons (one-quarter- negro) used to do celebrated, and some- experts apeak- of "hybrid vigour." Th6 theory is that for one or two generations the offspring 01 miscegenation is more energetic than either of the parents. . . ' The general opinion is that while the .eugehist would look with approval on , the marriage of An Englishman and an Italian, or a German and a Jew, the mixture of two very different facial types, such as. the .European and the negro, Mongolian, or aboriginal Aus- t tralian, should not be encouraged. The most extraordinary meltjng-pot in the world is Hawaii, where the v natives of the Sandwich Islands mato with whites of every nation, and with Chinese and Japanese. The results, judging from photographs, are decidedly pleasing;, but the Polynesians, wherever they came from, are not very unlike Europeans. ... , The children of white New. Zealan- ,ders and Maoris are splendid mcn phy- .sically as we saw when a team of athletes most 1 of them half-breeds, , visited this .country. But the refugees whom we have always welcomed to our shores have belonged to kindred stocks, and if we can find room for them there -is not the < smallest reason why we should not .re ceive, them. Even" the Jews, who are sometimes, by no means always, recog nisable as, ; aliens, make good citizens. 'They seldom come on the rates, and many of them have won distinction in science, literature and administration, as well as in commerce. UNUSUAL STRENGTH 'npitiitmiMimniiimtiiiiiiiiiiimtwiriiimmniiitiifiiiiiiimmniimtiimmiimM OF CHARACTER ' VfiittinnHMHitiMiimitiHMimMiimfMHiinmiimimMiiin BRITAIN has ,'been successfully invaded again arid again. " The Celts, who, contrary to / : - miiiMmiHmiiitiiiiiiHHimKHmtHrimMimmimMimiMiitiiMiiiitjiiiMiiWHiMi; the usual opinion, ;were akin to the Teutons, mingled . with the , dark " Mediterranean " people whom they found in possession. The: Romaris left very- 'few 'traces., of Italian blood. The Roman arijilcs under ' the' empire were not made . up : of'- Italians; the legions quartered in Britain sometimes came from Spain; the men doubtless! took British wives. . The Saxon and Danish conquests were 'a very different affair' there was a r.eal: displacement of population; probably the majority of the Britons were killed or driven off by the English, who in iheir turn had reason to pray, '(From the fury of the Northmen, good Lord, de liver us." '' The Normans, a blend- of Scandi navians and Gauls, were a very fine race, but William's army brought very few women, and. the "Norman blood" of which Tennyson SDeaks was very much diluted. ' Since then--there has been no 'hostile Immigration, though some Cornishmen, oddly enough, like to-imaginc that' the shipwrecked ' sailors of -the, Spanish \- Armada found favour with Cornish girls. These unfortunates, , in point of fact, were given no opportunity of dls- piaying -their: seductive manners, , But,, there has been friendly immigra tion on a fairly, large scale, and we haVe profited greatly! b" it Henry I. imported colonies of Flemish weavers, who taiight, our people to make the coarse woollen cloth celled frieze, and Edward III. brought in more of them. Honesty com pels me to add that in 1381 the mob who murdered the Archbishop of Canterbury and sacked John of Gaunt's London palace massacred all the Flemish weavers whom they could find. The great influx of French Huguenots after the revolution of the Edict of Nantes ..is well known. Men who ore willing to go into banishment for their religious opinions are likely to have un usual strength -of character, and there can be no doubt that Louis XIV. ex- geiled some' of 'the best of his subjects, ooks have been written about the after history' of the Huguenot families. It is an astonishing record. The only parallel that I know is the history of the descendants of the Pil grim Fathers in the United States. A large percentage of the most distin guished Americans trace their descent £«n the pilgrims _ on the ' Mayflower, though some scepticism is perhaps justi fied. The Mayflower was not quite as large as the Mauretania. Well, we are now welcoming a large number of refugees from Germany, and a smaller number from Russia. Hitler is imitating our Edward I., who after encouraging the Jews to lend money at staggering rates of interest, bled them white by every kind of cruelty-, and then banished them. Cromwell brought them back;, but as late as 1753 there was a savage outbreak of anti-Semitism in England. FOREIGN SCIENTISTS IN BRITISH EMPIRE iiMimiMiimwMMmHiiHHMfMifflitmitiMimiiiiHMfmtiiMiHrmitittmtm . THE victims ofHitier-s persecution se!eift"!tb be mainly AnteL lectuals. The French revplu- -A -L G V ' a ' 4 A - tionaries guillotined Lavoisier on the ground that ''the Republic has no need of -chemists," and the Nazis seem to be of the same opinion. . There are said to be more than 300 foreign scientists now in the British Ejnpire, moat of them In England. Five of them are Nobel prizemen for science. Care must be taken not to reveal the 'identity . of these eminent .men, some of whom probably have relatives who might come under the lash ot the secret police,' In Germany. But it is said that they include at least ono leader in cancer research, and one who helped Germany enormously- dur ing the war by discovering how to extract nitrogen from the atmosphere. .Another, not a German, I- think, has studied the migrations of fiBh. Another has advanced the processes of making 'synthetic rubber and sugar. Another is associated with the new discovery of "heavy water," from which great things are expected by scientific chemists. Another is busy with low temperatures; ho has nearly achieved \- the absolute zero, .equals >' 273 CentU grade/ at which nothing- moves any more. ' , \ Such a galaxy of imported talent ought to give oiir country the first' place in experimental science. That . these men are grateful to their hosts, apd eager to do their best for the 'country that has welcomed them, need not be doubted. The greatest, of them all, Einstein, has ' found refuge in America. FATAL OBJECTION : iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiimimiiiiiitHinmimiiliiiiiiiiiiiinitiiifiiliiiiiiiii I S there such a thing . as collective in- sanity? I am utterly bewildered by the orgy of ..callous crue.lty and- senseless persecution, which has broken out since "the war, "In Russia, Spain,, Gerniany ' and , . other countries. '' I, must, leave,, it to wiser men ,to find a rational explanation of it all ; I do hot understand it." At any rate there is no doubt about the facts.., The: horrors -that are going on- are worse than anything that has appeared in print. Innocent people are being murdered every day by the secret police, and torture is regularly applied in the concentration camps. The relief of the poor victims .who have escaped from this inferno is piteous to see." Can we say that such a state of things is too bad . to last? The avcr- age citizen of a totalitarian State is a decent enough fellow, certainly not a cruel monster. True enough; but ho cannot call his , soul his own. There is no escape from modern tyranny. The fatal objection to State Social ism or State Capitalism (they are tho same thing) is that it makos the Gov ernment omnipotent. Every man's life, liberty and livelihood are at the mercy of some official. As Herbert Spencer said, "Socialism will mean slavery, and the slavery will not be mild," The Government may or may not wish to relax the reign of terror, but it does not dap to do it. As the Chinese proverb says, "Ho who rides on a tiger can never dis mount." i Many Germans, alas, are wishing for war as their only chance of deliverance. 