MUST QUIT U.S. A. WITHIN 60 DAYS CREW OF LINER COLUMBUS Captain Explains Scuttling AUSTRALIAN. ASSOCIATED PRESS NEW YORK, Wednesday. Landed here and taken to Ellis Island, the 579 survivors from the scuttled German liner Columbus . (32,000 tons) will be treated as distressed seamen and hot interned as combatants. They may enter the U.S. legally without visas, but must join another ship for a foreign country with- in 60 days. Companion ship of the sunken Columbus, the 5400-ton tanker Arauco, has been arrested in a Florida port on a debt claim. Asked why he had left the safety of the neutral port where he had sheltered with the Columbus since the war began, Captain Wilhelm Daehne shrugged and said: "If you get an order, you fill that order!" An official ruling as to the status of the Columbus's crew was given by Immigration authorities when they were brought into port to-day aboard the U.S. cruiser Tuscaloosa, which found them adrift after they had burned their vessel 400 miles north of Bermuda. Neither Press nor radio in Germany has yet mentioned the scuttling. Saw Flag, Gave Alarm Captain Daehne revealed that the Tuscaloosa began escorting him on Monday. At 2.30 p.m. on Tuesday, a destroyer appeared to the star board, approaching very quickly. "I could make out the British flag and a minute later I gave the general alarm to scuttle and burn the ship," he said. "I had drilled the crew for a month for this and they knew what to do. "At 2.57 p.m. the destroyer signalled to ston immediately ns she was send- ing a boat. At 3.5 p.m. she fired two shots across our bow and I ordered the lifeboats lowered. "Nine women were aboard the Columbus — stewardesses who had in sisted on coming along. Two fire men are missing. "They were happy-go-lucky fel lows. Evidently they delayed too long in leaving and perished with the ship." "We left Vera Cruz, escorted by American destroyers. There wee al ways one or two American cruisers with us in the beginning. They were friendly, and signalled, 'God-speed, a safe return home, and a Merry Christmas!' as they left." Concern For Survivors The Tuscaloosa's commander. Cap tain Harry Badt, said, in a broad cast, that the destroyer was very much concerned over the safety of the liner's crew. "Her commander asked me if I could take survivors," he said. "When we had 579 aboard, he wanted to find out if anyone was left aboard the Columbus. I told him that the cap tain of the Columbus stated that all were aboard the Tuscaloosa." Cruiser Waits Lying in Port Everglades (Florida), where she fled from a British cruiser, tlie Arauco has been attached with a writ for £12,000 by the Imperial Sugar Co. of Galveston (Texas). This action is intended to prevent hnr callin or until a hnni Hoc kaon nut up for that amount, even if hen skipper is willing to risk the British cruiser which is waiting outside. U.S. Treasury officials said that a partial investigation had disclosed no reason for the warrant or for the Arauco's detention. The Arauco escaped with the Columbus from Vera Cruz (Mexico) on the day after the Graf Spee was damaged in battle. PARIS, Wednesday. An official French estimate gives the total of German U-boats sunk by the Allied fleets since Septem ber 3 at 50. Murder Of Scots Fishermen LONDON, Wednesday. "The German bombers had ap parently flown 350 miles from Ger many for the purpose of murdering Scottish fishermen." This phrase, from a British Official Wireless bulletin, combats a German assertion that the many trawlers sunk by bombs and machine-guns in the North Sea were "warships and naval auxiliaries." German planes have attacked 35 vessels in the last three days, of which they sank one coaster and six trawlers. Two of those attacked were neutral and three were naval trawlers. Skipper J. M. Hall, of the trawler, Isabella Greig, gives an ' account of how his ship was bombed and machine- gunned last Sunday— an ex ample typical of many such cow ardly and merciless attacks. "The trawl was down when two Heinkels wcue sighted coming from the east-south-east. The crew of 10 took cover. , "The Germans came low and passed one on each side of the trawler with their rear machine-guns firing. "They circled us eight times, their wing-tips nearly touching the water. Besides machine-gunning, they also dropped 15 to 20 bombs. Boat Riddled "The crew started to lower their wwtti/. a tie ueniraiis opened neavy fire and wounded two men. I man aged to get off a wireless signal. "Finally the boat was got into the water riddled with bullets and the water-barrel was punctured. Taking the wounded with them, the crew abandoned ship. "When the boat was 500 yards from the trawler, the aircraft again opened fire on it and dropped three more bombs, but missed. "British planes' then appeared and the Germans made off." The trawler Trinity was also bombed and machine-gunned in the North Sea yesterday. Two of her crew were killed and one was wounded when escaping from the wreck. A Danish fishing-vessel, which res cued the Trinity's survivors, watched from a mile away the German planes repeatedly bombing and machine- gunning her. Docks Swept Grim-faced, and bitterly denounc ing Nazi bloodthirstiness, the crews of six Scottish trawlers have made port after being bombed. They in clude the Star of Scotland, which was towed in bearing the bodies of two of her crew, killed in a hail of bullets. Two others were seriously wounded, and the wheel- house was blown off. Skipper Noble, of the Strathalbyn, said he was twice attacked, and a heavy bomb fell 10ft. from «his bows. Then the gunners fired hundreds of rounds, sweeping the deck, but get ting no victims, because the crew took cover in the cabins. One of the killed was to have been best man at his skipper's wedding on Saturday. 