GOSSIP OF THE DAY "Women Drown Sorrows. WTOMEN. had always had their sor- T rows, but now they are taking what used -to be the man's way out- drowning them In drink. . Mrs E. Rob-' lnson, State organiser of the v/omen's Christian Temperance Union, said this when she spoke at a musicale in Mel bourne last week. She described her reactions to a visit to an hotel bar In Newcastle two weeks ago: I knew that I was nearer the threshold of hell than I had wer been?' she said. I have seen women go into public bars in Sydney, and Bit there smoking and drinking. That is what the womanhood' of this country is drifting to. Some women, Mr Robinson said, drank to be popular or smart. They forget, she went on, that women have a nobler work in the world than to be smart or popular." -I shudder to think what the- next generation is go ing to be like. " # Favourite Gamble Of Blacks. OTRIP POKES is the favourite gamblb of aborigines in the'North- ern Territory. The Administrator (Mr Abbott) revealed this at a Legacy Club -luncheon In Sydney last week. :The most coveted trophy is an old TYuntvAAn IWiH+ntwf .riAlloiya hlUTGF Ttfl . changes of ownership show which way luck is running. " I have seen it gracing the svelte forms of lubras," said Mr' Abbott. "The last time I saw it It was on old Marianna, king of the Bathurst Island tribe; "My gardener, Charlie, went out wearing a new white suit, shirt and shoes/bought for him By Mrs Abbott," continued the Administrator. "He came home wearing a loincloth and carrying a torch. " I have known winners to come back proudly, on a hot night, wearing a huge overcoat. Probably these boys had held four kings." ' A . Bathurst fslander, Charlie, once gave Mr Abbott a shock. He saw Charlie looking gloomily out to sea, add asked what was wrong, " Nostalgia," replied Charlie. Ail That Glitters. WITH his eyes still dazzled by the footlights, an American tap- dancer at a city vaudeville theatre bought two rings one day last week. They cost hlm £16. In daylight,; the rings lost theit-glltter... And the artist lost confidence. : He had the rings valued. They' were worth 10/6 each wholesale. Detectives are now seeking two men who. sold the rings.' The men, well- dressed, asked for (lie stage doorkeep er and' showed him twoi rings— "dia mond in a platinum letting." They explained that they would like to show them /to some of the artiste and per haps strike a bargain. The American, and several others, » joked at the rings. The price was £20. The" American offered £16. After bargaining, the men accepted the offer, because they had to. "go to the country." » V "Throne Built on Lottery." "itthe present Royal House of . Brl- tain wae founded on a- lottery." This is the retort made by Mr G. S. Prlngle, a local scholar, to cbufch cri ticism of a proposed lottery to raise £15,000 for crippled children. In a letter to the Mayor (Alderman Jenner),.Mr Prlngle says : "At 'Celle, In 1592, the seven sons of William the Pious of Hanover agreed that only one should marry to continue the-succes- sion. "Six silver balls and a gold one were placed In the reputed helmet of their ancestor, William the Lion, These were drawn for, George winning the prize. He is a direct ancestor of . the present King George VI." g Danish Dairy Farmers Wanted Hera. , A SSISTANCE and encouragement for dairy farmers in Northern European countries to migrate to Australia, viae urged by Mr.C. B. Walsh (Boort) at the Victoria Liberal Country Party con ference. Mr Walsh said that Australia # would profit from the settlement of ex perienced dairy fanners, and that Nor thern European immigrants were of a far more desirable type than the majority of those who were how pour ing into Australia. Mr Walsh moved the adoption of the following resolutions: That highly- skilled dairy farmers from Denmark be assisted to establish themselves per manently in Victoria, in various dis tricts as a helpful adjunct to the Industry generally. That this conference is alarmed at the increase of undesir able immigrants, and urges encourage ment of dairy farmers from Northern Europe. The resolutions were adopted unani mously. Anzac Festival To Be Pageant This Year. 7TIHE Anzao Festival, organised by the ' Anzao Fellowship of Women, - this year will take the form of a pageant representing traditional events, anniver- ' series of which fall near Anzac Day. The pageant will be presented in His Majesty's Theatre on the night of- Sat urday, April 22. Annual competitions associated with the festival will- be held at: the Melbourne University Con- servatorium between 2 and 5 p.m.- on Monday, April 17. # » q. : DOUBLE EVENT WITHIN a few hours, Stan." McCabe, Test cricketer, starred both as a cricketer and golfer last Saturday. At Manly, In the morning, he played in the 18-holes golf stroke handicap, staged In conjunction ..with the Manly medal. He won with a- .74 "off the stick" — the third-best score of the day. The round proved McCabe as a class golfer, - as - the course was heavy, giving no run to- the ball. Australian open champion, Jim Ferrier, who won the medal; was only three strokes better with a 71. In the midst, of congratulations from his golf companions,. McCabe put hiB clubs in the locker, and set out by car for Jubilee Oval, Glebe, where he had to lead Mosman in a bid for the cricket premiership. Mosman, competition leaders, had not been able to play the., previous Saturday owing to rain, , and the posi tion was tense. McCabe won the toss and sent Glebe to b'af He took six wickets for 35, Including three in one over. Glebe was out for 84. McCabe then made a quick 38, and Mosman won the match. It wae a nice "bag" for McCabe — a olub . premiership blazer and a golf trophy. 