SUGAR FOR THE KNOXES • Profits Unlimited For 97 Years FACTS, FIGURES, & PERSONALITIES NO. 7 By J.N. RAW LING Just on 99 years ago a Danish gentleman arrived in Australia from Elsinore. whence a certain Hamlet, Prince of Denmark once hailed. But Edward Knox was no Hamlet. He knew what he wanted and went after it, gained it, and his family has enjoyed it ever since. "It" was ".«ugar," in the vulgar sense; and he gained it by means of sugar, in the usual sense of that word. In 1842 the Australasian Sugar Co. was started in Sydney and, in the following year, Knox became manager. Two years later, he berg me connected with the Commercial Banking Co., which had been formed n 1834. In 1854. he formed the Colonial Sugar Refining Co.. and it took over the business or the A.S. Co. from January 1, 1855. Ever since then. Ihe fortunes of the Knox family hare been closely linked with the C.SJt. and the C.B.C., which ttiey have controlled. ALMOST £12,000,000 The original capital of the CJ5.R. was £150.000. Today, the paid-up captal is £11.700,000 in 585.000 shares of £20 each. Not one penny of that vast capital has been paid by shareholders! They are all bonus shares; that is. share certificates to the value of plted-up reserves have been issued to shareholders—reserves to the value of £11,700,000 have been called capital. The Knoxes have been drawing big dividends upon shares for uhirh they have paid nothing;! KANAKAS AND UNIVERSITY The original directors of the CJSM. were Edw. Knox, Wm. Fanning, Walter Lamb, Edwin Tooth, and Wm. Walker. A big shareholder was John Henry Challis—so that out of sugar and Kanaka labor came the hundreds of thousands that provided the ChalHs endowments of the Svdnev Unlver:ity. A fact that it will perhaps some day remember, when it will erect a monument to the dead Kanakas who enabled thousands of Australian men and women to receive a University education. GOOD KICK OFF The first net profits of the newcompany for the half-year ending June 30,1855, were £16,123/1/10. and p dividend of 20 per cent, was declared! From 1855 to 1887 the C.S.R. was an unlimited com pan v and its accounts were not published. In 1887, however, it became a limited company and its first directors were: Edw. Knox, then Ml.C. (chairman). Thomas Buelcland. Walter Lamb, F. C. Griffiths aiid J. B. Watt, MXi.C. Its paid up capital was by then £600,000, and its reserves £356,513/4/11. FIFTY YEARS AGO In his speech at the general meeting of April 30, 1389, Knox was able to announce that, in the 21 months since the C.SH. became a limited company, it had made profits amounting to £192,024 16 4 An item that appears in the annual accounts of those years is this: "Immigration Expenses and expenditure on crops." This is a respectable covering: for an item that, correctly designated as "kidnapping and shanghaiing Kanakas to Queensland," would not have sounded so well. In the 1889 report, that item amounted to over £107,000—but that was much cheaper than wages would have been! FEARED STRIKES In 1890 occurred the Big Strike. The Knoxes felt their interests threatened. E. Knox, in his speech when delivering the half-yearly report to September 9 of that year, said: ". . . The Board is also strongly of opinion that an Association of Employers, to counteract that of the combined Trades Unions, should be formed; and if a general Defence Fund be started for this purpose, such as is now proposed, they deem it in the interest of the Company tc subscribe largely to such a fund." The following year Edw. Knox resigned his seat on the Board and h s son, E. W., succeeded him. Another son, T. F., was managing director of Dalgety's for many years and died in 1919. Still another son, Sir Adrian, bccamc Chief Justice of Australia and friend and heir of John Brown, the coal- mining magnate. E. W. Knox retired in 1932 and today his son, E. R„ is managing director of C.SK,, as well as being a director of C.B.C., Perpetual Trustee Co., Sydney Exchange Co.. and United Insurance Co. The family has done well for itsc:l since it left Elsinore. FAMILIAR NAMES I have before me a list of shareholders cf the C.S.R. in 1891. There are many familiar names—of those families who have reaped the reward of foresight by be*ng in sugar for half a century. These are some of them:,C., G., and H. Binnie, F. and H. Blaxland. T. Buckiand, Sir F. A. Burrows, G. J. Cohen. Sir Daniel Cooper, the Fairfaxes, the Faithfulls, T. A. Gordon. F. W. and J. R. Hill. H. E. Kater, the Knoxes, G., A. W„ W. F., and 3. de V. Lamb. B. W. Levy, C. K. Mackellar. H. N. Maclaurin. E. and T. W. Mason, the Parbury family, F. Poolman. Sir Alfred Roberts, the Stephens, R. L. Tooth, and so on. The original Edward Knox, therefore. was the ideal bourgeois. He had h.s head screwed on the right way. Next Issue: Sugar for the Knoxes (Continued). 