THIS YEAR'S GRAIN 'RACE' Positions by the Times of Passage NEW YORK SCHOOL TO BUY SMALL SAILER It is possible, states Mr. Frank C. Bowen writing for the 'Liverpool Journal of Commerce,' to judge the positions in this year's 'race' by the times of passage, as the Killoran is the only one of the Australian grain racers to arrive, and she is not likely to come in for some time. The Abraham Rydberg took 120- - days from. Port Germein to Ips wich, the Archibald Russell 121 days from Port Broughton to Fal mouth, the LawhiH'140 days from Port Lincoln to Falmouth, the Mosliulu 91 days from Port Vic toria to Queenstown, and the Olivebank 118 days from Port Vic toria to Queenstown. The Padua took 98 days from Port Lincoln to Glasgow, and the Pamir 96. days from Port Victoria to Falmouth. The Passat took 98 days from Port Lincoln to Fal mouth, the Pommern 117 days from Port Victoria to Falmouth after a remarkable outward run, the Viking 122 days from Port. Victoria to Cardiff, and the Win terhude 134 days from Port Ger mein to Falmouth. It is interest ing to compare the length of pas sage with the age of ship. Among the Baltic timber men the veteran Alastor, which left Gravescnd for Hernosand on July 21, arrived on August 2. The Cly tia arrived at Exeter from Kotka on the last day of July, and left for Teignmouth on August 5. The Danish Cornwall left Riga for Stornoway on August 4, the Dan nebrog arrived at Svendborg from Granville on August 3, and the auxiliary Elisabeth,' having broken her voyage from Umea to Pon treiux at Fredrikshavn, with leak ing tanks, had things put right and was on her way again on Au gust 4. The Gcrda arrived at' Plymouth from Kopmanholmen oil August 6, the Gustaf arrived at Copen hagen from Ivemi and left again for Exmouth on August 4, the Jaan arrived at Hernosand on a pas sage from Kerni to London on Au gust 1, the Margina arrived at Methil from Lerwick on August 5, and the Sine left Copenhagen for T'' Exmouth on August 3. The Tor milind left the Tyne for Parnu on August 3. Among the miscellaneous traders, the Carl Vinnen arrived at Izmir on the 30th, and on August 3 the Italian Eros left Tunis for San Pietro. She was formerly the Nuova Italia, built in 1920. The famous Captain Bob Bartlett is engaged on his usual scientific cruise in Greenland waters in the ' Effie Morrisscy. The 1219-ton American Herbert L. Rawding ar rived at Baltimore from Haiti on the 7th, and on August 2 the Jean S. McRae left Gaspe for Barba dos on her usual run. The Danish auxiliary Pax arrived at the Tail of the Bank from Tallcnaf jord on August 2. Greek Ships Confiscated . Encouraged by the recent ships built in Holland and elsewhere for the Portuguese, Norwegian in terests have completed the auxili ary fishing schooner Anders Lia aen, which is intended to be em ployed on the 'West Greenland fishery. She is a very up-to-date vessel, and although she will do most of her cruising under sail she has sufficient power to give her a speed of 11 knots on trial. In Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, the auxiliary schooner Brenda Mar guerite has been launched by Messrs. Smith & Rhuland for Cap tain Angus Tanner. There have been all too few schooners launched for the Banks and inshore fishing fleets recently. What might be regarded as one of the miscellaneous trades, the smuggling of illegal Jewish immi grants into Palestine, has resulted in two Greek sailing vessels being confiscated after their masters had been sentenced to terms of im prisonment. Some of these little Greeks are beautiful vessels, but when it conies to packing 600 or 700 refugees into a ship of under 100 gross tons the conditions are not very far removed from the ' slave trade. In the training service, the Nor wegian Christian Radicli arrived , at Vigo at the end of July. The little Fano reached the Vestmann Islands on July 31 and the Kom- j modore Johnsen wirelessed her I position 70 miles W.S.W. of Niton on August 7. The Roumanian Mir cea made a two-day stay at Gibral tar and then left for Algiers on August 8, the little Romo arrived at Sables from Keplavik on Au, gust 7 and on August 1 the Ger man Scute Deern (ex Bandi) ar rived at Ivoivisto from Trave mund, while the Norwegian Sor landet wirelessed her position as being off May Island on the same day. New York School To Buy Small i Sailer The New York Metropolitan Vo cational High School is attempting to buy a small sailing vessel of handyrig, yawl, ketch or schooner, from 30 to 60 fc^t in length, for training purposes. Sea training is a new venture for the school, but apparently it is determined to give a thoroughly practical course to youngsters who want to join the American service with sail experi ence. Galatea Figurehead Received The Mariners' Museum of New port News, has received the figure head of the sailing ship Galatea. The interest of this figurehead to , the Americans is not purely aca- j demie, for she was originally^an ! American ship. She was a wooden 1 ship of 1306 tons, which was built in 1865 at East Boston as the Isa bel, not by any means a clipper, l but a good healthy cargo carrier of the post Civil War age. In 1882 she was very badly bat- ; tered in a gale off Port Elizabeth, , and was towed into Table Bay, where she was the first merchant ship to use the Robinson graving dock. Examination showed that she was not worth repair, and she was bought for a song by a Russian liotelkeeper, who used her as a hulk for some time, and then broke her up on the foreshore at the end | of what is now Alfred Street. Her figurehead was salved, and j for a long time stood in a tea- I garden attached to a hotel at i Simonstown before it was bought ; by Captain Eisermaii, who sold it to the Americans. 