SECRECY OF TALK BALTIC Delegation "s Return FINNISH NAZIS' RUSE FAILED LONDON, Monday. THE Finnish delegation to Moscow has now arrived back at Heisingfors, the capital of Finland, for con versations with the Finnish Government, and may return to Russia in a few days time. A message from Heisingfors says that there is op timism regarding a settlement. From neither Moscow nor Finland has come any indication of the nature of the demands, but a Finnish Government spokesman said that reports published abroad were not in ac cordance with the facts. This statement referred, among others, to an earlier report that the demands included a cession of Hogland and other Finnish islands in the Gulf of Finland, a military alliance, and an arrangement on the status quo in the Aaland Islands. The Finnish President had an interview with French journalists in Helsingfors yesterday, and said that Finland's neutral relations with Russia were based on three things. These, he said, were: The peace treaty of 1920, which Finland had always honoured; a non-aggression pact .with Russia in 1932, and another pact concluded with Russia a year later, in which the word "aggression" was defined. He added: "We hope that Russia will respect the agreements, the principal of which she herself has emphasised at various inter national conferences." FINNISH NAZIS FAILED According to despatches from Hels ingfors. received in Copenhagen repre sentatives of the Finnish Nazi Party went to Berlin recently to try to see Hitler and put the Finnish case be fore him. They are said to have seen neither Hitler nor Ribbentrop, but only a minor official. This man said that while Hitler sympathised with their case, Finnish interests were outside the German sphere. RUSSIANS ENTER ESTHONIA LONDON, Monday. It is reported from Tallin that the first detachment of Soviet troops to enter Esthonia in accordance with the recently signed Esthonian-Soviet pact, landed at an Esthonian port yesterday. The detachment, which numbered 300, will be engaged in coastal defence work. A larger body of troops is to arrive at the same port on Wednes day. Fourteen Soviet warships are now at anchor in Tallin Bay. They in clude the flagship of the Red fleet, and 10 destroyers and some sub marines. DISPOSITION OF TROOPS According to the Rome wireless, ' 70.000 Russian troops will be stationed in Esthonia, Latvia and Lithuania, and 20,000. men will cross into Esthonia on Wednesday, while another 5000 will follow later. The garrison for Latvia will also total 25,000, while Lithuania will have 20,000 Russian troops on> her territory. ENTERING VILNA. DISTRICT The Lithuanian troops have now commenced to march into the Vilna district, carrying supplies of food, petrol and other commodities to re lieve the shortage there. They are expected to reach the' city of Vilna to-night. Tlie Russian troops are with drawing: to the newly arranged Soviet-Lithuanian frontier. PROMISES TO GERMAN BALTIC EMIGRANTS LONDON, Monday. The first group of German im migrants from Latvia, numbering 350, arrived last night from Riga. They have signed a declaration they will not return to Latvia. The Germans from Esthonia are to be settled in Poland. The German legation in Tallin, the capital of Esthonia, stated last night that the Germans being evacuated from Esthonia this week would be settled in the regained German territories to the C2LSt>« " NO HOUSING PROBLEM . . Housing, said the statement, does not present a problem, as there are numerous empty dwelling houses, which, in many cases, are only slightly damaged. Although they are going to a de vastated land, the evacuees are* told that they may expect to continue their fives in very much the same circum stances as they enjoyed in Esthonia. They have been promised partial compensation for the property they lost in Esthonia. "GERMANY LOST EVERYTHING" The Stockholm correspondent of the Danish newspaper, "National Tidende," says to-day that= by evacuating the Germans from the Baltic Germany has lost everything in that area without a single blow being struck. "For.700 years," he continues, "Ger many has put capital into the Baltic States. Now all' German enterprises are under local control. German banks have been closed, and German newspapers are ceasing publication. "In Riga already 10 ships arc waiting to take the German evacuees away, and 20 others arc expected." BAN ON GERMANS LONDON, Monday. In Sweden, German nationals have been forbidden to enter rail way property, ports, factories and other areas, to take photographs, or to make notes. In certain cases permission to stay in the country is restricted to definite areas. Some time ago the Swedish press alleged that Germans collected infor mation about the sailing dates of Swedish ships and passed it on to Germany. With this help, it was said, German submarines set out to sink Swedish vessels, regardless of their rights as neutrals. POLISH PROTEST LONDON, Monday. According to reports from Kaunas (Lithuania), tHe Polish Minister there has protested to the Lithuanian Gov ernment against the reincorporation ofVilna into Lithuania. He emphasis ed that Russia had no right to dispose of this territory, and said that the matter was one for settlement be tween the Polish and Lithuanian Gov ernments. "We Want to be Friends" WASHINGTON, Sunday. The ^Finnish Minister (Mr. M. H. Jalmar Procope), in a broadcast said that Finland wanted friendly rela tions with Russia and Germany, but would not surrender her vital rights, nor sign an agreement incompatible with her independence, neutrality and integrity. 