NEWS in BRIEF After exhaustive scientific research, Dr. G. P. Stewart, of Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, has discovered that blind ness, due to headlight dazzle, is caus ed by lack of "visual purple" in the human eye. To rectify this lack, he recommends that motorists should eat oranges, which contain vitamins A and C, to build up the necessary con stituent. What happens to the driver who becomes bilious after eating oranges is not mentioned. 9 * m The Australian Meat Board reports that about 1,200,000 cwt. of beef and veal will be exported from the Com monwealth in the next six months, of which about 250,000 cwt. will be chilled. London advices indicate that the quality of Australian chilled beef is steadily improving. *'• 9 Completing a hurried tour of Aus tralia on behalf of the Indian Army Commisariat, Mr. i. B. Quinlan, who returned to India by the StrathalLan this week, stated he had made over 200 contracts in all States for the supply of food requirements for the Indian Army, covering everything a soldier needs, "from bootlaces to bacon." • * * In the opinion of experts from the Lockheed Aircraft factories (U.S.A.), who are now in Australia to test the Lockheed Hudson bombers a£ they arrive to the order of the Defence De partment, the aeroplane motors being turned out by the Commonwealth Air craft Corporation, Melbourne, are equal to any similar aeroplane engine in the world. • * * The annual report of the National Debt Commission, which controls all sinking funds for the redemption of Commonwealth and State debts, re veals that receipts for 1938-39 amounted to £10,876,000, which had been used in the purchase of Common wealth and State securities in Aus tralia, London and New York. Re ceipts for the current financial year in sinking fund payments are estimated at £11,672,000, which also will be used in reduction of the public debt. * 9 m The London County Council's report on London statistics, recently publish ed, gives the population of Greater London as 8,655,000, compared with the world's next largest city—New York—which has a population of 7,000,000. Greater London contains 88 theatres, 201 cinemas, 224 hotels and 26 dance halls. One hotel to each 38,640 people would not suit Australia very well! • * * Alleged to be guilty of treasonable actions against France, Otto Abetz, of the German Foreign Ministry, was ordered to leave the country last month and was prevented, last week, from making a re-entry. Germany has threatened to take "measures." * • * A cable message states that Ger mans In Bratislava (Slovakia) have commenced organised riots against Jews, smashing their Shop windows, looting and ill- treating them. The riots are described as reprisals for anti-German sympathies of the Czech Jews. Although entries do not close for another fortnight, already approxi mately 2,800 applications have been received by the Air Board from men desirous of qualifying for commissions in the Royal Australian Air Force. • * * A group of young militiamen at Fort Knox (U.S.A-) found an un exploded shell amongst the army stores and commenced examining it An explosion resulted, killing six and wounding two of the men. It is stated that those killed literally were blown to bits. * • • Jean Bugatti, son of the famous manufacturer of Bugatti cars, was killed at Strasbourg when driving at a speed of 100 miles per hour in special racing car he was testing. The accident occurred in swerving to miss a cyclist on the road. *** A lull in the fighting between Rus sians and Japanese on the Mongolian frontier is reported, although air fights continue. It is believed that the Soviet supported and encouraged hos tilities between the Mongolians and Manchukuan border patrols to im press Japan with the dangers of a military alliance with the Axis. » WAKE'S GARAGE, Richardson St. I through to Taylor St., Katanning, for J Machinery Parts. Agents for Agri cultural Parts Supply Co. Ltd. 1 Lord Liurgan, the Irish baritone who is visiting Australia under con tract to the Australian Broadcasting Commission, stated in Sydney this week that he had decided to offer the whole of his earnings from concerts and broadcasts while in the Common wealth for a fitting memorial in Syd ney to the late Dame Nellie Melba. • * • Fifteen senior army officers throughout Australia this week re ceived formal notice from the Deft nee Department of their retirement from active service as from September 1 next The vacancies thus caused, are to be filled by younger men in the service. • * • It is reported that the wreck of the American streamlined express, City of San Francisco, which crashed through a bridge fni|M£Nevada Mountains and caused the^neath of 36 persons, was due to sabotage, 30ft. of rail having been deliberately moved. Two Mel bourne residents were on the train, but escaped injury. While a collection of small boys at Subiaco were playing with a toy air gun, one of the number was struck in the face by a pellet from the gun, a painful wound being inflicted c1q& to his right eye. The doctor who attt tid ed the case stated the boy mighty easily have been blinded had" the pellet not struck the cheek bone. • • * Two gold racing cups valued at £600, which were won by Tookarby in 1923 and 1925, were stolen from the home of Mr. F. W. Kitchen, East Mal vern (Melbourne), the owner of the horse, on Tuesday night. Mr. Kitchen and his family were in an adjoining room at the time of the theft. • » • Trapped in a blazing cottagi at Waitaanga (N.Z.), Mary McGraever (7) was burnt to death on her birth day. The child was playing with some of her presents in bed and apparently set flre to her clothes. The victan's mother, who was sleeping in another room with her baby, was saved, but the infant was severely injured. • * * A London message reports that the estate of the late Sir Philip Sassoon, who died on June 3 last, had been proved at £1,946,000. * * • The London "Daily Mail," after ex amining Australian immigration figures, draws attention to the num ber of unassisted German migrants entering the Commonwealth and points out the possibility of unpleas ant consequences should there be an unbalanced alien population. * * * Pan-American Airways' flying-boat California Clipper will leave San Francisco next Tuesday on a survey flight to New Zealand, via Honolulu, Canton Island, and Noumea, and is expected to arrive at Auckland on August 26. The clipper wilt carry a crew of eight, but no passengers or mail. • * * A semi-military Moslem order call ed the Khaksars, with a membership of over 400,000, has been established in India under Nazi-Fascist influences. It is a kind of secret society, with blood ritual on initiation, and is pledged "to establish a hegemony and conquer the world." ♦ • * With "absolute disinterest other than a desire, to right wrongs and pro tect the oppressed," the German and Italian Press are clamouring for the return of Gibraltar to Spain. "Abso lute disinterest" surely is an over statement of fact. « * * A Gibraltar message states that when the wife of Major Malfrey, medical officer at Gibraltar, who had attended a bullfight at Algeciras (Spain), failed to give the Fascist salute when the band played the Spanish equivalent of "God Save the King," she was arrested, and was not released until she paid a fine of £120 sterling. • m m Acting under the provision of the recently enacted Eire public safety legislation, police at Dublin raided houses of persons suspected of LR.A. sympathies and arrested four persons, including the editor of the "Wolftone Weekly," a Republican publication. • * • Refusing to strip in company with a number of Chinese men at the fyr-, rier to the French Concession at1 Tientsin, Mrs. Richard, a 60-year-old American subject, had her face slap ped by a Japanese sentry and was otherwise humiliated. The American Consul has protested. In similar circumstances to an assault in the same locality about three weeks ago. a young woman was savagely attacked in Coghlan road, Subiaco, on Tuesday night, by an unknown assailant who struck her a heavy blow on the head. Several persons saw the assault and informed the police they had seen a man dis appearing along the street. When Watteau's famous painting. "L' Indifferent," was stolen some months ago from the Paris Louvre, the theft was believed to have been the act of a person employed by an international art collector. This week the picture, which is regarded as priceless but carries a nominal value of £25,000, was returned to the gal lery by a Russian painter, who stated he had taken it because the picture required renovation and the frame was an atrocious one. ♦ * • Speaking in the Legislative Council this week, Hon. H. V. Piesse, M.L.C., sought an amendment of the Electoral Act to provide that persons not eligi ble to take their seat in Parliament be" prohibited from nominating. He was referring to the recent action of C. O. Barker, who won the Irwin-moore seat and resigned—for an unstated reason—without taking his seat. 1 Having delivered suburban mails motor van was returning to the Syd ney G.P.O. when it collided with a motor car, the impact being so severe that both vehicles were locked to gether, the petrol tank of the van being torn off and petrol splashed over both vehicles. A fire started immediately. The driver of the car was able to jump clear, but the mail driver was caught in the blazing cab of the van and could not be released until his hair and clothes were burn ing. He was removed to hospital in a serious condition. * * * Although Germany is vehement in assertions that it has only peaceful intentions towards Poland, a cable states that defences have been erected along the entire length of the Polish frontier, behind which over a million German troops are standing to arms. * * m A Hong Kong message states that the Japanese had landed troops from transports on Kowloon Peninsular, in the colony of Honk Kong, menacing the British colony. It is feared that the Japanese landing is a preliminary to a blockade similar to that of the British Concession at Tientsin. * * * The Hong Kong correspondent of the London "Times" reports that Japanese transport vessel struck a mine near Wangmoon. in the Canton area, and sank, Chinese guerillas attacking the survivors as they at tempted to land and annihilating nearly the whole company. * * « Although British authorities decided last week to hand over the four Chinese held as suspects in the mur der of a pro-Japanese banker, no action yet has been taken in surren dering the men owing to the storm of protest raised not only in Britain hut all over the world. A London mes sage states the matter is receiving further consideration. * * * The British United Press Berlin correspondent reports that the Ger man Jews had completed the payment of 20 per cent of their wealth levied to meet the collective fine of £83.000. 000 imposed on them under an edict by Herr Hitler last November. The payment was made in four instal ments. The last man aboard the Australian cruiser Perth before she left New York on her voyage to Australia was a young naval rating, who was brought to the ship hy the police minus uniform and shoes. He repor ted that he had been drinking with some men and apparently had been doped. » * a Ronald Bruce Walker, M.L.A. U.A-P. member for Hawkesbury in the New South Wales State Parlia ment, was arrested on Thursday after he had given evidence in the Wool cott- Forbes conspiracy case, and charged with conspiracy. Bail was fixed at £500. Three other persons connected with the affairs of Wool cott-Forbes also were arrested. Resenting the increased cost of beer in New Zealand, brought about by an increase in excise by the Gov ernment to raise funds with which to pay increased wages to the workers, unionists in Wellington have decided to boycott air hotels until prices have j been reduced to the old level. No beer, no excise, no extra wages, an easily assimilated example of the vic ious circle, in reverse. A British Airways 'plane, bound for Hamburg, caught fire at a height of 3,000 feet when approaching the Dan ish coastline and a forced landing was made on the water. Foip- passengers and the mechanic were drowned, but the pilot and three passengers were rescued. m m m The Irak Government has paid £20,000 as compensation to the widow ofthe British Consul at Mosul (A. C. Monck-Mason), who was murdered last April by a crowd of fanatics who blamed the British Administration for the death of King Ghazi, killed when a car he was driving struck an elec tric light standard. The Premier (Mr. Willcock) an nounced this week that Mr. P. J. Mooney. a Labor stalwart and presi dent of the State executive of the A.L.P. for the past 15 years, had been appointed to the State Licensing Bench. Mr. Mooney 4s 61 years of age and for 20 years worked at the ; Midland Railway Workshops. * • * After having lived in poverty for j years, Mrs. .Anna Pauline Egan, a dole recipient living with her hus band, an invalid pensioner, in a two roomed shack on the Albury common age, received information this week; that she had inherited £8,000 sterling from the estate of her uncle, Sir Lionel Harty, Bart., of County Dub lin, Ireland. Her first reaction was to purchase a wireless set! * • • Passengers in three Auckland trams on Wednesday morning had an alarming experience when the trams were struck by lightning and put out of action. The trams were following each other, the lightning striking the leading one and running down the rails to the succeeding ones. * • • Failing to recognise a British Air ways plane from Zurich on its way to Croydon, a French anti-aircraft battery fired at the machine and nar rowly missed it. A radio message from the pilot elicited the information that it was over a prohibited part of the Maginot Line. The plane carried nine passengers and a crew of three. • * * Following an incident recently at Algeciras, when the wife of an army officer at Gibraltar was fined by Spanish civil officers for not saluting a Fascist tune, the Governor of Gibraltar has issued an order forbid ding army and naval officers and men and their families from entering Spain. » m m The full Bench of the Common wealth Arbitration Court, sitting in Sydney, this week laid down the prin ciple that a 44-hour working week should be accepted as the standard for Australian industry. Hitherto the standard of hours has been 48. Com menting' on the finding of the Court, the secretary of the A.C.T.U. said the new objective of the unions was a 40 hour week and eventually they would claim a 30-hour week. 