NEWS OF THE DAY Esprit de Corps :"v A strong sense of esprit de corps was the ' description applied yesterday in military circles in reference to the at titude of militia men of. the ,2n'd /In fantry Brigade . in volunteering , as- Z a brigade - for service overseas. All '.f bur battalions; it was -disclosed/ signified -a desire to be incorporated- in the/A'.I.F., preserving their own identity as': a- unit'. However; . while.' appreciating ".the spirit of. the - men; the: military authorities stated "that from the militia- and A.I.F. point of view it .was impracticable to permit mass enlistment of milita 'bat-; talions as battalions' for the' A.I.F. Under the reinforcement scheme , al ready in' existence, however/ it .was provided that reinforcements should be affiliated with their parent regiments in the militia, and that militia volun teers for service abroad should have opportunity of enlisting in their equivalent battalions in the A.I.F. That apparently' had not. been considered sufficient by many militiamen whose readiness to enlist in the A.I.F. was associated with the conditional request that the actual militia .battalion should be transferred to the A.I.F.. This was not practicable. Not only would '/blanks" be created in the militia establishments, but the. administration of the A.I.F. reinforcements .quota sys tem would be upset. ... ..'. ... More Elections Amidst tlie hurly-burly of a' Legisla tive Assembly election to-day, the Chief Electoral Officer (Mr. W. L. Rowc), when - arranging his last- minute details for the poll yesterday, was faced with visions of another elec tion. Rolls closed for "the Legislative Council, members of which must go to the pqll- by... June. The elections for the- council are not described as "general" elections, as only half of the number' of members retire. There are 34 members in the Council, and therefore the . forthcoming election for the Upper House will be a less worry ing affair for the electoral office than that of to-day, as," at the most; there can be only 17 contests. In the Assem bly, however, there are contests in 44 of -the 65 electorates, with 105 can didates seeking political honors, in volving considerable organising to assure expeditious polling, and smart and efficient counting of over 1,000,000 ballot papers. - One Non-Paying Board Federal and State Governihental boards do not usually - lack ap plicants for posts as members, as they usually carry good fees.. There is one board, however, which is not being rushed. It is tlie Victorian Chicory Board. Nominations for elec tion to this . board closed vesterday, but the Chief Electoral Officer (Mr. W.- L. Rowe) announced that there was only one nomination for. No. 1 district (Phillip island). It was that oi the retiring member, Mr. R. T. Harris. There was no nomination, for No. 2 District (French Island and the Mainland), which has not been repre sented for some time. . There is such a small business in chicory that board members have waived their rights to fees for some time, which accounts tor the lack, of competition for mem bership. ; Cool Change Extends After bringing relief from torrid con ditions to the' southern portion of thi State on Thursday, the cool change has now extended, to tlie interior of Vic toria, arid as a consequence tempera tures generally were lower yesterday than,, fr some time. North of the Dividing Range they - were - mostly ,in the 80s, the State's maximum reading being 81 deg. at Swan Hill. . In Mel bourne the maximum reading at the Central W eather Bureau was 67 .2 deg . ; 'i„de?;. beloJv, the normal . reading; while the : minimum . temperature , "of 56.9 deg. at 7.30 a.m.,: was slightly above normal. Prospects for the week end -indicate- fine Distant' 'weather, tending warmer, with south-east ;. to east winds. The only rain associated with the change in Victoria was eight points at Butcher's- Ridge; in East Gippgland. : . "Dear Brutus" While a speaker before . Melbourne Rotary Club this week was strongly deprecating' modern' tolerance of an ancient belief in astrology, German police in Berlin, .a cable message stated yesterday, were experiencing a busy time confiscating astrological calendars because too- many read in the stars predictions of drastic trouble this year for the Nazis. Possibly; if astrology could be guaranteed to provide without fail an end to Nazi domination, in Ger- fiianjf - .year many Meioourne ag- nostics would be prepared to tolerate what the. Rotary . Club lecturer de scribed as "astrological charlatans,',' whose "influence on the credulous,',' he complained, "were causing scien tists and. educationists much concern." He 'did not mention the concern 'felt by. German police in their efforts to stop the -circulation of the ominous astrological portents' on behalf of an apparently susceptible Fuhrer. As a soldier passing through Melbourne re marked yesterday, "Why blame astro logy ?" With the Nazis it' is a case of "The fault, dear Brutus, is not with our stars; but with ourselves." ... Sons of Vikings Desert ? In bygone, days numbers' of ' Scandi navian and other seamen that deserted from loftily-sparred sailing ships in Australian ports, to become fishermen or riggers and miners ashore proved some, of 'our best pioneers.. With the better conditions in steam ships, - and the tighteningrup of immigration laws, this source, of migration was almost lost' until six months or so ago; Since then,- however, many Norwegian, Danish or Swedish .vessels trading to Australia, have lost .members of their crews. Sydney reported 20 desertions alone during the last fortnight. It- is quite obvious that these; men . prefer to make their home in a land free of mihes and invasions. Some" of the runaways- are working on coastal ships under licence, others await jobs in Australian sailors'- homes. Meanwhile their ' ships sail to the - Baltic short- handed. Hearing of Traffic Charges There, is a possibility, of some con troversy on the question of whether the hearing of . serious traffic cases should be confined to police magis- ates, as raised by the Chief Justice of West Australia, when he directed on' an appeal recently that honorary justices should record a conviction - in a drunken-driver ' case which they dis missed. Victorian police officials agree with the suggestion implicit in the Chief Justice's order, as they feel that tfle legal , knowledge' of a police magis trate Is -necessary for adjudication in some > serious, traffic cases involving technical evidence relating to the sobriety or otherwise oi the Derson ac cused.' Under the Victorian statute, a motorist, against whom a conviction is made, has the right of appeal to the Court; of' General Sessions on a aues- tion of fact or to- the Supreme Court on a point of law/while police, if they consider a decision was wrong in law. may. appeal to the Supreme Court for the case! to be reviewed. I Lessons of Safety Lane Melbourne motorists have often been criticised for failure to give correct hand signals when about to slow down, stop or turn. That there has been little improvement in this direction -is borne out in the final report of the National Safety Council dealing with the results of the recently conducted Safety Lane tests. The report stated that only 76 per cent, of drivers who passed through the lane gave their harid signals clearly and correctly. Non-observance of this vital rule of the road was disturbing to those in terested in road safety, the secretary of the council (Mr. R. S. Forbes) stated, and added that failure to give proper signals had often been, the cause of serious accidents. Only 3,5 per cent, of the cars submitted for testing were in. a dangerous condition in regard to steering, but many needed minor adjustments. 