Weekly News Summary RUSSO-FINNISH WAR. Lake Ladoga Aftermath. LONDON, Jan. 31,-The battle still flickers on the north-east of Lake Ladoga, where the Finns, after more than a week of heavy fighting, have foiled the Rus- sian attempt to outflank the Manner helm Line (across the Karelian Isthmus). The two sides are attacking alternately, leaving the advantage still with the Finns. A special correspondent of "The Times" in a dispatch from Rovaniemi (in northern Finland) says that a new Finnish offensive launched northward from Kuhmo (in the south-eastern sec- tor of the "waistline front") against the Russian 54th Division hat already been markedly successful. Many tanks have been destroyed and several hundred Rus- sians killed. In the far north the Rus . stans hold much less territory than last month. Observers express the opinion that the Red army will not make any new attacks before the spring. ^Two hundred unassembled American planes have reached Bergen (Norway). Fighting on Three Fronts. LONDON, Feb. 1.-The latest dis- patches from Finland reports further fighting on the southern, eastern and far northern fronts. On the Karelian Isthmus (in the south) the Russian invaders have renewed their pounding of Taifall, where the left wing of the fortified zone known as the Mannerheim Line abuts on Láke Ladoga. North-east of the lake, where the Russians have unavailingly launched attack after attack with the object of outflanking the Mannerheim Line, the fighting .still continues. As the war entered its third month an official statement issued in Helsinki last night estimated the Russian losses since the outbreak of the conflict on November 30 at 250,000 dead, wounded or taken prisoner. Northern Anxiety. LONDON, Jan. 31.-Hie Swedish Gov- ernment hr: announced, a Stockholm message states, that it is increasing its fortifications on the Finnish frontier, also coastal batteries and aerodromes on the west coast. The Stockholm "Afton bladet" says:-"It is a fact that Ger- many is strengthening her position in the north and the Baltic Sea by all pos- sible means. The danger from German concentrations in the Baltic area have possibly been exaggerated, but it is un- deniable that measures have been taken in accordance with a plan details of which are known. Sweden is closely fol- lowing the situation. The Russo-Fin nish war has converted this area into a zone of grave danger." The Copenhagen correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" states that the Dan- ish Government is undertaking an un- precedented defence programme. A sup- plementary defence vote of £3,250,000 sterling, which is without precedent, will shortly be submitted to Parliament. This brings the year's defence estimates to £10.000,000 sterling. Russian Attack. LONDON, Feb. 2.-The Russian forces on the Karelian Isthmus (in Southern Finland) have made another onslaught against the Finnish fortified zone known as the Mannerheim Line, but the latest dispatches state that despite the use of new tank strategy and heavy artillery and aerial support, the Russians have gained no ground. The fresh attacks were launched by the invaders after a six-hour artillery bombardment, and they were accom- panied by '30 planes. Tanks were sent ahead pushing armoured sledges carrying machine-gunners and riflemen who at- tempted to pick off the Finnish soldiers using hand grenades and to remove other obstacles to the advance. The plan failed. The Finnish artillery, moreover, scoied direct hits on a number of Russian col- umns concentrating at various points. President Kail io's Offer. HELSINKI, Feb. 1-The President of Finland (M. Kallio), speaking in Parlia- ment today, said: "The Soviet is forcing us to fight men Who have no responsibility for the war and whom we have no reason to hate. For this reason we consider this barbarous aggression senseless and are ready to negotiate an honourable peace, but the Soviet rulers do not know the Finnish people if they think we will sub- mit to their decrees and doctrine." Soviet Rejection Indicated. MOSCOW. Feb. 3.-The chief Com- munist organ, "Pravda," in a leading ar- ticle today, citing Stalin as the "eagle of the mountains" and "hero of all time," declares that he will destroy the enemies of the Finnish workers. This is interpreted by Finland as indi- cating the rejection of the offer to nego- tiate an honourable peace made by the Finnish President (M. Kallio) in Parlia- ment on Thursday. Heaviest Bombing Yet. LONDON. Feb. 4.-Russian planes rained thousands of bombs on southern t>nd central Finland yesterday: Four hun- dred planes participated in the raids, which constituted the heaviest air offens- ive since the outbreak of the war. One hundred persons were killed and more than 100 injured. Three hospitals and seven air raid shelters were hit. Sixteen planes opened fire on a chapel at Sinae joki, in the Wasa district, killing ten per- sons. A Russian communique last night an nounced the "successful bombing of mili- tary objectives." On the far northern front yesterday the Finns sent up their biggest fleet of planes since the outbreak, driving back Russian bombers that were reconnoitring near Petsamo. A Finnish communique issued last night claimed that the latest Russian attack on the Mannerheim Line (running across the Karelian Isthmus), which was launched towards the end of last week, had been repulsed and that the enemy had suffered heavy losses. Heavy Shelling of the Finnish defences, how- ever,- continues, the Russians apparently preparing for further frontal assaults. Finnish reports of Friday's fighting on the isthmus and eastern fronts reveal that the Russians lost over 1,000 killed. ?0 tanks destroyed or captured and 25 armoured- cars. Russian attacks north- east of Lake Ladoga, and near Salla and Kuhmo (in the northern and southern sectors, respectively, of the "waistline" front) were repulsed. From Kuhmo Finnish patrols have penetrated far into Russia. Finns on the isthmus front sur- mise that German officers have joined the staff of the Russian Seventh Army Corps, since attacks now show a co- ordination hitherto lacking. Russian Reverse. LONDON, Feb. 6.-The Russians are reported" to have suffered another severe reverse in Southern Finland with the rout of their 18th Division near Kitela, on the north shore of Lake Ladoga. This division, which was stated to be virtually cut off by the Finns and in difficulties more than a fortnight ago, and since com- pletely encircled, was part of the Rus- sian 13th Army, comprising five divisions, The defeat of the Russian 18th Division is attributed to the Finnish patrols which worked* around it and then closed in through the snow-clad forests in the region of Pitkaranta (east of Kitela). The Russians attempted to retreat eastward along the lake-side road but the Finnish batteries on the island of Mantsinaari (which have defied all attempts at cap- ture) plastered the road with shells' while larjer bodies of Finns, armed* with machine-guns, aided not only in the dis- integration of the fugitives but in the defeat of other units advancing to the rescue in response to wireless appeals from the 18th Division. According to the latest reports, which nave not yet been officially confirmed tn Helsinki, the Russian 18th Division has ceased to exist as a unit. It is stated that between ..15,000 and 20.00C of the Russian troops comprising the division have been killed, died of cold or hunger, jr been taken prisoner. Yesterday's Finnish communique claimed the capture of a Russian strong- hold north-east of Lake Ladoga, the slaughter of SOO of its defenders and the acquisition of seven tanks, four field guns and much other war material. As a result of their continuous on- slaughts on the Mannerheim defence zone on the Karelian Isthmus, the Rus- sians are now reported to be 28 miles from Viipuri. This represents a slight success due to the repeated attacks pre- venting the Finns, as customary, from laying down land mines between as- saults. The total Russian losses during the last four days of the Karelian Isthmus fighting are estimated at 7,000 killed and many wounded. The Finnish losses have also been heavy. The Finns have cap- tured several IS-centimetre field guns and 15-centimetre howitzers which they are using effectively in the Lake Muolaa sec- tor in the middle of the Mannerheim Line. The Russian 13th Army north of Lake Ladoga in reported to have had 285 tanks, the majority of which have_ been destroyed. Northward of the 13th Army is General Dukhonin's 21st Army, com- prising six divisions with 140 tanks. Southward of the 13th Army is the Rus- sian 7th Army with 980 tanks. This army has been augmented to 12 divisions in order to support the assault on the Mannerheim Une. The Russian 14th Army, with 140 tanks, is engaged on the Petsamo front in the far north, but it is now reported to consist of only three divisions, the remainder having reinforced the 7th Army. From the north-central zone it is re- ported that Finnish ski patrols surprised the Russian staff retreating towards the Ounas River down a snow track in the pine forests (presumably east of Rova niemi). Finnish marksmen picked their targets and the cars smashed into trees as the drivers slumped over the steering wheels. Machine-guns killed those try- ing to escape from the wreckage. The patrols secured vital papers. The date of this encounter has not been reported. The Finns claim to have shot down nine enemy planes and possibly destroyed four more during yesterday's widespread Russian air raids. The Cathedral at Viipuri is in ruins as a result of yes- terday's attacks, during which 70 civi- lians are now reported to have been killed. Of these 20 lost their lives when bombs struck a hospital and ambulance train. J A church at Ivalo (in the north) was also destroyed. Another raid scattered j a Swedish ambulance and killed a num- ber of civilians, including three women and the secretary tq the Bishop of Sor tavala. Russian planes are also reported from Helsinki to have bombed, a hospital ship at an unnamed port. Between January 28 and February 3 it is "computed that Russian planes drop- ped nearly 7,000 bombs in 141 localities. The civilian casualties were 145 killed and 179 wounded. More RuMÏftn» Called U^. f MOSCOW, Peb. e.-Russia has caliea tip the 1920 and 1921 classes for military training. Russian Air Force.' LONDON, Feb. 6.-Weaknesses in the Russian air arm, which have become in-, creasingly notorious among air experts as the Russo-Finnish war progresses, are partially admitted by the Red Army newspaper "Krusny Izvestia." which states that Russia is facing a most highly skilled enemy and declares that compli- cated methods of warfare have proved -that every 'soldier must be trained as a skilled technician in the arts of war. A number of reasons have been put forward for Russia's air force weaknesses. Firstly, there is the purge of 1937, in which many of her small band of skilled technicians were executed. Secondly, Russia has always relied for her main force on foreign aeroplane designs, prin- cipally American, although for some months she has not been able to secure any new designs. Thirdly, ho modern types are under construction. Fourthly, the larger part of the russian air force is comparatively obsolete. Fifthly, Rus- sia's reserves of planes number approxi- mately only 30 per cent of the f ront line strength. Lastly, while Russia's .output is said to be potentially the world's larg est, it la. thought tljat lt St i 5t yielding i more than 8,000 aeroplane frames ano 15,000 engines annually, Britain, in accordance with the obli- gations assumed by the League State» at Genera, has supplied the Finns with Bristol Bulldog fighters and Blenheim bombing machines, which have already been successful in actions against the Russians. Further help from other nations is on the way to Finland. , The Finns have generally shown more intelligence than the Russians, employ- ing then* machines to greater advantage. They are also better marksmen. Since the outbreak of the war the Finns are reported to have brought down 240 Rus- sian planes, while losing only 15 them- selves. What Is regarded In London as one of the more spectacular revelations concern- ing Russian air tactics is that all Rus- sia's time and money spent on practising and equipping small self-contained bodies of troops to be dropped behind ; enemy lines by parachute have been vir- j tually wasted. The thought of troops: being parachuted behind the lines holds1 no terrors for the future because of the ease, proved by the * Finns, with which marksmen can pick off the invading troops as they dangle helplessly from then- parachutes. It is believed that the Russians have already abandoned this form of attack. IN THE BALKANS Balkan Outlook. LONDON, Jan. 31.-Broadcasting by mistake last night a statement by the Yugoslav Foreign Minister (M. Cincar Markovitchf which was intended as a confidential guide for newspaper editors, the Belgrade wireless revealed that Yugo- slavia is convinced that the Balkans are in no way threatened and-that there is no need for special anxiety about the future. The, Belgrade correspondent of "The Times" states:-"It is a significant declaration of foreign policy with em- phasis on the peaceful intentions of the Balkans regarding the'Balkan Entente conference opening on Friday at Bel- grade." M. Cincar-Markovltch's statement was as follows:-"Yugoslavia, being highly conscious of the delicacy of certairrques tions and the extreme complexity of the situation in which she finds herself, does not wish to change the character of her friendly relations with foreign Powers. The conference is not meeting because of any immediate foreign danger, so it will not '¿clare any form of defensive atti- tude. The meeting will investigate the general situation, clear up questions re- lating to south-eastern Europe and con- firm the possibility of stabilisation in this' area.. , It will deal especially with eco- nomic problems which have arisen as a result of the war. Sensations are not expected. The Balkan Entente does not wish tlie position of any member to be prejudiced by the creation of any bloc which might te interpreted as directed against any thud party." The Budapest correspondent of "The Times" states:-"It is believed that -the officially-controlled newspapers' campaign warning the Balkan Entente that Hun- gary does not intend to forfeit her claims against Rumania is ¿Iso intended for Ger- man attention. It is feared that Ger- many might have offe¿fed Rumania a secret territorial guarantee in exchange for large increases tai oü shipments. Hungarians are convinced that Germany wants peace in south-eastern Europe, thereby ensuring that her sources of sap ply are undisturbed. The British United Press Bukarest cor- respondent says that nearly 2,000,000 Ru- manians will have undergone military training before April. At present 1,500,000 are under arms. The latest conscripts in- clude veterans of the 1913 Balkan War. The majority of the army is engaged in building; a chain of fortifications around Rumania. Germany is reliably reported to have dispatched 120 locomotives and 2,000 rail- way waggons to Rumania to facilitate oil transport to Germany. The Belgrade correspondent of the "New York Times" says: "It is reliably stated that the German oil shortage has caused the compulsory transfer to the Reich of 3,000 tons of lubricating oil from Prague railway stations, resulting in a scarcity of oil throughout the Pro- tectorate, which has already reduced the passenger service b^y half, keeping repair shops busy and loee motives strained from overloading." . Conference Results. LONDON, Feb. 5.-The conference in Belgrade between Yugoslavia, Rumania» Greece and Turkey-the members of the Balkan Entente-which began on Friday, ended yesterday afternoon, when an offi- cial communique was issued announcing the results. The official communique was as fol- lows:-"The four members of the En- tente agreed: (1) To preserve peace in the*common interests of member-States. (2) To continue the policy of exclud- ing war from their part of Europe. (3) To maintain the closest co-opera- tion between members within the framework of the Entente, while safe-guarding the right of each to its independence and national terri- tory. (4) On the establishment of friendly relations with the Entente's neigh boors. (5) To intensify collaboration in com- merce and transport between mem- bers. (6) To extend" the Balkan Pact for seven years. (7) That the members' Foreign Minis- ters shall maintain the closest con- tact until the next conference, at Athens in February, 1941." In a statement last night, after the con- clusion of the conference, M. Sarajoglu said:-"The meeting -has written a new page in the history of the Entente and the members are justly proud of the re- sults Obtained. The Balkans formerly re- garded contemptuously as a hotbed of trouble, today have exhibited wisdom, prudence and solidarity." The Initiation of a programme of eco- nomic collaboration (a joint Balkan mar- keting board is projected) and the direct invitations to Bulgaria and Hungary to co-operate with the Entente are regarded as the main concrete results of the con- ference. The delegates advanced con- ceptions of "regional patriotism" and "regional neutrality" as the objects of the Entente's policy. Weighing the Result. Political circles in Berlin are stated to be highly satisfied at the outcome of the Entente conference. They de- scribe it as a blow to the Allies' desire to tighten the blockade of-Germany by extending the war to south-eastern Eu- rope and cutting off Germany's sources of supplies. In Rome, political circles praise the conference's endorsement of Italy's paci- fic, disinterested counsels and say that it nullifies the alleged British plan to create a defensive military bloc which might become engaged in war with Ger- many Or Russia, enabling intervention by General Weygand's forces from Syria. Official circles in Paris are satisfied, they declare. They believe that the mem- bers of the Entente privately took steps to ensure the strictest collaboration if a more difficult situation- should arise. In Bukarest the communique is regarded as more harmonious than was expected. The reference to improvement in rela- tions with the Entente's neighbours has raised a suggestion that a Black Sea pact be again mooted from which Russia would be excluded. Hungary welcomes the Entente's will- ingness to increase trade collaboration as a reinforcement of her economic inde- pendence, but the communique's refer- ence to "territorial integrity" has been coldly received. Informed persons assert that Hungary is waiting to see whether Rumania will improve conditions for the Hungarian minority in Transylvania. The Moscow radio declared today that the conference was a severe "diplomatic defeat for the Allies, who at first vainly attempted to draw in the Balkans against Germany and then substituted the Turk- ish plan for a defensive Balkan alliance, which also failed. The conference brought to light unsolvable differences between the member-States. WESTERN FRONT. I Increased Activity. LONDON, Jan. 31.-Last night's French communique said there had been many contacts on the western front between units west of the Saar, and that artillery had been busy for most of the day. This morning's communique said there was nothing \o report. Tne ilrst immediate award in the field to an chicer serving with the B.E.F. has been made to Caotain J. A. MacKenzie, lof the Gloucester Regiment. Captain (MacKenzie has been awarded the Mili ¡tary Cross for conspicuous daring and resource. The first British casualty list to be issued by the War Office states that casu- alties to December 31 totalled 758. The dead comprised 60 officers and 673 of other ranks ("other ranks" including war- rant-officers, non- comissioned officers and men), while 24 other ranks were wounded and one is missing. Raids and Patrols. LONDON, Feb. 1.-Last night's Paris communique stated: "Our patrols pene- trated enemy territory at several points and successfully accomplished their mis- sion." This morning Paris had "nothing to report," but a communique issued early in the afternoon stated: "Two of our patrols penetrated two miles into : German territory west of the Saar. Two others were active in the Vosges region yesterday. A prisoner and valuable in- formation were secured." Yesterday the French High Command announced that two German raids west of the Saar, supported by artillery, had been repulsed. The Germans made determined raids west of the- Saar yesterday, states a dispatch from a special correspondent of the Australian Associated Press with the B.E.F., and they precipitated the first fighting of any importance for some days. The French artillery swept H large area and easily repelled the raiders, but the entire sector was officially described as "in an agitated condition" all day. British Sector Disclosed. LONDON, Feb. 2.-Both the French and German High Command announced this morning that there was "nothing to report" on the western front. With mists and slush slowing up hos- tilities in France, yesterday's western front news came from Cape Town, where Colonel Deneys Heitz, the "Onion Minister for Native Affairs, who was re ©enUy üi France, Addressed Government s'importera -on his »turn; He revealed that the British Expeditionary Force is holding the Belgo-French frontier. The troops,' he said, were as busy as ante, constructing a network of defences in this sector, which was virtually unforti- fied at the outbreak of the war. Barbed- wire entanglements were already 10 miles deep, and great steam shovels were dig- ging tank traps. Colonel ' Keitz expressed the opinion that there would be no fighting in France in this war, because the Allies had com- pletely checkmated the German invasion plans with an intricate mass of barbed . wire, land mines and tank traps between the Maginot and Siegfried Lines. The Germans would probably be unable to break through even if the French did not fire on them. Minor Patrol Activity. , LOÎiDON, Feb. 6.-The French and German commands agree that the west- ern front at present is quiet. French communiques last night and this morn- ing said merely "Nothing to report." -white the German High Command stated this morning that there had been "no special events." A correspondent of the Australian As- sociated Press in a dispatch last night from the British Expeditionary Force headquarters in France stated:-"The Germans are using patrol dogs to locate British outposts. Men of a front-line regiment saw an Alsatian creeping through the barbed wire. They held their fire, but the dog gave the alarm and a fierce machine-gun duel ensued. The Germans retreated, leaving one dead, and bloodstains in the snow indicated that others had been wounded. A 19 year-old British private was seriously wounded." The military correspondent of "Le Temps," discussing the possibility of a major German offensive this month, argues that there are precedents from the last war-the Verdun 1916 offensive being the most illustrative-which demonstrate the fact that army leaders wishing to seize the initiative and anticipate their opponents will not be deterred by the sea- sons. He says that although ground conditions immediately following a thaw are very difficult, country with drainage is not affected seriously by heavy bom- bardments or the heaviest of traffic and recovers rapidly. WAR IN AIR. Gallantry. London, Jan. 30.-Squadron-Leader Doran, leader of the Royal Air Force raid on Kiel last September, for which he was decorated with the Distinguished Flying Cross, is the first officer in the war to win a bar to a decoration. The bar was awarded for clever tactics and gallant leadership displayed by Squadron-Leader Doran against an enemy attack over the North- Sea. New British " Fighter. , LONDON, Feb. 2.-Much is hoped from the new Defiant two-seater fighter planes I which are being supplied to the Royal Air Force. They are powered with a 1,000 horse-power Rolls Royce Merlin engine, but their exact speed' is secret. Not only have the Défiants a longer range than the Spitfires and Hurricanes, thus enabling them to escort bombers on long flights, but they have a battery of movable guns in a power-driven turret. This will enable them to fly alongside an enemy bomber formation and rake the machines with gunfire from nose to tail. The Spitfires and Hurricanes mount fixed machine guns. , ON THE SEA. . Home After Victory. LONDON, Jan. 31.-The cruiser Ajax which took part in the successful action, with the cruisers Achilles and Exeter, which resulted in the scuttling of the German pocket battleship Admiral Graf Spee off Montevideo last month, arrived at Portsmouth today and proceeded up the harbour. The Admiralty sent a telegram to the Ajax, stating: "Their Lordships are glad to welcome ajax home. Congratulations on a safe return after two years' ser- vice abroad, culminating in a memorable action against the enemy. Hope all will soon enjoy well-earned leave.-*-' Two British Ships Sunk. LONDON, Jan. 31.-Three more ves- sels-two British and one Danish-have been lost in the North Sea with heavy loss of life. The British ships are the Giralda (2,178 tons) and the Bancrest (4,450 tons). The Danish victim was the Fredensborg (2.094 tons). First reported * to have been mined off the Scottish coast, it was later stated that she had been torpedoed when going to the rescue of another Danish freighter, the England, which had previously been torpedoed by a U-boat. Danish Sinkings. LONDON, Jan. 30.-The Copenhagen correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" says that a new wave of horror and in , dignation has »wept denmark aft - * re ' mitt oí the torpedoing by U-boats of the Danish steamer« England (2,319 tons) and Fredensborg (2,084 tons). The de* etruction of the latter vessel was reported today. It is reported that the Fredens- borg was torpedoed while she was at- tempting to rescue the crew of the Eng- land. "The Germans are doing their utmost to ensure that no witnesses survive theil brutality," a high Danish official stated The only survivor from the England was the second officer, who was picked up after having drifted for 32 hours on a raft. ^ Sinking of U-Boat LONDON, Feb. 1.-It was officially an- nounced last night that the German submarine the sinking of which on Tues- day the Prime Minister (Mr. Chamber- lain) revealed in the House cf Commons yesterday first sank the British tanker Vaclite (5,027 tons), which was in a convoy. An Italian ship rescued the crew of the Vaclite. (It was not stated whether the Italian ship also was under convoy.) Air Raids on Ships. * LONDON, Feb. 1.-Further details are coming to hand of the German air räids on Monday and Tuesday on shipping off the east coast of Britain. Four members of thé crew of the Brit- ish freighter Royal Crown (4,364 tons) were killed when a German plane bombed and machine-gunned the vessel 20 miles off the east coast on Tuesday. The survivors took to the boats. Fifteen landed from one, but the other is believed to have capsized. Eight bodies were washed ashore. A motorship brought in to Flushing yes- terday the crew of the steamer Highwave -(1,178 tons), which a Nazi bomber sank with a bomb after ruthlessly spraying the decks with machine-gun fire. The Highwave was disabled wifh engine trouble when attacked. The last bomb dropped blew Off the whole of one side of the ship. More Neutrals Sunk. LONDON, Feb. 2.-Four more steamers -three neutral and one British-are re- ported to have been sunk by enemy ac- tion. They are the Danish vessel Vidar (1,353 tons), the Norwegian steamer Fin- gal I (460 tons), the 5,600-ton Greek boat Eleni Stathatos, and the British freighter Oregon (6,000 tons). Accord- ing to a Rotterdam message, a new type of Nazi bomber attacked the British steamer Highwave (1,178 tons) on Wed- nesday. It is believed that it is a four engined military adaptation of a com- mercial aircraft. The plane dropped 20 bombs in groups of five. Some of the explosions lifted a Dutch motorship which witnessed the attack four feet out of the water. Death clenched an icy hand upon 13 members of the crew of the Eleni Sta- thatos who, after four days adrift in the Atlantic, froze to death and.had to be thrown overboard. The remaining 20 of the crew landed on the coast of Eire. Six, including the captain, were taken to hospital. . Keeping the Seas. LONDON, Feb. 2.-Ships of the Royal Navy have been at season an average of 25 days a month since the war began and have steamed up to 8,000 to 10,000 miles. It was pointed out in naval circles today that when the cruiser Achilles joined battle with the German pocket battleship Admiral Graf Spee she had steamed 124,000 miles since her last refit. Raids on Shipping. LONDON, Feb. 4.-The Royal Air Force inflicted swift punishment on Ger- man bombers which attacked shipping off the east and north-east coast of Eng- land yesterday. Two of the raiders were shot down, the starboard engine of a third was put out of action, a fourth was sent scurrying home, and a fifth was so damaged that, as the German High Command admits, it has not been able to reach Germany. Of the two Heinkel bombers brought down, one was shot down off the Tyne and the other crashed on the York- shire moors, a few miles from'the coas- tal town of Whitby, after an encounter with three British fighters. Norwegian Ship's Fate. LONDON, Feb. 4.-The successful in- terceptions of Heinkel bombers by R.A.F. fighters yesterday morning followed sav- age attacks by Nazi planes on shipping off the east coast. Reports have been received of attacks on five British vessels and one Belgian. In addition, there are reports that an unknown Swedish steamer was bombed and machine-gunned in the North Sea yesterday morning, but "no details are available. Among the British ships at- tacked are the Kildale (3,800 tons), the Glasgow collier Yewdale (823 tons), the trawler Rose of England (223 tons) and the Harley (400 tons). The Belgian ship was a small coasting steamer carrying a crew of ten. The only ship known to have been lost is the small Norwegian steamer Tempo (629 tons). Ten sur- vivors have been brought to a British port. The German High t Command claims that in all 14 ships were sunk, i The Berlin High Command, admitting yesterday that three German planes had not returned from raids on Britain, added that German reconnaissance, machines over the North Sea sank a mine-sweeper, four patrol ships and nine merchantmen in a convoy, and seriously damaged many other awned merchantmen. The British Admiralty has not commented on these claims. Four Machines Lost. LONDON, Feb. 4.-Saturday's raids by Heinkel bombers on shipping off the Bri- tish coast cost the Nazis the loss of at least four machines, possibly five. Earlier reports described the shooting down of one Heinkel off the Tyne; another crashed on a Yorkshire moor while fleeing from three R.AF. fighters; a third was last seen in obviously desperate plight, and the Berlin High Command's admission that three German machines failed to return was taken as establishing its fate. In addition to the destruction of these three enemy machines, it is now an- nounced that the Grimsby trawler Har- lech Castle picked up four Germans from a bomber which crashed in the North Sea. ' An inflated German float which has been washed, «p. In the Orkoer« to b¿> liéved to btHong io » Oerman raider, the crew of which have probably trna, drowned. This would make the R.AJP.'fi fifth victim. One neutral ship (the Norwegian steamer Tempo) was sunk, , one British steamer was set on fire, seven out of nine ships attacked escaped with minor dam- age, and a total of ll seamen were killed, four of them being neutrals. The vic- tims of the Nazi air war included tramps, ! trawlers, lightships and Swedish, Nor- wegian and Greek steamers; The majo- rity had members of their crews injured, generally from machine-gun bullets, Sweden's Losses. LONDON, Feb. 4.-Week-end reports add the name of only one shipr-the! Swedish steamer Fram, of 2,491 tons-to the list of vessels sunk by German action, but it was announced in London yester- day that the British freighter Polzella (4,751 tons), with a crew of 36, is over- due and must be presumed to be lost. The sinking of the Fram brings the number of Swedish ships lost since the outbreak of the war to 31, of an aggregate tonnage of about 60,000. Two hundred and five Swedish seamen have been drowned or killed. The Convoy System. LONDON, Feb. 5.-Each week more and more neutral merchantmen are join- ing British convoys and are coming under the protection of British warships. This development amounts to an unobtrusive unofficial acceptance of the invitation ex- tended in October by the First Lord of t! .e Admiralty (Mr. Winston Churchill) to neutrals to join Allied convoys. Norway, the largest shipowner among the Scandinavian States, so far has lost 40 ships totalling 128,000 tons and 248 sailors. Norway lost only 60,000 tons and 40 sailors in 1914-15. Since December 3 Sweden has lost 30 ships and 200 seamen.1 LONDON, Feb, .g,-^TtíéCtonádlan Paci- fic Ballway, Oo.'s: passenger cargo liner Beaverburn, of 8,874 tons, the British freighter Portelet (1,064 tons) and the Swedish steamer Andalusia (1,357 tons) have been destroyed at sea by German action. It was - also announced yester- day by tile Admiralty that the mine- sweeper Sphinx, a vessej of 875 tons with a normal complement of 80, had foundered in heavy weather while being* towed into port with her engines disabled.* It is believed that, with the exception of the Beaverburn, there was heavy loss of life in all cases. The minesweeper Sphinx was damaged in the German air raids on Saturday. U-Boat Losses. PARIS, Feb. 5.-The Minister of Mar- ine (M. Cempinchi) estimates that the Allies have sunk 40 German submarines j out of the 55 in service at the outbreak of the war. ¿ 1 Asama Maru Case. TOKIO, Feb. 6.-The Foreign Minister (Mr. Arita) told the House of Peers yes-! terday that Britain had agreed to release j nine of the German mailors seized from the Asama Maru on January 21, but Japan had rejected this offer and was continuing to negotiate for the release of all the 21..men. It will be recalled that a British cruiser removed 21 Germans of military age from the Asama Maru after firing a áhot across her bows. Japan made' a strong protest to Britain. Mr. Arita announced today that Japan- ese shipping companies had been in- structed to refuse passages to citizens of belligerent countries capable of war ser- vice, thus confirming and extending the unofficial ban imposed on January 22. The announcement is regarded as a com- promise gesture. THE BRITISH EMPIRE. Air Scheme. NEW. YORK, Jan. 31.-The Canadian Government has opened headquarters at a local hotel to enlist experienced Ameri- can flyers to act as instructors in an effort to hasten the Empire air scheme. It is understood that an initial group of 35 instructors is sought. They will be well paid and given free transportation to the various air schools. The:- will probably start work in three weeks. It is said here that unmarried flyers with service in the last war are preferred. NEW YORK, Feb. 3.-A group oí 35 American flyers has been - selected by the Canadian Government as instruc- tors under the Empire air scheme. Those whose work will be concerned with pri- mary training machines will receive 300 dollars (£75 sterling) monthly, and those concerned with multi-engined bombers, 500 dollars (£125 sterling). Australian Enrolments. SYDNEY» Feb. 6.-Although the drive for recruits for the Empire air scheme has not begun and the necessary organi- sation is not ready, 60,000 applications for enrolment have been received at Royal Australian Air Force depots in State capi- tals. GREAT BRITAIN Shipbuilding. LONDON, Jan. 31.-The Prime Minis- ter (Mr. Chamberlain) announced in the House of Commons this afternoon that the Admiralty was assuming responsibil- ity for merchant shipbuilding and repairs from tomorrow, as in the last war. Sir James Lithgow (the shipbuilder) would be controller and Sir Amos Ayre (chair- man of the Shipbuilding Conference) director. Preparation for a mighty expansion in British shipbuilding is indicated by the Government's decision, which is a direct outcome of a Government investigation that led to the conclusion that it was necessary for various reasons to bring about big and rapid expansion in ship- building for the merchant navy. One of the chief factors influencing this move was the very heavy expenditure being in- curred in chartering neutral ships under war conditions. British War Outlay. LONDON, Feb. 3.-Sir George Schuster, M.P. (who, is a director of the West- minster Bank and many companies and has held numerous important financial and économie posts), visualised in a speech today a war outlay of at least £3,000,000,000 a year, of which taxes would yield £1,200,000,000 in a complete year, plus the excess profits tax. Germans Denounced. LONDON. Feb. 3.-"We are fighting not only for our ideals or ideas, but for our lives," declared Mr. Oliver Stanley in his first public speech since his appoint- ment as Secretary for War, which was delivered in the City Hall, Newcastle-on Tyne, today. "People called the peace of 'Versailles a hard peace, but would a vic- torious Germany give a defeated Britain a Treaty of Versailles? Shorn of our Em- pire, fleet and trade, we should be a small, overcrowded island, our recovery impos- sible and our survival in doubt. But it is not -only our physical and material j security which Germany under Hitler j threatened to destroy. Our virtues are his vices, our vices his most prized vir- tues. What we call progress he calls de- cadence. His ideas challenge ours. One or the other must prevail. The world cannot survive half slave, half free. We are determined that it shall be free. War is not like a football match. You cannot break off at half-time-you must carry j on either to victory or defeat." It was often said and had been reiterated by General Hertzog in a recent speech, Mr. Stanley continued, that all trouble came from the Versailles Treaty. While not denying its imperfections and mistakes, on the whole the treaty was in- spired by a single idea-to release people of other nationalities from German rule, allowing them to make their own coun- tries and live their own lives. "When in the past few months we have seen what ; German rule means, can anybody say we were wrong and the idea was ignoble?" Mr. Stanley said. "According to General Hertzog, all Hitler has done in past years is to put right grievances, although in doing so he may . have been a little incon- siderate, hasty and brusque, but always with good intentions. How true it is that distance lends enchantment to the view! Let us observe not people 2,000 miles away, but people a little nearer the BC ene." Mr. Stanley then asked whether Czechs, Poles and Austrians, with overrun coun- tries, shot students, silent workers, and life without laughter or liberty, were likely to think Hitler's intentions good or his actions only a little inconsiderate. And did small neutral countries, fearing an attack at any moment, feel the same I confidences in the Nazi leader as that ex- pressed by General Hertzog. Against i that philosophy of brute force the Allies I were fighting, not only for lives but for ' a lasting peace. "For ourselves we want j nothing of Germany or Germans," he i said. "We do not desire their destruc- tion, we do not grudge their prosperity, : we do not want to make of them the helots that they have made of millions, or to make their land the desert that they have made of a quarter of Europe. We want them to be peaceful, happy members of a peaceful happy Europe. But ¡never again, under this or any leader, under this or any regime, must they ¡ have the power to inflict ur#m the world the misery and suffering which twice in our life they have done." Train Engulfed. I LONDON, Feb. 5.-Several landfalls, six of which were serious, occurred dur- ing the week-end. One of the worst in- volved a fall of thousands of tons of earth which engulfed a train near Wat- ford. The coaches were telescoped and a woman returning, from a wedding party was killed and several were injured. Soldiers and sailors on leave worked for hours helping to drag away the wreckage and release the trapped passengers. Five landslides have been reported over southern railways in 24 hours. There are threats of further falls in various parts 'of the country. SOUTH AFRICA. Use of Pigeons. CAPE TOWN, Jan. 31.-The authori- ties are investigating a suggestion that Nazi agents are using racing pigeons to carry information from the country. It has been suggested that a spy ring is established in Portuguese East Africa. OTHER COUNTRIES AMERICA. Navy. ' NEW YORK, Feb. 1.-The United Mine-workers' Convention at Columbus (Ohio) today empowered the executive board to formulate a policy for the Presi- dential election campaign late this year. Speeches by delegates, however, almost constituted a mandate for the Govern- ment to support Mr. Franklin D. Roose- velt if he.stands for' a third term as President. This was despite the recent statement by Mr. John L. Lewis, leadet of the Committee for Industrial Organi- sation (of which the mine-workers' union is an influential member) that il Mr Roosevelt stood for a third term hf would be ignominiously defeated. At Miami today the executive council of the American Federation of Laboui urged the Roosevelt Administration tc give business a "breathing spell," thu! restoring confidence and remedying un- employment, which it described as "stu the nation's most acute problem." Startling Suggestions. NEW YORK, Feb. 1.-The possibilitj of the Balkans and Italy becoming in- volved in the war is being widely dis- cussed as a result of the publication o¡ reports by the Carnegie Endowment foi International Peace to the effect thai there are 500,000 British and Frencl troops in the Near East and that Itab and the Allies have bartered machine; for raw materials valued at 250,000,001 dollars (approximately £62,500,000 ster Ung). These reports are taken as supportini unofficial reports that Britain an< France plan to attack Germany from th south-east in the springtime, concur rent with a Turkish attack through Ar menia against southern Russia, th ÁiiuWjnovlDgl^ ¿be, wiest end of the Black Sea through Bul- garia into' Rumania, cutting German ac- cess to the lower Danube wheat and oil, while the Turks attack Baku ton the Caspian Slea), the armies meeting and cutting off Odessa and the Ukraine. In weighing the -value of these reports, it must be considered whether the threat of an Allied campaign will not serve the purpose by counterbalancing the Balkans' fear of a Russo-German invasion. The Carnegie Endowment reports add that Italian neutrality has been compulsory, because Italy lacked arms. This has now been remedied, but Italy would have been unable to resist, last September, a French' attack on her Alpine frontier and in Africa. New Pursuit Plane. NEW YORK. Feb. 3.-It is stated au- thoritatively that the French Air Mis- sion here is negotiating for the purchase of as many Aira Cobras-America's fast- est pursuit plane-as can be bought. The New York "Herald-Tribune" thinks that the War Department will permit their export, as it has planes giving an even better performance up its sleeve. [A recent message from Washington stated that the new Aira Cobra has a speed of 40\J miles an hour and the arma- ment consists of a cannon firing llb. shells, and four machine guns. The ma-1 chine is powered by a 1.0Q0 horse- power -j motor mounted behind the cockpit driv- ¡ lng the propeller through a shaft under the pilot's seat. It is claimed that by mounting the engine in the rear and thus shifting the centre of gravity greater manoeuvrability is given the aircraft.] Planes for Allies. WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.-Over 1,100 aeroplanes have been delivered by the United States to Britain and France. The recent delivery rate exceeds 100 a month. GERMANY Peace Plan Proposal. LONDON, Feb. 6.-The Oslo, news- paper "Tidens Tegn" states today that a neutral State is submitting a peace plan on behalf of Hitler to the coming meet- ing at the Hague of the Council of the League of Nations' Central Committee on Economic and Social Problems. The paper adds that Field Marshal Goering drafted the plan in January. It is said to provide for a plebiscite for in- ternational control for Austria and a commission of British, French and Ger- man representatives to decide the future of the Polish. Czech, and Slovak States. To Increase Population. LONDON, Jan. 31.-A report from Ber- lin states that the "Schwarze Corps" (the organ of the Black Guards), fur- thering the campaign to increase popu- lation, reminds wives of the possibility of artificial insemination when- the hus band is sterile. The paper suggests that the substitute should be preferably a rela- tive of the husband, and lt recommends the establishment of "sterility consulta- tion hours" at existing marriage advice centres. Oppression in Poland. LONDON, Feb. 2.-German propaganda is trying hard to counteract the' terrible impression produced throughout the world by news that is leaking out from Poland about the fury of German cruelty there. "The Times" and the "Daily Telegraph" and all responsible sections of the British Press feature the actual facts of the Nazi atrocities, contrasting them with the ex- cuses of the German Minister of Propa- ganda (Dr. Goebbels). The Vatican reports on atrocities in Poland have profoundly affected the pub- lic and the Press alike. "The Times" comments: "in a desperate search for arguments to justify this barbarism. Dr. Goebbels has adopted the simplest method -that of inventing incidents which never occurred," The reports show that the victims of Nazi ruthlesness included many women. Houses were looted after the arrests of the occupants, who were herded into prisons, where many died and others were shot. Those murdered number 15,000. The prison camps lack sanitation, beds, and food supplies. The inmates number 3,000 at Gdynia, 5,000 at Torun, and 3,000 at Poznan. Many of those arrested were robbed and abandoned in the open coun- try. Children have been separated from their parents, and husband from their wives, while children between the ages of 13 and 15 years have been executed. At Bromberg, the common people, in- stead of being sent into camps, are herded into trains and sent to Germany where they are forced to work. This involves nearly 1,000,000 people. The Germans have expelled all of the 130,000 inhabi- tants of Gdynia, whose houses Baltic Germans occupy, leavhig those who have been expelled to die of hunger and ex- posure in Central Poland. Every house in Poland has been looted. Danish Paper's Disclosures. LONDON, Feb. 4.-A corresponden! writing in the Copenhagen newspapei "Politiken" describes how German sol- diers returning to their homeland from Poland confessed to relief they felt aftei leaving the horrors they had witnessed and shared. FRANCE. Supreme War Council. PARIS, Feb. 5-lt was officially an- nounced tonight that the fifth meeting of the Supreme War Council assembled this morning and again this afternoon. Those who attended for France we« the Prime Minister (M. Daladier), th« Minister of Marine (M. Campinchl), and Air (M. La Chambre), the Foreign Under Secretary (M. Champetier de Ribes), tht Chief of the General Staff and Chief ol the Allied Land Forces (General Game lin), the Chief of the Naval Sta« (Vice Admiral Darían), the Chief of the Ali Staff (General Vuillemin) and the Chiel Military Officer* of the Ministry of Wai (General Decamp). Britain was repre< sented by the Prime Minister (Mr Chamberlain), the Foreign Secretary (Viscount Halifax), the First Lord of tin Admiralty (Mr. Winston Churchill), thi Secretary of War (Mr. Oliver Stanley) the Secretary of Air (Sir Kingsley Wood) the Ambassador in Paris (Sir Ronalt Campbell),.,the Foreign Uader-Secrefary (Sir Alexander Cadogan), the First Sea I*ord (Admiral Sir Dudley Pound) the Chief of the Imperial General staff (General Sir Edmund Ironside), the Deputy Secretary of the War Cabinet (Military) (Major-General Ismay) and Ah* Marshal Pierse (a member of the Air Council). "The Supreme War Council examined - every aspect of the various factors in the present situation as it affects the general conduct of the war in the spirit of close co-operation which inspires the actions of the two Governments," the official announcement- states, "with the* object of achieving still greater efficacy in Franco-British collaboration. The Council gave special attention to ques- tions of supply and reached complete agreement on all points." RUSSIA. Relations with Japan. LONDON, Jan. 30.-Significance is at- tached to a renewal of anti-Japanese at-> tacks in the Soviet Press, which appar- ently reverses the policy of reticence ob- served for months past in compliance with Russia's desire to better Soviet Japanese political relations. Guns from Germany. LONDON, Feb. 4.-Discussing in a dispatch tonight German-Russian co- operation, the Stockholm correspondent of the "Daily Telegragh" states:-"Two German vessels from a Baltic port, laden with artillery and small arms for the Russians on the Petsamo front (in the far north of Finland) and those based on Murmansk (the near-by Russian arctic port), shipped Norwegian pilots to- day in territorial waters south of Oslo. They can traverse Scandinavian waters for almost the entire way to their des- tination. JAPAN. F.oreign Policy. TOKIO, Jan. 31.-Speaking in the Diet . today, the Foreign Minister (Mr. Arita) disclaimed reports that Japan intended to eliminate the legitimate rights and in- terests of the United States and other third Powers in China, but reiterated that the military operations must inevitably affect the trade and economic activities of third Powers. Relations .between Italy, Germany and Japan, he said, had been increasingly cordial since the conclusion of the anti Comintern agreement. Japan's anti Comintern policy was unaltered, but Russo-Japa. ese relations were better. The European war would bring drastic changes, probably tremendously affecting the China affair and Far Eastern sta- bilisation. The failure to maintain peace in Europe was largely due to some na- tions' insistence in trying to maintain an irrational and unjust status quo rela- tive to race, "religion, territory, resources, trade and immigration by exclusionist policies and the abuse of superior posi- tions. A real peace based on justice would not be expected until these causes were eliminated. SWEDEN Big American Deal. NEW YORK, Feb. 2.-The Washington correspondent of the "New Y irk Times" states that despite the rush orders placed by the American army and naval authorities and by European belligerents the way has been cleared for neutral Sweden to purchase 150 Vultee attack planes quickly. The deal is worth 8,000,000 dollars (about £2,000,000 ster- ling at the existing exchange rate). It is understood that the formal contract has not yet been signed but that the pur- chase negotiations have been completed. ITALY. Germany "Double-Crossed." ROME, Feb. 4.-Marshal Balbo's news- paper, "Corriere Padano." says:-"Russia has double-crossed Germany. Stalin's action in the Balkans and invasion of Finland went far beyond any previous accord with Hitler. Russian help for Ger- many is liuly a mockery-no help wjth foodstuffs, oil, iron or any vital pro- ducts." THE WAR IN CHINA. Invaders' Aims. LONDON, Feb. 3.-There was uproar in the Japanese Diet yesterday, a message from Tokio reports, when Mr. Takao Saito, leader of the powerful Minseito Party, caustically attacked the Govern- ment, demanding a statement on its war aims. Members cried "No" when Mr. Saito said: "Peace can only be» offered when the country keeps the army in the background." This statement is seen as a suggestion that the army should with- draw from China before negotiating peace. Japanese Again Bomb Railway. LONDON, Feb. 4.-A Shanghai mes- sage states that according to dispatches from Kunming (in China's south-western province of Yunnan) 27 Japanese bomb- ers participated in a further raid on the Hanoi-Kunming railway on Saturday and stopped communication on additional sections of the line. The bombs were chiefly dropped in the Kaiyuan yards, a hundred miles from the border oí French Indo-China. "A Military Necessity." TOKIO, Feb. 5.-Tile Foreign Office spokesman said today that the Japanese bombing of the railway between Hanoi (in French Indo-China) and Kunming (in China's south-western province of Yunnan)-which is owned by France was a military necessity. If non-com- batants were wounded, he said, it was quite unfortunate. PARIS, Feb. 5.-The Government has vigorously protested to Japan against the bombing from the air of the French owned Yunnan railway. Public feeling in France has been exacerbated by Míe state- ment by a Tokio spokesman 'That mo- mentary military requirement ' deride such bombardments. 