EUROPE AND THE BALKANS k> Axis Influence in Rumania RUSSIA WATCHFUL LONDON, October 1. I A contributor to "The Times,'' who,! after five years in France resided in1 Brussels during August and early Sep tember, declares that moBt of the thousands of uniformed Germen men and women dominating the iife of Brus sels are tired and war weary. 'This statement is not based on wishfutf thinking,"' he writes. "One sea rely heard tfmong the German occu piers any high-flown phrases about vic tory, greatness, or invincibility. On the contrary they show surprising non ccnfidence in the - German propaganda. "I heard a German officer say it would be impossible for the Germans to invade and defeat England. He added: 'Our people don't know the Eng lish, but Fve spent many years in their pountry.' "German soldiers frequently express Hetefitation of this war and want to (return home. "One at first wonders whether this |s not an astute new form of propa ganda but is soon convinced. The soldiers are seriously demoralised and |3o not want to fight. They are easily Induced, to profess no great sympathy for the Nazi Government and obviously ftaye no firm faith in ultimate victory, jfhey criticise the occupation of Den nark and Norway and also wonder .what they are doing in Belgium, which .Will never be German anyway. "Although the Germans in Brussels tire sick of the war and most of them are not really Nazis it is too much to conclude that weariness, disgust, and general disapproval of the war is suf ficient to provoke open revolt. They are gripped by terror and never find the strength or will power themselves to oppose their Nazi leaders. FRANCE PERSECUTES JEWS, LONDON, October 1. The Vichy correspondent of the Brit ish United Press states: "The council of Ministers has completed a draft of n Jewish statute, which is the first racial legislation in French history. It creates different categories of Jews according to their birth. French-born Jews who served with the armed forces ate most favoured and are receiving the. same treatment,as other French men. Newly-arrived Jewish immi grants are debarred from _ professions and are subject to other disabilities," BALKANS LEAN TO THE AXIS. BUCHAREST, October rpHE appointment of new gauleiters for Transylvania and.Bana,t, also of German mayors and vice-mayors in 12 important--towns, provides the latest evidence of Rumania's Germanisation.' The appointments followed a cordial talk between Herr Schmidt, the minor ity leader, and M. Horiasima, the vice Premier. Italians end German pilots an taking-over the training of the Ru manian air force. Many Italians have arrived. BRITISH-AMERICAN ARRESTS. BUCHAREST, October I. The Rumanian Dictator (General An tonescu) is reported to have reprimand ed the Prefect at Floresti for permit ting legionaries to airest a number of Britons. General Antonescu told the legion aries that they had no executive powers. The United States legation has fetrongly protested against the arrest and maltreatment of American oil offi cials and has demanded full satisfac tion. CONSUL VISITS BRITISHERS. BUCHAREST, October 2 General Antonescu permitted the British consul to visit the arreBted Brit ishers, who include Mrs Tra'cey. The consul said that two of the arrested people had been ill-treated. All were! haggard and depressed, but there was no outward sign of physical harm. He said that civilians had assaulted them, but the police treatment was good. The cases have been submitted to tho Ministry for Justice. BERLIN PROPAGANDA. LONDON, October 2. The Berlin radio states: "The Free Freurh forces cooperating with the Brit ish warships are cruising in the vicinity! of Madagascar, against which they arcj preparing an assault." No confirmation of this has been received in London. [The Governor-General of Madagas car recently clarified his feelings to wards the Petain Government in no un certain manned. In a message to Vichy he stated: "London dares to warn me that our sea communications will be interrupted if Vichy's decisions are ap plied in Madagascar. I have rejected this outrageous declaration with the ut most scorn."] "Admiral Darlan. will go down in his tory as the admiral who surrendered," he said. Admiral Muselier defied anyone to !>rove that Free French naval men were n the pay of a foreign Power. He em phasised that the ships at Dakar were ordered not to fire against the French men. "We preferred to be martyrs, not assassins," he said. "The word of Ad miral Darlan would have resulted in all the French colrnies ranging them' selves beside the Allies. I deplore that Admiral Darlan's navy devoted itself to carry out Hcrr Hitler's orders to fire against their countrymen. It is the most shameful incident in the history of our navy." COMPULSORY LABOUR IN NORWAY OSLO, October 2. It is officially announced that the compulsory labour service will be intro duced in Norway next spring. The decree formally gives Major Quisling's governing council all thg authority previously held by King Haakon and Parliament. LONDON, October 2. A Berlin message says that a Germano-Eussian railway agreement wis signed on September 30. SIGNS OF RUSSIAN UNEASINESS. LONDON, October 2. The Polish Telegraph Agency reports that refugees arriving in Bucharest confirm the nines concentration of Rus sian troops along the Rivers Bug and Fan, which form the frontier between Germany, Russia, and Poland, also that a similar concentration has begun on the frontier of Sub-Garpathian Ruth enia, where strong mechanised forces are camouflaged along the forest. Worochta, the famous Polish Spa in iho Carpathian Mountains, is packed with tanks and motoriBed units, and numerous transports and motorined columns are travelling towards Rowne, in Poland, and are concentrating on the German- KuBsian frontier in that area. Neutrals arriving tn Bucharest from Moscow confirm that propaganda against the German threat is being intensified. Russian deliveries to Ger many have diminished and the trade iriaty ia not being fully carried out Til* general opinion is that a con flict is not imminent, however, and that Germany will do bpr utmost to avoid a rupture ir. German-Soviet relatione, at least until the spring. DANISH PREMIER ON "LIBERTY." COPENHAGEN, October 2. The Premier (M- Stauning), speak ing in Parliament, eaid: "One task overshadows everything-the securing of Denmark's independence and pre serving the people's liberty. Parliament is rallying to this cause and will do the job.'" SPAIN WANTS TO STAY OUT OF WAR. LONDON, Getober 2. The Spanish Foreign Minister and Minister for the Interior (Senor Suner) had a conference in Rome yesterday'witb Mussolini. An Italian spokesman said that, the purpose of the talk was to clarify the position of Spain towards the Axis Powers. There is every indication that Spain is resisting pressure by Germany and Italy to enter the war. Italian officials are trying to mini mise the importance of the Minister's! visit to Rome. NAZIS ^PLUNDER FOOD. , i CANBERRA, October 3. j Proof that the Nazis are deliberately taking food from countries under their domination is given by figures released today by the Commonwealth Statis tician. In an international wheat re view Df Wilson said that the weekly bread ration in Germany had been in creased tficently to 6 lb., though the wheat crop had been poorer than in 1939. Dr Wilson gives the following weekly bread rations permitted by the Nazis in those countries now under their con trol t Netherlands, 4 lb. 7 oz.; unoccu pied France, 4 lb. 6 oz.; Belgium, 3 lb. 6 oz.; Poland, 2J lb. 2 oz.; Czecho slovakia, 2 lb. 12 oz. Dr Wilson reveals that the rationing of bread is now general in European countries, which are unable to produce or import sufficient wheat for their own needs. The reports of the Euro pean wheat harvest for 1940 indicated clearly that there had been a diminu tion of output. The preliminary figures showed that the area &own; to wheat in Australia would be about 12.569.000 acres for the coming season, compared with 13,276,000 last season. MORE KIDNAPPING IN RUMANIA. BUCHAREST, October 3 The British legation announces that a 00-year-old Briton, Mr Percy Clark, president of the engineering firm of Ploesti, has been kidnapped by three men who tricked, him into leaving his hotel .at Athenee Polace in the centre of Bucharest. The legation is now convinced that Mr A. Miller, ot the Austrian-Romano Oil Company, has also been kidnapped. The Rumanian authorities declare that they are unable to act. The Iron Guard denies knowledge of the kidnap ping. The legation's repeated demands for the trial or release of the five Britons arrested a week ago remain un answered. The Berlin radio states: ''The Ru- i manian Foreign Minister (M. Sturdza) \ has rejected Sir Reginald Hoare'a pro- < test against the arrest of the accused, claiming that Sir Reginald himself was i involved in the sabotage plans in which : the arrested men were implicated, M. Sturdza asked Sir Reginald to resign." The Bucharest correspondent of "The Times" states: "Thugs on the frontier are bullying departing Britons. The strongest possible pressure from Britain will be necessary to meet the situation, which is still deteriorating." BUCHAREST, October 4. The disappearance of Mr Miller is considered to be possibly connected with unexploited oil deposits, of which he has secret details. KING CAROL DETAINED. LONDON, October 3. The " Daily Mail's" Geneva corre spondent states : " Ex-King Caroj and Madame Lupescu, who intended to go to America, have been detained in Spain I as a result of pressure from outside sources. It is believed that M. Pade rewski was .detained at Saragossa when attempting to go to America." THE BRENNER MEETING. LONDON, October 5. Belief that the conference of Hitler and Mussolini at the Brenner Pass yes terday heralds a drive by the Axis partners through the Balkans, in an at tempt .to break the British blockade, is expressed by the "New York Times''' correspondents in Cairo, Athens, and Belgrade, i This coincides with the view of the "Daily Mail," which declares in an edi torial that all the signs point to a Mediterranean attack. Mussolini, on his way "back to Rome from the Brenner Pass, called a meet ing of his Ministerial Council for 10 a.m. today, says the German radio. Marshal Graziani, Commander-in Chief of the Italian forces invading Egypt, has returned to Italy and is awaiting a conference with Mussolini. ITALIAN DIFFICULTIES. ' | Graziani already is confronted with administrative difficulties greatly ham pering his progress. There are persist ent reports that German troops are go ing to Sicily whence they will attempt to cross the sea to Tripoli, but it is pointed out that they are likely to face the same difficulty as invasion of Eng land. The correspondent says that the Brit ish fleet is itching for battle with the Italian fleet, and an attempt to trans port Italian troops would give the Brit ish Navy the opportunity it has long awaited. An attempt- to seize Gibraltar and transport troops across the Straits would be equally difficult, as they would have to march 3000 miles across North Africa. The Axis petrol supplies are not likely to be adequate to transport them. Italy and Germany may, therefore, decide to attack through the Balkans, Turkey, and Palestoine, Russia's atti tude to such a move will be most im portant. GERMANY IMPATIENT WITH VICHY REGIME. LONDON, October 5. j M- Flandin, a former Premier ofj France, who sent Hitler a congratu latory telegram after Munich, may soon head a completely Nazi France under! German occupation. News trickling' from France confirms that the Germans ( are becoming increasingly impatient with the Vichy regime, and also are angry with a section of the French press for mentioning Britain's defiance of Hitler's blitzkrieg. Leadership by M. Flandin would be the best reply to Vichy's dalliance. Ho has kept out of the political arena for months, and did not compromise him self by accepting a ministerial position after the outbreak of war. He has urged emphatically that France should be under one regime. It has long been known that M. Flandin is awaiting an opportune mo ment to make a bid for a dictatorship over a completely Nazifjed France. He; assisted in the negotiations when M. Laval went to Paris to negotiate for the return of the Government to the capital. COURT-MARTIALLED. The Tangier correspondent of 'the British United Press states: "A num-; ber of French air force men have beenj courtmartialled at Casablanca for re- j fusing to participate in a raid on Gib raltar." ! LARGE GERMAN FORCE ENTERS j RUMANIA. LONDON, October 8. Strong German -forces are reported to Jiave entered Rumania. One report states that they number 30,000 and that they were sent to control the oil output and shipping. The majority of the troops catered Rumania through Hungary. It is stated that the German occupa tion is the first result of the Brenner Pass .meeting between ..Hitler and Mussolini and that it was made with the cooperation of General Antoaescu, Rumania's dictator. It is claimed that Germany has en tered Rumania to establish naval and air bases in the Black Sea, either to threaten the British fleet in the Medi terranean or to attack Turkey. The Bucharest correspondent of the British United Press states that five trainloads of German motorised forces md air force men have arrived in Ru mania in the last 24 hours. TJiis follows % Rumanian official claim to possess positive proof that British oil men are engaged in a plot to sabotage the oil fields. Italian troops are also being sent to Rumania. INSPIRED REPORTS. The German and Rumanian Govern ments were busy today attempting to give leBs harmless significance to Ger man troop movements, which more de tached circles believe amount to direct Axis assumption of control of Rumania* The Bucharest correspondent of the American Associated Press, in a mes sage censored in Rumania, declares that there is widespread evidence that all branches of German military and naval establishments, in addition to German industry, will soon be operating in order to buttress Rumanian defences. Official Rumano-German. quarters, however, vigorously deny that large numbers of German troops, tanks and guns have already arrived. Rumanian Government circles refuse to confirm or deny reports that Ger many is planning to assist in building a large naval and air force base near Mamaia, the construction of ja wide highway across Rumania and the en largement of a submarine factory base at Galati. BRITISH COMMENT. The military writer of "The Times" states : 'Tut shortly, Germany haa secured Rumanian oil by means of in timidation and the establishment of an administration obedient to her trill, whereas the capture of the oilfields by' a military force would have been diffi cult without Russian cooperation. Since the outbreak of the war Rumania's con siderable and increHsing use of her own production has been au important fac tor in limiting the export of oil to Germany. This consideration will be eliminated,- because it can be assumed that Germany intends to exploit Ru mania's oil wells completely as she is exploiting the resources of the coun tries conquered by force. "Russia's reactions will be . watched with interest. Except at the outset, when she scored a cer tain poiat, Russia haa (bees out manoeuvred by Germany In this war* The Soviet no longer is in a good position to assert her influence, as during the battle for France. The dispatch of German troops by train across Hungary establishes that Hungary is completely under Ger man domination and has abandoned all pretence at neutrality." AIR BASES ON OIL FIELDS. The military writer of "The Times" also states: "The proportion of Ger man troops in Rumania, also the re ported presence of aircraft personnel, is certainly significant It always has been probable that an Italian offensive against Egypt would be accompanied by some move in the Balkans, designed to overawe Turkey, thereby facilitating Italian control of Syria. The estab lishment of German air bases on the Rumanian oil fields would not only be the most economical mode of supplying fuel to aircraft, but would be a threat to Turkey. Ploesti is 300 miles from Istanbul and roughly 500 from Angora or considerably nearer than London from Berlin. This threat would in crease if the other Axis partner invad ed Greece and if the invasion were successful the Axis would hav« eon plete atrategic control of South-eastern Europe. Greece, however, it not so de fenceless and fiiendlsa ns Rumania, nor will the campaigning weather on the Greek-Albanian frontier continue nucli longer." ANOTHER VICTIM. The "Daily Mail," in a leader, states: " Homania has gone the way of all the others who enjoyed German protection. She first lost the substance of inde pendence and now loses even the shadow. This is the first swift result of the Brenner meeting and strengthens the band of the Axis in the Balkans and Eastern Mediterranean and constitutes a setback to Russia. A German Rumanian army on the Russian border would be a permanent menace. Hen Hitler has played his cards well. The Russians' objections to the occupation of Rumania would have carried more weight before the alliance of Italy and Germany with Japan implied a threat to the Soviet in the Far East." "The Times," in a leader, states: "The pretext for the occupation of Ru mania directly .concerns Britain. Lead ing British business men in Rumania were subjected to physical violence i>i order to extort confessions that the.1' had intended to sabotage the oil fields. The alleged revelations thus obtainc.l were an ostensible pretext for Nazi action. Germany as usual intervened to protect her victims against Britain. The Rtlmanian Government, under the alliance with Britain and France, would have been criminally negligent if it had not planned to destroy its oil well in the event of an unprovoked German attack. "The Rumanian authorities are guilty of revolting hypocrisy, which can make such projects a pretext for the maltreatment of British subjects. There is ao ques tion of the ultimate source from which the brutal methods were in spired, hut it is a great mistake for th.. Amnaniens perpetrating or condoning these outrages to be lieve that they are doing themselves, or their country any good. These \ things will be remembered on the day of reckoning. RUSSIA'S POSITION. '*Tlie occupatioh of Rumania may be the first of deeds wc were warned m expect after the Brenner meeting, li so, it is neither it terrifying nor a sig nificant contribution to the Nazi cam paign against Britain. Russia acquires another de favto common frontier witli Germany and sees a great Power es tablished on the Black Sea. This will afford iter r.o pleasure, but it is hardly cause for Iter to change Iter cautious policy. Turkey trill be more alive liwn ever to the need for vigilance." Berlin newspapers state that informed circles describe as "absolute nonsence*' a report that Germany was helping io build a naval base en Mamaia. YUGOSLAVIA UNEASY. BELGRADE, October S. The arrival of German troops in Ru mania is causing uneasiness in Yugu slavia. It is believed in some circles that it' Germany occupies certain areas of tlie Danube, giving her access to the Black Sea, Russia may seize the remainder of the Black Sea region. 