Time-Honored Toasts Presented at Ceilidh ST. PATRICK, EIRE, AUSTRALIA JHE time-honored toasts—"Thei Day We Celebrate," 'The Memory of the Dead," "Eire," and "Australia"—were duly honored at the notable Ceilidh function held last week in celebra tion of St. Patrick's Day, under the auspices of the Irish National and Irish Pipers' Associations, as reported in our issue of last week. Here a summary is given of the national addresses, which were deeply appreciated by the large Ceilidh audience. The toast of "The Day We Cele brate" was presented by the Rev. Father Callistus, C.P., of St. Paul's Retreat, Glen Osmond, who is - a native of the United States, and whose revered parents were both Gaelic speakers from Galway, Eire. Speaking of the marvellous success of St. Patrick's missionary venture in Ireland, where Palladius, who pre ceded him had failed, Father Callis tus said that Patrick, who was in fluenced by the Roman invaders, had a Iceen and analytical mind: he never made a move without weighing the consequences with clear logical, though oft times, swift reasoning. Coupled with this trait in his charac ter was a burning religious fervor in herited from both sides of his family. Having first prepared himself by study, prayer, and mortification, and armed with the authority of the Pope, he selected twenty Priests and deacons whom he schooled in the rudi ments of the Irish rongue and in the psychological approach to the Druidic mind, and with a carefully prepared plan in mind he went to Ireland. From a personal point of view, con tinued Father Callistus, Patrick had planned to approach the Irish people as an emissary from" the Spiritual King. To accomplish this he first had to discharge all material obligations which would hinder him in any way. This meant that he must pay off his ransom to his former master. Prince Milchu-Mac-Huanan, having heard of the power of his former slave, and fearing that he himself was about to become a victim of this supernatural force, committed suicide. This act, terrible though it was, proved to Pat rick that a display of strength would make more of an impression upon the Irish people than a meek approach. He would continue as "Ambassador from the King of Kings." He would' aim always at the princes and lead ers, depending upon the love and loyalty of their subjects for the greater harvest. In the country near Dalaradia and on down into Meath, Patrick met with considerable suc cess with lords and princes. Then unexpectedly a brilliant op portunity presented itself. He noticed that several royal cavalcades had passed him going south, and immedi ately Patrick's little hand turned and followed them toward Tara, where all the princes and Priests in Ireland had been called together by the Ard-Righ, or supreme lord, Laoghaire. Along the way Patrick was busy devising some means of making a spectacular entrance into that great assembly. One night he camped within a few yards of another group on their way to the conference. His company soon made friends with them. There he learned that this was the last night on which they could light a fire until the signal fire was built at Tara four days hence. . Inspiration. Suddenly Patrick's inspiration came. A new confidence showed in his quick ened step. A smile had smoothed out the wrinkles- in his forehead. Three days later Ids band reached the River Boyine, and although it was early afternoon Patrick gave orders to make camp near Slane. He sent his; fol lowers to find great quantities of wood while he himself went over in his mind the details of the message that he hoped to bring to Tara on the morrow. 4 ~ When darkness fell and his men realised that Patrick really intended to light a fire they begged him to re-^ frain. "The Druids will tear you to* pieces. Tara lies just across the river. They, will; aee the light and send their".soldiers to 'kill you." But Patrick waived aside their fears. "Hey willsend .soldiers, yefc. But! those soldiers sh^Ube the escort for the ambassador from the King of Kings." And 'forthwith Patrick struck the spark. In consternation at this effrontery, the Druid Priests protested in great alarm. "O King, this fire which has been lighted in defiance of the royal edict will blaze forever in the land unless it be this very night ex tinguished." That fire still bums in the hearts of Irishmen. Of course the culprit had to be brought in, and soldiers were dis patched. They found Patrick. "I have awaited thee," was all he said, and signalling to his followers he fed the regally clad procession toward Tara. Patrick, garbed in all his sacerdotal vestments, and his liturgically clad cortege, made a tremendous impres sion as they advanced in slow and solemn procession toward the throne of the Ard-Righ. Thousands recog nised it then and knew it ever after to be one of the most dramatic moments in their lives, in all history. The charge against him was forgot ten; forgotten also were the prob lems that had drawn this great as sembly together. - Their minds were as one unit, wholly and without dis traction, centred upon . this unknown majestic personality. "I bring you a message from the King of all Kings." The simple sen tence was gently spoken, yet it thun dered in their ears. The people did not understand his message, but at . least he was a human being and ad dressed,, them in their own tongue. They moved uneasily to relax their taut muscles. But the tension still hung over them, and they listened apprehensively for his next words. Patrick began to preach. He launched immediately into his most telling ex posures of the shams and falsity of the Druidic religion. He . spoke naturally, yet he poured these thoughts into them swiftly. He had to work fast. He could not hope to keep them spell-bound for very long. But soon he reached their Irish hearts.' Amazing Chronicle of Strategy. From that day- iorward Patrick went up and down Ireland winning all to Christ. His travels were rapid, perhaps eccentric. Yet hack of these spectacular feats there was a steady advance in the cause of Christ. He seemed to leap ahead, making mag nificent attacks at strategic points while his followers swiftly closed the ranks and held the ground as he jgained it. The success of St. Patrick is an amazing chronicle of strategy, said Father Callistus. He bent every effort toward. achieving a maximum of results with a minimum of blood shed. This soldier of peace plunged into every danger, yet a well-con cealed prudence guided his every thrust. He knew enough not to strike if it meant loss of men. But on the other hand, when the opportune moment arrived he> promptly delivered the blow. Throughout the rest of the world the Way of the Cross was red with the blood of martyrs, but it was not so in Ireland. ■i ■■ Memory of the l)ead. 7 At the instance of the chairman the toast of the Memory of the Dead was honored as a silent toast, with a prayer for those gone, before "with the sigh of faith": special reference was later made by the honorary sec retary, Mr. P. A. Greene; to the late Mr.' W. P. Crowley, of Frospect, and the late Mr. jT.; Cronin, of Fullarton, who' had been: well-known figures at the annual Ceilidh. Followed the toast of Eire, presented by Rev. Fr, *P. J. Walsh, Murray Bridge. !Euri^^ 'i.. 1 OotUnihg wlrelahd that -St. Patrick left behind fi hiin^Father Walshrecalled thatabout the time that St. Patrick -went to Ireland, St. Augustine was writing the "City of God," in which he endea vored to build up the world of the future out of the ruins of the Roman Empire crumbling away before his eyes. In the century and a half be tween Patrick's coming to Eire and the departure of Columcille from Derry the whole face of Europe had changed: Rome had been sacked, the Empire ceased to be, law and learning had failed, and religion had almost disappeared. Ireland alone in Western Europe had been spared,.the fury of that de struction, and from out of Ireland' went to the Continent the men, who, possessing the old tradition, re-lit the torch of learning and enkindled the flame of charity. We must not under estimate the work of the sons of St. Benedict, who were to become pre eminently the teachers of Europe, said Fr. WaLsh; but it is true to say that it was from Ireland the greatest single impulse came to make the Western Europe of that time Christian and cultured. It would be too long to recount the names of even the principal Irishmen and the pupils of Irishmen who were educators of Europe in the seventh, eighth, and ninth centuries. A map of. Europe, marked with the places where Irishmen were Bishops and founders of sees, monasteries, and schools, and the pupils of Irishmen were famous teachers, would be the best illustration of the facts. But since names and places are more than general assertions, one recalls: Vir gilius of Salzburg was a master of astronomy—and an Irishman; as was Martin of Rheims, the Greek, scholar, and Scotus Eriugena, master of all the arts, at Laon. Alcuin, the great Englishman, who was, so to speak, Charlemagne's Minister of Education, shows us in a charming letter how the Irish teachers were regarded. Writing in a most affectionate tone to Coelchu, Abbot of Clonmacnoise, Alcuin sends all the news of the court to his Irish "Master" and teacher— and encloses a phial of oil—"for such is hard to come by in Ireland"—and a hundred sickles of silvers-gifts from the Emperor 'himself to the Abbot. The incident is a charming symbol of the appreciation earned by Irish schools, without which the first Renaissance would not have been pos sible. Banish Invasion: Penal Times. With the Oarolingian period, how ever, closes the firgt phase of Irish missionary activity. The Danish in vasions had begun some time before, and by the end of the ninth century most of the Irish monastic centres were in ruins, and the most of Irish Catholicism with them. It was a bitter struggle against many forces to keep Ireland Christian, for many years—but this is not a his tory of Catholicism, in Ireland. In mediaeval times Irishmen were in deed found in the most unlikely places abroad—one taught St. Thomas at Naples, another was a member of the first Catholic Mission to China. And in post-Reformation times, Irish Priests, secular and religious, were as wide-scattered as the wild geese. - We find them in Danzig and Vienna, in Prague and Louvain, in Paris and in Rome. To mention only a few names: O Maolchonaire of Louvain, -later Archbishop of Tuam, was well known in Latin and theologi cal literature; Colgan is immortal as editor of Dunscotus; and Lynch's ex position of Scotist theology is still an authority.. But these, as their fel lows, were exiled teachers rather than missionaries. The penal laws closed down on Ire land in their full rigor after the Treaty of Limerick in 1689, and hence forth, for a century and a half almost, the only Irish activity abroad was the training'of Priests for work at home. But when the stream of Irish immi gration began, towards , the end of the eighteenth century and especially early in the nineteenth, a new mis sionary movement began, Irish Priests followed the emigrants and soon became the missionaries-par excellence in the English-speaking countries* to which the Irish emigrants ■ had gone, and in which the Irish were the greater part , of the Catholic population. Foreign mission semi naries were established In Dublin, Kildare; Kilkenny, THuries, Water ford*1* Wexford, and Carlow, and the Religious of men and women founded branches in the new Irish diaspora. Irish Priests Abroad; " At the present time oyer one hun dred secular Priests are ordained in Ireland every year for the service of the Church in English speaking countries outside Ireland. A conser vative estimate of the Irish Priests nowln those countries would be about three thousand; the Brothers are many, and the Nuns beyond counting. One has only to read a list. of the Bishops in England, the United States, Australia, and New Zealand to rea lise what the Church of St. Patrick has meant and still means for those lands. In addition to this, and much more recently, a new missionary activity has begun; and in the last twenty eight years attained a marvellous growth: the mission to pagan lands. Before the last war this aspect of missionary work was unfamiliar in Ireland, though there was a certain number of Irish missionaries in Africa. And now Irish missionary Priests in pagan lands number over 400, be longing to 15 different missionary societies; the Sisters number nearly 2,000—one-eighth of all the mission ary Nuns in heathendom—and the Brothers about 300. Two new societies of missionary Priests have been founded and two of Sisters, and the older societies have increased enormously in number. It would be interesting, went on Fr. Walsh, to calculate the amount of territory peopled and ministered to by Irishmen and their descendants, and thus to evaluate the contribution of Irishmen to the spreading of the Gospel in our day. But one fact may suffice to indicate the significance to-day of the foundation of St. Patrick in Christendom—a fact that is surely without parallel; there are to day in the service of the Church, dis persed over five continents, twice as many Bishops of Irish birth as there are Bishops in Ireland. The Wheat of Christ. Fr. Walsh outlined the story of the foundation of the Church in Australia, «■ which was the story of Irish faith and constancy beneath the Southern Cross. Concluding the story of this veritable epic which had its unique triumphs at the International Eucharistic Congress at Sydney in 1928, at the Congress in Melbourne in 1934, and in Adelaide in 1936, Fr. Walsh concluded: The grand old pioneers of the early Church in Australia must have looked down from Heaven upon those page ants of glory and proudly exclaimed: "You have labored to suppress us for so many years; and yet of our ashes spring others, and our dead bones are come to be a huge army. With your thundering both the cloud of error is dissolved, the enclosed light of truth displayed, and the earth watered with profitable showers to the ripening of God's corn. New slips are ever en grafted when the old bough is cut off; and the virtues of the root that the bough loseth, the slip enjoyeth. You cut open fruit and shed the kernel on the earth, where for one that you spoil many will spring up of it. We were the wheat of Christ and we are ready (if you would) to be ground with the teeth of wild beasts, or if you would not suffer that, with the millstones of your heavy persecution, that we might become pure and clean bread in the sight of Christ." Australia. The last toast on the list was that of Australia, and its presentation was in the very capable hands , of Mr. h. Fitzgerald, Grand President of the H.A.C.B. Society. Mr. Fitzgerald said that to some Australia was the land of their adop tion, to others the land of their birth: to all it was their dwelling-place, it supplied them with a livelihood, they looked to it for their future well being. It was their homeland, be it by birth or adoption. In Australia's national life indus trial activities, both primary and secondary, are important and essen tial to the material progress of the nation; Art, science, literature, and sport play their part in the life of the nation, but all are subsidiary to religion, which should take - first place in national life. "We are justly proud," said Mr. Fitzgerald, "of the magnificent work which the Catholic Church has done and continues to do throughout Australia. There is con crete evidence, if indeed evidence i§., necessary, of the progress she is mak ing here in our own State. The erec tion of churches, schools, orphanages, hostels, hospitals, etc., in South Aus tralia show what has been done by (ContinuedonPage ,17.) TIME-HONORED TOASTS PRESENTED AT CEILIDH. (Continued from Page 9.) Mother Church and the Catholic people of South Australia. These works are by no means confined to our own State, but simply illustrate the good work which the Church is accomplishing throughout Australia. We realise the privileges we enjoy regarding the practice of our religion, but at the same time it is well to re member that it has not always been so. The debt which we ov^e to the early Irish settlers who persevered in their faith despite tremendous odds can never be fully repaid. "In industry our country has made great progress. Look at Australia as we find her to-day,; a virile young country, proudly playing her part in world affairs. Let us reflect and rea lise that she must have passed through many stages and been sub ject to many influences during the 160 years or so of her existence. To en deavor to recount all these to-night would be impossible, suffice it to say that Irishmen and their descendants have played their part nobly and well in the foundation and growth of our nation." Having dealt with local and national industrial progress, Mr. Fitzgerald went on: A Call and a Response. "That Australia is playing her part as a unit in the British Empire of nations no one will dispute. That we are in a position, ready and willing, to give valuable assistance in a multitude of ways at a time like the present is in itself a tribute to the early pioneers, who by their labor and foresight have made this pos sible. In every sphere of life Aus tralia and Australians are playing their part with distinction. Already men of the 2nd A.I.F. have gone over seas, and we may rest assured that they will worthily uphold Australia's name wherever they go. While it is sad to think that it is necessary for a peace-loving nation to take up arms, it is nevertheless heartening to know that when the need arises and the call is made a ready response is forthcoming. The fact that we are at war and can still carry on with very little dislocation or interference tflllllllHIHIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIINIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUV I Speaking of the vital necessity | | of the Catholic Press, His | | Holiness Pope Pius XII said: "In | | the shoreless, storm-harrowed | | ocean of the press of the world | | and its various philosophies of § | life, the Catholic Press should | | stand as a seer and prophet." | with industry is evidence of the fact that our principles of govern ment are something to be proud of. "Our land beneath the Southern Cross is deserving of the tribute we pay to it to-night, and in paying tri bute to Australia we are not forget ting the peoples of other nations who have adopted it as their homeland and contributed generously to its advance ment in many ways. Particularly do we Australian Catholics with fond recollection cherish the memory of Ireland, condoling in her sufferings, rejoicing in her prosperity and hap piness, and impressing upon the ris ing generation a love for her noble and devoted race. Let us resolve to night to continue our endeavors for the Welfare of Australia: to improve where we consider improvement Is needed; to make Australia better where she already excells, so that as the years pass by each succeeding Ceilidh will be able to recognise and pay tribute to the part which Irish men and their descendants have played in moulding the destiny of a great nation." 