U.S.A. AND BRITAIN American Opinion in 1914 and Now By Morton Webber. WHEN war was declared between the Allies and Germany on August 4, 1914, American citizens of German ori gin were one of the largest segments of the population of the United States. They were naturally pro-German. Not only this: they were intelligent, rich and re spected by their fellow Americans. They were heavily interested in the silver, cop per, zinc and lead mines of the United States and, through their control of two corporations, dominated the smelters, not only of the United States but also the mining fields of Mexico and the South Americas. The American Metal Company, which was wound up after the United States entered the war because of the corpora tion's undisguised pro-German activities, was rightly called "The German Octo pus." The strength of Germans in America did not stop here. Germans, or, rather, people of German origin, were on the boards of the General Chemical Company and the Allied Chemical Com pany, which controlled the chemical in dustry. They dominated the dye busi ness. Charles Schwab was president of Bethlehem Steel; August Hekscher was president of the New Jersey Zinc Com pany, which controlled the output of zinc pretty well throughout the world, if we exclude Australia The latter was so pro-German that he gave a large dona tion to the crew of the Deutschland, a submarine which successfully evaded the British blockade and triumphantly sailed up the Hudson River. In fairness it should be stated that, when the United States entered the war, the gentlenien just men tioned promptly forgot their German antecedents and devoted their personal energies and the energies of these enor mous corporations to the cause of the Al lies. When the United States came into the war what Bethlehem Steel turned out in guns and general armaments is history. Instead of giving donations to German submarine crews August Hek scher, out of his own purse, sent and maintained an ambulance corps to France, in the cause of the Allies, and his son joined the American forces. The foregoing recites the attitude of Americans of German extraction in Aug ust, 1914. and their attitude when Ame rica finally enter the war. What is the attitude of this segment of the popula tion of the United States today? The change beggars description. The mosi anti-German people in America to day are precisely the same por tion of American society just mentioned. Why? The answer is that Hitler's bar baric and revolting treatment of the German and Austrian Jew has turned these people definitely against Germany. The Guggenheims, Vogelsteins, Schwabs, Hekachers, Hirsches, etc., etc., are all of German-Jewish extraction, In the knowledge of cause and effect Hitler has proved himself the greatest idiot in history. His treatment of these intelligent and peaceful people has turned a nation of 140,000,000, with un limited resources, so against him that it has pledged itself to aid Britain in every conceivable way "short of war." Com pare this with the attitude of America to Britain in August, 1914, and 14 months therefrom with the corresponding 14 months of this war. Had President Wil son attempted during .these months to swap 50 United States destroyers for some land bases, which incidentally will be as much a protection to Britain as America, he would have been promptly put in gaol or an asylum. Certainly he would have lost his job. I have dealt with the citizens of Ame rica of German origin. The first para graph of this article was framed for a special purpose. Superficially it might appear that I was saying something that should be known to most. In short, the antecedents of every citizen of the United States were rooted in some other country. The purpose of the paragraph is to stress that the descendants of Ame rican citizenship of the conquered coun tries--Dutch, Belgian, Norwegian, Dan ish, etc.-must feel much the same way. What can be the feeling of. such rich aid politicall powerful families as the Rockefellers, Vanderbilts, Van Renslaurs and the Lolillards today? The Italian Attitude. An exception to this logic might be Italy. Concerning this I will say that the Italian segment In America is divided into two classes. The first is a highly intelligent moneyed class, such as the grape and citrus growers of California and Arizona, and the Italian importers of New York and New Orleans. These people, while sympathetic to Italy, hate Mussolini. They feel that he has rail roaded an artistic and peace-loving na tion, whose heart is not really in the war, into war, in much the same way as Hitler bamboozled the bovine Germans. They feel it matters little which side wins: Italy will "wind up in the scraps." The great majority feel that Italy will fare better at the hands of a victorious Bri tain than she would if depending on the promise of Hitler and his short memory. The other part of the Italian segment is the inhabitants of Italian "districts" in large cities such as Greenwich Village in New York. These people keep to themselves. It is the greatest difficulty to get them to vote on any subject. Their influence can be disregarded. The other section of the population of America which excites interest in a sub ject of this nature is the Irish- American. When war broke out in 1914 American citizens of Irish descent were not pro German, but the large majority were defintely anti-British. Since then a lot of water has flown over the dam. In 26 odd years the world has been enriched by wireless, which has resulted in broad ening one's point of view in general know ledge, in much the same way as traveL The great majority have learnt not to think in terms of England, but of the British Empire. Further, during these 26 odd years England has done many things to placate wrongs, Imaginary and real, and the most anti-British Irish American in the United States has made up his mind that Gromwell is dead. Then there is an element of the popul lation which was as strong, if not stron ger, in America than the German-Ame rican and whose views during the first 14 months of the 1914 war, while not pro-German, were basicahlly and stead fastly neutral. Strange as it may seem, this class was largely of British stock. I refer to the powerful bankers-such as the Morgans, etc., the large industrial ists of the New England States, and to a lesser extent the descendants of early British immigrants to the South, parti cularly the Carolinas, Kentucky and Virginia. Few know that many of these people are more conversant with Britain and her problems than many Britons them selves. This was because so many of them, year after year--in fact gener ation after generation-packed up when the hot weather started and sailed for Europe. It is no exaggeration that many Americans boasted that for so many years they had engaged the same suite in their favourite liner in their early spring migration. The point of this is that they knew from business association and personal observation, that, before the last war, Germany was undermining Bri tish trade in the United States, the South Americas and also Europe. They re garded the 1914 war not as a trade war. but a war caused by trade. Two "Big Boys" had got in each other's road. Know ing this, and they did not see why they should "pull England's chestnuts out of the fire." Had the Kaiser let healthy competition in trade take its normal course, it is conjectural what the relative economic strength of these nations would be today. However, he, like Hitler, chose the sword, which goes to show that self-provoked wars do not pay. The methods of the latter have been so revolting, and against all that decent people stand for, that the class of American referred to is now as pro-British as the German Jew. "The Woman at the Mill." by Frank Dalby Davison. Angus and Robert son, 7/6. A COLLECTION of short stories, typi cal magazine work, by the author of "Man-Shy," and set in the same venue, round about Wilatown. The author has the gift of atmosphere, and his portraits of the various men and women with whom his tales are concerned appear to be true to Ilfe. 