Local and General Tennis Social ? A SOCIAL organised by the Glen innes Lawn Tennis Club to en tertain visiting players, held in the Town Hall last night, was an out standing social success. Mr. A. Hunt's orchestra provided music and Mr. E. Marshall was M.C. Mr. C. J. Smith catered for supper. The club president, Mr. R. D. Elle*n, during the evening presented troptres won during the Easter tournamen:-. King Joked About Socks. J£OW the King joked about the socks made for Australians on active service was told by Mrs. Clifford Hay, wife the of New South Wales Agent-General in London, when she returned to Sydney after nearly two years abroad. When Mrs. Hay left London Australian women were be ing organised by Mrs. S. M. Bruce, wife of the Australian High Com missioner, into the Australian Wo men's Voluntary Service for the pur pose of providing comforts for Aus tralian soldiers. 'One day the King and Queen paid a surprise visit to Australia House to see members of the service at work. They were most in terested, but the King joked about the socks they were making. He said they did not look as though they would be big enough for Australian soldiers.' Night of Nights A FURTHER list of intending pat rons of the great patriotic 'Night of Nights' on Wednesday, April' 3, included Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Shel don, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Fergusson, Mr. and Mrs. H. Risby, Dr. and Mrs. F. W. Buddee, Mr. and Mrs. B. S. Marsh, Mrs. V. Spencer, Mr. and Mrs. H. Knudson, Mr. and Mrs. J. Kellaway, Mr. and Mrs. T. MeEwan, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Cov sell, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Kemtle, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Yates, Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Vidler, Mr. H. L. S. Havy att, Mr N. Hodder, Mr. M. Priest, Rev. B. C. Archbold, Mr. and Mr*. J. Hutchison, Mr. and Mrs. C. Hayes, Mr. J. Ovens, Mr. and Mrs. V. S. Tidboald, Mr. and Mrs. Reg. Duff, Mr. and Mrs. W. Loomes. Miss Elsie Creagh, Mr. J. Freeman. Mr. P. Crithary, Mr. L. G. Hill and Mr. 3. Cregan and party (.Ben Lu niond) . Labor Meeting A GATHERING representative ol many branches of activity in and around Glen Innes assembled in the Oddfellows' Hall for the monthly meeting of the Glen Innes Branch of the A.L.P. (writes the hon. secrei ary, Mr. A. Byrne). At the con clusion'- of formal business an inler e-ting address was give on the re sults of the recent Corio by-election. Alter a review of the issues at stake as summed up by the Prime Minister prior to the election, the speaker showed by the figures in the final count how definite was the will o! the electors. It was pointed out that the members of the local brancn had reason to hope that their ob jects would be achieved when the re sidents of this area again expressed themselves at the polling booth. New Vaccine 'ITHE Defence Department and the British War Office are interested in research that has been conducted for several years past with regard to the development of a prophylaxis against gas gangrene. In Australia the Director-General of Australian Medical Services (.Major-General R. M. Downs) said research work had been conducted for the past three years at the Baker Medical Research , Institute, Alfred Hospital. The insti tute had been .walking on a new vac cine, which it was hoped would prove a protection against gas gangrene. The efficacy ..of such a vaccine had not yety^een. definitely proved. A toxqid . pflajientive of gas gangrene in fection- Tfjould be of great use to the medical' services of the fighting forces. Save Waste Paper! JJEDUCTION in the importation of raw materials owing to the war has impelled the secretary of the taper Mill Employees' Union in Vic toria -Mr. S. J. Roberts) to make an earnest appeal to householders to save waste paper and cardboard to l«elp in keeping paper mill employees at work. The amount required by manuiacturers for the manufacture ol cardboard waSi he said, 60,000 tons a year, and all they were able to col lect was 15,000 tons. By responding to the appeal the public would also be helping hospitals, the Red Cross, the Australian Comforts Fund and other institutions which collected waste paper. Increased collections would also mean greater revenue for both chan ta Die and war work. Accidents v. Diseases INFECTIOUS diseases figures for Australia for 1939, released by the Commonwealth Department of Health were made the subject of a critical comparison with road accident figures by the state Director of Health in Victoria. Dr. Featonby'B summing up ol the situation was that, in the national ledger, lives saved by the advance of medical science were more than countered by the deaths due to traffic accidents. Except in the case of tuberculosis, wheie the death rate, though declining, was still baffling the worlds brains, medical knowledge, he claimed, could cope with other Infectious diseases which not long since were scourges to be faced with out hope. Last year typhoid figures for Victoria weie the lowest on re cord. Entering into the traffic prob lem. Dr. Featonby urged the provision of roads for modern last-moving traf fic free from those dangfers of level crossings, dangerous intersections and highways through country settlements that served the past well enough, but { were a definite cause of most ol the | traffic deaths W-day. I New Wartime Industry. J^N important addition to the list of new wartime industries is the British production of Nylon, which is an entirely new raw material, deriv ed from coal, air and water. The Un ited States pioneered its development and the new Imperial Chemical In dustries Ltd. and Courtaulds Ltd.. in co-operation, are opening three fac tories for the manufacture of Nylon products. Nylon fibres are stronger than wool, silk and cotton fibres, and are highly suitable for the manufac ture of hosiery. Bishop in Jewish Pulpit. 'JMIE Bishop-Coadjutor of' Sydney, Dr. Pilcher, speaking from the pulpit of the Temple Emanuel (Jew ish Liberal Congregation) at the Mac cabean Hall, asked whether the time had arrived for the churches to coop erate against the insidious propaganda of the Nazis. Dr. Pilcher said that a movement was gaining ground in i America that Catholics, Jews and Pro testants — he followed the alphabeti cal designation adopted by an Amer ican author— should unite to combat the opposition of Hitlerism to all forms of religion. The Maccabean Hall was crowded. Rabbi Max Schenk said that the service was an epoch making event, as it was the first time in the history «of Australia that a Christian leader had occupied a Jew ish pulpit. Union Condemns Russia. J|£EMBERS of the Balmain (Sydney) branch of the Ironworkeis' Un ion, at their last meeting, objected to a resolution carried by the Sydney branch oi the union that the Second A.I.F. should not be allowed to fight! Russia. The Balmain branch carried a jesolution condemning the Soviet for its attacks on Finland. The branch opposed conscription in Australia. The branch also decided that should the New South Wales Trades and Lab or Council support the Sydney branch in its sympathy witn the Soviet (which the Labour Council subse quently did) the Balmain ironworkers would dissociate themselves from the decision. There are about 2400 iron workers in the Balmain branch. Stoneless Dates. J^ cluster of stoneless dates in the ?*? West Moreton and Downs exhibit in t-.e Commonwealth district com peuiiuu at tne Royal Sydney show haa a st.ange history. Forty years ago Mr. C. Tryhorn, of Gatton, Queensland, ate a date and threw the stone carelessly into his garden. The stone germinated, but he took little notice of the slowly-growing palm, until 15 years later it bore fruit. 'To- day the tree is still bearing,' said Mr. P, A. Logan, of Gatton, sonin law of the original planter of the lonely date, 'and these dates in the exhibit are some of its fruit. But the queer thing about these dates is that they aie stoneless, although their grandfather was a normal, stony date.' Mr. Logan's father first set tled in U.e Gatton district in 1872, and he has helped organise the West Moreton and Downs exhibit ever since it was started. Desertions From Ships. JTN bygone days numbers of Scandi navian and other seamen who de serted from loftily-sparred sailing ships in Australian ports, to become fishermen or riggers and miners ashore proved some of our best pion eers. With the better conditions in steamships, and the tightening-up of immigration laws, this source of mi gration was almost lost until six months or so ago. Since then, how ever, many Norwegian, Danish or Swedish vessels trading to Australia, have lost members of their crews. Sydney reported 20 desertions alone during one fortnight. It is quite ob vious that these men prefer to make tl.eir home in a land free of mines and invasions. Some of the run aways are working on coastal ships under licence, others await jobs in Australian sailors' homes. Meanwhile their ships sail to the Baltic shoit handed. Rehabilitating China. A Policy of rehabilitation was al ? ready well on the way in China, said the vice-consul for China, Mr. w. x. isao, at me concert neia in Melbourne to raise funds for medical sevices and relief work generally. While Japan had frittered away her men and her resources, China, with her 450,000,000, remained with a un ited front, and that she would even tually emerge from the struggle vic torious went without saying, he de clared. But the task she had still to accomplish was not confined to mil itary operations, and great strides to wards rehabilitation had already been achieved through the industrial co-operative movement, begun in 1938\. Designed to alleviate suffering, and at the same time to build up a national economy that would elimin ate the demerits of capitalism and foster the merits of a scientific soc ialism the plan was a nation-wide one, and the success with which it was already meeting gave promise that the rehabilitation of China was not far distant. To Australia that was important, because with her pur chasing powers restored, China, as Australia's nearest great neighbor, offered a. tremendous market lor pri mary and Industrial products. 