So Ions Defend Alien Bill; Nippon Critical Say Bill Is Fair to All Nations — 'Discriminatory, Says Tokyo Spokesman Believed to represent the general sentiment in the National Assem- bly, Speaker Joge Yulo last night declared when asked to comment on Tokyo's reaction to the, approval of the immigration bill, that the mea- sure was approved for the best interests of the Philippines and in fair- ness to all countries. Press reports from Tokyo indicated Japan's concern over approval of the bill, which would lift the ban on the entry of certain Orientals into the Philippines and set a uniform annual free entry quota of 500 immigrants for each country. "I can not see any reason for Japan expressing such concern," Floor Leader Quintin Paredes said, "considering the fact that we ap proved the bill with the best of in- tentions and without meaning to discriminate against any nation." Several legislators, including As- semblyman Tomas L. Cabili, of Lanao, author of the amendment which set the immigration quota at 500, sustained Speaker Yulo and Floor Leader Paredes. "No one can deny the fact," Ca- bili said, "that much of the pro- gress and prosperity of the Phil- ippines is due to the contribution of foreign elements. The amend ment which I presented and which was approved by the Assembly fix- ing the annual immigration quota for each country at 500 was not conceived in hatred or discrimina- tion. It was rather motivated by a natural feeling of self- preserva- tion. Considering the size and po- pulation of the Philippines, we thought that the best interest of the Philippines and the foreign countries would be best served by placing the annual quota at 500. We regret deeply that some nation has misunderstood our intention," Assemblyman Agripino Escareal of Samar, said: "The immigration bill, which we approved to give the Philippines its own immigration law, has been ap- proved on second reading by the National Assembly. Under the Con- stitution, it cannot be amended in substance. '.Since we have even reduced the quota for each nation from 1,000 to 500, and the bill is certain of (Continued on page 4) SOLONS DEFEND ALIEN BILL; NIPPON CRITICAL Continued from page 1) approval, Japan can certainly : watch us do it. To me, Japan is < showing a tendency to interfere in matters that are peculiarly the con cern of the Filipinos." The bill which, when finally ap proved, shall be known as the Phil- , ippine Immigration Act of 1940, waB approved and. reported out. by the committee on bills on third rtad'ng. Pointed copies have been, distributed to assemblymen, a re quirement of the Constitution be fore the bill is finally put to a vote. Under the provisions of the Tyd- ings-McDuffie Act, the bill requires approval of the President of the United States before it can take ef fect. The bill provides in section 51, the bill shall take effect 120 days after the President of the Philip pines shall have proclaimed its ap proval by the President of the Uni ted States. However, the provisions of the measure creating the bureau of im migration and appropriating funds for its support and maintenance shall take effect on the date of the proclamation of, the President of the Philippines, By H. O. THOMPSON Tokyo, Apr. 19 (UP). — Foreign Office Spokesman Yakichiro Su- ma declined today to discuss American State Secretary Cordell Hull's expression of concern over the status or tne uutcn iast in dies on the grounds that conver sations between Japan and the Netherlands government has "fully clarified Japan's intentions." Suma said it would be "super fluous1' to comment on Hull's statement in view of the fact the Dutch government has assured Japan she has not sought and would not seek in the future any country's protection of the Dutch East Indies. The foreign office spokesman elaborated at considerable detail Japan's position on the planned Philippines immigration regula tions. "Japan has no objections to the immigration quota system if it is based on statistical records and takes into consideration our pop ulation and nonral increases of our people there," he stated. "Obviously other countries will not emigrate to the Philippines in the same numbers as Japan and China, and therefore the re gulations appear to be discrimin atory against us." Suma called attention to the big economic enterprises undertaken by the Japanese in the Philippines, especially in Mindanao, with "as tounding success." He referred to the American commission which visited the islands in 1938 and then expressed "appreciation of the contributions made by the Japanese to the development of the Philippines.'' Quoting statistics which showed that Japanese immigrants to the Philippines averaged 2,800 annual ly for the peat several years, Suma asserted that the number of Japanese immigrants would thus be reduced to one-fifth of the average present number in the event the present bill is enacted. "The Japanese government has no objection to application of im migration restrictions to all na tionalities without discrimination as proposed by the bill, but the Japanese will be hit hardest... "Because Japanese and Chinese predominate in foreign emigration to the Philippines, Japan hopes that any legislation restricting im migration will be enacted by pay ing due consideration to the actual situation." A British correspondent asked whether the Japanese government would recognize local Dutch au thorities in the East Indies should the Netherlands government cease to exist because of a possible spread of the European war. "Arita's statement refers not only to particular developments in the situation but to any develop ment accompanying aggravation of the war in Europe that may af fect the status quo of the East Indies," Suma said. "It is my understanding the Ne therlands East Indies do not re present a Dutch colonial posses sion, but form part of the royal domain, and therefore domination of the Netherlands by a belligerent or belligerents would not mean disappearance of the Netherlands East Indies from the map," ne added. He refused to discuss any further hypothetical cases. Suma was asked whether the Japanese government has lodged any protest with Great Britain re garding the detention of Danish steamers. Suma said no protest has been filed with the British government, but the foreign of fice has informed Japanese au thorities in belligerent countries of the number of Danish steamers now chartered by the Jap-anese. 