Commanta-ty on Wotld -fltiaiti The French Fleet Tragedy ty Sulla HE ruthless armed-black- diplomacy of the "Axis" Tmail achieved its crowning triumph last week in completing the enforced breach between Great Britain and France, by obliging the fleets of the two Allies to make war upon one another. It must be recognised that both Governments found themselves on the horns of an inescapable dilemma. On the one hand, the seizure or de- struction of the French fleet was a matter of vital necessity to the British, since the terms of the armistice—leaving Germany and Italy free to denounce the agreement at will—provided no guarantee agaifist its use by the enemy. In any case, Hitler's pledges are of no account whatever, as we have good reason to know. The situation bears a certain similarity to that of 1807, when Britain demanded the surrender of the Danish fleet to prevent its passing into the hands of Bonaparte. In the present case, however, there has been no violation of international law on our side: we have merely safeguarded ourselves from the dangerous effects of an armistice which is itself a technical breach of faith, since Britai» refused to consent to it." France, England and Italy O much for the British case, in which it is difficult to find a flaw. On the other hand, the S Petain Government and the fleet commanders certainly do not deserve the insults and denunciations which have been hurled against them. Honest and gallant men do not beccme cowards and traitors in a few weeks. As regards the (Government, the only fair-minded comment on their action, before and since the armistice, which I have seen was that in the "Bulletin's" leader of last week, "Alliances and Other Illusions," to which I commend my readers. At the risk of wearying you vrith repetition, I feel it is necessary to make the truth about the French viewpoint clear. In 1935, the politicians who governed France had a choice at two alternative policies. They might have rejected the British policy of Sanctions against Italy, and made a "rapprochement" with Mussolini, accepting the principles of a revision of Versailles and a. Four-Power pact. Had they done so, Britain would have been isolated, the Sanctions campaign could never have been launched, and Hitler's advance would almost certainly have been checked in its early stages. Instead, largely under the pressure ©f the Left-Wing and Masonic forces, which loathed Fascism and desired a Russian alliance, they backed the British policy—albeit,, at first, reluctantly—at this decisive turning point. Thereafter, the increasing disorganisation of the regime in France herself made any sane independent line of policy impossible. The "Follow Britain" Policy FTER Blum's rejection of A Mussolini's last offers, and the.new crisis in Spain, the chances of an Italian pact fell to nadir. No French > "deal" vyith the Duce seemed possible under thft existing regime: no change •f regime could take place, because a revolution would open the gates to the 'invader. Right and Left alike, therefore, were obliged to accept a situation in whioh France was virtually the satellite of British policy, though neither was content with it. The Left would have preferred a more active anti-Fascist policy in alliance with the Soviet: the Right would have gone farther even than Chamberlain in "appeasement," favouring a friendly neutrality towards Franco, non- interference in Chechoslovakia, a Mediterranean agreement with Italy, and a complete breach with the Soviet: while at least one section, led by Flandin, was eager for a direct understanding with Germany herself. The result was that the outbreak of war saw politioal France united, but half-heartedly so, in accepting the "follow Britain" policy as inevitable. The chief ctause of misgiving was that their only ally had failed, until the latest hour, to undertake the creation of a national army, and that the process was hardly well begun when the storm broke. This is the great reason why the Right had looked, in the recent past, to Italy, and the Left to Russia, in the hope of repressing the balance of forces. V- 1 - The Right "Change Over" HE character of the Third Republic in recent Ttimes, however, has been such that the general trend of policy, apart from a few exceptional moments, has always been towards the Left, the Right forming a permanent opposition force. Naturally enough, therefore, now that the collapse has thrown p 0wer—and undeserved discredit—upon them, they have hastened to disavow an alliance which was not of their making, in order to win the good- will of their triumphant enemy. Before condemning them for their refusal to "fight on in the colonies," it is necessary to realise what such a decision might have cost the French in France, occupied by an enemy whose ruthlessness has been shown terribly in Poland. Rightly or wrongly, they placed their hope of salvation in the fact that, once Italy's Mediterranean objects have been achieved, she has a strong interest in preserving France from ruin: while Germany is primarily concerned with "lebensraum" in the East, and with the breaking of British political and economic influence on the Continent. We must face the fact, too, that overseas France has, in general, accepted their view: and, in the circumstances, we may doubt whether the Government would have secured support for continued resistance even if it had decided to withdraw to Africa. The Sailors' Outlook S for the fleet, the refusal A of so many of its commanders and sailors to go on fighting on our side is not difficult to account for. The officer class in the services—in France as in England—is generally "Tory" in sentiment, and, hence, sympathetic with such a Government as Petain's: a large part of the crews are recruited from the most conservative regions of France—Normandy and Brittany. Apart from this, however, the decision to adhere to England means exile for themselves, perhaps for years, while their families remain as hostages in the hands of the enemy. It is to this last fact especially, I think, that we may ascribe the desperate valour with which these unhappy men have fought against their comrades in arms of yesterday. Before we judge them harshly, it is well to consider how we ourselves might act in like circumstances. Speaking for myself, I find it intolerable, when the facts are considered, 'that the English and Australian press should sneer about the French "letting us down." As for the statement of the "Herald" in last Friday's leader, that "the elements which now form the Government are the elements which were responsible for France's lack of preparedness and military disorganisation," it is demonstrably false—for these "elements" have not been in substantial control of French policy at any time since the war—or, for that matter, before it, in the present century. The Balance of Power at Sea T remains to consider what.the effect of recent I events has been on the balance of forces at sea. Had the whole French fleet been handed over, or even the main part of it, the enemy's power of attack would have been very heavily increased, for he is in a position to maintain, supply and repair them from their own bases in France. The extent to which the British may be able to do this depends largely upon whether they are able to retain control of Bizerta and Oran—Toulon, .of course, is lost. In any case, there must be a large reorganisation of the ships fighting under Vice- Admiral Muselier in Atlantic waters, and entirely fresh arrangements concerning the pay and conditions of their crews. We do not know how many vessels have fallen into the enemy's hands, but it appears that- he has seized a number of lighter craft, which may prove useful to him in any future attempt at invasion. It is unlikely that the enemy had hopes of obtaining anything like full control of the French navy, though he might conceivably have achieved more had the Italians been quicker off the mark. Unhappily, whatever his failure in other directions, he has been disastrously successful in creating bitter hostility between France and England—which seems to have been his main objective in this whole business. America, Japan, Britain I AM glad to see that the more reasonable views are being expressed, both in America and Great Britain, with regard to the necessity of an understanding with Japan. The failure of the "appeasement" policy in Europe, where it was begun too late and pursued too half-heartedly, should not lead to false conclusions regarding its prospects are roughly these: (1) Japan is in no position to seek a war with Great Britain which may involve America; she is dependent upon the United States economically to a tremendous extent, while the long Chinese war has exhausted her army and weakened the morale of her people. (2) At the same time, she is determined to use her opportunity to obtain concessions to the utmost while Britain is facing the crisis in Europe: and, if she is met with a flat rebuff at all points, the extremists may rush her into hostilities, which would be seriously embarrassing to ourselves and to America —of whose full support we cannot be certain. (3) If there are to be changes in the Far East— especially in the Dutch Indies and French Indochina—she claims a right to a predominant voice in any decisions which may be taken; a claim which is not unreasonable in view of the fact that she is the chief Power in all this region, and that immense economic interests of hers are involved. (4) A real peace in the Far East, on terms which accord recognition to the "New Order," will defeat Germany's attempts to draw Japan into the "Axis," and free the American fleet for action in the Atlantic if required. The Burma Road Question N these circumstances, it seems hardly credible I that a new "crisis" should be allowed to develop over the supplies to Chiang Kai-shek through Burma. However great our sympathies may be with the Government of Chungking, our danger is surely much too great to allow of hesitation in a comparatively small matter upon which such great issues turn. Japan, as the "Times" Tokyo correspondent points out, has no desire to be involved in Western hostilities, but will no longer stand any foreign frustration of her plans to end the Chinese war. The time seems to have come for more than piecemeal concessions. We need a large- scale agreement, whose terms—so far as concerns America— were recently suggested by Mr. Duncan Hall: a renewal of the American-Japanese Treaty, the removal of the immigration ban (which hurts Japanese "face"), and the recognition of Manchukuo. It was announced last week that Prince Konoye had sent a "good-will message" to Australia. Let us hope that his good-will may be reciprocated at Canberra, and that the Commonwealth Government will use all its influence with Great Britain in favour of a peace settlement which means so much to the security and future of our people. France and Syria N view of the ghastly story I of the British "Mandate" in Palestine, it is somewhat comic to find our press shaking its head over the French failure to "make good" in Syria. This has been caused by the mixture, of sporadic oppression and general want of decision or realism, which has been a reflection of the halting of "democratic" policies between the older capitalist imperialism and new qualms of conscience—with which, in the case of France, was mingled the anti-clerical folly of an early military Governor, Sarrail, who turned the whole country in seething fury against him. The surrender, of France, and the acceptance of it by General Mittelhauser, has thrown the whole future of this area in the melting pot. Great Britain has declared that she will not allow any foreign intervention there; but it looks as though she might be prepared to "do a deal" with Turkey in the matter of its future—unless Ismet Inonu would prefer to arrange matters with the "Axis." My guess is that* however the question is fixed, the Turk is going to be master here again in the next few years. ? Churchill Lebrun Petain Hiranuma Weygand 