In the Grip of Winter Cold Dominates War (Daily War Commentary Issued by the Department of Information) Europe is still in the grip of the most severe winter in living memory. The straits around Denmark which link the Baltic with the North Sea are frozen over and motor services are operating between various islands of the Danish Arcihipeligo, while ice boat transport is being: used across the great belt between Denmark and Sweden. This severe weather is a dominat ing factor in the military situation in Europe at the moment. It is hold | ing up supplies to Germany from ' South-Eastern Europe and Russia owing to the freezing of the Danube : and the disorganisation of rail transport. It has interfered with the supply of Swedish iron ore owing to the freezing, first of the i Gulf of Bothnia and subsequently j of the straits through which the ore- . laden ships travelling from Port | Narvik, Norway, are forced to pass I to reach many German ports. Russia's Chance Cold is also restricting activity on the Western Front, but it is in Fin land that it is having a major ef fect. The reasons for Russia's de termination to complete the Finnish campaign before the spring is that the freezing weather is regarded as more favourable for the invading j army than conditions which would obtain after the thaw, when lakes , and swamps offer serious obstacles to mobility of any kind. Temperatures over 80 degrees below freezing point have resulted in an enormous wastage of Russian lives as Russian troops, at any rate at the outset of the campaign, were less well equipped against cold than the Finns. The freezing of the Gulf of Finland and the Gulf of Bothnia has put an end for the time being to Russian naval activity off the Finnish coast and forced Russia to rely on aerial bombing in an ^ at tempt to disrupt communications between Finland and Sweden. Iran Oilfields The arrival of the Australian and- New Zealand forces in Egypt - and Palestine has focussed -atten- | tion on Britain's strategic position in the Middle East. One of the most important of these is, the sup ply of oil which Britain draws from Iran, and which constitutes an im portant part of Britain's total im ports of oil. ? ' Those oilfields which have so far been developed lie inland from the Persian pulf and are connected by a pipe line with (Basra, where the refineries are situated: From here the oil is shipped abroad. The present Anglo-Iranian Oil Company had its origin in a permit which was granted to W. K. Darcy, a Queenslander, by the Persian Government in 1901 (Persia is tlhe nanie by which Iran was formerly known). This permit entitled him to search for, exploit and sell pet roleum for 60 years throughout the Persian Empire. ' The Anglo-Persian O'il Co. took over the concession in 1909 and the British Government acquired rn in terest of £2,000,000 in the com pany's stock in 1914. This was to ensure a supply of oil fuel for the British navy. This holding ihas been increased on several subsequent oc casions. ? Pipelines Cut In 1915 the pipe lines were cut at the instigation of Turkey, and fighting between British and Turk ish forces took place in Iran. After the war an agreement concerning oil concessions was signed by Bri tain and Iran and a further modi fied agreement was reached in 1933, after negotiations through the League of Nations. At present the British Govern ment receives four shillings on every ton of petroleum sold in Iran and 20 per cent, of the company's annual profits distributed in excess of £671,250 a year. The. staff on the oilfields is re cruited from Iranians as far as possible. The company's conces sions will run to 1993. Situation in Palestine The arrival of Australian troops in Palestine emphasises^ the _ trans formation of the situation in the Middle East as compared with the circumstances of the last war. Then Palestine, in conjunction with Arabia, Syria and Mesopotamia, were enemy territory and a long campaign with the Turks was need ed for their conquest. To-day Turkey is friendly to the Allies and other Middle Eastern countries are either under British or French control or are allied with, or at least well disposed towards the Western Powers. Since the publication of the British White Paper on Palestine that country has settled down and differences between the Jewish and Arab population appear to be on the way towards solution. British White Paper There has been no serious dis turbances for a long period. Pub lication of the White Paper on May 17, 1939, followed the failure of negotiations in London between the British Government and re presentatives of the Jews in Pales tine and other countries and be tween the British Government and representatives of the Arab popula tion of Palestine and neighbouring Arab States. - ; Britain's aim was stated to be independence for Palestine within 10 years, during which the British Government would retain respon sibility for the government of the country, but would gradually in crease the importance of the admi nistrative work which would be handed over to Jews and Arabs. Five years after the establish ment of peace and order, repre sentative bodies, it was- proposed, should review the transitional ar- j rangements for the creation of an independent Palestine in treaty re lations with the United Kingdom with adequate regard' to the se curity of the Holy Places and re ligious rights, the protection of , various communities, strategic con siderations and respects for foreign interests. It was proposed to allow the immigration of not more than 75,000 Jews overdue next five years, whereupon the Jews would repre sent one third of the population and further immigration would re quire the concurrence of the Arabs. The High Commissioner would be given power to prohibit and regu late the transfer of land to prevent control of too much property pass ing into Jewish hands. While both Jews and Arabs protested against the proposals they were approved by vote in the Commons. The permanent Mandates Com mission of the League of Nations offered certain criticisms and sug gested that the terms might_ be modified in certain directions. However, the policy outlined has been implemented to a certain ex tent. On the whole it was well ac cepted by the population of Pales tine. German Anxiety For some days now reports have indicated that Germany may be urging Russia to make peace with Finland The desire for a truce does not spring from a feeling of sym pathy with the Finns in their gal lant struggle, but rather from mo tives of self-interest. Germany for some time has been doubtful of the extent of- essential war supplies which Russia is able to provide. Now Russia is herself expending large quantities of oil and muni tions, the replacement of which must cut down raw materials avail able for export. . Secondly, the Russian transport system, on which trade with Ger many ultimately depends, is notori ously under-developed and the strain of maintaining supplies for a large army on the Finnish front must further curtail the meagre re sources of rolling stock. Finally, we may wonder whether Germany is not, in spite of Hitler's protesta tions of friendship for Russia, rather suspicious of her eastern neighbour. Should Finland fall beneath Rus sian domination, the independence of Sweden anight soon be jeopar dised and Sweden's iron ore depo sits be in danger of falling under Russian control. This would in crease Germany's dependence . on an ally whom she must continue to re gard as rather uncertain b - 