U,S. ALARMED BY ACTIVITY OF NAZIS AT DAKAR From Our Special Representative ai )jl Australian Associated Press NEW; YORK, Thursday. The uneasiness with v,. (hich the United States regards the fact that Braa rl juts to the East only 1800 miles from Africa is hi lightened by the reports of Nazi activities at Dakar. ' The New York "Herald Tribune' : describes the reports as ominous, be- 1 cause Dakar possesses a modern aero drome — previously the eastern 'base for French transatlantic planes. "Nazi possession of Dakar would be most dangerous," says the "Herald 'l'ribune." "It would permit control of the sea route from South America to Brllnin, thus forcing freighters to divert their courses and lose 10 to 12 days with vita foodstuffs and materials. "Dakar Is also strategically located for a headquarters for Fifth Column and other activities. all over Africa. "Dakar is one of the keys not only in the coming struggle for Africa, but for South America. "It is Africa's eastern Suez." New Air Service Mr. W. J. H. Trott, in the Legis lative Assembly of Bermuda, declared thai Pan- American Airways wns con sidering a service from New York to Poj'to Rico, Paraguay and Dakar, calling at Bermuda and linking with British services in North and .South Africa. The Secretary of the Treasury (Mr. Henry Morgenthiuil has revealed thai British tank experts are advising U.S. Army officials on tank construction and design. They hnvc nlrnady given Ihe War Department valuable in formation on technical problems. The experts include Brigadier- General D. H. Pratt, who commanded the tank battalion in the Baltic of Flanders. The Reconstruction Finance Cor poration has made informal but. defi nite commitments for loans up to 200.000,000 dollars (£62,000,000 Aus tralian) for new aircralt factories. About 8,000,000 (£2,500,000) is going to ihc Packard Company to enable it to expand facilities to carry out its contract to build Rolls Roycc aircraft engines.- Profiteering Probe A New York special Grand Jury operating under the anti-trust laws is investigating suspicions that a na tional armament combine is hamper ing thevoutput of war materials and pushing" prices to exorbitant levels. One phase of the inquiry deals with a belief that price fixation is the re sult of an agreement between Ameri can armament manufacturers and Axis patent-holders, including ivi Uj/p o. Investigation was started quietly, because the Government discovered that artificially high prices were re quested by all industrialists invited to bid for certain materials. Assistant-Attorney-General Isscks, conducting the inquiry, declined to divulge the names of persons ques tioned. but it is learned that the in- dusties concerned are those handling machine- tools, electrical goods, glass, chemicals, aeroplanes alloys and metals, pneumatic electrical pumps and road-building materials. Important commodities involved include wing fabric and magnesium alloy prohibitive prices for which have interfered with the export of planes to Europe and helped Ger many to maintain her air superiority. The use of magnesium alloy can re duce the weight of planes by one- third. giving a corresponding increase in speed and range. Confiscation Hint One manufacturer is reported to have told tlie Government that lie could reduce his price 60 per cent, if the cost of materials were reduced. Newspapers hint that Mr. Roosevelt may confiscate patent rights on the grounds that they are vital to the United States. G-Men are investigating whether sabotage caused a fire which broke out in the Norwegian steamer Lista. oar- lying a heavy undisclosed cargo to Liverpool. The ship sailed last night. Tugs at tempted lo tow her to New York after the fire, but the flames spread an il the ship was grounciea m me oU ler harbor. j Yhe crew was taken off. 1 die Immigration Committee of tlie Hd frse of Representatives has approv ed ! a bill to permit 200,000 children uni fer 16 years of age to enter the Un itod States for two years under temporary visitors' visas. | Captain Decorated '£ he Navy Cross, for distinguished sen See has' been awarded to Captain J. J. j. Gainard. of the steamship City of I flint. || hie City of Flint, owned by the U.a.\ Maritime Commission, was. seiz ed :ij\ mid-Atlantic by a German poc ket . battleship on October 9, while bod i id for Liverpool with general can't o. A prize crew, also the sur vive! Is of the British freighter Stone- gaU . ,sunk six days earlier were put uboi, td. The Danish flag was hoisted, and -Uie name "Alf" painted over the Amei lean markings. At fromsoe, Norway, tlie Norwe gian flag was hoisted, and the. ship prod eded to the Russian Arctic port of i lunnan.sk. The centre of a di- plomi ttic battle between Washington, 13KJ1JI Vv wjuatutv one nu Maun isund on November 3 without pernil tsion and was taken out of contn, |l of tlie German prize crew by a Nd rweginn warship. J Farley Resigns ft is ' announced from Hyde Park (the I (resident's family seat) that tlie Do ft master-General (Mr. James A. Far! ry) has resigned from Cabi net. ji Is resignation will take effect August C'H. I As iciiairmnn of the Democratic Nntional! Convention since 1932, Mr. Farley \ s largely responsible for put ting Mi '. RoosevelL into the White . House ni lid keeping a majority of the Dcmocrs itic party loyal despite Mr. Rooseve) t's departures from party principle, i. Mr. Fa.SJey, who is 52, has been in public ii. le since 1912. An Irish- Aniericam . lie is tlie shrewdest politi cal strata Wist in the United States. He lias travelled more miles and shaken re pre hands than any other three nnti'hnal leaders put together. His all! (tiide to the President has cooled df wing tlie past two years, and he r.yis known to feel that a third tern: t. for Mr. Roosevelt would not be ifii tlie best interests of the Democratic'. Party. I cuiipiiuil lOOUC Tlie Sen: f e passed, by 71 votes to 7, . and sent, it » the House a bill empow ering Presi lent Roosevelt to mobilise 360,000 Nail sonal Guardsmen (mili tia) and A Ony reservists for a year of active m ilitary service. Tlie way has: thus been cleared for n debate— j irobably starting to- mor row—on u tie controversial Civilian Conscriptio n Bill. Army cli iefs plan to call up 59,409 Guardsmc.'i.i immediately the Mobili sation Biff i s enacted. Tile Beeiv tary of the Navy (Colonel Frank Knov 7 ims asked Congress to authorise ti: «. Navy Marine Corps to hold new n remits for an indefinite period durir, re any war or "declared national enn (rgency" instead of pre sent eniistnii pit periods. 