I LIFE IN BELGIUM UNDER NAZI DOMINATION People's Sympathy Is With Britain LONDON, October 1. A contributor to "The Times," who, after five years in France resided in Brussels during August and early Sep- tember, declares that most of the thousands of uniformed German men and women dominating the life of Brus- sels are tired and war weary. "This statement is not based on wishful thinking," he writes. "One rarely heard among the German occu- piers any high-flown phrases about vic- tory, greatness, or invincibility. On the contrary they show surprising non- confidence in the German propaganda. "I heard a German officer say it would be impossible for the Germans to invade and defeat England. He added: 'Our people don't know the Eng- lish, but I've spent many years in their country.' "German soldiers frequently express detestation of this war and want to return home. "One at first wonders whether this is not an astute new form of propa- ganda but is soon convinced. The soldiers are seriously demoralised and do not want to fight. They are easily induced to profess no great sympathy for the Nazi Government and obviously have no firm faith in ultimate victory. They criticise the occupation of Den- mark and Norway and also wonder what they are doing in Belgium, which will never be German anyway. "Although the Germans in Brussels are sick of the war and most of them are not really Nazis it is too much to conclude that weariness, disgust, and general disapproval of the war is suf- ficient to provoke open revolt. They are gripped by terror and never find the strength or will power themselves to oppose their Nazi leaders. DEFEATED BY TREACHERY. "The Belgian people now feel they were defeated by treachery. Despite the German propaganda, they do not believe the British betrayed them. The Belgians listen to the B.B.C., risking a heavy penalty. Servants, tram conduc- tors, and people of all classes pass on choice broadcast news items as quickly as possible. All listen with delight for the sound ot British planes coming to bomb the Germans in their midst. They are fearful of their own safety, but many take comfort in prayers, in- cluding prayers that the bombs are truly aimed against a common enemy "The Belgians show their real sym- pathy at every opportunity. When a horse named Brittanique won a race near Brussels on September 1 the crowd unrestrainedly roared: 'Brittainique! Brittanique! ' and clapped one another on the back acting as though they had not merely won money but had re- ceived a welcome sign from Heaven." FRANCE PERSECUTES JEWS. LONDON, October 1. The Vichy correspondent of the Brit- ish United Press states: "The council of Ministers has completed a draft of a Jewish statute, which is the first racial legislation in French history. It creates different categories of Jews according to their birth. French-born Jews who served with the armed forces are most favoured and are receiving the same treatment as other French- men. Newly-arrived Jewish immi- grants are debarred from professions and are subject to other disabilities." DANISH PREMIER ON "LIBERTY." COPENHAGEN, October 2. The Premier (M. Stauning), speak- ing in Parliament, said: "One task overshadows everything-the securing of Denmark's independence and pre- serving the people's liberty. Parliament is rallying to this cause and will do the job." 