This Was the Position as We Went to Press Aerial Warfare. THE air continues to be the principal phase of the war and during the week further fights for supremacy were under- taken, The Royal Air Force Bomber Command has flown more than 100,000 miles in flights over Germany, Austria, Czecho- slovakia and Poland since the outbreak of war. In three battles over the western front on March 26 British planes were success- ful over German planes, although heavily outnumbered. Seven British pilots were reported to have encountered 31 enemy machines. Altogether, five were destroyed with possibly two more. Flying Officer E. Kain, of New Zealand, became a crack "ace" of the R.A.F. when he claimed two victims, bringing his total for the war to five, which is a record among fighter pilots. He was himself shot down but escaped with minor wounds. British reconnaissance flights over the North Sea and north-west Germany were continued, an enemy patrol ship being bombed and sunk. A Royal Air Force plane was shot down over Heligoland Bight and two others did not return. A German raider off the north-east coast of Scotland was de- stroyed. The raider was the 48th German 'plane destroyed over or near Britain since the outbreak of war. Reports stated that R.A.F. and naval planes and anti- aircraft guns have altogether shot down a total of 129 planes and have crippled a further 44. Dutch planes brought down a British machine near Rotterdam on March 28. It landed in flames and one of the airmen was killed. Four Britons were arrested. In addition, Belgian anti-aircraft guns went into action against foreign planes, the identity of which has not been estab- lished. On March 29 British and German air- craft again crossed the North Sea and several clashes occurred. All British machines returned safely but there were two German losses. Aircraft of the New Zealand squadron in the R.A.F. Bomber Command flew over Germany on March 27 for the first time. The first unit of Polish planes has Joined the French forces at the western front. On March 29 German bombers attacked a British convoy but the Admiralty stated that they were driven off without inflict- ing any damage. In describing the at- tack, German reports state- that six large merchant ships were hit, one was set on fire and an escorting warship was sunk. Royal Air Force fighter patrols in France engaged strong formations of enemy planes on the western front on March 29. The enemy machines were driven back into their own territory. British fighters drove off enemy planes approaching the Shetland Islands on March 31. British fighters In France are puzzled at the unwillingness of the pilots of the Messerschmitts 110 to put up a fight. British fighters brought down a num- ber of Germany's much-vaunted JTJ88 bombers which Nazi Germany believed would be too fast and manoeuvrable for Allied pilots to cope with. The employment of "1O0 octane" fuel has increased the efficiency of British fighters as it increases speed by 20 miles an hour. On April 1 R.A.F. planes bombed Nazi patrol vessels in the North Sea and wrecked a Junkers machine. One British plane was missing . Reconnaissance flights have become more numerous throughout the week. Northern Defence. THE problem of northern defence and the implications of the Swedish Iron ore question are assuming greater im- portance. Nazi Germany indignantly protested against Britain's interference with Ger- many's seaborne trade, particularly with regard to that with Scandinavian coun- tries. The German Press reported that every attack violated Scandinavian neu- trality and stressed the "strong protests" lodged by offended neutrals. Norway has protested against the al- leged violation of territorial waters by a British destroyer on March 22. Economic results of the war on north em neutrals is seen in Denmark's imposi- tions of taxes to combat her increasingly adverse trade balance. In the Danish Parliamezit on March 25 the Prime Min- ister (M. St anning) expressed the na- tion's sorrow at the sinking of Danish ships which was threatening the nation's economy. The financial situation, he said, had deteriorated because of the large expenditure on defence. New taxes which came into force on March 25 included a duty of 10 per cent on importe except corn, fodder, oil seed, coal, iron, timber and certain staple com- modities, also a 10-per cent tax on a wide range ol retail sales. Endeavouring to defeat the extension of the British blockade to cut off Ger- many's iron ore and other imports from Scandinavia, the Germans have commis- sioned a number of small tramp steamers that will be able to hug the Norwegian coast during the voyage from Narvik. Germany once again stated that she would not Allow neutrals to become "moral accomplices" of the Western Powers. Reports'have indicated that the war At sea, particularly in Scandinavian wat ers, is to be intensified. Germany is endeavouring to promote irritation with the Allies throughout the northern coun- tries to counter increased Allied activity. She is also uttering threats in the new propaganda campaign that if neutrals support the Western Powers they will ex- perience a new wave of terrorism. Referring to Germany's demand that neutrals should regard armed British merchantmen as warships, a spokesman of the Danish Government declared on March 28 that Denmark did not intend to change her attitude to defensively armed merchantmen, because they did not infringe the Danish, Swedish or nor- wegian neutrality regulations or those of the wider international conventions. Fig- ures of -Sweden's iron ore exports prove that the British blockade and ice condi- tions throughout the winter have struck a severe blow at German imports. Reports stated that Sweden has ord- ered from the United States 395 fighter planes. Tbe island of Gotland (in the Baltic, between Sweden and Latvia) is being converted into one of the strong- est military bases in the Baltic. It will be equipped with numerous coastal bat- teries and aerodromes. Norwegian reports stated on April 1 that the export of Swedish iron ore via Narvik to Germany since the outbreak of war was only a fraction of the peace- time trade. Norway,-it was stated, was not supplying raw materials to Germany only as Britain has agreed. Her policy is neutral. The Western Front. TO date there has been no outstand- ing engagement on the front. Con- ditions were reported generally quiet on March 27 as far as actual fighting was concerned. British troops took over a new sector in front of the Maginot Line forts, in extension of the one held previ- ously by them. It was declared on March 26 that Ger- man motorised units were only 18 miles from the Belgium and Dutch frontiers. German activity and military disposi- tions were seen as indications of a fresh menace to those countries and the Ger- man allegations of Royal Air Force vio- lations of Dutch territory as a pretext for increasing pressure on them. A French patrol penetrated well into German territory, bringing back interest- ing information relating to the enemy's defences. A message from Basle stated that, "by unofficial agreement," both French and Germans have installed electric light- houses on the banks of the .Rhine, six miles north of Basle, in order to warn their own and enemy planes of Swiss territory. For the first time since the outbreak of war, the Croix de Guerre was awarded to a woman. She was Mlle. Kurtz, an Alsatian, who was wounded while driving an ambulance on the western front. A German broadcast on March 28 stated that the Siegfried Line is still un- finished. Machine-gun fire along the Vosges, in Upper Alsace, was reported on March 31. In local encounters west of the Vosges, Germans suffered losses, and prisoners were taken. On March 31 two German attacks against French outposts were repulsed, a number of attackers being killed, and others taken prisoner. Heavy guns took part in violent artillery duels in the Vosges, and eastward of the Saar, on March 31. A number of German minor infantry raids were also attempted, but withdrew without losses. War at Sea. THE war at sea is still being waged with merciless ferocity by the Nazis but re- prisals are swifter than ever before. After five months' service in distant waters the aircraft-carrier Ark Royal (22,000 tons) returned to an English port. The Ark Royal was repeatedly claimed by the Germans to have been sunk. While hunting for the German pocket battleship Admiral Graf Spee and other enemy ves- sels, her planes surveyed 5,000,000 square miles of the Atlantic Ocean. One of the principal reasons for the scuttling of the Admiral Graf Spee was because the crew refused to take the ship to sea out of Montevideo where it would meet waiting British warships. Officers appealed to the crew eight times and this was followed by a personal appeal of the commander (Captain Hans Langsdorff) without avail. The officers protested against the decision to scuttle the ship and called for volunteers but only 60 stepped forward. A German submarine which ran ashore on the west coast of Norway has been in- terned by the Norwegian authorities. The submarine was discovered aground on March 27. It was helped off by a German trawler and towed by a Norwegian war- ship to port. The German Legation de- manded the release of the submarine on the grounds that it took refuge in Nor- wegian waters because of heavy weather, but investigations showed that it ran aground because of faulty navigation. Announcements on March 27 stated that seven men were killed and several were mlsisng as a result of an explosion on the destroyer La Railleuse (1,378 tons) at an unnamed port. Armed sentries guarded all neutral car- goes and vessels at Grimsby and Hull on March 28. The crews of all neutral ships in each coast port were forbidden to go ashore or to receive visitors. Fifteen members of the scuttled Ger- man liner Columbus (32,565 tons) left on March 28 by the Japanese liner Tatuta Maru on their way back to Germany by Japan and Russia. One British ship and four neutral ves- sels were lost as a result of enemy action during the week ended March 31. British warships last week intercepted the Ger- man steamer Mimi Horn (4,007 tons) in northern waters. She was set on fire and scuttled by her crew. Admiralty reports state that German U-boats are being sunk at such a rate that Germany is finding difficulty in re- placing them. Allied and neutral victims throughout the week included:-Britain: Daghestan (5,742 tons), Castlemoor (6,974), Barnhill (5,439). Holland: Protimus. Norway: Cometa (3,794), Burgos (3,220). M. Reynaud Broadcasts. TN a broadcast to his own nation and Great Britain on March 26, the new French Prime Minister (M. Reynaud) declared that France's war objective remained defeat of the enemy. It was not enough to resist invasion, he said. It was as well the Government's duty to make war in many domains. "We will have to fight hard, work hard, and suffer hard," he said, "but we will win." "I have established a War Cabinet of nine, as the core of the Government," he went on. "That is enough for delibera- tion, and not too many for action. Our decisions will be weighed, and our ac- tions prompt. We have created the necessary instrument, and we are going to use it." M. Beynaud's speech was reported to have stirred Britain. London paid tribute to the energy and vitality it revealed, and emphasised the passages in which the French Prime Minister advocated the prosecution of a "total" war. Russia's Course. TN a speech on March 29 the Soviet Prime Minister (M. Molotov), while accusing Britain and France of hostility towards Russia, and warning Norway and Sweden against a defensive alliance with Finland, declared that Russia would not participate in a "big war." Britain and France, he said, sought to ratify their hostile acts against Russia on the ground that the Soviet was help- ing Germany in the war against Britain and France by trading with her. These arguments were worthless, for German Rumanian trade was more important than Soviet-German trade, as half of Rumania's entire foreign trade goes to Germany. "The Soviet was not, and will not, be an instrument of alien policy," M. Molo- tov declared. "The Soviet has always, and will always, pursue its own policy, regardless of whether it pleases gentle- men from other countries or not." M. Molotov stated that the proposed defensive alliance between the northern countries was obviously directed against Russia under a desire for revenge, and such an alliance would be considered by Russia as an abandonment of their neutrality. Neor and Middle East. THE Turks are proving their deter- mination to avoid becoming economic vassals of Germany and to establish stronger links with the Allies. A contract awarded to a German firm for a £7,000,000 naval base and dock- yard has been cancelled and a contract is being completed whereby a British shipbuilder will supply ll merchant- men costing about £2,000,000. The British Ministry of Food has con- tracted to buy half of Turkey's produc- tion of sultanas totalling 37,000 tons and a quarter of her fig production totalling 700 tons. Negotiations are also in pro- gress for the purchase of a large part of the tobacco crop. Turkey is ready to place large orders in England for ma- chinery. Increasing numbers of British soldiers are arriving in Palestine and the troops are settling down to earnest training. The first combined manoeuvres in which Australians, New Zealanders, British, Egyptian and Indian troops participated took place on March 27. Transjordan frontier troops are also combining in exercises with the Emir Abdullah's Arab legion, giving the desert men their first experience of co- operation with British troops. British officers have begun courses at the new emergency staff college in Pales- tine. Voluntary recruiting of Palestine Jews is steadily increasing and there is wholehearted support of the inhabi- tants of the middle east for the British cause. Rumanian reports declared that Tur- key agreed to open the Dardanelles to permit an Allied blockade of Germany's Black Sea oil supply but this was later denied. Mr. Churchill Speaks. TN a broadcast on March 30, the First Lord of the Admiralty (Mr. Winston Churchill) stated that an intensification of the struggle was to be anticipated. He paid particular attention to the position of the smaller European neutrals. Mr. Churchill dealt at length with the German outrages against neutral shipping and while expressing sympathy with those countries in their plight, he declared that there could be no justice if the aggressor trampled down every sentiment of human- ity while those resisting him were en- tangled in the "tatters of violated legal conventions." "This wicked man," he said, "and the criminal regime which he has conceived and erected increasingly turn their malice on the weak, lonely and above all un- armed vessels of countries with which Germany is still supposed to be in friendly relations. Outside the shelter of the Allied navies merciless, baffled, pent-up spite is wreaked upon all who come within the Nazi clutch." Britain could take as a matter of course interpretations of neutrality which gave all the advantages to the aggressor and inflicted all the disadvantages upon the defenders of freedom, tt was not right, he went on, that the weakness of the neutrals should feed the strength of the Germans. Mr. Churchill declared that lt was no part of the Allied policy to seek war with Russia who need only be drawn into the war by her own volitation. "Our affair," he said, "is with Hitler and the Nazi German power. It is there and there alone that we seek to strike. Few there are who would doubt that the British and French peoples were right to draw the sword of justice and retribution." Swedish iron ore being shipped at the port of Narvik. The Balkans. ITALIAN press reports stated that as a result of talks between the Hungarian Foreign Minister (Count Teleki), Musso- lini and Count Ciano (Italian Foreign Minister) the Italo-Hungarian collabora- tion for the preservation of Balkan and Danubian peace will be strengthened. Since 1936 Greece has built an elabo- rate system of fortifications known as the Metaxas Line. The line includes 3,000 de- fence works, gun emplacements and machine-gun nests. On March 28 all British envoys in south-eastern Europe and the Ambassador to Turkey were called to London to con- fer with the Forengn Secretary (Viscount Halifax). This followed France's de- cision to call home her envoys for con- sultation. Attention was drawn to the prospect of an Allied drive in the Balkans pivoting around Rome which is taken to be pro- mised by the rare move of calling home the envoys. Anglo-French Unity. AFTER the meeting of the Supreme War Council in, London on March 28 a communique was issued containing a new declaration of Anglo-French unity. It was declared that the two countries undertook not to negotiate or conclude an armistice or treaty of peace except by mutual agreement. Peace terms were not to be discussed before reaching com- plete agreement on conditions necessary to ensure to each an effective and last- ing guarantee of their security. After the war, they undertook to maintain community of action in all spheres so long as was necessary to safe- guard their security and effect an inter- national reconstruction ensuring liberty, peace and respect for law. The Anglo-French declaration was regarded as a final firm warning to Nazi Germany that the Allies intend to fight until they secure the objects for which they took up arms. Finland's Policy. A NEW Finnish Government was formed, with M. Ryti as Prime Minis- ter. The other members of the Govern- ment include:-Foreign Affairs, Profes- sor Rolf Witting; Public Welfare, M. Tanner; Defence, General Rudolf Wal- den; Finance, M. Pekkala; Education, Pastor Kukkonen. In a speech on March 27 the Prime Minister set out the Government's policy. This included immediate reconstruction, peace, and neutrality as the foreign policy; an endeavour to find a livelihood for the homeless -without immigration; reorganisation of Finland's defences; compensation for the loss of the country's industry; agriculture and com- munications; rebuilding of trade, and industry and stabilisation of finances. The Allies' Blockade. SPEAKING in the House of Commons on April 2 the British Prime Minister (Mr. Chamberlain) declared that the Allies were determined to prosecute the economic war to the utmost. The blockade of Germany would be con- tinued and intensified in every possible way. The Allies were also seeking by means of trade agreements with Euro- pean neutrals to prevent essential com- modities from reaching the enemy. An official bulletin issued on April 1 stated that the whole field of economic warfare was being thoroughly surveyed with a view to stopping such gaps in the blockade as still existed. Measures had already been taken to cut off Germany's imports from Scandinavian countries, "and it can be assumed that the Allied watch in these waters will become in- creasingly vigilant and effective." The operation of the blockade in the Pacific was mentioned and it was stated that the question of supplies reaching the enemy from Balkan States would be fully examined. Canadian Elections. IN the Canadian elections on March 26 the Liberal Government of the Prime Minister (Mr. Mackenzie King) was returned to power. The victory was regarded as the public endorsement of the Government's war policies. Mr. Mackenzie King and the members of his Cabinet were re-elected at the expense of his chief opponent Dr. Manion (the Leader of the Conservative Opposition). Here and There. A DECLARATION that the United M States opposed any compromise by the democracies with the totalitarian countries, and that the States would ultimately go to war on the side of the Allies, are contained in an amazing bundle of documents which the German Foreign Office has handed to American newspaper representatives. It is stated that the documents were found in the Polish Foreign Office when the Nazis entered Warsaw. Australia's new cruiser, H.M.A.S. Perth, steamed into Sydney Harbour on March 31\. Since the war began, the Perth has been on active service, and has covered more than 50,000 miles, and has been at sea for longer than most of the other ships in the allied navies. 