Reception to Mr. and Mrs. S. Wynn Last Saturday evening, Melbourne Zionists tendered a welcome to Mr. and Mrs. S. Wynn^ and a large crowd filled the Herzl Hall. Mr. Ginsburg, President of the J.N.F. was in the Chair and amongst those present were Rabbi and Mrs. Freedman Dr. Laserson, a recent arrival here, Dr. !Lowy, who will shortly be making his home here after a stay in Sydney, Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Cowen, Dr. and Mrs. A. Patkin, and many others, including many ladies introduced to WIZO work .by Mrs. Wynn when slit^was here re cently^ as Mrs. A. Bension WIZO emis sary. Her popularity was evinced by the large numbers who cordially (some even affectionally) greeted her before the reception commenced. A convivial atmosphere characterised the proceedings. Rabbi Freedman gave the first address of the evening, in wel coming the guests of honor .back to Mel bourne. His moving address pointed out the importance of Palestine at the present time. Dr. Lowy, in his address, drew atten tion to a number of highly important points. He referred to the fact that in the months of warfare, 15,000 have entered Palestine as legal immigrants, and all the Jewish inhabitants of Pa lestine are pro-British. He gave an in stance of this when he referred to an A.R.P. folder he had recently received from Tel Aviv calling on Jews to enlist in the Jewish Units to help defend the Empire as well as Palestine and Jewry He emphasized that work for Palestine is a Patriotic contribution to the Em pire’s war effort, because Palestine un doubtedly will be an important theatre of war in the near future. His conclud ing remarks that upbuilding would be redoubled and would continue despite any destruction by the enemy were most moving. Mr. Cowen drew distinction between the interest in Zionism of the Southern and Northern groups and deprecated the apparent apathy of the Southern section. Mr. B. Patkin also spoke. Mr. Wynn gave a splendid reply, in which he also paid tribute to the hero ism of the Jewish people, in the war that began in 1933, and especially at the present time in Tel Aviv' etc. duiing air-raids. He also stressed the need for continued upbuilding, for Palestine is for Jewry the only hope. Mrs. Wynn also spoke, and her ad dress was one of the brilliant speeches of recent times. It was a pity that those who could most profit from it were not there. In the course of this address she read some extracts from an astonishing let ter sent here by a child of 15 years or a little less who had entered Palestine very recently as a Youth Aliyah mig rant. This letter did much to show the “worthwhile” side of the Youth Aliyah work and object. She, too, emphasized that Palestine work is essentially patriotic work, owing to the importance of Palestine to the Empire and the Empire’s “lifeline” Referring to the suggested formation of a Jewish Army, she pointed out that antagonists of Che idea should realize that the considerable numbers of Jews, willing to fight, who wojild normally fight as Dutch, Danish, French or Polish JeWs, etc. etc., are in the posi-' tion of being restricted. She emphasized the reported anti-Semitism evidenced among the Polish Army in Britain, and said that with the existence of a Jewish Army, such occurrences would be non existent. The whole address was very moving and its data very absorbing. There were numerous musical and other items, and the evening closed with the National Anthem and Hatikvah. 