Vocational Retraining Of Refugees LONDON, Fob. 13th. Special conside? ration: i&.to be given to the great dilli culties facing the younger generation of refugees whose training and re-eini gration from European countries was until the. war part of the; general, emi gration schemes .of Jews from,Germany, Although the number of countries where training Centres for youhg , re fugees, from Germany cah be’ maintain-' ed had, owing to various, technical and political reasons, to be 'Considerably re duced during recent years, the scope of refugee training, was, and Still is, steadily expanding. In spite, of difficul ties, young people' continue to be brought from Germany-to neutral coun tries, where they undergo a thorough training in agriculture and other useful pursuits. Since the outbreak of war at least 500 children and young people between the ages of 14 and .25 have succeeded in escaping from the Third Reich and reaching such training cent res, and efforts are now being made to bring 1,200 more out of Germany. The Joint Distribution Committee is also trying to establish a “'training centre in Vilna for a large number of young refugees who had been expelled from Germany before the outbreak of war and who had been receiving their training at' a Hechalutz farm near War saw. LARGE NUMBER OF CENTRES FOR RE-TRAINING EXIST Hachsharah training centres, Mr. S. Adler-Rudel, the well-known, expert on vocational retraining, stated in an in terview with the J.T.A., now existed ,in Holland, Denmark, Sweden and Eng land. The number of people .in training at the end of 1939 was 3,71.3, includ ing about 1,000 Youth Aliyah children between the ages of 14 and. 17. “You must have been startled,” Mr. Adler-Rudel said, “by recent reports about groups of trainees travelling, by air from one country to another. This certainly seems to be quite an unusual and costly form of transportation.: But it gives you an idea of present- difficul ties due both to the refusal of some countries to grant transit visas to our young people and to the temporary .transport dislocations. These and sim 'ilar difficulties have put new heavy bur dens on those responsible for the smooth functioning of our institutions. At the same time, they have considerably in creased the.financial burden, of.the dif ferent Jewish bodies' supporting our retraining work. “About 8,000 persons have undergone retraining in our different centres since the beginning of the Nazi regime in Ger many,” Mr. Adler-Rudel continued, “and about 4,500 of them have been settled permanently as farmers or arti sans in new countries. The majority, about 85 per cent, .settled in Palestine the remained went to other overseas countries. There were at one time train ing centres in not less than eleven dif ferent countries* but from 1938 on ward one country after the; other felt unable to offer training facilities any longer. This development, resulted on the other hand, in a marked intensifica tion of retraining work in the countries where such wOrli is still possible. “While until 1938 on the average a thousand refugees were trained every year in our centres,” Mr. Adler-Rudel went on, “there were 1,500 in training during the year 1938, and in 1939 this figure jumped to over 3,500. 4,774 trainees passed through our institutions up to January 1st, 1938. 4,000 had left for Palestine and other countries dur ing that period. 544 people concluded their training in 1938 and 719 new comers joined the camps. To the balance of 949, 2,64 new trainees were added from January 1st., 1939, until the out break of, war, Of • the new trainees, 1,100 Were admitted, to England: In ad dition, there were '500 children• of the Youth Aliyah, bringing the total up to 3,7 i 3,;. . ‘ CENTRAL COUNCIL FOR JEWISH Refugees provide funds “The funds for financing this vast net work of draining centres, for the main enance of the trainees and for their re , emigration to the countries of perman ent., settlement are provided by tl\e Joint Distribution Committee, the Cen tral Council for Jewish Refugees and" local committees in the different coun tries of: training, the former two organi sations contributing 50. per cent, of the total budget. Annual expenses connect ed with the maintenance of trainees, and their transportation to countries of ul timate settlement amounted on the ave rage to 10 0,000 dollars up to 1938, and they rose to 275,000 dollars in 1939, or about 78 dollars per head. "This astonishingly low figure,” Mr. Adler-Rudel, said “is explained by the fact that trainees in some countries earn normal agricultural labour wages, while in other countries collective train ing centres, though not wholly self- sup porting, are contributing substantially to.their own budget through the sale of. their produce. “Members of the training centres have been carefully selected,” Mr. Adler Rudel pointed out. “Ry their exemplary behaviour and great ability they have won the respect and sympathy of the farmers among whom they live, and in that way have' made a valuable contribution towards establishing friendly relations between the Jewish and non-Jewish sections of the population in the different countries where they are being trained. “After completing their period of training,” Mr. Adler-Rudel stated in conclusion, “the trainees are sent to Palestine and other countries of settle ment with the financial aid of the Joint Distribution Committee, the Hicem and the Palestine Offices of the respective countries, in Palestine, they, are very easily absorbed into the economic sys tem of the country, since the special knowledge they have acquired in such, fields as Dutch and Danish dairy farm ing give them a definite advantage over other categories of immigrants.” 