PERSONAL The Hungarian Premier, Count Teleki, was received by " the Holy Father on March 28." The audience lasted an hour and a half. v The Vatican "Osservatore Romano" states that the Pope conversed* with "paternal and cordial kindliness" with his "distinguished visitor, whom he had honored with his affectionate good-will ever since, on the occasion of the memorable Eucharistic Con gress of Budapest, Count Teleki had offered the first welcome of the land of the Magyars to the future Supreme Pontiff. The living memory of this important event was graciously evoked by His Holiness at the close of the. audience, when he admitted to. his presence the Hungarian^ Minister, Baron Apor, and all the members of the suite." t * * Count Teleki later spent three quarters of an hour with the Papal Secretary of State, and his visit was returned an hour later by Cardinal Maglione, who, with his colleagues, Monsignori Tardini and Montini, re mained to luncheon at the Hungarian Legation. Among the guests was. Mr. Myron Taylor, President Roosevelt's nersonal ambassador to the Holy See. ^ Signor Berardis, Italian Minister to Eire, and Signora Berardis, who have been in Rome on holiday, were re ceived in private audience by the Pope. His Holiness has known Signora Berardis since she was a child at school in the Assumption College, where he taught the Catechism class. * * Sfcr A number of German Prelates are expected to attend an International Marian Congress at Maestricht, Hol land, on August 11-15. They include Cardinal Schulte, Archbishop of Cologne, and the Bishops of Aachen and of Munster, Belgian and Luxem bourg Prelates are also to attend. i * * * There seems little or no hope now that the Nazis will allow Father C. C. Martindale, S.J., to return home from .Copenhagen, says a Rome message. At one time it was hoped that he might be permitted to join the diplo matic party which left the Danish capital. The latest report received in .London says that Father Martin dale is safe and is staying at the Jesuit College in Copenhagen. An other British Priest in Copenhagen is Father Thomas King, D.D., formerly a missionary in the Faroe Islands. He has been acting as a convent chaplain. * * * A message written in the Pope's own hand has been delivered to M. Raczkiewicz, the Polish President, by Mgr. Paccini, Papal Charge d'Affaires pith the Polish Government at Angers, in France. The Pope says that he "does not cease to pray God that He 'shall grant Poland better times in the near future." Emphasising his pater nal sentiments for the Polish nation, the Pope gives the Apostolic Benedic tion to the President and the whole Polish nation. * * * The war levy imposed by the Nazi authorities upon the Catholic Church in Germany, originally estimated at 10,000,000 marks, "now turns out to reach the astounding total of 21,000,000 marks (about £2,000,000). This is almost exactly the same as the State's annual subsidy which the Church has been receiving in accord ance with the Concordat between Ger many and the Holy See. In other words, the State subsidy has been cancelled. $ :Je $ On May 5, the Premier of "Western Australia visited the agricultural school conducted by the Christian Bro thers at Tardun, W.A. His Lordship Bishop Collins of Geraldton blessed a new convent there and the Premier opened the newly-erected recreation hall. On the same occasion, the Premier formally handed over all rights and title to the property in Tardun known as "St. Monica's," which consists of 2,600 acres, and on which a cottage has been erected by the Brothers, to Harry Dean, who has been a probationer and manager on this ,-property for the Christian Bro thers since 1935. Mr. H. Dean is one of the first batch of boys who formed the foundation pupils of the agricul tural school 12 years ago. * * * His Excellency the Apostolic Dele gate, after an absence from the Dele gation of five and a half months, dur ing which lime he visited the diocese of Western Australia and parts of the other States, left Melbourne on the 7th inst. by plane for home. The Apostolic Delegate covered over 10,000 miles in his travels. jfc H* * For reasons of economy, the Vatican will shortly generate its own electri city, hitherto supplied by 'a Roman company. The generator will cost about £50,000. There are some 500 chandeliers in St. Peter's, with any thing from 16 to 400 lights each. The bells are, worked by electricity. * * * The Diocese of Ballarat (Vic.) and its people have suffered a grievous loss by the death, at St. John of God Hospital, Ballarat, on Friday morning, April 26, of Rev. J. J. Manning, after a brief illness. Born in County Cork fifty-four years ago, Father Manning was ordained at All Hallow's College, and had given thirty years of his life to the service of God in the Ballarat Diocese. The parishes in which he labored included Koroit, St. Arnaud, Horsham, Port Fairy, Pens hurst, Ararat, Creswick, and Sea Lake. For twelve months prior to December last he was acting Parish Priest -at Creswick during the absence abroad of Rev. Father O'Rourke. Although, he suffered periods of indifferent health, his last illness—pneumonia, following a severe chill—was quite unexpected. The obsequies took place at St. Pat rick's Cathedral, Ballarat,. where a crowded congregation was present. * * * Rev. Father John Coghlan, B.A., who is Assistant Deputy Chaplain General to the forces in France, has been appointed Vicar General for the British Army. An alumnus of St. Patrick's College, Maynooth, Ireland, who took his degree at the Royal University of Ireland, Father Coghlan served in France, Flanders, and Meso potamia as chaplain in the Great War, in which he was wounded and men tioned in despatches. From 1922-25 he was with the British Army on the Rhine, later became senior chaplain successively at Malta, and with the Shanghai Defence Corps, and has served also with the Eastern Com mand. From 1932 until his ap pointment to France he was in Egypt. * * * In a letter received by Mr. T. E. Linehan, of Forestville, Rev. Brother Purton, who was compelled to take a period of rest at the end of his term as Principal of St. Patrick's College, Ballarat, states that his con valescence at St. Patrick's, Goulburn, has brought him much improvement in health. Bro. Purton desires to be remembered' to all old friends. * * I * The installation of Monsignor Michael J. Curley as the first A-xch bishop of Washington by the Apos-. tolic Delegate, Archbishop Cicog nani; in St. Matthew's Cathedral, Washington, centres two Archbishop rics in one person on an equal foot ing for the first time in the history of' the United States. Archbishop Curley remains Ordinary of the Archdiocese of Baltimore. It was pointed out by Archbishop Cicogxiani in his address that the National Capi tal was built "in an historically Catholic environment with the marked co- operation of influential Catho lics." Archbishop Curley said they were pledged to work together, "pro Deo et Patris"—"for God and America." * * * The obsequies of' the late Father John A. Scanlan, who was attached to Si. Joseph's Canmelite Church, Port Melbourne, for .the greater part of his ministry of 48 years, took" place on the 3rd inst. in St. Joseph's Church, Port Melbourne. His Grace Archbishop Mannix presided, and was attended by Very Rev. Father W. J. Lockington, SJT., and Rev. Father W. Bridger. The Celebrant of the Mass, Very Rev. Father G. P. Clery, Com missary-General of the (Carmelite Order in Australia, was assisted by Rev. Fathers Mansfield, Morganti and Haughey. A choir of 60 regular and diocesan Priests chanted the~ Solemn Office and Requiem Mass, the cantors being Rev. Fathers J. F. Egan., P. Eganand Albert, and Rev. Brother Augustine. Archbishop Mannix de livered the panegyric and gave the final absolution. The funeral after wards left the church for the cemetery at Fawkner.—R.I.P. * sK s)c On , Wednesday, April 17, at Lewisham Hospital, the death took place of one of Australia's pioneers —Patrick Hartigan—at the age of 98 years. The deceased was born in 1842 at Lissey Casey, County Clare, and came to Australia in 1864. Like many another noble-hearted Irish settler, says the Sydney "Catholic Freemen's Journal," he entered the New Land unobtrusively and left it just as quietly after an exceptionally long life of much work done with great honor. The passing from our jmidst of these men of the early days arrests the notice of the people of pur generation, and sharply reminds them of the debt which Australia and her Catholic children owe to the faithful and courageous men and women of Ireland who, amid untold difficulties, "blazed the trail" for Church as well as Nation. * X * The young immigrant who had "left the friendly stars astern—the Irish lights agleam," faced a weird wild waste of world that brave men trembled at, and settled, among the first, at Yass. A little later he mar ried Miss Mary Townsell, like him self a native of County Clare, who predeceased her husband six years ago at the ripe old age of 85. Their marriage was celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral, the destruction of which, by fire, the young couple were destined to be the very grieved wit nesses and an event they recalled in the after years with those affectionate sentiments always felt by our Catho lic forefathers in their, tender recol lections of "Old St. Mary's." * * * There were nine children in de ceased's family, one of whom died in infancy. Six children—four daugh ters and two sons—entered religion, three of whom, Rev. Francis Harti gan, Sister Michael (Albury), and Sister Gonzaga (Parramatta) pre deceased their parents. Those living are Rev. Mother Ignatius, of Tumeth; Sister M. Peter, Superior, Convent of Mercy, Stanmore; and the Very Rev. P. J. Hartigan, Vicar Forane and' Parish Priest of Narrandera. If a memorial is sought by this notable family in the annals of Aus tralian Catholic life, it is fittingly enshrined in the pages of "The Boree Log," the unique work of its jgifted author, Father Hartigan, whose pen name, "John O'Brien," has won world renown. "We pray for peace because We are the Vicar of Christ, Who is the King of Peace, Who was heralded by the prophets as the Prince of Peace, Who when He had come on earth was announced by the angelic canticle of peace to men of good will. As the Vicar of this Divine Master, as the Common Father of all souls, We pray for peace. This is Our particular and essential duty, without which it is impossible to conceive of a Pope." —Pope Pius XJ. »##########################^###^### 