LATEST EVENTS A Jewish Scientist examines his small Arab patient at Malaria Station in Rosh Pinah attached to the Dept, of Hygiene and Bac teriology (By courtesy “Shomrim”). Since the issuing of the last . Youth Allyah Bulletin, Youth Aliyah has had to deal with the following new prob lem: — 270 'CHILDREN IN DENMARK As already announced, permission waa granted to issue certificates to these children^ provided a route to Pa lestine could be found. The route was found: across Sweden, Russia and from there either by land or sea to Hana. The Swedish Govt, agreed to let the children pass "through'"that'"country"arid to allow the British Passport Officer m Stockholm to grant them the. visas. Russio too agreed to allow their transit. 130 CHILDREN IN SWEDEN These children are preparing for their departure. The question of the fares for both the Swedish and the Danish group 'has already been settled. Both groups—the Danish and the Swedish—will be accompanied from the start, by a group of adults, and on their way through Russia, besides this, by agents of the Intourist (the Russian Travel Agency). CHILDREN FROM HOLLAND Amongst those who succeeded in fleeing torm Holland to England was a group of Jewish refugee children from Germany who had been placed after the pogroms in' an orphanage in Amsterdam Some of them have already applied for registration with us. Also others of the Dutch children who are now in ihis country have already been accepted for Youth Aliyah. CHILDREN IN LITHUANIA A considerable number of certificates were supposed to be granted to the Po lisn refugee children now in Lithuania. They were already preparing for their departure in every way possible, when t. jst events in Lithuania suddemy made their Aliyah doubtful. First we ie.«j . .1 the ini'ormaUon mat t.iey count n • ain tLc permission for transit through Russia. A few days later we Were informed that the Palestine office had been closed down and that all Zion ist Organisations were dissolved and Che funds confiscated. Now we are await ing with tension further news of the de velopments there ,and we are still hop ing that at least the Aliyah of these double refugee children might be pos sible. CHILDREN IN ENGLAND The preparations for the Aliyah of about 370 children have almost been concluded. The medical examinations have been carried out, several hundreds of forms for Identity Papers, Palestine visas and Exit Permits have been com pleted photographs have been taken and various other arrangements have been made. Now remains the question of a route. The only way to Palestine is via South Africa, India and Basra (Iraq). It is a very expensive route, and also two visas are necessary, an Indian and an Iraq one of which after long and tedious negotiations (the Indian one) is secured. But even if the problem of the visas is solved there remains the question of how to obtain accommodation on ships. Regarding this problem we are'in con stant touch with different organisations. PARTICIPATION IN THE ENGLISH EVACUATION SCHEME The English Government has, as is well known worked out a comprehen sive scheme for the evacuation to the Dominions of children between the ages of 5 and 15 inclusive. Youth Aliyah has taken many steps to try and have their own children in r eluded in this evacuation^ as a speedy departure to Palestine might not be possible, and they feel duty bound to look after the safety of their children for the period until their final immigra tion into Palestine can be arranged. Cables have been despatched to Ca nada, South Africa and the U.S.A. ask ing the Youth Aliyah representatives there to approach their respective Gov ernments with regard to this scheme for our children. 