VIKINGS' DAUGHTER. "Confessions of an Immigrant's Daugh- ter," by Laura Goodman Salverson. - Faber. To understand the wave of Icelandic mig- rants who swept into Canada at the close of last century, it is necessary to have at least a rudimentary grasp of the sorry political state of that remote northern country during the years immediately preceding it. For two and a half centuries the Hanseatlc League, the company of German merchant princes to whom the Danish crown sold the Icelandic fishing trade, ruled the people. They were succeeded by the equally unscrupulous Harkraemar Syndicate. These two bands of piratical business men reduced the country to poverty and despair. Nevertheless it is a moot question whether the Icelanders, who, first of northern races, instituted a republic and a democratic parliament, could have been reduced to such servile straits if nature had not aligned herself with their aggressors. There are 107 volcanoes in this country, which is only one-fifth larger than Ireland. Since historic times 25 vents have caused in- estimable damage, while countless others, still extant, have been fitfully active. Little wonder that even Viking spirits quailed. Nor is it surprising that men and women who had struggled for a bare sub- sistance for many years should lend a willing ear to the Canadian immigration agents who held out glowing promises of a land abound- ing in opportunity and plenty. Laura Salver- son's father, a man of more charm than sub- stance, listened to one of these, and succumbed. In 1897 the whole family took ship for Canada. The description of that voyage, of the primi- tive conditions and the terrible overcrowding on board ship, is vivid. It forms a fitting pro- logue to the tale of incredible endurance which follows; Laura's mother, a descendant of one of the last of the Viking nobles, was a fine character. Without question she followed her feckless husband up and down North America. From Winnipeg to the Mississippi her wander- ings took her. And at each halt she was called upon to meet some fresh emergency, and, more often than not, to suffer some heart- breaking loss. Laura, surprisingly, survived. Several other children succumbed. To the end, Laura's mother remained true to her principles, dignified and loyal. From an early age Laura seems to have been obsessed with the idea of becoming a writer. She was a sensitive and highly imaginative child, given to seeing visions and dreaming dreams. Deprived by the family's wanderings of the early stages of education, she made an astonishingly rapid progress when at last her opportunity came. Books became her com- panions and the heroes and heroines of his- tory and romance her intimate friends. Ill- ness and the constant necessity to help with the support of others constantly hampered her progress, making her ultimate triumph all the more significant. Those who read the extraordinarily varied details of her career will not hesitate to acknowledge that she is of that stuff of which true heroines are made. Her story brings the reader into contact with unusual people. It gives, also, glimpses of the nature and tradi- tions of a race little known, perhaps, to the denizens of this southern continent. 