NÊJifS ttíÚM HÈRE dîm .TliftfjfcV GREAT BRITAIN. Bomb Explosions. LONDON, Feb. 15.-A time bomb ex- ploded in a shoe store in Birmingham at midnight, hurling glass 100 yards. The police placed a cordon around the district and questioned pedestrians and motorists in all streets. It is believed that members of the Irish. Republican Army were responsible. A man was in- jured and taken to hospital. Another bomb exploded in the Bir- mingham suburb of Aston. Three un- exploded bombs were found.. Aid for Colonies. LONDON, Feb. 20.-It is officially stated that legislation will be introduced providing over £5,000,000 annually for a decade for assistance to colonial govern- ments, and also for the establishment of a Colonial Research Advisory Committee with a separate allowance of £500,000 a year. CANADA Lord Tweedsmuir. OTTAWA, Feb. 14.-Despite the bitter weather, thousands lined the streets of Ottawa today to see the body of the Governor-General (Lord Tweedsmuir), who died last Sunday, taken through lines of troops to St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, where he was accorded a State funeral. His Majesty the King was re- presented by the Acting Governor General (Sir Lyman Duff). Lord Tweeds muir's body will be cremated to Mont- real tomorrow. Arrangements for the transfer trf his ashes to Scotland are secret, but it is believed that the, burial will take place in Peebleshire. INDIA. Mr. Gandhi Speaks. WARDHA (Central Provinces), Feb. 15.-Mr. M. K. Gandhi, commenting to- day on the statement by the Secretary for India (the Marquess of Zetland) last Sunday, said: "This is what I call bang- ing the door upon the Nationalist posi- tion. Lord Zetland has ended all specu- lation about Britain's attitude towards the Nationalists' demands. I was taught to believe that Dominion Status was akin to independence and included the right to secede, but Lcrd Zetland makes it clear that Britain, not India, intends to deter- mine India's status." . [Lord Zetland made a strong appeal to the Indian Congress Party to escape from the tyranny of phrases and ascend from idealism to realism. The Congress Party, he said, had made a fetish of the word independence and created a false im- pression as to Indians' desires. They wanted self-government, but did not con- template leaving the orbit of the British Commonwealth. They were far too ap- preciative of the protection of the armed might of Britain in a mad world.] JAPAN. "Legitimate Pursuits." ' TOKIO, Feb. 15.-In a leading article the "Niehl Nichi'' says:-"Undeniably countries in the South Seas, due to their geographic and economic, position, must seek Japan's collaboration, but Britain and the United States are constantly try- ing to frustrate Japan's economic plans by exclusion of immigration and high duties. Moreover, some countries, to pro- tect their own interests, spread un- founded propaganda about Japan's terri- torial designs and urge a boycott against Japanese goods. If such Powers reck- lessly ccntinue to hamper Japan's legiti- mate pursuits they should realise the pos- sibility of Japanese reaction." AMERICA. Navy Supply Bill. WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.-The Naval Affairs Committee today submitted to the House of Representatives for considera- tion the 1S41 Navy Supply Bill, totalling £241,680,000, which is £12,853,000 above the 1940 total but £27,925,000 under the Budget figure. The Estimates include funds to start 19 warships, complete 97 "already under construction and start 352 aeroplanes, also £250,000 to improve harbour facili- ties at Guam (in the western Pacific). 71 Deaths in Storm. NEW YORK, Feb. 15.-Deaths as a result of the storm which has been sweep- ing the eastern part of the United States now total 71. SOUTH AMERICA. Dictator for ParaGuay. BUENOS AIRES,- Feb. 18.- Backed by the army and navy, General Jose Estigarribia has declared himself dicta- tor of Paraguay, in a broadcast he ex- plained that the political crisis had brought Paraguay to the verge of anar- chy. PORTUGAL Timor Oil Concession. LONDON, Feb. 15.-The Lisbon corre- spondent of the Associated Press states that Portugal is considering granting a second large oil concession in Timor to an Australian-Portuguese company. The Minister for Colonies (Dr. Machado) In- stanced the existing concession when directing Captain de Carvalho, the new Governor of Timor, to encourage foreign investments. PALESTINE Smuggling of Jews. NEW YORK, Feb. 16.-r-The American Friends of Jewish Palestine, an organi- sation openly aiding the smuggling of Jews toto Palestine, reports that 2.300 Austrian and Czech Jews have been landed there clandestinely. It is believed that these included refugees from stranded boats in the frozen Danube. The organisation claims that it has aided the illegal entry of 26,000 Jews into Palestine in the last 18 months. BULGARIA New Cabinet. SOFIA, Feb. 16.-A new Cabinet "has been formed, with M. Filoff as Prime Minister and, Minister for Education. Other members of the Cabinet are Mm. Ivan Popoff (at present Minister in Bel- grade, who takes the Foreign Affairs portfolio), Peter Gabrovsky (formerly Minister for Railways, now Minister for the Interior), Ivan Goranoff (Railways), Bojiloff (Finance), Bagrianoff (Agricul- ture), Deaskaloff (War). Vassileff (Public Works), Mitakoff (Justice) and Zago roff (Commerce). The Cabinet is a non-party one. It is stated that foreign and internal policy will remain unchanged and that Bulgaria will continue strict neutrality and work for the preservation of peace in the Balkans. COMMONWEALTH. Power Alcohol. SYDNEY,' Feb. 14.-Following investi- gations by Federal experts, a concrete plan for producing nearly 12,000,000 gal- lons of power alcohol a year in Austra- lia has been prepared and will be sub-, mitted to the Economic Cabinet. Fede- ral Ministers, it is understood, are op-i posed to the plan because of the loss of revenue which would result from the necessity for excise concessions. . The Economic Cabinet will be asked to con- sider whether this objection outweighs the saving in dollar exchange which would result. 1 The plan, which contains interesting compulsory proposals, embodies the fol- lowing points:-The compulsory acquisi- tion of molasses in Queensland for dis- ! tillation; distillation in two factories of about equal size, one in Sydney and one ; in Port Melbourne; the compulsory ad- mixture of power alcohol with petrol to ensure the automatic marketing of the product. It is understood that estimates submit- ted with the plan show that the cost of production of power alcohol would be 1 /3 a gallon, compared with 1/ a gallon for fuel from Newnes shale, and a landed cost of imported petrol of about 9d. a gallon. On this basis power alcohol could not pay more than 2d. a gallon excise, but it Is pointed out that by compulsory admixture with petrol a higher levy could be made without affecting the retail price, because the proportion of power alcohol to petrol would be small. Compulsory Training. MELBOURNE, Feb. 14.-Approximately 28,371 young men in the 21 age group have been called up for universal service to date throughout the Commonwealth. Of that number 24,179 have been passed as medically fit, 3,123 are unfit and 1,069 have not been examined. Of the number passed as fit 15,162 have been allotted to units, 5,664 are still avail- able for allotment, 7,358 have been exempted and 187 have not yet been dealt with. Labour and the A.I.F. MELBOURNE, Féb. 14.-The Leader of the Federal Opposition (Mr. Curtin) said today that there was really no need for him to rebut the statement made by I the Prime Minister (Mr. Menzies) in his! speech at Geelong West that when ! Labour was returned to power it would recall the Second A.I.F. "Mr, Menzies ¡read into my speech an unwarranted in- ference," said Mr. Curtin. "There is a fundamental difference between the Gov- ernment and the- Labour Party on the matter of expeditionary forces. We op- pose the policy. We are, however, faced with the fact that one division has been sent and has arrived in the Middle East. "There never was and never will be any suggestion of Labour deserting the A.I.F., stabbing the AXF. in the back, 'letting i the force decline by wastage until it is absorbed into another army,' and the. rest of the catch phrases now being em-" ployed against the Labour Party. "A Labour Government would not allow the Second A.Ï.F, to be absorbed by another army-in fact the party has Íirotested vigorously against the R.A.A.F. osing its Australian identity. We will j provide adequately so that the voluntary principle will maintain the 1st Division. That is definite. The men are there, and we will not abandon them, but the ques- tion of sending further divisions is one which the electors of Corio have now an opportunity to vote upon. I make it quite clear that Labour Is opposed to that be- ing done." Petrol Supplies. MELBOURNE, Feb. 16.-Notwithstand- ing the recent declaration of the Minister for Supply (Sir Frederick Stewart), that only one type of petrol will be permitted to be sold in Australia jitter present sup- plies of super fuel (the replenishment of which from abroad has been banned) are exhausted, it was learnt authoritatively today that several of the major oil com- panies are proceeding with plans to con- tinue the marketing of two types of petrol after the sale of the present super grade ceases. One will be an ordinary white untreated petrol similar to most of the standard grades now on sale. The second will be treated with. lead tetraethyl, or some similar anti-knock compound, and in most cases it will be coloured a golden yellow. Footwear to be Dearer. CANBERRA, Feb. 20.'-Consequent on the increase in leather prices authorised last week, the'Federal Prices Commis- sion will be prepared to deal with ap- plications from Australian boot and shoe makers for permission to pass on the higher costs by another increase in boot and shoe prices. It was emphasised to- day, however, that increased prices will be authorised only in respect of goods made from leather bought at the new' prices. As the new leather rates operated . only last week-end, it was impossible that this extra cost could be added to exist- ing stocks. Correspondent with A.I.F. MELBOURNE, Feb. 19.-Arrangements have been made by the Department of Information and the Department of the Army for Sergeant Ian G. Fitchett to act temporarily as official correspondent with the Australian troops in Palestine. . QUEENSLAND Queensland Storm. BRISBANE, Feb. 18.-A cyclone of ter- rific force struck the coastline between Cairns and Townsville early this morning. Cardwell apparently was the centre of the system when it crossed the coast, and fears are held for the safety of the town. Cairns, Tully and Lucinda Point are cut off from communication, all telephone and telegraph lines north and west of Townsville being down. Practically every building in Ingham was damaged, and extensive damage was done at Townsville, which " is facing the worst floods in its history. At nine o'clock this morning there was a south- easterly gale of 75 miles an hour. The cyclone is still moving inland. Between noon and three o'clock it was in a triangle formed by Mt. Surprise, Cairns and Townsville, and it had not chanaed position at six o'clock. Heavy floods were reported tonight from- Longreach. Cyclone Losing Intensity. BRISBANE, Feb. 20.-Although the cyclone which struck North Queensland v at the week-end is still operating between ? Richmond, Clermont and Winton, it is losing intensity. Rain and flood damage are expected to continue for the next'few days. Late this afternoon. telephonic communication had been restored to all centres of the State. Eight miles, of line and 230 poles were washed away between Charters Towers and Townsville, causing serious dislocation. Although it will be weeks before this damage is completely repaired, gangs working aist deep in water have made temporary repairs. NEW SOUTH WALES. Fall Into Harbour, SYDNEY, Feb. 20.-Miss Phyllis An- derson (19), of Redfern-street, Redfern, fell into the harbour early this morning and is believed to have swum and floated for two hours before she was rescued by a naval launch. She explained that she. could not find a place to land. According to her statement to the police she went to No. 6 ferry wharf about 1.30 a.m. to rest, as she felt UL She shook off . her shoes and. hung her coat on the rail of a ferry moored at the wharf. She next remembered falling from the pontoon into the water, and the shock having revived her, she kept on swimming and floating towards some lights she saw in the distance until she found herself outside the quay enclosure, floating off Fort Macquarie. Coal Mining Dispute. SYDNEY, Feb. 20.-Referring today to the threatened coal strike, the Federal Attorney-General (Mr. Hughes) empha- sised the-need for unity as far as Aus- tralia's part in the war was concerned. "Coal is an essential commodity with- out which our efforts to equip industry ; and build up mechanised implements must be rendered abortive," said Mr. Hughes. "If we are to win the war it must be as a united people. I am not apportioning blame to either side in this - coal crisis. I would be surprised to learn that either side is free from blame, but it appears that the miners are the chief sinners in having flouted the Arbitration Court. But I feel that if properly ap- proached they will be prepared to with- draw their ultimatum and permit a con- ference to meet forthwith." STATE AND CITY. Empire Air Scheme. The composition of the West Austra- lian branch of the Royal Australian Air Force Recruiting Drive Committee was announced on February 16 by Sir Donald Cameron, chairman of the committee, -who came to Perth recently to make preliminary arrangements for the open- ing of the Empire Air Force recruiting campaign early next month. The mern- . bens of the committee are:-Mr. A. Yeates (State President of the Returned Soldiers' League), who will be chairman. Major Norman Brearley, Messrs. A. L. B. Lefroy, C. P. Smith, W. L, Sanderson and C. E. Longmore and Flying-Officer A. Stewart (R.A.A.F. recruiting officer). Death from Thirst. An unidentified body found on February ll about 45 miles south- east of Tamala station, - in the Murchison district, is believed to be that of a tramp who called at the Murchison House station several days previously. This information was con- tained in a report received on February 15 by the Commissioner of Police (Mr. D. Hunter) from Inspector Nicholson, of Geraldton. A dispatch from Constable King, of Shark Bay, stated that the man had apparently died from thirst. Transport Services. Figures of the operations of the Gov- ernment railway, tramway, ferry and electricity services last month were made available by the Minister for Railways (Mr. E. Nulsen) through the Railway De- partment on February 16. The loss on the railways .was £35,921, compared with a loss of £1,162 for the previous January. The accumulated loss since last July was £260,596, which was about £3,000 more than the loss during the previous July January period. "Creep" in Coalmine. COLLIE, Feb. 20.-Emergency work is still proceeding at the Proprietary mine in one section of which a serious dis- turbance occurred two weeks ago. The area affected by the "creep" has been timbered extensively and it is stated that the section has now settled, most of the movement having been checked. \- / ? Watef''fÉeticu^^ Completion of the Canning dam being in sight, the Water Supply Department proposes to give attention to the raising of water pressures in the Bassendean dis- trict and to other works in the metro- politan area at an estimated cost of £215,000. This information was given by the Minister for Works- (Mr. H. Milling- ton) in a letter received at a meeting of che Midland Junction Municipal Coun- cil on Monday night. Miner Killed. KALGOORLIE, Feb. 20.-While work- ing on top of a cage which .^as lashed to the headframe of the main shaft, of the White Hope goldmine, Hampton Plains, today, Joseph Tighe (54), miner, single, was killed when the cage got away and crashed down the shaft. The cage was stopped at the 160ft. horizon, but Tighe, who had suffered severe head in- juries, probably from being buffeted on the shaft timbering, was dead. The body was brought to the surface with a rope. PARADE. Arctic Rigours. LONDON, Feb. 14.-Europe still shivers in icy fetters. There has been a cessa- tion of ordinary travel among the Danish islands and aeroplanes have oeen booked up five days ahead to capacity, for the carriage ot 400 passengers and quantities of goods. Daily ice-boat transport is being used across the Great Belt (between the Danish islands of Funen and Zea- land) for the first time in 50 years, teams of 17 fishermen apiece hauling two six ton boats form Zealand to Funen and back. Pedestrians have also crossed in both directions. Pharaoh's Tomb Unearthed. CAIRO, Feb. 19.-Professor Montet, a Frenchman, has unearthed at San-el Hagar, near Port Said, the intact tomb' of Pharaoh Psou Psennes, who ruled from 1080 to 1067 B.C. The tomb con- tained a quantity of valuable and his- toric material, and also a coffin of red granite, and sarcophagus containing an- other unopened conan, and a collection of solid gold plate of exquisite workman- ship. Solid silver plates were laid out on a gold table near a golden altar, and also a pet dog's skeleton. The dimensions of the chamber were 15ft. by 9ft. by 8ft. ROAD AND RAIL. Osborne Park Fatality. Found injured on the roadway in Hector-street, Osborne Park, shortly after midnight on Saturday, two men were taken by a motorist to the Perth Hospital, but one of them was found dead on arrival. The men were: HILL, Albert Edward (25), of Main-street. Osborne Park.-Died from injuries to the head. BRYSON, Reginald (21), ol Main-street, Osborne Park.-Admitted to the Perth Hospital suffering from abrasions and concussion In a statement made to the police, Ivan Vranjican, market gardener, of Hertha road, Osborne Park, said that he was driving his wife and family home on a truck after having attended a Yugoslav dance in William-street. When travel- ling along Hector-street he noticed a dark patch on the road, and thought that it was a bag; but, on approaching too close to it to prevent his truck from passing over it, he realised that it was too large to be a'bag. He tried to pass it with wheels straddling the object, but felt his truck bump something, and stopped about 10 yards further on. Walk- ing back, he found one man kneeling over another, who was lying on the road. The man who was kneeling was calling to his companion by name, telling him to get up. Vranjican saw olood on the recumbent form. He turned his truck so that the headlights shone on the in- jured man, sent his family home, and, putting both men on his truck, took them to the Perth Hospital. The motor truck was subsequently impounded by the police. Fatal Collision. While attempting to pass between a stationary and a moving motor truck in Wanneroo-road on February 19, George William Tapping (45), of Charles-street, North Perth, who was riding a motor cycle, received injuries from which, lt is believed, he died in- stantly. MINING. Illicit Gold Charge. * LAVERTON, Feb. 16.-Alexander Arthur Mott pleaded guilty before Mr. T. H. Hannah, S.M., in the Laverton Police Court yesterday, with having been in unlawful possession of a quantity of gold. He was sentenced to four months' imprisonment. Accused was arrested by Detective Cameron and Constables Treloar and Dwyer. The gold was found at his camp. Yilgarn Crushings. SOUTHERN CROSS, Feb. 19.-Messrs. Barr and Clements have cleaned up 45 tons from the Radio at Manxman for 52oz. At Evanston, Ridge Bros. crushed 700 tons for 181oz., and cyanided 1,140 tons sands for 418oz. Atkins and Grace at the Three Boys battery, Southern Cross, have crushed 417 tons for 71oz., and cyanided 580 tons sands for 133oz. The following parcels were also treated: R. J. Teale, Greenmount, 47 tons for lloz.; Tuckey and party, 72 tons for 13oz.; C. Birch, Southern Cross United, 10 tons for 6oz.; Moore and party, 31 tons for 23oz.; T. Bawden, 12 tons for 7oz.; T. Grace, 31 tons for 6oz.; United Tributers, 57 tons for 27oz.; A. McPhar lin, 54 tans for 8oz. At the Invermay, R. C. Ey cyanided 380 tons for 68oz. At the Butcher Bird mill, Marda, 20 tons from the Dolly Pot were treated for 13oz.; and from Allan's Find. 24 tons yielded 13oz. The following parcels were also treated:-Pettr Casella, Toomey Hills, ll tons for 6oz.; T. Blen nerhassett, Parker's Range, 73 tons for 18oz.; K. Sorensen, Manxman, 7 tons for Boa.; L. R. Flower, Toomey Hills, 14 tons for 40oz.; J. C. Roberts, Queen Ann, 40 tons for 4oz.; L. C. Williams, Parker's Range, crushed 25 tons for 8oz., and cyan- ided 300 tons for 20oz.; G. W. Spencer, 21 tons for 22oz.; B. Quadrio, Evelyn Molly cyanided 220 tons for'38oz. 