\- . . , .... - I - WAR TEMPO QUICKENS NAVIES BOMBED BUT LITTLE DAMAGE DONE GERMAN DRIVE FOR PEACE AND DIKE THUEATS OF WAlt There arc two main .points in the war news to-day, (1) tlio Gorman drive for .peace, involv ing a meeting between Hitler and iVLussoIihi, as well as intimidation of neutrals, and (2) aerial at tacks by both British and Ger man machines on warsliips at their bases. Diplomatic activity was never moro iutenso. In this Germany is using "strong arm" tactics. GERMAN DIPLOMACY ALLIED TO "BIG STICK" SECURES SOME TRIUMPHS (By (the Editor.) Using the big stick, Germany has had a striking diplomatic victory in Rumania, where nearly 1,000,000 men arc to be demobplised from the army for the. purpose of producing prim ary produce for Germany. In addi tion, the Nazi Iron Guard; members of which were responsible some lrfonths ago for the murder of the premier, have been pardoned ana tne exiles permitted not only to return to Rumania, but also to take part in the political life of the country. In return, Germany "guarantees" Rumania. This, of course, is taken to mean that Russia will not attempt to secure Bessarabia or Bulgaria de mand Dobridja, both of which were acquired since the war of 1914-18. WAKE-UP CAIVIPAIGN Following on the Finnish collapse, this has caused constellation; in Bri tain, where a "wake/up" . campaign is dem'ahdedr-and' ari'" intenslricAticJh of tho war. The French paper "Le Temps" said that neutrals should realise that nei ther moral nor juridLc-ial considera tions could prevent a belligerent from using all the arm's used by the adver sary. In England, Sir Warren Fisher dernanded that Britain retaliate for German raids by "hitting bad: at German civilians," while Mr. Herbert Morrison, M.P., asked whether "per fect gentlemanliness" could bring a victory. Even our own Mr. Spender (Federal Treasurer) fcelis that way, for he said last night: "A great and final Arm a- UUUGll WUU1U U U UCLLVil IIUU1 Uldg" ging on for years in desultory, ex hausting, inconclusive strife. But wo must be prepared for both, even at a cost that will reduce us all to the bread-line." The Sunday "Times" takes a simi- lar view, but demands an attack in the Near East "to cut off Germany from supplies of Soviet oil. Attack ts necessary for final victory," it- con tends. " IN OTHER SPHERES German Moves in Norway AND Tins WOOING OF ITALY Germany has also intervened in the discussions between Sweden, Norway, and Finland on the formation of a defensive alliance to protect Finland's new frontiers. A German military mission has arrived in Slock holm and is discussing the proposed alli ance with Swedish officials, it is understood. Germany approves of a pact be- tween Finland and Sweden, but says she can take care of Norway. ' A big effort is being made to bring Italy into line with the Berlin-Mos- cow axis, and where President Roose velt's envoy, Mr. Summer Wells, is having his final talks. Latest news is that Herr Hitler is to meet Signor Mussolini in Italy, probably in the Brenner Pass. Mussolini left Rome at 1.30 yester day for the north of Italy, whilst Hitler has left Berlin for an "un known destination." Some correspon dents connect the visit of Mr. Sum mer Welles, the American Under Secretary for State, with'the'meeting viD_f lhe two dictators. It is believed, peace proposals \\\dll be discussed" " . London diplomatic circles point' out that the visit by Hitler to Italy was expected. Tliey say the failure of Herr von Ribbentrop made a meeting between Mussolini and Hitler the next step. Nothing Herr Hitler says will make Signor Mussolini leave his non belligerency. an Italian newspaper declares. PEACE OR -? Later messages state that it is ex pected the German Ambassador in Rome and Count Ciano will also take nart in the talks. Berlin radio predicts a spectacular announcement— it lias been Ihreaten- Herr Hitler Signor Mussolini ing this for some weeks now — and in fers that if Germany's peace terms arc not accepted, there will be un precedented fury of war activity, With a elegrgee of frightfulness never before known. Some American newspaper corres pondents with Mr. Welles believe peace to be imminent. Well-inform ed Italian quarters, however, arc not optimistic. ALLIED CONSOLIDATION. Britain and France are perfecting their arrangements for national con solidation, and the British Secretary, for Colonies (Mr. Malcolm MacDon- ald), returned to England on Sundpy, after long conferences with the French Minister for Colonies on ques tions of how the economic resources of the French and British colonies could best serve the interests of the Allied war effort. SCAPA FLOW BOMBING Contradiction of Previous Assurance There is some concern in England at the bombing of warships in Scapa Flow, not because of the damage done, this not being great, but because in a speech lafjt" napnth, Mr. Winston Churchill said the fleet had not used Scapa Flow since the sinking of the Royal Oak/on October 15. The German account of the raid claims that at' least four British war ships — three battleships and a cruiser —were hit by bombs and severely damaged. Hits', Berlin stated, were Registered on two smaller war craft; ''In spite of action by British chas ers and anti-aircraft defences, the German 'planes successfqjly carried out their instructions andl returned without loss," said the Berlin' radio. The Admiralty states that German aeroplanes at 7.50 p.m. on Saturday Raided the Fleet anchorage at Scapa .- ' j.i1:.,. i . Flow, and that about 14 'planes reach ed their objective. A considerable number of bombs were dropped, one bitting a warship, which suffered only minor damage. Bombs were also dropped on land, but no military objectives were hit. Naval personnel sustained seventeen casualties. One enemy aeroplane was shot down, and others were dam aged, one so badly that it crashed shortly after midnight on Laaland, one of tho southernmost Danish is- lancfe in the Baltic Sound. The crow Were killed. BRITAIN STARTED IT Fuller details of the R.A.F. bomb raid on Saturday on the German naval base at _Heliglanci, say that pne of the enemy ships was seen to he partly lifted out of the water by ah explosion. All 'planes returned safely. The German raid over Scapa Flow is believed to have been in retaliation. The war in the air is certainly in creasing, as was expected with the approach of better weather. A Scot tish coast ship and three trawlers \vere attacked hy German aircraft on Friday. The trawlers opened fire with machine guns, whilst British 'planes appeared and chased the raid ers away. NEW GERMAN MINE EFFORT A Dutch ship of 2000 tons was mined in the North Sea v/hile on its Way to England. The vessel failed to take a new sea route ordered by the Dutch Government. This has been found necessary as the Germans have laid mines indiscriminately in contravention of international law, some well within Dutch waters. Dutch warships are clearing them up. THE WAR AT A GLANCE What H.as Happened AND WHERE . United States manufacturers have been compelled, to call off negotia tions with the Allies for the latest and fastest fighters., pending the out come of the Congressional inquiry which opens on Wednesday. It is claimed that it would be against the interests of the U.S.A. to dispose of the, "bect- /.lc,nos ih .thq world." , President Roosevelt, in' a world wide broadcast, declared that the world was seeking a -moral basis for peace. There' could not be a real peace if it failed to recognise brother hood and complete social and relig ious liberty, he said. 1 United States correspondents state that Germany's submarine tonnage has increased 150 per cent, since the war began. Reports from Paris, after giving details of the sinking of two submarines, suggest that a new U-boat offensive is developing. | In a speech at Grafton, Sir Earle Pawe said that Australian soldiers should not he sent farther west than Suez. Australian expeditionary forces must he readily transferable back to Australia. Dr. Page was again critical of the Government. Britain's total army strength, within the next two or three months, will be nearly 2,500,000. The strength on November 30 last was approri- mately 1,200,000, including 200,000 volunteers. FINNISH IMMIGRANTS Minister's Suggestion SYDNEY, This Afternon. The Minister for the interior (Sen ate:- Foil) suggests that refugees from Finland should be allowed to enter Australia and make their horn ei here. He says that experience has prov ed beyond doubt that migrants to the Commonwealth from that country and other Scandinavian countries had become very acceptable citizens. It would be a fine gesture on the part of Australia, and a policy that would receive universal approval to allow some of the victims of Soviet Russia to make their new homes in Australia. Only those best qualiliod slv.'Vld be selected. N.S.W. ENLISTMENTS SYDNEY, This Afternon. Applications for enlistment in the Se\flnth Division of the A.I.F. and Army Corps are coming in steadily. Enlistments- required in N.S.VV. to tal 10,200. Already about 6000 ap plications have been "received. WAR TAXATION Is Going To Be Heavy Draft proposals for a supplemen tary Federal war budget have been prepared by the Treasurer, Mr. Spender. The new taxation proposals are understood to include a war-time profits tax, and increases in the land, sales, and income taxes. The Federal Treasurer, Mr. Spend er, in announcing the result of the Commonwealth loan of £18,000,000, said that there were 14,203 applica tions for £18,150,000. "White Australia Conditions." — Tho president of the Farmers and Sett lers' District Council, speaking at the annual meeting, said that it was time that the Government saw to it that tlie average men engaged in the wool and wheat industries were granted "White Australia conditions.", 