EUROPE'S FOOD PROBLEM German-Italian Solution j Necessary HITLER'S pet theory of the State as a racial organism and not an economic organisation is seriously challenged by the task . confronting the Third Reich of feeding and clothing Europe's millions in a crisis precipitated by the Nazis', "lightning war" opera- tions. At one stage Germany seemed to sueeest that the economic deficiencies in her plan of wholesale invasion would be .provided by Russia and the Balkan States'. But, despite the Nazi dictator's assurances of ample food for 200,000,000 people and "stabilised relations" with Russia, signs and por tents are not lacking that a serious food shortage is ahead, and that all is not well on the eastern frontiers of the European Axis Powers. Predictions of a famine in Europe next year must be regarded with cau tion. For Germany has given fre quent evidence of her readiness first to create a problem, and then to impute to her antagonists the respon sibility for its solution. Straddling Europe in the Nazi "Weltan schauung" (outlook on the world) entails organisation-' far beyond the foe V nf Onprimr'c 'livinff in ft fort- ress," in which ersatz (substitutes) can be resorted to only as a make shift in "guns-before-butter" eco nomy. A message to-day Indicates that Nazi pressure Is already being exerted in Belgium to provide much- needed food for enslaved millions. In the west Belgium used to import 3,500,000 tons of foodstuffs annually, including more than 600,000 tons of fodder. Holland, while better off than Belgium, was a large importer of food stuffs, including 200,000 tons of fod der and 500,000 tons of oils and fats. In Denmark the .check to the pro duction of dairy produce must affect Germany directly, since she' has re lied on the Low Countries for a con siderable proportion of her require ments. Already, it is reported, Ger many has seized 1,500,000 Danish hogs i 1 ie amJ OA nAK ftf uuu uei/weeii 10 auu wnv. -»» her cattle, and, following a bad har- vest, the Danes are confronted with a serious fodder shortage. Denmark normally imported 500,000 tons of fod der and phosphates. On top of this serious position In the Invaded eastern European coun tries comes news from Washington last week that Europe's 1940 wheat crop would be the smallest for years. The U.S.A. Department of Agriculture forecast a crop of 1,360,000,000 bushels throughout Europe, compared with last year's bumper crop of 1,700,000,000 bushels and the 1930-34 average of 1,500,000,000 bushels. Italy depends on home-grown wheat, yet in June her crop was estimated to be only two- thirds its normal growth. Supplies in Balkans On the eastern side of Europe the invasion of wheat- producing Bessara bia by the Soviet, and the uncertainty of the Dobruja, which is one of the most fertile wheat-growing areas in the Balkans, do not lessen the prob lem. A recent report from Bucharest, fol lowing the return fromBerlln to Buda pest of the Hungarian Minister, stated that the Roumanian Government had withdrawn 100,000 peasant soldiers from the army for wheat harvesting. Thils demobilisation was said to have been, instigated by . (Germany . For the Third Reich Roumania is an important source of foodstuffs and raw materials; especially since Russia's sur plus is both limited and subject to transport difficulties. The German- Roumania trade treaty of March, 1939, ensured the adaptation of agricultural and forest production in Roumania to Germany's needs. Deliveries of muni tions and armaments, and the con struction of silos in the Braila dis trict. have so far represented the prin cipal results of the agreement. In 1937 Germany, with Austria and Czechoslo vakia, took 53.5 per cent, of Rou- mania's exports, and supplied 34.2 per cent, of all Roumanian .imports In that year. It Is announced to-day from Buchar est that negotiations, which have, con tinued for two months between Turkey and Roumania, for an economic agree ment have been broken off. "Squirt Guns" Light automatic rifles and large auto-pistols are being used extensively in this war. Shortness and lightness and a high rate of fire are desirable features in the modem Infantry "gun3." The best known oi tnese weapons is the "Tommy gun" — or "gangster" or "squirt" gun, in American parlance. The Thompson ('.'Tommy") sub machine gun fires an automatic pistol cartridge, with a rate of discharge of 1500 rounds a minute. It weighs about 11 lb. First step in the development of the "squirt gun" was taken by the Ger mans In 1917, when they fitted a drum magazine carrying 32 rounds to the long Luger-Parabellum pistol. Their pre sent "patrol pistol" Is an automatic carbine, which, incidentally, was used by the Finns at close quarters against the Russians. During the last war the Italians had a machine-gun pistol, the Villar-Forosa, whose double-barrel fired 2400 rounds a minute. It weighed 13 lb„ and was rejected for use by the British. American Republics The opening in Havana of the Pan- American conference of 21 American republics is of absorbing interest, con sidering the plight of Europe and the proportions of Italians and Germans settled in South America. As . early as 1914 Argentina included 920,863 Italians and 26.995 Germans among its foreign-born populations. Brazil in 1920 had 558,405 Italians and 52,870 Germans, and the foreign population of Uruguay was as high as 25 per cent., mostly Italians and Spaniards. Towards the end of the first quarter of the nineteenth century tlie original Spanish colonies of South America re volted from Spain and formed them selves Into ten independent republics. Brazil separated from Portugal as an independent monarchy In 1882, and es tablished herself as a republic In 1889. Only three European colonies remain on the continent— British, French and Dutch Guiana. Prior to separation of the- colonies the colonists, except for the negroes introduced into Brazil ana the north-coast colonies, were almost entirely Spanish and Portuguese. On the east coast there has since been a large immigration from Europe, and a considerable immigration of Germans to Chili. Trade was for a time stimulated by the world war, and the completion of the Panama Canal. To-day half of the South American foreign trade is carried on by Argentina. Large cities arc few, but Buenos Aires has over 2,500,000 people; and Rio Janeiro about 2,000,000. Convened by the United States of America, the conference will discuss the question of a joint protectorate by Western Hemisphere powers of Ame rican possessions, and the stimulation of inter-American trade. It was a symptom of the . stressful times that the President of Cuba (Dr. Bru) should, at the opening ses- sion, refer to the Americas' forced destiny, as the heirs of Western culture, to become "the custodians of an International . morale which is de teriorating with the ruin of great peoples." Nazi influences have become stronger In recent years, but it Is sig nificant that the majority of the Italians In Latin America are of the Garibaldi rather than the Mussolini type. . . 