IT ALIAN SEAMEN ON Daily Telegraph Service and A.A.P. LONDON, Tuesday. Fifty-two officers and men of the Italian motorship Leme (8059 tons), have been arrested and charged with having tried to sabotage the ship. The cantata. Giovanni Poionio," and five officers have been given bail of £3125. . Bail ' for members of the crew has been fixed at £2281 each. The Leme was one of '85 Axis or Axis- controlled ships seized by the U.S. authorities when- a vast sabotage plot was discovered at the weekend. . The Department of Justice has be gun proceedings against 875 officers and men removed from Axis ships. At the same time; the- Federal Bureau of Investigation has opened an Inquiry Into sabotage on Italian ships. Germany and Italy have protested formally -against the seizures. President Roosevelt , and the Secre tary; State (Mr, Cordell. Hull) - will probably reject, the protests.; ; jDoiies "Vry Hurt? ; Tlie Danish Legation at Washington said it Would not protest at the seizure of 39 Danish ships, > A: Danish' Legation attache: said: "Danish sailors feel very hurt that they are associated in the public mind with sabotage "of their ships. : . "No Danish sailors have harmed :any ships.- "f "It must- bei remembered .that ..-5000 Danish sailors are . now sailing for Bri- tE&?' : , . . .. ' , -' ' . .- .- United States 'Goyernmerit officials at Washlngton said today that Mt was quite possible, the Government would takp nvfir thn vrcat FrenchTlner Nor- niandie. (83,423 tons). The Normandle has been lying- In New York harbor since- the war. \- Ships On Fire The . German freighter, ' Eisenach (4323' tons) and- the Italian freighter Fella (6072 tons), were set on fire yes terday by their crews at Punta Arenas (ChUe). An unconfirmed report from Mexico says that , the Mexican Government Intends to take Into, protective custody 12 German and Italian ships. Costa Rica (South America)- officials have arrested crews of one Balkan ship and one Italian ship who, It is alleged, tried to set fire to their vessels. ' e At Boston (Massachusetts) , Ger-' man and Italian sailors, who are awaiting action by the United States Immigration authorities, have begun a hunger strike and refused to sleep. The . sailors may be charged with hav ing overstayed 'the 60 days granted to alien seamen. This is a technical charge. They may be deported. 