— ' , — Sabotaging of Axis Skips Following the seizure of 70 Axis and Danish ships in American ports, the United States has placed 19 French merchant vessels, including the 83,432-ton luxury liner ormandie, "under surveillance," a high official of the Treasury Department has re-<*> vealed. This action is as the forerunner of the seizure of the French The Treasury official said that the i French vessels were being kept under watch by Coast Guard and port au- ! thorities. No additional seizures, he j added, were planned for the next 24 hours—presumably until President: Roosevelt returns from his fishing ' cruise in Florida waters. I .Germany and Italy have formally protested to the Government ofl the United States against the seizure of German and Italian ships in United States ports. There have been in dications from President Roosevelt and the Secretary of State (Mr Cor dell Hull) that the protests will be firmly rejected. The Secretary of State (Mr Cor dell Hull) was asked at a Press con ference on Monday whether the Gov ernment would protest to Germany and Italy for sabotaging their vessels in American harbours. He said that no one had yet questioned the abso lute legality of this country's action. Mr Hull declined to answer ques tions on the future disposition of the ships, asserting that the Govern ment had acted only because the ships were being sabotaged, and that there was a possibility of their being scuttled, to the detriment of Ameri can harbours. The Department of Justice has be gun deportation proceedings against 875 officers and men who were remov ed from Axis vessels. i Simultaneously, the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an investiga tion into the sabotage on the Italian craft with a view to prosecutions. It is believed that the result of the de portation proceedings will be that the crews will be interned for the dura tion of the war. Fifty-two officers and men of the Italian motorship Leme (8124 tons) have been arraigned before the Un ited States Commissioner at Portland, Oregon, on charges of sabotaging their vessel. Bail for members of the crew was fixed at 7500 dollars each. The bond for the master, Captain Giovanni Polonio, and for five other officers, was fixed at 10,000 dollars each. The defendants are being held in custody in lieu of the bond. At Boston (Mass.), 43 German and Italian marines began a non-sleep and hunger strike while they awaited immigration service action on their status after the seizure of their ships. The District Director of Immigration (Mr John Mulcahey) said that the members of the crews—l 6 Germans and 27 Italians—refused to go to bed on Monday night, and would not eat their breakfast yesterday. vessels, which are tied up in six United States ports. The sabotaging of Axis ships has spread to Central and South America. At a Costa Rican port twoships were set on fire and are likely to become total losses. At Callao, Peru, two German ships were set on fire by their crews after an attempt to escape from the port had been frustrated. The vessels were still burning yester day morning. After the seizure of an Italian ship at Havana (Cuba), bombs ex ploded outside the home of the Minister of State. 