THE NORMANDIE PLACED UNDER SURVEILLANCE U.S. Action Against 19 French Ships WASHINGTON, April 1. A.A.P. Following. the seizure of 70 Axis and Danish ships in American ports, the United States has placed 19 French mer chant vessels, including the 83,432-ton luxury liner Normandie, "under surveillance," a high official of the Treasury Depart ment has revealed. This action is interpreted as the forerunner of the seizure of the French vessels, which are tied up in six United States ports. The sabotaging of Axis ships has spread to Central and South America. At a Costa Rican port two ships were set on fire and are likely to become total losse:s. At Callao, Peru, two German ships were set on fire by their crews after an attempt to escape frorn the port had been frustrated. The vessels were still burning this morning. After the seizure of an Italian ship at Havana (Cuba), bombs exploded outside the home of the Minister of State. The Treasury official said that the French vessels were being kept under watch by Coast Guard and port authorities. No additional seizures, he added, were planned for the next 24 hours--presumably until President Roosevelt returns from his fishing cruise in Florida waters. Germany and Italy have formally pro tested to the Government of the United States against the seizure of German and Italian ships in United States ports. There have been indications from Presi dent Roosevelt and tlile Secretary of State (Mr. Cordell Hull) that the pro tests will be firmly rejected. Tile Secretary of State (MIr. Cordell Hull) was asked at a Press conference sesterday whether the Government would protest to Germany and Italy for sabo taging their vessels in American harbours. He said that no one had yet questioned the absolute legality of this country's action. MIr. Hull declined to awiswer questions on the future disposition of the ships, asserting that thie Government had acted only because the ships were being sabo taged, and that there was a possibility of their being scuttled, to the detriment of American harbours. The Department of Justice has begun deportation proceedings against 875 offi cers and men who were removed frolr Axis vessels. Simultaneously, thie Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an investigation into the sabotage on thie Italian craft with a vi'ew to prosecutions. It is believed that the result of the deportation proceedings rwill be that the crews will be interned for the duration of the war. Fifty- two officers and men of the Italian motorship Leme (8124 tons) have been arraigned before the United States Com missioner at Portland, Oregon, on charges of sabotaging their vessel. Bail for mem bers of the crew was fixed at 7500 dollars each. The bond for the master, Captain Giovanni Polonio, and for five other officers, was fixed at 10,000 dollars each. The defendants are being held if cus todly in lieu of the bond. At Boston (Mass.), 43 German and Ita lian nm,'ariners began a non-sleep and hunger strike while they awaited immi gratiori service action on their status after the seizure of their ships. The District Director of Immigration (MIr. John Itul cahey) said that the members of the crevs--16 Germans and 27 Italians-re fused to go to bed last night, and would not eat their breakfast to-day. No Danish Protest The Danish Legation in Washington said that it would not protest against the seizure of 39 Danish ships. Ai. Povl Bangjansen, the Danish At tache, said: "The Danish sailors feel very hurt that they have been associated in the mind of the public with sailors who sabotaged their ships. No Danish sailors sarmed their ships. It must be remember ed that 5000 Danish sailors are now sailing for Great Britain." The Treasury Department said' that the masters of all the seized Danish vessels, hlus a mnaximum of six Danish seamen, are being left on board their ships as a mat ter of courtes*y. The number of sailors per mitted to remain on board, it was an nomunced, varied with the size of thie vessel. \- The rest of the Danish seamen are being turned over to the immigration authori ties. It was indicated that they would receive preferential treatment, as com pared with the Italian and German sea men. 70 Ships Seized Thie Treasury has published a formal compilation of 70 ships, the seizure of which ranked as one of the highest of the war's sensations, even tending to rival the thrill of Admiral Cunningham's naval victory. The Treasury statement showed that 28 Italian, two German, and 26 Danish ships had been taken into custody by the Coast Guard, the Army, and the Navy in ports of the United States and the Panama Canal zone. Four other Danish vessels were taken over by tihe Navy in Philip pine waters. The Treasury said that all the crews had been removed. The 70 vessels aggregated 320,000 tons, including 169,000 Italian, 9000 German, and 142,000 Danish. Four Danish ships in Philippine waters were taken into protective custody yes terdav by the United States Navy. Admiral Hart. Commander-in-Chief of the United States Asiatic Fleet, said that the four ships were taken over by the Navy to prevent sabotage by their own renws. The four ships, which aggregate ?3,800 tons, are the Gertrude MIaersk (5038 tons), the Grete Maerskl (6570 tons), the Hulda MIaersk (801 tons), and the Marchen Maerskl (6580 tons). Sabotaging Spreads Sabotaging has resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships. The sabotaging of Axis vessels spread to Central and South Arierica yesterday. Two ships--one German and the other Italian-were set on fire by their crews at Puntarenas, Costa Rica, and are likely to become a total loss. Two German vessels at Callao, Peru, were set on fire by their crews, and were still burning this morning, after an attempt to escape from the port lhad been frustrated. An Italian freighter has been seized at Havana, Cuba. The ships sabotaged at Puntarenus were the German freighter Eisenach (4177 tons) and the Italian freighter Fells (6072 tons). They were set on fire by their crews yesterday morning and were still burning to-day. The are becomini. a total loss. The Costa Rican authorities removed 53 Italian and 48 German prisoners from a train a few kilomgetres from San Jose, the capital, and rushed them secretly to prison to avoid anti-Axis demonstrations. The official version of thie btrning of the vessels said that 40 armel police. under Police Director, Colonel Mannuel Rodriguez, moved to place a special guardl on board the ships in order to avoid sabotlge yesterday morning. Just as they cwere boarding thie vessels an ex plosion occurred. Tihe fire rapidly en veloped thie Eisenach entirely. One hIundredl and twenty Italian and German members of tie crews were de tained and charged with havineg committed sabotage. Attempt to Escape The German steanmers Leipzig and Mon serrate, loaded with cotton, tried to escape frolrc the outer anchorage at Callsia (Peru), but the cruiser Colonel Bolognesi frustrated them, forcing them to relturn to port. Thereupon tile German crews set fire to the ships. which continued to burn early 'this morning. Two other German steamers, the Her monthis and Mcuenchen (l5310 tons), hicve departed unexpectedly from Callao for acl unascertained destination. They disregard ed port formalities. Minister's Home Bombed The Cuban Navy yesterday seized the Italian freighter Recca (5-141 tons) at Havana. Afternwards, several small bombs exploded at thie hIome of thle Minister of State (Senor Jose Cortina). Thle Minister said that there was no doubt that the explosions were connectedl with the seizure of thie shici. He ex pressed the opinion that reembners of tile local Spanish Falange (Fascists) were involved. 