ICELAND It was said of the previous great war that it was the most liberal instructor in geography the modern world had known. A younger generation is having forced upon it, with still stronger emphasis, a wider knowledge of neglected places, many of which are assuming an importance quite out of proportion to their size or their normal association with other countries. The latest of these is Iceland. It has been looming distantly in the picture for some time, and now its military occupation by the United States has made it a centre of international Importance. Is it in the Eastern or the Western hemisphere? So long as Greenwich remains the standard meridian, Iceland is, of course, wholly in the western hemisphere, but it would not be surprising to find that Hitler's ambitions do not fall short of changes in matters like this. The two outstanding features of America's action are that it was taken with the complete accord of the people of Iceland, and that it is a very definite advance in Roosevelt's policy of assistance to the democracies, whatever the ultimate consequence of the rendering of such e assistance may be. It must be regarded as a part of the battle of the b Atlantic: a conflict in which Hitler W has achieved much success, but a conflict which the Government ani the C people of the United States are fully o determined shall end in establishing b the freedom of the seas. h Much has been written from time t to time about Iceland. Bryce, in his "Studies in History and Jurisprudence," devotes a fascinating chapter w t b to "Primitive Iceland." The introductory sentences are illuminating: t o "Iceland is known to most men f as a land of volcanoes, geysers, and glaciers. But it ought to be no less W interesting to the student of history as the birthplace of a brilliant literature in poetry and prose, and as the home of a people who have maintained for many centuries a high^ levei of intellectual cultivation. 7 ' He goes on to point out that Iceland is the only part of what is called the old world, that, was never occupied by a pre- historic race, and in which, therefore, the racial origin of the population is historically known. It is said that when the first Norwegian hettlers arrived m Iceland they found it few hermits of Irish race already established there, "but they contributed no element to the population of the Island, and can hardly be said to have a place in its history, which begins with the great Norwegian immigration." This took place in the late ninth and early tenth centuries and in the space of about sixty yeai s reached the surprising total of 5Q,000 people. A few years ago the Parliament of Iceland celebrated the thousandth anniversary of its establishment. No other parliament can boast so long a history. Its first assembly was called "the Thing" and it is from that we have the word "hustings" meaning "House Thing. 1 ' One of the most re- markable features of this primitive republic was the extremely limited range of its Governmental activities. Contrasting- these with the all-embracing scope of our modern parliaments—particularly in Australiaone may well ponder over the question: Does this development represent progress or retrogression? "There was no police, no armv. It did not need to have a foreign policy. There was neither public revenue, nor public expenditure, neither exchequer nor budget. No taxes were levied by the Republic, as indeed no expenses were incurred on its behalf." The fact that in spite of—or perhaps because of—this drastic limitation of governmental- activity order was maintained in the Island and the rights of the individual citizens were preserved, suggests that perhaps we have lost some of the art of good government and have mistaken change for advancement. Primitive* Iceland had a complex and highly developed legal system, such State organization as existed came into being for the sake of deciding law suits— and there it ended. As in the country of their origin (Norway) and also in Sweden, there is not the gVeat gap between rich and poor that to-day manifests itself as a dangerous anachronism in most democratic countries. "There was no single great family with hereditary claim to stand above the others, while all the leading families were animated by a high sense of pride and a prevailing sentiment of equality. This love of equality remains among the sons of old Norsemen both in Iceland and in Norway, and it is indeed stronger than anywhere else in Europe." Away back in the thirteenth century. Iceland recognized the Norwegian Crown and in 1814, when Norway was severed from the Danish and transferred to the Swedish Crown, the Icelanders wanted to go with Norway, -"but," says the hisj torian, "nobody at the Congress of I Vienna knew or cared about the matter: and so Iceland remains attached to Denmark for which shn has little love." Perhaps as a result of the degree to which modern wars extend the range of geograuhical kno-vledge, there may he 1e<s r.f • v« 1 •! knowing'' and "not caring" when the next peace conference enters upon its business. Perhaps, too, there yiay be a wider appreciation of the lessons, that lie in the story of the Icelanders: a handful of people scattered around the"edge of a vast and drearv wilder- I ^ . i , , . • 1 ncss that has maintained itself ' face of the overwhelming forces of nature, at a high level 0f culture, virtue and intelligence." When the hell-hounds of war have been driven back to their kennels, some of these smaller and less ambition.- commum ties may supply something it v|j] !,e worth the while of j he wori-. 1 to leer- 