seizure cat slip stfitoN IN UNfTED JKpih .3 AXIS PROTESTS ; IIMM TO BE REaECrri© * S \17ASHINGT0N, March 31:— The Treasnjcy^to-day pabjiikd a formal compilation ^ of70 »hips^the (»ei^re ofJ which ranked at one of the highest of the War's seh»tiq^t^eye]Q |ending to.nyal the thnfl of Admiral Cunningham's naval yictory* , ihe ireasury statement shdweq.tiiat 2o- Italian, two. German and 36 Danish slyps were taken into- 'custody i-y the Coastguard, , Army and Navy in pprts of the United States and Panama Canal zone. Four other Danish vessels were .taken ovfcr3-y ihe Navy in Philippine waters. . ^TTHE Treasury stated that all the crews, hagl-beeo removed. The 70, vessels agg£ejjaited .320,000 tons, including 169,660 tons' Italian, 9000 tons German, and 142,000 tons Dan ish. The sabotage resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships, and spread to C^ntfal^merica to-day when the' crews set Art' to one German ana one Italian ship5® Costa Hica. Germany and *5ltaly formally pro tested against tyL seizure of German and Italian shaSji There are indica-1 Senator Cord^U^Jbll that the protests wili^ firmly re^Ssted. The Justice Department has begun deportation proceedings against 873 officers and 'men who had been re-, moved from Axis vessels. Simultaneously the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an inquiry into sabotage on Italian craft with a view to , prosecution. It is believed that the | result of the -le$-ortaUon proceedings i will be that the crews will be interned j for the duratlori'of the ^war. j Federal offictals'sald it was quite possible that ^Government would j also take over the1 huge French liner/ XorinAiid^*lid ,fit^ otfier Trencli shifts tied up -here.1. I The French freighter, lie Douessant, sailed from INew York to-day for 1 a I destination -announced as Norfolk; but, I instead, dropped anchor off Staten Is- 1 land, amid rising soeculation as to, whether the Government ^lans action agai-nst French ships, similar to ' the seizure of German, Italian and Danish vessels. No explanation was available. French line officials said that they were not concerned by the interrup tion of the voyage,' and were confident that the ship would get a clearance to take a cargo of food and oil to Mar tinique. They said there were 15 French' 'ships m American ports, eight of them ' in 'Ne# Yortc, where the' 63,423-ton 'Normandie has been tied up since the beginning , of the war. TWO ^HII^ iFUtfcO _ The German freighter, Eisenach, (4177 tons),' and the Italian freighter Fella' (€072 tons), anchored at Putna Arenas In Costa Rica, were set on Are by their crews this morning. The official version of the burning of the refugee German -and Italian vessels says (hat 40 armed policie, under Police Director (Colonel Samuel* ftoariguezj, movea uj piace a bpecuti guard aboard the vessel. An explosion occurred, and the fire rapidly enveloped the Eisenach entirely. The Eisenach is considered a total loss, but^trenu ttus efforts 'are being made to control the Are aboard the Telle. One hundred aftd^O^Jttilian and -German Members of IW'tfofcTs' were detained and charg ed wttK^xbjAnhitting sabotage. A fme&age; Irom San Jose' states thBt four 'Danlm!'ships in ^Philippine waters were talren under protective custody to-day by the iUnitM Stated.' A heavy navy bombing -plane carried 15 men' to Sebu, lh the Central Philippines, to take over the' vessels lied up there. Naval creWs of IS men each boarded Ihree'Darilsh craft in Manila IBay. Ad niirai 'Hart, - ^Commander-in-Chief of the United States Asiatic (Fleet, said that -four ships were taken over by the navy '4o prevent sabotage by their own crews'. The four ships, which aggregated 23,000 tons, were the Gertrude, Maresk, Hulda Maresk and IHa Marrhmi Maresk. In Boston 43 German and Italian ; mariners be/an , a ban- ger strike' while they awaited the im migration service action on their status after the ships' seiture. The district director of immigration (iMr.F John -MulcaheyV said that . 16 Germans arid 27 Italians refused to go to bed last night and would not eat breakfast to-oay. In ' Havana the Navy seized the Italian freighter, fiecca, after which several small bombs exploded in the home of the Minister of State (Senor Josem Cortina), who said that they were undoubtedly connected with the seizure of the ships. 