70 SHIPS NOW HELD Italian, German and Danish Sensational Action By America WASHINGTON, March 31 The Treasury to-day published the formal compilation ol' 70 ships, Hie seizure ol which ranks us one of the highest of the war's sensations, even lending to rival the thrill of Admiral Sir Andrew Cunningham's naval vic tory in the Mediterranean. The Treasury statement showed that 28 Italian, 2 Geraisn and 36 Danish ships were taken into custody by the coastguard, army and navy in porU of the united States and the Panama Canal Zone. Fout other Danish ves sels were taken over by the navy in Philippine waters. The Treasury said that the crews had been removed. The 70 vessels aggregated 320,000 tons, including 169,000 Italian, 9000 German and 142000 Danish. < Sabotaging, which resulted in exten sive damage to at least 20 Italian ships, spread toCentral America, to-day when the crews set fire tp one Italian and one German ship in Costa. Rica. NEW YORK, March 31 Tlie German freighter Eisenach, of 4277 tons, and the Italian freighter Fella, of 6072 tons, anchored at Punta Arenas, in Costa fiica, were set on fire by their crews wis morning, a Gan Jose message states. An official version of the burning has been refused. It is said that 40 armed police, under the Police Direc tor, Colonel Manuel Rodriguez, moved to plape a special guard aboard the vessels. An explosion occurred, and fire rapidly enveloped the .Eisenach entirely. Hie Eisenach Is considered ft tttkl loss, but strenuous efforts, are betag made to control the fire aboard tlie Fella. One hundred and twenty Italian and German members of the crews were detained, and charged with com mitting sabotage. BOSTON, March 31 Forty-three German and Italian ma rlners began a non-sleep and hunger strike while they awaited the Immi gration Service action on their statu; after their ships' seizure. Tlie District Director of Immigration <Mr. John Mucahey) said that the crew Members, 16 Germans and 27 Italians, refused to go to bed last night and would not eat breakfast to day. LONDON, March 31. Tlie Australian Prime Minister, Ml'. R. G. Menzies, referring to the French Algiers Incident, said "I see no merit in the position of the Vichy Govern ment. The right to stop and search ships has been long established by in ternational law, end by nobody more than the French, who have collaborated with us for so long in the past. We have the right of belligerents to searcn. Apparently the British ship was exer cising this right, and Intended to stop n French ship, of which there was a strong suspicion it was carrying rub ber. I see nothing irregular or im proper on our side. The breach of In ? lernatlonal law was really by the French. "Two things last week were most battle, which should seriously affect Italian morale nnd also have a heart ening . effect on the Greeks and Yugo ftluvs. III fact the whole Balkans, Sec- j ondly (he ia.II ol Keren should mark J an early end ol the Abyssinian cam-1 paign. General Wavell told me ihe fail I of Keren should mean the end of serious resistance in East Africa " NEW YORK, Ajwil 1. | Mr. Cordcll Hull, a\ a pre:-* cujiier- j encc to-day, was asked whether ilie] Government would protest to Germany] and Italy against sabotaging their ves. j tels in American harbors. He said tlwli no-pye had yet questioned the absolute legality of tills country's action. He declined to answer a question on the future disposition of the ships, assert ing that the Government acted only because the ships were being sabotaged and the possibility of their being scuttled, to the detriment of American harbors. NEW YORK, March 31. The French freighter II Douessam called to-day for a destination an* nounced as Norfolk (Virginia), but in stead she dropped anchor off Statcn Island, amid rising speculation as to whether the Government planned some action-against French ships sim ilar to the seizure of German, Italian and Danish vessels. No explanation was available. French Line officials said they were not concerned by the interruption or the voyage, and were confident that the ship would grt a clearance to take a cargo of food and fuel to Martinique. They said there were 15 French ships In American ports, eight of them in New York, where the 83,423 tons Nor mandie has been tied up since the be ginning of the war. Fifty-two officers and men of the Kalian motorship l^eme were arraign ed before a United States Commis sioner, charged with sabotaging the vessel. The crews' bail was fixed &t; 7500 dollars each, and the bond for Captain Giovannia polonio and five] other officers at 10.000 dollars' each. j The defendants were held in lieu of j oud. ! NEW YORK. March 31 I Federal officials said it was Quite j possible that the Government would! also take ever the huge French liner | Normandie fund five other French I ships tied UP here. 