SHIPS' SEIZED BY USA. Enemy Vessels In American Ports WASHINGTON, March 30. It is now disclosed that all enemy controlled merchant vessels in Amen can ports have been seized by th« United States authorities. Acting under instructions from Wash' Ington, coastguard services have takei possession of 86 ships in American terri- torial waters extending from th« Panama Canal zone to Boston Harboui in Massachusetts. Guards have been placed on 36 Danial merchant shipB, 28 Italian ships, and tw< email German cargo vessels. ? Approximately 1600 German and Ita lian seamen are in custody. The Secretary to the Treasury (Mi Mergenthau) has ordered coastguards ta board all Italian ships tied up in Uni tee States territorial waters to prevent fur- ther damage to vessels at the hands ol Italian seamen. - The Treasury announced that coast- guard men were taking possession of Ita- lian ships which they had previously boarded. A message from Balboa stated thal four lorry-loads of American soldiers and sailors boarded the Conte Bian caxnano, while a United Stages destroyei stood by. The .Conte Biancamona's crew were taken ashore and will probably be placed in a concentration camp at Calanzone. The «hip's officers conferred with Ameri en army and navy officials on thc idge, after which the Calanzone autho- rities issued the following statement: **On instructions from Washington the Conte Biancamona was taken over by military and naval guards." Coastguards at Boston have been or- dered to place guards aboard two Ger- man freighters there. It is stated that this does not constitute a seizure. There are only three German ships in Ameri- can waters. EXTENSIVE SABOTAGE. ¡A coastguard official in Washington said that Italian crews had,been smash fug machinery and starting fires in an effort to render ships useless. Many vere near sinking point. Twenty-«even . ware involved in 14 porte. This savxrre ordered was issued under the Merchant Ship Control. Act, which ia designed to protect American ports. Italian crews will be removed tempor- arily and taken into custody by .coast- guards. Thereafter their fate is uncer- tain. Some may be charged wjth sabot- age, after which they would face trial by tbevFederal Court on the theory that the aabotage on ships in port endangers the whole port. There are £6 Italian freighters in v~tiuted State» continental ports, one . mt Puerto Rico and one at Calanzone. NEWABK (New Jersey), March 80. Police «tate that sabotage was discov- ered on board five italian ships which at coastguard boarded at Newark early today. The engines of all five ships sw severely damaged, apparently by acetylene torches and «mibuetible ' materials. The ships were in a posi- tion to enable them to be set on fire mt a moment'« notice. PORTLAND (Oregon), March 30. fifty-five coastguards, armed with sub-machine gujis, boarded the Italian snotorship Lerne and found the engines, generators, and gears smashed with .ledge hammers, the engineroom, turnea foto a shambles, and wiring cut on the midge. A Washington message says that in future Ships that are seized by the Gov _ 'eminent will be lun^d over to immi- gration authorities. It is believed in Washington that Germany and Italy are attempting by sabotage to prevent the United States from taking over Italian and German .*ips v.fo£ trade ia the Western Hemi- sphere, The fact that German ships ; .nave sailed from Brazil to run'the Brit- ish blockade hag given rise to specula- tion whether the Axis partners are ex- pecting-tile American nation to follow ike United States' «sample, or whether tfermanyand Italy with Japan intend to «lopt increasing aggressive activities .. against the United States. Ti ia pouted ont that there are 36 Italian, SO neutral, and 40 Ger- man ships tied np in Sooth Amen . Can ports.. HOW SABOTAGE WAS DISCOVERED. WASHINGTON, March 30. It jj authoritatively stated that the Italian saboteurs are attempting to forestall the American seizure of Axis «hips for transfer to Britain. The. sabotage was accidentally discovered by the port authorities at Wilmington, who attempted to move an Italian freighter and found the engine dam- aged, whereupon the authorities ,in speted other ships in port. lb Mergenthau telephoned Presi- dent Roosevelt and obtained per- suasion to take into custody all Axis ships. It is understood that a protest ia expected from Italy and Germany tomorrow. Mean- while the legal status of the ships is obscure. Some authorities con- tend that the Government ia en- titled to commandeer, but probably the question will be referred to the , courts which ia likely to mle that the Government can take possession provided that it financially compen- sates the owners. Senator George suggested buying the \- ships for Britain. Senator Wheeler declared that it wa« another act of war. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY. WASHINGTON, March 30. Sear-Admiral Russel Wasche, com- mander of the coastguard, said the Danish ships had been taken into pro- tective custody because it was feared that there would be possible sabotage against them- However, he said, there waa no evidence of sabotage or at- tempted sabotage on Danish ships. The Danish ships seized yesterday totalled about 300,000 tons. The captain of one of the Italian ships said that about lo days ago he received orders from the Italian naval attache in Washington to damage bis .bip and he carried out the order. Officials say that 20 Italian ships have been rendered unseaworthy hut that all tte others are seaworthy. 