A GERMAN ON GERMANY. — ( $ ) — QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. GERMAN CHRISTIANITY. In: a. series of articles on "Inside the War," answers to American correspondents are given by Joseph C. Harsch, 1 Berlin " <JorreSpondent of "The Christian Sfelenfce 'Monitor," who is now in the" United States. He .states :— "To many questions asked concerning Germany to-day there can be Ho categorical > answers, it is possibly to indicate some of the significant trends in; the Third Reich'. > Christianity. Question: Is it possible that Hitler and his regime have got the German people to think that .they do not need God? Question: Is it true that the German people are forbidden to believe in God as has been taught to them by the church; and if it is, do they not fear they are headed towards calamity by deviating from Christian principles ? Answer: The Nazi party lias attempted to/substitute a pagan German cult for Christianity. But this has never been elevated into an official policy of the State and its success has been limited. The great majority of Germans are at least titular Ghristions and maintain some connection with one or another Christion church. The pagan movement has been more or less put aside during the war. The army has always considered the Christian religion a useful means of sustaining the morale of troops in the field and army regulations provide for regular, official services and observances: Since the beginning of the war Herr Hitler has mentioned God in his speeches with increasing frequence. However, there is a notable disinclination among German men to participate in civilian. church services, a condition which dates back from before the beginning^ ot the Hitler regime. One could ! hardly say that . Christianity is a vital, advancing movement in Germany to- Howeyerr k is THtereaUng that on the streets of Berlin last Christmas large crowds gathered around street musicians who played the old, familiar Christian carols which were not nsed by the German radio stations that season. Helping France. Question.: How may we prove our- elves true to the France which will emerge from the chaos of to-day? Answer: By never betraying the ideals of "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity" which were the foundations of both French and American democracy, and by proving to France by our own adherence to those ideals that they are real, valid and lasting. We must keep that torch aloft as a visible and continuing proof that they have not been destroyed for France by conquest, only temporarily set aside because France itself had failed to live up to them. France will come back to them, and thank us profoundly, for keeping them alive, if we do this. Meanwhile, we should show a more undersatnding appreciation of the present predicament France is ;in. Instead of being so prone to condemn when France is prostrate and helpless we should encourage- by. a greater moral support and by giving to the still shrewd, although woefully handicapped, diplomacy of Vichy somewhat more practical aid instead of driving it deeper and deeper into the German pocket. U.S. Was Warned. Question: As a delegate of a representative government responsible to an electing citizenship, why was not Ambassador Dodd's diary, just published, driven "home" to us at home 1 Who or what was responsible for this un-American quiescence, timidity, fear, in informing us in. 1935 ? Is the administration at fault ? Answer: The printed speeches of Cordell Hull, beginning before 1935, show vigorous, repeated warning, to .the American people of what was going on in Germany and its meaning. President Roosevelt made his famous "quarantine" speech in Chicago on. October 5, 1937. I think that lets the administration out. The fact is that Mr Hull's early warnings went almost unheeded and he and the President were both repeatedly branded as "alarmists" and "warmongers" by every element in the country which did not want to believe the sort of things Ambassador Dodd tells in his boob on his experiences in Germany. The real culprit lay in inner reluctance on the part of almost everyone to believe that the danger existed. Miss Dorothy Thompson started her warnings even earlier than Mr Hull. It took a long time before people really accepted her analysis of the danger seriously. Go back through the press of that period and you will nd press of that period and you will find only a dearth of reaction to them .in the public at large. Why the Nazis ? Question: I would be very grateful if Mr Harsch would explain why National Socialism came about at all. Also what its platform^ is. I Answer: National Socialism came tahoat because inflation, economic de- pression and the failure of democratic ! diplomacy to adopt either a policy | .of conciliation or firmness towards Germany provided an ideal breeding ground for the revival of latent German militant imperialism. The economic sufferings of the world from 1929 on, for which no one individual is to blame, and the incoherent, diplomatic incompetence of democratic statesmanship, for which every peaceloving nation, including the United States, is heavily to blame, paved Herr Hitler's path. These conditions destroyed both the self-confidence of the democratic element in German politics and their credit with the dis-. .satisfied German masses. The latter turned with relief to something which promised them everything a.politician! could promise, which appealed to their national pride, and which happened to represent the dangerous impulses in Germany which have their counterpart in every other country. The result was humanly inevitable. The platform, of National Socialism is of no current importance. It was framed for its propaganda appeal and •has never provided anything more than slogans for public consumption. The 25 "demands" of the National Socialist German workers' party thus remain essentially an historical curiosity. They call for union of Germans under the principle bf selfdetermination of peoples, equality of Germans with other nations, and abrogation of the treaty of Versailles. They demand land and colonies, and exclude further immigration of non- Germans. Jews are barred from citizenship, and public offices made attainable only by Reich citizens. In the social realm,, they demand that the state provide working and living possibilities for its citizens, and that all citizens have the same rights and duties. The state is called upon to care for the aged, provide equalised educational opportunities, care for health of by. protection of mother and child, curb child labor, and furnish athletic programmes for its citizens. Religious freedom is demanded, while strict state control of the press is condoned. Confiscation of war profits are demanded, as well as nationalisation of all trusts, distribution of profits of : large . industries, communalisation of large department stores, and strict control of shopkeepers in their sales to the State. Finally, the party demanded that the "mercenary" army be abolished and that a people's army be developed; that a strong central authority in the Reich be set up with a central parliament and professional chambers to carry out laws promulgated by the Reich in the Federal States. Gerfnan Wages. Question: What would happen if Germany were to suddenly stop making armaments ? What were conditions before the armament boom ? How is it that the leaders in Germany are living in. great luxury ? What are the wages paid the workers compared with those wages paid in America ? What are the housing conditions ? Answer: Probably over 50 per cent, of all German, workers would be thrown out of employment at once if the manufacture of armaments ceased. Some plants could be reconverted to peaceful production quickly. But that depends on a good many ifs." The total loss of employment would probably far exceed the capacity of Germany to absorb them even in public works, unless the condition which brought about the change was German, victory. It is, of course, obvious and well known that unemployment in Germany has been "solved" by (1) mobilisation of over 5,000,000 men in the armed services, (2) armament manufacturing, and (3) public works projects which are often uneconomic and always pay lower than, prevailing wages, in fact barely enough for minimum subsistence standards. The actual normal wage of a German unskilled worker is about 30 marks per week - which had roughly the purchasing power in pre-war Germany of 10 dollars a week in the United States. Skilled labor sometimes gets as high as 50 marks week, although this is getting into brackets of considerable skill. Housing conditions are good in quality and low in rents. The deficiency severe overcrowding due to lack of new housing construction during the Nazi regime. The skilled worker in Germany is, of course, far below the American skilled worker in purchasing power. Leaders in Germany live in great luxury because they inhabit the palaces or castles of expropriated Jews or members of the old aristocracy or upper class who have left Germany or been dispossessed for political "crimes," because they have ample party sources of income addition to their official salaries, and because they have means of obtaining food and clothing outside of the rationing system, especially from occupied countries. "Recruited" Labor. Question: It has been reported often that Germany "recruits" people from the conquered countries to work in Germany. To what extent ? What is their status, that of hired hands or slaves ? Another report is that Germans seize the wealth—banks, stores, etc. of the subjugated cities. This is pure &S; spoil of war, isn't it ? And what disposition do they make of the former owners ? Answer: Workers are heavily recruited from every conquered country. The total figures are not known, reliably. I have seen estimates which ran to over 1,000,000 at present time. My own information leads me to believe that 500,000 would be an absolute minimum, with the probable total perhaps as high as 1,000,000. Their status depends on the place of origin. All are paid wages, partly in German marks, but most goes to their families at home in local currency. A Czech or Polish worker is arbitrarily moved to Germany at the will of the German employment service. Such a worker is not free either to return home or to leave a job assigned to him. In that sense he is a slave. Italian workers are "recruited" with the co-operation of the Italian government. Danish workers are:recruited directly by German employers working through the German -consulates Jn-Denmark on the basis of attractive terms, but without compulsion, Strictly speaking, none of them is any more "slave" than the German worker is. They are assigned to jobs and they must remain at that job for whatever time their contract calls for. German acquisition of privately owned property in conquered coun- tries is always accomplished through superficially legal means. The money with which it is purchased is usually either currency captured during the occupation, or currency created by inflation of captured currency. Outright confiscation or seizure is employed only in cases of persons convicted of political opposition to the regime. Of course this category can be made rather broad. But generally speaking, it is done through currency manipulation and pressure of various kinds. The process results in the gradual liquidation of the native propertied element and the transfer of ownership or control of commercial or industrial property into German hands by means which are financially profitable to Germany and Germans. The dispossessed native property owners will be driven down into the lower white-collar classes or even into the laboring class in time, if Germany wins the war. Naziism's Appeal. Question: Could you telL us what there is about Hitler's ideas and plans that appeal to so many in this country, both home grown and imported ? I am appalled at the extent of pro-German and anti-British sentiment among ,the poor and ignorant. When Hitler speaks of the haves and the have-nots, do they think he means to transfer them from the have-nots to the haves ? Answer: Hitler's Naziism has done remarkably effective job of posing at being all things to all men. When Naziism wishes to attract the support of capitalists it purports to be anti-labor. 1 am astonished at the number of American business men. who have fallen for this line. If they could talk to their business men colleagues in Germany they would be likely to change their views. When Naziism wishes to attract the support of labor it purports to be anticapital. I am equally astonished at the number of working people who take it seriously. They, too, might advisedly consult with working people in Gerrbany. Nazism also started out to crusade for the dwindling lower middle class in Germany. It is still dwindling. The truth is that people of all classes in Germany are paying the price of miitarism, conquest, and the private welfare of the group which has taken control of Germany. There is no reason evident iu Germany to-day for any so cial or economic group in America believing that its special group interests would be advanced by German Naziism. The only group in the United States which could hope to be transferred from the have-na ts to the haves by the importation of German Naziism would be those of German birth or German descent who would choose to support German Nasi revolution in this country. 