Commpnta'iy on Woild pffai'Li The Offensive in Libya ..... (ryJSul T HE long pause in Libya is over at last, and the third phase of the war there has been opened by a powerful offensive drive of the British armoured columns, backed .by the close support of the Mediterranean Fleet. Whether the enemy has been taken unawares or not, it is clear that, while our own force is many times stronger than last year, and has now fully adequate air support, we have to expect a far sterner resistance from Rommel Germans than from the half-hearted troops under Graziani. The beginnings, however, have been very ausp ICIOUS. Banlia and Fort Capuzzo have fallen to the New Zealanders, a large number of the enemy s armoured forces seem to have been destroyed or captured, and a wedge has been thrust behind the enemy s line of retreat and supply. When an observer as shrewd as Sir Thomas Blarney expresses the view that the tan* fight has -"virtually won" the battle for Cyrenaica, the plain citizen is fully justified in indulging in optimistic anticipations. Li this desert fighting—which is more like war at sea than ordinary land war, even of the new mobile sort—it appears that everything may depend on the first day or even the first few hours of the struggle. In this case, the "break through" at Itezegh, some ten miles south of the Tobruk defence line, has placed a large part of Rommel's force in imminent danger of destruction unless it can force its way out of the trap. This has been attempted, apparently, further south—to the west of Fort Capuzzo—but, so far, without success. Meanwhile, a separate battle, has taken place with the Italian forces now separated from their allies at El Gubbi. At the time of writing, Rommel's armoured forces west of Tobruk had still to be dealt with; and their strength is not revealed. We are warned that an outflanking movement may be attempted between Sidi Omar and Jarabub; while the problem of the British—as always in these swift thrusts—is ' to maintain supply lines while seeking out the enemy's panzer units for destruction. The relief of Tobruk appears imminent; but the bulk of the Australian forces there has already been withdrawn and replaced by a naval operation of unique skill; so that only a few will be present at the final moment of triumph. The Dismissal of Weygand F a completely decisive success is obtained, it is I expected that the advance will not be halted at the border of Cyrenaica, but that an attempt will be made to press on to Tripolitania so as to achieve the destruction of the whole enemy force in North Africa. It is possibly in view of this danger that the Germans have used pressure on Marshal Petain's Government to remove' General Weygand from his post in Africa, since they are said to haye feared that he might make difficulties for them in the event of a retirement into Tunisia. Another explanation suggested is that they hope fot a new commander who will play a role like that of General Dentz in Syria—a role which " Weygand declined. In any case, if Libya is lost, and any considerable force is able to cross the frontier into French territory, we must expect intensive pressure at Vichy for the "Axis" control of French North African bases, , especially Bizerta and Casablanca, and perhaps for the convoy of African supplies and troops for the "Axis" by the French fleet. I would suggest, however, that British and American press accounts of the Weygand incident should be received with very great caution. That the American State Department has taken the General's removal seriously seems clear; but it is officially denied that Washington has information of any French decision to aid Germany directly. Suggestions that Weygand has been engaged in some kind of scheme for independent action in collaboration with America and Britain—either at Dakar or Casablanca—do not seem at all probable to me; but if such action was considered, it would appear that lack of restraint in press discussion has played the enemy's game by warning him. Whatever Weygand's view of the policy to be pursued towards Germany, however, no one has questioned his devotion to Petain; and this notion of a "separate plan" would certainly have involved, ultimately, a breach with the Marshal and a junction with the Free Frcnch leader—or perhaps the taking over of the leadership by Weygand himself. Such a line, of conduct appears inconsistent -with all that we know of this great soldier's character and career. As to the rest of the journalistic chatter, in which Darlan once again appears as the double-dyed villain, passing on Weygand's'complaints against "Axis" penetration to Berlin, it can safely be treated with contemptuous scepticism, as devoid of any foundation, save in malice. A "Press Holiday" Heeded ANY thoughtful Australians who have read the accounts of the American- Japanese negotiations, and commentaries on the Far East generally, must have echoed the thought expressed recently by Mr. Kurusu: "We've had naval holidays; why can't we have a press holiday?" It seems obvious that in Great Britain and America, as well ^s in Japan itself, there are powerful agencies at work whose only object is to exacerbate the already serious situation by -continuing to hammer home the impression that "war is inevitable" and that any settlement on terms of less than abject surrender by Toky6 is "appeasement." Meanwhile, there have been reports of troop-movements—which seem to be grossly exaggerated; a story of a new demand on the French to increase the Japanese force in Indo- China, which has been formally denied; and suggestions about a plan to establish Japanese air-bases in Siam, which are founded on nothing but the vaguest kind of rumour. "Authoritative information" has it that a "general impression" exists that only a miracle can bring about the success of Kurusu's mission—but it would appear that the Nippon Yusen Kaisha believes in miracles—or, at least, in the real possibility of peace—since it has just signed a new ten-year agreement for the use of the Seattle railway and docking facilities. One thing is plain—that the "well^nformed" people have no substantial basis whatever for the accounts which they give of the progress of the talks at Washington. Nobody is telling the press anything; both Roosevelt and the Japanese negotiators are experts at the art of courteous evasion. The "Daily Herald" of Britain—though its quoted views on foreign affairs are seldom sensible—has, perhaps, spoken truly in saying that the real struggle is not at Washington, but still in Tokyo; for the bold speech of Mr. Miyazawa in the Diet is a sign that grave misgiving exists about the policy of the Government, though it is seldom expressed as openly as this. For the rest, a Shanghai correspondent has suggested the possible lines of a temporary accommodation which might conceivably be arranged—especially since America's own position is complicated by the great coal strikes; a Japanese undertaking not to attack Siberia, and the withdrawal of troops from Indo-China, being exchanged for a lifting of the economic and financial embargo, and the "good offices" of the United States in arranging terms, if possible, with China. Mr. Ingersoll Wants to Destroy Japan T HE most flagrant piece of "warmongering" which I have yet read concerning the Japanese crisis is the article of Mr. Ralph Ingersoll, editor of "P.M.," which appeared in last Saturday's "Herald." This writer declares plainly that "the defence of the United States calls for the destruction of the Japanese Empire"—a which is worthy of Hitler himself. sentiment He believes that "the threat of Japan to take away our rubber and tin" is sufficient justification for embarking upon a war to the death—and that the best time is now, since delay may "let her out of the box" if Russia is obliged to withdraw her army from the Far Eastern frontier. Japan is denounced as a criminal —a "stabber in the back"—because she has always taken advantage of the preoccupation of other lowers to improve her position in the Orient—as though the policies of her opponents had never been guided by any such calculations of selfinterest! The idea that she may have any sound claim to expansion for the satisfaction of her needs is not considered for a moment, or that there even a possibility of averting slaughter by an agreement based on a will to justice. is Instead, we are given a picture—painted with eager enthusiasm —of how her great cities may be destroyed by incendiaries dropped from a great height—apparently without the least concern for nonsense about "military objectives." As regards Mr. Ingersoll's strategic visions, I am incompetent to pass a judgment—though I have no faith in the views of most newspaper-men on such matters, any ftiore than on international ethics: but I think his whole article is a horrid example of the growing inhumanity and immoralism induced by conflict. Every consideration but that of "power-politics" is simply ignored: the Japanese people might be wooden puppets, living in dolls' houses, for all this writer cares—they, their needs, their empire, must all be swept aside and obliterated so that the security of American trade and interests may not be challenged. While such statements as this appear in our own press, we have no right to denounce the violent and aggressive tone of that of Japan. We can only pray, for the sake of the futurf of the Pacific, that views like those of Mr. Ingersoll may not dominate the counsels and policy of the men who rule in Washington. Siam and the Powers INCE Siam (or "Thailand," S if you wish) is in the news a good deal just now, and may be even more prominent in the near future, the time seems opportune to say a word of that country and its relations with the other Powers of the Far East. Ten years ago the kingdom was an Oriental State governed on traditional lines—a happy land, but also a field for untrammelled exploitation by foreign interests, in which retail trade was largely in the hands of the Chinese immigrant merchants. The bloodless revolution which then occurred established a Parliamentary "democracy" on the Western model—but it also put an end to the privileged status of the foreigners. The bitterness resulting from this—which led to an attempt at counterrevolution fomented by the traders—has given opportunities for Japanese propaganda and influence; while the ill-feeling of the Chinese, due partly to measures to restrict their sending of the enormous profits from their trade out of the country, has resulted in a hostile propaganda against the Siamese abroad, whose effect of distortion has been grave. The notion that Siam is. either voluntarily or involuntarily a "puppet" of Japan is false as describing her present attitude: but the lack of sympathy which it has induced may well prove dangerous, since it may result in bringing that very situation into existence. Already it has led to one error of diplomacy, when Britain and America signified their "disapproval" of Siamese demands—which had solid justification—for the rectification of the frontier with Indo-China: a change which has since been accomplished, after bloodshed, by the mediation of Japan, with the result of enhancing that Power's prestige, enabling it to play the part of a "big elder brother" to this fine little nation. Apart from this, however, it is clear that Japan gained nothing in the way of commitments in favour of her "new order." She has no "advisers" in the Siamese Government, and no economic or political grip of the land at present. There are fifteen important Japanese firms at Bangkok, and a number of smaller ones in the country; but the number of Chinese businesses is many times greater, and the British interests are also more important—not to mention other foreign firms— German, French, Danish and Swiss. There are no Japanese military bases: the Japanese navy is not in control in the Siamese Gulf, nor are preparations being made to-cut a Japanese canal across the Kra Isthmus. All these things may happen, of course, especially if there is wpr in the Far East—but they have not happened yet: and Siam would do her utmost to resist any such development. The present rulers are strongly nationalist—their desire is to be entirely independent of both sides in the Far Eastern struggle, while remaining on terms of true friendship with Great Britain. In case of a conflict, Japan will have friends, especially among the army officers: and the ill-will against the Chinese will have its effect. But pro- British sentiment still preponderates, and we may hope to see it strengthened further by wise diplomacy and respect for Siamese feelings and aspirations, especially now that our defensive position has improved in East Asia generally. ? Churchill Roosevelt Hiroshito 