SEIZURE OF AXIS SHIPPING Protest Lodged at Washington » ... -J V-i:: DEPORTATION MOVE Australian Associated Press WASHINGTON, April 1. Germany and Italy /have formally protested to America against the seizure of German and Italian ships. However, there are indications from Mr. Roosevelt and Mr. Cordell Hull that the protests will be firmly rejected, ... At Havana (Cuba) the IIS. Navy seized the Italian freighter Recco .'(5595 tons) , after which several small !bombs exploded at the home of the Minister of Stqte, Senor Jose :M. Corina. He said that' undoubtedly the explosions were, connected with the seizures. He expressed the- opinion that ., the local Spanish Falarige (Fascist body)- was in volved in the outrage. Meanwhile the U.S. Department of Justice has begun deportation proceedings against 875 officers and men who were removed from the seized ves sels. Simultaneously the Federal Bureau of In formation has opened an investigation into sabot age on the Italian craft. Prosecutions are con templated. It is believed that as a result of the deportation proceedings the crews will be interned for the duration of the war. A high Treasury official re vealed that the. United States has placed 19 French merchantmen, including the Normandie, under surveillance. . This is inter preted as the forerunner of the seizure of these vessls, which are tied up in six .United States ports. At Portland (Oregon) 52 offi cers and men of the Italian motor ship Leme were arraigned before the . United States Com- . missioned on charges of sabotag ing the vessel. .They were granted bail at 7500 dollars each. The bond for Captain. Giovanni Po- lonio and five other officers was - fixed: at 10,000 dollars each. The Danish Legation said it would not protest- against the; ; seizure of Danish ships. An offi cial said that the Danish sailors felt very hurt that they had been - associated in the mind of the, - public with sailors who had sabo-. . .. taged their ships. . No Danish - sailor had harmed .their ships. It" - must be remembered that 5000 Danish sailors were now sailing - - for Britain. The Treasury said the masters of all -the seized Danish vessels ... plus a maximum of six Danish seamen would be left aboard their' " ships. The remainder of the Dan ish seamen would be turned over s to the immigration authorities.- -. They would probably receive pre- ferential treatment as compared with Italian and German sea men. Ship Destruction Sabotage, which resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships, spread to Central America on Monday when, the crews set fire to one German and one Italian ship in a Costa Rlcan port. The ships are in flames and will become a total loss. The autho rities removed 53 Italian and 48 Ger man prisoners from a train a few kilometres from the capital, and rushed them secretly to prison to avoid anti-Axis demonstrations. A Callao (Peru) German, report says the German steamers Leipzig and Mortserrate, loaded with cotton, tried to escape from the outer anchorage, but the cruiser Colonel Bolognes frus? trated the move and forced them to return to port, whereupon the Ger man members of the crew set fire to the ships. They continued to burn throughout the night. The German steamers 1 Hermonthis and Muenchen departed unexpectedly for an unascer tained destination. They disregarded the port formalities. Official details of the circumstances in which the German freighter Eise nach and the Italian ship Fella- were set on fire while lying at anchor at" Punta Arenas, South Chile, disclose that forty armed police, under the Police Director (Colonel Manuel Rod- : riguez) were preparing to mount spe cial guards aboard the ships to avoid sabotage. As the police were hoarding the ships an explosion occurred, and ; fire rapidly enveloped the Eisenach, which is now considered a total loss. 