50 YEARS AGO (Compiled lrom tlie files- of the Chron icle for the week ended August 22. 1891.) Brisbane Exhibition. — Tlie judging ot j the district exhioits at the Brisbane I Exhibition resulted: Ipswich 1. Eastern' Downs 2. Laidley 3. The exhibits from Maryborough were not srHieiently . numerous to do credit to the town or surrounding district. In produce the *ection was opecially weak, only otic exhibitor from Tiaro sending down anything of note. The collection of indigenou.* t imbers. however. a^. especially .uood.. and the sugar-cane from the Island stood hear! and ever seen in the South. Jelunga Immigrants. — Eighteen im- migrants by the S.S. Jelunga arrived in Maryborough by the Ranelagh. Eight single girls went on to Bunda- berg, three single girls to Gympie, and two more were open for engagement at the depot. Among the members was a Danish family going to friends at Pialba, the head of whom was a cigar maker— a real expert. He intended commencing the industry as early as possible, even if he had to purchase imported leaf. The article reads— 'This is a fine opening for our farming friends to make a new and lucrative departure from the corn-cum- sugarcane growing that has kept our farming community poor so long.' P. and A. Society's Sliuw Entries. — Entries 1 or the show were very i numerous in must section.*. An in teresting lot ot exhibits then .-howing at the Brisbane Exhibition would be sent on to the Maryborough Show, to take place on the following uce k Industries busy. — The sawmill?- and foundries were very busy, and likely to remain so for -ume time, while the sugar mill.* and collieries were in lull swing. Coiik relational Church. — The Con gregational Church was expected lo he re-opened for services in a few weeks' time by a capable and experienced minister from England. The Rev. H Joplin ol StnuVrland. had acceir.ed an imitation from the Queensland Con gregational Union to lake charge of the work. Mr. .loplin had been in the Engiish Congrccat ional ministry for about 12 years, and had held pastorates at Yarrow-on-Tvnc. HuJl ami Sunder land. From our English File.-— 'Tho Sceie lary ol Slate for War gave a brilliant reception to a distinguished company, including the Prince and Princess ol Wales, in ihe Royal Banqueling-hall. Whitehall, formerly Cardinal Wolsey's palace. In the the electric i' 1 ( * wec^fli^H^^MH^o f the -A l- been f e 1 1 