SEIZED AXIS SHIPS. FURTHER U.S. ACTION. TOTAL NOW SEVENTY. FORMAL PROTESTS LODGED. WASHINGTON, March 31.-Four Danish ships in Philippine waters were taken into protective custody by the United States navy today. These four brought to 70 the total of Axis-con trolled ships seized by the United States. An official statement shows that 66 (not 65, as at first stated) were taken yester day on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts and in the Panama Canal zone. The dramatic descent by the Coast Guard, which acted on Treasury instructions because of evidence of sabotage by Italian crews, has come to Americans as one of the biggest sensations of the war, even tending to rival the thrill caused by the British naval triumph in the Mediter ranean. Germany and Italy lodged formal pro tests at Washington today. There are indications from President Roosevelt and the Secretary of State (Mr. Cordell Hull) that the protests will be firmly rejected. There were sequels in neighbouring ter ritories today. The Cuban Government seized an Italian freighter at Havana; and a German freighter and an Italian freighter anchored at Punta Arenas, Costa Rica (adjoining Panama to the north). were set on fire by their crews. In addi tion, two German ships were set on fire by their crews in a Peruvian port. Two others escaped at night. A statement issued by the Treasury today said thi-t 28 ItalIan, 2 Ger man and 26 Danish ships were taken into custody by the Coast Guard and the army and navy in ports of the United States and the Panama Canal zone yes terday. With the four Danish vessels taken over in the Philippines today, there were 70 vessels, aggregating 320,000 tons. The tonnage was as follows:-Italian. 169,000 (including the 23,255-ton liner Conte Blancamano); German, 9,000; Danish, 142,000. All the crews had been removed. Sabotage. had resulted in ex tensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships. At a Press conference today, Mr. Hull was asked whether the United States Government would protest to Germany and Italy for the sabotaging of their vessels in American harbours. He said: "No one has yet questioned the absolute legality of this country's action." He declined to answer questions on the future disposition of the ships, asserting that the Government had acted only be cause ships were being sabotaged and be cause of the possibility of their being scuttled, to the detriment of American harbours. Legal Proceedings Begun. The Justice Department began depor tation proceedings today against 875 offi cers and men removed from the Axis vessels. Simultaneously, the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an in vestigation into the sabotage on Italian craft, with a view to prosecutions. It Is believed that as a result of the depor tation proceedings the crews will be in terned for the duration of the war, At Portland (Oregon), 52 officers and men from the Italian motorship Leme (8,059 tons), the machinery of which was smashed with sledgehammers and the engine room turned into a shambles, were arraigned before a United States Commissioner today on a charge of hav ing sabotaged the vessel. The. members of the crew were allowed bail of 7,500 dollars (about ,£1,875 sterling) each. For Captain Giovanni Polonia and five other officers bond was fixed at 10,000 dollars each (f2,500). The defendants were held in lieu of bond. At Boston, 43 German and Italian mar iners began a non-sleep and hunger strike last night while they awaited action by the Immigration Service on their status as a result of the seizure of their ships. The District Director of Immigration (Mr. John Mulcahey) said that the men, of whom 16 were Germans and 27 Ital ians, refused to go to bed last night and would not eat breakfast today. The Treapsury said tonignt that the masters of all the seized Danish vessels, wath a maximum of six Danish seamen each, were being left on board their snips as a matter of courtesy. The num ber of sailors permitted to remain on board varied with the size of the vessel. The rest of the Danish seamen were being turned over to the Immigration authorities. It was indicated that they would receive preferential treatment, corn pared with the Italfan and German sea 'ihe Danish L.egatlon said that . it would not protest against the seizure of Danish ships. M. Povi Banglansen, an attache, said: "The Danish sailors feel very hurt that they are associated in the mind of the public with sailors who have sabotaged their ships. No Danish sailors have harmed their ships. It must be re membered that 5,000 Danish sailors are now ali for Britain." 