Keeping Shipping From Britain — . __ ENEMY SCHEME IN U.S.: MANY ARRESTS Daily Telegraph Service and A.A.P. WASHINGTON, Monday. Enemy agents planned to scuttle or dis able Italian, German and Danish ships tied up in American ports to prevent them being transferred to> Britain, it is stated authori- tatively. When the plot was discovered yesterday U.S. coast guards seized 28 Italian, 2 German, and 35 Danish vessels. Crew Members Arrested They also arrested 1600 mem bers of the Italian and German ships' crews. Orders for the seizures were issued under the Merchant Ship Control Act, designed to protect American ports. The Coastguard Commandant CRear- Admiral Russell Waesche) said today the Danish ships had been taken into protective custody. "We feared possible sabotage by per sons other than members of the crews," he said. "There is no evidence of sabotage or attempted sabotage of any Danish ship." Asked whether the Danish ships had been taken into custody prepara tory to confiscation, Rear-Admiral Waesche replied "No." Port authorities at Wilmington acci dentally discovered sabotage when they attempted to move an Italian freighter from one wharf to another. The engine of the freighter was badly damaged. An inspection of other ships in the port began immediately. In one vessel a member of the crew was caught smashing the engine. The Secretary to the Treasury (Mr. Morgenthau) telephoned President Roosevelt, and got permission to seize all German and Italian ships. Coastguards then boarded Italian, German, and Danish ships in both Atlantic and Pacific ports. They found that the crews had dis abled 20 Italian ships, and had pre pared five others for scuttling. Biggest ship seized was the Italian vessel Conte Biancamano (23,255 tons). Pour lorry-loads of American soldiers and sailors boarded the Conte Bianca mano at Cristobal (Panama Canal Zone). A United States warship stood by. United States army and navy officials conferred with the Italian officers on the bridge. Canal Zone authorities then announced that the ship had been taken over. The ships' crews offered no opposi tion to boarding parties at any port except Jacksonville (Florida). Coastguards say there was "some little trouble" when they were taking over the Italian ships Ircania (4815 tons) and Confldenza (6458 tons) at this port. , Seizures At Ottaey Forts Details of seizures at other ports are: — NEWARK (New Jersey). — Coast guards boarded five Italian ships, and found them damaged. Acetylene lamps had been used on the engines; explosives had been placed in position; fires had been put under dry boilers to burn them out. The crews of the seized ships have been sent to Ellis Island immigration depot. PORTLAND (Oregon). — Fifty-five coastguards armed with sub-machine- guns boarded the Italian motorship Leme '8059 tons). They found the engine-room had been wrecked with sledge hammers. Gears Smashed The engines, generators, and gears had been smashc'. Wiring on the bridge had been cut. BOSTON i Massachusetts) : Guards were placed aboard two German freighters. There is only one other German ves sel in United States waters. Fifty-six Italian, 40 German, and 50 neutral ships are tied up in South American ports. Italy and Germany are expected to protest to the United States about the seizures. It has not been decided what will be done with crews. Some may be charged with sabotage. Meanwhile, the legal question of possession of the ships is still ob scure. Some authorities say the U.S. Gov- ernment is entitled to commandeer the ships. But the question probably will be re ferred to the courts. These are likely to rule that the Government take pos session, provided the owners are com pensated. The Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee (Senator George) says the United States should buy the ships for Britain. Senator Burton Wheeler (Isolation ist) .describes the seizure of the ships as "another act of war." 