FRANCE WIIL RESIST ! If Attempts Made On Empire . . . fp : U.S. Reply— No Peaceful Relations While Under Nazi Domination . . . WASHINGTON, May 20. the French Ambassador, ,M. Haye, has informed he Secre tary of -Stjtfe, 7y\r. Cordell Hull, that France would resist any attempt to 'take over qny part of her Empire anywhere in the world. He protested against the United States action in placing Coastguards on French ships. The United Press reDorts that Mr. Hull told M. Haye thot there could be no satisfactory relations between France ond peaceful nations until Vichy proved it was not under German domination. Bridge Of Ships To Britain U.S. Shipping Bill BROADt POWERS GIVEN A.A.P., WASHINGTON, May 20. Congress has approved ot two fur reachuig shipping Bills as part ot u 'bridge of ships to Britain' programme. The Senate approved unanimously a measure authorising the acquisition of 50 naval auxiliaries at a cost of 200 million dollars. The House passed u BUI giving the Government broad powers to regulate the use of United Sta'tes merchantmen vir tually making them a part of the two million ton shipping pool to aid Britain. It is reported that at least part of the auxiliaries will be drawn from the fleet or foreign chips immobilised in United States ports. U.S. Exports A.A.P.. NEW YORK. May 20. The port authority has announced that the export traffic from New York for 1940 was nearly 2000 million dollars, which was the largest since 1920. Of this sum Europe took 1021 million dollars worth, compared with 560 million dollars in 1939. Australasia took 40 million dol lars worth, compared with 34 million dullars the previous year. GALLUP CONVOY SURVEY AA.P., NEW YORK. May 20. A, Gallup, survey on oqnvoyp shows, 52 per cent, favoring compared with 41 per ccut. a month ago. Gallup comments: 'Institute?* studies show that a piajority of voters say that they, would rather go to war then sec Britain lose.' Princess Released GAVE INTERESTING INFORMATION A.A.P., SAN FRANCISCO, May 20. The Immigration Service announces j .that princess Stephanie Hohenlohe-y7al- j denburg has been released after giving : 'interesting information' and promising | to co-operate with the Government. | It is said the princess was freed be- 1 cause she was unable to find any coun try, including Hungary, willing to permit her to enter. She remains under *-ur- veiliance. Princess Stephanie, who attracted world-wide attention by her action in London jfor damages against the late Lord Rothermore. later went to the United State*. On January 14 of this year Fho was arrested at San Francisco on a de portation warrant for having fulled to leave the United States when ordered. On March 6 her 'immediate deporta tion' was ordered by the Board of Immi gration. She protested that she was pro British, not pro-Nazi. NAZI PUTSCH FRUSTRATED A-A-P.. SANTIAGO (Chile), May 20. Police announced that the 'Vanguard' organiatlon. formerly known as Nazis, had plumed a putsch against the Chilean Government. Forty members hove been detained. JAPANESE EASIER A^P., TOKIO, May 20. The stock market was considerably higher today following a report from Washington that Mr. Roosevelt's speech on May 27 is not likely to involve the United States in war. ICELAND INDEPENDENT 1 A.A.P., STOCKHOLM, May 20. Iceland' has afealh become a* wholly in dependent State. It is announced that the Althing (Parliament) on May 16 voted for severance of the union with Denmark, which had operated slnco 1918. A Recent will be elected as noon as l-OMible to tukc over the powers fonneTly exercised by the King of Denmark. Icclalid, It is said, is devoted to the Danish crown, but present difficulties, mainly connected with communications, necessitate the severance. Small Scale Air Activity A.A.P., LONDON. May 20. , The Air Ministry comrauntquc an jnouncci that enemy activity last night was on a small scale. Tbo.zn^ln effort was dlfocted; against the south-east. A few bon?bs were dropped in places else whero. with some damage,- and. a small number of .casualties in one place in South -Wales and another place in East .Anglla. New Second Sea Lord A.A.P., LONDON. May 20. Vice-Admiral W. J. Whjtworth, who, since 1939 has been vice-admiral com manding the battle-cruiser squadron, has been appointed Second Sea Lord in suc cession to Admiral Sir Charles Little. 