JEWISH CHILDREN Entry Into Palestine MODERN ODYSSEY (By NORMAN BENTWICH In the Manchester 'Guardian'). Although the Jewish Immigra tion to Palestine Is -narrowly re stricted In these days, and the Government has recently an nounced thnt it will issue no fresh immigration schedule for this half- year, there Is one section of the Jewish people who still get certifi cates to enter the Promised Land, It Is the children whose movement Is dtrected by what. Is known as the Youth All J nil. There is a fascinating romance about their Journoylngs across a war- ridden Continent, which may be com pared with the Children's Crusade of tho Middle Ages, but with this differ ence— that to-day the children have a sure direction and reach their bourne. Already over 1500 children under the ago of sixteen have been brought to Palestine since tho outbreak of the war. But 1500 more with certificates are on their way or waiting their chance. Even the resourcefulness of the Jewish Agency and the' Youth Alljah together has not been able to find a way by which the refugee children In England, gathered here from Ger many, Austria, Holland, Belgium, nnd France, can make the journey. A few were able in the past months to set out from here, circumnavigate Africa and get to India, and then overland from Basra across the desert. But that way is now closed because the transit visa for Iraq cannot be ob tained. The movement, then, has to bo restricted to children moving from a line cast of the North Sea. For them a way Is found through Russia, the Black Sea, Turkey nnd Syria. MANY CANDIDATES. There Is no lack of candidates, In deed, for this Odyssey. At the moment close on 1000 children in these countries of Eastern Europe, In the large sense, arc moving or waiting to move, There are nearly 300 from Denmark, over 200 from Lithuania, 150 each from Jugoslavia and Hun gary, 120 from Sweden, and smaller contingents from. Bulgaria, Roumania and Greece. Lastly, one single child now in Cyprus Is hoping to cross the little strip of sea. The 300 children from Denmark have been having their preliminary training with the Danish farmers, who have been generous since 1933 in the recep tion of the refugee youth, and have given them the best possible prepara tion for cooperative activity In the National Home. These girls and boys obtain their visas for Palestine from the British passport officer at Stockholm. From there they take the boat to Russia. They cross from the north to the south of the Soviet Union by train, and .em bark on another boat which carries them across the Black Sea to Con- stanza. By roil again they cross Turkey and Syria, using the Bagdad Bahn, and do the last lap in a motor car or maybe a lorry. Tho Turkish authorities will let groups of not more than 50 pass through at a time, and so the trans port has to be split up. Each group has its trusted conductor. The chil dren in Lithuania are for the most part Polish refugees who have already- been through adventure after adven ture to reach that temporary haven. WANDERING EN WINTER. A tragic story attached to the con tingent in Jugoslavia. The larger part of them were living destitute for months on a boat In the Danube, in the no-man's water, along which thousands of Jews have wandered In this grim winter. Tho boat on which they sought with their elders to reach Palestine was stopped. The elders were interned, but the children at least may reach the Land. One woman has, since 1933, directed this work of human salvation and re generation. She Is Henrietta Szold, the outstanding American Jewess who in the last war organised the medical service of Hadassah, which has trans formed health conditions In Palestine, and who, during these seven years, has made it her life's cause to save the children from Nazi persecution. Palestine has just been celebrating her eightieth birthday, nnd acclaims her as the mother of tho Youth Alljah. Through her Inspiration over 8000 boys and girls have already been trained and established on the land, realising the words of Jeremiah: "And the children shall return to their own border." ' 