SEIZURE OF 70 SHIPS QUESTIONS IN U.S.A. Giant French Liner May be Taken Over I (Australian Associated Press) WASHINGTON, Monday. The United States Treasury to-day published a formal compilation of the 70 ships seized bv the United States. Tlie seizure is regarded as one of the highest of the war sensations, even tending to rival Admiral Cunningham's victory in the Mediterranean. The Treasury said that 28 Italian, two German and 36 Danish ships had been taken into custody by the coast guard, Armv and Navy, in ports of the United States and Panama Canal zone. Four other Danish vessels were fivop h\r flu* TJnvv in Phillnninp ?: All crews have been removed from the 70 vessels, which aggregate 230,000 tons, including 169,000 . Italian, 9000 German, and 142,000 Danish. Sabotage resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships. Federal officials said to-day that It V?as possible that the Government would also take over the huge French liner Normandie (83,423 tons) and five other French ships tied up in 'he United States. The United states Secretary for State fMr. Cordell Hull) at a press conference to-day was asked whether t.he Government would protest to Italy and Germany for sabotaging their vessels in American waters. He said fhat nnhndtr Uflrf Vef rintlP Rrt Questioned about the absolute legal- | Sty of the United States' action, he said that the Government had acted only because the ships were being sabotaged and because of the possi bility of their being scuttled to tlie detriment of American harbors. He declined to answer aucstlons about the future disposition of the ships. POSITION OF FRENCH SHIPS The French freighter. lie Dauessant. sailed to-day for a destination an nounced as Norfolk (Virginia), but in stead dropped anchor off Stratton Island, amid rife speculation as to whether tlie Government planned some action against Fropch ships simi lar to the seizure of tlie German, Ital ian, and Danish vessels. No explana tion was available at the French line, where officials' said they were uncon cerned by the interruption of the voyage and were confident that the ' ship would Ret ft clearance to take a cargo of food and fuel to Martinique. They said there were 15 French ships In United states ports, most of tliem in New York, where the S2.323- ton Normandie has been tied up since tlie outbreak of the war. Senator Tobey to-day m Introduced a Joint resolution aimed to prohibit the convoying of merchant vessels by United States warships. The Treasury announced that the masters of all seized Danish ships, with a maximum of six Danish sea men, were being left aboard their ships as a matter of courtesy. The number of sailors permitted to remain on board varied. with the size of the vessels, other Danish seamen were being turned over to the immigration authorities. It' was inrifr.nfpri t.hafr. they would receive preferential treat ment as compared with the Italian and German seamen. The ships blazing at San Jose are a total loss. The authorities removed 53 Italian and 88 German prisoners and rushed them from a train ai.d straight to prison to avoid anti-AxiE I demonstrations. ! 