CRIB TIME TiOPICS OILERS ALK OF : : * By "The Nipper" * li ¥¥¥¥¥»¥¥S HITLER'S TASK. E¥¥¥¥¥T»VTf¥¥¥»¥¥»» A CYNIC might say that in this war Britain is lead ing by three major evacuations— Norway, Dunkirk and Greece—but a realist would say that a people cap able of accepting these reverses in the way in which the people of the British Commonwealth of Nations has accepted them cannot be beaten. And the realist would be right. Out of the evacuation of Norway came the realisation that we were up against an enemy whose audacity had to be met with audacity, and the evacuation of Dunkirk brought the realisation that this war was one in which every man and woman had a part to play. From' the evacuation of Greece comes added determination to see the war through to a vic torious end. It is probable that we shall have further reverses and, perhaps, more evacuations, but the people who could turn the defeat of the British Army in Belgium and Northern France into the victory of Dunkirk will win in the end. We have lost the Battle of Norway, the Battle of France and the Battle of Greece, but while we still retain our capacity for losing battles, our I capacity for winning wars remains [ unimpaired. This latter capacity, | which has still to be given expression in the means of conducting war, is the thing that will prove Hitler's undoing, for the task of beating a people who refuse to recognise defeat is an impossible one. * * * "WIDENING WHEN the Soviet BREACH," Government last week issued a decree prohibiting the transit through Russia of war materials, an American commentator saw in this move the forerunner of a possible three- way rapprochement between Russia, the United States and Bri tain. Other views are that JRussia was adopting self-protective mea sures in view of Germany's conquest of the Balkans, and that the decree was evidence of a widening breach with Germany. Only those in Stalin's confidence— and Stalin trusts no one could hope to know what results he expects to achieve by the -decree, and why any one should expect those results to be anti-German in their effect passes all understanding. But it seems rea sonably safe to say that should the operation of the decree injure Ger many in any way it will cease to operate to at least that extent, for Stalin's fear of Hitler is too great for him to do anything that might annoy him. It is time that commentators in the democracies rid themselves of the belief that there is a limit be vond which Stalin will not permit Hitler to go, and that immediately that limit is reached Stalin will bring against Hitler the full weight of the "mightv Red Army." "incomparable Red Air Force." and the "irresist ible Red Navy." Stalin will tag along with Hitler for as long as he is per mitted to do so, and the* breach, when it comes, will be made by Hit ler and not by Stalin. • * * JAPANESE T^ETAILS of the SENSE OF peace terms sug JUSTICE. gested by the pro paganda department of the Japanese Foreign Office, prob ably with German approval, reveal one interesting reference to this country. Australia, it has been decided, shall remain within the British Em pire, but will eliminate immigration bars and permit Japanese settlement on terms of equality. Another item of news from Japan, almost as amusing as the above, is a quotation from a Japanese news paper, wh'ich reads: "United States actions in international affairs form an outrage to our sense of justice. The United States is assisting not only England but General Chiang Kai-shek, and is reaching out its hand to Singapore and Hong Kong across the Pacific and Indian Oceans. Without United States interference the Pacific would remain true to its inme, hut there is a deliberate ruf fling of the ocean, which is other wise calm and quiet. If this con tinues there is no telling what will be in store, because the United States may strike the first blow." "May strike the first blow" is good But perhaps the outraged sense of Japanese justice will see to it that Japan strikes the first blow in th" "otherwise calm and quiet Pacific Ocean." • # • OUT OF THE TN the April issuel PAST. of "The Pastoral Review and Grazi ers' Record," a journal published iti I Melbourne and described as the chief j organ of the grazing industry, writer, who calls himself "Onlooker," j indicates his peculiar outlook by his) advocacy for indentured Chinese help j for household work in Australia. He writes: "That the attitude of] the Labor Party in regard to domes tic help would be amusing if it were j not so sad. "That apparently it prefers to see i Australian womenfolk acting the part of household slaves rather than allow the introduction of indentured Chi-1 nese help." It was generally believed the mat ter of importing cheap "indentured I Chinese help" had been settled for all time years ago. Evidently there is still need for watchfulness in this | regard. "AN SENATOR FOLL, UNFORTUNATE ^ the Minister for I OCCURRENCE." the Interior, has] described the early! publication by the B.B.C. of news of! the departure of Mr. Menzies from England to America as an unfortu- j nate occurrence. Senator Foil stated that Australia! had specifically asked that the in-1 formation should not be published in] this country until a time had been arranged, and that he was discuss ing the spilling of the beans by the B.B.C. with the Chief Publicity Censor and the Acting-Director of Information. This incident seems to throw some j light on the time-wasting activities I of those connected with the control] of our war effort. Somebody con sults somebody, and then somebody, without consulting anybody, does j the thing that the first somebodies | are consulting about. Meanwhile the blessed word co-ordination remains < suspended in mid-air. In this case, the result might have | been the loss of a Prime Minister, primed with the latest information, through enemy action. OCCUPIED. ANE learns by BUT NOT way of Stock CONQUERED. bolm that whatever the weather, King Christian of Denmark rides daily on horseback through the streets of Copenhagen and that Danes crowd the sidewalks to see him go by. Such was his custom, weather permitting, before the occupation: the difference now is that weather makes no change in the daily ride or prevents his subjects from gathering along the way. The King's ride has become a symbol of Danish freedom. As for the invaders: "Not a single German of the occupation," writes a correspondent, "has succeeded in being admitted to a private home. The art of not seeing German soldiers, of seeming to look through them, has reached the rank of masterpiece." German soldiers who had been stationed in Poland and Norway told him that risk of assas sination was easier to live with than the universal frozen politeness of the Danes. Nazism, as the salesman of a "new order" in Europe, has nowhere sue oessfully advertised its commodity to the ordered. In country after country it has aroused a sales resistance which is unaggressive onk because it is unarmed; and even so manages to express itself bv minor acts of violence or, as in Denmark, by uni versal expression of polite contempt In Denmark the Nazi uniform senr to have become a sort of modern Tarnhelm whirh makes the wearer socio Hv invisible.—( "Christian Sci ence Monitor.") * * * SPENDER C PEAKING i n BREAKS support of anti tiOOSE. Labor in the New South Wales elec tion campaign, the Minister for the Army (Mix Spender) said he could think of no clearer case of political irresponsibility than the election which had been forced upon the State by the State Labor Party. "Time and again," Mr. Spender said, "the Labor Party has been in vited frankly and publicly to join a National Government for the good of the country. It has been asked to name its terms. All the appeals have fallen on stony soil. If Labor refuses to make this step at this critical time, who will be so foolish as to give it the reins of office?" Mr. Spender added that Labor would have only itself to blaihe il Australians concluded that political Labor was; mainly preoccupied with the narrow game of political tactics, the old game of party politics, and not with the greater work of national service within a united Government But what if Australian conclude that a Minister for the Army who sees nothing wrong in leaving his post at a time like this to spout nonsense like this is preoccupied with ' the narrow game of political tactics and party politics and not. with national service? , And is there any other conclusion that Austra lians can draw? * * * * BRIEF 'T'HIS is how the ACQUAINT- London "Daily ANCE. Express" regards Mr. Menzies: "Some Australian papers demanded the return of Mr. Menzies, but the people of Britain urge that he is needed here even more than in Aus tralia. Speed is the need, not only speedy action but speedy decision. We want in the War Cabinet the foremost, ablest and most compe tent brains which can be produced in the Empire. We want a man like Mr. Menzies helping right at the top, but while Australian political uncertainties are so great it would be difficult for him to remain here. The solution of his domestic political problems by the formation of a j National Government in Canberra would be maximum assistance in the battle against Germany." The discovery that Mr. Menzies is a man of speedy action and speedy decision is surprising, as is the state ment that a National Government in Canberra would be maximum assist ance against Germany. But we can not be taken by surprise in this way, nor yet taken in. The "Daily Ex press" has known Mr. Menzies for on.lv three months. 