POLICE COURTS. PERTH. (Thursday.-Before Mr. W. J. Waliwork, S.M.) Five Women Imprisoned.-Margaret Alice Harper (19), waitress, Lucy Pollard (24). waitress, Mary Lila Douglas (21). home duties. Florence Turnhull (26). home duties, and Emma Thelma Sheridan (24). home duties, were each charged with having no visible lawful means of support or insumicient law ful means of support, being thereby deemed idle and disorderl~y. Detective Thomson said in evidence that the five women were all living in one room in Newcastle-street. Perth. They bad come under his notice by reason of their association with soldiers and sailors and their loitering about the streets in the early hours of the morning. "There are too many of you on the street, and you are a menace tU everybody," said the Magistrate to the accused. "There is only one way to stop it. You will each be sentenced to one month's Imprisonment." Unregistered Dog.-A fine of 10/. with 10/6 costs, was imposed on Mrs. L. Dick for having on March 31 kept an unregistered dog at premises in Hay-street, Subiaco. Taxation Offences.-Bride O'Callaghan was fined £2, with 3/ costs, on each of two charges of having failed to duly furnish information required by the Deputy- Commis o aner of Txtion,5 contrary to thee proi 'slens of section 45 (1) (a) of the Sales Tax Assessment Act (No. 1). 1930-40. Each of the following was fined £2. with 3/ costs, for having failed to comply with a demand made by the Commissioner of Taxation, con trary to the provisions of section 211 of the Income Tax Assessment Act, 1937-40, of Western Australia:-Arthur Russell, Gertrude tL Monck, Ante Persuich (known as Tony Bercovich). William G. Shepherd. John A. G. Wells, John Weedon and Edward Ronald Bewsher. (Saturday.-Before Mr. E. S. Reynolds. S.A.) Stole Money and Waflet.-Gieorge Smith Ogeg (19) pleaded guilty to having at Claremont on April 9 stolen 10/8 in money and a wallet valued at 10/. the property of Kenneth Alex ander Philp. He was fined £3. with 8/ costs. and ordered to make restitution of £1/0/8. Figb t in Iane.-John Hugh Nilen (24). la bourer, and Arthur Woodall (22). cleaner. were each fined £2. with 1/ costs, for having been disorderly by fighting in a lane off James-street. Perth. on Thursday night. Created a Distuirbance.-For having been disorderly by creating a disturbance in Robin son-avenue. Perth. on Friday night. Joan Coward (22) and Kathelen Coward (24', domestics, were each fined 10/. with 1/ costs. (Monday.-Before Mr. E. S. Reynolds, S.M.) Unlawful Assault.-Ernest Charles Castle (24'. hairdresser, was fined £2 with 10.6 costs on a charge of having unlawfully as saulted Frederick Edward Pound last Sat urday at the Royal Hotel Disorderly Behaviour,-Thomas Stuart Lar von (20). labourer, was charged with being dis orderly by fighting in Adelaide-terrace at I a.m. on Sunday. He was filled £3. with 1/ costs. FREMANTLIE (Thursday.-Before Mr. H. J. Craig, S.M.) Prohsbited Immigrants.-Ronstantin Lou berg (36). seaman. of Estonian nationality: Oscar Pelns (29), ship's fireman (Latvian); Earl Kilburn (22). ship's fireman (American): and Carl Erek Jorgensen (20). seaman )Danish) were charged with having been prohibited immigrants. Inspector L. C. Tim perley. of the Customs Department, stated tbat the men had deserted from a ship at Fremantle and had failed to pass a dictation test. The accused, who all spoke English. stated that the food and general conditions on the ship were bad. Kilburn was remanded for eight days and the others were sentenced to three months' imprisonment, Pending de portation. 