Seizure of 70 Ships- Causes St ir ifiil.S. A. WASHINGTON, March 31. — The Treasury to-day published a formal compilation of 70 ships, the seizure of which has ranked as one of the greatest sensations of the war, even tending to rival the thrill of Admiral Sir Andrew Cunningham's naval victory, The Treasury statement showed that 28 Italian, two German, and 36 Danish ships were taken into custody by the Coast Guard, the army and the navy in ports in the United States and the Panama Canal zone. Four other Danish vessels were taken over by the navy in Philippine waters. The Treasury said to-day that all the crews had been removed from the 70 vessels, which aggregated 320,000 tons, including 169,000 tons of Italian shipping, 9,000 tons of German, and 1 42,000 tons of Danish. Sabotage, which has resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships, spread to Cen tral America to-day, when the crews', set fire to 'one German and one Italian ship in Costa Rica. A message from San' Jose (Costa Rica) states that the German freighter . Eisinaclv of 4,323 tons, and the Italian freighter Fellaj of 6,072 tons, which were anchored at Punta Arenas (Costa Rica) were set on fire by their crews this morning. The official version of the burning of the German and Italian vessels said that 40 armed police, under the police director, Colonel Manuel Rodriguez, moved to place a special guard aboard the ships, in order to avoid sabotage this morning. Just as they were boarding the vessels, an explosion oc curred. Fire rapidly enveloped the Eisenach entirely, and she is con sidered a total loss, but strenuous efforts are being made to control the fire aboard the Fella. One hundred and twenty Italian and German members of the crows were detained and charged with committing sabotage. Federal officials in Wash ington said it was quite pos sible that the Government would also take over the huge French liner Normandie, of 83,423 tons, and five other French ships tied up in New York. A navy bombing plane carried 15 men tto Sebu In the Central Philippines to take over a vessel tied up there. Naval crews of 15 men each boarded three Danish craft in Manila Bay. The four ships, which aggregate 23,800 tons, are the Gertrude Maersk, the Grete Maersk, the Hulda Maersk and the Marchen Maersk. Hunger Strike At Boston, 43 German and Italian seamen began a non-sleep and hunger strike while they awaited action by the Immigration Service with regard to then- status following on the seizure of . their ships. The District Director of Immigration (Mr. John Mulcahey) said that 16 Ger mans and 27 Italian seamen refused to go to bed last night, and would not eat any breakfast to-day. U.S. seizure of ships was "Police action in exercise of legal right" — Page 2. 