MORE DANISH SHIPS -*-,-: U.S. Use in Pacific WASHINGTON. July 8. (A.A.P.). -The U.S Maritime Commis- sion has taken over seven more Danish freighters under the Act providing for the requisition of foreign ships The vessels will be assigned Immediately to trade between Pacific ports and Aus- tralia. New Zealand and the Far East The taking ovei oy the united States of Danish ships now shelter- ing in American ports has been faci- litated by Britain's waiving of her rights as a belligerent to refuse to recognise the transfer of enemy ships to a neutral flag unless she has first satisfied herself of the validitv of the transfer The British Embassy states that Britain now "gratefully recognises the use to which these ships will be put " The Navy has asked Congress to appropriate an additional 585,000.000 dollars (£A182,812,000) to augment the shipbuilding programme, of which 160,000,000 dollars ( £ A50.000.000) is required for ' repair work, and 126,000,000 dollars (£A39.062.000) for ordnance facilities A message from Christobal states that new Panama Canal Zone regu- lations, effective from yesterday, for- bid ships entering or clearing Chris- tobal and Balboa harbours between sunset and sunrise The Senate has unanimousiv ap- proved a bill giving President Roose- velt authority to impose priorities on shipping space in United States ships PATROL PLANE MISSING The Navy Department announces that a plane on the Norch-Eastern At- lantic Coast Patrol has been missing since last Thursday. It carried two officers and five men. Officials indicate that migration from European countries will be cur- tailed sharply because of the closing of United States Consulates, About 300,000 persons have signi- fied their intention to ask for visas to the United States After the Con i suis leave, visas will be obtainable only at the American Embassies at Berlin and other capitals, and most Euro- peans, therefore, will find it difficult to make visa arrangements In addi- tion, the United States has tightened her control over immigration to pre- vent the Infiltration of spies and saboteurs The Under-Secretary ol State, Mr Sumner Welles, said that Britain had agreed in principle to granting safe conduct to Axis Consular officers ordered to leave the United States They will travel on the liner .onerlca leaving on July IS. The Defence Communications Board announces elaborate precautions to prevent interruption to foreign cable services, including a fleet of repair ships, the development of a substitute for gutta-percha, the storing of reserve equipment, and the studying of alter- nate circuits ISOLATIONIST'S DEMAND General Robert Wood, chairman ut the "America First" Committee, yes- terday demanded that the Govern- ment decide "either to go to war as an active Ally of England or to stay out." He also advocated a national referendum on the subject. "Some day it will dawn on the peoples of Canada and South Africa, as well as ourselves, that we cannot afford to organise rescue expeditions for England every quarter of a cen- tury " General Wood asserted 