IN THE UNITED STATES SABOTAGE OF AXIS SHIPS Roosevelt Returns to Washington WASHINGTON, March 25. , The most BeriouB outbreak of I measles for seven years is reported along the eastern seaboard and is spreading westward. The Public Health Department Baid today that the- State health officers had reported 43,000 caaeo on March 15. This figure, an official pointed out, was considerably higher than the average of 37,000 cases for the past three epidemics which occurred in 1934, 1935, and 1936. TEAR GAS DISPERSES PICKETS. BETHLEHEM (Maryland), March 25. Policemen used tear gas to disperse pickets outside the Bethlehem Steel Corporation's plant, which operated to day despite a strike of members of the C.I.O. steel workers' organising committee. Union officials estimated that 90 per cent of the 21,000 em ployees at the Bethlehem plant would be "out today. The strike was called as a protest against an election of officers for an independent employees' union NEW YORK, March 25. Strikers watched a group turn oyer two police cars and turn out the police. Other police were stoned. The local Sheriffs appealed to the Governor to send State police. CHICAGO, March 25. A.F.L. harvester workers, grinning and swinging their dinner pails, walked down aisles of policemen and entered the reopened International Harvester Company's works today without inter ference from more than 3000 C.I.O. strikers and sympathisers, who yester day had threatened to prevent the entrance of the strike breakers. The spokesman of the C.I.O. farm equipment working organisation com mittee announced today that a strike would be called in 16 plants of the International Harvester Company in retaliation for the reopening of the McCormick works with A.F.L. labour. BETHLEHEM, March 2fl. One hundred and fifty State motor policemen, armed with riot sticks, cleared 3000 persons from the Bethlehem plant area tonight after widespread disorders in which 40 automobiles were overturned. TESTS OF. NEW EXPLOSIVE. WASHINGTON, March 26. Congressional sources disclosed today that the army was testing a new high explosive, described by its inventors as 60 per cent more ^ powerful than T.N.T. MEMBERS of the House Military Committee said that if the ex plosive proved satisfactory it would be particularly valuable for anti-6ubmarine depth bombs. "The British could use a lot of it right now, if it is as good as we are told," one legislator said. Committeemen stated that some of the nation's leading scientists were re sponsible for the development of the explosive and said that it would cost only about one-third as muclias T.N.T. to produce. Moreover, existing plants emild be used for its manufacture with verv little change. REPAIR FACILITIES. Military experts expressed an opin ion today that the opening of Ameri can Xavv yards for the repair of dam aged British warships was likely to give England great strategical advan tage in the battle of the Atlantic. The use of naval repair facilities authorised by the terms of Lease or Lend Act would not, it was stated, in terfere with the huge United States fleet construcion programme, but their availability would enormously increase British convoy efficiency in the western Atlantic. Naval experts emphasised that ability to have light repairs made without lo=s of time had a great naval significance. The Philippine Government has offered to shut down on the exports of strategic materials to all countries ex cept the United States in the interests of United States re-armament. LEASING OF NAVAL BASES. The agreement for leasing British bases in the Atlantic to the United States for 99 years is to be signed in London tomorrow. The signatories for Great Britain will be the Prime Minister (Mr Winston Churchill), Lord Cranburne, and Lord Moyne. The agreement will be signed on behalf of America by the- Ambassa dor in London (Mr J. G. Winant) and the three members of the American Technical Commission who have been concerned in the negotiations. MIAMI, March 26. President Roosevelt's signature to the £1,700,000.000 appropriation was delay ed today when poor flying weather forced the navy plane carrying the mea sure to the presidential yacht at sea to turn back to the mainland. REMIND STRIKERS WHAT DELAY MEANS. NEW YORK, March 26. The Bethlehem Steel Works organis ing committee announces that the com pany has agreed to meet its rcpresonta tive6 in an effort to settle the strike. The army is considering mass forma tion flights over striking defence plants | to "attract public attention, also to show the strikers what they are delay ing." This idea was successfully tried carlv in the Californian aircraft Btrike. BETHLEHEM, March 26. Major Martin, commander of the State police barracks here, today gave the C.I.O. steel workers' organising com mittee permission to restore, by force if necessary, the picket lines around the parent plant of the Bethlehem Steel Corporation, after the strike leaders had tried to re-establish them. Wild accusations were made by Mr John Riffe, C.I.O. field director, who said that some of the violence attribut ed to the strikers had been the work of paid agents of the Bethlehem Steel Cor poration. "We know that most of the cars wrecked in the town were wrecked by paid agents of the Bethlehem Steel Corporation eo as to get the State police here," he 6aid. More than 100 picked Pennsylvanian State police stood guard to enforce peaceful picketing today. Workers passed in and out of the mills without incident. Mr R. A. Lewis, general manager, said that all the steel-making departments were operating at full capacity. Almost 80 per cent of the regular forces were at work. U.S. PREPARING ANSWER. WASHINGTON, March 26. The American answer to Germany's extension of her sea blockade to the very borderline of the Western Hemi sphere, if not actually across it, ie in preparation. Whether it will take the form of a warning to Germany or more decisive measures to keep hostile operations out of the hemisphere's waters, officials would not say. The Under-Secretary of State (Mr Sumner Welles) said that the whole question .was under consideration and I that he would make a statement shortly. These possibilities were advanced unofficially : (1) a warning to Germany to keep her submarines and other war vessels out of the Western Hemisphere; (2) an extension of the European com bat zone to include Iceland, thjis clos ing that island to American ship ping ; (3) an extension of the Pan American neutrality zone to the east ernmost limit of the Western Hemisphere. This would mean a widened patrol by American war vessels, a move which might at the same time relieve the British convoy problem by protecting supply ships half way across the Atlantic. Shipping officials doubted today that the extension of the German counter blockade to include Iceland was prompted by shipments of United States goods to Iceland for reshipment to Britain. The Berlin decision was believed, however, to raise the question whether President Roosevelt might consider extending the combat areas into which United States ship# may go under the Neutrality Act to include Iceland, which is outside the zone es tablished to include the Scandinavian Peninsula shortly after the German conquest of Norway and Denmark. Officials say that there is little, if any, shipment to Iceland from this country for anv purpose. BERLIN, March 27. Officials explain that the inclusion of Iceland in the "blockade zone" was because the United States was using Icelandic ports for unloading goods de stined for Britain. BOErNGS FOR BRITAIN. WASHINGTON, March 27. Britain has acquired three huge four engined Boeing flying boats ordered by Pan-American Airways and may get three more. It is understood that the planes will be used for the maintenance of contact between England, Africa, and Australia. GERMAN WOMEN AND CHILDREN LEAVE U.S.A. NEW YORK, March 27. German embassy officials in Washing ton said today that substantial num bers of German women and children had been leaving the United States for Ger many since the outbreak of the war. They had been assembling at New York in small but regular streams from many parts of the country and taking passages on American and Spanish boats for South-western Europe. OFFICIAL ORDER ? German newspaper advertisements in dicating some sort of official order call ing Germans back to their homeland were disclosed today following the sail ing of the Spanish liner Magallanes tp Balboa with 190 German passengers last night. The German Consul-General de nied that there was any organised evacuation. He said that some Germans were leaving as it was impossible to get work in America any longer be cause of propaganda against Germany. WASHINGTON, March 27. The Secretary for Labour (Miss Per kins) today certified four important de fence strikes for consideration by the new Defence Mediation Board. The strikes certified are disputes involving the International Harvester Company, Universal Cyclops Steel, the Condenser Corporation, and the Vanadium Corpora tion. Miss Perkins telephoned these first certifications from the west coast to her office here. The order came only after a few hours after she had been critic ised on the floor of the Senate for her failure to turn over any strikes to the board. BLOOD FLOWS FREELY. RICHMOND (Inf), March 27. Blood flowed freely this morning when a large force of local police engaged in a fierce battle with picketing strikers at the International Harvester Com pany's reopened plant, which had been closed since February 2, when the C.I.O. ordered a strike. Later State police raided the down town headquarters of the C.I.O. farm equipment workers' organising commit tee and arrested many persons found there. They were charged with assault and battery. A score or more of those taken away wore blood-stained ban dages. The raid came shortly after a wild melee outside the Harvester plant, where local police battled to clear a patch for workers who responded to the company's published announcement that the plant would reopen this morning. SHIPBUIT ERS' PLEDGE. SAN FRANCISCO, March 27. A.F.L. leaders and shipbuilding em ployers today pledged themselves to settle disputes by arbitration and to ban strikes and lockouts in the Pacific shipbuilding industry during a national emergency. The pledge was the first tangible result of a regional shipbuild ing conference sponsored by the National Defence Coundl which wius in session intermittently since February 4. VOLUNTARY WORKERS. BRIDGEVILLE (Pa.), March 27. Complying with a request by the Con troller of War Production (Mr W. S. Knudsen), director of the O.P.M., the strikers at the Vanadium Corporation's plant today voluntarily began loading ferro-vanadium for shipment to other plants producing defence materials, and 400 strikers who had quit work more than 6ix Weeks ago as a protest against the hiring of five non-union plant guards previously had refused the O.P.M. re quest to load the metal and had stood by while office workers prepared the shipments under the protection of the State motor police. TO RESUME WORK. MILWAUKEE, March 27. The C.I.O. workers agreed to consider an appeal from the Alias Chambers Company to resume work immediately. The union has called a mass meeting for 0.30 a.m. tomorrow. Seventy maintenance men have en I tered the plant to prepare It for the I resumption. PITTSBURG, March 27. The United States Steel Corporation and the C.I.O. steel workers' organising company agreed to extend by one week the deadline for a new agreement, thus avoiding the suspension of steel produc tion on March 1. Contracts affecting 261,000 employees expire on March 31. PRESIDENT'S BROADCAST. MIAMI, March 27. President Roosevelt has decidcd de finitely to 6peak by radio instead of personally at the Jackson Day dinner in Washington on Saturday night from the wardroom of his yacht, the Poto mac. UNITED STATES MINISTERS. WASHINGTON, March 29. The Secretary of State (Mr Sumner Welles), at a Press conference, Ba,id that the appointment of a minister in New Zealand was receiving President Roosevelt's active consideration. Mr Welles disclosed that the Minieter to China (Mr Gauss) had arrived in the United States and would be proceeding to Chungking soon. He added that probably Mr Johnson would leave China when the date of Mr Gauss's departure was fixed, whereupon he would- proceed i to Washington and then to Australia. U.S. SAILOR'S UNIFORM FOUND. j BRISBANE, March 30. [ An American sailor's uniform was found under a wharf at Hamilton to day and the police are trying to estab lish whether it belonged to one of the two men missing from the American warships. The uniform was neatly folded s,ud waB hidden among the piles above high water mark. The American consul in Brisbane has sought the assistance of the police in tracing the missing men. MR ROOSEVELT RETURNS TO WASHINGTON. WASHINGTON, March 81. President Roosevelt has arrived in Washington after his holiday in thj Caribbean Sea. He landed in Wash ington from the presidential yacht Potomac and travelled by special train to the capital. It is reported that during the traiu journey he signed important documents to provide further aid to Britain and Oopm*. No details have been made available of what form the additional help will take. STRIKES SETTLED. NEW YORK, March 30. A message from Johnstown (Phila delphia) states that the ?.1.0. steol workers' organising committee una* ? mouily voted to agree to a settlement of the strike at the Cambria P^t of the Bethlehem Steel Corporation. The terms'of settlement provide opening the plant as soon as possible, ( probably tomorrow. - A Chicago message states that the strikers at the International Harvester plant voted in favour of returning to work and submitting their disputes to Federal mediation SHIPS SEIZED BY U.S.A. WASHINGTON, March 30. It is now disclosed that all enemy controlled merchant vessels in Ameri can ports have been seized by tne United States authorities. Acting under instructions from Wash ington, coastguard services have taken possession of 60 ships in American terri torial waters extending from the Panama Canal zone to Boston Harbour merchant ships, 28 Italian ships, and two small German cargo vessels. Approximately 1000 German and Ita lian seamen are in custody. The Secretary to the Treasury (Mr Morgenthau) has ordered coastguards to beard all Italian ships tied up in United States territorial waters to prevent fur ther damage to vessels at the hands ot Italian seamen. The Treasury announced that coaet nuard men were taking possession of Ita lian shipB which they bad previously A message from Balboa stated tbst four lorry-loads of American soldiers and sailors boarded the Conte Bian camano, while a United States destroyer stood by. The Conte Biancamona's crew were taken ashore and will probably be placed in a concentration camp at Calanzone. The ship's officers conferred with Ameri can army and navy officials on the bridge, after which the Calanzone autho rities issued the following statement: "On instructions from Washington the Conte Biancamona was taken over by military and naval guards." Coastguards at Boston have been or dered to place guards aboard two Ger man freighters there. It is stated that this does not constitute a seizure. There are only three German ships in Ameri can waters. EXTENSIVE SABOTAGE. A coastguard official in Washington said that Italian crews had been smash ing machlhery and starting fires in an effort to render ships useless. Many: were near sinking point. Twenty-seven were involved in 14 ports. The sei-ure ordered was issued under the Merchant Ship Control Act, which is designed to protect American ports. Italian crews will be removed tempor arily and taken into custody by coast guards. Thereafter their fate is uncer I tain. Some may be charged with sabot age, after which they would face trial by the Federal Court on the theory that the sabotage ou ships in port endangers the whole port. There are 26 Italian freighters in United States continental ports, one at Puerto Rico and one at Calanzone. I NEWARK (New Jersey), March 30. Police state that sabotage was discov ered on board five Italian ships which a coastguard boarded at Newark early today. The engines of all five ships were severely damaged, apparently hy acetylene torches and combustible materials. The ships were in a posi tion to enable them to be set on fire at a moment's notice. PORTLAND (Oregon), March 30. Fifty-five coastguards, armed with sub-machine guns, boarded, the Italian motorship Leme and found the engines, generators, and gears smashed with sledge hammers, the engineroom, turned into a shambles, and wiring cut on the bridge. A Washington message says that In future ships that are seized by the Gov ernment will be handed over to immi gration authorities. It is believed in Washington that Germany and Italy are attempting by sabotage to prevent the United States from taking over Italian and German ships for trade in the Western Hemi sphere. The fact that German ships have sailed from Brazil to run the Brit ish blockade has given rise to specula tion whether the Axis partners are ex pecting the American nation to follow the United States' example, or whether Germany and Italy with Japan intend to adopt increasing aggressive activities against the United States. It is pointed out that there are 56 Italian, 50 neutral, and 40 Ger man ships tied up in South Ameri can ports. HOW SABOTAGE WAS DISCOVERED. WASHINGTON, March 30. It is authoritatively stated that the Italian saboteurs are attempting to forestall the American seizure of Axis ships for transfer to Britain. The sabotage was accidentally discovered by the port authorities vaT; Wilmington, who attempted to move an Italian freighter and found the engine dam aged, whereupon the authorities in spcted other ships in port. Mr Morgenthau telephoned Presi dent Roosevelt and obtained per mission to take iato custody «U Axis ships. It i* understood that a protest is expected from Italy and Germany tomorrow. Mean while the legal status of the ships is obscure. Some authorities con tend that the Government is en titled to commandeer, but probaMy the question will be referred to the court, which,is likely to rule that the Government can take possession provided that it financially compen sates the owners. ' Senator George suggested buying the ships for Britain. Senator Wheeler declared that it was another act of'war. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY. WASHINGTON, March 30. Rear-Admiral Bussel Wasche, com mander of the coastguard, said the Danish ships had been taken into pro tective custody because it was feared that there would be possible sabotage against them. However, he said, there was no evidence of sabotage or at tempted sabotage on Danish ships. The Danish ships seized yesterday totalled about 300,000 tons. The captain of one of the Italian ships said that about 10 days ago he received orders from tlie Italian naval attache in Washington to damage his ship and he carried out the order. Officials say that 20 Italian ships have been rendered unseaworthy but that all the others are seaworthy. PROTEST FROM AXIS OVER SEI2URE OF SHIPS. NEW YORK, March 31. Federal officials state that it is quite possible the Government will take over the huge French liner Normandie and five French ships which are tied up here. The German freighter Eisenach (4177 tons) and the Italian freighter Fella (6072 tons) anchored at Punta Arenas in Costa Rica were set on fire by theii crewb this, morning. A San Jose message states: Four Danish Bhips in Philippine waters were taken under protective custody today by the United StateB Navy. A naval bombing plane carried 15 men to Sebu in the Centra) Philippines to take over a vessel tied up there. Naval crews of 15 men each boarded three Danish craft in Manila Bay. Admiral Hart, Commander-in-Chief of the United States Asiatic Fleet, said: 'Tour ships were taken over by the navy to prevent sabotage by. their own crews." The four ships aggregating 23,800 tons are: Gertrude Maersk, Grete Maersk, Hulda Maersk, and Marchen Maersk. It was announced in Washington that the Italian and German Embassies have lodged protests against the action oi the U.S. Government in sejzing Italian and German vessels in America)] waters. The Secretary for State (Mr CordeU Hull) told' an interviewer that United States administration was not making any representation to Germany or Italy regarding these ships. He added, "Ac tions are more effective than words." 70 SHIPS SEIZED. WASHINGTON, March 31. The Treasury today published a formal compilation of 70 ships seized, which ranks as one of the highest of the war sensations, even tending to rival the thrill of Sir Andrew Cunningham's naval vic tory. The Treasury statement showed that 28 Italian, two Ger man, and 36 Danish ships had been taken into custody by the coast guard, army, and navy, in the ports of the United States and tEe Panama Canal zone. Four other Danish vessels were taken over by sthe navy in Philippine waters. The Treasury stated that all the crews had been removed. The 70 vessels aggregated 320,000 tone, including 169,000 tons Italian, 0000 tons German, and 142,000 tons Danish. Sabotaging result ed in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships. It spread to Central America today when the crews set fire to one German and one Italian ship berthed at Costa Rica. AXIS SEAMEN SULK. BOSTON, March 31. Forty-three German and Italian mariners began a sleep and hunger strike while they awaited the im migration service's action on their status after the seizure of ships. The District Director of Immigration (Mr .Mulcahey) said that 16 Germans and 27 Italians re fused to go to bed last night and would not cat their breakfast today. DEPORTATION PROCEEDINGS. WASHINGTON, April 1. ' The Justice Department has begun deportation proceedings against 875 officers and men removed from Axis vessels. Simultaneously the Federal Bureau of Investigation has opened an inquiry on Italian craft with a view to I prosecution. - I It is believed that the result of the deportation proceedings will be that the crews will be interned for the duration of .the war. # HAVANA, March 31. The Navy seised the Italian freighter Recca, after which several email bombB exploded in the home of the Minister for State (Mr Josen Cortina), who said they undoubtedly wfere connected with tfaa seizure of the ship. 