SEIZURE OF AXISJ5HIPS Rome-Berlin Protests Deportation Proceedings; Italians Charged With Sabotage WASHINGTON, April 1. Germany and Italy have formally protested against the seizure of German and Italian ships. The indications from President Roosevelt and Mr. Cordell Hull are that the protests will be firmly rejected. The Justice Department began deportation proceedings against 875 officers and men removed from Axis vessels. It is believed that die result of the deportation proceedings will be that the crews will be interned for ihe duration. Fifty-two officers and men of the Italian motorship Leme were arraigned before the United States commissioner at Portland and charged with sabotaging the vessel. Captain Giovanni Polonio, and five other officers were allowed bail at £3000 each. Members of the crew were allowed £2500 bail. Defendants were being held in custody in lieu of *he bonds being lodged. Federal officials announced yesterday that it was quite possible that the Government, following its seiture of German, Italian and Danish ships Ued np in American ports, would also take over the 82,000 ton French liner, Normandle, and Ave other French ships tied up in New Tork. The Treasury to-day published a formal compilation of 70 ships which had been seized. The statement showed the 28 Italian, two German and 30 Danish ships had been taken into custody by the coastguard officials, the army and navy in ports in the United States and the Panama Canal zone. In additon to tlhese, four other Danish vessels in the Philippines were taken over by the U.S. navy. The crews of all the vessels have been removed. The Treasury revealed that sabotaging which had resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships, today spread to (Central America, when crews set fire to one German and one Italian dhip in Costa Rica. They were the German freighter Eisenach and the Italian freighter Fella, which were anchored at Punta Arenas. The official report of the incident shows that when 40 armed police moved to place a special guard aboard the ships in order to avoid any damage to them, explosions occurred aboard both vessels. Fire aboard the Eisenach spread rapidly and enveloped the whole of the ship, and it is feared to he a total loss. Strenuous efforts are being made to control the fire aboard ihe Fella. The crews of both vessels totalling 120 have been detained on charges of committing sabotage. The seizure in Philippine waters was carried out by 15 naval men who were transported from Manila to Cebu where the vessels were anchored, aboard a bombing plane. These four ships aggregate 23.800 tons. They are the Gertrude Maersk. the Crete Maersk, Hulda Maersk and the Marchen Maersk. The Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Asiatic Fleet (Admiral Hart) said that the ships |had been taTTen over by 1' e navy in order to prevent sabotage by their own crews. STRIKE BV SEAMEN Reports from Boston state that 43 German and Italian mariners comprising members of Axis vessels seized in that port, have begun a non-sleep and hunger strike while awaiting immigration service action on their status. The District Director of Immigration (Mr. John Mulcahey) said that the men had refused to go to bed last nifSit and would eat no breakfast to-day. At a Press conference to-day. the Secretary of State (Mr. Cordell Hull) declined to answer questions of the future disposition of the ships, asserting that the Government had acted only because the ships were being sabotaged and because of the possibility of their being scuttled to the detriment of American harbors. ACTION AGAINST FRENCH SHIPS A high "SVKisury official revealed that the United States has placed 19 French merchantmen, including the Normandie. . under "surveillance." which is interpreted as a forerunner to the seizure of these vessels, which are tied up in six American ports. TREATMENT OF DANES II is announced that the masters of all seized Danish vessels, plus a maximum of six Danish seamen, arc being left aboard their ships as a matter of courtesy. The rest of the Danish-^seamen are being turned over to the immigration authorities. It was indicated that they would receive preferential treatment as compared with Italian and German seamen. The Danish Legation intimated that it would not protest against tile seizure of Danish ships. 