CHILDREN'S ODYSSEY TO PALESTINE (I>y Norman Uentwich in flu> Chester Guaidian") Man Aithough the Jewi-di inim'gration to Palestine is narrowly restricted in these days, and the Government has ^recently announced that it wib issue no fresh immigration sciieuule for this half year, there is one section of the Jewish people who stiU get certificates to entm the Promised Land. It is the children w iiose movement is directed by what i- known as the Youth Alijah. Then is. a fascinating romaine about th-ir journeying* acre,--; a war-midm Co;, tim iji. whieii ino \ i.e ci 'i)i|ia red w itli the Ch idren's Cru; ade id' the Middi Ages, but with l his difference - -that today thj children ha% - e a sure direction and reach their bourne. A! 'UilV over 1.5UU children under tec sixteen ha\'e been brought to Pale ine since the outbreak of lb. •ate it'll* lv Jewi toge wav But 1,500 i U'c with cerlihwav or waiting are on their .•bailee. ! the resourcefulness d' the di A; ncy and tie Youth Alijah bv has not been able to hich the refugee cbi! find a ren in 1 r.ni. •.iii hired h many Austria, I Fram few . can mal r e i out. ti'Hii nore, Afr 'ca and get lo ove •land from Hasr ert. But that way can ; e the tran-d vi,- be ofhained. The has to be restinct erl ing from a l iie e; •Oil) t r '• r - Bi Iguim and I'tiey. A Pai']iviiinti;r month- t" iga> e and then s till in el os i i t'm Irak c im.wemein, to chi'di'i-n st of the an in t li i • me >vav i- Blaek Sea, an Syria, Then c is no lack of candidati deed. or this ()«iy Ssey. At 1]. ment < lose on l.dOt I children in countr es of Easte rn Europe, i large sense, are moving or wait nig to move. There are nearly "no from Denmark, over 20(1 from Lithuania, 150 each from Yugoslavia and llungary, 120 from Sweden, and >maller contingents from Bulgaria. Roumauone ia and Greece. I Lie child now in Cyprus is hoping to cross the little strip of sea. The oOn childten from Denmark have been having their preliminary training with the Danish farmers, who have been generous since 1 I iu the reception of the refugee youth, and have given them the best possible preparation for co-operative activity in tile National Home. These boys and girls obtain their visas for Palestine from the British passport office)- at Stockholm. From there they take the boat to Russia. They cross from the north to the south of the Soviet Union by train, and embark on another boat which carries them across the Black Sea to Constanza. By rail again they cross Turkey and Syria, using the Bagdad Bahn, and do ihe last lan a motor car or maybe a lorry. The Turkish authorities will lev groups of not more than fifty pass through at a time, and so the transport has to be split up. Each group has its trusted conductor. The chddren in Lithuania are for the most part Polish refugees who have al- '•eadv been through adventure after adventure to reach that temporary , haven. A tragic storv attached to the contingent in Yugoslavia. The | i arg- er part of them were living destitute for months on a boat in th" Danube, in the no-man's-water, along which thousands of Jews have wandered in this grim winter. The boa' on which they sought with their eiders to reach Palestine was stopped. The elders were interned. but th - e'hildren at least may reach the Land. One woman has, since directed this work of human salvation and regeneration. She is Henrietta Szold. the outstanding American Jewess who in the last war organized the medical service of Hadassah. which has transformed health conditions in Palestine, and who. during these sevn years, has made it her life's cans; to save the children from Nazi persecution. Palestine has just been celebrating her eightieth birthday, and acclaims her as the mother of the Youth Alijah. Through her inspiration over 8.000 boys and girls have already been trained and established on the land, realizing the words of Jeremiah: "And the children tfiall return to their own border." 