1 THE CENTRAL QUEENSLAND HERALD. j ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY, JULY 3, 1941. I . AMERICA'S MASTER MECHANIC., When William S. Knudsen entered .the United States of America in 1809 at the age of nineteen, he paused at the head of the gang-way to look over the land of his adoption, whereupon an immigration official «houted to him to "get a move on." Knudsen did, and he kept moving to such purpose that he is now Director General of the Office of Production Management, in what surely is the greatest munitions pro gramme of all time. It is indeed a big job, carrying power as autocratic as that of any pre-war monarch; but Knudsen is a big man, and although he possessed only thirty dollars on landing In the country and stepped up from a rivetter's job, he makes no bpast of being a self-made man. He says that if a man becomes successful with the aid of all that the United States has to offer, he should not boast about it. He should be grateful at not having had to make the attempt in Germany or Italy. Knudsen was born in Copenhagen in 1879, and before . he left for the United States he had passed through the entire Danish public educational system, including the gov ernment technical school. He passed from the job of rivetting to that of a railway boilermaker, whence he worked his way to a bench in a Buffalo factory. Here it was that men higher up began to take notice of the burly, soft-spoken Dane, and Knudsen soon found himself factory manager. The Ford Motor Company absorbed the factory, and placed Knudsen at the head of that firm's ship and boat-building operations in the last war, after which ho became general production manager. In 1922 General Motors secured his coveted ser vices for their Chevrolet division, which was then turning out 7G.000 cars iter annum. In two years Knudsen lm<l brought up the production to 480,000 cars, and in due course lie became presi dent of General Motors at a salary in dollars-which ran into six figures merely to sit at the head of a vast organsiation and hear the steady hum of growing business. Now he is work ing for the President of the United States for nothing-not even a dollar a year or peppercorn wage-and is working like a Trojan to build up under the magic of his hand and the wizardry of his brain the mightiest war organisa tion of all time. So is a son of stricken Denmark Working to throw out the in vader from his beloved land. Knudsen iB a master mathematician,! a devotee of charts and graphs. One of his first steps, as a member of tliej old Defence Advisory Committee, was to design a graph of aeroplane pro duction, based upon known plant, raw materials on hand and availability ofj skilled labour. At the end of seven j months, actual production was 5 per ient under the estimate. What amazed his colleagues was that, out of such a mass of intangibles and of confused | data, he should have come through with so small a margin of error; but what distressed Knudsen was that per formance was below rather than above his estimate, and he did not rest until he had ferreted out the bottle-neck and brought production up to his esti mate. For his graphs cannot err, his warrant for saying so being the record he has held for many years as America's car- production genius. An other warrant is that President Roose velt, with uncanny insight into the inherent capabilities of men. selected Khudsen to marshal for the defence of democracy the mighty resources of the United States of America. To Knudsen, the time-worn practice; of conducting government business and especially military business-on the basis of reports is anathema. He told a gathering of army officers that of the two kinds of reports "one says you can't do a thing, and the other eays you can." He added that the j former kind is worthless, and the lattM one is not needed. He was no less uncompromising when some high political officials and statesmen, desir ing to leave things as they were, be afcme stranded complacently on the IMMIIIMS well-worn "status quo." "Gentlemen,"j snorted Knudsen, "you know what it means ?' It's just fancy Latin for the bad fix we're in." Nor is he any more patient with the expert, who he | describes as "just a mechanic away from bis job." Not only has Knudsen to step up American war production to all-time records, but he has also to keep an eye) on post-war stability. He admits that) when millions of workers are called off the manufacture of war goods there will be a temporary slump, but he holds that it can be minimised-if not quite overcome-by holding work in' reserve against that time. Another safeguard is by preventing war booms which, he assures us on the unimpeachable authority of his charts and graphs, can be done and must be done. By reason of having large factories in Germany, many data reached the wizard at General Motors for dissection and analysis, as a result of which Knudsen states unequivocally that, in terms of factory production, ten Ameri- j cans are the equal of sixteen Germans. "Before the war everyone used to admire German efficiency, German workmanship,'' he wrote, " I know that Americans are better and turn out a better product, because we kept accur ate records." He attributed these results to the better living standards enjoyed by American workers as against those imposed by conditions in Ger many, but whatever the reason, the revelation is not without interest in the present desperate armament race. William S. Knudsen and his gift for organisation and production is a com manding figure today in world affairs. To him is entrusted a task equalling that of an admiral or an air marshal or a field marshal. The front battle line runs through the factories, and the directing force in the United States, in the efforts to place weapons in the hands of the fighting forces is a Dane whose regard for President Roosevelt, like his love for his enslaved country, is almost reverential. 