PERSONAL Queen Elizabeth, of England, to gether with Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret Rose, recently posed for Sgt. -Pilot Arthur Bennett, 'of Goul burn, while he photographed them. The sergeant says it was a marvellous experience' and that 'the Queen was lovely. She shook hands and asked me all the questions in creation. When T told Her Maiestv not to worrv as we had the war 'In the bag,' she laughed most heartily. * when I was taken along to be presented, the Queen and the Princesses were playing cro quet on the lawn, and the meeting that followed was delightfully In formal. I am unable to tell you when or where I met titer Majesty and her charming daughters, but you can tell everyone that they are wonderful people. I took two reels while the Queen and her daughters stood in a group, and when I send them home I will forward them by registered mail.' His Excellency the Governor General (Lord Gowrie) at Admiralty House, Sydney, made the following presenta tions: To Engineer-Commander Leo pold James Phlllimore Carr, Royal Australian Navy, the Insignia of an Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire; Flying-Officer Charles Roy Hackfath, Royal Austra lian Air Force, the Insignia of a Mem ber of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, and to Mr. Richard Thomas Edgar, the Imperial Ser vice Medal. The Governor, Lord Wakehurst and Lady Wakehurst have accepted an in vitation from the Grafton and South Grafton festivals committee to visit Grafton for the jacaranda festival, which will be held from October 26 to November 1. Rev. Dr.- Reld. Presbyterian min ister, now in Bega, and who has been in many parts of the world, ls very much impressed with the memorial to Dr. Evershed, father of Mr. Evershed, Commercial Bank, Wagga. Mrs. F. J. Barron, who has had an extended holiday in Melbourne, is spending a few days with Mrs. B. Morton at Gurwood-street, wagga, en route to her home in Netv Zealand. Lindon Mary Randle, aged 15 months, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Randle, of Wardle- street, Junee, is in a low condition hi the Junee District Hospital. Mrs. S. J. Michael, of 'Newlands,' is now in Rosebeth Private Hospital, The Rock, for convalescence, follow ing an operation at Rawson Private Hospital, Wagga. The many friends of Mr. Arthur Barrat, of Mirrool-street, Coolamon, who is a patient in the Wagga Base Hospital, will be pleased to know he is showing a little improvement. All wish him a speedy recovery. Mr. Collins will visit three towns in his electorate early next week on his way to Melbourne on departmental business as Postmaster-General. On Monday he will be at his home at Young, Tuesday at Wagga all day, and on Tuesday night lie will stay at the Globe Hotel, Albury, leaving for Mel bourne on Wednesday morning. Miss Ursula Andrews has arrived home from a vacation in the city, ac companied by her sister, Mrs. J. F. Deegan, and baby daughter Judith. Mrs. Deegan, who is an active mem ber. of the WA.NJ3., will remain as a guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Andrews, while her husband is on duty at the R.AAF. school, Wagga. There was a very large and repre sentative gathering of, bankers, friends, and representatives of„_St.- Thorqai' Church at ' the Commonwealth Bapk, Narandera, after office hours on Tues- ] day afternoon to say farewell to Mr. Greg. Bushell, who has been called up! for training in the R.A.AJ1., and to' make him presentations prior to his departure. Mr. G. Taylor (manager of the Commonwealth Bank'), presided and there were many speakers, in cluding Bishop Halse, Emeritus Arch deacon Rawling, and representatives of the various banks. A number of presentations were made. Mr. Bushell left Narandera on Wednesday after noon on a visit to his parents in Wagga. Mr. Felix H. Siebels, of Wooden Wqo-ctq titoc cn/VAcef ill 1ti -rairt_ me his L.O.A. Diploma in a recent advertising examination conducted by the Advertising Association of Aus tralia. Mrs. W. E. gargood. of 'Quat Quatta,' Corowa, Southern Riverina Divisional Commander of the Girl Guides, visited Albury to inspect the companies, which included the guides, rangers and brownies. She was ac companied by Miss Sanger. ! Mr. Stephen Martin, son of Dr. W. j W. Martin, of Wagga, is home on leave from the R.AA.F. for a few days from Camden. On Monday he expects to leave for Ambcrley (Q.) his new appointment. The Yass 'Tribune-Courier' says: 'Sergeant A. P. Shlpway ha® re sumed duties at Yass after spending his vacation at Wagga. The ser geant reports that Wagga is making great progress. New residences are being erected and the district is in a prosperous condition.' Mr. J. S. Duncan, Official Secretary In London for the Commonweal ih Government, has returned to Australia after an absence of three and a half years, for consultations with Federal authorities. Sir Evelyn and Lady Wrench have arrived in Sydney, Sir Evelyn ls the founder of the English Speaking Union and the Overseas League. G'e is also director of the London 'Spec-, tator.' Sir Evelyn said Australia would have to devise an immigration scheme in which the Scandinavian, Dutch, Swiss and Danish people might be interested- Britain could not assist for at least 10 years after the war. Brian Monfries, of Sydney, a Y.M.C.A. representative with the A.I-F., who was taken prisoner at To bruk, and is now in a war prisoners'; camp in Italy, Is continuing Y.M.CA. service amone fellow- Drisoners. Mr. J. Barnes, former Mayor of Sandringliam (V.) economic adviser io two Imperial Conference, deputy Direction of Migration and expresi dent of the British Ex-Service Legion, speaking at a Rotary lunch in Orange, siid: 'On May 1, 1936, I stood in the Red Square, Moscow, and saw the most wonderful display of military might — I had seen Germany's — and, If that is any criterion, I would say that the Russians will give the Germans a headache before many more da-s have pasFPd. Talkir' about the fighting capabilities of the Russians, when I say they will fight to the death rather than be overrun by the Germans, my Impressions are based on tlie ideolo gical system of f^e Soviet.' Mr. Barnes was addressing the Orange Rotary Club. 'I hope the day will never come,' he said, 'when conditions of life are the «— »ie in our M as I have seen them In Russia— where women do scaveng ing work and sweep the streets But there is one example given by Russia that Britain could well follow. Russia enjoys free medical service.' 