? SABOTAGE THREAT. FRENCH VESSELS WATCHED. U.S.A. May Seize 19. WASHINGTON, April 1. (A.A.P.) A high Treasury official revealed last night that the United States had placed 19 French merchantmen, in- cluding; the liner Normandie (83,423 tons), "under surveillance." This action is interpreted to be the forerunner to the seizure of these vessels, which are tied up in six U.S. ports. The official said that the vessels were being watched by coastguards and port authorities. He added that no addi- tional seizures were planned for the next 24 hours-presumably until Presi- dent Roosevelt-returns to Washington. Seizures of German and Italian ships have extended to other American Re- publics-Cuba, Costa Rica, and Peru. An unconfirmed report states that, in addition, Mexico has taken 12 Axis ships into custody. The French frcighiei He de Oucssant (5,187 tons) sailed yesterday for a destination an- nounced as Norfolk, Virginia, bul Instead dropped anchor off Staten Island. No explanation was available from the line, officials of which said they wore not con- cerned by the interruption to the voyage, and were confident the ship would gel a clearance to take a cargo of food and fuel to the French Island.of Martinique, in the West Indies. AXIS PROTESTS TO U.S.A. Germany and Italy have formally protested to the United States against the seizure ot German and Italian ships tied up in U.S ports. There were indications yesterday from both President Roosevelt and the Secretary of State. Mr. Cordell Hull, that the protests will be firmly rejected. The Department of Justice yesterday began deportation proceedings against 875 offlccis and men removed from Axis vessels Simul- taneously, the Federal Bureau of investiga- tion opened an investigation of sabotage on Italian craft, willi a view to prosecutions. It is believed that the result of Ihn deporta- tion procccdlnss will be in'irnmcnt of tin crews for the duration of the war. The Danish Legation in Washington said that It would not protest against the seizure of Danish ¿hips. "Danish sailors (eel very hurt that they are associated In the mind of the public with sailors who sabotaged their ships," said an attache of the Legation. "No Danish sailors have harmed ships. It must be remembered that 5,000 Danish seamen are now sailing for Britain." The master of each setrad Danish Whip and not more than six Danish seamen ave being left board their vessels, as a matter m cour- tesy, the Treasury announced last nlgn\, The number of sailors permitted to remain aboard varies with the size of the vessel. While German and Italian sailors have been taken Into protective custody, the Danes are given freedom to come and go at Ellis Island, the Immigration depot. Al! the Danes hailed the seizure of Ihoir shlpt gleefully. Thcv said they were pro-British. Mr. Cordell Hull, at a Press conference, 'le clined to.answer questions on the future dis- positions of the ships. He said that l he Government had acted only because the ships were being sabotaged, and there was a pos- sibility of their being scuttled, to the detri- ment of American harbours The Treasury yesterday stated that 70 foreign ships had been seized by the Un ¡tee! States. Of these 28 Italian, two German, and 3ß Danish ships had been taken Into custody by the Coast Guard, the Army, and the Navy in ports in the United Slates and the Panama Canal Zone. Four other Danish vessels were taken over by the Navy In Philippine waters. The 70 vessels aggregated 320.000 tons, including 169,000 tons Italian 9.000 tons German, and 142,000 tons Danish \- - SEIZURES IN PHILIPPINES. The four Danish ships seized in Philippine waters are the Gertrude Macrsk, the Grclc Maersk, the Huida Maersk, and the Mar- chen Macrsk, aggregating 23,795 tons. A U.S. Haw bombing plane carried 15 men lo Ccbu Island, in the central Philip- pines, to take over one of the vessels, and naval crews of 15 mon each boarded the three others, which were in Manila Bay Fifty-two officers and men of the Italian motor-ship Lemo (0,059 tons) were arraigned before the United States Commissioner at Poitlnnd (Oregon) yesterday, on charges ol sabotaging the vessel. Bail for the crew was fixed at 7,500 dollars (£A2,343/15/) each, and bonds for the mas- ter, Captain Giovanni Polonio, nnd five othei officers at 10,000 dollars (£A3,125) each. The money was not pul up. and the defendants remained in custody. Forty-three German and Italian seamen m Boston began n non-sleep and hunger strike while they awaited action by the Immigration Service on their position now that their ships have been seized. 