ENEMY SHIPS FIRED BY CREWS INCIDENT IN CENTRAL AMERICAN PORT (Australian Associated Press) NEW YORK. Monday. xne uerman ireigmer xasenacn ana me nanan freighter Fella, anchored at Punta Arenas (Costa Rica) , were set afire by their crews today Forty arqied men, under the Director of Police (Colonel Manuel Rodriguez), went out to put a spe cial guard aboard the ships to avoid sabotage. Just as they were boarding the vessels, an explo sion occurred and fire rapidly enveloped the Eisenach. jTIE Eisenach Is considered a total loss, but strenuous efforts are ; being made to control the fire aboard the 6072-tons motorship Fella. The German and Italian crews, numbering 120 men, have been ar rested and charged with commit ting sabot/ge. The French ships are already un der police guard. Four Danish ships in Philippine waters were taken un der protective custody to-day by the U.S. Navy. A Navy bombing plane carried 15 men to Cebu (in the Cen tral Philippines) to take over a vessel tied up there. Naval crews, of 15 men each, board ed three Danish craft In Manila Bay. Admiral Hart. Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Atlantic Fleet, said that the four ships were taken over by the Navy to prevent sabotage b.v their own crews. xt The four ships. aggregating 23.800 tons, are the Gertude Maersk. Grete Maersk, Hulda Maersk. and Marchen Maersk. Ships Set Afire The German freighter Esinach and the Italian freighter Fella, anchored at Punta Arenas (Chile), were set afire by their crews this morning. It is expected that Axis shipping in South American ports will shortly be seized. Ten Italian and German freighters in Mexican ports are preparing to dash to sea. Washington anticipates a violent AxLs protest and believes that the seizures will bring relations between the United States and the Axis closer to rupture. The 'New York Sun' comments that whatever the legal basis for the seiz ures. the practical implication is plain: The shins will Indirectly play a part in the battle of the Atlantic. They will probably replace American merchantmen which will be trans ferred to Britain. The general manager of the Italian line (Signor Verrandao) claims that the ships were seized in accordance with a long pre-arranged plan. The captain of the Italian freighter Mongolia told the coastguard boarding party that orders to wreck his engines came from the Italian Naval Attache at Washington. A coastguard officer states the Italians did a 'stupid lob' of wrecking. They left the broken parts of machinery in large sections, so that It will be comparatively easy to repair. On Hunger Strike A 'New York Times' reporter, who visited some of the ships, said they - were indescribably chaotic and filthy, « 'Machinery, clothing and rubbish i strewed the decks and engine-rooms.' 1 lie added. 'The crews hauled heavy I weights bv winches and let them « crash into the holds and engines.' j Forty-three German and Italian i sailors at Boston have gone on a 'non- ♦ sleep and hunger' strike, while they , await action by the US. immigration i ^Thcf' crews, numbering 16.000 men. arc stronglv guarded in ?Internment ramps pending instructions from President Roosevelt on what is to be , done with them. ~ . He took action under a U.S. law ? introduced during the last war to pre- 1 vent navigation In U.S. harbors being ( endangered bv sunken shins. This law ? also nennita the President to assume title to the vessels because their cap tains wilfully planned sabotage. May Be Deported It is expected that the Italian crews will be deported. The seizure of the ships has been one of the war's (treat sensations for Americans. It lias thrilled them as much as Admiral Cimnlnshams vic tory in the Mediterranean. The U.S. Treasury to-dav published a formal compilation of the 70 ships seized. „ „ _ It shows that 23 Italian. 2 Ger man and 26 Danish shins were taken Into custody by the United States Coast Guard. Army and Navy In ports of the United Stntes and the Panama Canal zone. Four other Danish ves sels were taken over bv the Navv in Philippine waters. The Treasury states that all crews have been removed. The 70 vessels acsrceate 320.000 tons— 109.000 Italian. 9000 German, and 142.000 Danish. French Ships Sabotaslna resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships, states the Treasury. , ,, . Federal officials said to-dav that the U.S. Government may follow up Its seizure of 70 German. Italian and Danish ships b.v taklna possession ot seven French ships tied up In New Yoik Harbor and eight In other OS. ports. These Include the 8.7,423-ton luxury Iner Normandle. second largest shin ifloat. The French shiDS are already under jolice guard. The US. Secretary for State (Mr. Uordell Hull) said to-day that the U.S. Government was not planning o make anv representation to the itxis Governments regarding shins seized in American ports vesterdav. 'Our actions speak more effectively than words In the circumstances.' he added. He declined to discuss the eventual disposition of the vessels. 