AXIS SHIPS FIRED AS POLICE BOARD More Seizures By U.S. From Our Own Correspondent and Australian Associated Press NEW YORK, Monday. The German freighter Eisenach and the Italian freighter Fella anchored at Puntarenas (Costa Rica) were set afire by their crews to-day. Forty armed men under the Director of Police (Colonel Manuel Rodriguez) went out to put a special guard aboard the ships to avoid sabotage. Just as they were boarding the vessels explosions occurred. Fire rapidly enveloped the Eisen ach and she is considered a total loss, but strenuous efforts are being made to control the fire aboard the 6072 tons motorship Fella. The German and Italian crews, numbering 120 men, have been ar rested and charged with commit ting sabotage. It Is expected that Axis shipping In South American ports will shortly be seized. Ten. Italian and German freighters In Mexican ports are preparing to :!ash to sea. Four Danish ships In Philippine waters were taken under protec tive custody to-day by the U.S. Navy. May Seize Liner "Normandie" Federal officials stated to-day that it Is "quite possible" the U.S. Government may follow up its seizure of 70 German. Italian, and Danish ships by taking possession o! seven French ships tied up in New York Harbor, and eight in other U.S. ports. These include the 83,423 Ions luxury-liner "Normandie," second largest ship afloat. The French ships are already under police guard. Alarmed at the prospect of seizure two French freighters are sailing for unoccupied France at the week-end with flour and dried milk. The French ireighter. He d'Oues- sant, left her berth with a cargo of food and fuel for the French port of Martinque (West Indies) to-day, but dropped antnor off Staten Island flown Nf»w Vnrlp Horhnr lio silvm n r» parcntly been refused clearance. Hull Says "Acts— Not Words" The UB. Secretary of State (Mr. Cordell Hull) was asked at his Press conference to-day whether the U.S. Government would send a protest to Germany and Italy for sabotaging their ships in U;S. harbors. "Our action speaks more effec tively than words In the circum stances," he replied. "No one hag yet questioned the ab solute legality of this country's ac tion," he added. Mr. Hull declined to discuss the eventual disposition of the ships. He said the U.S. Government acted only because the ships were being sa botaged and there was a possibility of their being scuttled to the detriment of American harbors. Asked whether seizure of the ships brought America nearer to involve ment in war, Mr. Hull said: "The U.S. Government is following its for mula of giving all aid to Britain and similarly situated countries." Axis Protest To U.S.A. It was reported later that both Germany and Italy had protested against seizure of the ships. The protests were stated to have been made through the German Em bassy In Washington, but no details were revealed. Washington anticipated a vio lent Axis protest and believes the seizures will bring relations be tween the United States and the Axis closer to rupture. The "New York Sun" comments that, whntever the legal basis for the seizures, the practical Implication Is plain; The ships will Indirectly play a part in the Battle of the Atlantic. They will probably replace Ameri can merchantmen, which will be transferred to Britain. Forty-three German and Italian sailors at Boston have gone on a "non-sleep and hunger" strike while they await action by the U.S. Immi gration Service. The crews, numbering 1600 men, are strongly guarded in Internment camps, pending Instructions from ' President Roosevelt on what is to be done with them. It is expected that the Italian crews will he deported Seizure of the Axis ships has been one of the war's great sen sations for Americans. It has thrilled them as much as Admiral Cunningham's victory In the Mediterranean. 