SEIZURE OF SHIPS SENSATION IN AMERICA Attempt To Set Vessels On Fire Protest By Germany j LONDON, Tuesday. -The lead given by the u.s. go vernment In seizing IteHan and German merchant vessels in ner harbors, may .hortly be followed ,,y the South American Repubbea. CoVa Rico has already arrested ihr cows ot a German and Ita»a» ve^J The crews tried to .set lire to men fihlDS. . ..i- Offlcails in Waxhinsion nave »-- indicated that French vessels In US -om nstf be seized later this week ' t Ja-sta:«lthui 15 French vessels. I includlnK the cra,k luxury liner Nor- ( mandic of 83.423 ton*, would 1* ettec- , ud by thi-s decision. , The Normantlii' is .sh.-Ueri-.v; m Ne\\- | York Harbor. Ita'.y and Germanv are both pso tctln's to the U.S. a;:aiiv,t the piac ?in' of KUiiarrfs on Axir. and Axb en rolled ships in U.S. harbors. OflWais in the U.S. however hn flatod that they will t«kc little noti:e o! the protests. Le-al action Ls to be taken agains. COO senmen under th.- Immigration Laws and In addition 52 Italian sen tnen are to Ix- put on trial tor sab..V ' Vorty-three German and Italian ? illors at Boston have gone on n -non-sleep ant1, hunger' strike whl.n they aw\iit action by the U.S. Immi gration Service. The trews, numbering NWO rn''' ,,e stronsly giiarded in intenmien. ;amps. pending Iiwtructions from President R.:osovelt on what is to oe :lone with them. The crews of 3C Danish vessels have been handed over to the Immigration authorities, but it is understood tha; no acflon will be taken a?ainst them. p-endent Roosevelt is reported to have stated that he personally Issued the .:rder for the seizure of the Oer man and Italian ships. Seizure of the ships has been one of the war's great sensations for Am ericans . It ha* thrilled them as much ns Admiral Cunningham's victory in the Mediterranean. The U.S. Treasury today published a formal compilation of the '0 ships seized. _ It shows that 28 Italian, 2 Gei ?ran and 26 Danish ships were taken in'.o custody by me u.o. ^v**v Guard, Army and Navy In l*rU the United States and the Panama Canal Zonue. Four other Danish ves sels were taken over by Uie Navy in Philippine waters. The Treasury states that all crew* have been removed. The 70 heft-els agj.-eji.i'e 320.000 tons-169.000 Italian, 0000 German, nnd 142,000 Danish. F.ibotasin-; resulted in extensive damase to at '.east. 20 Italian ship.-', sta'es the Treasury. The general manager of the Italian line iSlynor V-rrandao) claim.i rha' the ships were seize;', in accordance with a Inn? pre-arranged plan Th' captain of the Italian freighter Mtr.piola told ttv Cpast Guard hnardina party that orders to wreck his engines came from the Italian naval at'arhc in Wasrlngton. I A Coastriiard efficer suites the Italians did a 'stupid fob' of wverk ;ini. Tliey left the broken parts ?-! 'machinery in large sections, so I' will be comparatively e-asy to repair. I a 'New Yirrk Times' reporter w!io jvislred some of the shi^s said they I were inde.Trltably chaotic and Hlthv i'M'chtnery. dcthlna and rubbkh jr...(...r.i .iu, ,i,.rks nnd. enalne-rooms.' he :H(!-H. 'Th' crews haule:l heavv ?.-?.i-viLs hv -A-hir-her ar'l let their cri-r':i lhtr- 'he holds and engines.' 