U.S. EXPECTED TO SEIZE MORE SHIPS AXIS POWERS PROTEST WASHINGTON, Tuesday.-The United States Government has placed under sur veillance 19 French merchantmen in American ports, including the liner Nor mandie (83,423 tons). This is interpreted as the forerunner of the seizure of these vessels. Altogether 70 non-American ships, in cluding German and Italian, have already been seized to prevent sabotage. Germany and Italy have formally protested against the seizure, but there are indications from President Roosevelt and the Secretary of State (Mr. Cordell Hull) that the protests will be firmly rejected. The Secretary of State (Mr. Hull) at his press conference to-day was asked whether the American Govern _ment would protest to Germany and Italy for sabotaging their vessels in American harbours. He said no one had yet questioned the absolute legality of America's ac tion. He declined to answer questions on the future disposition of the ships, asserting that the Government acted only because the ships were being sabo taged and because of the possibility of their being scuttled to the detriment of American harbours. The seizure embraces every Ital ian and German ship in the United States, but it is widely expected that neutral shipping in the United States and also Axis ships in South America will soon be seized. Set Afire Four more Danish ships in Philip pine waters have been seized, The German freighter Eisenach (4323 tons) and the Italian freighter Fella (6072 tons), anchored at Punta Arenas, Costa Rica (Central America), were set on fire by their crews this morn ing. They blazed fiercely and became a total loss. Fifty-three Italians and 48 Germans were taken prisoner. In Boston 43 German and Italian sal lors began a non-sleep and hunger strike while they awaited immigration service action on their status since the seizure of the ships. The District Director of Immigration (Mr. John Mulcahey) said that 16 Ger mans and 27 Italians refused to go to bed last night and would not eat break fast to-day. The seizure of the 70 ships is ranked as one of the greatest sen sations of the war, even tending to 'rival the thrill of the British naval -victory in the Mediterranean. Total 320,000 Tons :The Treasury statement showed that 28 Italian, 2 German, and 36 Danish ships were taken into custody by the Coast Guard, Army and Navy in ports of the United States and Panama Ca nal zone. .. Four other Danish vessels were taken over by the navy in Philippine waters. All the crews had been removed. The 70 vessels aggregated 320,000 tons-- Italian 169,000 tons, German 9000 tons, Danish 142,000 tons. Sabotaging had resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships. The French freighter Ile D'Ouessant sailed to-day for a destination an nounced as Norfolk, Virginia, but in stead dropped anchor off Staten Island, amid rising speculation as to whether the Government planned some action against the French ships. French Line officials said they were not concerned by the interruption to the voyage, and were confident the ship would get a clearance to take a cargo of food and fuel to Martinique. They said there were 15 French ships in American ports, eight of them in New York. The French ships tied up in New York harbour, which may also be seiz ed, are already under police guard. Federal officials stress the value to Britain of President Roosevelt's action in taking over the Axis and Danish vessels. More Sabotage Meanwhile fresh stories of sabotage on vessels in port come from wide spread quarters. At Callao (Peru) the German steamers Leipzig and Monser rate, loaded with cotton, tried to es cape from the outer anchorage, but the cruiser Colonel Bolognes forced them to return to port. The German crews set fire to the ships, which continued to burn early this morning. The German steamers Hermonthis and Muenchen departed without regard for port formalities. At Havana (Cuba) the navy seized the iRiian freighter Recca, after which several small bombs exploded at the home of the Minister for State (Senor Jose Cortina). who' said that the inci dent was undoubtedly connected with the seizure of the ship. The American Department of Justice to-day began deportation proceedings against 875 officers and men removed from Axis vessels. Simultaneously. the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an investigation into sabotage on Ital ian craft with a view to prosecutions. It is believed that as a result of de portation proceedings the crews will be interned for the duration of the war. At Portland (Oregon) 52 officers, and men of the Italian motorship Leme were arraigned" before the U.S. Com missioner and charged with sabotage. They were released on substantial bail, 'Danish Seamen Masters of Danish merchantmen and some of the crews are being permitted to remain on their ships as a matter of courtesy. The rest of the crews are being turned over to the immigra tion authorities, but will receive fa voured treatment. The Danish Legation states that no protest will be made against the seizure of 30 Dahish ships. No Danish sailors have harmed their ships, and it is pointed out that 5000 of them are now sailing for Britain. No additional seizures are planned for 24 hours, apparently until Presi dent Roosevelt returns to Washington. BRIDGE OVER ATLANTIC NEW YORK, Monday.-Despite continued denials by Administration quarters, Maritime Commission authorities reveal that between 120 and 140 American vessels will soon be transferred to British registry, says the Washing ton correspondent of the "Journal of Commerce." The coastal and inter-coastal ship ping trades will be tapped in an effort to begin making a bridge of ships across the Atlantic. Representatives of coastal and in ter-coastal shipping firms are report ed to have submitted details of avail able tonnage, and later received as surances from the Maritime Commis sion that provision would be made to restore trade sacrificed after the emer gency had passed. It is further said that shipping lines and railroads will co-operate to de liver cargo coming from the Far East and from Pacific ports. thereby elimi The crack French liner, Normandie. nating 6000 miles' steaming for Pa cific ships carrying cargoes for the eastern and middle states. Axis Ships, Too? The 120 to 140 vessels mentioned does not include the Axis ships seized in American ports, which officials con fidently believe will eventually be des tined to carry armaments to Eng land. The immediate transfer of 50 ships is expected shortly after the arrival of Sir Arthur Salter, British Treasury ex pert, from Britain. 