?OCKHAMPTOW THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1941. AMERICA'S MASTER MECHANIC. . When William S- Knudsen entert the United States of America in 18Î at the age of nineteen, he paused i the head of the gang-way to look ove the land of his adoption, whereupo an immigration official shouted to hil to "get a move on." Knudsen did, an he kept moving to such purpose the he is now Director General of the Oflk of Production - Management, in whs surely is the greatest munitions prt gramme of all time. It is indeed a bi joh, carrying power as autocratic s that of any pre-war monarch ; bu Knudsen is a big man. and although h possessed, .only, thirty.dollars on landin in the country and stepped np from ; ri vetters job, he makes no boast o being a self-made man. He says tba if a man becomes successful with th aid of all that the United States ha to offer, he should not boast about it He should be grateful at not ha vin; had to make the, attempt in German; or fbaly. '.1 Knudsen; was born hi Copenhagen $T "1¿78,. jthd'i beftn-e fie left -fa the United States he had passe* through the : entire Danish ' publi educational ey stem, including the gov emment technic*! Behool. He passel from>the |pp of Tivetting to that bf i railway boilermaker, whence he worke* his way to a bench in a Buffalo factory Here it wai that men higher up begai to take notice of the burly, soft-spokei Dane, and Knudsen soon found himsel faîtofy taanager. The Ford Moto! Company * absorbed the factory, anc placed Knudsen, at the. head of thal firm's ship and boat-building operation! m the Jast war, after which he became general production manager, in 192Í General Motors secured his coveted ser vices' lor their Chevrolet division, whiçt Was then turning out 76,000 cars pei annum. . In two years Knudsen hat tamght np il»-production to 480,00t cara, and in due course he became presi- dent of General Motors at a salary-« dollars-which ' ran into six -figure! merely to sit at the' head of a vast organsiation and hear the steady hum of growing -business. Now he is work- ing for. the 'President of the United States for nothing-^ot even a dollai a year' or" peppercorn wage-and M working like a Trojan to build np under tie magic of bis. hand and thè wizardry pf his brain the mightiest war organisa- tion of all time. So is a son of stricken Denmark working to throw out the in- vader from HU beloved land. Knudsen is a master mathematician, * devotee of charts and graphs. One of his first steps, as a member of the old Defence Advisory Committee, was to design - a graph of aeroplane pro- duction,-based upon known plant, raw materials on hand and avai'ability of skilled labour. At the end of seven months, actual production was, 6 per cent andei- the estimate.. What amassed his colleagues waa that, out of such a mass of intangibles and of confused data, he should have come through with so small a margin of error ; but what distressed Knudsen was tbat per- formance was below rather than above bier estimate, and he did not rest until bç . had ferreted out the bottle-neck knd brought production up to his esti- mate. For his graphs cannot err, his warrant for saying so being the record he has . - held for many . years as America's car-production genius. An- other warrant is that President Roose- velt, with uncanny insight into the inherent capabilities of men. selected Knudsen to marshal for the defence of democracy the mighty resources of the United States of America. To Knudsen, the time-worn practice of conducting government business and especially military business-on the basis of reports is anathema. He told a- gathering of army officers that of the two kinds of reports' "one says you can't do a thing, and the other Fays you can." He added that the former kind is> worthless, and the latter one is not needed. He was no less uncompromising when some high , political officials and statesmen, desir injr to leave things as they were, be- came stranded complacently on the well- worn *' status quo." " Gentlemen," snorted Knudsen, "yon know what it means' Î It's jußt fancy Latin for the bad fix we're in." Xor is he any more patient with the expert, who he describes as "just a mechanic away from his job." Not only has Knudsen to jstep up American war production to all-time records, but he has" also to keep an eye on post-war stability. He admits that when millions of workers are called off the manufacture of war goods there will be a temporary slump, but he holds that it can be minimised- if not quite overcome-by holding work in reserve !against that time. Another safeguard is by preventing war booms which, hi assures us on the unimpeachable authority of his charts and graphs, can be done and must be done. By reason of having large factories in Germany, many data reached the wizard at General Motors for dissection and analysis, as a result of which Knudsen states unequivocally that, in terms of factory production, ten Ameri- cans are the equal of sixteen Germans. " Before the war everyone used to admire German efficiency, German workmanship," he wrote, "I know that Americans are better and turn out a better product, because we kept accur- ate records." He attributed these results to the better living standards enjoyed by American workers as against those imposed by conditions in Ger- many, but whatever the reason, the revelation is not without interest in the present desperate armament race. William S. Knudsen and his gift for organisation and production is a com- manding figure today in world affairs. To him is entrusted a task equalling that of an admiral or an air marshal or a field marshal. The front battle line runs through the factories, and the directing force in the United States, in the efforts to place weapons in the hands of the fighting forces is a Dane whose regard for President Roosevelt, like his love for his enslaved country, is almost reverential. 