70 SEIZED. SHIPS IN AMERICAN PORTS. WASHINGTON, March 81.- The Treasury to-day published a formal compilation of 70 ships, the seizure of which has ranked as one of the great est sensations of the war, even tending to rival the thrill of Admiral Sir Andrew Cunnlngham's naval victory. The Treasury statement showed that 218 Italian, two German, and 36 Dan ish ships were taken into custody by the Coast Guard, the army, and the navy in ports in the United States and the Panama Canal zone. Four other Danish vessels were taken over by the navy in Philippine wate:'s. The Treasurv raid to-day that all the crews had been removed fromn the 10 vessels, which aggcregated 320.000 tons. including 13,000 tons of Italian shlpping. 9000 tons of German, and 142.000 tons of Dalnish. Sabotage, which has resulted in extensive damage to ut least 20 Italian ships, spread to Central Amerlca to-day, when the crews set fire to one German and one italian shin in Costa Rica. A mnessage from San Jose (Costa Rica) states that the German freighter Elsenach, of 4323 tons, and the Italian frelighter Fella, of 6072 tons, which were anchored at Punts Arenas (Costa Rica) were set on fire by their crews this morning. The offcial version of the burning of the German and Italian vessels said that 40 armed police, under the police director, Colonel Man uel Rodriguez. moved to olace a spe clal guard aboard the ships, in order to avoid sabotage this morning. Just as they were boarding the vessels, an elxplosion occurred. Fire rapidly en veloped the Elsenach entirely, and she is considered a total loss, but strenu ous efforts are being made to control the fire aboard the Fellas. One hundred and twenty Italian and German mem bers of the crews were detained and charged with committing sabotage. Federal officials in Washington said it was Quite possible that the Govern. ment would also take over the huge French liner Normandie, of 88.423 tons, and five other French ships tied up in New York. A Navy bombing 'plane carried 15 men to Sebu in the Central Philippines to take over a vessel tied up there. Naval crews of 15 men each boarded three Danish craft In Manila Bay. The four ships, which aggregate 23.800 tons, are the Gertrude Maersk, the Grete Maersk. the Hulda MHersk. and the Marchen Maerak. At Boston, 48 German and Italian seamen began a non-aleep and hunger ntrike while they awaited action by the Immigration Service with regard to their status following on the seizure of their ships. The District Director of Immigration (Mr. John Mulcahey) said that 16 Germans and 27 Italian seamen refused to go to bed last night. and would not eat any breakfast to day. 