U S. SEIZES MORE SHIPS: TOTAL 70 French Vessels Next? Australian Associated Press NEW YORK, Monday. — Altogether 70 non- American ships, including German and Italian, have how been seized in American ports, according to a formal compilation published today by the United States Treasury. Four more Danish ships in Philippine waters have been seized, and Federal officials said today that It was possible the Govcntment would also take over the huge French liner Normandie (83,423 tons) and seven other French ships tied up In New York harbor. The German freighter, Eisenach (4323 tons), and the Italian freighter. Fella (6072 tons), anchored at Punta Arenas, Costa Rica (Central America), were set on fire by their crews this morning. In Boston, 43 German and Italian sailors began a non-sleep and hunger strike while they, awaited immigra tion service action on their status since the seizure of lite ships. The District Director of Immigration (Mr John Mulcahey) said that 16 Ger mans and 27 Italians refused to go to bed last night and would not eat break fast today. The eeixure of the 70 ehipi it ranked at one of the greater) ren- sntioni of the war, oven, tending to rival the thrill of the British nival victory in the Mediterranean. The Treasury statement showed that 28 Italian, 2 German, and 36 Danish ships were taken into custody by the Coast Guard, Army and Navy in ports of the United States and Panama Canal zone. Four other Danish vessels were taken over by the Navy in Philippine waters. All the crews had been re moved. Thn 70 vessels aorrreeatcd 320.000 tons — Italian 109,000 tons, German 0000 tons. Danish 142.000 tons. Sabotaging had resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships. NAVY ACTS IN PHILIPPINES The four Danish ships in Philippine waters were taken under protective custody today by the United States Navy. A Navy bombing plane carried 15 men to Cebtt, in the central Philip pines, to take over a vessel tied up there. Naval crews of 15 men each boarded three Danish crnft in Manila Bay. Admiral Hart, commander-in-chief of the United States Asiatic Fleet, said the four ships were taken over by the Navy to prevent sabotage by their own crews. The four ships, ag gregating 23,800 tons, are the Gertrude Maersk, the Crete Maersk, the Hulda Maersk and the Marchcn Maersk. The official version of the burning of the ships at Puntarenas said that 40 armed police, under police director Col. Manuel Rodriguez, had taken steps to place a special guard aboard the ships to avoid sabotage. This morning, just as they were boarding the vessels, an explosion occurred. Fire rapidly entirely envel oped the Eisenach and the vessel is considered a total loss, but strenuous efforts arc being made to control the fire aboard the Fella. One hundred and twenty Italian and German members of the crews were detained Rnd charged with commit- Htirv enhntotrn The French freighter lie D'Ouessant sailed .today for a destination an nounced as Norfolk, Virginia, but in stead dropped anchor off Staten Island, amid rising speculation as to whether the Government planned some action against the French ships. French Line officials said they were not concerned by the Interruption to the voyage, ana were confident the ship would get a clearance to take a cargo of food and fuel to Martinique. They said there were 15 French ships in American ports, eight of them in New York. The Herald Special Service The French ships tied up In New York harbor, which may also be seiz ed. are already under police guard. Federal officials stress toe value to Britain of President Roosevelt's action in taking over the Axis and Danish vessels. The New York Sun declares that, whatever the legal basis for the seiz ure, practical implication is plain. The seized ships will indirectly play a part in the cattle of the Atlantic, since they will probably replace Ame rican merchantmen transferred to Britain. Referring to the damage to the I Italian ships, a coastguard official de-j clared that the Italians did "a stupid Job." He pointed out that while the! machinery was badly smashed, it was comparatively easy to repair, because; the broken parts were left in large; rtlnpoe i The general manager of the Italian Line (Slgnor Verrandao) claimed that the seizure of the ships was in ac cordance with a plan arranged for a long time. AXIS PROTEST EXPECTED Washington officials anticipate a violent protest from the Axis against the seixures and consider that a break in relations with the Axis has boon brought closer. The Secretary of State (Mr Hull), at his press conference today, was asked whether the American Gov ernment would protest to Germany and Italy for sabotaging their ves sels in American harbors. i Ha enlrl tin niio 1m rt VAh miP.cHmiPrl : the absolute legality of America's action. He declined to answer ques tions on the future disposition ot the I ships, asserting that the Government! acted only because the sltips were being sabotaged and because of the! possibility of their being scuttled to; the detriment of American harbors. I The captain of the Italian freight! , Monglola, told coastguards who board ed tho ship that his orders to wreck Ills engines came from the Italian naval attache in Washington. Other captains refused to comment, Tito German naval attache at Wash ington merely said the seizuro was "very Interesting." I The seizure embraces every Italian and German ship in the United States, but it is widely expected that neutral shipping in the United States and also Axis shins in South America will soon be seized. Mexican circles expect that 10 Italian and Germnn freighters in Mexican ports will make a dash to sea to avoid seizure, which the Mexican Govern ment is already discussing. The New York Herald Tribune points out that the United States law passed during the last war, under which the ships were seized, also permits the Pre sident to assume title and declare them forfeit because the captains wilfully planned sabotage. Meanwhile, the crews are strongly guarded In internment camps pending instructions from Mr Roosevelt about their future. The New York Times correspondent j visited the ships and said they were in describably chaotic and filthy, with! smashed machinery, clothing, and rub bish strewing the decks and engine rooms. The crews hauled heavy weights with winches and let theni crash into the holds and on the engines. 