SEIZURE OF SHIPS! Britain Should Gain Hiern Our Own Correspondent) NEW YORK, Tuesday. If the Latin American Govern ! ments seize all Axis shipping shed tering in their ports, as seems likely, Britain should benefit indirectly to the extent of about 500,000 tons of valuable shipping. I Mr. Hull, Secretary- of State, last night i defended the legality of the U.S.A. action, said President Roosevelt told journalists that they could safely make certain assumptions whether or not he had per i sonally ordered the ships to be seized, The question now is how the U.S. can manoeuvre part or all of the confiscated 1320,000 tons to aid Britain. Mr. Hull. Mr. Stimson. War Secretary, and Colonel J Knox, Navy Secretary, met last night, and are understood to have discussed this question. I It is evident that the Government in I tends to net quickly, because a group of naval technicians and workers yesterday boarded five damaged Italian freighters at Newark and disclosed that repairs I could probably be made speedily, as the machinery is all of standard English I manufacture. , Possibly the Danish vessels, which are fast and modern, will be put directly into the Transatlantic service to take war supplies to Britain under charter. The seized Italian and German ships l might be used on American routes, thus ! freeing an equal tonnage for transfer to Britain. Under the Espionage Act the U.S. could take only the formal title to the 120 vessels actually sabotaged in American waters, but it is hinted in Washington that new legislation may be sought to permit the Government to acquire others. CREWS MAY BE INTERNED (Australian Associated Press) The Justice Department began depor . tation proceedings yesterday against 875 officers and men removed from Axis vessels, and simultaneously the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened investigations into the sabotage on the Italian ships with a view to prosecutions. It is believed that the result of the deporta- tion proceedings will be that the crews will be interned for the duration of the war. At Portland (Oregon) 52 officers and men of the Italian motor-ship Leave were charged with sabotage. . At Washington the Treasury announced that the masters of all seized Danish vessels, with six Danish seamen, are being left aboard their ships. As a matter of courtesy a number of seamen were permitted to remain aboard. The remaining Danish seamen are being handed over to the immigration authorities. It was indicated that they would receive preferential treatment compared with the Italian and German seamen. A spokesman at the Danish Legation in Washington said that no protest would be made against the seizure of the Danish ships, four of which were taken over in the Philippines. He said that the Danish sailors felt hurt at being associated in the public mind with seal men who had sabotaged their ships. No Danish sailors had harmed their ships. It should be remembered that 5,000 j Danish seamen were sailing for Britain. HUNGER STRIKE At Boston 43 German and Italian sea- men began a non-sleep and hunger strike pending action by the immigra- tion authorities. They refused to go to bed on Sunday night, and would not eat their breakfast yesterday. At Punta Arenas, Costa Rica (Central America), yesterday the crews set fire to the German freighter Eisenach (4,323 tons) and the Italian freighter Fella (0,072 tons). Explosions occurred as police boarded the ships to prevent sabotage. Twenty Italian and German members of the crews were charged with committing sabotage. To-day the ships were still burning, and are a total loss. The authorities removed 53 Italian and 48 German prisoners from a train outside the capital and rushed them in secret to prison to avoid anti-Axis demonstrations. Tile French freighter Pte D Ouessant left New York yesterday for a destination announced as Norfolk (Virginia), but instead dropped anchor off Staten Island. 