PROTESTS AT U.S. ACTION 70 Ships Now In Custody FRENCH VESSELS MAY BE SEIZED Australian Associated Press And "The Advertiser" Special Representative WASHINGTON, March 31. Germany and Italy formally protested today against the seizure by the United States authorities of German and Ita- lian ships tied up in American ports. There were indications from President :C i Roosevelt and the Secretary of State ,t ! (Mr. Hull) that the protests will beic ; firmly rejected. |i i President Roosevelt indicated that he.t 'had personally ordered the seizure ofi 1 Axis shipping. Asked whether the ac- f tion had brought America nearer to in- < i volvement in war. Mr. Hull declared that E the Government was foUowing its for-n 1 mula of all aid to Britain and similarly! t i situated countries. c Tlie Danish Legation said that it je would not protest against the seizure or ? t the Danish ships. An attache said:—!js ?'The Danish sailors feel very hurt that c I they are associated in the mind of the;i public with the sailors who sabotaged it i their ships. No Danish sailors have I" i harmed their ships. It must be remem- ] bered that 5.000 Danish sailors are now;j sailing for Britain." I j The Treasury issued a statement to-|' ? day showing that 70 ships, aggregating i 1320.000 tons, have been seized. Tfaeyli i consist of 28 Italian, two German and ; 1 '36 Danish vessels, which were taken v !into custody by the Coast Guard, the!l iArmy and the Navy in ports in the!< i United States and the Panama Canal ji I Zone, and four Danish ships, which were i i taken over by the navy in Philippines i! waters. j! ; Ships Set On Fire : i The sabotage plot, which had already i! 1 resulted in damage to 20 Italian ships, !f \- spread to Central America today, when j ? the crews set fire to one German andii ione Italian ship in Costa Rica. The:. ! official version of this occurrence says! j 40 armed police led by Colonel' j Manuel Rodriguez were about to go on! ( board to take precautions against sabo- \ t ! tage when an explosion occurred on the j j i German freighter Eisenach and the re- [? ! suiting fire rapidly enveloped title ship.;. ! which is now regarded as a total loss L ! A fire also broke out on the Italian yes ? sel Fella, but strenuous efforts are being, >made to bring it under control. One: | hundred and twenty sailors were de-j 'tamed on charges of commiting sabo-i| i tage. i , In Havana the Cuban Navy seized j the Italian freighter Hecca, after which i , ?several small bombs exploded at tiie : jhome of the Minister or State (Senor . I Jose M. Cortina), who said that ttaeyjj j were undoubtedly connected with the ? ? seizure of the ship. He expressed tbeh opinion that the local Spanish Falange, i was involved. !s ! The United States Department or > 'Justice today began deportation i i proceedings against 875 officers and !men removed from the Axis ves-ji isels. and simultaneously the Pede-!j ral Bureau of Investigation opened'; an investigation into the sabotage on;' Italian craft with a view to prosecu-li tions. It is believed that the result of ii the deportation proceedings will be that j < the crews will be interned for the dura- j tion of the war. !i '. Watch On French Ships ; A high Treasun' official revealed to-:1 ;day that the United States had placed ; 119 French merchantmen, including the ; INormandie. -under surveillance." This: iis interpreted as being the forerunner ' to the seizure of these vessels, which ; are tied up in six United States ports.; : The official said that the vessels were . !being watched by the coastguard and;' iport authorities. He added that no iadditional seizures were planned for: the next 24 hours—presumably until, (President Roosevelt returns. The French freighter lie de Ouessant ! (6.187 tons) sailed from New York to day for a destination announced as! Norfolk. Virginia, but instead she; dropped anchor off Staten Island amid, rising speculation as to whetber the! Government planned some action;] I against French ships. :: No explanation was available, but! French line officials said that they; I were not concerned at the interruption : jof the voyage and were confident that j the ship would get a clearance to take:: I a cargo of food and fuel to Martinique.;? j At Boston 43 German and Italian i manners began a non-sleep and hunger strike today while they await Immigra-.' tion Service action on their status. ? after the seizure of their ships. The:' ! District Director of Immigration (Mr j1 I John Mulcahey) said that 16 Germans;1 ! and 27 Italians refused to go to bed last ? {night, and would not eat breakfast to day. ' : The New York "Sun" declares that; ; whatever the legal basis for the seizure. the practical implication is plain. The! :' seized ships will indirectly play a part j in the battle of. the Atlantic, and will ! probably replace American merchant imen, of which ten are about to be . i transferred to Britain. : Referring to the damage to Italian! ships, a Coast Guard official declared that the Italians did a "stupid job."; ;He pointed out that while the i machinery had been badly smashed it 1 would be comparatively easy for. machinists to repair because the broken i parts were left in large pieces. i | CALLAO <Peru), April I^-AAP.-! ? i The German steamef£ Leipzig and ? Monserrate. loaded with cotton, tried to i escape from the outer anchorage to-. I day, but the cruiser Colonel Bolognes \- frustrated the attempt, forcing theml Ito return to port. The German crew| I thereupon set fire to the ships, which; -continued to burn all night. : 