FRENCH SHIPS UNDER U.S. 'SURVEILLANCE' NEW YO|IK, April 1.— A High Treasury official has ravfedle'd that the Administration has. placed 19 French merchantmen, ?'- :ludinq the Normandie (83;423 tons) under. .''surveillance.'.' . This action is interpreted; as a forerunner' of the seizure' of these /easels, 'which are tied up ; in six LJnited States ports. The official idded ; that no additional seizures were., planned for. the next 24 hours — presumably until President Roosevelt .returns to Washington^ , Germany arid Italy have formally protested against the seizure., of the Gernia'iv and Italian ships. ?'? There- are indications that the President and the. Secretary for State : (Mr.'' Hull) will firmly reject the protests. :i The Justice Department-has begun deportation' proceedings against ' 875 officers 'and men. removed, from Axis vessels. .Simultaneously,' the'-.Federal Bureau of Investigation has opened an investigation into the sabotage on the Ttnlism p.rnfl \vH.h h vipw to launch Ing' prosecutions. It is believed, that as a. result of deportation proceedings the 'crews will b-s' interned for. the duration jof. the ' war. . ' ' . The banish Legation .said ? it , would not protest against - the seizure' of the 39 -Danish ships. The naval attache said: 'The .Danish - sailors' leel- , very hurt:; that' they are associated in, the mind : of the pijblic- with.. sailors-. who sabotaged their ships: No . Danish sailors have harmed their .ships. It must-be remembered that 5000 Danish sailors are now sailing for Britain.'. . '. The Treasury Department announced that the' masters of all 4the seized Dan ish, vessels, plus :- a maximum- of- .six Danish seamen, are being left aboard their ;ships » as a. matter of courtesy. The ', rest- of tlie .Danish' 'seanien are being turned over to the immigration authorities: They will receive prefer ential: 'treatment ' compared 'with ' 'the Italian and German, seamen, - ? . ? The' general belief' is that it; is. -only a- matter' of time before the Axis and Danish : ships will sail with goods, for Britain. , ? '?? ?The New York Daily News expects the speedy ' transfer of : the ships . to Britain. It.says that President Roose velt ^is likely to proclaim a state of emergency, under which he will.-be em powered -to use the ships- in aiiy 'way desired. ?? ? ..,....,.,..; - Bombs on Italian Ship: Naval officers at Havana ' (Cuba) seized the Italian freighter, Recca, after which several small bombs ex ploded. The Home Minister - (Mr. Josem Cortina), who said that the bombs undoubtedly were connectec with the seizure of the ship, suggested that the local Spanish Falange were involved. At Portland (Oregon) 52 officers and men of the Italian niotorship Leme were arraigned before a United States Commissioner on a charge of sabotaging the vessel. The crew were released on 7500 dollars (£1875) each. The bond for. the captain, Giovanni Polonio, and five other officers was 10,000 dollars -£2500) each. The de fendants were held in custody as bonds were not forthcoming. (Earlier Reports— rage 5} 