Glimpses Of Catholic Mission Life — y qy y ys/vyvyvry vur-y^iy yvvvyyyvwK'Viiy'yV'ii1 W^p^r yr y y y wgy m- n- yy fWtf United States' Protectorate Over Greenland Recalls Work of Early Missionaries The United States Government's agree ment with the Danish minister at Wash ington, Henrik de Kauffman, 'on behalf of the King of Denmark,' placing Green land, a dependency of Denmark, under the protection of ? the United States, 'until it is agreed that the present dan gers to the peace and' security . of the American continent has passed,' recalls the early history of Greenland and the part played by the Church in colonising this desolate northern island as early as the tenth century. Students point out that Irish navigators and missionaries probably visited Green land In the eighth century, and Chris tianity was known among the first Euro pean settlers who went there from Ice land toward the close of the tenth cen tury. Both Iceland and Greenland officially accepted Christianity in about the year 1000 after Norway's missionary king, St. Olaf, had requested Leif Ericsson to aid in obtaining the conversion of the settlers in Greenland and had sent a priest with him on a voyage from Norway. First Resident Bishop. Greenland had Its first resident Bishop in 1112, and the' first Arctic expedition set out from Greendland under the leader ship of Catholic priests. Communication with Europe at length ceased and Chris tian influence In this remote outpost waned many years before Columbus dis covered America. The history of Greenland goes back to the end of the tenth century, although it is probable that the island was visited much earlier, by Irish navigators and missionaries, who are known to have discovered Iceland and to have had settlements there before 795. The tra dition of these early voyages to Green land was probably preserved in the story, current in Iceland in the tenth century, that one, Gunnbjorn, whose ship had been driven westward, had touched a new land, which the Icelanders called Gunubjorn's reef. ' lln about the year 986, Eric Thorwalds son, usually 'known as Eric the Red, a Norwegian immigrant living in Iceland, \- set out with 25 ships to colonise Green land. Rounding the southern coast of Greenland, called Cape Farewell, Eric and his followers established two settle ments, ? one 40 to 50 miles northwest of Cape Farewell and the other about 200 miles farther north. These settle ments, along the rocky coastline in the deep fjords that run back into the land, are indicated to-day in the two adminis trative districts into which Greenland is divided. „ Although these first settlers in Green land were probably largely pagan, Chris tianity cannot have been unknown to them, and in the summer of 999, Leif, the son of Eric the Red, made a journey to Norway and passed the following winter at the court of St. Olaf, Norway's mis sionary king. King Olaf took a liking to the young Greenlander and asked him to undertake the conversion of the Green land colony. According to the early chronicles, the king found 'a priest and other learned men' who were willing to undertjalce the long journey, and Leif set sail for the west. 'The population of Greenland in the middle ages,' writes Dr. Laurence M. Larson, of the University of Illinois, in the Catholic Historical Review, 'can scarcely have counted more than 3,000 Inhabitants at any time. In an old des cription of the country, the West Settle ment is credited with 90 homesteads and the East Settlement with 190. The churohes were relatively, numerous; twelve in the larger settlement and four in the smaller. The parishes were heces sarily small, as the absence of roads and the severity of the weather in winter would not permit long journeys to ehui'ch,' According to Dr. Larson there were two monastic establishments in the colony, 'a great, monastery dwelt in by regular canons,' and 'a cloister of nuns ol! Saint Benedict's order.' The colony was organised as a diocese with the Cathedral at Gnrdar, a place but lately identified. 'Gardar,' writes Dr. Larson, 'was located on the south side of a low, narrow isthmus in the Igaliko region, near an inlet anciently known as Einarsfirth. The soil here is relatively fertile, and the large number of ruins would indicate that this region was the real centre of the East Settlement. The walls of the church at Gardar have been traced and show that it was built on the plan of & cross; it seems to have been the only cruciform church in Greenland. Its total length measured on the inside, was about 74 feet. The nave was 26 feet wide and the choir somewhat narrower. The transepts, extending only four feet beyond the walls of the nave, were quite small. There was no projecting apse.' Early Vicissitudes. One of the greatest problems con fronting the Church authorities in Green land, according to Dr. Larson, was the obtaining of materials necessary for sacramental purposes, oil for the chrism and bread and wine for the Eucharist, as grain does not grow in Greenland and oil was then scarce. There was also a lack of cloth and iron. The church suf fered from a lack of priests and other church officials. 'For nearly three hundred years,' writes Dr. Larson, 'Greenland was a re public. Every year toward the close of July the important men of the two settle ments gathered in the all-moot at Gar dar to discuss and determine colonial affairs. Except for a brief period early in the tenth century, when some shadowy form of independence on the Norwegian crown seems to liava been recognised, Greenland was absolutely in dependent. But in the thirteenth century the political freedom of the colony was surrendered.' The decline of this early Catholic colony in Greenland followed its sub mission to Norway in 1261, partly due to the trade monopoly which the ? Nor wegian king insisted upon and which discouraged additional merchants and settlers from undertaking to develop the colony further. Other causes of the doc line were the troubled times in Scandi navia and Europe following the Blank Death and the formation of ice masstos off the shore of Greenland, which made communication with Europe difficult. Succession of Bishops. But for centuries a prosperous trade was maintained between the colonists in Greenland and Europe. Successive Bishops were appointed to the See of Gardar, and in 1266, under the guidance of Catholic priests, the first Arctic ex pedition was undertaken from the settle ments in Greenland, at which time the sources make the first mention of a native population, the Slcraelings or Eski mos, who occupied the northwest and west coasts. The settlers in Greenland received no reinforcements and either perished or, by intermarriage, were assimilated by the pagan Eskimos. European manners and religion thus gave way and Greenland receded Into the darkness. What, seems to be the last news from the colony is contained In a letter of Pope Alexander VI., -written in 1492, in which the' Pope states that 'no vessel has touched there (Greenland), during the past eighty years,' and 'no memory of the Chris tian religion is found except a corporal, which Is shown, to the people once n year, and on which, it is said, the last priest who officiated there consecrated the body of Christ a hundred years ago.' Thus ended the Catholic history of Greenland. In the course of the search for a northwest passage the island was rediscovered by the English and there after it was occasionally sighted by wha lers. But it was not until 200 years later, in 1721, that the foundation of Danish Greenland was laid through the appointment by the King ol' Denmark ot J-Ians Egede, a Lutheran, as a mission ary. Egede had conceived the idea of visiting his forlorn countrymen who had lapsed into paganism and of preaching the Gospel to them. After many hard- ' ships he reached Greenland, but soon discovered that no descendants of the ancient colonists remained, and that, his whole duty would consist in converting the Eskimos, Mission Work Stiapendod. To-day, like the adjacent Islands, Greenland is subject to the jurisdiction of the vicar apostolic of Copenhagen, but all missionary activity in the island has been suspended. The population of Greenland is about 17,000, all of whom are Eskimos with the exception of a few hundred Danes. The Island has an area of, about 736,518 square miles, ' of which only 31,384 are ice free. Human habitation, as in the days of the old Catholic colonists, is possible only along the rim of the open coast land. The industries to-day, as formerly, are mainly ccJnfined to fishing and hunting. These industries are now almost ex clusively in the hands of the natives. The only mineral product of importance is cryolite, used in the manufacture of aluminum. Greenland yields the lar gest output in the world of this product, and the mines are under the -control of an American company operating under license. Greenland is unique in several respects. It is the largest known island, after the island continent of Australia, the most northerly land of the earth, the only ice capped region occupied by man, and it has perhaps the northernmost settle ment of the world. From the standpoint of the history of civilisation it is re markable that this remote and forbidding land was the scene of a flourishing Catholic settlement early in the eleventh century. 