THE WAR AT SEA Continued With Ever Increasing Vigour LONDON, April 8.' , An Admiralty communique states: "Our offensive against U-boats con tinues with ever-increasing vigour. As has been pointed out, the fluctuations in the success of our anti-U-boat cam paign and in merchant ship losses which we sustained must be expected. The number of U-boats operating has lately been large and our counter measures have recently met with cor respondingly greater success. In anti U-boat warfare it is frequently impos sible to save lives and we have a record of many U-boats that have been de stroyed and from which no prisoners were recovered. Nevertheless, we have in our hands as prisoners of war from U-boatB which have been sunk more than 60 German officers and consider ably more than 400 German petty of ficers and men. There are also in our hands a number of prisoners of war from Italian U-boats. Among the German U-boat captains who are prisoners of war is Commander Otto Kretschmer, captain of No. 799. He was regarded in Germany as one of the most notable and successful U bnat commanders In August, 1040, he v. as decorated with the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Last December Herr Hitler bestowed on him an oak leaf denoting a higher cross of this decoration. He recently received special promotion." SHIPPING LOSSES. I The Admiralty announces that mer chant ships lost by enemy action dur ing the week ended midnight on March 30, numbered 20, totalling 77,000 tons. The number consisted of 13 British ships of 58,000 tons, five Allied vessels of 15,000 tons, and two neutral ships of 3700 tons. Germany claimed to have sunk during this week 187,000 tons, and Italy 12,000 tons. It is also announced that 6hips which were overdue during the week ending March 16 must now be regarded as lost. J The losses during that week have thus! been increased from 20 vessels of 76,000 tons to 27 of 107,000 tons. Allied losses were increased from six vessels of 17,000 tons to nine vessels of 37,000 tens. Although the latest figures do not show any outstanding corrections in the total losses they do express the vital importance of the battle of the Atlantic which goes on night and day. The figures for March do not affect the belief in naval circles that Britain eventually will win the battle of the Atlantic. , HUNGARY AND EIRE. The Ministry for Economic Warfare announces that Britain must regard Hungary as an enemy destination for contraband purposes. Navicerts also were required for all goods shipped to Eire as from Aprjl 1. This applies even if the goods are transhipped in the United Kingdom or are on vessels sail ing direct to Eire from neutral ports. Navicerts would be required. They would be issued under the usual condi - tiens. AID PROGRAMME MATTERS. WASHINGTON, April 8. The Secretary of the Navy (Colonel Knox) announced today that Mr For rettal, Under-Secretary for the Navy, would leave for England to establish a close liaison between the Navy Depart ment and the British Admiralty on matters arising from the aid pro gramme. Efforts were being made as rapidly as possible to establish suit able uniformity in naval equipment. The. purpose was to expedite the pur chases of materials and ' repairs for warships. There is considerable speculation on Mv Forrestal's London assignment in view of recurrent reports that steps are being formulated to relieve part of the strain on British shipping, possibly by some form of United States naval as sistance. Navy officials said that one of the chief objectives of Mr Forrestal's mis sion would be to see whether some method could be. found by which the British could use more American naval weapons and other equipment not now standard in the British navy. In short, they said, Mr Forrestal's mission was to endeavour to untie knots resulting from differences in British and Ameri can armaments. DANISH SHIPS IN U.S. PORTS. President Roosevelt said he intended to ask Congress for specific authority to take over 39 Danish ships seized in United States ports. He said that the agreement under which Danish ships would be taken over had the acqui escence of the Danish Minister (Mr de Kauffman). He said that a request would be sent to the Congress on Thursday. The United States could seize Axis ships without ceremony if it were at war. After a lengthy pause, | the President added slowly: "But the! United States is not at war." ' The President said he believed that the action against Axis ships could be based on the World War Espionage Act, providing the forfeit of any foreign! ships sabotaged and endangering United States shipping. MEXICO TO SEIZE REFUGEE SHIPS. MEXICO CITY, April 8. It is officially announced that Mexico had notified Germany and Italy that Mexico was seizing refugee ships in Mexican ports for commercial use. It is officially explained that the seizure of 12 ships has been forced by the disruption of neutral shipping and the danger of sabotage. LONDON, April 9. The Admiralty announces that His Majesty's trawkrs, Lord Selborne and Craymondisland have been sunk. BRITISH SUBMARINE SUCCESSES. LONDON, April 10. The Admiralty announced last night that a British submarine in the Cen tral Mediterranean had carried out a successful attack on a southward bound convoy of heavily laden transports and supply ships. A Bhip of about 12,000 tons was hit by two torpedoes and a ship of about 6000 tons was hit bv another. MATAPAN BATTLE. Th» a A . i. April 12. ?t * Admiralty announces the names of two officers and one petty officer m!®87l£ from the aircraft carrier For midable. The communique states that these casualties comprise the pilot, ob server, and air gunner of an Alba type aircraft which did not return from a torpedo-bombing attack on the Italian fleet on March 28. These are the only British naval .'asiulties HI,Gained in the battle of Cape Matapuc " . LONDON, April 13. The Chairman of the Cunard Steam ship Co. Ltd (Sir Percy Bates), in a statement accompanying the 1939 ac counts of the Cunard Company, stated: Sea, traffic staffs have lost 11 officers killed and one taken prisoner in the naval service and 60.killed when a ship sank. Three hundred and twenty-four members of crews, of whom 194 were Lascars, have been killed by mines, tor pedoes, bombs, gunfire, or explosions. Against this background of devoted en durance and courage I wish to place on record the fact that not a single ship of any of our companies has been de layed through shortage of crew. "I think the time has come for me to be more particular on the financial performance of the Queen Mary. She was successful, from the start and; brought new economv in trans-Atlantic] transportation. Since 1912, when the full effects of the United States im migration laws was first felt no steamer has ever made so much money and success in 12 months as the Queen Mary since she first was commissioned.! Her performance was most remarkable. aB until the outbreak of the war she was confronted in her class with the fiercest competition." RATAVIA, April 13. The Government is closely watching the Allied shipping losses with a view, if necessary, to diverting a further por tion of its large mercantile marine to carry supplies to Britain. Some ships are still being used in non-war service and, if necessary, they will be assigned to war duties. Negotiations are still continuing for portion of the K.L.M. air fleet to be diverted to carrying troops' mail from Egypt for Singapore. Already the K.L.M. is carrying express mail which the Imperial Airways can not lift from Lvdda. 