NAVY TAKES DANE SHIPS HERE Three Maersk Ships In Manila Bay, One In Cebu, Taken Over By Navy Adiog For U.S. Coast Guard Timing its action with that of the authorities in the Unit ed States, the United State Navy yesterday afternoon took over three Danish mer chantmen which have been ly ing in Manila Ba' since the in tensification of the European »\0hr in the summ of 1940. An announcement by Admi ral Thomas Hart, commander- in-chief of the U. S. Asiatic Fleet, stated that the navy, act ing in place of the coast guard, took the Danish ships- iir Mani la Bay "into protective custo dy to prevent possible sabotage by the crews." ' v . Informed cfroies revealed that from 15 to 20 navy men have been placed as guards on each oftht! three vessels in Ma nila Bay — the m. s. Gertrude >I«ersk, Greta Maersk and Hil da Maersk. It was reported that a Navy patrol bomber took off yesterday tor Cebu, carrying a crew to be placed aboard the Maerchen Ma ersk. the fourth Danish ship in Philippine waters. No information was available as to the disposition to be made of the crews of the four ships It was presumed that they would not be permitted to remain aboard the vessels, and it was suggested that while ashore they would come under the jurisdiction of the bureau of immigration. Bureau officials said last night, however, that up to late yesterday afternoon they had not been in formed o>'the navy's action. Continuedon page 11) MAERSK SHIPS HERE SEIZED (Continued from page 1) The Gertrude Maersk, 4,097 tons, arrived in Manila from Shanghai on June 18, 1940; the Greta Maersk, 3,390 tons, from Baltimore on July 20; and t.he Hilda Maersk, 4,010 tons, from Boston on July 28. Before the navy's action was announced it had been reported without confirmation that nego tiations for the transfer of these vessels to local ownerships had finally been concluded. It will be recalled that a pro posal by local capital for the pur chase of these ships had prev iously been turned down by. the state department at Washington on the ground that the United States government did not deeire to dispose of this question piece meal, and was considering it as. a whole, to include all Danish ships in American ports, as well as all other vessels, neutral or belliger ent. Mr. Frank M. Chalmers, head of the shipping department of the Compania General de Tabacos de Filipinas, agents for the Maersk Lines in the Philippines, night said that he had had no information of the navy's action. 