ABOUT PEOPLE SOCIAL I :| ifr-AAj&AA-A-AAAA; A -?».. -♦, .♦. .?». ?♦? ??». ??». .♦? ??*?. .?*. ?♦. ?♦. .*. AAAAAAAAtiV PERSONAL [?] Seiigt. J. Blackmail, of Cootamundra police, and formerly of Albury, lias been advised that his son, Pte. John Edward ('Jack') Blackmail, who has only just turned IS, has been wounded in action. He was previously wounded during the first week last April in the capture of Benghazi. .Friends of Mrs. F. Llewlyn, Carns ilale Park, who is an inmate of Corbwa Hospital, will be pleased to hear she is now improving in health. A very pleasant evening1 was en joyed at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Farrah, Dean- street, Albury, when ?about 40 young friends were enter tained at a' sherry party to wish Miss Madge 'Waller good luck on her approaching marriage to Mr. W. Cav ili, of Sydney. She will be married in -Sydney on August 2. Mr. Clyde Dalton, junior clerk at Albury C.P.S. office, has been notified of his transfer to Sydney. Mr. C. J. Dinneen, manager of the North Albury butter factory, who re cently underwent a. serious operation in Sydney, is slightly improved. The Corowa War Service Social Committee tendered a public farewell i:o Driver' Ji. 0. Mclnnes, son of Mr. anil Mrs. Hector Mcliines, of Corowa, at the Catholic Club roams, The even ing took the form of dancing1, musical items, etc. In -the absence of the ?president (Aid. .J.-. H. N. Chivell), Mr. Euddell .made the usual presentation on behalf of the committee, also a tin of 50 cigarettes on behalf of Mr. Don Wright. Sister McDonald lias returned from holidays in Sydney, and has resumed duty at the Albury Health Centre. The C.P.S. at Albury (Mr. H.J isles) lias been advised of his transfer to the leaving staff of the Justices' Depart ment. His headquarters will be at .Sydney. Mr. Isles' place at Albury will be filled by Mr. G. Hook,- from Cowra. The Roy. R. C. Kiissell lias, been oppointed to the board of directors of Cootaniundra District Hospital in place of Mr. F. C. Roberts, who has resigned. A new member of Leeton District Hospital Board is Mr. H. J. Williams, who takes the. pluco of Mr. J. P. JMcMahon, resigned. '.:. A farewell was; tendered Mr. Fred Hollister by the staff of J. Mann and j Son at Wodonga. Mr. Hollister, who has been on the staff of the firm for the past 16. years, has accepted a position, at Drouin. During thp- even ing Messrs. E. B. Mann, J.JBcusou,' L'. frtiff, H- Thornley, L. Nicholls -.and McMulliu expressed their regret at the departure of Mr. Hollister. On behalf o'f the firm and staff, Mr. E. B. Mann ' presented Mr. ami Mrs. Hollister with | ii silver bread container and silver | sandwich tray, and to Master Gordon JLollister a fountain pi'n. Sii'fjper was j served by women members of the Siaif. Mrs. D. N. McMillan, 'Wanta- goug', ' and her small daughter, Wendy, will return from Melbourne at 'the end of this week. « Mrs. K. D. Watson, of 'Korilloau,' Wodonga, received word last Sunday of the death,, following an accident, of her father, Mr. Austin. She left immediately for Skipton. Mr. Keith Collins, who lias been led,»'cr-kcepcr at tjio Wangaratta branch of the Commercial Bank for the past two and a half years, lias received notice of his transfer to the relieving staff, and will leave for Mel bourne about the end of this month. Miss Una Spink has joined the staff of the Commercial Bank at Wanga ratta. v Mr. Fred Ellis, who for two years has been stationed at the Griffith branch of Dalgety and Co., lias been transferred to the Albury office. Mr. Duncan Brown, who nine years ago was on the Albury staff of the Commercial Banking Company of Syd ney, has again been sent to Albury in the service of the Jjaiik. Mr. and Mrs. Schulz, 'Western- dale,' Jiudcra, have purchased a homo in Albury, and will shortly take up residence. Mr. Laurie Turner, of Mate's Ltd., has been called up for service with the R.A.A.F.. Mrs. Prentice, wife of the Rev; A. Prentice, The Rock, another of Miss Joy Prentice, of Albury, is an inmato of a private hospital in Wagga. Mr. and Mrs. H. Dolloro, Coiowa, are receiving congratulations on the j birth of a sou. ; Mrs. R, Jarrett, Wahgunyah, is an inmate of the Corowa Hospital, where she was operated on for appendicitis. Her conditio'u is satisfactory. Miss Marjorie McDougall, Wanga ratta, is staying with Mrs. Bromfield, Swift- street, Alhury. Dvr. II. H. J. Potter, of Bathurst camp, was home in Chillern on leave, when he was tendered u public fare well last Monday night. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Eraser, .Corowa, are receiving congratulations on. the birth' of a son. Mrs. j; T. MeGrath, of tho George Hotel, Albury, who was a patient at Mt. St. Evin's Hospital, Melbourne, for a .month, is now convalescing -at her seaside home,'' Moresby,' Carrum, and her many friends will be ' pleased to know that she is' steadily regain ing her health. Mr. Arthur Cann, brother of Mrs. Cyril Hughes and Mrs. D. Wise, of Wodouga, is making satisfactory pro gress in the Eye and Ear Hospital, Melbourne, where ho underwent a second operation recently. 'Mr. Bob* Whitelaw, Benalla, spent the week-end with his - parents at the Union Bank, Albury. Mrs. Victor Day has returned 'to Albury, after spending a few weeks at Unlcy Park, Adelaide. ? ? Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Perry have re turned to Biralce after a 'holiday in Melbourne. Mr. A. A. Rogers, manager of the Tanners and Graziers' Co-op. Co., Albury, this week atended the annual conference of the Wool Selling Brok ers of Australia. Last Friday Mr. Rogers represented the Albury wool brokers at a conference in Melbourne of the Victorian members of the National Council of Wool Selling Brokers, . . ? Mr. D. 0 'Briou, son of Mr. and Mrs. P. O'Brien, Corowa, who met with on accident at General Motors, Melbourne, has recovered. Mr. and Mrs. Eric Mack, Jones street, Albury, spent ?% the week-end with friends at Becchworth. . Mrs. W. A. Chamberlin will return from Holbrook at the end of the week. Mrs. II. Bonnet, Norfolk-street, Albury, and her daughter, Joan, are holidaying in Sydney. 1 Mrs. Williams, Melbourne, is staying with her sister, Mrs.- Egaij, at the Hotel Brocklesby. Mr. A. Dalgleish, of Wodonga, who was taken suddenly ill whilst on a camping holiday, is making satisfac tory progress in Murray Valley House, following an operation for appendici tis. The many friends of Mr. Arthur Barrat, of Mirrool-street, Coolamon, who is a 'patient in the Wagg'a Base Hospital, .will be pleased to know he is showing a little improvement. All } ivish him a speedy recovery. i The Governor, Lord Wakehurst, and Lady Wakehurst have accepted an in- j vitation from' the Grafton and South Grafton festivals committee to visit Grafton for the jacaranda festival, which will be held from October 26 to November 1. Earlier in the year, when an invasion of the United Kingdom seemed inuniri ent, the executive of the Farmers and Settlers' Association, on behalf of the I farmers of New South Wales, sent a message to the National Farmers' Union of England expressing to the British people admiration for their courage during- the present crisis. Tho general secretary of the National Farmers' Union (Mr. Cleveland' JTyfe) has replied to the general secretary of the F.S.A. (Mr. .W. C. Cambridge, M.L.C.) thanking tho association for its message, 'which he said tho veople in England very greatly appreciated. All possible publicity had been given in England to the New South Wales farmers' message. Charming in traditional Dutch cos% tume, four-year-old Nina Mae Streur welcomed Prince Bernard and Princess Juliana ' of the . Netherlands on ''their arrival in Michigan (U.S.). Princess Juliana received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree at Michigan Uni versity. Queens Elizabeth, of England, to gether with 'Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret Rose, recently posed, for S,gt. Pilot Arthur Bonnet,' of Goulburn, while he photographed them. The ser geant says it was a marvellous experi ence, and that 'the Queen was lovely. She shook hands and asked me all the questions in creation. When I told Her Majesty not to worry as. we had the war 'in' the bag,' she laughed most heartily. When I was taken along to be presented, the Queen and the Prin cesses were playing croquet on the lawn, and the meeting that followed was- delightfully informal. I am un able to tell you when or where I met Her Majesty and her ©harming daugh ters, but you can' tell everyone that they are wonderful people. I took j two reels while the Queen and her I daughters stood in a group, -and when I send them home I will forward them by registered, anaiJ.,' Mr. Cliff Southwell, of tho Bank of New South Wales, Braidwood, took up duties in the Wagga branch on Satur .day. Mr. Southwell is a son. of Mr. W. S. Southwell, of Junee. There was a very large and repre sentative gathering of bankers, friends and '' representatives of St. Thomas ' Church, Narandera, to say farewell to Mr. Greg. Bushell, who has been called up for training in the E.A.A.F., and to make him presentations prior to his departure. Mr. G. Taylor (manager of the Commonwealth' Bank) presided, and there, were many speakers, includ ing Bishop liaise, Emeritus Archdeacon Rowling and representatives of the various banks. A number of presenta tions were made. ' His Excellency the Governor Gene ral (Lord Gowrie) at Admiralty House, Sydney, .made the following presenta tions: —To Engineer-Commander Leo pold James Phillimore. Carr, Royal Australian Navy, tho Insignia of an Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire; Flying-Officer Charles Roy Ilackfath, Royal Austra lian Air Force, the Insignia of a Mem ber of the Mo;,* Excellent Order of the British Empire, and to Mr. Rich ard Thomas Edgar, the Imperial Ser vice Medal. Mr. J. S. Duncan, Official Secretory in London for the Commonwealth Go vernment, has ??: returned to Australia after an1 absence of three and a half years, for' consultations -with Federal authorities. Sir Evelyn and Lady Wrench have arrived in Sydney. -Sir Evelyn is the founder of tne English Speaking Union and the Overseas League. He is also director of the London ' Spectator. ' Sir Evelyn said -Australia would* havo to devise an immigration scheme in which the Scandinavian, Dutch, Swiss and Danish 'people might be interested. Britain could not assist for at -least 10 years after the war. Brian Monfries, of Sydney, a Y.M.C.A. representative with the A.I.F., who was -taken prisoner at Tobruk, and, is now in a war prisoners' camp in Italy, is continuing Y.M.C.A. service among fellow prisoners. Mr. William John McLaren 'Lang, aged 71 years, who, has died at Lid combe, was a direct descendant of Dr. John Dunmore ' Lang, and resided for many yea.rs near Lithgow. The Rev. Stephen Kessell has 'died after 51 years' ministerial work with the Primitive Methodist Church. Ho was secretary of the Primitive Metho dist conference in the. year before Methodist, Union. . Of, late years he re sided at Chatswood, Sydney.' The announcement of the resignation of Sir George Beeby. Chief Judge of the FedoraJ Arbitration Court, is ex nuetoii within 'a few days. Dr. Stephen ~L.' .Macinrloe, ' plani. breeder in the New South Wales Do- ? parlment of Agriculture, has returned to Sydney after having, done a course in scientific agriculture, and obtained a dagree of Doctor of Philosophy at tho University of Minnesota, U.S.A. Mr. S. Haviland, ? Assistant Under secretary for Loeal Government and Housing, has been appointed chairman of the committee to deal with the housing of munition workers. Two Junee bank managers are on annual leave— Mr. W. J. Taylor, of tho Commercial Bank, and Mr. R. Cant well,'- of the Union Bank. Mr. Pank hurst, of Sydney, is relieving tho latter. Mr. G. Whittalier, of Gunnedah, takes up duty in the Commonwealth Bank to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. A. Conigravo joining up with the R.A.A.F. Mr: Whittaker is a son of Mr. H. D. Whittaker, headmaster of tho Junee North Public School. ' Mr. ? E. Q. Stubbs, of Sydnoy, is relieving Mr. W. J. Taylor. ' . Visitors to Albiiry for' the races last Saturday included . Hears. Gorman, Yerong Creek (owner of Floator); Sid Loveridge, Corowa (owner of Brew: ster's Millions) j ' Hoysted, AVangaratta-; H. F. B. Grimiy Oootamundva (sti'pen. diary steward); .Mr. aiid Mrs. J. Cot terill (Mountain Creek), Mrs. F. Baze- ley (Mullengandra Station), Mi\ and Mrs. \V. Hoysted, Tallangatta (owner of'Pix); and Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Kon ne'dy, ' Wandic;bng,' .Urana. After having undergone a severe* operation in Melbourne, , and later stay ing with her son-in-law' and daughter, Mr. and Mrs, .Keith Drummond, lit Talgarno Park, Mrs. Charle'B Whito head has returned to her home, 'Tht- Ranch,' Upper Murray.' . Mr.. C. A. Bendor, district telephone office)1, wr-n last Monday admitted to membership of tho Wagga Rotary Club, ' ? Mr. Thomas Bagnall, who came from England, and spent several months with: her father, Mr. G. H. Roxburgh,. ? 'Lama Loma,' and sister, Miss' Madge' Roxburgh, has left for Sydney, on. route for New Zealand.' - Norman Qarroll (The Rock) ? and Kenneth Leo Tot (Albury) have been appointed to Henty post offico staff as messenger boys, 