AMERICA SEIZES ENEMY SHIPS Vast Sabotage Plot AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS WASHINGTON, Sunday. All Italian and German ships m American ports were seized to-day by the U.S. Government after discovery of a plot to scuttle or damage the Italian vessels. Coastguards have taken into custody 1600 sailors and seized 28 Italian and two German ships, totalling 160,000 tons. They also took possession of 36 Danish ships long tied up in American ports. Investigation showed that five Italian ships had ap parently been prepared for scuttling at their piers and 20 had been disabled by their crews. Many had their machinery severely damaged, and combustible material had been placed in position to burn the ships. After guards had been placed on board and inspection had been made, it was officially announced that the United States had taken possession of the vessels. Action was taken when reports had been received from Baltimore and Wilmington that the crews of Ital ian ships there were destroying the machinery. At Newark (New Jersey), across the harbor from New York, the coast-i guard boarded five ships, and found that the engines of all had been sev erely damaged, apparently with acety lene torches. Inflammable materials had been strategically placed to en able the ships to be fired at a mo ment's notice. In some cases, fires had been started under dry boilers in or der to wreck them. The crews were sent to the immi grant depot on Ellis Island. At Portland (Oregon), 55 coast guards, armed with sub-machine guns, boarded the Italian motorshlp Leme (8124 tons), and found that the en gines, generators, and gears had been smashed with sledge-hammers. The engine-room had been wrecked and the wiring had been cut on the bridge. Warship Acts At Panama At Cristobal (Panama Canal Zone), four iorry-loaas or American soldiers and sailors boarded, the Conte Blan- camano (23,255 tons), while a United States destroyer stood by alongside. The crew were taken ashore, while the ship's officers conferred with American army and navy officials on the bridge. Canal Zone authorities then issued a statement, saying; "On instructions from Washington, the Conte Blan- camano has been taken over by mili tary and naval guards." Coastguards at Boston were ordered to place guards aboard two German cargo vessels there. - ti The seizures were carried out with out resistance except at Jackson ville (Florida), where coastguards said that "some little trouble" oc curred in taking the Ircanla and Confldenza. The orders for seizure were given by the Treasury Department to the coastguard service, under the Mer chant Ship Control Act, to seize all Italian vessels. The Act was designed to protect U.S ports, and it Is being put into effect to prevent the ports being ham pered by sinkings or endangered by fire. For this reason, persons guilty of sabotage are liable to be charged and tried before the Federal Courts. In South American ports there are 56 Italian. 40 German and 50 neutral ships! Forty Danish merchant ships are idle in United States ports. In De cember the suggestion was made that these vessels should be transferred to Britain. As far as can be gathered in Syd ney, few if any Norwegian, Belgian, Dutch or Swedish vessels have been idle for any length of time in Ame rica. 