SHIPS Checking Sabotage unday. - United States coast iguards have "seized and possessed" 65 Italian, German and Danish merchant ships tied up in American Atlantic and Pacific ports. They total 300,000 tons. The reason for the seizure is not yet officially explained, but autfforitative circles say the ships are for transfer to Britain. The ships' legal status is obscure. The seizure was carried out under in structions from the Treasury "to prevent further damage at the hands of Italian seamen." The Treasury's instructions were is sued after reports had been made that Italian crews at a number of ports were destroying their ships' machinery as part of a general movement to sabo tage all Italian ships in United States ports. 'The seizure was carried out under the Mbrchant Shipping Control Act, and it was stated that protection of the ports was foremost in mind. Included among the ships was the Italian 23.255-ton vessel Conte Bianca mona, lying at Balboa, at the Pacific entrance to the Panama Canal. DANISH SHIPS There were 28 Italian and two Ger man ships in the earlier accounts, and later the coastguards announced the seizure of 35 Danish ships. Rear-Admiral Russel Waesche, commandant of the coastguard, said the Danish ships were protectively taken in custody because of the fear of possible sabotage "by others than the crews." However, he said, there was no evi dence of sabotage or attempted sabo tage on any Danish ship. Asked whether the Danish ships were in custody preparatory to con flscation, he replied negatively. It is authoritatively stated that the Italian saboteurs were attempting to forestall the American ceizure of Axis ships for transfer to Britain. The sabotage was accidentally discovered by port authorities at Wilmington, who attempted to move an Italian freighter and found the engine damaged, where upon the authorities inspected other ships, and on one caught the crew smashing the engine. The Secretary to the Treasury (Mr. Morgenthau) telephoned President Roosevelt at Florida Waters and ob tained permission to take in custody all Axis ships. It is understood a protest is ex pected from Italy and Germany to morrow. Meanwhile the ships' legal status is obscure. Some authorities contend the Government is entitled to com mandeer them, but will probably refer the question to the courts, which are likely to rule that the Government may take possession provided it financially compensates the owners. Senator George suggests buying the ships for Dritain, and Senator Wheeler declared it was "another act of war." An investigation showed that five Italian ships apparently were prepared for scuttling at the New York piers. Twenty Italian ships were disabled by the crews. The seizures were carried out with out resistance, except at Jacksonville (Florida), where a Coast Guard said 'some little trouble" occurred in tak ing the Ircania Confidenza (10,800 ton's). Most of the ships are in the 5000-ton class. A coastguard official in Washington said that Italian crews had also been starting fires under dry boilers, and causing other damage in an effort to render the ships useless. .Many of them were near sinking point. CREWS IN CUSTODY The Italian crews will be removed. and temporarily held in custody by the coastguard. Their ultimate destination is uncertain. Some may be charged with sabotage, in which case they would face trial in the federal courts, on the theory that the sabotage of one ship in port endangers the whole port. The crews of five Italian ships at New York have been sent to Ellis Island (immigration examination head quarters). There are 26 Italian freighters in United States continental ports, one at Puerto Rico (West Indies), and one in the Canal Zone. It is pointed out that there are 56 Italian, 50 neutral and 40 German ships tied up in South American ports. Executing the Treasury order, 55 coastguards at Portland (Oregon) arm ed with sub-machine guns, boarded the Italian motorship, Leme (8059 tons) and found the engines, generators and gears smashed by sledge- hammers. The engineroom had been turned into a shambles and the wiring was cut on the bridge. ENGINE DAMAGE At Newark (New Jersey) the police state that sabotage was discoveredl aboard five Italian ships which the coastguard boarded at Newark early to-day. The engines of all five had been severely damaged, apparently by acetylene torches, and combustible ma terials had been strategically placed to enable the ships to be set on fire at a moment's notice. In the Panama Canal Zone four lorry-loads of American soldiers and sailors boarded the Conte Biancamano, while a United States destroyer stood by. Members of the crew. of the Conto Biancamona were taken ashore, and probably will be placed in a concen tration camp in the Canal Zone. The ship's officers conferred with American Army, and Navy officials on the bridge, after which the Canal Zone authorities issued a statement saying: -"On instructions from Washington the Conte Biancamona has been taken over by military and naval guards." Later it was reported that the crew returned on board the ship, apparently after they had been searched. They are now under heavy guard. GERMANS, TOO Coastguards at Boston have been or dered to place guards on board twc German freighters there. It is stated that this does not constitute seizure. There are only three German ships is American waters. 