AXIS PROTEST Seizure of German and Italian Ships by U.S. Deportation Proceedings Taken Against Officers And Crews WASHINGTON, Monday. Ger many and Italy have fontially pro tested against the seizure of Ger man and Italian ships. There are indications from President Roose velt and the Secretary for State (Mr. Cordell Hull) that the pro test will be firmly rejected. "The •Justice Department has begun de portation proceedings against 875 officers and men removed from the Axis yesscis. Simultaneously the Federal Bureau of. Investigation opened an inquiry into sabotage.on Italian craft with a view to launch ing prosecutions, it is believed the result of the deportation proceed ings will be that the crews will be I interned for the duration of the war, » ■ ■ Mr. Cordell Hull at a Press confer ence to-day was asked whether the Government would: protest to Germany and Italy for sabotaging their vessels' m American harbours. He said: "No one .has yet questioned the absolute legality of this country's action." He declined to answer the question of the future disposition of the ships, assert ing the Government acted: only because ships were being sabotaged and Ifce cause of the possibility of their-being scuttled to the detriment of American harbours. The Treasury to-day published a formal compilation of 70 ships, the seizure of which has ranked as one of the greatest sensations of the war, even tending to rival the thrill of Admiral Sir Andrew Cunning ham's naval victory. The Treasury statement Showed that ' 28 Italian, two German, and 36 Danish ships were taken. Into custody by the i Coast Guard!, the Army and the Navy I in ports in the United States and the Panama Canal zone; Four other Danish vessels were taken over by the Navy to Philippine waters. ' The Treasury said- to-day that all the crews had been removed from the 70 vessels, which aggregated 320,000 tons, including 169,000 toils of Italian ship ping, 9000 tons of German, arid' 142,000 tons of Danish. TWO MORE SHIPS ON FIRE Sabotage, which has resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships, spread' to Central America to-day, when the crews set flre to one German and one Italian ship in Costa Rica. A message from, San Jose, (Costa .Rica) slates-that the German freighter Eistoach, of 4323 .tons, and the Italian freighter Fella, of 6072 tons, which Were anchored' at Punta Arenas (Costa .Rica)1 were set on. flre by their crews this morning,: The official version of the burning of the German and- Italian vessels said I that 40 armed police, under the police | director, Colonel Manuel Rodriguez, moved to place a special guard aboard ! the ships, In- order to avoid sabotage | this morning. Just as they were board ■ tog the vessels an explosion occurred. : Fire -rapidly enveloped the ! entirely, and she is considered a total loss, but strenuous efforts are being ' made to control the flre aboard the Fella. .. , One hundred and twenty Italian and German members of thectows were detained'arid charged with committing sabotage. A Manila message states that four Danish ships in- Philippine waters were taken,- toto -protective custody to-day by the United States Navy. . FRENCH SHIPS AESO 7 ..Federal officials in Washington said it was quite possible that the . Government would also take over • the .huge French liner Normandie, of 83,423 tons, and five other, • French ships tied up in New Fork. t- A navy bombing plane carried 15 men . Jo .Sebu in- the Central Philippines to toito over a vessel tied up there,' • Naval crews of 15 men each boarded three Danish craft in Manila Bay. ' Admiral Hart, the Commander-in Cliief ; of- the United - States - Asiatic (Fleet,- said-,(that.the four ships were token over -by the -• Navy to prevent sabotage by their own crews. ': The four.dhips, which aggregate 23,800 ■tons, are .the Gertrude Maersk, .the Grete Maersk, the Hulda Maersk, and the Marchen Maersk. • At Boston; 43 German.,and, Italian seamen began- a non-sleep and! hunger strike while they awaited action by the Immigration .Service with regard to their status following, on the seizure of -their ships.. . The District Director of Immigration (Mr.. John- MMuiusyy said .that' 16 Ger jnans and 27 Italian seamen refused to S® to teed , last.night and .would not eat ,«riy breakfast to-day. ' NEW YORK, Monday. — The French freighter lie d'Oucssant , sailed to-day for a destination ah- I • bounced- as Norfolk, but instead J dropped anchor off Staten Island) amid rising speculation as to.whe- ' ther the .Government plans some action against French ships similar to the seizure of. German, Italian ■ and Danish vessels. No -explanation was available. French line officials, said- they were not concerned by the interruption of the voyage arid were confident'the ship would' get a clearance 'to'toko a cargo of food and fuel to Martinique. ■ ^®y, ?ald there were 15 French .ships in American ports, eight of "the^ to'New York, wjiere the 83,423-ton Normandie has been tied up sinde the beginning of the war; HEAVY BAIL PORTLAND (Oregon), Monday.— : Fifty-two officers and men, of the Italian motor ship Leme were ar raigned before the United States Commissioner, charged with sabot | aging the vessel. The crew's bail was fixed at 7500 dollars each. ' • ; >.-Tfoe bond for the captain of' the Giovanni Polonio and Ave other officers was fixed at 10,000 dollars .each. De fendants were held in lieu of bond. JHAVANA, Monday.—The Navy ; seized the, Italian freighter Rccca, after which several small bombs exploded in the home of the Min ' ister of State (Mr. Josem Cortina), whp said they were undoubtedly connected with tlie ship's seizure. 