Protest From Axis Over Seizure Of Ships More Vessels Taken Over By U.S.A. NEW YORK, March 31. Federal officials state that it is quite possible the Government will take over the huge French liner Normandie and five French ships which are tied up here. The German freighter Eisenach (4177 tons) and the Italian freighter Fella (6072 tons) anchored at Punta Arena* in Costa Rica were set on fire by theil crews this morning. A San Jose message states: Four Danish ships in Philippine waters were taken under protective custody" today by the United States Navy. A naval bombing plane carried IS men to Sebu in the Central Philippines to take over a vessel tied up there. Naval crew« of 15 men each boarded three Danish craft in Manila Bay. Admiral Hart, Commander-in-Chief ot the United States Asiatic Fleet, said: 'Tour ships were taken over by the navy to prevent sabotage by their own crews." The four ships aggregating 23,800 tons are: Gertrude Maersk, Grete Maersk, Hulda Maersk, and Marchen Maersk. It was announced in Washington that the Italian and German Embassies have lodged protests against the action ot the U.S. Government in seizing Italian and German vessels in American waters. The Secretary for State (Mr Cordell Hull) told an interviewer that United States administration was not making any representation to Germany or Italy regarding these ships. He added, "Ac- tions are more effective than words." 70 SHIPS SEIZED. WASHINGTON, March 31. The Treasury today published a formal compilation of 70 ships seized, which ranks as one of the highest of the war sensations, even tending to rival the thrill of Sir Andrew Cunningham's naval vic- tory. The Treasury statement showed that 28 Italian, two Ger- man, and 36 Danish ships had been taken into custody by the coast guard, army, and navy, in the ports of the United States and the Panama- Canal zone. Four other Danish vessels were taken over by the navy in Philippine waters. The Treasury stated that all the crews had been removed. The 70 vessels aggregated 320,000 tons, including 160,000 tons Italian, ' 9000 tons German, and 142,000 tons Danish. Sabotaging result- ed in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships. It spread to Central America today when the crewe set fire to one German and one Italian ship berthed at Costa Rica. AXIS SEAMEN SULK; BOSTON, March 3JL Forty-three German and Italian mariners began a sleep and hunger strike while they awaited the im- migration service's action on their status after the seizure of their ships. The District Director of Immigration (Mr Mulcahey) said that 16 Germans and 27 Italians re- fused to go to bed last night and would not eat their breakfast today. TJ.S. VESSELS FOR BRITAIN ? NEW YORK, March 31. The Washington correspondent of the "Journal of Commerce" states that de- spite continued denials in Administra- tion quarters, the Maritime Cotnmissior has authoritatively revealed that 121 to 140 American vessels will soon bc transferred to the British register. NEW YORK, March 31. The French freighter De Doues Bant sailed today for a destination announced as Norfolk but instead she dropped anchor off Staten Island. There is rising speculation as to whether the Govern- ment plans some action against Freud ships similar to the seizure of German Italian, and Danish vessels. No ex- planation is available. French line offi- cials said they were not concerned bj the interruption of the voyage and wen confident that the ship would get a clear- ance to take a cargo of food and fuel U Martinique. He said there were ll French ships in American ports, eight of them in New York, where the 83,423 ton Normandie was still tied up. CHARGES OF SABOTAGE. PORTLAND (Oregon), March 31. Fifty-two officers and men of the Ita lian motor ship Lerne were arraigns before the United States Comml-sioi and charged with having sabotaged thei vessel. The bail for members of crew was fixed at 7500 dollars each. The bom fer Captain Giovanni Polonio and fivi other officers was fixed at 10,000 dolían each. ' DEPORTATION PROCEEDINGS. WASHINGTON, April 1. The Justice Department has begin deportation proceedings against 87. officers and men removed from Axi vessels. Simultaneously the Federa Bureau of Investigation has opened ai inquiry on Italian craft with a view ti prosecution. It is believed that the result of tb deportation proceedings will be that th crews will be interned for the duratio; of the war. HAVANA, March 31. The Navy seized the Italian freighte Recca, after which several small boml exploded in the home of the Minister fe State (Mr Josen Cortina), who said the undoubtedly were connected with ti seizure of the ehip. 