SIXTY-FIVE SHIPS IN CUSTODY Aétíoh by United States DUTCH, ITALIAN AND GERMAN VESSELS Swift Move to Prevent Sabotage (Australian Associated Press.) NEW TOEK, March 30. It is officially announced that the authorities-have seized 65 ships lying in- American'ports. They comprise 35 Danish, 28 . .Italian and two Germán. Their total tonnage is 300,000; The ? Danish ships were seized to prevent sabotage similar to the , Italian. Officials admit that 20 Italian ships were rendered un- seaworthy. All the others are seaworthy. The ships are located in both Atlantic and Pacific ports.. The Coast Guard Department has taken into , custody 1600 . : members of the crews of, ships. Au investigation showed that five Italian ships were apparently prepared for scuttling at the piers. Twenty Italian ships were disabled by the crews. \- : " . The seizures were carried out without resistance, except at . .Jackonsville, where the.Coast Guards said "some little trouble" occurred in the taking of the Lrcania and the Confidenza. It is authoritatively stated that Italian saboteurs were at- tempting to forestall the American seizure of Axis ships for \- transfer to Britain. The sabotage was accidentally discovered , by the.port authorities at "Wilmington. They attempted to move; an Italian freighter and found the engine damaged, whereupon the authorities inspected other ships and caught one crew smashing the engine.. , The Secretary to the Treasury (Mr. H. Morgenthau) tele- phoned to President Koosevelt at Florida "Waters and obtained permission to put in- custody all Axis ships. It is understood a protest is expected from Italy and Germany to- morrow. Mean- while, the ships' legal status is obscure. Some authorities con- tend that the Government is entitled to commandeer, but will probably refer the question to the courts, which are likely to /rule that the Government can take possession ' provided it financially compensates the owners. Senator George, chairman of the Senate Foreign Eelations Committee, suggests buying the ships for Britain. Senator . Wheeler declared it was another act of war. . PROTECTION FOB DANISH. Bear-Admiral Russel Waesche, com- manding the Coastguard service, said that the Danish ships had been taken into protective custody because of the fear of possible sabotage by others than members of the crews. However, he said, there was no evidence of sabotage or attempted sabotage in the Danish ships. The Danish ships seized yesterday total about 300,000-tons. . The captain of oue of the Italian ships said that about 10 days* ago he received orders from the Italian naval attache in "Washington to damage the ship, and he carried out the orders. BOARDED BT COAST GUARDS. WASHINGTON; March 30. s The Coast Guard announced that the Secretary of the Treasury (Mr. Henry ~ Morgenthau has ordered Coast Guard men to board all Italian ships tied up in the United States territorial waters to prevent further damage to vessels at the hands of Italian seamen. The Treasury later announced that Coast Guard mea were taking posr session.of Italian ships which they had previously boarded. "" A message frbm Balboa said ' that four lorry loads of American soldiers and sailors had boarded the Conte Biancamano while a United States de- stroyer stood by. A Coast Guard official ip.Washington said that the Italian crews had been smashing machinery "and starting fires in an effort td render the ships use- less. Many were near sinking point. TO PROTECT PORTS. The Treasury seizure order was is- sued under the Merchant Ship Control Act, which is designed to protect American ports. The Italian crews will be removed temporarily, and taken, into custody by the Coast Guard. Eereafter their fates are uncertain, me may be charged with sabotage, whereupon they would face trial before the Federal Court on the theory that the sabotage .of one ship in a port endangers the whole port. There are 26 Italian freighters in the "United States and continental ports, one at Puerto, Rico, and one at the Canal zone. A message from Newark (New Jer- sey) police states that sabotage was discovered aboard five Italian ships which the Coast Guard hoarded at Newark. early to-day. The engines, of all five were severely damaged, ap- parently by acetylene) torches and combustible materials strategically located to enable the ships to be set afire at a moment's notice. ENGINE ROOM SHAMBLES. At Portland (Oregon) 55 Coast Guards, armed with sub-machine guns, boarded the Italian motorship Lerne, and found the engines, generators and gears smashed by sledgehammers, and. the engineroom turned into a shambles The wiring was cut on the bridge. The, Italian crew returned aboard their ship at Balboa, apparently after a search; they are now under heavy guard. The Conte Bîancamona's crew was taken ashore, and will probably be placed in a concentration camp in the Canal zone. The ships' officers con- ferred with American. Army and Navy officials on the bridge, af ter which the Canal Zone authorities- issued a state- ment: "On instructions from Washing- ton the Conte Biancamona was taken1 over by the military and naval guards." GERMANS BOARDED ALSO. Coast Guards at Boston were ordered to place guards aboard two German freighters there. It us stated that this does not constitute their seizure. It Ts added that only three German ships are in American waters. The crews of five Italian ships in New York have been sent to Ellis Island (the immigration centre). The Treasury's instructions were issued after reports that Italian crews at Baltimore and Wilmingtoni were de- stroying machinery as part of a general movement to sabotage all Italian ships which were here. Except for the Conte Biancamano, all the ships were in the 5000 ton .class. It is pointed out that there are 56 i Italian, 50 neutral and 40 German ships tied up in South American ports. 