AMERICA SEIZES FRENCH LINER NORMANDIE FOREIGN SHIPS UNDER SURVEILLANCE Checking Sabotage Plans WASHINGTON, Tuesday. A high Treasury official revealed that the administration had placed 19 French merchant ships, including the liner Normandie, under surveillance. The official stated that no additional seizures were planned for 24 hours, presumably until the return of President Roosevelt. The Treasury published a formal compilation of 70 ships, which had been seized. The statement showed the, 28 Italian, two German and 36 Danish ships had been taken into custody. In addition to these, four other Danish vessels in the Philippines were taken over to-day. The crews of all the vessels have been removed. The. Treasury revealed that sabo- tain, which had resulted in extensive damage to at least 20 Italian ships, to-day spread to central America, when crews set fire to the German' freighter Eisenach and the Italian freighter Fella, which were _ anchored at Punta Arenas. Fire aboard the Eisenach spread r rapidly and enveloped the whole of 111 the ship, and it is feared to be a to the loss. Strenuous efforts are be r- ing made to control the fire aboard J I the Fella. d The crews of both vessels, totalling 120, have been detained on charges of committing sabotage. The seizure in Philippine waters was carried out by 15 naval men, who were transported by plane from of Manila to Cebu. r ! These four ships aggregate 23,800 e tons. They are the Gertrude Maersk, \- the Greta Maersk. Hilda Maersk \- and the Marches Maersk. N The Commander-in-chief of the e U.S. Asiatic fleet (Admiral Hart said that the ships had been taken a over by the Navy in order to prevent 'a sabotage by their own crews. a I ' Strike by Seamen s Reports from Boston states that 43 German and Italian mariners comprising members of Axis vessels seized in that port, have begun a non-sleep and hunger strike while awaiting immigration service action. Axis Protest to be ignored j Germany and Italy formally pro- tested against. the . seizure,', of their ships', 'but? indications from' President Roosevelt uphold that the. protests will be firmly rejected. The Government will institute de- portation proceedings against 875 officers and men removed from the ships. It is believed that the result of the deportation proceedings will be that the crews will be in- a ' teamed for the duration of the war. Denmark Welcomes Action The Danish legation said that it -. would not protest against the seizure girls the 39 Danish ships. The At attache to the Danish Legations said: 3 "The sailors feel very hard that they are associated in the public mind with those who sabotaged I their ships. No Danish sailors have of damaged ships. "It must be remembered that 5000 Danish sailors are now fighting for Britain." 