IN THE UNITED STATES Spy Round Up ARMY CHIEFS WARNING LONDON, July IS. | The "Daily Telegraph's" correspondent on the Oerrian frontier eays: A sen sational Press and radio campaign against President Roosevelt, based on a report .*> the Swedish newspaper "Af tonbladet" from America, alleging the United States is about to enter the { war, is causing great tension in Berlin. | The report said that President Boose-1 velt had ordered the United States! Navy to fire on German planes and war ships without warning. The Basle "National Zeitung's" Ber lin correspondent, says that German sources claim that the report is genuine and has been found authentic after care ful verification. President Roosevelt, at a Press con ference,; said the peace talks being cir- < -culated in the United States looked suspiciously as though they had been 1 planned by foreign sources. He did not j place the responsibility on any specific, nation. The CSiief of the Army Staff (General Marshall) today warned the Senate's military affairs committee that the mobilisation of army selectees and national guardsmen now mi>rht involve America in a national tra<red.v. ISOLATIONIST ANNOYI^ Senator Wheeler, in a speech, said: "Think of these Englishmen-the nerve and arrogance of their coming over here, carrying out the greatest propaganda campaign ever known to get this coun try into, the war. Lord Halifax and some of these English statesmen may have taken Mr Willkie and Colonel Knox into their camp, but they are not soing to run the Congress of the United States." The Eire Government has asked the United States' permission to buy morcj ships because many thousands of tonB of goods had piled up on the New York, docks. . | The Irish Minister (Mr Brennan) told Press representatives that 50,000 tons of steel girders and fertiliser were awaiting transport to Eire. He said Eire needed about a dozen ships. The Office of Production Management disclosed today that the United States was now producing 600,000.000 lb. of aluminium a year. In addition, it would become the owner of a vast bauxite pro duction plant with a capacity of 4OO$0Q; lb. of aluminium annually. Five com panies wilj operate seven plants scat tered throughout the. country. The con struction of the new plant wiU raise the aluminium capacity to 1,400,000 lb. annually, more than four times the pre rationing; production. 29 PERSONS INDICTED ST PAUL (Minn.), July 15. A Federal grand jury today indicted i 20 persons on charges of seditious con-! spiracy and advocacy -to overthrow the Government by obtaining control of in dustry, trade unions, and the United States naval and military - forces. The indictment Baid the defendants would seek to,bring about tanned revolution whenever the time seemed to them pro pitious. The defendants included two men formerly employed in United States bomb sight factories. One is ac cused of stealing certain documents and ?plant from the Sperry Gyroscope Com pany. When the police raided his home they found a veritab'e arsenal. NEW YORK, July 15. The Washington correspondent of the | American United Press states: "An economic federation of the islands in the Caribbean Sea, based on.British and American collaboration, has been pro posed to President Roosevelt by Ad ministration experts to sol re the island ers' wartime economic problems." ! The " Journal of' Commerce " today stated that 16 Danish vessels acquired by the Maritime Commission nnder the! Ship' Requisitioning Act at the week-' end would be assigned to supplying army bases in Greenland and Iceland. They also would carry strategic mater ials from the Far East and Australia. The 'Maritime Transport Company would operate these vessels. SEATTLE, July 15. | American Federation of Labour union j officials report a contract with thei American Star Line for a SOO-dollar! bonus for each Beaman for each Russian port of call. The agreement' also pro-! vides for a bonus of two dollars a day west of the 160th meridian with a bonus of 150 dollars for Orient ports. GERH&N; OFFICIALS LEAVE AMERICA. NEW YORK, July 15.' Ousted Axis consular officials, 'includ ing families, totalling 500, left today by the United States ship West Point. The Government released three Germans from Ellis Island to permit them to Bail on the West Point. It is believed that this is in exchange for two American Pressmen, Mr J. Allen, of the North American Newspaper Alliance, and Mr R. Hottelet, of the American United Press, who were both arrested in Ger many wi'hout tipeciftc charges. The released Germans are Pr Kurt Reith, former Minister to Austria, who is charged with having violated the United States immigration laws, and Dr Man fred Kapp and Herr Guenthur Tonn, both journalists, indicted for having failed to register as foreign agents. Extraordinary precautions were taken to prevent any demonstration before the departure of the West Point, but two women, bearing placards, on which was painted the letter "V," a symbol of Brit ish victory, paraded in front of the pier as *he German consular representatives went aboard. MILITARY COMMANDS WASHINGTON. July 10 The War Department announced today a major shuffling of officers, in volving 12 important changes of com mand, including Major-General F. An drews, who is designated head of the entire Caribbean and Canal zones, em bracing both land and air forces. The appointment will be effective from Sep tember 10. Major-General Andrews will succeed General D. Hoorhis,.who returns to as sume command of the fifth corps Area Columbus (Ohio). The Assistant Works Project Ad ministration Commisioner (Mr Corring* ton Gill) 6aid today that there were approximately 5,000,000 unemployed this year despite the enormous defence production programme. The only pos j sible labour shortages would be in the j highly-skilled occupations. The Secretary for the Navy (Colonel Knox) today ordered 37,647 enlisted | naval reservists now on active duty to be held in the service for the duration of the national emergency. The order also prohibits reservists now on duty from resigning for the duration, even though their enlistment period of four years had expired. "GRAVE EMERGENCY" . WASHINGTON, July 17. The Chief of the General Staff (Gene ral Marshall) in a further testimony before the Senate's military affairs com mittee, reiterated the urgency of the need for the extension of the training period. He said the deficiency .of the War Department's military forces would be greatly im. ">v d if Congress re moved the tottfl prohibitions on ex tended service, which Was needed before August 1. At the same time he said it was absurd to say that he was planning an expeditionary force. General Marshal) said, that while the War Department did not know the Aria's next move after the Russian cam* paign, it could envisage future steps of great magnitude. He could see Spain, Portugal, And North Africa conquered quickly. Each move left the Axis more ready for another move. "There fs no doubt whatever," he said, "that unless we make businesslike pre parations we may find ourselves in » tragic situation. The whole questionjsi Is .there an emergency T I say there'Is. The War Department faaya likewieet You, gentlemen, will have to aettW'i this." ' . He urged the Congress to act before ' August 1, stating that otherwise im« portant units would have to be brought . home from outlying bases and be de* mobilised. General Marshall repeatedly stressed that a grave emergency existed. He saijl ,i the UniU . States was financing the pansion of aviation facilities in Braeili in order to surround the Western. Hemi sphere with a ring of protection againi^ a ruthless foreign Power. The New York "Journal of Commerce*' states: "Lend or lease assistance fc being I given to South America to build air? I bases and strengthen the armed forcepJi to construct coastal fortifications cap% able of repulsing an enemy attack. Brazil will be the first to receive aid- , "The agreement this week providing' for the United States purchase of Mexfc,. can strategic materials is likely to followed soon by other agreements set tling the controversial oil dispute, land claims, and several border and war dii* .> putes." NOT ALL "PRACTICE" . Bear-Admiral Towers, chief of . tlie. | Navy Bureau of Aeronautics, testifying' before the naval affairs committee of the House of Representatives today, - said United States navy planes "were", doing patrol work over all the world. ? ?? Representative Cole asked if the flavjr" was patrolling the Pacific. Rear-Admiral Towers replied that navy planes were patrolling the Atlan tic, the Pacific, the Philippine, and the Panama areas. All the American pat*" rols were not just, "practice work." < Defence officials said today the Gov- , ernment was now training nurses for * duty with the armed services. A recruit ing plan was being considered in order '' to enlist young women who would as*'" sume the non-medical duties now per* formed by registered nurses, releasing them for all vital work. Senator Pepper, in an interview with the Associated Press, said the ' United States had sent war materials to General Weyganfl on the under standing that he used them to pre- . vent German occupation of Dakar* . The Office of Production Management .; announced today that rifles and Isub machine guns were now being produced*,;^ at the rate of 1500 a day, compared with 931 a day in January, 1941. NAVAL CHIEFS CONFER President Roosevelt called a special V conference at White House today to ?%. d«al with naval questions. Those pres ent included the Secretary for the Navy (Colonel Knox), the Chief of Naval ; Operations (Admiral Stark), the. com mander of the Atlantic Fleet (Admiral . King) and the Chief of the Navy's wat p'ans (Admiral Turnerj. The Secretary to the Treasury (Sir .. I Morpcn4hau), said that production facilities were drastically needed , for i defence purposes instead of the ton- " 5 tinued production of motor cars for cisi-' lians. He added that some form of civilian ?), rationing should be introduced immedi- ,, J ately, ? . - .; . The House of Representatives today passed after less than an hour's debate a Bill authorising the navy to und©T« *:% (Continued- OrenwM v >1 IN tHE QLSA. r<Ccatteoad *fimn trending fip.) «tice . £146,250,000 expansion plan of private establishments. LINDBERGH'S DISCLAIMER ' NEW YORK, July 17- ^ t- Cfharle* Lindbergh inforaed President Hooaevelt to a letter today that hew*® not connected with anV Opvennnent. He Mid be had received Ms German decora tion while serving fa tho Amenean em fcassy. Jfo demanded that the Secretary for the Interior (Mir Ickes) should apO' jogise for hie statement on July W. Mr Ickec at a Prees conftrcnce after-^ wards, when informed of Colonel una- ] berth's tetter, said; "If Colonel Lind bergh -were an upstanding American he would have returned b^Oerman decora tion lone ago, regardless of how, when, .or where lie received it." Mr Ickea M out that he had never said that Lionel Lindbergh was connected with the interests of a foreign Government *T have ft&id;, however, said Mr Iclces, .that he has gone about the ^°aa^7 preaching appeasement and disunity, which is in' the interests of a foreign Government, namely, Germany. Mr Wendell Wfflkie, in a statement, appealed to the Administration, in the Sm of national unity, to refrain from criticism of individual citieens. COMPROMISE REQUISITION The Senate's military .committee un animously approved of a compromise BiU authorising the President to requisition \- military and naval equipment, tows, supplies, and machinery needed for de fCThe chairman (Senator. Reynolds) ex plained thai an earlier Bill would have ' authorised the eeieure of any property, Imt it was considered too sweeping. LEND-LEASE AID It is stated authoritatively that the . closer integration of the British and American defence programmes to meei ? any eventuality is. the chief aim of the ; Tiait of Mr Harry Hopkins (the co ortinator of the "lend and lease aid) ? to London. Despite the lend and lease v coordination there have been useless j duplication, conflict, and waste. . Mr Hopkins will also discuss develop Bents in all parts of the world, with a J view to common measures to meetj them. Mr William Barnafial. a member of the Canadian Department of Muni tions, who has re urned to America from London, said that England had achieved a vast improvement w air craft armament production in the last lour or five months, and aerial super** erity over Germany was now imminent. The Nasi bombings of Britain had not ' retarded factory production appreci ably! be added. WAH PRODUCTION WILL EXCEED ? GERMANY'S WASHINGTON, July 10. By next April the United States win .be producing more war planes and tanks than Germany. This is the estimate of economists ef the Office of Defence Production Man agement, ang was given by Senator Downey in a statement to a seem session of the Military Affairs, Commit tee, says the New York "Times." " In the spring we will be so far ahead that Germany will not even be in second place," said Senator Downey. ' The economists also estimate that the present United States monthly pro duction of 1000 million dollars ( £ A312-800,000) worth of military equipment will be tripled within two years. Officials have expressed a fear that the trend to re-armament is now so tremendous th^t tbB United States may have 30,000,000 unemployed at the enfl «f the war. SPY RING IN NEW YORK NEW YORK, July 10 Of 33 alleged members of a Naei spy rbg charged with conspiring with Ger many, two women and four men pleaded guilty. The remainder, who pleaded not 'V- rtiflty, have been allowed bail of 25,000 : dollars (£7812) each. 4 Those who pleaded guilty included ? Itxel Wheeler Hill, whose brother was the leader of the German-American j $und, and who was accused of operating |S*a: -short wave radio from New York to ^fformany: Rene Metenen, former Ameri Clipper steward; Lilly Stein, an ij^gHist*k model} and Elaa Weuatenfeld, i^toriator employee of the German Con feSllate, and the alleged.paymaster for ipr' rinfr. ,Evelyn Lewis, an artist, giiilty to failing to register as ^|t«r«tgn agent, but not guilty of con U.S. PRIVATE mDVSlKT WASHINGTON, July lfc The Office "of Production Manage ment has tentatively ordered » reduc tion of BO per cent In the production of automobiles,, refrigerator#, and laundry machlnea in the interests .of the defence programme in the coming year. , Mr U Henderson, economist tad member of the New , Deal "Brain Trust," said that similar action would be Hft*" over other industries, chiefly air conditioning, heating, cooking equipment 'and household appliances. MERCHANT MARINE CREWS J NEW YORK, July 19. The "Journal of Commerce" Bays: "The shortage $f merchant marine per sonnel will priobably be averted by « more intensive training programme, the ' liberalisation of experience requirements, and latter bonuses for crews sailing « the danger zone. Training schools for able seamen have reduced the length of courses, thus stepping up the'number of graduates, while more trainees ere at tracted by thfe shorter study period." ROOSEVELT ASKS FOR NEW POWERS. WASHINGTON, July 22. President Roosevelt, in * message that was broadcast -throughout the CJnited States today, asked Congress for a de claration of full or limited national, emergency as a meanB of retaining ponr scripts and National Guardsmen on'ac tive service for the duration of the emergency* . . , ? ' President Poosevelt - emphasised that the United States army would begin to disintegrate within two months unless Congress took some action. . He added that the responsibility noy rested with "Congress itself. .Thfe^anger confronting America at present was in finitely greater than it was a year ago when the conscription service was en- * acted. . The President asked Congress to elim inate the provision which limits to 900,000 the number of men which may be introduced into the army forces within a year. He said that the nation must be prepared to defend the whole of the Western-Hemisphere, and he fgain referred to the series of' German con quests and attacks which had continued for several years, from the Beisure of Austria in 1038 to the invasion iof Rus sia last month.' He aho emphasised that any present weakening of the .United States army would bp an act of bad faith, towards America's neighbours in Latin - America. "Each German campaign ha« been baaed on a preliminary assurance of safety or nonr&ggression; to the intended victim," he added. "Each German cam paign has been based on disarming ^fear or 6n gaining time until the German; Government is ready to throw treaties and pacts to'tbe wind and simultaneous ly launch an attack in an overwhelming force. Each elimination of * new vic .tim has brought the .issue of Nazi domin ation closer to the Western Hemisphere, while month after month their intrigues of propaganda and conspiracy have sought to weaken every link in the American community and to weaken ing tercets that should bind the Americas into one great Western iamily.". NEW ATTACKS PLANNED The Under-Secretary for State (Mr Sumner Welles) announced that the Government had received* information indicating that Germany was "about to threaten new attacks against the re maining independent countries - of Europe. 'THe disclosed that the United StateB promised full support to Bolivia in the event of an international incident aris ing from an attempted Nasi coup. He also referred to the sharp attack on the United States by General Franco last week, in which General Franco as serted that the American offers of eco nomic help to Spain always involved an attempt to force Spain to obey the will of other nations. He said it was en tirely nntrue that-supplies of food and medicine sent to Spain by the Ameri can Red Cross were contingent upon any policy except that the Spanish people should remain, at peace. Answer ing General Franco on the consequences of a Nazi victory, Mr Welles pointed out that if conirol of the Atlantic and other seas passed to unfriendly, Powers the independence of the American re public would be gravely endangered. The present security and prosperity were founded on the fact that such seas were controlled bv friendly Powers." CONTROL OF PROPERTY WASHINGTON, July 21. Legislation authorising the President to take over private property such as military or naval equipment, supplies, munitions, machinery, tools, or materi als necessary for use in national defence was passed by the Senate today and sent to the. House of Representatives. 