! The Giant Brains Behind America' s \ War Drive. 1 ? Forty-one years ago a young Danish emigant landed in the United States with £6 vin his pocket, and took a job as a riveter in a New York shipyard at a wage of 7/6 a day, which he augmented by doing box ing as a sideline. The emigrant lad had got on so well that by 1933 his salary as head of one of America's largest motor companies was 325,000 dols. a year — or the equivalent of £65,000 a year. When Americans recently read in their newspapers, 'Production of mili tary equipment in overwhelming flood is in sight,' they said: 'Bill Knudsen has done it again.' William Knudsen, 'the Great Dane,' and America's Dick Whittington, . has been 'doing it again' ever since he left liis native Denmark to seek fame and fortune in the New World and landed, one morning in 1900, at New York. The man who is to-day handling the world's No. 3 job, and who hates Hitler as much as Hitler hates him, was then known- as Signius Wilhelm Poul Knud sen. He got a job on the Harlem River shipyards at New York at ' 7/6 a day. The boss liked the burly Danish boy, atnnfHne; B feet. 3 innhfifi in his sor.bs. Tint couldn't be bothered writing down all those initials. 1 'While you're working for jis, Buddy, your name here is William — or Bill for short,' said the boss. And William S. Knudsen is still 'Bill' to all America, from President Roosevelt downwards. Took up Boxing to Eke Out His Wages. Born in Copenhagen sixty-one years ago, America's 'speed-up wizard' was trained as a bicycle mechanic. Upon arrival in the United States he worked in shipyards as a boiler riveter, in steel mills, factories, and any other job that was going. After two years as a riveter he found a job in a factory manufactur ing bicycle parts at Buffalo. A year later he was made a foreman, then an inspector, and eventually assistant super intendent in charge of 1200 workers at a salary of £80 a month. It was tough to keep your footing in those days, but Knudsen had what it takes. In his spare time he went in for boxing to raise a few extra dollars — never guessing in the days when lie knocked out local sluggers that the time would come when he would be billed all over the world as the No. 3 chal lenger In the grand all-out world cham pionship contest against a German fly weight named Adolf Schicklgruber! But that's the job History reserved for Bill Knudsen. To-day, with the United States just reaching the mass-production stage in its armaments drive, Knudsen is all set to knock-out Hitler for the count. But before America's Dick Whitting ton reached this apex of a fairy- tale life-story he had stacked up a career which dnzzles even Americans. A great engineer who understands what makes any wheels go round, by 1913 he already held a high position in the Ford Motor Plant, and there helped to turn out munitions in the last war. By the end of the World War, Knudsen had become Henry Ford's right-hand man at £10,000 a year. The Chevrolet Motor Company bought him up and made him production manager. Theif things began to happen. And the President Called Him Bill. In the year before Knudsen joined Chevrolet they turned out 76,000 cars. The first year that Knudsen was in con trol of production the number climbed to - 240,000 ; during the second year of the Knudsen regime, to 480,000. In his third year Knudsen turned out 750,000 cars, and four years after joining the company he pushed production over the million mark. It is reported that during those years of sensational success, Knudsen con tinued his life-long habit of wearing his hat at his desk, on the theory that he thinks better that way, while his col leagues declare that the one speech he ever made — at a meeting of Chevrolet salesmen — consisted of a single sen tence: 'Boys, please help me to sell as many cars as x ord.' Still smiling the big smile which was the most important baggage he brought from Denmark, the immigrant who land ed in 1900 with £6 to his name was, thirty-three years later, one of the thirty eight highest-paid salaried Americans. That was before the Berlin flop-house punk got busy, marched his troops into Knudsen's native Copenhagen, turned Europe into a slave plantation — and, in cidentally, became 'ruler' of William Knudsen's two sisters, who are still in Denmark. Last year, when President Roosevelt decided tnat America must become the arsenal of democracy, and created the 'Office of Production Management' to handle the biggest shopping spree in recorded history, William Knudsen was the man he sent for to do the 'shop- ping.' Knudsen took the job, saying, 'I had to. The President called me Bill.' His One Dollar a Year! This is how the 'New Yorker' de scribed the meeting between the Pre sident, who had decided on all- out aid for Britain, and the man who was going to see the aid was produced: — 'The next day Knudsen saw Roose velt at the White House. The two men were freely photographed for the papers and newsreels, shaking hands and smiling at each other, Knudsen bowing from the waist in one of the Old World mannerisms he has retained. Knudsen is a hulking giant, six feet three, wide-chested, with immense slop ing shoulders; he has the hands of a' boilermaker; his muscles bulge through his clothes. He is square-headed, with a pink face, grey hair, and blue eyes set wide apart and wrinkling up in crow's feet when he smiles. 'Posing with Roosevelt, he smiled his broadest smile. When reading some thing for the benefit of the photograph ers, he put a pair of pince-nez attached to a black ribbon on his generously pro portioned nose, which made him look like a scholarly sort of bear. As soon as the photographers had gone, the two men got down to business. ? 'Mr. Pre sident,' Knudsen began, 'who is to be the boss of this commission?'. 'I am,' Roosevelt answered hastily. 'That's all right, that's all right,' said Knudsen. 'I just wanted to know.' ' So Knudsen took the job of spending at least forty billion dollars in all. His salary is one dollar a year! A Whirlwind Campaign. President. Roosevelt informed demo cracy's new production chief that to save civilisation he would have to get Ameri can industry to turn out 50,000 war planes, a first order of . 10,000 tanks and unlimited quantities of all the complicated weapons of modern war on land, on sea, and in the air. Asked, 'Can you build CO, 000 war ^pianes s wuiiain ivnuuaon repnen: -jl 'can't, but America can.' That was twelve months ago. In that period more than 11)0 vast now war plants have been constructed (moBt of them months ahead of schedule, and Home have been built, equipped, and working within tlireo months of the job being started), and 30,000 large American fac tories and tens of thousands of smaller flrms have been switched over from penco to war production. To give one concrete example of what America has been doing while Britain holds the front linos, in tho single city of Chicago 3000 factories are working on contracts placod by Mr. Knudsen's ofllce — representing a 50 per cent, increase on Chicago's war output in (lie last wnr. To-day, whon Amorican production is tho hope ol' civilisation and tho decisive stage of the war has arrived, ull limltb have been removed and Mr. Knudsen's office is placing contracts for more and ever more war material with every fac tory in the United States able to handle the work. A whole range of new war plants are being planned and will be constructed as speedily as possible. Bill Knudsen has never been afraid of anybody in his life, and he is not afraid of Hitler. To him, the idea that Britain and America, together controlling 48 per cent, of the world's industrial capacity, cannot lick a Germany which, together with all occupied Europe, controls only 24 per cent, of the world's total indus ti'ial capacity, is nonsense. As for the personal aspect of his job, Bill Knudsen is a humorist. He said the other day: 'I am getting on in the world. When I first landed in the United States I got a wage of 10 dol. a week. Now I am getting 1 dol. a year.' He feels that everything he has be come is due to the United States, of which country he became a citizen in 1914, and he is repaying the debt by tackling a job so vast that It would put a smaller man under the table. Til America they say that if Hitler in tends to win this war, just as soon as Adolf has defeated Churchill and Roose velt he had better strip to the waist and take on Bill Knudsen, the slugger! And I warn the vegetarian gorilla that he will find Knudsen still nippy on his toes at sixty- one years of age. Hitler is fifty-two. Industry's Big Boss Is Never Saluted. It is typical of the United States that the man who is, under President Roose velt, the industrial dictator of the world's greatest industrial State, who has just ordered a campiagn to collect 300,000,000 lbs. of. aluminium pots and pans from American kitchens to melt down for use in building aeroplanes, and threatens American motorists with rationed petrol, doesn't wear uniform, isn't saluted by anyone, and dislikes both making speeches and being seen In public. He is so rarely seen in public that the man everybody knows by name could walk from end to end of New York without being recognised. Knudsen isn't the type that stands on the tops of mountains dreaming, or poses for his picture. He is just a regular American guy who understands machinery and speeding up production and beating Hitler. And when he gets a chance to take an evening away from his office at Washington, a rare event now, he goes back to to his home and plays the accordion. In fact, William Knudsen, the un crowned emperor of the greatest indus trial set-up on earth and the man who is in charge of making the tools of vic tory for England, is such a simple soul that he rarely speaks more than one sentence to anyone, and signs his letters simply 'Knudsen.' But, in spite of all his Bhyness and simplicity, those who have seen him handing out war contracts for ten of millions of dollars figure that William S Knudsen is worth more than 1 dol. a year to Uncle Sam and John Bull. Say 2 dol. a year at least! — By 'Tit- Bits,' London, U.S.A. Cor respondent. 