Care Grant Weds 10 Millions C ARY Grant's marriage the other day to Barbara Hutton, the richest girl in the world, is the most amazing match any Hollywood star has ever made. You've seen the story in dozens of movies. The young man, born of poor but honest parents, meets the hoity-toity rich girl; she snubs him snobbishly, she laughs at him, and then she falls in love with him. In the last reel they get mar ried. There's no guessing what's going to happen now Cary and the Countess of Haugwitz-Reventlow her official title-are joined to gether in holy matrimony. But maybe it's wise to remember that Cary's marriage to Virginia Cher rill lasted only three years, and nte Countess, in two previous tries, has stayed married (with plenty of domestic squabbles) for a total of seven years. il there's any trouble in the Grknt menage it won't be be cause they can't balance the h?us?ehold budget. The countess is worth about £10,000,000, and Coary makes about £40,000 a year out of the movies. While the countess was eating off goldplate and living in palaces, Cary Grant (born Alexander Ar chibald Leach) was a penniless im migrant from England walking on stilts among the crowds at Coney Island at five dollars a day. Wedding Gift Next vounn Mr. Grant tried Cary Grant singming min vau deville, which he didn't do very well. For a while he was in part nership with an Australian now known as Orry Kelly, who de sig ns ileek frocks f o r women stars. They decided it was more com fortable starving together than staring alone. The firm sold hand - painted ties, but even their enthusias tic desire to eat regularly could not make the business pay. Cary Grant became an actor, and finally, like most actorn, went to Hollywood for a screen test. While he was struggling along in minor films and quarrelling with Virginia Cherrill--another minor film star--Barbara Hutton was giving Prince Alexis Mdi vani £200,000 as a wedding pre sent. Young Mr. Grant climbed stea dily upwards. Barbara threw her prince away and married the Danish nobleman Count Haugwitz Reventlow, giving him £200,000 as well. She could afford it. Her in come that year was £350,000. In due course she had a son, who weighed 7½ lb. at birth and wan estimated to be worth at least £83.000 an ounce. The nursery provided for him had four rooms with special sun lamps to produce synthetic sunshine. Every room was germ proof. Barbara's London home, Win field House, where no doubt she'll take Cary for a holiday some day, stands in Regent's Park, in 12½ acres of marvellous gardens. The building is six stories high. All the guests' bedrooms have private bathrooms with gold plated taps. Barbara's own bathroom con tains £2,000 worth of green and ivory marble, and a chromium lined Turkish bath. Every reception room is panelled in timber, hand- carved, or painted by the world's best craftsmen. For two years 28 gardeners worked on the gardens. When Barbara went into residence for the first time, they had 25,000 bulbs blooming to welcome her. Cary now is 37, his wife is 31. They have been close companions for two years. She has given him all sorts of fantastic presents. He has given her a £13,000 emerald necklace and a diamond and pearl bracelet worth £6,500. Good-Bye Lo Movies? Can Cary Grant stay married to so much wealth and still be a movie star? It doesn't seem very likely. He says he's going into the Army. When he comes out of that, the countess, wh6's used to hiaving her own way, wll prob ably whisk him off to Eitrpe for a year or two. Of course. Cary Grant may de cide he likes working in the movies better than gallivanting round. There's no way of telling, because Hollywood has never had a marriage like this before. All you can judge by is the movies. The movies have an. in fallible answer to all poor-little rich-girl marriage troubles. When the husband and wife squabble. and it looks as if he's going out into the storm, never more to beat his wings in the gilded halls of her palace, she whispers in his ear, "I'm going to have a baby." And they live happily ever after. 