ABOUT six years ago the Auer Works abandoned its factory at Oranienburg, a little town not far from Berlin which is fam- ous tor its concentration camp. This factory was only qne of many that were owned and operated by the Auer concern. Still, it seemed strange to the inhabitants of the little town that the factory should be closed down so suddenly. For just at that time Auer was busy manufacturing millions of gas masks. But there was something even stranger about tile affair. Not only was the factory shut down, but it was left practically intact. The 2,000 workers and the office per- sonnel moved out. But the ma- chinery, the boiler room, the labora- tories were left untouched. A short while later, some 50 rela- tively young men moved into this ghost factory. The third floor was made into living quarters, and the offices - became classrooms where those 50 young men began to at- tend lectures. At about the same time, strange little toys began to arrive, and they were set up in the courtyard. There were minia- ture bridges, miniature railway tracks, switches, junctions, power STORY r (WEEK stations, etc. Furthermore, many new full-sized machines arrived and were set up in the machine shops. The entrances to the factory were locked and closely guarded. No one without a special permit was allowed to enter. No one was allowed to leave. Sut it was not a concentration camp, or prison. This was a school for saboteurs, created by the Nazi Naval Intelligence. Other schools for saboteurs were set up in different parts of Ger- many, for instance in Hanover, in Halverstadt, in Brunswick and in Buckow (near Berlin). Oranien- burg however was the biggest and the most important-and probably still is. TJERE, under the leadership ol Commander Schmolinske, a number of professors and an even; greater number of technical instruc- tors acted as sabotage teachers. The machine shops and the chemical laboratories were of course used for experiments. Every pupil had to learn how to destroy various kinds! of machines, how to cause; different kinds of explosions, how! to derail trains, how to create; panic and confusion, etc. Alli this was carefully rehearsed over; and over again. The would-be saboteurs not only had to learn how to accomplish such tasks, but also how to accomplish them in the shortest possible time. They were timed by instructors with stop watches. They also had to go through a special course of "be- haviour" designed to make it easier for them to melt into the crowd once they were abroad. In short, nothing was left to chance. Every- thing was foreseen and calculated. This, then, was the preparation and mobilisation for the war of sabotage which Hitler intended to launch upon the world in general and against the United States in par- ticular. Though German sabotage plans are prepared by both the Naval Intelligence department and the Military Intelligence department, the Navy plays a much, bigger role in direct- ing it. The Army merely - trains demolition squads for sabotage work in the combat area, while Naval In- telligence is in charge of all sabotage activities abroad-that is, in neutral countries and in countries not yet invaded. The more important role of Ad- miral Raeder's Navy is one of long standing. It started sabotage war- fare back in Great War I. At that time its envoy for sabotage warfare against the United States was Lieu- tenant Commander Franz von Rin telen. He came to the United States on a Danish passport, and after get- ting in touch with Captain Franz von Papen, who had detailed in- structions for blowing up our muni- tions factories, he organised his crew of saboteurs. All this of course is history, It is well known now that 91 German agents tried to sabotage the whole United States war effort in 1917-18. In a way, those 91 were just fore- runners of the eight saboteurs who were caught recently. They followed the same pattern. Their duty was the same. But there . is one great difference between * saboteurs of yesterday and today. I learnt this several years ago when I met Von Rintelen in London. There, as a refugee from the Third Reich, he lived more or An incendiary pencil and other wegnonv «sed to deRtrnv. An artist's impression of horror and destruction caused by saboteurs. J. Edgar Hoover, who directed the round-up of spies and saboteurs in America. Frederick Joubert Duquesne described os a "master spy." Top: Under ultraviolet light a secret message is revealed. Below: Paul Fehse, one of the Nazi agents arrested in America. less tinder the protection of Slr Reginald Hall, wartime chief of Bri- tain's Office of Naval Intelligence, in exchange for services he had ren- dered to Great Britain by betraying Germany's most closely guarded military secret; the gigantic scheme of its sabotage plot. He told me how his agency operated in- the old days. Though Rintelen's agents were carefully hand-picked, they were untrained. They were allowed to improvise-they were even sup- posed to. The trained saboteurs of the Third Reich, on the other hand, must follow precise instructions. Everything must move in accordance with a carefully worked-out strate- gic plan. Every step is carried out according to a detailed schedule. Established in an unassuming five storey building on the Luetzow Ufer in Berlin are the headquarters of German sabotage warfare. It is there that Captain Von Puttkammer member of an old-line naval family -works and plans. Von Puttkammer was on the Fuehrer's own sta* from August, 1934, till early in 1938, when he was made head of the sabotage bureau, which in Germany is con- sidered a job second to none in its ultimate importance. Herr Von Puttkammer has two departments working under him. One is called Abwehrabteilung: Werkespionage (Defence Depart- ment: Industrial Espionage). This department is engaged in collecting information about factories, docks, ports, airfields, etc, in other coun- tries where the Germans intend to commit acts of sabotage. The second department consists of the sabotage schools that we've already mentioned. The sabotage students who are to be employed in this country are almost all so-called Ruckwanderer (Re-immigrants) who were persuaded between 1935 and 1940, by German consuls running migration offices in New York, Los Angeles, Madison, Wis, etc, to re- turn to the Fatherland. "yyHEN these men first arrived in Germany they were sent to the Army. After 16 months of military training, they were usually transfer- red to the Engineers Corps for a short three-month course of train- ing. And then, if the authorities felt that the men were trustworthy and able to do the job, they were finally transferred to one of the sabotage schools. Once the student of sabotage has gone through his courses and satis- fied his teachers, he is destined to be smuggled into the United States -or whatever other country he may have come from. Transportation by means of U-boats is the most spec- tacular method, but it is not the only one. After his arrival in the country of his destination, the would-be saboteur ls Instructed to get in touch with sympathising organisations on the ¿pot. Nazi organisations were of course created here and in other countries almost immediately after Hitler came to power. While the Bund got the greatest publicity in our country, it was never important as a possible base for saboteurs. Other, less conspicuous organisations were supposed to play a decisive role. Most important among them were the so-called Deutsche Techniker- verbande (German Technicians' As- sociations), which existed in New York, Pittsburg, Detroit and Los Angeles-key cities for sabotage ac- tivity. They had branch offices in practically every industrial town, in all "strategic areas" throughout the United States. The members were engineers, foremen, patent attorneys and all sorts of specialised workers of German descent. They were sup- posed to provide the sabotage agents with the latest information, such as schedules of production, of work shifts, changes in personnel, new in- stallations ' of alarm systems and other warning devices, etc. They were to provide the saboteurs with necessary tools and with means of escape after the work had been ac- complished. But Berlin headquarters by no means depended entirely upon these Nazi organisations. That is, these organisations were to assist wherever possible- but the saboteurs them- selves were supposed to know, be- fore they came into the country, where they had to do their jobs, exactly what they had to do, and when they were to do it. Herr Von Puttkammer achieved this system by two means. One has been known to us for some time. The other one, up to this day, is known to only a very few men in this coun- try and in Germany. The known device is of course the infiltration of German workers or workers of German descent, into the greatest possible number of factories, plants, ports and public utilities workers who were willing or who were forced to give detailed infor- mation about their places of em- ployment. Ever since the first trial of Nazi spies in this country-in the fall of 1938-we have known of the astonishing number of German workers and foremen in places vital to our defence. But Herr Von Puttkammer did not depend entirely upon this kind of information. In 1935, when he first started mapping out industrial sabo- tage against the United States, he devised a second, more secretive plan. He sent one of his assistants, Cap- tain Heinichen, to this country. They called it a General Staff trip. But what Heinichen really came for was to survey the terrain for sabotage ac- tivity. He succeeded in getting in touch (Continued on Page 47). Four of the six Nazi saboteurs on trial. The person in the middle is . United -States Army officer. SCHOOL FOR SABOTEURS (Continued from Pago 5). with a number of local Nazi agents who had already laid the ground work for large-scale espionage. He did not spend much time in the cities or in the vicinity of plants which his agents were scheduled to sabotage later. He sought the answer to all his questions from an easier source. He gathered together a group of safe-crackers, burglars» confidence men, tricksters-men who could manage to get into the offices of various insurance companies and obtain certain blueprints from the safes or drawers. Whenever a factory, a bridge, a building, or a ship is insured against fire or other damage, its foundation plans must be submitted in detail to the insuring firm. Herr Heinichen's plan was extremely practicable and simple. All he wanted were those blueprints and as many of them as possible. p\>R more than three years, Capt Heinichen's gang broke into in- dustrial-insurance company vaults and stole blueprints. Only a few of the thieves were insiders or held jobs with the firm. In the evening they would pick up one or two plans and take , them to a pre-arranged meeting place; There the plans were photostated and returned the next morning before anything could be found out. Plans began piling up in the files of Heinichen and Von Puttkammer In their offices on the Luetzow Ufer in Berlin. By 1939 the chiefs of German sabotage must have been in possession of literally thousands of plans of factories, railway stations, bridges. The eight saboteurs who recently came via U-boat to our shores were indeed in possession of very detailed plans and maps and blueprints. Un- happily for them, and unhappily for the men sitting in their offices on the Luetzow Ufer in Berlin, the FBI acted promptly, following discovery of the saboteurs by a Coast Guards- man. There has been much speculation about the possible successors of the eight saboteurs-or, perhaps, of their predecessors in this country. Natur- ally; people are wondering If others will have more success than these eight. It is impossible to answer such a question with a categorical yes or no. However I think a no is much more likely. j For there lt the FBI. And them ls the Coast Guard, and there arv the volunteer police forces, homo guards and other organisations for defence against sabotage. And finally there are the Army and Navy Intelligence departments. But while we have reason to be proud and happy about the results thus far achieved in this fight, we must not forget that there may be reverses. This is war. None of us expect that our men or ships or planes will go through this war with- out suffering setbacks or even de- feats. The same goes for the war against sabotage. There may be cases in which Nazi saboteurs will achieve partial successes. But there is no reason for us to become hysterical-as long as our numerous well - organised counter - sabotage agencies remain resourceful ,and vigilant. 