Building Racial Unity Among Children Of ForeigmBorn In The United States AT A TIME WHEN A POSITIVE EVALUTION OF THE RE FUGEE IMMIGRATION THE PRESERVATION & STRENGTHEN ING OF CULTURAL TRADITIONS, AND AN INSPIRED EDUCA TION OF OUR YOUTH TAKE AN IMPORTANT PLACE IN THE CONSIDERATIONS OF OCR COMMUNITY, THE PUBLICATION OF THE FOLLOWING ARTICLE. WHICH RECENTLY APPEAR ED IN A LEADING AMERICAN PAPER WILL CERTAINLY BE APPRECIATED BY OUR READERS. IT WILL ADD NEW FUEL TO OUR THOUGHT AND ENRICH OUR EXPERIENCE. > The Editor. Santo Barbara, -Calif. In this day when unity among nationalities and races is much sought after, but seems sometimes elusive and far from realisation by the great governments, the Santa Barbara city schools have been carrying on a project called “Com munity Cultural Studies’’.' This title in itself suggests no interna tional import, but it has back oi! it nevertheless an idea that edu cators and laymen believe is doing more than some “green tables” to bring the goal of unity nearer. Under the supervision of the City Superintendent of Schools the project has related in all school levels a study of countries of the world with class members of fore ign descent and their families, and with friends and countrymen in the community. This project Aas been going on for several years, 'and Stanford University, through its school of education, has watch ed it with great interest. AT LEAST 40 NATIONALITIES Tony Minotto, Jose Garcia, Toi Lung, Axel Hansen, Patrick O’Hara, and Johnny Jones all un derstand one another better here in Santa Barbara because of Com- i munity Cultural Studies. So do their parents. There are at least 4 0 nationalities and racial groups represented among Santa Barbara citizens. One educator whose work brings her constantly in touch with the j foreign-born cited a lessening of I strain and of a fear of being under suspicion on the part ..of Italian parents and their children, direct ly attributable, she,, said to the Community Cultural Studies. When asked if she could sum up the most important results of the project so far, said she is glad to see that it has “dignified each cultural group in the eyes of its own community.’ She was parti cularly happy over the effect on the second generation. She has seen proof that the child born in this country of fore ign parents has been reassured by this genuine tribute to his ances tral background and the acknowl edgement by an American educa tional system that his parents possess advantages to be shared in the interests of education. Maybe the advantage is repre sented by an old Paisley shawl and some silver, a set of bagpipes an old Danish copper pot, a piece of pewter or some Philippine em broidery, which up to that time the child might have regarded with disapproval—even intense dislike—because symbolic of what made him “different” from Amer icans. “Mutual confidence and regard through these, actual understand ings,” Mrs. ICittrell predicts, “will strengthen the bond of union which is the basis of our demo cracy and the hope of our times.” TWELVE SUBJECTS So far, China, Scandinavia, Ita ly. the British Isles, early Amer ica, the Philippines and Hawaii, Latin America, including Mexico: Canada, the American Negro and early California have been studied. “Our American society,” says Mrs. Kittrell, “is a changing- thing modified continually by the fusion of cultures.” She believes it is impossible to understand this composite culture without some appreciation of the contribution of all the racial and nationalistic groups pouring their riches into the common treasury. As originally conceived the Com munity Cultural Studies purposed “to illumine classroom study of countries with the objective of mutual understanding within .the community, and they proposed* to do this by means of personal con tacts with living representatives and by means of exhibits of na tive treasures of art, utility and 1 tlie crafts, and programs based upon these. Many school systems, have used resources like these in various ways, but the departure in the Santa Barbara system was that the board of education, authorised the assignment of a teacher to con tinuous service in securing con tacts, with a view to obtaining authentic contributions from mem bers of the group to be studied. The Santa Barbara system was fortunate in having a staff mem ber like Mrs. Kittrell available. She has a natural love of peoples and their music, arts, and ways of life. She regards herself as an ambassador of good will in her work of establishing contacts. INVARIABLY CO-OPERATE “I find that foreign parents when they finally understand that they are being asked to do some thing for American education and their children, invariably will, co operate,” she says Both participants in the , pro grams and exhibits and the audi ences who enjoy them are asked in the interests of the pure spirit of the country being considered, to forego the pseudo nationalistic and to adhere to that which is untouch ed by cross currents of eiflture. ‘‘We do not want the amalga mation, because we 'get it in daily life,” the co- ordinator of contacts explains. ‘‘We try for the unadul terated offering, both for the sake of evaluating and acknowledging it.” “The Christian Science Monitor, Boston.” 