Building Racial Unity Among Chil< Of Foreign-Born In The United St; A1 A TIME WHEN A POSITIVE EVALUTION OF THE RE F L <» EE IMMIGRATION THE PRESERVATION & STRENGTHEN CUrTUKVL TRADITIONS, AND AN INSPHiED EDUCA TION OF OUR YOUTH TAKE AN IMPORTANT PEACE IN THE CONSIDERATIONS OF OUR COMMUNITY, THE PUBLICATION OF THE FOLLOWING ARTICLE WHICH RECENTLY' APPEAR AMERICAN PAPER WILL CERTAINLY BE to1™*™ OUR KEAUERS. IT WILL ADD NEW FUEL TO OUR THOUGHT AND ENRICH OUR EXPERIENCE, The Editor. Santo Barbara, Calif. In this day when unity 'among nationalities and races is much sought after, but seems sometimes elusive and far from realisation by the great governments, the Santa Barbara city schools have been carrying on a project called “Com munity Cultural Studies’’. This title in itself suggests no interna tional import, but it has back of it nevertheless an idea that edu cators and laymen believe is doing more than some “green tables” to bring the goal of unity nearer. Under the supervision of the City Superintendent of Schools the project has related in all school levels a study of countries of the world with class members of fore ign descent and their families, and with friends and countrymen in the community. This project has been going on for several years, and Stanford University, through its school of education, has watch ed it with great interest. AT LEAST 40 NATIONALITIES Tony Minotto, Jose Garcia, Toi Lung, Axel Hansen, Patrick O’Hara, and Johnny Jones all un-, derstand one another' better here in Santa Barbara because of Com munity Cultural Studies. So do their parents. There are at least 40 nationalities and racial groups represented among Santa Barbara citizens. One educator whose work brings her constantly in touch with the foreign-born cited a lessening of strain and of a fear of being under suspicion on the .part of Italian parents and their children, direct ly attributable, she said to the Community Cultural Studies. When asked if she could sum. up the most important results of the project so far,' said she is glad to see that it has “dignified each cultural group in the eyest of its own community.’ She was parti cularly happy over the effect on the second-generation. She has seen proof that the child born in this country of fore ign parents has been reassured by this genuine tribute to his ances tral background and the acknowl edgement by an American educa tional system that his parents possess advantages to be shared in the interests of education. Maybe the advantage is repre sented by an old Paisley shawl and some silver, a set of bagpipes an old Danish copper pot, a piece of pewter or some Philippine em broidery, which up to that time the child might have regarded with disapproval—even intense dislike—because symbolic of what made him “different” from Amer icans. “Mutual confidence and regard through these actual understand ings,’’ Mrs. Kittrell predicts, “will strengthen the bond of union which • is the basis of our demo cracy and the hope of our times.” TWELVE SUBJECTS So far. China, Scandinavia, Ita ly, the British Isles, early Amer ica, the Philippines and Hawaii, Latin America, including Mexico: Canada, the American Negro and early California have been studied. “Our American society,” says Mrs. Kittrell, “is a changing thing modified continually by the fusion of cultures.” She believes it is impossible to understand this composite culture without some appreciation of the contribution of all the racial and nationalistic groups pouring their riches into the common treasury. As originally conceived the Com munity Cultural Studies purposed “to illumine classroom study of countries with the objective of mutual understanding within the community, and they proposed to do this by means of personal con tacts with living representatives and by means of exhibits of na tive treasures of art, utility and I the crafts, and programs based I uppn these. I Many school systems, have used resources like these in various j ways, but the departure in the i Santa Barbara system was that , the board of education, authorised the assignment of a teacher to con tinuous service in securing con tacts, with a view to obtaining authentic contributions from mem bers of the group to be studied. The Santa Barbara system was fortunate in. having a staff mem I ber like Mrs. Kittrell available. She has a natural love of peoples and their music, arts, and ways of life. She regards herself as an ambassador of ff00l, . work of establishing ^ invariably co-oj ‘‘I fj?d that foreigj when they finally undej they are being asked 4 thing for American edul their children, invariabl operate,” she says 1 Both participants ini grams and exhibits and! ences who enjoy them I in the interests of the I of the country being CoiS forego the pseudo nation! to adhere to that which f ed by cross currents ofi “We do not want thl mation, because we get I life, the co-ordinator ol explains, “We try for th terated offering, both fni of evaluating and ac'u it.” “The Christian < Monitor, Boston 