THE GIANT BRAINS BEHIND AMERICA'S WAR DRIVE Reprint from '.'-Tit-Bits," London U.S.A. Correspondent.) Forty-one years ago a young Danish emigrant "" landed in the United Stateswlth£6 in his poc ket, and took a job as a riveter In a New York'shipyard -at a wage of 7/6 a day, which he aug mented by doing! boxing as a side line. The emigrant lad had got on so well that by 1933 his salary as head of one of America's largest motor companies was 325,000 dols. , a year — or the',! equivalent of £65,000 a year. ;'£ When Americans;).reeently read in their newspapers, "Production of mili tary equipment in overwhelming liood is in sight," they sii'd "Bill Knudsen has done it again.". William Knudsen, v'the Great Dane" and America's Dick; Whittiugton, has been "doing it again" ever since be left his native Denmark to seek fame and "fortune in the ? New World and landed, one morning in 1900. at New York. . . The man who Is. to day handling the world's No. .3 job, and who hates Hitler as much asSHitler hates, him, was then known asySignius Wilkelm . Poul Knudsen. He- ;got a job on the Harlem River shipyards at New York at 7/6 a , day. Thetboss liked the bur ly Danish bpy, standing . 6. feet 3 in ches in his sock's; 'jbiit. couldn't be .bpyhered avritingrAjvjiall;;. those .. inl-: , tlals". """"" "While you're working for .. us, Buddy, your name here is William — or Bill for short," said the . boss. And William S. Knlidsen is still "Bill'' to all America, from President Roose velt downwards. _ Took up Boxing to Eke Out His Wages Born in Copenhagen sixty-one years ago, America's "speed-up wizard" was trained as a bicycle mechanic. Upon arrival in the United States he work ed in shipyards as a boiler riveter, in steel mills, factories, and any oth er job that was going. After two years as a riveter he found a job in a factory manufacturing bicycle parts at Buffalo. A year later he was made foreman, then an inspector, and eventually assistant superintendent in charge of 1200 workers at a salary of £80 a month. It was tough to. keep your looting those days, but Knudsen had what it takes. In his spare time he went in for boxing to raise a few extra dollars —never guessing in the days when i l - ,1 AiG lAnn.1 ol it frcrnvc tVlflt itilUUlhCU U"' »wv»»i the time would come when he would .be billed all over the world as the No. 3 challenger in the grand all-out world championship contest against a German flyweight named Adolf Schicklgruber! But that's the job His tory reserved tor Bill Knudsen. To day, with the United 'States just reach ing the mass-production stage in its armaments drive, Knudsen is all set to knock-out Hitler for the couut. But before America's Dick Whitting- tpn reached this apex of a fairy-tale life-story he had stacked up a career which dazzles even Americans. A great engineer who understands what makes any wheels go round, by 1913 he already held a high position in the Ford Motor Plant, and there helped to turn out munitions in the last war. By the end of the World War, Knudsen had become Henry 'Ford's right-hand mail at £10,000 a year. The Chevrolet Motor Company bought him up and made him produc tion manager. Then things began to happen. And the President Called Him Bill. in the year before Knudsen joined Chevrolet they turned out 76,000 cars. The first year that Knudsen iwas In control of production the number climbed to 240,000; during the sec ond year of the Knudsen regime, to -180,000. In this third year Knudsen turned out 750,000 cars, and four years after joining the company lie pushed production over the million mark, It Is reported that during those years of sensational suo'cess, Knud sen continued his life-long habit ol wearing his hut at ills deck, on the theory that he thinks better that way, while his colleagues declare that the one speech lie ever made— at a meet ing of Chevrolet salesmen — consisted of' a single sentence: 'Boys, please help me to sell as many cars us Ford." Still smiling the -big smile which was the most important baggage he brought from Denmark, the immigrant who landed in 1900 with £6 to his name was thirty-three years later, one of the thirty-eight highest-paid salaried Americans. That was before the Berlin flop house punk got busy, inarched his troops into Knudsen's native Copen hagen, turned Europe into a slave -plantation — and, incidentally, became "ruler" of William Knudsen's two sis- -ters, who are still in Denmark. Last year, when President Roose velt decided that America must be come the arsenal of democracy, and created the "Office of Production Man agement" to handle tiie biggest shop ping spree in recorded history, Wil liam Knudsen was the man -he sent for to do the "shopping". Knudsen took the job, saying, "I had to. The President called me Bill." His 'One Dollar a Year! This Is haw the "New Yorker" de- scribed the meeting, between the Pre sident, who had decided on ail-out aid for Britain, and the man who 'was go ing to see the aid was produced: "The next day Knudsen, saw Roose velt at the White House. "'The' '.two men were freely photographed for the papers and newsreels, shaking iiauds and smiling at each, other, ; Knudsen- bowimM>-nr"',"--''la!f- -»«yv--C- UKT'World mannerisms he has retain ed. Knudsen is a hulking, giant, six feet three, wide-chested, with im mense sloping shoulders; he has the hands of a boilermaker; his muscles bulge through his clothes.. He is square-headed, with a pink face,' grey hair, and blue eyes set wide apart and wrinkling up In crow-s'feet when he smiles. "Posing with Roosevelt, he smiled his broadest smile. When reading something for the benefit of the photographers, he put a pair of pince- nez attached to a black ribbon on his generously proportioned nose, which made him look like a scholarly sort, of bear. As soon as the photograph ers had gone, the two men got down to business. 'Mr. President,' Knudsen began, 'who is to be the boss of this commission?' 'I am,' Roosevelt an swered hastily. 'That's all right, that's all right,' said Knudsen. 1 just want ed to know.' " So Knudsen took the job of spend ing at least forty billion dollars in all. His salary is one dollar a year! A Whirlwind Campaign. President Roosevelt informed demo cracy's new production chief that to save civilisation he would have to get American Industry to turn out 50,000 wurplunes, a first order of 19,000 tanks and unlimited quantltes of all the complicated weapons of modern war en land, on sea-, and in the air. Asked, "Can you build 50,000 war- planes?" William Knudsen replied'- : "I can't,, but America can." That was twelve months ago. In that period more than 100 vast new wai' plants have been constructed (most of them months ahead of .sche dule, and t some have beeu built, equipped, and working within three months of the job being started), and 30,000 large American "factories and tens' of thousands of smaller firms have been switched over from peace to war production. To give one concrete example of what America has been doing -while Britain holds the front lines, in the single city of Chicago 3000 factories are working on contracts placed by Mr. Knudsen's office- — representing a 50 per cent, increase on Chicago's war output in tiie last war. To-day, when American production is the hope of civilisation and the de cisive stage of the war has arrived, all limits have been removed and Mr, Knudsen's pffice is placing contracts for more and ever more war material with every factory in the United States able to handle the work. A whole range of new war plants are -being planned and will be construct ed as speedily as possible. Bill Knudsen has never been afraid of anybody in his life, and he is not afraid of Hitler. To him, the Idea that Britain and America;' together ' controlling -IS per cent, of the -world's industrial capa city, cannot lick a Germany which, to gether with all occupied Europe, controls only 24 per cent, of the world's total industrial capacity, is nonsense. As for the personal aspect of his. job, Bill Knudsen is a humorist. I-Ie said the other day: "I am getting on in the world. When 1 first landed in the United States I got a wage of 1-9 Uol. a week. Now I amgetting 1 dot. a year." He feels that everything lie has be come is due to the United States, of which country he became a citizen in 1911, and he is repaying the debt by tackling a job so vast that it would put a smaller man under the table. In America they say that If Hitler intends to win this war, just as soon as Adolf has defeated .Churchill and Roosevelt he had better s.trip to the waist and take on Bill Knudsen, the slugger! And I warn the vegetarian 'gorilla that he will find Knudsen still nippy on his toes at sixty-one years of age. Hitler is fifty-two. Industry': Ql iosr Never It is tjiuuiu of the United States that the man who is, under President Roosevelt, , the ' industrial 'dictator of the world's greatest industrial State, who has just ordered a campaign to collect 300,00-0,000 lbs. of aluminium pots and pans from American kitch ens to melt down for use in building aeroplanes, and threatens American not wear uniform isn't saluted by any one, and dislikes both making speeches and being seen in' public. He is so rarely seen in public that the man everybody knows by name could walk from end to end of New York without being recognised. Knudsen isn't the type that stands on the tops of mountains' dreaming, or poses for his picture. He is just a regular. American guy who' under stands machinery and speeding, up production and beating Hitler. And when he gets a chance to take an. evening away from his office at Wash ington, a rare event now he goes back to his home and plays the accordion. In fact, William Knudsen, the un crowned' emperor of the greatest in- , dustrial set-up on earth and the man ' who is in charge of making the tools of victory for England, is such a slm- .ple soiil' that he rarely speaks more ;'than one sentence to anyone, and j signs his letters simply "Knudsen". N But, in spite of all his shyness and \ simplicity, those who have seen him handing out war contracts for tens or millions of dollars figure that William S. Knudsen is worth more than 1 dol. a year to Uncle Sam and John Bull. Say 2 dol. a year at least! 