impressive Meeting ffllfesst© T@ Sweden and Denmark Liking tribute was paid Scandinavian countries and Sweden at a L in the Samuel Mey jll( on Sunday, Dec. 12, arranged by the Vic. '{Organisation. | of honour were the Con- . fsweden, Mr. Pihl, the Spi tcader of the Swedish, [ity here, the Rev. 'RpcLj ulst, and a representative Danish Coiisul, Mrs. Man ^ Magnus Lagerlof, . Dr. t, and Professor' A. R. Ichairman, Dr. A. L. Patkin, | the importance ,' of the, U these two small demo ffho defied the anger of hordes -and offered pro nto Jews. [fre an old people, we are ; thousand years old,' and jlong memories,’' “We may four enemies, we may need to forgive German be but we shall never forget ids, Denmark and Swe *atkin then welcomed the and introduced the speak Ireta Hort of the Women’s Melbourne, gave an ini address on “The Jews in their contribution to Culture,” she said, “In so The Jews in Denmark’ ion any special contribu Danish culture, they have as Danes and in virtue of ikground of foreign lands r as they have given it as ley have given it as mem the Mosaitic Community l King Christian X only iFrederick Vi’s, conviction said ‘I have only one kind icts—Danes.’ ibr. H. Freedman applaud iction of these two demo who so stoutly defied the .of/'the greatest and most ul|us military might so i’its cities and life, and l a haven for Jewish re Savje no Jewish problem, said the King of Sweden wher* the demand was being made for his co-operation.in the inhuman racial ■ discrimination activity. | professor Chisholm touched on the fallacy of racial theories es pecially as accepted by the Ger mans who were, it was very well known; a very mixed race. “One of the greatest dangers to humanity i during the war, were,” he said, j “the loss of human values in life j in general.” “As a realist, I know we have to depend on material /values—but surely as a means to an end, not as an end in itself. It was a saving grace that during | wars, in periods of the greatest stress, a most significant gesture was made by someone—during the last war, Belgium’s gallant stand against the Germans, was out standing, now, Denmark and Swe den had stood up against over- j powering odds and, made a gesture of humanity as well as a gesture of defiance. So long as people could still say “No,'’ there might still be some hope. • Mr. Salomon speaking in. Yiddish said:— “Although in actual figures — 4,000 does not seem a large num ber, these figures will nevertheless be printed in letters of gold in the , history of humanity. Non-Jewish Historians will record that during a period of savagery so terrible, that it was not even comparable with that of Attila., when it seemed that Europe had lost sight of all that was human, when all human instincts seemed to have lost them selves in the cataclysm of blood and enslavement—one little neut ral democracy—a country, small in numbers, suddenly through strength of will, a strong feeling of humanity declared itself at great risk to itself, a champion of humanity. Jewish historians will record that at that period came the flash- like a beacon of light— .4,000—a tremendous figure in comparison with others 4,000 Jews had been rescued given haven in Sweden. Doubly welcomed was this act on behalf of Denmark and Sweden —as it occurred almost on the an niversary of the Historic declara tion on Dec. 17, 1942, when—for the first time during the three years of war—the Jewish People were mentioned in conjunction with the horrors at the hands of the Germans. As a result of this Declaration all kinds of action were expected by the Jewish people against the recurrence of these horrors. But nothing was done. True, for the first time in British History—the British House of Commons stood for two minutes silence in recognition of the suf ferings of the Jews', but this De claration, like the Balfour Decla ration which is now overshadowed by the White Paper of 1939 — seemed to be without substance—' it too, seemed to have become haunted by a White Paper spirit. Sweden and Denmark proved how tragic and unjust was the decision of the Bermuda Confer ence. They, the peoples of Den mark and Sweden, with us Jews point to the guilt of those who could, and can save the remnants of Jews in Europe, and neither did, nor as yet do anything of con- , sequence in this direction. * The doors of all countries, Allied i and neutral must be opened for escaping Jews, and this very knowledge will intensify the will and desire to escape. Most especially, the doors of Palestine must be opened for free immigration. There, Jews are ac cepted not as refugees but as bro thers, Dr. Temple the Archbishop of Canterbury said: “We all stand before the bar of history, humanity and God.” History demands our reply. With all our hearts we thank and applaud the noble people and their governments of Denmark and Sweden—i-we are thanking them, and at the same time call upon other and additional friends and rescuers. Mr. A. Masel, President of the Zionist Federation of Australia and New Zealand, then read the resolution thanking the Govern ments and People of Denmark and Sweden and asking the Govern ment of the United Nations that the doors of Palestine be kept open Mr. Pihl thanked the speakers on behalf of his countrymen for their expression of good will. A splendid programme of Scan dinavian ' music arranged by Miss Linda Phillips was then given.. Miss Phillips was at the piano, Mr. Hyman Lenzer played the violin and Miss Sylvia Fisher (soprano) sang. The programme included works by Grieg, Kuhlau, Sj^rgren, H. Ruyg, M. Lagerlof. 