Impressive Meeting in Melbourne Tribute To Sweden and Denmark A striking tribute was paid to the Scandinavian countries Denmark and Sweden at a Meeting in the Samuel Mey ers Hall, on Sunday, Dec. 13, 1943, arranged by the Vic. Zionist Organisation. Guests of honour were the Con sul for Sweden, Mr. Pihl, the Spi ritual Leader of the Swedish Community here, the Rev. Rut! Stjerncjuist, and a representative of the Danish Consul, Mrs. Man niche, Mr. Magnus Lagerlof, Dr. Greta Hort, and Professor A. R. Chisholm. The Chairman, Dr. A. L. Patkin stressed the importance of the action of these two small demo cracies, who defied ' the anger of the Nazi hordes and offered pro tection to Jews. “We are/ an old people, we are over two thousand years old, and we have long memories,” “We may forgive our enemies, we may need centuries to forgive German be stiality ,but we shall never forget our friends, Denmark and Swe den.” Dr. Patkin then welcomed the visitors and introduced the speak ers. Dr. Greta Hort of the Women’s College, Melbourne, gave an im pressive address on “The Jews in Denmark, their contribution to Danish Culture,” she said, “In so far as ‘The Jews in Denmark’ have given any special contribu tion to Danish culture, they have given it as Danes and in virtue of their background of foreign lands in so far as they have given it as Jews, they have given it as mem bers of the Mosaitic Community of Faith. King Christian X only repeated Frederick Vi’s conviction when he said ‘I have only one kind of subjects—Danes.’ Rabbi Dr. H. Freedman applaud ed the action of these two demo cracies, who so stoutly defied the dictates* of the greatest and most unscrupulous military might so close to its cities and life, and pibvided a haven for Jewish re fugees. “We have no Jewish problem,” said the King of Sweden when the demand was being made for his co-operation in the inhuman racial u discrimination activity. Professor Chisholm touched on the fallacy of racial theories es pecially as accepted by the Ger mans who were, it was very jvell known, a very mixed^race. “One of the greatest dangers to humanity during the war, were,” he said, “the loss of human values in life in general.” “As a realist, I know we have to depend on material values—but surely as a means to an end, not as an end in itself. It was a saving griace that during wars, in periods of the greatest stress, a most significant gesture was made by someone—during the last war, Belgium’s gallant stand against the Germans, was out standing, now, Denmark and Swe den had stood up against over powering odds and made a gesture of humanity as well as a gesture of defiance. So long as people could still say “No,” there might still be some hope. * . Mr. Salomon speaking in Yiddish said:— “Although in actual figures — 4,000 does not seem a large num ber, these figures will nevertheless be printed in letters of gold in the history of humanity. Non-Jewish Historians will record that during a period of savagery so terrible, that it was not even comparable with that of Attila, when it seemed that Europe had lost sight of all that was human, when all human instincts seemed to have lost them selves in the cataclysm of blood and enslavement—one little neut ral democracy—a country, small in numbers, suddenly through strength of will, a strong feeling of humanity declared itself at great risk to itself, a champion of humanity. Jewish historians will record that at that period came the flash-like a beacon of light— 4,000_a tremendous figure in comparison with Patria, Struma and existing possibilities of rescue in the Lands of United Nations— 4,000 Jews had been rescued given haven in Sweden. Doubly welcomed was this act on behalf of Denmark and Sweden —as it occurred almost on the an niversary of the Historic declara tion on Dec. 17, 194 2, when—for the first time during the three ' years of war—-the Jetvish People were mentioned in conjunction with the horrors at the hands of the Germans. As a result of this , Declaration all kinds of action j were expected by the Jewish people | 1 against the recurrence of these | horrors. But nothing was done. True, for the first time in1 British History—the British House of Commons stood for two minutes silence in recognition of the suf ferings of‘the Jews, but this De claration, like the Balfour Decla ration which is now overshadowed by the White Paper of 1939 — seemed to be without substance— it too, seemed to have become haunted by a'White Paper spirit. Sweden and Denmark proved how tragic and unjust was the decision of the Bermuda Confer ence. They, the peoples of Den mark and Sweden, with us Jews point to the guilt of those who could, and can save the remnants of Jews in Europe, and neither did, nor as yet do anything of con sequence in this direction. The doors of all countries, Allied.! and neutral must be opened for escaping Jews, and this very knowledge will intensify the will and desire to escape. Most especially, the doors , of Palestine must he opened for free immigration. There, Jews are ac cepted not as refugees but aS; bro thers, Dr. Temple the Archbishop of Canterbury said: “We all stand, before the bar of history, humanity and God.” History demands our reply. With all our hearts we thank and applaud the noble people and their governments of Denmark and Sweden—we are thanking them, and at the same time call upon other and additional friends arid rescuers. Mr. A.. Masel, President of the, Zionist Federation of Australia and New Zealand, then read the resolution thanking the Govern ments and People of Denmark and Sweden and asking the Govem t ment of the United Nations that the doors of Palestine be kept open Mr. Pihl thanked the speakers on behalf of his countrymen for their expression of good will. A splendid programme of Scan dinavian music arranged by Miss !Linda Phillips was then given.. Miss Phillips was at the piano, Mr. Hyman Lenzer played the violin and Miss Sylvia Fisiher (soprano) sang. The programme included works by Grieg, Kuhlau, Sjorgren, H. Rung, M. Lagerlof. 