BRIEF' NEWS' ITEMSrtb TAKSITV PLAN FOB SOLDIERS: University training; for those dls larged from the services and reaerra Uons at universities for 1944 were dis cussed at a conference of vicechan cellor of Australian Universities and members ot the Universities Commis sion in Sydney. Consideration also was riven to the need for more students In suet] courses as veterinary science, agriculture, engineering, and dentis try. Th* number of reservations for students In Australian Universities tn 1S44 probably will be announced next week. The Government already has stated that limitation of the number ?nterlng the universities will be con tinued. The chairman of the Universi ties Commission (Professor H. C. Mills) said that the Arst objective of the con ference had been to discuss the pro visions or faculties in universities, in cluding the development of special course* for discharged members of the services. The conference agreed that the vice-chancellors should take back to their universities the plan for the education of these students and should determine how the counes and facili ties could be extended to each State. KAAJLF. GBOCND CHEWS OVERSEAS: The Minister for Air, Mr. Drakeford, said in Tasmania) that there was no foundation for the report that H.A.A.F. ground-- crew, abroad were entitled to return to Australia after tw0 years' oversees by making application. Borne men had been brought back, he said, but there never was any arrangement under which men could get back - in the manner suggested. Consideration was being given to the 'question of a roster scheme under which numbers or men might be returned, but the matter was one of considerable complexity, and no general -withdrawal was contem plated. There had been no arrange ment under the Empire Air Scheme for the right of return after a specific term of service, said Mr. Drakefcrd. GERMANS LOOTING OOCCTMED LANDS.- The Nazis have begun requisi tioning furniture and other house hold goods in the occupied countries for use by bombed-out families In Germany, says the 'New Tork Times' correspondent At the same time, families in German decupled territories are belnfr unceremoniously dispossessed and replaced by Germans. For example, in Denmark the Germane recently requisitioned So villas and 100 small farms at Esbjera; and Jutland for the duration of the war, leaving the Danish authorities to aolve the problem of finding' new homes for the dispossessed Danes. The Nazie are also shipping to Germany Danish army material, Including arms, munitions, trucks, motor cars, and hones, EQUALITY FOB CHINA IN PEACE: The United Press Chungking, correspondent says the Vioe-Hlnister for Foreign Affaire (Dr. K. C. Wu), commenting on 6tnator Chandler's let ter In the 'London Dally Telegraph,' alleging Mr. Churchill opposes equality for China in the peace negotiations, said:. 'If a lasting peace is to be main tained after the war, then must be closer co-operation among the big four United Nations, meaning, not only Britain, America, and Russia, but also China.' The United Press says that In formed Government circles express in dignation at Mr. Churchill's reported attitude. A. W. C. OPERATIONS: A report Issued by the Minister (or the. Inter ior states works carried out by the A.W.C. In Queensland up to June last Included 1820 miles of highways and 600 miles of lateral roads to the coast. The total amount spent on road build ing was £4,860.000 and about 6000 men were engaged. The greatest single Item was the Inland Defence Road, stretching 875 miles, mostly through undeveloped country. It cost £2,170,000. There were 34 bridges and 1,100,000 tons of gravel were used. Prom the Inception ot the A.W.C. In February, 1842, until last June, over 118,000,000 had been spent on capital works In Queensland. 17.6. BAILWAY STEIKE BALLOT: Fifteen non- operating railway unions are to .conduct A .strike, ballot among their 1,100,000 members. A similar bat lot was held recently among 360,000 operating unionists. A spokesman for' the non-operating unionists said that this AntJnn hnd bacnm* necessary be cause of the unwilling-ness of Presi dent Roosevelt, Mr. Byrnes. Director or the Office or War Mobilisation, and Mr. Vinson, Director of Economic Stabilisation, to approve an agreement between the railroad companies and the unions, granting an increase of eight cents an hour. 'SHERLOCK HOLMES': There has been some controversy regarding the Identity.- of Sir A. Conan Doyle's famous character, Bnerlock Holmes — whether Holmes was. baaed on Dr. Benn, Edinburgh University, or the strange Dr. Dudd, or was merely rooted In the Influence of Edgar Allan Poe. Doyle'a son, Adrian, In a letter to the 'Times', says: 'The fact Is my father himself -was Sherlock Holmes.' Adrian refer* to his father's extra ordinary powers of perception and be said his father solved many problems that baffled the poUce. - ITALIAN WANTED 'MOJJTrB' JOB: How an Italian General wanted General Montgomery's job as Com mander of the Eighth Army was told by Osoeral Montgomery when Inform ally addressing service men In Cairo. After the Italian armistice, he said, an Italian general declared that, as Britain and Italy were now Allies, and be hid had longer service than Otneral Montgomery, he ihould take over his command. General Montgomery added, amid laughter: 'I called at the Gen eral* headquarters, and after giving him the correct drill, obtained his hearty co-operation.' CAB BKGtSTBATIONS RISING: Tne number of motor ears registered throughout Australia decreased from 662,271 (n June, 1039, to 400,676 In August, 1842, since when it has in creased steadily to 470,867 tn August, IMS. Queensland motor vehicle regis trations totalled 118,894 on September SO, Bn increue of W70 since, a year ago. There waa a net Increase of 7S7 registrations during September. WAGES IN BRITISH AOBICCL TUBE: The British Agricultural Wages Board decided to Ax the national mini mum wage for men at 65/- «nd 40/ for -women, aged IB and over. The minimum wages for male Juveniles will t» 60/- aged 80 to 21, SO/- aged 19 to 20, and 61A aged 18 to 18. 48/- aged 17 to IB, 38/- aged 16 lo 17, 32/- aged IS to 16 and 28/- aged 14 to IB. CS. BBIDES IN AUSTBAUA: Aus tralian girls who have married VS. servicemen In Australia will not be barred from entering America If they have reasonable funds on their arrival. They are legally exempt from the U.S. Immigration quota system, which re strict* admissions from Australia -to 100 annually. This wu officially stated by the American Consulate In Mel bourne. About 1600 girls in New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland have married UB. servicemen alnce the arrival of the US, forces in Australia. An American serviceman who married an Australian girl waa able to execute a petition for the admittance of his wife into America. When 'the pettxm was approved by the United States Department of Justice, the subsequent procedure for the removal of the ser viceman's wife outside the immigra tion quota system would cot take more than three months. The law was that anyone without funds and likely to become a public charge was In admissible to America. If a serviceman was able to show that be could main tain his wife and she was In gbod health there waa normally no unusual difficulty In obtaining a visa for her. A.W.C. 'BUNGLING': Criticising what he termed 'bungling': by the Allied Works Council, the Carpenters' Union secretary (Mr. G. M. Daweon) said in Brisbane that SO building trade workers on a Brisbane project had no work to do for several days. They were given notice of transfer at 1.90 p.m. last Friday, but three hours later the order was vetoed. They were told to report back to the Jab, and that the transfer would take place on Tuesday, That day they were told to report back to their Job to await further directions. Mr. Dawson added that there was a shortage of building trade workers, and. it waa regrettable that their service* should be wasted. The Deputy-Director of Personnel 'Mr. 0. W. Lavater) said that the order for the transfer of the men was vetoed because tbe contractor amended his request for labour, It was not correct that the 80 men bad no work to do for several days. CLARK GABLE. HOLDS PRESS CONFERENCE: Hundreds of girl stenographers and clerks Jammed the corridors of the U.S. Army's huge pen tagon building aa Captain Clark Gable held his first Press conference since his return from active duty in England. Gable brought back a 60,000 foot colour aim depleting Fortress raids which will be edited In Hollywood. Discussing his experiences in five raids over France, Belgium, and Germany, Gable said: 'I waa scored, especially when tbe fighters got a little close. There Is no comparison between Holly wood wars and the real thing— when they are coming at you, you are not interested In your photographic value, or how you look.' Gable, who acted as emergency gunner, added: 'I do sot think I hit anything, but I shot at anything that came near.' JOURNALIST'S DEATH SCOOP: A prominent United States journalist, Charles Morgan, former City Editor of tbe 'Boston Herald,' decided to commit suicide because of depression, due to illness. Morgan placed his bead In a gas-oven and was beginning to feel drowsy, when he remembered that he had an Important task to do. Dragging himself to an old typewriter, he completed an excellent obituary notice of himself, with an Introduction dealing with his suicide. He then re turned to the oven and completed his last Job. The obituary was addressed to the 'Boston Hersld,' where he had worked for 24 years, and for which he had produced many other Journalistic scoops. WHOLESALE ORANGE PRICE INCREASED : The Commonwealth Prices Commissioner (Professor Cop land) has announced an increase in the wholesale price of oranges of S/ a bushel ease, to operate u from Wed nesday last. Maximum wholesale price will now be 28/- a ease, and the retail price will be determined by tbe cost Into store to the retailer, plus 28 per cent, or the existing celling prices of 3d/ an orange In capital eltles, and 3td. in the country, whichever Is the lower. Became most of tbe oranges coming forward now would be of the smaller varieties, tire Increase in the wholesale price win not necessitate any revision of retail celling prices. PHOTOGRAPHIC FILMS OON TBOLLED: The manufacture and sale of photographic films and caper and 35 m.m. and 16 mm. cinematograph film was brought under Federal con trol on Thursday as a preliminary to rationing supplies of photographic supplies to the public. Senator Keane said that supplies of raw materials for photographic worR had been cur tailed, and rationing had become necessary. In future, supplies dis tributed by manufacturers would be reduced, and retailers would be ex pected to allot supplies to their cus tomers on a proportionate basis of *CONaiTPBU1cTlON OF SMAd CRAFT: Development of amphibious operations north of Australia, and de mands for many thousands of auxili ary vessels and email craft for Aus tralian and Allied services have re sulted In h rearrangement of the direc tion of production of these vessel*. A new directorate of small craft con ttructlon lias been created within the Ministry of Munitions. The director will be Mr. F. T. Mcrrett. who for the past three years haa been engineering aSBle-ta-nt to the Director-General of Munitions, Mr. Eesington Lewis. Head quarter* of tho new directorate will be n Sydney. RETAIL PRICES IN BRISBANE: Retail prices In Brisbane at the end Of September were up 24.45 per cent on 1939 figures. A bulletin oC the Oov ornmect statistician shows that in 12 months sinoe last year the rise was 2.87 per cent. The effect of price stabilisation was apparent in a fall of .83 per cent In three months ended September 30 last. Food and groceries were down 3.01 per cent to 13fl8 p«T cent above 1939 levels, but clothing and footwear were up .07 per cent to 72.9S per cent above 1939. NOBMANDIE HANDED OVER TO NAVY: Floating on an even keel after an 18 months' salvage Job. the Nor mandle was officially handed over to the Navy for. shitting to a drydock where she will be refitted. The salvag ing cost 4,600,000 dollars, and the re fitting is estimated to 'cost an addi tions! 16,000,000. The navy refused to divulge when the vessel would be ready for use as a transport. 