B r ~J~~I~-~ Correspondents are asked to be brief. Signature and address must accompany each letter. The name should be included for publication wherever possible, but nom-de plumes may be used. Immigrants SIR-A paragraph in your paper hi jobs for Italians and your excellent leader.. of October 14 on the Italian situation, raise the question of filling Australia with Italians. The Scullln Government opened the door wide to. Southern Europeans, and thousands of Italians piled into our land. We have not forgotten their arrogance before the first year of the war with Italy. Our soldiers who fought in the Middle East speak bitterly of Italian treachery, and no one has forgotten the slaughter of the unarmed Abyssinians or the stabbing of France In the back. Many soldiers in Italy today refuse to forget past scores and fight as bro thers in arms with their recent enemy. Sixty years' observation in Australia and New Zealand shows that outside the British Isles the best migrants have been those of Danish, Norwegian, and Swedish nationalities. They are indus trious and peaceful. So are most Ger mans, if left to themselves, and they are patriotic in their adopted country. 'JOHN' DAVIDSON. South terrace, Adelaide, October 16. Children in Tramns SIR-Appearing in Adelaide tranms is the following notice:-"To the Children -You are carried at concession rates and are requested not to occupy seats to the exclu sion of adult passengers." This is. very unfair to parents, be cause It suggests that they should travel without their children, leaving them at home, with opportunity to roam the streets, if they feel so inclined. On the other hand, it gives the im pression that the Tramways Trust, which has prevlously given such out standing service, has now sunk to the level of grabbing as many adult fares as possible, irrespective of the comfort and safety of children, who are compelled to travel by tram. LORNA ELLERY. Stepney, October 15. Why Strike ? QIR-As a trade unionist for 43 years and as one who has been implicated in strikes in other parts of the world, may I put a. blunt question-Why strike? It seems to me that some have come into the trade unions in recent years not always with the object of helping forward the great principles of co-opera tion between employer and employe. They have shown no great respect for the veterans who gave untold effort, patience, courage, and self-sacrifice to overcome the great difficulties that had to be faced in the early days and who are now justly proud of the great struc ture that has been so painfully and laboriously built up. Today the path of duty is so plain that no man has any excuse for not entering upon it. The man who puts any stumbling block in the way of the progress of the war is undertaking a very grave responsibility. So why strike?i The boys who are doing the fighting today want to come back as early as possible to home and all they hold dear. Back up the nation's appeal to shorten the war and save the lives of your own folk. We want those brilliant boys back carrying on their great work in civilised society. Never mind any thing else now. Never mind your quarrels with employers. We must have the goods for victory. It really should not be necessary for Mr. Curtin to appeal to either employers or employes. Mr. Curtin has issued a grave and timely warning over the coal position. It is to be hoped that his warning will arouse public interest that more and more coal must be produced. This is the time for heart-searching and grim determination to achieve the utmost. JAMES D. EDEN. Kilkenny, October 17. Objectors S IR-I read in Friday's "News" \- of a conscientious objector who refused to work in a hospital where there were wounder sol diers. Isn't it time something was done about these men? Instead of helping our country, they are hindering it at every turn. Why should our boys fight for men like these? If I had my way, they would all be put Into camps with the German and Japanese internees. They are certainly no better. If they were in Germany, they would be put against a wall and shot. "FAIR GO." Parkside, October 17. 