[?] From W. D. MACKENZIE IN the last few decades there has been a marked decline in the rate of increase of the human race, a decline that has affected nearly all countries. xn jjTance tnis decline set in about 1870, and has grown increasingly serious, _ until, in 1942, the French population showed not a natural in crease but a natural decrease. For 20 or more years the British people have deplored the falling birth rate and general decadence of the French population, and have watched the U.S.S.R. and Japan, China, and India speed ahead on the stage of population, quite unaware of their own population trends. - Then, when the population of eastern and south eastern Asia began to press upon the resources available to them, Britain and Australia awoke to the population problems that loomed on the inter national horizon and developed a population-consciousness. Statisticians and students or popu lation pointed out the great contrasts in the western Pacific zone, and com pared the populations of Japan, China, and India with that of Australia. Various writers then accused the Australian people of following a "dog in the manger" policy, deplored our "selfish" White Australia policy, and urged that we should open our doors to the land-hungry Japanese. We were urged to give north Australia to the Japanese, but suggestions were not forthcoming a s to what the Jap anese "would do with the scanty re sources available. No race — white, yellow, black, or brown — will ever establish a subsis tence economy in northern Australia. In 1876-77 the Japanese Government emphatically refused an offer by South Australia for an extensive Japanese settlement in the Northern Territory. However, this does not mean that we have justified our present occupa tion of Australia. It is not to be denied that there are vast areas of desert and desert-marginal lands in Australia, and that Northern Austra lia is largely unproductive, and it is a fact that almost all of the suitable land has been settled. But we have still to carry out our duty of closer settlement. OUR desperate need of popu lation can be satisfied either by a marked increase in the birthrate or by large-scale im migration, or preferably by both methods. .Firstly, immigration: The Australian people are unfortunately prejudiced against even the best type of immi grants, and this feeling has tended to discourage, among others, British im migrants, who, it would seem, would be least disliked. Again, the popula tion of Britain will, in all probability, begin, to decline in 1945 if not before. Other "preferred" Europeans are Belgian, French, Dutch, Swiss, Danish, Norwegian and Swedish nationals, but no large-scale immigration by them is likely since they are themselves1 faced with declining birthrates. Any immigration of ex-enemy aliens is unlikely, due to public sentiment, and the White Australia policy bans all Asiatics. A number of southern European countries, including Spain, Italy, and Portugal, still show high rates of in crease, but these peoples are not al lowed to enter Australia in anything but very small numbers. If an increase in the birthrate is to be the method by which Austra lia's population is to be built up to; a satisfactory level (and unless the i White Australia Policy is relaxed r.nd 1 rather unsuitable and lower stan dard immigrants brought in it will have to be the method) . emphasis will have to be placed on the desirability of large families and the duty and honor of motherhood. Parents must be able to rear child ren in an atmosphere of decency, eco nomic security, and at a much better standard of living. Under these con ditions I feel that the desire for parenthood will assert itself fully and that our birthrate will rise to a satisfactory level. A very vigorous policy for the estab lishment of economic security for all the population, marriage loans or grants, substantial allowances for the rearing of children, and . a full national realisation of the danger of Australia's position must follow if the population of Australia is to survive and grow. Mr. Mackenzie is 18, and is study ing science at the University. He hopes, after he graduates, to do geographic re search, including work on popula tion trends. He is a son of Major and Mrs. M. R. Mackenzie; of Canberra, and lives at St. An drews College, Newtown. 