YOUTH ALIYAH, (Immigration) CAMPAIGN (ISSUED BY THE YOUTH ALIYAH COMMITTEE.) After an encouraging preliminary programme, which consisted of such features as the Henrietta Szold birthday party on December 21st, when Bishop Richer was the Guest Speaker, and many drawing room meetings at which considerable sums of money were raised, the Youth Aliyah Committee in Sydney o fficially opened its Campaign with a Dinner at the Maccabean { Hall on January 28th. . '' . The Federal President of Youth Aliyah in Australia, Mrs. Julius Stone, was in the chair and the guests of honour for the occasion were the Premier's representative, Mr. A. Landa, M.L.A., the Lord Mayor of Sydney, Alderman R. J. Bartley; Bishop Pilcher, and his Excellency, Dr. Gruszka, Minister Pleni potentiary to the Polish Government. Mrs. S. Wynn, Federal President of Wizo and Professor Stone were the principal speakers of the. evening. The Hon. the Premier of NjS'.W., W. J. McKell, was represented by Mr. A. lianda, M.L.A,, who expressed)' on behalf of the Bremier sympathy and interest in theYouthi Aliyah Cause, and wishes for a successful campaign. Mr Landa in adding h's personal support of the movement ? said: — 'The Youth Aliyah work should commemd itself to every member of the community.'1' He emphasised the wide humanitarian alppeal that it heid: the dire distress of the children from persecu ted countries and the urgent need 'for immediate action. The Right Hon. The Lord Mayor oi Sydney Alderman R. J. Bartley in wishing the Campaign every success : commended it to all citizens, nonJewish as well as Jewish for their support. He referred to the splendid war achievements by the Jewish Community and made reference to the generosity shown in the (building oj the Monash ,Hut through donations con tributed solely Iby the Jewish citizens of this city, for the use of all Australian ser vice men^ His Excellency, Dr. Sylvester Gruska, (Minister Pleniuotentiaryoifi the polish Gov ernment in Australia expressed hope this Campaign would give the children an op portunity to forget in their work the terrors of the past and spoke of the ad vantages offered them in Palestine. The Right Rev. Bishop Pilcher referred to the announcement in the press that before the Germans retreated from Tripoli they did not fail to take the opportunity to kill all the leading Jews. Thei.Jews .who remained in concentration camps, however, were immediatei released by the British Army which, he said, may be taken as a\ symbol of what) will be hap pening throughout the whole of Europe. 'The .birignt side of thds great disaster is that all the suffering is awakening at last a sympathy which wall express itself in action when the time 'comes. The leaders of the Church of England in England have been making public (protests on ibehalf of the Jewish people ;- they put forth a pub lic statement and appealed that places of refuge tie found for the homeless Jews. And I hope that the Government of Aus tralia offers its share of refuge to these .people.1' He referred to the Kimberley Wan. 'Modern Bishops do not only show interest in popular appeals but strength en the opinion oif public men. A great Cause like this — the Youth Aliyah— should have general support. I do most .devoutly hope that the cry of the chil dren will break down the difficulties fit entry for Jewish refugees into Palestine. I hope the Archbishops ant other leaders in England will do all possible to help the fulfilment of the Baltour Declaration. Mr, H- B. Newman, Joint Hon. Treas urer read messages, and telegrams ifirom abroad and interstate and state organisa tions. ' Professor Julius Stone idealt with the' number of suffering Jews in Nazi occu pied Europe. What will the world do with ?them? This unspeakaable catastrophe -calls t(H every man in the world. Jews have assumed their full share of respon sibility on all the fighting fronts and on the home ifronts, and in addition had lost 2,000,000 of their number in Nazioccu pied Europe. Hitler's crimes against the Jewish people were a challenge to all men. He expressed his belief that the United Nations would find asylum for some of the victims of these crimes The . Jewish people would assume their share in. this responsibility, fully and to the limit of their powers. He said 'We are gathered here to night to show our faith and assume our share in this: responsi bility, especially to the children, and I am sure that everyone present will answer the call.1' Mrs. S. Wynn, Federal President of Wizo in Australia said this was not the first time she had come to plead for the children; she (pleaded three years ago for the chil dren 'while there was yet time'; later when Poland had been overrun she asked, 'while there wasi yet time please help.' Both) times, said iMrs. Wynn, you gave me a good hearing, hut then I appealed only to the women, 2500 children have been saved since the war began and 8500 si '.oe the inception of the Youth Aliyah Movement. It is now; not too late to help the children who have escaped to Persia and a tew other neutral coun ? tries. The British Government oif Pales tine have given permission to (bring 1800 into Palestine. She explained what Pales tine will do and what hasi been done in Palestine in the co-operative settlement arid said that 18 per cent, of the iboys being of military age have enlisted in the fighting forces and 100 Youth Aliyah girls have joine'd the Palestinian auxiliary ser vices to help in the war effort. Palestine made her proud of her people Mrs. Wynn gave examplesi of the destitution of. the children. She (believed with Proessor Stone that the Jewish people will survive, that the people o;f Sydney will help and that the English people will ipunish the perpetrators of these terrifole crimes. She believed with Churchill who sai'd. that the Jews are in Palestine as a right and not on sufferance. Mrs. Wynn asked that we succour the living and give generously and before it is too late. Mr. S-. Steigrad, Joint Chairman of the Youth Aliyah Committee, who made a veryi .moving- appeal, said that tears and sympahty will not help He gave examples of German brutality which he could prove by documents and telegrams. The 'British Government is sympathetic towards the Youth Aliyah Movement and bad giver, certificates for entrance to Palestine be cause they did hot want the children to .be a burden on the community He hoped to ask the British Government for certi ficates for 250 children in the name of the 'City off Sydney. He spoke of the local organisations and individuals who were helping actively. There was alp plause when he announced' that the nwsr nificent sum of over £11.000 was reached. Mr. Saul Symonds thanket\ the speak ers. He referred to the qualities ?ri' th° Jews and said that this function was just the 'beginning of the Campaign. Captain Gerald de Vahl Davis also mentioned the virtues of the Jews, includ ing hospitality. He appreciated the sincer ity of the speakers and thanked the guest speakers, also the Chairman, Mrs. Julius Stone, President oif the Youth Aliyah Committee who so graciously and ably presided at the dinner. YOUTH ALIYAH ACTIVITIES On Wednesday evening 13th January, a highly successful drawingi'i-oom meeting was held at the home of Professor and Mrs Julius S.tone The guest speaker was Rabbi Max Schenk and in introducing him Mrs Stone President of the Youth Aliyah Committee. gave1 a short outline of the aims and scope of Youth Aliyah work. Rabbi Schenk then painted a vivid pic ture 04 the condition ofl children in the Jewish ghettoes in Poland as he had seen them when he had been there. Emancia ted, stunted „, cowed and broken, they seemed travesties of all that children were meant to be. He spoke too, of the parents of those children, parents whose only thought, whose only cry was, 'A certificate, a certificate for my child'' — the certificate which spelled life, for many children condemned to 'Me. Then he told of the children he had seen in Palestine, taken trom those dark places Iby Youth Aliyah when once the treasured certificate 'had been obtained and the guarantee money had ibeen found. In a little while they had learned again to tread thie earth ifreely, earth which (be longed to the Jewish people — to us an'd to them4 Those children now know that they had not been forgotten, as their parents had lived in the undying hope that their fellow-Jews in the free coun tries would not forget, the hope that had 'breathe1* life into Youth Aliyah. And; this; present Campaign was based on 1800 certificates; those blessed certi ficates which spelled 1800 lives saved — that is saved i!f the guarantee money was ?forthcoming, and that money was only to be obtained from us, the Jews who are yet free. He ended with a plea for the fullest sulpport for the Appeal being, launched. Professor Stone then took up the thread of the evening's a'ddresb, pointing out that to his mind, we must not regard our selves as .saving children, but rather if any of us held foack help that sacrifice could make available, then a 'child was condemned to perishi . Following1, the speakers, 'donations and promises of donations were handed to the President, everyone in the room of fering a contribution despite the fact that the group consisted only of a selected number of seven families, the pleasing sum of £450 was raised. One of the most Interesting, because unexpected of the gifts, was; a pledge from an American serviceman of £1 per month for as long as he was in Australia. During1 the sulpper the happy intimacy of the meeting was1 commented upon by many of the guests, and methods of 'furth ering the work of the campaign were dis cussed, many valuable suggestions being made, and offers of help -eing sponta neously given and: gladly accepted. , CORRESPONDENCE. »'-,' INTERNATIONAL MIGRATION SERVICE. 5 Hamilton Street, ? Sydney. 25th January, 1943. The Youth Aliyah Committee, . Sydney. Dear1 Madam, . Will you please accept my sincere good wishes and congratulations on the Youth Aliyah Campaign which your Com mittee is so enthusiastically organising. In my opinion you are planning a most necessary and important step towards ireal reconstruction (for you are undertak ing the vital task, offi giving somei of this sad generation of. children anidi youth a chance of freedom and opportunity. These last sad years have: robbed too, many children of a natural childhood' with its security that should be the inalienable right of every child. You and your Committee are going to do1 what you can to compensate as many children as you can ifor this loss. How imany children you can remove Prom misery to opportunitj- depends on us all. I hope, therefore, that your campaign' will succeed beyond your hopes Bor your cause could not be greater. With every good wishes, Tours sincerely; (Sgd.) AILEEN FITZPATRICK. ? * * * PRO-NAZI TAKES CONTROL IN DENMARK Jews Arrested The 'formation of a new government in Denmark by Scavenius, who is known as a pro Nazi^ (marks a turning point in tfcie country's history and a further step, towards its Naziflcation . Scavenius ia retputedi to be anti- Semitic, and is alleged to have been the chief advocate of the introduction of Jew-laws. But th'e oppos ition of King Christian and the Danish personnel prevalied. Already, since Scavenius took office, there are reports of mass arrests' ojf Jews-' and anti-Nazis. An alarming .development is the aip pointment of Dr. Werner Best,, a Hdmtmler man, as Nazi envoy in Copenhagen. It was Dr. Best wiho (declared recently, in a lecture to S.S. leaders: 'The Jewish question is the dynamite with which! we explore the forts where the last llberalist ' snipers have their nests. Peoples which abandon the Jews abandon thereby thteir former Jewiflied way of living1, with its false ideals of liberty. They can only then participate in our struggle for the .. new (Nazi) order..*' ? — ^^ - - - ? 