¡LETTERS TO THE EDITOR POPULATING AUSTRALIA I Sir.-The problem of populating Australia has recently been so widely discussed that it would seem unlikely that intelligent people should fail to realise the need for a revised and progressive immigration policy. It is hoped that British. ' Scandinavian. Danish, and Dutch people will migrate to this country after the war. How far this hope will be realised, however, and to what extent it will be neces- sary to turn to other white and, fail- ing this, coloured races, to implement the scheme has yet to be seen, It is here that T should like to dr ..' your attention to a group of people who will certainly respond mast eagerly to Australia's call. They arc the thous- ands of Jewish and non- Jewish people who, because of the fact that some of their ancestors were of Jewish descent, wore treated as outcasts. Homeless and Stateless, not prejudiced by an intense nationalism or an allegiance to some people or country, they would enthusiastically follow Australia's call and readily adapt and assimilate their customs and habits to those of the Australians, provided, of course which, by the way, applies to any type of immigrant-they will be met not with an air of benevolent toler- ance only as the rich might offer shelter to the poor, but with an un- reserved welcome as would be extended to a new member of the family. It will not do on the one hand to wish for an influx of large numbers of immigrants and to expect these immigrants, wherever they may have come from, to assimilate themselves Quickly and to become pood Australian citizens if on the other hand one is not prepared to grant them equal rights but continues discriminate. between Au«jtralian-born and natural- ised subjects by forbidding: them, for instance, the purchase of land, by barring them from the access to offices in the civil and military services, as well as excluding them from certain spheres of the economic life of the nation. ERNEST P. FRÖHLICH. Canberra, A.C.T. Sir.-No sane person will oppose the Idea, that Australia must have popu- lation-and rapidly. But your recent correspondents on this matter seem to approach the question with a good deal of sentimentality. America had an open door policy in immigration, and America has race riots. Far better to express your discrimination before the immigrant steps in. As to this much-publicised objection of our people to foreigners-granted we are insular. At the same time there is a psychological factor at work. Many of the people whom the ave- rage Australian cannot visualise as fitting into our scheme of things have come here from Germany. True, they are of Hebraic extraction, but they were bred in Germany and shaped by its cultural and educational influ- ences. Surely one must question the wisdom of throwing open a British country to people of German blood or background. Citizens of Scandina- vian. Latin, or Slav background-yes Germans-no. ADRIAN SUMMERS. Cremorne. 