MEETING PAYS TRIBUTE TO SWEDEN AND DENMARK “Gave Lead to the World BY OUR REPRESENTATIVE. At a meeting in the Samuel Meyera Hall on Sunday tribute was paid to the Governments and citizens of Denmark and SwedeiV for the cour ageous way in which they defied the Germans, and at great danger to themselves helped 4,000 Jewish vic tims to escape from Denmark. The Consul for Sweden, Mr. Pihl, Dr. Greta Hort, Professor A. R. Chis holm, Rabbi Dr. H. Freedman and! Mr. A. Salamon addressed the meeting, while Mrs. Manniche, rep-j resenting the Danish Consul,. the Rev. Rud. Stjernquist, the spiritual leader of the Swedish community, and Mr. Magnus Lagerlof were among those present. Mr. A. Pat kin, Chairman of the Victorian Zionist Organisation, which organised the meeting, was in the chair. INSTRUCTED TO PROTEST. Mr. Pihl, the Swedish Consul, said he had felt deeply what had been said about the Swedes and Sweden, and the D'anes and Denmark, which were two brother countries. He would be proud to convey the feeling of the audience to his country. On October 1 of this year, he continued, the Swedish representative in Berlin had been instructed to protest that the deportations of the Jews would not help the relations between the two countries, and to say that the Swedish Government was prepared to feed and clothe every Jew that would be deported. No official reply had been received, but from that time thousands had crossed to Swed en with the help of Danish fishermen and policemen, and been received and cared for by the Swedish govern-1 ment. They were also helping Nor wegian and Finnish children and although their help was limited to these four Scandinavian countries because of the blockade, the Swedes' believed in a brotherhood of human ity, not in a master race, and were trying to show this belief in a prac tical way to the limit of their re sources. They had a strongly felt duty to mend the souls of all inno cent people and to help them rebuild again after the war, he said. Professor Chisholm said that Den mark and Sweden had made a mag nificent gesture to the rest of the world; there could be no more shat tering refutation of the German racial lies than this action by the only countries (if there were any) which contain pure races. What better expression of International ism than to have the German racial theory quietly, courageously and completely laid waste by the two countries who could have had the greatest excuse to do nothing be cause of their proximity to the Ger man war machine. DANISH CULTURE. Dr. Greta Hort outlined the con tribution that Jews had made to Danish culture and the position of Danish Jewry, who are Danes living according to the Mosaic faith. She quoted King Christian, who said, “I have only one kind of subject — Danes/' and showed how Denmark had repeatedly refused to listen to German racial theories about the Jews. Rabbi Freedman said that Den mark and Sweden had lighted a path which the whole world would have to follow if we were to come out of the morass of racial bestial ity. Sweden, an island of neutral ity surrounded by a sea of war, had opened her doors to 6,000 escaping refugees, many of them Jews. While the great countries of the world had expressed sympathy, Sweden under the guns of Nazidom had opened her gates, and together with Denmark, had shown the way of hu manity, justice, equality and broth erly love. Mr. A. Salomon said thnt the figures “4000" would be written in letters of gold in the history of hu manity. At a time when there seemed to exist a conspiracy of silence on the part of the strong nations, the fact that Sweden gave a haves for 4,000 was a beacon of light. The people of Denmark and Sweden point, with the Jews, to the guilt of those who could save the remnants of European Jewry and who do nothing. While thanking | the people of Denmark and Sweden we call upon other rescuers and ' friends to do likewise, he concluded. RESOLUTION. Mr. A. Masel moved the follow ing resolution which was passed un animously: “This public meeting ex presses its deep gratitude to the Government and people of Sweden ! for their gallant and determined action in rescuing thousands of Jews from the murderous hands of the Nazis. It marks with profound ad miration the firm humanitarian stand the Government and people of Den mark have taken in their defiance of the Nazi criminal measures to de port the Jews of Denmark for exter mination in the eastern provinces of ■Nazi infested Europe/ These two small European democracies, Den mark and Sweden, have placed their moral duty towards humanity above the immediate interests of safety and security. With such deeds com mensurate with the greatness of the moment they have rendered a service not only to those whose lives were threatened by the German fir ing squads, but to the whole of the civilised world.” The resolution con tinued with a plea to the govern ments and peoples of the United Nations to emulate the noble example of Sweden and to use every means to rescue as many Jewish men, women and children from Europe, affirms the determination to continue to protest against the White Paper and urges the British Government to lift the threatened ban on immigration to Palestine and to invest the Jewish Agency with power and authority to bring as many Jews as can be res cued from the Hell of Nazi Europe into Palestine. A musical programme of Scandin avian music concluded the evening Miss Linda Phillips, Miss Sylvia Fisher and Mr. Hyman Lenzer were the artists, and included among the items was one composed by Mr. Magnus Lagerlof. Mr. Lagerlof, who was present at the meeting, is a Swedish patriot who has resided in Melbourne for 89 years. 