FOREIGN NEWS Gathering Storm Angry Danes seized girls who I continued to walk out with | German soldiers, stripped them, | slapped, swastikas on them, drove screeching through the streets oa - Copenhagen, Helsingfors, and Qdense, where Hans Christian Ander sen was born 138 years ago. At Esbjerg, on the Jutland coast — a forbidden zone,, heavily mined against invasion— the Germans or dered curfew after 10. Organised workers struck, shop keepers followed their lead, the banks closed, and the baking ovens were allowed to cool. .. Allied flags ap peared, waved, vanished, and appear ed again farther, down the street. The Danes skept impassive faces, continued to stare through approach ing Germans. After three days the baffled Kommandantur withdrew the curfew. ; -The violence spread. In Copen hagen men slipped into the Knudsen radiopart factory at night, did £153,000 worth of damage. Swedish reports told of 60 factories sabotaged. .At the ..Forum, Copenhagen's larg est .auditorium, where troops were quartered, helpful Danes trundled a large consignment . Of beer- cases into .the -hall. Minutes later the glass cupola blew off and the walls were punctured in several places. First Drops As resistance grew and re pression stiffened, the para chutes kept Danish spirits up. Air-raid sirens wailed on many August nights, but no bombs fell. In the morning Danes would find aban- J doned; parachutes in the field. Word spread rapidly that the British were repatriating the young men. who had fled to learn the sabo teur's trade. <One such young man was found crumpled in a Copenhagen garden, false papers, ration cards, and 30,000 kroner in his pocket. His parachute had failed. Downpour Sunday morning Copenhagen WTAlrn AVA rl O TYT1- 4A f V»A PAIIMrl of firing from the port. Denmark's tiny navy was commit ting suicide. Some were .trying to escape to Sweden, some were . scuttled by their' crews where they lay. German planes caught -and 'sank -at least -one that fled, but some reached Sweden. There was a skirmish at the Royal Barracks. Danes and Germans fell in a clash at the Amalienborg, where some of the royal family watched & waited. The battle was heard in Sweden, 20 miles across the Ore Sund. On their radios the Danes soon learned the reason: martial law was on. Gen. Hermann von Hanneken, Commander-in-Chief of German troops in Denmark, made the rules. He announced: Gatherings of more than five were prohibited; curfew would begin at ' sundown; use of telephones, telegraph and mails was prohibited; strikes were prohibited; troops would fire on offenders without more warning. After that the fog closed in, ob scuring events. German sentries paced outside Sor- genfri Castle, Christian X's summer residence near Copenhagen. Within, the Danes were told, sat an old man with time to think of the last three years and wonder. The king had said he would step down if the Cabinet yielded to Ger man demands. The members stood firm, were, like their king, in "protec tive custody." The military was in full command. Denmark, like the rest of the Festung Europa, was occupied terri tory. RUSSIA Bread, Toil, & Victory ff At night happy crowds surged through Moscow's streets. Fireworks tore the darkness to flaming shreds. Cannon roared a 20-gun salute. Silent for months, anti-aircraft guns traced fiery zig-zags across the sky. Red Square was ablaze with light. Thus last week the capital of em battled Russia celebrated the capture of Kharkov. Thus, too, Russia let off some of the strain accumulated through two yqars of blood, tears, broken hopes, cruel disappointments. The celebration was a safety-valve. Confident of triumph, Russia's lead ers were allowing the people to re lax for a night, to laugh, to inhale the sweet air of victory. Our Daffy Bread But even in the inebriation of .success, Russia's little man could not forget the harshness of his daily life. When he thought of victory, he also thought of Hlyeb (bread susten ance). For in Russia today the sharp pangs of hunger come as regu larly as the dawn. An average Russian lives on less than 21b. of food a day, half of it in black bread. The balance, is com pounded of 5oz. potatoes, ' 4oz. cab bage, 3oz. cereals, 2oz. meat or fish. Sugar is rare, butter almost unob tainable. When lend-lease lard reached Moscow the housewives thought it roo precious for cooking, used it as a bread spread. Though in the last eight weeks the Red Army has recaptured countless acres of rich wheatland its bulk- still remains in enemy hands. Not until 1944-, and perhaps later, will the little man's dinner-pail be well filled. To meet the crisis Russia has turned to victory gardens with a ven geance. This summer 10,000,000 people are tilling 2,500,000 acres of such gardens in a desperate race with hunger. In the Urals every major munition plant owns a victory garden, whose produce is turned into the community kettle. Many a factory pickles its own cucumbers, salts its own. cab bage in huge concrete vats. Lenin grad City Council has gone into pre serving on a city-wide scale. But the victory gardens, no less than Russia's farmlands, cry for seed. Especially acute is the problem in the recaptured territory swept clean of food ana seed by the retreating Nazis. Today all over Free Russia bloom "Acres of Friendship." The seed from these is the free farmer's gift to his newly-liberated brethren. This summer 15,000,000 families in Russia have had their first taste of Idaho peas, New Jersey tomatoes, Oregon onions, Michigan beef. Planted on 500,000 acres of Russian soil, the seed was the gift of US farmers and seedgrowers, through Russian War Relief Inc. For some of this seed this is a native's return, for Red Turkey wheat and Kherson oats were first brought to America's Middle West by immi grants from the Ukraine. The Way of Life Never high, Russia's living standards today touch rock bottom. Hunger and overwork are bad enough. But the Russian has to cope with shortages of nearly every item of daily use from frying pans to buttons, and pencils. Russia's leaders know that scarcity is laden with political dynamite. An elaborate system has been created to watch over living, conditions. But the watchdogs themselves are subject to stern punishment if things do not go well. For a "heartlessly bureaucratic" attitude, many a plant manager has been given a stiff jail term. For this attitude, too, the Commis sar of Social Maintenance of one of the Soviet Union Republics has been tossed out of her job. Long Wait for Banya "Trade union officials " anxiously cried Pravda, "read ily make flowery speeches at meetings. "But they are too busy to look after kitchens and community din ing-rooms. "Of what good is a factory com mittee chairman who calmly watches long queues at dihing-rooms without realising that time is a weapon? Of what good is an official who is not interested in the efficiency of the bath-houses, laundries, barber-shops, and clinics at his factory?" In the city of Ryazan, a factory dormitory last May proudly an nounced the acquisition of a change of bed linen. Kirov lacks laundries. In the new lend-rush towns in the .Urals workers wait. for weeks to get into the Banya, the bath-house so dear to the heart of every Russian. In Moscow, where thousands toil on night shifts, no street-cars run at night for lack of electric power. But in contrast, the Russians point to Ivanov, where 70,000 citizens walked into the streets one morning to give the town a thorough scrubbing. And, rhapsodically, Russia talks of Lenin grad, whose scarred sidewalks today are carefully swept by white-aproned janitors, where the flowerbeds are pleasant, where "We-Press-Your- Pants - Wh il e -U- Wait" shops are open once again, where the corner kiosk sells fruit punch. !n Sweat We Toil Of all the Allied nations, none is closer to total mobilisa tion than Russia. Those who do not fight, work. Araong the workers are 5,000,000 schoolchildren, tilling fields. Of every 10 farm "workers, seven are women. Once the land of the 40-hour week, Russia today works its women 66 hours, its men 84 hours a "week. Children work harder than adults did before the war. To boost production, the Reds have wedded incentive to compulsion. -The incentives are many and generous. A man does not have to wield a bayonet to have his picture on Pravda 's front page; he might do it by mining more coal, ploughing more land, raising more pigs. The cream of the cream may be come Heroes of Socialist Labor. The next-best receive the coveted Order of Lenin, medals, bonuses. For the efficient factory there is the Red Banner. Another device is inter-factory "socialist competition" for better, bigger, faster output. Such competition becomes especially fierce on the eve of Red anniversaries. Then the entire nation watches the progress of the contest with the anxiety of a Broadway bookie study ing Belmont handicaps. But when rewards and contests fail the Govt.'s face turns stony. The worker is a soldier of the rear. If he leaves his lathe he is guilty of desertion, is punished accordingly. . Russian law compels managers to report every shirker and absentee. If they fail they themselves might spend the next five years in prison. Pokazhem Mini Yet the Russians take pride, in their sufferings and sacri fices. War's searing flames, they say, have tested, then tempered their mettle. Today, though hungry, weary, and regimented, the Russians think 'they are the world's chosen people. The new slogan is Pokazhem Miru ("We'll show the world!"). INTERNATIONAL Let My People Go fjT The Jewish Affairs Institute published a survey entitled "Hitler's 10-Year War on the Jews." Statistics: Jews in Europe when Hitler went to war — 8,300,000. Jews in Europe today — 3,300,000. Jews destroyed by murder, pogroms, planned starvation, forced labor, de portation — more than 3,000,000. Jews who found asylum in Soviet Russia — 1,800,000. In other countries —180,000. Prom the US and Britain came an official warning that the "instigators and actual perpetrators of these crimes" will be punished; that the atrocities would "be taken into ac count against the time of the final settlement with Germany." "'Is Majesty, 'e say a to me, (Am I a religious edifice or justa cultural monu ment?' " 