Post-war Development VIKWB Or MR. ERNK8T WRKSlIT j 1 l lie t'n. low iuu jiitli le, l.y .Mr KrneM Wright, (if Tiincuny, is the tenth of u ! M'l'iv!* uf weekly urtieles on pn^t-\Mir { rei'onstruetioii eontributed to the Keinp se.v 'Argus'): Air lOruest Wright is u son of the late Air John Wright, who founded the township of Tuncurry ill! years ago, and claims to be the first white child born there. At Tuncurry. Air John Wright estab lished a sawmill, shipyard and general business, which is now known us the firm of John AVright und Company, and of which Air Ernest Wright is a director. \- lie was educated at Newcastle High School, and on leaving ut the age of IS, entered his father's shipyard as an apprentice. His keen interest in this work led to an exteusivo study of all thing!? relating to wooden shipbuilding, sawuiilling nnd forestry. AVorking in close touch with the lute Sir Alan Taylor, Air AVright, on tho death of his father, continued the ship building industry, and in .1037 had the honor of having built the largest wooden ship in Australia. Always keen on advancement, Air AVright interested himself in dairying und rural electricity, and worked hard to establish a butter fuctory at Tun curry to serve the dairymen of tli« i AVallamba. This eventuated in 1 !)!!-, and Air AVright has been its chairman of dir ectors for more than twenty years, since the establishment of the factory. An ice plant was introduced to serve the fishermen and town with ice, and' also electric power has been installed to light the towns-of Tuncurry und For ster. Mr AVright has been ft Manning Shire Councillor for 10. years, and is an ar dent advocate for electricity -for the: ?farmers at. a flat . rate for all. This scheme is in its embryo stage, but 'Air- AVright firmly believes it will eventuate: as a post-war possibility, and lie is at v present working - with men who are re- , sponsible towards that end. X X X X 'AVIiat. is to be Australia's place in tlie post-war world?' It is to be hoped : that the Prime Alinister will have some ideas as to the answer to this question i on lijs return from London, but for l many Australians the answer remainS' a profound and perplexing mystery, | writes Air Wright. -i AVe realise now that it was little ' short of a miracle which saved this con- I tiuent. from invasion. It' we ; had ever faced up to the possibility of a Japunesc war of aggression in -the Pacific — -which most Australians hadn !t— we hud com forted ourselves with the' thought* tliut Singapore, the British 'Navy and . the forces of the United - States of Amer ica would between them soon deal with the little yellow. men. . It .was assumed that Australia, with u population of six: and :a half millions, could do nothing to lie fend ? herself .' in any ease, so why | worry ? Now, we have ' been :forceil to [ realise how near wc were to being con |.quered— how near is the' Near -North' j — how: remote the great power of Bri- j tain and the United States. . AVe have1 been forced to : see that our | noithern neighbours are clever, indus- i trious, far-sighted; that prompting this 1 far-sightedness is a laud-hunger, a need I for territories in which to settle- their overcrowded population^; : -Nor 'can n military victory for the Allies: remove the threat of thesei overcrowded popula : tions. : At best: it ivill- put off the ' evil duy for an indeterminable -period. The fact \ is that we live in the Asiatic-Pacific world, and .our future as' a nation will largely depend on how ?we-.- can Miccommodutc ourselves - to our geograjiWcal situation— to 'what oxteut we can. come to terms with our neigh bours,, and to- what degree'We can be come capable of defending this country* '.against attack, should the need 'arise. . The basic; problem .militarily,, anil l morally, of . course, is the size of our ' population.. Six and,a half million peo ple have no: -right to try to hold this country . in . the r fuce of grossly over-' populated: countries elsewhere. This situation contains within itself the germ of our destruction. Tho slogan, 'Popu- late or Perish ' ' no longer covers ' the facts. ?- . . Sni)i#»limv't.ln* rn«r«im'nM: t\i' fli»c : try must be. so. developed ? that it -will: be possible to open our doors-to an ever increasing flow of immigrants, until the population is commensurut(j- with the' productive capacity „? of the' country— until we have become capable of defend ing— until we have a moral right to defend it. How are -the- resources of Australia to -be; developed to produce such a re sult1? ... - It is conservatively estimated that' this country, could support a. population of thirty -millions. .Many, would put the figure much HTglier, AVlmt changes are necessary to .make this possible? 1\. would put forth iu the first 'place a change is necessary^ in the attitude of the -people towards tho soil itself. The history of Australian agriculture so fur has been a melancholy one of ex ploitation for quick profits- of ruinous deforestation, nf__denuding tho soil of its fertility,^ bringing with it the tragedy of erosion, tho grim spectacle of land which with careful husbanding could have been improved instead of 'being' turned into menacing sandhills. I con sider that our first task is to direct alk the power of science towards revital ising land which to-day may lie produc ing crops or carrying stock, but which t ? i ? In « - 1 1 ow tnti\ 1-e ti 1 '!i Ii -1 oil - * I l-i ? nil1-)' nt the tli'U:;lit li'-i iiuil -i lli-ii i imIih t inn it?' feitilily, Sl'i'iilldlv, the be.-t II | l:i I'll' t-N;:in riM-ilig liniiii- nnist lie ? I i i .-.-1 I Im\mmiI-i i'OIIm'i - ill;: u 1 1 ' I n-ini; to I lie liiv-t ;m|. Miutugi'. the w.itei ii'Miim,!- i-l the rolllltiv, uitli tlie object nf openim; up foi- ngriciilluii' iiii'I piistonil use ;iniue ol the great a reus, ol our liimls. One way in which this might the ilnlie is set out in n must convincing wnv bv A (1 Mr Ion I,. Iilriess, in his lunik, 'The ({rout llooinernug. ' Itriel'l.v. his plan is to divert the Hood waters from the numerous rivers which run down the coastal ranges of Queensland into the sea, back over the ranges, nnd to spill them into the dry riverbeds of the Coo per, Diamcntiiia and Ucorgina, thus gating a vast area of the hinterlands, where the soil is rich and only awaits water to- turn it into a prosperous, fer tile plain. To appreciate the full signi ficance of his plan, Air Idriess' book must be rend and carefully studiod. Tho lay mind may bo inclined to dismiss tlio idea us fantastic and impracticable. But in these days we must no longer think in terms of the pick and shovel, - but in terms of fleots' of bulldozers, i which have already ; achieved tlio seom I ingly impossible by laying -down uir l strips anil roads in the jungle of New Guinea. ? .-? Concurrent with this: use of the Queensland rivers goes the other import- \ ant part of Air Idriess ''jilan, which is to harness the waterfalls of those rivers to, produce electric power. An abundant supply of cheap power in Queensland would not onlv truiisforiu the life und work of the mail on the land, but also make possible and practicable the open ing of vaste new secondary industries in . that State. _ This is more significant than it -may seem- at first sight. : Cheap power -means -lower ? production costs— a factor vital to both primary and secondary produc ers. Our dairying industry litis ? good cause for uneusiness when it is realised that Australian butter, for instance, cannot compete with Danish butter oil the English market without' u substun tial Governnient subsidy. The result is that Australian consuniers have to pay more for Australian butter than English consumers— all ? due, of course, to the high cost of production. . AVoolgrowors may well view with alarm tho Success ?of German scientists in providing1 syn thetic substitutes for wool; at a frac tion of the cost of the natural product. The' whe.atgrowers .will have to battle on the world markets with competitors whose highly mechanised methods of production will have cut costs far below the Australian basic figure. The sumo problem, in different terms, will face ? all primary producers relying on export trade- --The necessity for a drastic cut in the costs of all Australian produc-. tion is obvious, and an abundant supply '^1/ of cheap electrical power would be ono great means of : meeting this need, re ducing, us it . would, labor costs to a minimuui. The implication of Air Idriess' plan are clearly enormous and may well con tain the answer to some of Australia's most pressing- problems. AVlint, applies to tlio- Queensland rivers and their use us a source . of -power could also be .maflc to apply, to niany of our coastal rivers- and rivers in other States of the Commonwealth;.'':'' 'I'liat the destiny of Australia is bound upwitli the soil may indeed lie ?evident to those who- live by the soil, but it -is by no moans evident to tli 3 bulk of the Australian people; - If it bu granted that our future existence as a nation depends on this country containing a population coiuiuensurate with its resources,: it is clear that our first -objective must be to 'develop our primury production to its fullest cu[ia eity; because it is only on the basis of sound: and healthy primury industry that secondary industries which must employ the built of the '-population, cuu be bu built. : - Australia 's place in - the post-war world will be determined '.by the breadth - of- vision, the ' realism, the fur- sighted- 1 ness of her stutesinnnship in approach ing these ? basic problems'- which .belong'. so -incxtricubly- to our peace; and bv -the enorgy. and resolution with whichwo put our plans into operation. ? AVe need a complete revolution in our ' small-scale; nnd insular way of thinking. The lessons of tho -war as applied to this continent demand nothing less. 