Sweden A Haven For Many NEW YORK. Ten years ago there were only 8,000 foreigners in Sweden states the American Swedish Monthly following Hitler’s advent to power another 4,000, mostly Jews, from Germany, Aus tria, and Czecho-Slovakia flocked to Sweden’s hospitable shores. So that this work of mercy should not be hampered, the im migration laws were amended in 1937 to permit the easy entry of “political refugees,” a term which covereu the widest possible field. The war has resulted in a ten fold increase in the number of Sweden’s refugees. On January 1st this year no fewer than 11,000 of these were Jews. As few of these had passports, the Swedish Gov ernment issued them with so-called foreigners’ passports, with which they could get residence and work permits. j It will be recalled how Sweden | generously gave asylum to practic ally the whole of the Jewish popu lation of Denmark when that he roic little country was taken over by the Germans. This necessitated a system of reception camps, ad ministered by the Board >of Social Welfare and partially financed by foreign Governments. In these camps refugees are given clothing, furniture, and household equip-* . ment before leaving to take up jwork. | Of the 14,000 Danish refugees, it is stated that two-thirds are Jewish. Large sums of money had to be raised for their welfare, and the Swedish Government and people responded magnificently, ; several millions of kronor being , placed at the refugees’ disposal. Public buildings were handed oyer to them and private houses opened their doors. About half of these refugees are now working. • Among the more important com mittees is the Mosaic Refugee Committee, which .although pri vately run, receives a large mea sure of support from the Govern ment, amounting to 40 per cent m the case of adults and 80 per cent in the case of children. A broadcast speech by Karl J. Hojer, Chairman of the Board of Social Welfare, said: “The role Sweden has been al lowed to play is something not to boast of but to be grateful for. We should meet the refugees in a spirit of friendship and hospitality We should let them know how happy we are that our country has been able to serve in the sav ing of so many human lives.” 