13V!;-'! viYi>pvi v-»v«\rrvviyiyiviGi v ». Y»\'\jr«R<e<fSg8v7»VTvYTjrY?i\yTt?TSuyjTil.T . It is remarkable; HtoUjgh; %hateVfr i we do We-nakemtatak' tmiiisdiouB- ly and unintentionally.' " A coTrNi))ba- dent writing to one rif Utb uwles. points out hotvTnadvisabie it is to make toy aeroplanes for the childtep, for he says that many children are terrified at the sight pf planes because jjf the havoc they have already caus ed.. He quoted the case of a woman ; and her -child who have recently come ; from England and the sight of a : plane overhead or in a window starts ' the child screaming. No doubt, he must be a very sensitive child, but I think the correspondent is right when be suggests that warlike toys should | be avoided because they are likely in ' many cases to recall distressing scenes to some of the childish recipi ents. Retired Bootblacks Time brings many changes. When the city was thick with American sol diers Swanston Street became noted for the number of infantile bootblacks, who did a roaring trade polishing up the footwear of the Yanks so that they could present a shiny appearance to the Australian girls Whom, they had to meet. So keen was the rivalry, that not a day passed without a fight between boys who engaged in duck- shoving and those who claimed prior possession of coveted spots. The Yanks paid well, and sto the boys coined money, hut today there is not a boy on the streets. Where have they all gone? I suggested to a friend of mine that they had disappeared like their Ameri can customers, but he hazarded the opinion that the hoys had made so much money that they had all retired for life. He may be right. The fact remains, however, that they have all departed. The Three Ball Sign There is not an orthodox three-ball sign in Melbourne proper today. In front of all the . pawnbrokers' shops the iron supports still remain, but the golden balls have either dropped off or been taken down. However, the State Savings Bank, which is also a money-lender on security, evidently wished to continue to dangle the old emblem before the borrowing public, for it has three balls on the top of its Elizabeth street structure, the only difference between the bank and tee pawnbrokers is that the bank has the oalis arranged differently. Next time you are in Melbourne have a look and you will see the three balls on the top of the building, one on each of the three flagpoles. And while on the subject of pawn brokers I came across an old shop way down near the wharves which used to house Uncle in tee early days, While all the customary signs had been painted over years ago the rain and' the weather have washed off the obliterating paint and so I was able to read: "Immigrants' .Luggage Bought. Highest Prices Paid." What memor ies this old sign recalls of the days when the ports were full of ships bearing people from the Old Country" In Collins Street next to the Age office is another intended- to-be- obliterated sign, . which probably brings painful memories to those who suffered in tee land boom of half a century ago, for it proclaims teat teg. building was once occupied by the Premier Deposit and Savings Bank of Victoria, which figured so prominent. y in those hectic days. It Can't Be Did We have become quite used to be ing hemmed in on all sides with regu lations under the National Security Regulations, which tells us we can t do this and we can't do that, bat fans it ever strnck you when visiting Mel- oourne how many things you can't do apart from wartime precautions? Long before tee war there was a kind of "don't do teat" air pervading the city. Here is a list of a few of the prohibitions: "No -parking here; Fire Plug"; "No Parking — Taxi Stand"; "Parking Prohibited Within 15 Feet of Pillar Box"; "No Parking— Buses Only"! "No Parking East of this Sign"; "No Parking, Private Eight of Way." The story is told of a. motorist driv ing round tee city in a distracted state of mind because he couldn't find a place to park. At last he saw e vacant space and. was just driving into it when a uniformed official ap proached him and . said, "You can't park there." "Why not?" asked tee motorists, "there's no sign Up to say I can't." "There will be," responded tee official, "as soon as we can think of an excuse to write on it." It 5a hot only |he Mptpst . who is fate; victim of Inese regula- tions. I wjuir "dqWhX aj; Port Mel bourne recentiy'ahfi htffhTs a batch of notices i came across f "Np access to pier without authority® ; "Drive Slow ly"; "Keep Out — Danger Under the Pier"; "Deep Wafer Here"; "Caution, Keep to the Left".; "Beware of Trains"; "Use this Bridge"; "Stop! Cross over Carefully"; "Danger — Con- j tect With Wires Will Cause Death." "Keep Clear of the Propellers," and at tiie end of the pier there is. what seems ah ' unnecessary admonition; for it says: "Caution, Turning Point;" There are about .a dozen morer I could quote, but- 1 won't Suffice it to say teat the most stupid of tee lot is tee oue in the railway subways which reads: "Don't Spit on the Floors, Walls or Stairs." Now I ask you, If that's not the limit? There's only the ceiling left and that's too high, so when all's said and done with all these do's and don'ts, is life worth living? Russian Devotee Of Theatre h This week B. Newman Jubal, a Rus sian, tells liis -interesting story and reveals what he has done in the Mel bourne theatrical world since bis ar rival here. He tells mehe was born in tee Ukraine "where the earth Is black, the women are brown-eyed and vodka is brewed from potatoes." He confesses to a liking for the brown- eyed girls, but not for the vodka, but he does not wish this to be taken as an indication he would refuse a drink if offered one- The theatre is in his blood for he says he "played theatre" before he ever saw a performance inventing it himself. The first performance he ever saw was "Naialka Poltavka," an opera tta by Ukranian peasants, and at the age of 16. he played his first part as an old man of 70, when he had his first stage accident, which involved the losing of his beard on the stage! At 17 he led a group of actors. from town to town during the year of the Revolution. Later he found himself at the Uni versity of Vienna, at the same time studying theatre with Rhinehardt. He played many parts from Shakespeare to Gorky and. produced many plays. At 28 he founded his own theatre "Theatre 49." It was in a cellar and became known for Its individual style and its modern productions. When he left Vienna he was directing three theatres. Landing in Australia he came up again6t the language difficulty, but in this direction fee has progressed re- markably. He is doing his best to give young Australians the benefit of his knowledge and experience in order to develop their talents and imagina tion and encourage them to desire good plays. Jubal has already produced the fol lowing : "The . Lost Melody," by Kield Abell, a Danish writer; "The Storin," by the Russian writer, Ostroysky; two Moliere plays, "Les Femmes Suvaut" and "de Bonrgebise Gentil. homme"; "Liliom," by Ferenc Molnar an Hungarian; "Marriage," by Gogol, a Russian; a play by William Saro- yan, well known American writer, known to most of us through the film "The Human Comedy." A forthcom ing production for the Group Theatre will be one of contrasts — three one- act plays by respectively Cbekovt Rabindmnath Tagore- and Perandello. t iimuiiiiiiiiuiiniiiuDuuMUMiiumfoimiKiitiiimiuitiiinimi 