Should We Admit Colored Immigrants To Australia ? DEAR MIRANDA, — I have travelled- a )ot since I last wrote, in fact, right down through the Gippsland dairying districts. I think the dairy fanners are the hest treated section of the community, with all their preferences, but they deserve it, the way they are working for the war effort, with out grumbling. AT present there Is much talk; about populating Australia after the war. Some say we should increase the birthrate, others say bring English-speaking people here, and others still say bring out any white people, at all. I think, we should allow a mixture pf different races, and some colors, too. What is wrong with Indians and Chinese Coming? They will soon get jAiwj uur way vi iiyuig,.as uicy have in ' America, but we must make sure they don't keep on using, their native language, and drift Into communities. The only way is to have even ing, schools "where they can learn our language. Some people will say; that we will get a lot of gang sters, etc., but that is wrong. We may gejt /Some, but I think a mix ture of nationalities tends to bring out the best in all of the nationali ties concerned. Take the United States, for in stance. When she was a colony of British settlers, she was a law less;. State, 'hut when other nation? alitles mixed with the British, in a few years she rose to a leading place among the nations of the world. The same can be said for the mixtures of races in Russia. England-, in the days of her great ness, had a mixture of Roman, Danish; -Celtic,- French, Anglo- Saxon, <aud many other nationali ties, but after a while she re stricted her immigrants, and so she fell hack considerably before this" War, "as everyone knows. CThie same can be said with Aus tralia, 'which is very backward -compared with some countries; When this happens, we will have an international outlook, not the one-sided outlook that so many people have now. Surely we are broad enough nowadays to know that other nationalities are as good as we are — many better in many ways. I agree with some readers that we praise ourselves up too much. This shows a one-track mind, as "Oak-gate" points out. I'm going to praise the miners, who I have just seen in action, and I am cer tain they work under much harder and more dangerous conditions than any other section.— LARK SPUR TOO. WORD FROM OLD COUNTRY DEAR MIRANDA, — As it is over five years since I last wrote to your page, I thought Fd better get my pen to work again. Doting the past three years my sister and I have been in a munition factory in Melbourne. Although I like my job, I would rather be back on the farm. We have just come back .from having 10 days' Xmas leave, first since we've been on munitions. We usu ally got the bare three- days off for Xmas. My annual leave is due in April, so I'm -looking forward to another, week on the farm. Two girl friends went home with us. One of them was up at the cowyard one-, morning last week and was letting a cow- out of the bail with the leg-rope on. I had to laugh... . . ; ' Last week I received 1 three air graph letters from relatives in England/ I ' wafcvery/pleased to receive them, ' too. Sgjnte months ago, I sent them eacb a parcel eight in : iall) containing food stuff 'that thfiy.sjremotiSly rationed in — tea,, sugar, etc. .'J -managed to send them %lb. tea ' each, went careful on my ' pwn ration. One of my girl friends I went to school with over there had a brother who was a sailor on the Repulse, - which, unfortu nately, was sunk. Although they suffer severe losses over there, their spirits remain. I really think it's wonderful the way they grin and bear their grievances. Last Saturday, Mother- received a cable via Beam Wireless from Liverpool. We've hardly heard from anyone back home since the war started.— LIVERPOOL EDE, Finished Harvesting Before Christmas Dear Miranda. — Although we know there /is peace in -store for us, we , 31 know that we will have unsk suffering before we are through. There is a saying, "Nothing is worth having unless it is worth fighting fon" My father has been sick and has sent a doctor's certificate to fet my brother out of the Army- ITe can certainly do with him. We were one of trie very few who finished harvesting before Christ mas. It took us only cwo weeks (and bur neighbors didn't help us) to do 27 acres, but' we -worked till dark every night, -with only » very scanty lunch time. I won t mind admitting (hat thatwas the hardest time I've ever put in. We basketball girls are limning another dance. For a crowd of girls -who don't know much about this sort of thing it is a. feather in our cap to be told by some people thev are the best dances they have ever been to. — "GIGGLING GIRL." 