! post-war plans in development "WE MUST THINK IN TERMS OF FLEETS OF BULLDOZERS" OPEN OUR DOORS TO FLOW OF IMMIGRANTS (SERIES ARTICLE No. 10- -BY ERNEST WRIGHT, Tuncurry.) In this, the tenth of our se ries of weekly articles on Post war Reconstruction, Mr. Ernest Wright, of Tuncurry, goes fur ther afield than parochial or d istrict concern, to touch upon the . harnessing of our great coastal and inland rivers to place this £>cate or JNew soutn wares in pa. rticuiar in a position to receive a great flow of new population -n the years following the war. The inference in Mr, Wright's plan of things is that what- ever may be practicable for ae velopment of the hinterland would have tenfold greater rco pe and much quicker results if applied first to the rich valleys of the innumerable coastal rivers of this State. MR. ERNEST WRIGHT — -xmc — Mr. Ernest Wright is a son >f the late Mr. John Wright, who found ed the township of Tuncurry 66 years ago, and claims to be the first white child bom there. At Tuncurry, Mr. John Wright established a sawmill, shipyard and general. business, which is now knolwn as the firm of John Wright and Company, and of which Mr. Ernest Wright is a director. He was educated at Newcastle High School, and on leaving at the age of 18, entered his father's ship yard as an apprentice. His keen in terest in this work led to an exten sive study of all things relating to wooden shipbuilding, safwmilling and forestry. Working in close touch with the late Sir Alan Taylor, Mr. Wright, on the death of his father, continued the shipbuilding industry, and in 1937 had the honor of having built the largest wooden ship in Australia. Always keen on advancement, Mr. Wright interested himself in- dairy ing and rural electricity, and worked hard to establish a butter factory at Tuncurry to serve the dairymen of the Wallamba. This eventuated in 1919, and Mr. Wright has been its chairman of directors for more than twenty years. Since the establishment of the factory. An ice plant was in troduced to serve the fishermen and town with ice, and also electric power has been installed to light the towns of Tuncurry and Forster. Mr. Wright has, been a Manning Shire councillor for 10 years, and is an ardent advocate for electricity for the farmers at a flat rate for all. This scheme is in its embyro stage, but Mr. Wright firmly believes it wili eventuate as a post-war possibility, and he is at present working with men who are responsible towards that end. "What is to be Australia's place in the post-war world?" It is to be hop ed that the Prime Minister will have some ideas as to the answer to this question on his return from London, but for many Australians the answer remains a profound and perplexing mystery, writes Mr. Wright. We realise now that it was little short of a miracle which saved this continent from invasion. If we had ever faced up to the possibility of a ' Japanese war of aggression in the j Pacific — which most Australians hadn't — we had comforted ourselves with the thought that Singapore, the British Navy and the forces of the United States of America would be tween them soon deal with the little yellow men. It was assumed that Australia, with a population of six and a half millions, could do no thing to defend herself in any case, so why worry ? Now, we have been forced to realise how near we were to being conquered — how near is the "Near North" — how remote the great power of Britain and the United States. We have been forced to see that our northern neighbors are clever, industrious, far-sighted; that prompt ing this far-sightedness is a land- hunger, a need for territories in which to settle their overcrowded populations. Nor can a military vic tory for the Allies remove the threat of these overcrowded populations. At best it will put off the evil day for an indeterminate period. The fact is that we live in the Asiatic-Pacific world, and our fut ure as a nation will largely depend on how we can accommodate our selves to our geographical situation — to what extent we can come to terms with our neighbors, and to what degree we can become capable of de. \- fending this country against at tack, should the need arise. The basic problem militarily, and morally of course, is the size of our population. Six and a half million people cannot defend this country; sixand a half million people have no right to try to hold this country in the fa.ee of grossly over-populated countries elsewhere. This situation contains within itself the germ of our i j destruction. The slogan "Populate or j Perish" no longer covers the facts. I Somehow the resources of this 1 country must he so developed that it will be possible to open our doors to an ever-increasing flow of immi-. grants, until the population is com- i mensurate with the productive capa city of the country — until we have be come capable of defending — until we have a moral right to defend it. How are the resources of Aus tralia to be developed to produce such a result? It is conservatively estimated that this country could support a popula tion of thirty millions. Many would put the figure much higher. What 'Changes are necessary to make this possible ? I would put forth in the first place a change is necessary in the attitude of the people towards the soil it self. The history of Australian agri culture so far has been a melancholy one of exploitation for quick profits, of ruinous deforestation, of denud ing the soil of its fertility, bringing with it the tragedy of erosion, the grim spectacle of land which 'with careful husbanding could have been improved instead of being turned into menacing sandhills. I consider that our first task is to direct all the power of science towards revital ising land which to.day may he pro ducing crops or carrying stock, but which to-morrow may he abandoned because of the thoughtless and selfish reduction! of its fertility. .Secondly, the, best available engin eering brains must be directed to wards conserving and using to the best advantage the water resources of the country,- with the' object of opening up for agricultural and pas toral use some of the great areas of our lands. One way in which this might be done is set out in a most convincing .way by Mr. Ion L. Idriess in his book "The Great Boomerang." Brief ly, his plan is to divert the flood (waters from the numerous rivers (which run down the coastal ranges of Queensland into the sea, back over the ranges, and to spill them into the dry riverbeds of the Cooper, Dia. mentina and 'Georgina, thus irrigat ing a vast area of the hinterland, (where the soil is rich and only awaits water to turn it into a prosperous, fer tile plain. To appreciate the full sig nificance of his plan, Mr. Idriess' book must he read and carefully studied. The lay mind may he inclined to dis miss the idea as fantastic and im practicable. But in these days we must no longer think in terms of the pick i and shovel, but in terms of fleets j of bulldozers, which have already 1 achieved the seemingly impos sible by laying down, airstrips and roads in the jungle of New Guinea. Concurrent with this use of the i Queensland rivers goes the other important part of Mr. Idriess' plan, which is to harness the waterfalls of those rivers to produce electric pow er. An abundant supply of cheap ! power in Queensland would not omy transform the life and work of the I man on the land, hut would also make j possible and practicable the opening J of vast new secondary industries in ' that State. This is more significant than it may" seem at first sight. Cheap power means lower production costs — a fac tor vital to both primary and sec ondary producers. Our dairying in dustry has good cause for uneasiness when it is realised that Australian butter, for instance, cannot compete with Danish butter on the English market without a substantial Govern ment subsidy. The result is that Aus tralian consumers have to pay more for Australian butter than English consumers — all due, of course, to the high cost of production. Woolgrow. ers may well view with alarm the success of German scientists in pro viding effective synthetic substitutes for wool at a fraction of the cost of the natural product. The wheatgrow- er will have to battle on the world markets with competitors whose high ly mechanised methods of production will have cut costs far below the Australian basic figure. The same problem, in different terms, will face all primary producers relying on ex port trade. The necessity for a drastic cut in the costs of all Australian production is obvious, and' an abun dant supply of cheap electrical power would be one great means of meet ing this, need, reducing, as it would, j labor costs to a minimum, j The implications of Mr. Idriess' plan are clearly enormous and mav I well contain the answer to some of > Australia's most pressing problems. What applies to the Queens land rivers and their use as a source of power could also be made to apply to many of our coastal rivers and rivers in other States of the Commonwealth. That the destiny of Australia is bound up with the soil may indeed be evident to those who live by the soil, but it is by no means evident to the bulk of the Australian people. If it be granted that our future exist ence as a nation depends on this country containing a population com mensurate with its resources, it is clear that our first objective must be to develop our primary production to its fullest capacity, because it is only on the basis of sound and healthy primary industry that secondary in dustries, which must employ the bulk of the population, can he built. Australia's place in the post-war world will be determined by the breadth of vision, the realism, the far-sightedness of her statesman ship in approaching these basic pro blems which belong so inextricably to our peace; and by the energy and resolution with which we put our plans into operation. We need a complete revolution in our small-scale and insular way of thinking. The lessons of the war as applied to this continent demand no thing less. 