FIFTY YEARS MARRIED —Mr. & Mrs. G. O. Stephenson FIFTY years of wedded happi- ness was celebrated yesterday by Mr. and Mrs. G. O. Stephen- son, of Point Vernon, The privi- lege of attaining the Golden Jubi- lee of their marriage is not one that is given to all life partners. So friends of the couple, in con- gratulating them on the happy event, will wish them all the best they could wish themselves for the future. Both Mr. and Mrs. Stephenson enjoy good health. In the course of their half century partnership they have reared for this nation a family of eight sons and three daughters. According to the marriage cer- tificate, Geoffrey Oceanus Stephen- son was married to Elsie Thomsen at Yengarie on October 27, 1894, by the Rev. Detlif Hansen. Unlike many other old pioneers Mr. Stephenson cannot boast that he left his native land and came to Australia, a land of opportun- ity, seeking a fortune, for, in fact he knew nothing about his com- ing here. He was born of Danish parents, on the immigrant ship, Alardus, at sea, near the Cape of Good Hope, on March 4, 1873. The Alardus arrived at the White Cliffs one day in June, 1873, and the babe in arms was brought by his parents to Mary- borough a few days later. USEFUL LIVES Mrs. Stephenson was born at Yengarie in the year 1874. So now at the ages of 71 and 70 re- spectively Mr. and Mrs. Stephen- son can look back on lives use- fully spent. Mrs. Stephenson lived at Yen- :;:trie unt.l her mania^e. They havi* uo story to tell of an exclt *inu life s-jjent at i^anv plaees. The couple have lived bi the Plalba d. strict ever sincf. their marriage wheie Mr. Stephensi-n worked as a road eomractor. an(| a farmer, until his retirement and their shitt to Pt, Vernon some years aHo ' o etijov life quietly. Tlu\r main interest has .been family. member.s uf which are: Eric '1 Maryiboroufih ). Alfred -In- nisfaill. Peter -Uran^an-. Hans -(»arri.-on aBttalion). Fred jlnnis faih. Robert -Tinann-. Harry 'T,nana-. and 11:d Slephenson « Maryborough ), .'dso Mrs, A. Buchanan - Maryborougli K Mis. C. Tyrrill t Newcastle/ and Mis. A. Postan tPialba). There are also 30 grandchildren and iw„ great grandchildren. ^rem.bers of the family. and friends, have planned a golden wedding celebration for Vt. and Mrs. S'.cnhensoii to-night at the Vernon Hall. 