PROFESSOR STONED REPLY TO SIR ISAACS* FURfTHER LETTERS December 31, 1943. 3 TJie JLUiiui, ? | 'The Hebrew Standard,'' I :Sir- I With my final letter this week under 1 the title 'The ChurchiH White Paper, 1 1922; the Moslem World and Other I Matters,' the painful task I have set I myself is done. Tkis task was to examine 1 Sir Isaac Isaac's considered statement of I his views en 'Political Zionism' in your 1 journal on October 2S, November '4 and I 11. He there made a1 case: I have an i swered that case on an tne main issues, including those stressed with pointless menace in his further letters. Sir Isaac has already, and somewhat prematurely, exercised his right to reply, and he will do doubt complete it in due course. There by ordinary rules of dis cussion the matter might., well be left to the reader's calm and uninterrupted ex amination. The matter, however, is in any case out of my hands since an urgent and ?unforeseen increase in official duties ?will, J am sorry to say, prevent for some con siderable (rime any intervention on my part to examine Sir Isaac's further let ters. I will therefore, before assuming these duties, deal briefly with, those new . matters so far introduced by his further letters which seem to call for comment. The reader will not need informing that insofar as his further letters are repe titions, the answers will be found in my Commentaries, despite Sir Isaac's reiter ation of his arguments as- if he could not understand those answers. I. The Labour Party Conference. ! Sir Isaac suggests that my Cpmmejv ttaries may. have been timed to influence the recent AX.P. Conference. If the ;plain record did not refute him, I would ihave to point out that the newspaper re .ports of the outcome were my first in timation that Larry relevant item was on the agenda. But the returS itself refutes him. I have no reliable text of the resolution .which was proposed, but newspaper re ports indicate that, apart from the immi gration issue, the. merits of which were . mot 'passed upon, the main point was wJielher the Jewish people were' a 'na- tion.' It would appiai1 tbat liig Confer ence discussion was marked by a con tusion of. the two meanings of 'nation' wortJfy .of, and perhaps even . deriving ultimately from,. Sir Isaac. ?Now on this crucial issue my articles challenging Sir Isaac were not avail able until December 17, 24 and 30. Not ? until the 30th, moreover, did I deal ex cept incidentally with the full significance of the British Labour Party resolution. Yet the Conference began December 13. Strange timing indeed for influencing a 'Conference which began its deliberations on December 13! And strange strategy indeed to reserve the full and direct treatment of the. crucial point until after the decision to be influenced is already taken! In truth, if any timing was done for this Conference it must have been Sir Isaac who did ;it. He it was who late in ?October opened up, with exaggerated ?advocacy, this very matter. My Com- , mentaries had, in good manners, to fol low the completion of his on November II. They were, as. will have been ob served, written in systematic order, the date of publication depending on the availability .of ' your columns. It was, then, Sir Isaac's views (still unchalleng ed but publicised, through another jour nal in Sydney) which were available to the members of the Conference on this crucial issue. The regrettable result may, then, be a confirmation of the painful, duty which I have felt to expose their gravely misleading nature. Nothing I heie wnte is intended to re fleet upon the sincerity and honesty pi'^ -attitudes taken .at that Conference, 1 i though the cruel stupidities- tittered by at least one member, properly censured by Professor Walter Murdoch, must by now have led #0 doubts concerning atti- . 'tudes supportable by them. Nor should anything I say be taken to suggest that I believe thpse attitudes will prevail on the matters on which I have challenged Sir Isaac's position. But, if Sir Isaac's advocacy played any role in blinding and confusing the Australian Labour Party on issues which are crystal clear according, to the ideals of Labour in pther English-speaking countries, then I wpuld be bound to say that, in my griejjed opinion, the triumph he claims would be over the prostrate bodies of his stricken brethren in Europe. Sir Isaac terms the Conference's in action a 'Zionist Stalingrad.' The in nuendo is1 clear but ' unworthy,, the metaphor inapt. So far as any advocacy by a Jew contributed to the negative re sult the reader is invited to choose be tween Sir Isaac's strategic metaphor and 'a stab in the back,* against his fellow Jews in Europe. For my own part I feel with conviction that, in one re spect, the latter may. be more apt. For as the democratic cause in this war re covered and prevailed after that 'stab in the back,' so it will prevail also in the Suture of the Jewish people. 2\. The Balfour Declaration and a Jewish Commonwealth.. Sir Isaac wrongly suggested some change in my view since nv letter to you of July 30, 1942. On that occasion, I said, first that the subject of the Jew ish Commonwealth was irrelevant to the theft discussion, and second, that the con temporary statesnjen jquotjng tl$$ni) did contemplate such a development from_ the Balfour Declaration. Third, I re served the formulation and expression of a 'concluded opinion' on the interpre tation of the Balfour Declaration till the matter was really in issue, ? ??? The' clash of views between Sir Isaac and a great body of his fellow Jews, has now made it not only consistent for me, but my clear duty, to express a con cluded opinion on that question of inter pretation. Sir Isaac asks 'what it is that has helped me to make up my mind'? My answer is clear and short. Sir Isaac himself. F-or I have assumed that he made the best case possible for his contrary view. Yet on examination that case has proved hollow and unten able,, violating Hie facts and. all canons of construction. ' I briefly stated my 'concluded' opinion . in my letter of December 16, 1943. I will examine it more fully in my concluding . letter entitled 'The Churchill White Paper, 1922,- the Moslem World,, etc.' 3\. Equality and the Jewish Common wealth. I have adduced the clearest evidence that equality of- rights of all inhabitants of Palestine is an essential part of offi cial proposals for a Jewish Common wealth. Sir Isaac's only demurrer has been,' 'Why then a Jewish Common wealth? Why not a JewishArabChris tian Commonwealth?' His difficulty thus becomes one of nomenclature, not . of principle. In nomenclature I confess I am not deeply interested. I .would, how ever, point out that the fact that France was called France did not mean that the principle of equal rights was not opera tive in France. The fact *tliat Poland was called Poland did not -mean that citizens of other origins and conscious ness (a considerable proportion of Polish citizens) were to be in a position of inequality or oppression. 'So with Den mark, Norway, Sweden and the rest. Sir Isaac's question in your last issue, 'How can the word 'Jewish' ' (no. doubt in the phrase 'Jewish Commonwealth') 'include Aiabs and Cuiistian=i?'' would equally be an obiection to the 'names' of these States. How can the 'Polish' , s \- l . - . i , f State have included Polish citizens of Ruthemian, Lithuanian, German and other origins and consciousness*? How can the 'Czechslovak' have included Ruthenians and Germans? How can the 'Austrian' State include Slovenes and Czechs? How can the 'Hungarian' State have included Slovaks? Hfcw can the 'Danish' State have' included Danish citizens of German origin and consciousness? if, is the sub stanGe that matters, -net the name. And this is equally true for a Jewish Com monwealth. To condemn a proposal, as Sir Isaac does, by drawing from its NAME loose inferences which are explicitly negatived in the proposal itself, cannot be con vincing, or even permissible. It is EXPLICIT that equality of all inhabit ants and the inviolability of the' Holy Places, are basic principles in proposals for a Jewish Commonwealth. Sir Isaac's inference from the mere NAME which contradict those 'explicit principles is but another example of phantom-hunting. 4\. Religion and National Gronp Con sciousness. I am sorry though perhaps not sur prised that Sir Isaac; despite his pro testations of familiarity, still' shows little understanding of a m^in subject of his letters. I assure him that he need not delay his answers to the clear argument of Professor Zimmern. which, I recall, concluded that the Zionists side by side with the English were the best exponents Of thrft true nationalism, without which democracy cannpt flourish, and which is exemplified par excellence in the Bal fpui- Declaration. It is precisely on the point, and I rest upon it at this stage. Let Sir Isaac deal with it without, drag ging from their context other.- phrases which are not on the point, and evad ing the clear argument on the precise point. That is his device tor confusing the busy reader. and the reader by now should not need to be warned that when Sir Isaac's arguments daze him it may riot be £e5§us.e. the subject is difficult or the fcjeatment pi*6f6Unci: It may b'e be cause to 'confuse, the issue is, S3 I have shown, one of STk »''?ac's modes of hid ing the bankruptcy of h'fs ca*e; This bankruptcy is; also apparelif IiT his challenge to -me to advise 'a Polish Jew naturalised in Australa' (i.e. a Brit ish citizen) how to answer Question 10 in the following questions: '(9) Are you (a) British born, (b) Naturalised?' ? . - '(10) If not British, what nationality?' He asks whether under (10) I would advise the entry 'Polish' or the entry , 'Jewish.' My answer is ''Neither!' and my reasons follow: I recall to the reader that I said on ? December 23, 1943 (p. 3, col. ?) .that Sir Isaac is apparently unaware that the word 'nationality' has two mean ings quite as distinct, and quite' as con sistent with each other, as if they were called by entirely different names. The first (legal and political) was citizen ship, the second (non-political) was na tional group consciousness as described by Zimmern. I stressed that we should be careful to check the sense intended in a particular case. . The question Sir Isaac' now asks proves that he still does not understand this plain distinction. For I would ad vise my client that in the context 'na- tionality' was* clearly meant to refer to citizenship. 1^ would advise my client that as he is a naturalised British sub ject he ought to answer Question 9 (b) in the affirmative and that Question 10 by. its Very terms is not applicable' to him. Our readers will decide who is to' be finally out of court when Sir Isaac has dealt with Sir Alfred Zimmern's clear reasoning on the Balfour Declaration and on the democratic theory of 'nation- alism', (second sense). There is 'enough theie lor Su Isaac to digest and 'ex- plain away' without his waiting foi moie Until he has achieved this impob sible task I ieai that his diveiting and \- i confusing devices wiH be evidence only against his own position. 5\. ReKgion and 'Nation' (second sense), and Citizenship. Another sign that Sir Isaac is sttil compassless at sea is his resummpning last week (Dec. 30) pf the unsubstantial phanto'm- that Zionists plan to limit citi zenship in a Jewish Commonwealth to those professing the Jewish religion. On December 9th I shPwed (and Sir Isaac has merely reiterated his allegatipn, not challenged the contrary evidence), that Sir Isaac had negligently overlooked the express words of the only authoritative Jewish bodies on the matter, fie now devotes a full column to repeating by inference that same anti-Jewish defaima ttei in circumstances which make a charge of mere negligence most charit able. Sir Isaac has cited no serious authority to support this view except Chief Rabbi Herzog. I show in my above-mentioned , concluding letter that Chief Rablai Her- 5 zog does not support him at all. The reader will there see that Sir Isaac has irreverenttly used the Chief Rabbi's work to slander the Jewish people.. By thus suppressing the clearest evidence, and misusing the language of others, Sir Isaac is npt helping his own case.' For Mr. Curtin, Mr. Menzies, Mr. Hughes and all the others whose attention he care fully invites will see that his reference to' a 'purely Catholic Eire' citizenship,' or a 'Protestant Ulster Commonwealth' is only relevant if the Zionists propose that citizenship in a Jewish Common wealth shall be limited to the Jewish faith. Bwt on reading the explicit offieial Jewish programmes set out in my letter t to you on December 9, 1943 (p. 2, col. -1; p.. 3, cols. 1 and 2) they will see that all authoritative Jewish proposals, far from, adopting a citizenship exclusively based on religion, explicitly reject it. They-; i will draw the only possible vaX ei ^uce ^-~^ from Sir Isaac's /it- empt to mislead them * ' and from his suppression of facts ^hicll , how at least must be clearly knewn to ' hinii ? 1 ?? 1 ?' 1.1,1 1 t~ -.'r V, I will only add that 1 have nevei sug- , * gested, as Sir Isaac last week implied, ?? ( ^ that religion may not be an impoitant ,'i element in national group consciousness v*', in Ziuimeril's sense. 'Cultural and tiadi tional group sentiment,' on the ' ' sciehtir' 1 fie level on which I have' tried to keep ?-'?'*' this discussion, clearly includes religious faith,: which is a most powerful senti ment. I said this expressly on December 23 (p. 2. col. '4) when I pointed out that according to Zimmern (with whom I re spectfully go) 'th'e right of corporate 1 group life Withbi the state' is not limited' 'to religious worship in the. narrow sense,' i.e., it includes but is wider than; religion. - . ?; ? ~ — - : 6\. Motive's. .? .? ? Sir Isaaci reacts with, self-conscious, violence to; my reference to questionings by his fellow Jews as to his' motives He surely cannot think that his extraordin ary campaign launched during the great est catastrophe to his people since the .Dispersion, has not raised such queb, tiohs; nor surely can he deny me the right to say that thsy are 'understand- able.' -. If, indeed, ' he reads my ?letter- calmly he will see that in the context I sought to lift .these questionings from the lower plane of motives to the higher plane of ideas. ; If- Sir Isaac insists,' however, on the analysis of the motives which have led other men to acquiesce in the palpably unjust policy of stunting the Jewish Na tional Home, and destroying the last hope of hundreds of thousands of toi tured Jews, I refer him to the analysis by some better authorities than myself. Mr. Churchill on May 23, 1939, analysed four, categories of motives in the hearts of those who were supporting the Pales tine' policy which he condemned. (1) 'Some may consider themselves less involved in the declarations . of former governments. (2) 'Some may feel that the burden 7 ' ' *?% '2 t o * 1 .- - '_ ,'j ' ; . ? ? ???; ?? :: ' '-'??. ' ,' ' . '; of keeping faith weighs upon t- ' ! tWem very oppressively. : ' j '?£&) 'Some may be pro-Arab, and ' .' (4)1 'Some may be anti-Semite. * '; ' 'None of these motives (he \- ? . added) offers me any means of I escape, because I was from the beginning a sincere advocate of . the Balfour Declaration. . . . .' ? i-» (347-H.C.D. 2167. The numerals are mine.) Mr. Churchill's enumeration being, per 'ha'pt,', not exhaustive., 1 add two other ' /suggested motives from the lips of Miss Slodc.or Rathbone and the late Colonel '(afterwards Lord) Wedgwoed in the de i , jjats' of March 6th, 1940, on a motion censuring the Chamberlain Government tar the Land Regulations issued under the White Paper. ~ .In: that debate one of the few Jewish 2iie7nT)ers, Mr. Lipson, a Conservative, vigorously supported the White Paper und the Land Regulations on the ground ?thai they were a proper concession to iiie 'Moslem world,' in view of the exi Sfpucies of war . '; 'Colonel Wedgwood pointed out that 24r. Lipson had gone further in urging this ground than even Mr. Macdonald jhatl gone. Col. Wedgwood went on: . I would ask the Hon. Member ... to realise that the best service he can , , Tender both to his country and hie own , i lace is, in war particularly, to exercise \ and express' his 'own judgment and , 1 not become one of the 'Yes' men. If: ,' i? particularly in wartime that the , I 'Yes' men are to be deplored. (358 H.C'.D. 466.) That is possibility No. 5. \ i 1 r.dd number 6. Miss Eleanor Rath bone was impelled to interrupt -Mr; Lip | sou's speech, thus characterised by Col. ' {Wedfiwood, with these words: ', ', ^ ,' ' Will he (Mr. Lipson) tell us a little ,^'i'l ,su-i'e plainly what he means?. Is ft jC' v'-' '' th.Hi he recognises that the Arafcs need , !, ' „ ] to !ie bribed into supporting the' Allies, whereas the Jews need no brib'e? » -35'! H.C.D. 465.) I aid only that more than 120 non ; JJewtsli members of the House, despite -' wl'e /vave military position at that time, «smlor.3ed, to the extent of voting for the ' , .motion of censure. . Colonel Wedgwood's «nd Miss Rathbone's condemnation of ) , - ilic unsound and even un-British and un \- \',- . stoanly nature of the Hon. Member's posi , ' JtiOU. i .' Among my last words on this occa ' . {aion T would be thoughtless to omit an 1 ? texpresision of my appreciation to you. ''V JSir, for the hospitality you have afforded, 1 (tilton at great inconvenience, for the dis ' .. {cusBion of these momentous. matters. N . I ieel, too, that I should again say to ' ,SSr Isaac, how welcome was his letten of ropTOmber 23 in which he ranged himself, . , j^n principle with his fellow Jews in the im jnaigraiion is.sue. For I again repeat that i the real, the central and the desperately .feirj-'erii. issue to-day is immigration, both i 2-rom ihe viewpoint of Palestinian Jews Biondoinned by the White Paper to per Knanent minority status, and from, that , »f the disinherited survivors of Hitler's jguettoes of death. I would here remind . ' g$ir Isaac, in view of his recently stress , iPfl 'non-approval' of minority status for , , iPalestme's Jews, of .certain careful esti ?BJiitSH by the Royal Commission (Report, r. ?' fFS37, pp. 281-2). According to these esti- . . ; ' saatea Jewish immigration at the rate , ' | ( of 40,000 a year would not even equalise ' 'i lArai-Jewish numbers until the year 2954\. It is apparent that there is, for many years to come, ample room for Sir Isaac's co-operation with his fellow .Jews on 1 he immigration issue. I earnestly &ope; that he may yet choose the way of ro-opc ration. ? ? Thp fulfilment of this - hope would riivr m s the pleasure of knowing that . - -iMa 'xc-hange of views has been of good -.'- - purpose | and that a great Australian Jew \i has chosen to take his rightful place ' ' .Jixnong his people. 11 ' , 2 am, i Sir, Yours, etc., ' ';, ' I .julius stone! -„ 