BftlEF NEWS ITEMS ? aixsioxisrs TRIALS: The Aus tralian illusionist Murray told the "Daily Mail" he regards Mr. Kevin as one of the greatest exponents of the vanishing lady trick, because he takes girls as fast as Murray can train them. Murray was only able to per form the trick now because his wife does the vanishing besides caring for a year-old baby, but Murray cannot I perform the rabbit hat trick, becauscj rabbits are needed for food and can-1 not do handkerchief tricks, because he I has no coupons. He cannot produce a fl note from a lemon because there are no lemons. Similarly, egg tricks are impossible, also pistol acts, becausc of the shortage of blank cartridges, which make audiences blink at the moment of the trick. However, Mur ray has plenty of non-austerity tricks, with « which he is entertaining the troops. U-BOAT SINKINGS: A joint state ment on U-boat warfare last Decem ber, issued under the authority of ilessrs Churchill and Roosevelt, states the total merchant tonnage lest by U-boat action in December was again low, Respite the extension of operating* areas. Sea forces destroyed fewer U bcats during the month, owing to sev eral factors including caution. - Our j supply routes were, however, well se cure 1 against U-boat attack. U-boats in 1943 sank 40 per cent, of the mer chant tonnage sunk in 1942. On the' other hand. United Nations* tonnage constructed in 1943 was approximately I double the tonnage delivered in 1942.: Nearly half the tonnage lost in 1943 j was sunk in the first three -months, 27 j per cent. in the second three months, I and only 26 per cent, in the last six j months. NEW JET PLANES: The Air Force ] Material Chief (General Chidl&w;) j points out tbe new jet aeroplane does not require tang training. Pilots can I easily operate them. Moreover, the reduced noise and absence of vibra tion are two distinct advantages. The! plane is not noiseless, but the elimina- j tics c£ propeUors and the fact of propulsion from the rear makes for quietness in the cockpit One cause of pilot fatigue is attributed to the propellers thunderous air blast and high-powered engine roar. The ab sence of vibration will bring several advantages, including esse in handl ing. especially in tight manoeuvres, a^ss reduced strain on structure, machinery and instruments. WOMEN DIPLOMATS: The ap poir tment of the Honourable Mis. Stuart-Mackenzie as Assistant to the Commercial .Secretary of the British Embassy in Moscow marks the third occasion when Britain has appointed a woman diplomat. Mrs. Stuart-Mac kenzic is 31. and worked in the Minis try of Economic Warfare, but recently w»s transferred to the Cabinet offices. She is a B. Sc. Economics, London University. The ether two -women given diplomatic status are Mrs. Mary Craig-McGcachy, on the staff of the Public Relations Department, and Mrs. Betty Gibbs, attache, both in Wash ingtcm. WORK OF U.S. LIBERATORS: Pacific Fleet headquarters announced search Liberators bombed. Kwajalein on Sunday without encountering any enemy fighters and suffering no dam age. Seventh Air Force heavy bomb ers last evening bembed Wotje and, in s separate operation the same nlphi, search Liberators attacked .Wot je from a low altitude, sinking" an aux iliary oiler and another small vessel offebore, also wrecking two planes cn the ground, and damaging shore in stallations. All our planes returned safely- On Saturday rnorning, medium bombers attacked Enieiji. in the Jal uits. Flak damaged one of cur planes, one member of the crew being wounded. UVAL FIRED ON": The London '"Daily Mail's" Madrid correspondent states Laval, accompanied by Abptz, was motoring from V'ichv to his coun try residence on Saturday .when; Tommy Runners fired from each sidtj of a road, smashing bis windscreen j and slight]y injuring the chaffeur u*ho j drove on. The sgnnmen fired at thej back of the car, but it was armoured, j Laval's motcr cyclist guard fired at! the gunners without result. No ar-j rests have' been made. I EVACUATING THE SOHME: Thej Vichy radio reports Prefects of thej Channel Coast Department met inj Paris on Monday to discuss the evacu-| ation of the French Channel Coast,! particularly the areas now being sub jected 12 heavy air attacks. The Paris radio states the evacuation of certain areas of the Somme Department has 2lre&dv; been ordered. COVfiliESSMEN BANNED IN SKRVICKS: President Roosevelt has instructed the Secretaries of War and the Navv that members of Congress, cannot serve in the armed- forces.! Piesident Roosevelt said the Attorney General <Mr. Biddlel advised1 the con stitution ' forbade such simultaneous service. He added, apart from this, one of the greatest strengths of demo, cracy iir'Hiie time" of crisis is a strong virile- Congress. ; _ PLANES FROM U.S. DAILY: Hun dreds of officers and tons cf mail and special high priority cargo are being flown across the Pacific to Austral^.. ! Raymond Clapper, the New York .'World-Telegram** columnist, in a mcs rsage from Australia, says: "Our Navy freight plane landed in Australia at twilight after covering. 9500 miles in three days and nights, flying from Washington. There are several Navy planes flying each way daily, plus sev eral for the Army. The Navy's air transport has not lost a single plane in this operation, and only one has been forced down. This is the backbone of our/ communications system in the war in the Pacific, giving speed and flexibility where they are needed, while a vast number*of ships carry eocds." FATE OF CJANOi: The British United Press Berne correspondent states Cia.no is believed to have been already executed. Ciano is reported to have escaped diik-ing the week-end, but was tracked down and: shot, though not gravely wounded. He at tended his trial and heard the death ! sentence pronounced against him. The five condemned men were: Ciano, Mar 1 shal Debono (76), former Commander in-Chief and one of the four leaders of the so-called Fascist March on Home; M&rinelli;, Vice Secretary and Treasurer of the Fascist Party; Pares chi, former Minister for Agriculture and Gotthardi. former Chief .-of the Fascist Trade Union Organisation The German Newsa&ency; states Ciano was sentenced to death. Hie Berlin radio states H>e Bono and Mari nelli also were sentenced to death. NO RACING OX JANUARY 31: Permission to hold a race meeting on the Anniversary Day holiday, January 31, has been refused by Mr. Curtin. The Lord Mayor of Sydney (.Alderman Bartley) made the request considering that the Australian Comforts Fund would benefit. Mr. Curtin, in a tele gram to the Lord Mayor, said under the regulations it was not permissible ! to hold a race meeting on January 31 and he regretted being unable to see his way to amend the regulations. PAPER MICROFILMED; The Gret microfilmed copy of the London "Daily Mail's" weekly arrived here by plane. This and subsequent editions will be a new journalistic venture, which is described as the world's first trans-oceanic newspaper. It will'not be for pubic sale, but 3000 copies will be distributed to Government officials, editors and columnists. The "Daily Mail's*' representative explained the purpose of the publication is to con tribute to British and American re lations. ADMIRAL HALIFAX WOODED: The name of "Vice-Admiral R. H. C. Halifax, C.B, appears among the list, of 256 naval casualties announced to day. He commanded H.M.S. Rodney I frcm 1936 to 1928, and later became I rear-admiral commanding Home Fleet destroyers. ROOSEVELT'S MESSAGE: Presi dent Roosevelt will send an annual message to Ccngress at noon on Tues day. Acting on his physician's advice he-will not deliver it in person. Pre sident Roosevelt will broadcast a sum marised version., occupying 30 minutes, . at 12.30 p.ra on Wednesday. BRITISH BV-ELECTlON: Lieut. H. Lavrson (Commonwealth Party) de feated the Conservative candidate in the Skipton by-election, by a small majority, for a seat that was tradi tionally Conservative. He is the Com monwealth Party's third member in the House of Commons. KAZI TRAP FOB. DANES: The j I "Times" Stockholm correspondent I states German soldiers in Copenhagen trapped Vintor Larsen, Danish Com. j leader, also a companion, into promts- j ing aid to a German soldier who pre- j tended he wished to desert to Sweden. J Ectb Larsen ajiii his companion were i killed by rifie. !li e. ] WIVES OF L'-S. SOLDIERS: The "World-Telegram" columnist Raymond ' Clapper, in a despatch frcm Australia,, says Australia is not considered the crossroads but rather the end of the line, "yet I see many old friends here. One of the best known figures is Jtary: Browne, a tennis star, who is here with the Red Cross. She is especially interested in obtaining legislation per mitting American soldiers to bring Australian wives home, without immi gration and citizenship difficulties. There is a strong feeling among the , military this should be done, otherwise i there will be a large number of diffi- j cult family adjustments when Ameri-1 can scldiers return to the States. As 1 one officer said, when an American comes here, so far from home, to fight j for the country and while here mar- | ries an Australian girl, at least our | country can do is to permit him to bring his wife back 'as an American ' citizen without the tedious process of naturalisation." Clapper points out the servant problem is severe. For in- i stance, on the night Clapper arrived, the American Csnsul invited some friends.- Ms wife and daughter work ed all- day . preparing the food them selves. . RANGE OF BOMBERS: Reuter*s Avatffco writer states the use of bases in tfae Italian mainland for Allied heavy bombers means Flying Fortresses and Liberators are now able from the Mediterranean theatre to bomb Hitler's Balkan centres, in ad dition to southern Germany. . The range erf these bombers makes it pos sibe for «. round trip of about 1000 miles, bringing- the following- targets in their reach; the whole of Greece, In cluding Athens. Sofia, Bucharest, Budapest, the whole of Yugoslavia, viae re they will be able to support Tito's ground forces, Vienna,'southern Germany, including Stuttgart. Nurem berg, and also France, as far as Mar seilles. MR. CASET*S POST: The Ex change Telegraph Agency's correspon dent at New Delhi, says, Mr. A. C. Datta, Deputy President of the Na tional Assembly and member of the Nationalist party, has tabled a motion for the next session of the central legislature ,to discuss the Government of India's failure to protest against the appointment of an Australian as Governor nf Benffal. PIG MEAT FOB QUEENSLAND: Mr. Scully stated on Monday, that a recent conference discussed the more equitable distribution of pig meats be-, tween ine States. Special consideration was being given to the need for en suring that Queensland's civil require ments were adequately met SpnnBES is INDIA: Reuter's New Delhi correspondent disclosed j squadrons of RJLF. Spitfires, which i have been operating from India for some months as -fighters and recon naissance planes, have given highly j satisfactory results. They destroyed 111 bombers, seven fighters and four re connaissance planes and probably de stroyed . three bombers, one fighter,; and also damaged quite a number of j bombers -and fighters. Only two Spit-1 fires were lost in all these operations, one pilot of which is safe. i rNTER-DOMUNTON LABOUR: ! Coinciding with the discussions be tween the Commonwealth and New Zealand Governments. the - ALP. Federal Executive will meet -at Can berra on January 21 Labour Execu tives will meet the National Secre-I tary of the Tf. Z. Labour Party. {Mr.. 21\. Moohan) to discuss the recent1 suggestion by the British Labour Party that an inter-Dominion labour conference be convened as soon as] possible to exchange the views of the Australian and N. Z. parties on post war security measures. EXTRA COUPONS FOB WOBK IjlRS: Extra meat coupons will be is sued to workers performing essential heavy work in Isolated areas and liv ing under .camping conditions, stated Senator Keane on Monday. He added, while no general issue of extra cou pons will be made to heavy workers, some issues on the grounds of hard ship will be made to these workers. The test of hardship, in these remote areas, will be difficulty in obtaining I and cooking foods, which are available ; to other people. Some timber workers i in bush sawmills came under this cate I gory, also train crews, who are absent [from their home stations for periods < of more than 24 hours. Extra coupons will be issued at the rate of half a . coupon per day and not exceeding two full coupons weekly, for special trips. I Railway issues will be made through 1 the Department. TEACHERS NOT AFFILIATING: The Australian Teachers* Federation I at Adelaide decided not to affiliate as [a body with the A.C.T.U. at the an nual council meeting, which opened on Monday. A motion that the respective State branches, not now affiliated, I should reconsider affiliation and they be recommended to do so by the coun cil. was also rejected. Mr. R, Thomson (Qld.) said that to say the A.C.T.TJ. was a non-political body was polite fiction. Queensland, howevefr, might be prepared to consider affiliation. SVDNEVS ELECTRICAL STORM: In a violent electrical storm over Syd ney, four trams and a train were struck by lightning. Drivers of two trains were taken to hospital suffering from shock. One tram wes struck as it was stopping cutside V. ynyard Sta tion in George-street, Passengers were thrown from their seats as smoke en veloped the rear of the car which, however, did riot catch fire. An elec tric train was struck at McDonald town. Lightning fused electricity in many city buildings and lights and lifts were affected. NEW SECRET TECHNIQUES: The "New York Times" correspondent (George Home), at a Central Pacific naval air station, says new secret battle techniques are being --developed in the Pacific, employing devices of which thhe enemy is believed to be un aware. ' Naval authorities are of the opinion they will tremendously affect the outcome and duration of the Paci fic war. . POLISH GO VEHEMENT DEFEND ED: The official Polish newspaper "Dzicnnik Polski" directs attention In a leading article to the critical refer ence in the recent Soviet statement on Russo-Polish relations to the Polish Government in London. It says the Polish Government in London Is a regular not an" emigre government. Poles in Poland consider it their only authority: Wliat is decided is backed by Poles at home. : TEACHERS: atEfrriNC: At the I annual .council meeting , of th-e Aus | tcalian Teachers* Federation on WeJ ! moved that secondary education! I should be freed from University dom-j I ination, which, in many directions, j | had retarded its progress. The motion j | was lost on the voices in favour ot; ; one by Mr. R. K. Thompson (Queens-j | land) stipulating that leaving ajid in-; termed iate examinations should noti be distorted by University require-; :::snts for matriculation. EXAGGERATED CLAIMS: The German controlled Paris- radio, quot ing Berlin, said 136 American planes were shot down over Germany on Tuesday, and 134 of these vrere four engined bombers. The announcer added this total was not final, fhe Swedish "Telegraph*4 Bureau's Berlin correspondent says the U-SA-AF. lost , 25 per cent, of the planes sent over ; Germany on Tuesday. The Stockholm correspondent of the Associated Press says there is some speculation whether ! German fighters are sow equipped I .with the new secret device, making them more effective in combating multi- engined bombers. German offi cial circles decline to comment. The "Evening News** aviation correspon dent thinks German figures of Ameri can losses In the daylight battle is probably 100 per cent, exaggeration. The correspondent quotes returning bomber pilots as saying the target looked like a cardboard box, being smashed to pieces. MEAT n)SmOK: The Brisbane Master Butchers* Federation secretary (Mr. J. Munro) said on Wednesday if meat prices were to be altered in Queensland it would be reasonable to expect increases being granted. If in creases were not granted, the trade might have to seek subsidies to enable them to carry on. Mr. Munro said the meat ration quota scheme had reduced' butchers4 turnovers and had resulted in. higher overhead expenses per.Ib, of meat sold. . COLXJNSVUXE MINERS RESUME: Miners at Coliinsvflle - State Mine who struck last Thursday, resumed work on Wednesday pending the hearing of the dispute toy the local hoard of reference, which will sit to-morrow. 64 &S.; PLANES IJOST: During the American heavy bombers massive day light raid on North-western Germany on Tuesday, in which the Germans claimed to hare shot down 136 Ameri can planes for the loss of only nine of their own,: the Luftwaffe's lighter screen was the greatest It has put up since Allied obliteration bombing was intiated. American headquarters late to-night said 59 bombers and five fighters have been lost. FORMOSA RAIDED: The Japanese News Agency says several enemy bom bers' attacked the neighborhood of Takao and Temsui In Formosa. Only negligible damage was caused. Ameri can and Chinese planes raided For mosa on November 25 for the first time. The Tokio radio says several enemy bombers attacked in the vicinity of Takao Ensui on Formosa on Tuesday, causing very slight damage. Planes attacked Formosa because impene trable defences precluded a direct at tack against the Japanese mainland. WITH THE YUGOSLAVS: The Yugoslav Army of liberation com munique states strong German formations succeeded in thrusting for ward from Banjaluka to Jajce, where fierce lighting is now in progress. Yugoslav Partisans in north-wester Bosna are operating successfully along the railways. Other Yugoslavs are operating successfully at Satodjak and captured much war material. Rail way traffic between Zegreb and Kar lovac is also interrupted.' CHINESE QUISLINGS: Denying reports that Wang: Ching Wei would go unpunished after the vcar, the Foreign Minister (Wu) asserted China undoubtedly would deal severe punish ment to Quislings. "The type of punishment has sot yet been deter mined, but vre have a list of all Chinese traitors, including almost all those serving the bogus Puppet Gov ernment. EVACUATION of SOFIA: The "Telegraph's" Istanbul correspondent says owing to Allied air attacks, the Bulgarian Government is reported to have ordered the entire civilian popu lation of Sofia to evacuate to the provinces. Other places scheduled for early evacuation are reported to in clude Varna, Burgas, and also towns on the railway lines, linking Bulgaria and Yugoslavia. PACIFIC IVAB COUNCIL: After three months inactivity, "the Pacific War Council met to-day. Mr. Nash told the Press, Mr. Roosevelt dis cussed results of the Teheran and Cairo conferences in relation to the Pacific. He pointed out though the position was much brighter, the end was still a long way off. Mr. Nash particularly praised the splendid job done tiv American Marines at Tarawa. f STOOK FEED CONTKOI-: All stock feed Is brought within the scope of the National Security Agricultural Aids Regulations by an amendment gazetted on Thursday, so that control may be exercised 'if necessary. The terms and the conditions of the con trol are left to the discretion of Mr. Scully. Instead of requiting that they will be specified In 'each order," this will simplify machinery used in the 'regulation of sales and manufacture. HOTEL PILFERING: ' Hotels in London are reporting , increased pilr feringby quests who ft*e leaving wiOk, towels, pillow cases, sheets and even blankets, thus meeting the shortage of domestic clothing coupons Some hotels are even warning guests ggaiggt leaving boots jand shoes outside bedroom doors Cor -cleaning, as oo?®* guests are likely to help themselves. iVEriVOKH Or" ROAIW: Mr. Roose volt has submitted to Congresc a pro posal for the development of a na tional highway system, connecting the principal geographic regions and pro viding 34,000 miles of network of modern rokds essential to the/future economic welfare and defencc. esti mated to cost 750,000 dollar a year, spread over a reasonable /sriod years. U.K. RAID CASUALTIES: The British Ministry for Home Security states 10 civilians were killed or he* lieved killed and 41 injured and de tained in hospital as a result of enemy raids against Britain in December. A&M;¥ CLOTHES FOR PUBLIC: Obsolete but serviceable army cloth ing U to be renovated and released to the public, Mr. Lazzarini said on Thursday. This clothing will be re* made into civilian garments or used as working clothes. EXPLOSION IN MUSEUM: A Ger man mortar grenade, which had been lying in the Australian Museum at Canberra since last war, exploded oa Thursday morning and damaged & small portion of the roof, in the gun. chamber. Allan Brown <12} of Xarran bundah and his sister, who are holi daying in Canberra, and who were, standing nearby, suffered slight shock. It 'was officially explained the ex plosive had been removed from the grenade but the projection charge still remained. It was this charge that was set off in some manner. The charge was of sufficient to have sent a four pound projectile 2uOC vanls. had it been fired in the open. It struck the roof with such force that "the hose was shattered. The grenade was one of two in the museum. Both explosive and projection charge had been re moved from the other. 