ISj?wSiSl^^B|ST^^^WMl^P5^PSlj«B By 'TRUTH'S' OWM DOCTOR./ Medical Answers to i t Correspondents \ Koi 214.— 'Very Worried.' Told she la anaemic would like advice Reply.— If condition is one falling within category of pernicious anaemia, nothing more can be done other than ' follow your doctor's treatment. I know nothing respecting your blood count, so it No. 215.= — 'No. 56' has trouble going down stepB,.lctfs seem to go stiff. Reply. — Condition may be associated ' with rheumatism, but one cannot-jump : to conclusions. Full examination neces sary, as it may be something associated with nervous disorder. No. 216. — 'Nervy' is 65 years of age. Buffering from nerves. Would like some r*»ltftf_ 1 Reply. — Loss of sleep often very Im portant contributing cause. Suggest that you ask your medical adviser to pre scribe Soneryl (M. & B.) to be taken at bedtime and full doses of Irrldol-A dally. No. 317. ? 'Freckles.' Always wise to con sult experienced practitioner before stork, arrives. It may be means of sav ing yourself lot of unnecessary pain and serious complications. From your 'data, the stork may be expected on or about September 27. No. 218. — 'fCompIalnts.' Bad pains across \- back and paralysing -kind of, cramp. In shoulder. Son aged 14, always seems to have a cold. Had antrum operation re cently Reply. — Suggest you take 2 tablets of Vitamln-B. D.H.A.. 'three times a day and at bedtime. Let boy have six hypo dermic Injections of dissolved Cold No.'*?.- 'Worried.' Troubled with dull heavy feeling in left side just below shoulder. ' .. ' Reply. — If you can procure them sug gest Arthrytln, one tablet three ..times a day after meals and continue for several 2io. 220.— 'Curious.' 'Uttle immigrant should arrive on or about November 21. No. 221. — OMc' complains of Itch which he caught from grandchildren; Small red lumps all over body and neck. Using Calamine lotion, but with no' effect. Reply. — Your- treatment no good. Condition almost certain to be scabies. Use Danish Ointment. Must be cleaned up or It -will go on for 'months even indefinitely. - No. 222^'Snfferer** la 77 years of age, \- - suffering; from continuous pain ncneatn left shoulder blade. ? ^ Reply. — May be . rheumatic, bat ? despite your- doctor's opinion, there Is ?possibility that it to associated with heart. Cardlographic examination, coupled with further examination ol heart might reveal some Interference with hearfs-blood supply. Worthy of ?No.OI!t2S.^3TVorrled Mother.' Son, .aged 14..startlBE to shave. Is breaking out In rash on face. Smokes about three cigar ettes a week also. Reply.— Foolish to start s^oWns before he has reached adult life. Will stunt his growth and dull hto brain. Obtain Antivlrln (Glaxo) Acne mixed Antivirus Jelly and let him rub It Into skin of face three times a day. No. 2S1.— 'P .X.X..' Prostatic secretion and of no significance in such circum No.ta22si-'C.C.' Husband suffers with severe pains in head. Has had injections for It but without eflect. Forehead sore to touch, and there is a stiffness about neck. He Is IS years of age. Reply. — Too complicated a case to venture an opinion, beyond saying it might be kidney, liver, or brain tumor. At his age anything might happon, and I am surprised that you have not been advised by hospital authorities as to his No.°326.— 'Watchlnc' -Wife has been ad vised to have operation on lalloplan tubes, which are said to be ; blocked. Would like my advice. Both anxious for a family. Reply.— Do not agree. She has good health now. Sho might lose her life. There Is no guarantee that operation ?will right present difficulty. Were such the case, she might be prepared to take Ko.h227!— 'XIZ. Chliacrs.' Husband Is very nervy Also son, home from New Guinea, Koine bald. Would like to know how to. use lactic acid, which she has been told is B'Od for this condition. Keply.— Let both of j010™^^0 P£}g; tablet after meals threo times a day. The son should paint lactic add on No. 228. — 'Windsor.' Son has rash on nose caused by dandruff. Reply.— If there Is dandruff It should receive attention. ^Suggest you also ob tain Antlvlrln (Glaxo) mixed antivirus jelly and rub gently but thoroughly into affected area night and morning regularly. Send stamped. addressed envelope and ask for leaflet on dandruff. No. 220.— 'Anxious Mother.' Worried over son in New Guinea, who haa had' several attacks of malaria and is los ing all his hair. Reply ? Probably anaemic Suggest Hcpasol and Polyhaemen. No. 230. — 'Valentine'' Is 18 years of age, suffers from sovere spasmodic pains De low navel and under left breast. Periodical processes irregular. Reply.— Under medical direction take ? Stllbocsterol. Also, after each meal, take one lablet of Polybacmen. Q.P..for six months. For pains when they commence, suggest you ask your doctor to prescribe ' Sonalgin (M. & B.). No. 231.— 'EJU.K.' No euro for condition, I regret to say. Treatment will do muca to relieve but will not cure. No.' 232.— 'Disappointed' would like a visit from sttirk. Told she should have onerntlon to straighten uterus. Would like my advice. . ?? ? iCi-p.y — Absolutely no guarantoe that operation will cause you to have visit from stork. You will bo called upon to take considerable risk and suffer much 'Cain Keen your1 money and avoid risk \- and 'discomfort. Ask your husband to 'take Polyhaemen, G.P., one tablet three times a day^ alter sneal3 lor three to six months. * ? ' ? , No. 233.— 'May' would like advice about little girl who wets bed. and does not seem to have any control over bladder. Reply. — As last resort It -may be necessary to perform operation. Suggest you take her to a doctor who Is a specialist In urology, rhese cases are am not in (av,r of doping children with large quantities of drugs. Name of specialists will be given on receipt of stamped, addressed envelope. ?No. 234. — 'Rheumy' would like to know cause of gout. Reply. — Apparently constitutional condition associated with food asslml ? lati -n and disposal in the body. No. 235.— 'Bolero.' If you can give me Sizable to^hel^yoii. ? In reply to your other question — no use. Where did you get such a ridicu.ous idea7 - No. 23G. — 'Mrs. A.' Wjuld like to know if stitching back uterus -would cause pain , in back passage. Reply. — You have not finished with your pains T would say. However, if piles are adding to your ^discomfort. Insert one Proctold (Glaxo) high In the bowel night and morning.- , No. 237. — 'Evelyn.' Daughter- suffers with heavy colds in head, wheezing In. chest. Reply.— -Give her ne capsule of Combex night and morning; ask yonr . medical adviser to give her a course of hypo dermic Injections of Mixed Cold dis solved vaccine (Glaxo). It may do a great deal of good. No. 238.— 'Budtlah 18' would like to know If stone In kidney could be removed Reply. — There are many instances known to medical profess! on '-'In which ? stone in the kidney has given rise- to are known as 'silent' Btones, but no one can foretell when very serious Bymptoms will arise. Stones are ox var ' lous composition. e.g.. uric acid. oxalate of lime; phosphatlc, etc Some hard and rough, others smooth. Diet may hava distinct bearing on growth or otherwise of stone. Stone cannot be removed other than surgically. Advise you to consult experienced -urologist. If kidney becomes Inflamed, may result In complete disorganisation and .necessity for removal. Hence Importance of seeking sound opinion early and also of making sure that stone is present. Recall a little joke of one of my teachers at a great London Hospital. Said he: 'Gentlemen, when you are about to operate for stone in the bladder, be sure that you have one In your pocket 1' Indicating that often operations were performed In those days for phantom stones in the bladder. No. 239.— 'K.S' has little girl -with ring .?worm In her head and would like to know names of * some of Brisbane's leading specialists. t(lWnP. -,pr Reply— Lose no time in laKing ner to skin specialist. You will never get rid of trouble till you do, and child may bo left with horrible bald patches on head Send- stamped, addressed enve lope and ask for name of skin specialist. Mention subject again- so thero will be no delay. No. 240. — '3S.' No, not quite so easy as that so my advice is do not take risks as the point y.iu make has nothing whatever to do with conception. Proce dure vou adoDt would be practically useless in greater number of Instances. No. 241. — 'Worried Diane.' Periodical pro cesses irregular. Is .18 years of age. Keply'.— If your health is otherwise good, why worry? Continue to take tonics you mention ana, in a a union. ink doctor to give you Stilboesterol. This should put matters right. No. 24S.— 'Taranova.' Sister-in- law, who ? is expecting visit from stork Buffers with rheumatism in legs. Reply. — Stork arrives May 15 or thereabiuts. The stuff she is taking has ono thing to recommend it — the price. No. harmless to the new arrival. No. 243.— 'Confident.' Suffering with duodenal ulcer; would like advice. Bcply.— Send stamped. addressed envelope and ask for leaflet on diet. Follow Instructions carefully. No new bread. Obtain and take Amphojcl In full quantity one hour before meals. No No 244. — 'Xlfehnoy' would like to stop smoking, but will not strong enough. Would like my help. Reply.— Sorry tor you If you have not will power to stop Bmoking. No drugs will help. Cigarettes could ruin your heart In time. Leave the boy alone. Take no notice. He should grow out of it If it Is a habit spasm, but have a good physician overhaul him Just to mako sure it Is not chorea. Never draw No. 245.— 'Mm. A. J.' After such opera tion you- are likely to suffer from aurglcal shock for two years or more, thereforo you cannot expect to feel normal for quite a while yet. Think you are little Impatient and worrying at '? tardiness of your recovery. Site of pain pile8 tronble. I should advise you to Insert one Proctold high In bowel night and morning till relieved. I advlso you to continue with the Hepasol Co. and Polyhaemen for long time yet. Tou set me a hard task, for I have nerer Trutrrs- aoctoi will answer .] medical queries ol reader* eacn i week Address vour questions i and problems to biru at Trutn/ ? ;Brunswick ano Me LacnJarj Streets. VaUes Bns- , Dane Mark envelopes '61601031 i Section' ana supdI* a nom ae ] ulume toi reolv ourposes. as well -us voui name and address. ; All correspondence will oe , created as confidential i Correspondents should write | tn inn using one side ol toe paper orJv and setting forth ( the Question they desue , answered clearly and concisely, i Please keep letters a.! brief as i oossible in outlining svmDtoms. 