BRIEF NEWS ITEMS ILLUSIONIST'S TBIALS: The Aus tralian illusionist Murray told the 'Dally Mall' he regards Mr. Bevln as one of the greatest exponents of the vanishing lady trick, because he takes girls as fast as Murray can train II1EU1. JHUII»J HM fcUIJT fLUlC l*J |JCI ~ form the trick now because his wire does the vanishing besides caring for a year-old baby, but Murray cannot perform the rabbit bat trick, because rabbits are needed- for food and can not do handkerchief tricks, because he bas no coupons. He cannot produce a £1 note from a lemon because there are no lemons. Similarly, egg tricks are Impossible, also pistol act* because of the shortage of blank cartridges, fhlch make audiences blink at the moment of the trick. However, Mur ray has plenty of non-austerity tricks, with which he Is entertaining the U-BOAT SINKINGS: A Joint state ment on U-boat warfare last Decem ber, Issued under the authority of Messrs Churchill and Roosevelt, states the total merchant tonnage lut by U-boat action In December was again low, despite the extension of operating areas. Sea forces destroyed fewer U boats during the month, owing to sev eral factors Including caution. Our supply routes were, however, well se cured against U-boat attack. U-boats in 1M3 sank 40 per cent, of the mer chant tonnue sunk in 1°42. On the other hand, United Nations' tonnage constructed In 1948 was approximately double the tonnage delivered tn 1942. Nearly half the tonnage lost In 1943 was sunk In the first three months, 27 per cent. In the second three month*, and only 28 per cent In the last six months. NEW JET PLANKS: The Air Force Material Chief (General Chidlaw) points out the new jet aeroplane does not require long training. Pilots can easily operate them. Moreover, the reduced noise and absence or vibra tion are two distinct advantages. The plane Is not noiseless, but the elimina tion of propellon and the fact of propulsion from the rear makes for quietness in the cockpit One cause of pilot fatigue Is attributed to the propeller's thunderous air blast and high-powered engine roar. The ab sence ot vibration will bring several advantages, Including ease in handl ing, especially in tight manoeuvres, also reduced strain on structure, machinery and instruments. WOMEN DLPM)MATS: The ap pcit.tment of the Honourable Mrs. Stuart-Mackenzie as Assistant to tbe Commercial Secretary of the British Embassy In Moscow marks the third occasion when Britain bas appointed a woman diplomat Mrs. StuartMac kentle is SI, and worker! in the Minis try of Economic Warfare, but recently was transferred to the Cabinet officer She is a B. Sc. Economics, London University. The ether two women given diplomatic status are Mrs. Mary Cralg-McOeachy, on the staff of the Public Relations Department, and Mrs. Betty Gibbs, attache, both In Wash ington. WORK OF U.S. LIBERATORS: Pacific Fleet headquarters announced search Liberators bombed Kwajaleln on Sunday without encountering any enemy fighters and suffering no dam age. Seventh Air Force heavy bomb ers last evening bombed Wotje and, In a separate operation tbe same night, search Liberators attacked Wot Je from a low altitude, sinking en aux iliary oiler andi another small vessel offshore, also wrecking two planes on the ground, -and damaging shore in stallations. All our planes returned safely. On Saturday morning, medium bombers attacked Smetjl, In the Jal uits. Flak damaged one of our planes, one member of the crew being wounded. LAVAL FIRED ON: The London 'Daily Mail's' Madrid correspondent states Laval, accompanied by Abetz, was motoring from Vichy to his coun try residence on Saturday when Tommy gunners fired from each side of a road, smashing his windscreen and slightly injuring the chaffeur who drove on. The gunmen fired at the back of the car, but It was armoured. Laval's motor cyclist guard fired at the gunners without result No ar rests have been made. EVACUATING TUB SOMME: The Vichy radio reports Prefects o( the Channel Coast Department met in Paris os Monday to dlseusi the evacu ation of the French Channel Coast, particularly the areas now being sub jected to heavy air attacks. The Paris areas of the Somme Department has already been ordered. ADSnBAL HALIFAX WOUNDED: The name ot Vlce-Admlral R. H. C. Halifax, CJB, appears among the list ot 256 naval casualties announced to day. He commanded H.MJ3. Rodney from 1936 to 1938, and later became rear-admiral commanding- 06&dp; Jfteet deitrovers. ? ? . - n ' ROOSEVELT'S MESSAGE! ; Presi dent Roosevelt will wad an annual message to Congress at noon on Tues day. Acting on his physician's advice he will aot deliver It In person. Pre sident Roosevelt will broadcast a sum marised version, occupying 30 minutes, %t 1220 p.ra on Wednesday, PAFEB MICROFILMED: The first microfilmed copy of the London 'Dally Mall's' weekly arrived here by plane. This and subsequent editions will be a new Journalistic venture, which is described as the world's first trans-oceanic newspaper. It will not be for pubic sale, but 3000 copies will be distributed to Government officials, editors and columnists. The 'Dally Mail's' representative explained the purpose of the publication la to con tribute to British and American re lations. BRITISH BY-ELECTION: Lieut H. Ltiwson (Commonwealth Party) de feated the Conservative candidate In the Sklpton by-election, by a email majority, for a seat that was tradi tionally Conservative. He is the Com monwealth Party's third member in the House of Commons. NAZI TRAP FOB DANES: The 'Times' Stockholm correspondent states German soldiers in Copenhagen trapped VintorLanen, Danish Com. leader, also a companion, into promis ing aid to a German soldier who pre tended be wished to desert to Sweden. Both Larsen and hU companion were killed by rifle fire. PLANES FROM U.S. DAILY: Hun dreds ot officers and tons ot mall and special high priority cargo are being flown across the Pacific to Australia. Raymond Clapper, the New York 'World-Telegram' columnist, in a mes sage from Australia, says: 'Our Navy freight plane landed in Australia at twilight after covering 9500 miles in three riayi and nights, Dying from Washington. There are several Navy planes Dying each way daily, plus sev eral for the Army. The Navy's air transport has not lost a single plane In this operation, and only one has been forced down. ThU is the backbone of our communications system In the war in the Pacific, giving speed and flexibility where they are needed, while a vast number of ships carry goods.' FATE OF CIANO?: The British United Press Berne correspondent states Clano 1b believed to bave been already executed. Clano Is reported to have escaped during the week-end, but was tracked down and shot, though not gravely wounded. He at tended his trial and heard the death sentence pronounced against him. The five condemned men were: Clano, Mar ehal Debono (78), former Commaniter m-Chlef and one of the four leaders of the so-called Fascist March on Rome; Marlnelll, Vice Secretary and Treasurer of the Fascist Party, Pares chl, former Minister for Agriculture and Gottharfll. termer Chief of tbe. Fascist Trade Union Organisation. The German Newsagency stales Ciano was sentenced to death. The Berlin radio states De Bono and Mar! nelll also were sentenced to death. NO RACING ON JANUARY 81: Permission to hold a race meeting on the Anniversary Day holiday, January 31, bas been refused by Mr. Curtln. The Lord Mayor of Sydney (Alderman Bartley) made the request considering that the Australian Comforts Fund would benefit. Mr. Curtln, in a tele gram to the Lord Mayor, said under the regulations it was not permissible to hold a race meeting on January 31 and he regretted being unable to see his way to amend the regulations, SPITFIRES IN INDIA: Reuter's New Delhi correspondent disclosed squadrons of R-A.F, Spitfires, which have been operating from India for some months aa fighters and recon naissance planes, have given highly satisfactory results.. They destroyed 11 bombers, seven fighters and four re connaissance planes and probably de stroyed three bombers, one fighter, and also damaged quite a number of bombers and fighters. Only two Spit Ores were lost in all these operations, one pilot ot which is safe. INTER-DOMINION LABOUR: Coinciding with the discussions be tween tbe Commonwealth a&d; New Zealand Governments, the A.L.P. Federal Executive will meet at Can berra on January 24. Labour Execu tives will meet the National Secre tary of the N. Z. Labour Party (Mr. M. Moohen) to discuss the recent suggestion by the British Labour Party that an lnter-Domlnlon Labour conference be convened as soon as possible to exchange the views of the Australian and N. Z. parties on post* war securltv measures. EXTRA COUPONS FOB WORK ERS: Extra meat coupons will be Is sued to workers performing essential beavy work in Isolated areas and liv ing under camping conditions* stated Senator Keane on Monday. He added, while no general issue of extra cou pons will be made to beavy workers, some Issues on the grounds of hard ship will be made to these workers. The test of hardship. In these remote areas, will be difficulty In obtaining and cooking foods, which are available to other people. Some Umber workers in bush sawmills came under this cate gory, also train crews, who are absent from their home stations for periods of more than 24 hours. Extra coupons will be issued at the rate of half a coupon per day and not exceeding two full coupons weekly, for special trips. Railway Issues will be made through the Department TEACHERS NOT AFFILIATING: The Australian Teachers' Federation at Adelaide decided not to affiliate u a bedy with the A.C.T.U. at tbe an nual council meeting, which opened on Monday. A motion that the respective State branches, not now affiliated, should reconsider affiliation and they be recommended to do to by the coun cil, was also rejected. Mr. R. Thomson -Qlu.- said that to say the A.C.T.U. was a non- political body was polite fiction. Queensland, however, might be prepared to consider affiliation, SYDNEY'S ELECTRICAL STORM: In a violent electrical storm over Syd ney, four trams and a train were struck by lightning. Drivers of two trains .were taken to hospital suffering from shock. One tram was struck as it was stopping outside Wynyard Sta tion In George-street. Passengers were thrown from their seats as smoke en veloped the rear of the car which, however, did not catch fire. An elec tric train was struck at McDonald town. Lightning fused electricity In many city buildings and lights and lifts were affected. WIVES OF TJ.S. SOLDIERS: The 'World-Telegram' columnist Raymond Claoner, In a despatch from Australia, says Australia is not considered the crossroads but rather the end of tbe line, 'yet I see many old friends here. One ot the best known figures Is Mary Browne, a tennis star, who is here with the Red Crass. She is especially Interested in obtaining legislation per mitting American soldiers to bring Australian wives home, without Immi gration and citizenship 'difficulties. There Is a strong feeling among the military this should be done, otherwise there -will be a large number of diffi cult family adjustments when Ameri can soldiers return to the States. As one officer said, when an Americas comes here, so far from home, to fight for the country and while here mar ries an Australian girl, at least our country can do Is to permit him to bring his wife back as an American citizen without the tedious process of naturalisation,' Clapper points out the servant problem Is severe. For in stance, on the night clapper arrived, the American Consul Invited: some friends. His wife and daughter work ed all day preparing the food them 