) Post-War Reconstruction. c^. Ernest Bright gives his , j Views. * i'FLE Mi oV BULLDOZERS.' the '^asi ib'sue of the 'Macleay Algus' Appeared the' following article, together- with a photo, giving the views of Cr. Ernest Wright, of Tuncurry, on jtlie suhiect of 'Post- War Rficoiistruction.'' The editor in forms, li is readers -yho Mr. Wright is and then follows the article, as un der:, Mr. Ernest Wiigljt is a son of tbe late Mr. John Wright, who founded the township of Tuiicun'y 60 years ago, and claims to be the first white child born .there. ? At Tuncurry, Mr. John Wright es tablished a sawmill, shipyard and general, business, which Is now known as the firm of John \Vright and, Com pany, and of which Mr, Ernest Wright is a .'director. HVj was educated at, Newcastle Hisli School, and. on. leaving at the age of 18, entered Ills father's shipyard as Jl an apprentice. His keen interest iu liis work led to an extensive study of all things relating to wooden ship building, sawinilling and forestry. Wat-king iu close touch with the late Sir Allen.. Taylor, Mr. Wright, 011 the death of his father, continued the shipbuilding industry, and in 1937 had the honor of having built the largest wooden ship iu Australia. AlwaVs keen 011 advancement, Mr. Wright interested himself ill dairying and rural electricity, and worked hard to establish a butter factory at Tuncurry to serve the dairymen of the Wallamba. This eventuated in 1919, and Mr. Wright has been its chairman of directors for more than twenty years. Since the establishment ol the factory an ice plant was intro duced to serve the fishermen aud town with ice, and also electric power has been installed to light the towns of Tuncurry and Forster. Mr. Wright has been a Manning Shire councillor for 10 years, and is an ardent advocate for electricity for the farmers at a flat rate for ali. This scheme is in its embyro stage, but Mr. Wright firmly bejieves it will eventuate as a post-war possibility, aud he is at present working with men who are responsible towards that end. 'What is to be Australia's place in lhe post-war world?' It is to be hoped that the Prime Minister will have some ideas as to the answer to this question on his return from London, but. for many Australians the answer reme.in^ a profound and perplexing mystery, writes Mr. Wright. ? , We reajise now that it was little Short of a miracle whic'n saved this continent from invasion. If we had ever fa^d up to tiie possibility of a JapauesiBLwar of aggression in the Pacific — -^hich most Australians hadn't— we had comforted ourselves ?with fie. thought that Singapore, the British Navy and the forces of the United States of America would, be tween tiiem, soon deal with the little \- yellow ,nien. It was assumed that Australja, with a population ol' six and a, half millions, could do nothing to defend herself in any case, so why worry? ( .Now, we have beeu forced to realise how near we were to being conquered— how uear is the 'Near North''— how remote the great power of. Britain and the United States. We li^ye been forced to see that our norUiern neighbours are clever, industrious, far-sighted; that i-rompt- ing this far-sightedness is a land huiiger, a need for territories in which ,to settle their over-crowded popula tions. Nor cau a military victory for the Allies remove tiie threat of these overcrowded populations. At best it will, put off the evil day for an inde terminate period. The fact is that we iive iu the Asiastic-Paciflc world, and our future as a nation will largely depend on how we cau accommodate ourselves to our geqgraphical situation— to what extent we can come to terms with our neighbours, and to what degree we can become capable of defending this country against attack, should the need arise. , !fhe basfic problem militarily, and morally qf course, is tlie size of our population. Six and a half million, people cannot defend this country; six aud a half piillion people have 110 right to try to hold this country in the face of grossly over-populated ' countries elsewhere. This situation \ contains within itself the genu, of our 1 destruction. The slogan 'Populate orl icjjttu 110 lunger cuyers me iacm. - | Somehow the resources of thisj country must be so developed that it I will be possible to open oiir doors to j an ever-increasing flow of immigrants, ' 1 until the population is commensurate with the productive capacity of the country — until we have become cap able of defending — until we have a moral right to defend it. How are the resources of Australia | to be developed to produce such a j result? I It is conservatively estimated that | this country could support a popula-' tion of thirty million. Many would put the figure much higher. What | changes arc necessary to make this possible? I would put forth in the first place a change is necessary in the attitude of the people towards the soil itself. The history of Australian agriculture so far has been a melancholy one of exploitation for quick pfofits, of ruin ous deforestation, of denuding the soil of its fertility, bringing with it the tragedy of erosion, the grim spectacle of land which, with careful husbanding could have been improved instead of being turned iuto menacing sandhills. I consider that our first task is to direct all the power of science towards revitalising land which to-day may be producing crops or carrying stock, but which to-morrow may be abandoned because of the thoughtless aud selfish reduction of its fertility. Secondly, the best available en gineering brains must be directed to wards conserving and using to the best advantage the water resources of the country, with tbe object of open ing up for agricultural and pastoral use some of tbe great areas pf our lands. One way in which this might be done is set out in a most convincing v:a.y by Mr. I011 L. Idriess in his book, 'The Great Boomerang.' Briefly, his plan is to divert the flcod-waters from tbe numerous rivers which run down the coastal ranges of Queenslaud into the sea, back over the ranges, aHid to spill them into tlie dry riverbeds of tbe Cooper, Diamentina and Georgina, thus irrigating a vast area of the hinterland, where the soil is rich and only awaits water to turn it into a prosperous, fertile plain. To appreci ate the full significance of his plan, Mr. Idriess' hook must be read and I carefully studied, ^he lay mind may Ihe inclined to dismiss the idea as 1 fantastic .and impracticable. Put in these days we must 110 longer think iu terms of the pick and slipvel, but in terms of fleets of bull dozers, which have already achieved the seemingly- impossible by laying \- down airstrips and roads in the I' jungle of New Guinea. Concurrent with this use of the Queepslaiid . livers goes the other important part of Mr. Idriess* plan, which is to harness the waterfalls of those rivers to prod.uce electric pow er. An abundaut supply of cheap power in Queenslaud would not only transform the life and work of the ] man on the land, but would also make possible and practicable the opening of . vast new secondary industries in I that elate. I This is more significant than it may | seem at first sight. Cheap power I means lower production costs — a fac tor vital to both primary and sec ondary producers. Our dairying iu- 1 dustry has good cause for uneasiness j when it is realised that Australian 1 butter, for instance, cannot compete with Danish butter ou the English market without a substantial Goveru meiit subsidy. The result is that Aus tralian consumers have to pay more' for Australian butter than English i consumers — all due, discourse, to the high cost of production. Woolgrowers may well view with alarm the success of German scientists iu providing effective synthetic substitutes for I wool at a fraction of the cost of tlie natural-product. The wheatgrower will have to battle on the world mar kets with competitors whose highly mechanised methods of production will have cut costs far below the Aus-j tralian basic figure. The same prob- j lem, in different terms, will face all. primary producers relying ou ex-i port trade. The necessity for a drastic cut in the costs of all Aus- 1 traliau production is obvious, aud an j abundant supply . of cheap electrical , power would lie oue great means of j meeting this need, ? reducing, as it j would, labor costs to a minimum. j The implications of Mr. Idriess' 1 plan are clearly enormous and may well contain the answer to some of j Australia's most pressing problems. J What applies to the Queeusland rivers and their use as a source o£ power could also be made to apply to many of our coastal rivers and rivers iu other States of the Common- 1 wealth. I That the destiny of Australia is bound up with the soil may indeed be evident to those who live by the soil, hut it is by no means evident to | the bulk of the Australian people. Jf it be granted that our future exist ence as a nation depends ou this country containing a population com mensurate with its resources, it is clear that our' first objective must be to develop our primary production to its fullest capacity, because it is anly on thobasis of sound aud healthy | primary industry that secondary in iustries, which must employ the bulk of the p'opulatiou, can be built. Australia's place iu the post-war ?world will be determined by the breadth of vision, tlie realism, the far-sightedness of her statesmanship in approaching those basic problems which belong so inextricably to our peace; and by the energy and resolu tion with which we put our plans into operation. We need a complete revolution in our small-scale and insular way ot thinking. The lessons of the war^as applied to this continent demand nothing less. - .- 