CABLES IN BRIEF ? LONDON, Tuesday. Booty worth £75,000,000 captured by the Allies from the Germans in Italy is now being sorted for sale to Italy. Large amounts of salvaged metal and rubber have already been handed over. « « « Fifty persons were killed and 60 were seriously injured in a collision between a railway car and a train on Friday night near Grenoble (France). Many of the occupants were wedged * beneath * the » wreckage. Henry Kaiser and Joseph Frazer, president of the Graham-Paige Corporation, have announced the formation of a 20,000,000 dollar company to produce low-priced Kaiser cars at the former bomber plant at Willow Run. * * * Mr Winston Churchill has arrived at Monte Carlo from Italy for a brief holiday. Allied authorities collaborating with the Danish police, have arrested 500 people, mostly Danes, but including some Germans, suspected as acting as enemy agents during the war. The spies were ordered to continue to work in the event of a German defeat in order to lay the foundations for a third world war. * * • A military court at Belgrade has sentenced to death 17 people, including' 14 Germans, for treason, collaboration, the killing of patriots, and the burning of villages. Sixteen others were sentenced to terms of hard labor. * » » Group Captain Johnnie Johnson has accepted a permanent RAF Commission. He shot down 38 German planes and is officially declared to be the top-scoring Allied pilot of the European war. * * » President Truman has addressed a personal letter to the British Cabinet, in which he supports the Jewish Agency's claim for the immediate grant of 100,000 certificates for the emergency immigration of Jews to Palestine. * * » The Russians at the last minute have cancelled their entries in the four nations' sports contest at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin on September 23. No reason has been given. * * * The Duke and Duchess of Windsor arrived at their Paris residence on Saturday. The Duke was appalled by the damage he saw at Le Havre. The Duchess is determined to take up French relief work. 