ICELAND BECOMES A REPUBLIC A COLD VOLCANIC ISLAND HAS PLAYED A STRATEGIC PART IN THIS WAR By a Special Correspondent RECENTLY, Iceland's 1,014-year-old Althing, or National Parliament, declared Iceland an independent pendent republic, thus finally sever- ing the island's association with Denmark - an association which had lasted more than five and a half centuries. Lying close to some of the principal convoy routes of war, Iceland occupies a position of very great strategic im- portance in the far reaches of the North Atlantic, and it is certain to maintain its significance with the es- tablishment of postwar. Trans-Atlantic air routes. A volcanic island, Iceland has an area of approximately 40,500 square miles. Its population is about 120,000, of whom one-third live in the capital, Reykjavik. After the First World War, a Federal ral Constitution was drawn up and accepted by Denmark and Iceland, under which they were independent states united under the same sove- reign, and with foreign affairs and defence matters under Denmark's control. On the German invasion of Denmark in April, 1940, the Icelandic Government was temporarily invested with the royal power by resolution of the Althing. On May 17, 1941, the Althing decided to sever the union and to elect a Regent to serve for one year at a time, a Republic to be de- clared as soon as the union was for- mally dissolved. Iceland's declara- tion, made in June last, does not re- flect antagonism towards the Danes, for whom Icelanders have great sym- . pathy, but it is recognition of the fact that the union was of no practical value. Iceland, which lies just south of the Arctic Circle, is a weather-carved plateau culminating in an ice-capped watershed covering 5,000 square miles and containing 120 glaciers. There are more than 100 volcanic peaks, of which about 30 have recorded erup- tions, and lava-flows cover nearly 5,000 square miles. Although the climate is comparatively mild for the latitudes in which Iceland is situated, the only habitable areas of the island are the valleys and lowlands, one- fourth of the total area. The most celebrated of Iceland's volcanoes is Mt Hecla (5,095ft), which was held by some medieval teachers to be the gateway to hell. Other famous volcanoes are Katla and Askja. In 1783 a chain of more than 100 craters on Mt Laki erupted. Large areas were covered with lava flows and volcanic ash, causing the de- struction of four-fifths of Iceland's live stock and the devastation of much of the land. This, together with the resulting famine and epidemics, killed over one-fifth of the population. Earthquakes have been frequent. Hot springs occur, and geysers, from which water and mud are hurled high in the air at regular intervals, were first known in Iceland. Other unusual phenomena of this strange land in- clude sand deserts, glacial lakes, bogs, and quicksands, as well as waterfalls and some enormous glaciers. THE only trees are a very stunted type of birch. Heath and bilberry cover large stretches, and during the brief summer bright-flowered rock plants provide a touch of colour. Many mosses are found, and large herds of reindeer feed on some of these. The reindeer were introduced to Iceland in 1770. Polar bears visit the island from the icepacks. Many species of birds frequent Iceland, but the most notable are the wildfowl and the eider duck. The seas abound in seals and whales, and white cod and trout are plentiful. In the past half-century there has been rapid development of the fisheries, and fishing is the island's main industry. The warm current known as the North Ameri- can Drift modifies the severity of the climate in the south, where the rainfall is heavy. The northern areas are drier and colder, and the cold Greenland Current frequently block- ades the coast with icepacks during the summer. Agriculture is carried on chiefly around Reykjavik, in the south-west. Here on the longest day there are 21 hours of sunshine, and on the shortest, four hours.- Potatoes, hay, and turnips are practically the only crops culti- vated. Grasses provide pasturage for sheep, cattle, goats, and shaggy little Iceland ponies. Farmsteads are mostly scattered and isolated, but today tele- graph, telephone, and postal services, as well as roads, connect them. Reyk- javik also has a wireless transmitter. Irish monks were probably the first to visit Iceland. They settled there before the beginning of the 9th cen- tury, but left after heathen Norsemen came about 870 A.D. Sailing sturdy Viking ships, these Norsemen had re- fused to submit to Harold Fairhair, who had risen from a petty chieftain to become the first king to establish sovereignty over all Norway. With some Scotch and Irish immigrants, these hardy settlers created indepen- dent settlements in what they called "Snowland." IT was in 930 that a general assembly, the Althing, was established at Thingvellir. Later a supreme court was also set up in connection with this, the oldest popular assembly in Europe. Local feuds continued among the settlers, however. As a result of one of these feuds, Eric the Red fitted out an expedition about 980 and went to seek out land which had been reported in the west. The discovery of Greenland followed, and after spending three years exploring the southern and western coasts, he re- turned to lead a colonising expedition to the new land, which he called "Greenland" in order to attract settlers. A settlement was estab- lished and contact was maintained with Iceland and Europe for four or five centuries, after which the settle- ment was forgotten and its people died out. A son of Eric, Leif Ericsson, was re- turning from Norway to Greenland in 1000 A.D. when he was blown off his course and discovered lands hitherto unknown, which he called "Wineland." It is now generally accepted that Leif Ericsson touched some part of the North American coast, but there has never been agreement as to the exact identity of "Wineland," and various sites from Newfoundland to Virginia have been suggested. About the year 1000 Christianity was introduced into Iceland by the Nor- wegian kings, who, with the assist- ance of the Archbishop of Nidaros, head of the Church in Iceland, sub- jugated the island in 1261. The 12th and 13th centuries marked the "Golden Age" of Icelandic literature. In 1380 the colony passed with Nor- way under Danish rule, and it re- mained with Denmark" when Norway broke away in 1813. In the 14th and 15th centuries the general dis- turbed condition of Europe was re- flected in Iceland, while local disas- ters, including epidemics and earth- quakes, brought a decline in progress. Economic conditions became crip- pling, and the Danish trade mon- opoly led to smuggling and friction. In the 16th century, the conversion of Iceland to the Lutheran faith by' the Danish king introduced a new period of literary activity. But the island was neglected by Copenhagen -except for the exaction of revenues -and Iceland became a prey to pirates. Despite all the handicaps of an unproductive land, the Icelanders are a sturdy and progressive people, Educational standards are high, and it is said that more books are sold in pro- portion to the population than in any European country. Iceland has had women suffrage for many years. It was the first country to introduce pro- hibition from 1911 to 1935. The 1918 Treaty proclaimed the per- manent neutrality of Iceland. When the present war broke out, Iceland was in danger of becoming a victim of German aggression, and in May, 1940, after Denmark and Norway had been invaded, Great Britain declared Ice- land to be under British protection. Military forces were landed to safe- guard the base. After a formal pro- test, the Althing accepted assurances that Britain had no intention of in- terfering in the country's internal affairs or of maintaining occupation after the war. In 1941 the United States took over the garrisoning of the island, and Iceland became an important base for air and sea patrols against German submarines and raid- ers. Meanwhile the Althing had de- clared that the Icelandic Cabinet possessed the prerogatives of the King, and it elected Sven Bjornsson, for- merly envoy to Copenhagen, as Re- gent, a position he held until, on June 17, he became Iceland's President. DURING the war economic troubles have been caused by the loss of most of Iceland's normal markets, as the bulk of trading was done with Den- mark. Many of the fishing grounds were sown with mines, and the arri- val of large forces of garrison troops caused further dislocation, but when the united States made goods avail- able under Lend- Lease and bought the exportable surplus of fish, the position was improved. Political, eco- nomic, and strategic considerations are drawing Iceland ever closer to the United States, and it is clear that in the postwar world such a small nation would be in danger without powerful backing. While the Icelander's policy of per- manent neutrality seems to rule out the possibility of the country joining the United Nations, Iceland's break from all ties with Denmark means that it comes within the sphere of the United States and Britain. Recently Iceland's Minister to Washington, Thor Thors, made it clear that the country looked to America, as its chief neighbour, for help and guidance. The importance of postwar air routes between Europe and North America will make the new Repub- lic's friendship of great value to the United Nations. Two pretty Icelandic girls on holiday show that Iceland is not without its attractions. The main street of Reykjavik, capital of Iceland. 