[?] GREAT BRITAIN "Second rate" Powers got together E3ZZQ A spectre was haunting Russia — the spectre of Socialism. Britain's Labor Government had been in power little more than a month when that way ward wraith — the Western Bloc J_ "T_ _ I ma A 4- A AT — m Lne guise ui one cuuciirc Western Europe's socialist Governments, began to clank familiarly through the inter national corridors. Its promoter was Proressor Harold J. Laski, chairman of the British Labor Party. In Copenhagen, the Danish Social Democrats' first post-liberation con gress drew socialist Premiers from Sweden, Norway, Denmark; socialist representatives from Belgium, Hol land, France. Professor Laski, who had been skimming swallow-like from one. European' socialist conference to an other was also irresistibly attracted. Theme song of the conference was: "Scandinavians, get together." Even Sweden's cautious Albin Hans- son was stirred to apostrophise a com mon Scandinavian labor market, economic collaboration, and common Nordic citizenship. Laski, too, was stirred. Hailing the advance of socialism in Britain, France, Belgium, and Scandinavia, he cried: "All of us stand side by side." In Stockholm a few days later he was more explicit. . Said the professor, in a casual appraisal of Britain's new world position which was calculated to drive Winston Churchill into his grave: "Not even America and Russia can live alone. Still less can second- class Powers like Britain. and Sweden. "Why cannot the Foreign Ministers in the socialist Swedish and British Governments — and soon in the Nor wegian and Danish — meet and draw up a programme together?" By that time Danish Foreign Min ister John Christmas Moeller, and Norwegian Foreign Minister Trygve Lie, were already in London talking trade- and credits with British Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin. In the House of Commons dining- room Laborite Samuel Sydney Silver man delivered himself of a precis of Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin's at titude toward Russia. Said he: "He can't help treating Russia as he would a breakaway union." There was no end to the patching g"3"|ra Prom Westminster's hJIIaAxJ square Victoria Tower a bit of masonry hurt led 300 feet. It fell into a bowl of strawberries and cream which a guest was enjoying on Britain's House of Commons ter race. The guest was annoyed. But the Ministry of Works was frightened. Suppose a gargoyle had dropped on the table. Clearly the 900-year- old palace which housed Britain's Parliament was falling apart. Tn natch it. the Ministry appointed a score of unhurried stonemasons, headed by earnest, bespectacled Henry Wadley, a "dead-ringer" for President Truman. That was in 1927. This week Henry Wadley, tnow 57, and his mate, Fred Hdrdmari, now 60, were still working unhurriedly on the palace. In 18 years (the last six of them without assistants) the two masons had mended more than 600 of the stone crowns, buttresses, lions, kings' and queens' coats of arms, and othei heraldic devices that adorned Britain's Parliament. Among the gargoyles and the gril- fins atop the palace nothing — France's fall or Britain's peril — interrupted their tireless task. Through the blitz which hastened the process of architectural crumbling and caving, the two men patiently pursued their chipping and patching. While the Battle for Britain was in full swing they gave Ethelred the Un ready (968-10i6) a new arm. While Winston Churchill was urging Britons to fight on the beaches, on the hills, on the airfields, the two masons, high above him,, were re placing four 8ft. gargoyles that flanked Big Ben. This week, after nearly 20 years on fViA 1aK -Wq/IIav iitqc x t.riflp onnnprnprf about the end of it. Said he: "I can't save the palace just with Fred. Begging Mr. Churchill's pardon, 'Give us the men and we'll finish the job.' " Hollywood-made films ot the Bible The Rev. ' Brian Wpgflwj® Hessian, vicar of Holy Trinity, Ay- iesDury, .bucks, and 'producer of Bible Films, Ltd., flicked through a pile of stills. The stills were from four Bible story films the vicar had just shown in Lon don. Wearing baggy, brown trousers, grimy sandals, and pale blue shirt, the tall 36-year-old vicar slopped about his film-strewn vicarage. His curly fair hair ruffled, his blue eyes gleaming with excitement, he rushed from the cutting room to the film library containing more than 500 catalogued films; at times stopped to issue orders to his two pretty sec retaries, or to take a fatherly inter est in his two children. Through Bible Films a non-profit company, registered as a charity, Hes sian's plan to popularise the Bible by presenting screen versions of its best- known stories was assured of success. As British distributors for Cathed ral Films, an American non-profit pro duction company specialising in re ligious films, he now had available four Gospel story films, hoped soon to have 26 more for distribution. The four: The Child of Bethlehem, A Certain Nobleman, The Prodigal Son, No Greater Power. Average running time: 22 minutes. The figure of Christ appeared throughout the story for the first time in films. Made near Hollywood, each film cost £10,000. \- For exclusive British rights, Hes sian paid £750 a film. He examined each production, modified the Eng lish-spoken dialogue to suit British audiences, imported special English accent sound track. He first conceived the idea of using Biblical films in 1935, when visiting the Vatican, when he made a film of St. Peter's worshippers filing past St. Peter's Statue, and promptly found himself on trial before a clerical court of inquiry. "Washing-up" was exercise enough Today's London Office $ Most times BBC conductor Sir Adrian Cedric Boult was a very dignified gentle man. But he had his occasional lapses. Once he changed places with Henry Hall at a Home Guard concert at Bristol. The jazz leader first conducted Haydn and Mozart; then Boult, in Home Guard uniform, went to town' .. with "Tiger Rag." He wriggled his shoulders, tossed himself about the stage, received a tremendous ovation. This week he was in the news for telling his orchestra that they were all too tired to play their best. Then he ordered: "In future, on your days off, you must not do strenu ous exercise. There must not be any golf, any repairs to blitzed houses, or gardening." Exercise, he advised, should be con fined to "a little washing-up." Boult, 55, was tall, bald, and wore an immense, untidy moustache. Born of a Chester family of mer chants, he was educated at West minster, Oxford, and Leipzig Conser- vatorium; joined the Staff College of Music just after World War I; intro duced orchestral music to the East End; became Director of Music for the BBC in 1930; was now No. 1 in charge of the BBC orchestras. Boult, who didn't smoke or drink, invariably studied new scores lying on his back on the floor. For years he had enjoyed a glass of hot lemonade and a piece of fruit cake during concert intervals. Once, during a London heatwave, he broke tradition by conducting in a white suit he had bought a few weeks before in America. And he was said to have a secret ambition to conduct at Queen's Hall wearing either shorts or a bathing costume. In action, he used a baton almost as long as a fishing rod; at home he had another baton, which he flicked about while talking to friends or on the telephone. He did this to keep his wrists supple. Boult disliked fidgety conductors or those who wore their hair long (he had none himself). His own best story: When he mo tioned singers to their feet at the opening of a provincial musical fes tival, an outsize in sopranos in the front row turned to a diminutive tenor behind her, said: "Can you see the conductor?" The little man replied: "Oh, that's quite all right, thank you. I saw him last year." Youth had begun to stop thinking Today's London Office g Once it was the accepted thing that the city boy was smart, the country bumpkin dull. Today, according to Liverpool Uni versity lecturer L. J. Barnes the boot was on the other foot. Said Barnes this week: "The increasing regulation of fam ily and private life by official edict with its host of commands and pro hibitions has had a profound influ ence on young workers. "Thirty years ago the town lad was more alert, more adaptable, more capable of looking after himself than the country bumpkin or pit boy. To day this superiority has disappeared. "The character and mind of the city boy seem to have lost their mus cular tone. He is less of a person, more of a type. "He is conditioned not to lift a fin ger without referring mentally to the book of words. He is suffering from a chronic overdose of control. "By young people all authorities are seen as everlasting, unchanging, al ways external, always arbitrary, al ways interfering., "One can bow down to them — if one is a good boy. One can chal lenge them — if one is a mug. One can diddle and dodge them — if one is a wise guy. "What is impossible is to identify oneself with them and their purposes and make them into part of us. "Casual is the keyword in describing the recreations the young people choose. Street games are dropped in favor of the 'flicks,' and an endless, aimless fog of giggling talk, twiddling of radio knobs. "To youth these are no more mean ingless than the constant controls they are asked to stomach." This fellow was mean all right Today's London Office 0 The world's meanest man had been discovered again. Mrs. Irene Lowe, widow of an Eng lish soldier, left her child holding her purse while she put flowers on her dead husband's grave. The meanest man snatched the purse. Aussies made love the right way Today's London Office At Australia House, London, they called it the "counter of secrets." Across the wide table of English oak, plastered with posters saying. "Come to Australia," four harassed immigration officials listened to the whispered intimacies of thousands of British men and women who had decided that Australia was the place for them. The normal run of questions, such as "How soon can I get to Aus tralia?" was too dull for the pros pective migrants. They preferred to pour out their hearts, to tell why work, climate, or mother-in-law made it unbearable for them to remain in Britain. About a fifth of the inquiries came from young women, especially those demobilised from the Services. Among the other four-fifths were laborers, doctors, school teachers, deep-sea divers, airmen, miners. Some of those who hoped to leave soon for Australia: A man who sent his wife and children to Australia in 1940. They had settled down so well they refused to return to Britain. Two women in their thirties, who refused £15-a-week jobs in Britain, in case they interfered with their plans to migrate. A father with 11 children (they were all brought to Australia House), who wanted to get his family into the "wide open spaces." o A mother of 12 children, who cracked: "Get me to Australia and I'll raise more family. That should help Australia's population problem." d A boy of 12, who gravely wrote asking how he could become a cow boy; and got an equally seriously- written reply. © A girl who liked the way Aus tralians made love, and said: "They put women on a pedestal, and I like that." . Which was all very, very Interest ing to listen to, but also very harass ing—because Australia House officials hadn't yet been told what Australia's migration plans were. I BOULT I . . . lay on his back I 