MIGRANTS FOR AUSTRALIA. To the Editor. Sir.-Messrs Haylen and Co after their expensive tour of Scandinavia and of Europe west of the Rhine have returned to Australia and the public is now being assured that our country's requirements could be filled on the spot from Nordics alone. What are' Australia's requirements for immigrants and who 'are these Nordics? There is a unanimous belief that Australia needs suitable immigrants and a large number of them, too. Not hundreds, but hun dreds of thousands. If one bears in mind the popula tion of Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland and Switzerland (Mr Haylen counts Swiss as Nordics) and also the social, economic and cultural conditions of these countries, it is evident that the true answer to the question as to the number of Nordics willing to emigrate would be some where in the line' of Mr Haylen's statement As to Danes, when he stated that "the desire of Danish youth to leave their homes is slightly limited." No, Haylen and Co, you will not get the necessary number of bodies from your favoured Nordic countries. And why not tell the Australian public that the Canadians have al ready secured available French youth; that Poles, Czechs and other Central European countries do not allow emigration for the time being and that Marshal Tito is even plan ning to recall the emigrated Yugo slav youth to help build up their; ravaged country. As to the question' of bringing war orphans to Australia, you must consider that they are children of national heroes and it would be no gratitude whatsoever to tiiose countless numbers that fell for the liberation of their home land to let their children roam around foreign countries, where they would be just tolerated and greeted with "Dings" and "Dagoes." The United States Is a great English speaking country, but in America nobody boasts about being 98 per cent British and everybody is proud of names like Roosevelt, Eisenhower, La Guardia, Chermak, Tesla, Adamich, Ealokor ich, Eichelberger, Nimitz and numerous other similar non-British names. If sufficient numbers could not be obtained from the Nordic pool and Slaves do not allow emigration, the only source left would be Italians and Germans-who are pure-blooded Nordics!-our enemies in the war that just ended. A lot of public money has been spent on Mr Haylen's expedition and a lot of publicity has been given to it apparently to justify this expense, but from over-optimistic statements we will not get desired immigrants. We must not forget that South America, Canada and South Africa are our keen competitors in this race for the "better type" of immigrant. In two or three years the conditions in Europe will improve considerably and those available now will think twice before leaving their nomes and friends, because nobody wants to emigrate if he can make a living at home. Australia must face the facts and act now or never.-Yours, etc, J. S. MARIAN, LL.D. 