Immigrants Treat Them Well! Says Judge j Asked to enlarge on his remarks E on culture in the Circuit Court | Mi. Justice Brennan, of BundaJ berg, Qld., said: "We have noi national spirit in Australia. Wei have grown up in a selfish atmosJ phere of taking out of this country! everything and putting nothing! back. | "I met a little Danish lady reJ cently, and she said, 'I hate Aus-j tralia, I lived for 12 years jn| England and they treated me fairly! When I took a position in Australia! I was called a foreigner.' "We know that if a Scotchman comes to this country he is branded a B.P., an Irishman a B.I.B., a Maltese, Italian or Greek, a D.B, and so on. "The Americans have a mixed population of white people, but they don't allow these rotten epi- taphs to be used to their new. comers, but they make them appreciate and recognise they are citizens of their new surroundings and are welcomed as such. "Recently in Bundaberg the story was revealed when Japan first attached Australia there was a trainload of Italian internees passing through from North Queensland to concentration camps, and there was a train load of Americans, including numerous Italians going north to fight for Australia and America. They exchanged greetings as they passed each other. The Italians from America loved America and weffe fighting for America and Australia. The Italians despised Australia because they were branded D.B's. i "Even, as I pointed out in the little dance halls the boys who attended from other districts were branded as foreigners to that dance. Unless we alter our attitude and make new comers welcome without dirty epitaphs towards them, we will never become a nation. "We .must learn to encourage new comers to love this fair land of ours, encourage them to make it their permanent home and be kind to them and let them recog nise that they are part and parcel of a great heritage of freedom. "We must teach this principle in our schools and make it our fore most ambition and Australian ideal," said the Judge. 