ABSORBING EUROPEAN IMMIGRANTS Must Not Be Forced Into Isolation By DR J. LEYSER EVERY Australian realises today that this country needs migrants. , But is he prepared to do his share to make any large-scale immigration scheme a success? Is he prepared to assist the foreign migrant to become a fully fledged, loyal, and contented Australian citizen as early as possible? Is he prepared to admit the foreign migrant as an equal partner into his union, his club, his home, to show him in the most direct way the true Australian way of life? If he is not, our educators - school teachers, politicians, newspapermen have an extremely urgent job to do. Its failure would seriously jeopardise the prospects of any large-scale immigration scheme. Its success will make for a better and bigger Australia of the future. Under the scheme proposed by the Commonwealth Government Australia of the mid- seventies will have a population of about 11 million, with every fifth Australian born abroad. Most of the newcomers will be of British stock, but hundreds of thousands, perhaps a whole million will have come from Continental countries. There will be migrants from Central, Northern, and Southern Europe, farmers from Poland, crafts- men from Holland, fishermen from Greece. There are only two ways in which these migrants can settle. Either they will be left to themselves, barred from the rest of the Australian community by natural differences in language and custom. Then they will have no other choice but to form communities of their own, and we have no right to blame them for it. Or an effort will have to be made by every Australian individually to do his share in quickly assimilating the foreign migrants of the future into the Australian communities. This will be a job beyond government planning; it will be a job for the individual and his private groups and organisations. THERE are quite a number of ways in which our educators can help to overcome an occasional re- luctance against receiving newcomers into Australian society. It, is a common belief that 98% of Australians are of British stock. But this figure includes any person born in Australia, whether of Australian or foreign parents. According to J. Lyng (Non Britishers in Australia, Melbourne University Press, 1935 the proportion of Australians of British stock (English, Scottish, Welsh, and Irish) can be estimated at slightly over 90%, whereas over 9% are of other European stock, mainly German, Scandinavian, and Italian This means that today almost one Australian in every ten is either wholly or partly of non-British descent, and he is just as good an Australian as the nine others. Any Australian textbook on history and economic geography ought to include a chapter on the contributions which emigrants of various nationali- ties made to the development of Australia. Every school child learns about Abel Tasman, the Dutch sailor, and Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt, the German explorer. But how many people know the story of the German settlers who developed the hills and plains of South Australia, who later pioneered the Wimmera and the Darling Downs? How many people know the leading part which farmers and experts from Denmark and Sweden played in the development of Australia's dairying industry? EVERY school child ought to learn of the share which Australians of foreign, non-British birth, have in the economic development of their country of adoption. Textbooks could tell the story of Danish-born Sir Edward Knox, founder of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, of Swedish-born C. A. Nobelius, pioneer of the nursery industry; of German-born J. E. Seppelt, who helped to develop the wine industry. Knowledge of these and other great contributions which non-British migrants have made to Australia's economy will be one of the best ways of making the value of future migrants appreciated. Without the active co-operation of all of us, no large-scale immigration scheme, however well planned, can become a real success. In a totalitarian country this might be different. In a democracy, such voluntary co-operation is the prerequisite for success. (A concluding article by Dr Leyser will be published, tomorrow.) 