Rural Education And Facilities \---:x:-- PROFESSOR'S NEW VISION FOR AUSTRALIA AUSTrIALIA must look to her country people and the scientists associated with them for a new vision which would lead her to take a more important ,art in world af fairs and to dc(cA op I;i; i sources of the Comminii wealth, Professor G. A. ECir rie told a general meeting of the Australian Institute of Agricultural Science at 11Iel bourne University, last week. A Vice Chancellor of the Uni versity of Perth, he was deliver ing a presidential address en titled "Rural Education for What?" Professor Currie said that the country as distinct from the town educated far more chil dren than it eventually kept as adults. Those who criticised the extra expense of education in the country should remember that the town was continually enriched by the immigration from the country, which in cluded many of the brightest of the country people. RURAL EDUCATION With the increasing produc tivity power of the individual, consequent upon scientific and mechanical achievement in agriculture, there was no doubt that, apart from the opening up of new areas and the intensifi cation of agriculture in well watered regions, there would be a smaller and smaller propor tion of the people actually re quired to produce food and fibres as time went on. 'Se quently there would always be a proportion of young people in the country who would have to face the problem of finding suitable employment away from the land itself. Therefore, rural education must always cater for those who would remain on the land and those ,who would seek professional training for careers in the towns. For those who were going to scek higher education country high schools on the ordinary academic lines were usually re commended, he said, but he suggested equally valuable edu cation could be secured by con tinuing for a longer period in schools of the central, area or village college types. He advoca eed that aural education after the age of about 11 should take a practical form. ADULT EDUCATION After the war he would like to see considerable extension of adult education activities in rural areas. containing the es sential elements of the Danish Folk High Schools. These were residential schools to which people over 18 could go either to continue study of cultural sub ects or purely technical or ag ricultural subjects. He also ad vocted establishments of adult education srummner .Jools where adults could go int Fi'si dence for six-monthly periods. VACATIONAL IIUTS FOR FAR3EiS It should be l ',ssible to have huts, now usedci by the army, transferred to the sea coast and made. into sunmmer schools for people from the country. In these from two weeks to two months could be enijoyed by far mers, their wives and family in recreational activxities and cul tural and technical studies. Aus tralia was poorly equipped with rural libraries. 