"A NEW_VISION" Country Dwellers* Part MELBOURNE, Tuesday. Australia tiust look to faer country people ahd the scientists associated with them for new vision which wonld lead her to take a more Important part In world affairs and to develop retfBrtts of the Commonwealth, Professor G. A. Currie told a general meeting of the.Australian Institute Of _ AfHcilltural Science at Melbourne Enlrertltr toilrlit. \- 1 „iriit. Professor Currie, who is Vice:6han- :ellor of the University of Perth, was delivering a presidential addfesg entitled "Rural Education For what?" Professor Currie said that the country as distinct from the (own Mutated far more children than it eventually kept as adults. Those who criticised the extra expense of education in the country should remember that the town was continually enriched by immigration from the country which included many of the brightest of the eountry people. Pivfessor Currie said that with the increasing productive power of the individual consequent ti'pon scientific and mechanical achiWemerit in iagri- culture there was ho dOiibVthat; apart from the opening up of new areas and the intensification of agriculture in well-watered regions, there would be a smaller and smaller proportion of the people actually required to prtjduce food and flbres as time went on. Consequently there would always be a proportion of young people, in tlio country who would have to face the problem of finding suitable employment awnv fr;m the land itself. Therefore, rural education must always cater far those who M i remain on Hie land and those who would seek professional training for careers in the towns. Education for everybody in a demo-! cracy should have certain common j aims—first the thrfee R's, second stlmu-' latlon of critical tHlrifcihg in till indi-l viduals so that individuals woUld bej Intelligent voters, and, thirdly, some introduction to the cultural and spiritual and intellectual h&rltajfe; which represented the accumulated knowledge and wisdom of the particular culture in which we lived. He referred to the English Maddow report, which recommended that the c nunon aims of education should be followed in all schools up to the age f 11 years, after which the children j should be divided into two groups—I those who wished l ; > stay on the land ! and those who wished to go on to the professions. For those who were going t0 seek higher education country j,;^ schools cm the ordinary academic lines were usually recommended, he said, but he suggested equally valuable education could be securodtfjy continuing lor a longer period in schools of the central, area or village college, types. RURAL EDUCATION i He advocated that rural education after the age of ab»iut 11 should take, a practical form and they should be nslced to undertake projects actually assoc-ialc-d witli rural pursuits. Arithmetic should be applied to the spacing of seedlings in school Bardens, in esti- , of production of Fanner Jones' adjoining wheat field, and in detcr "»i\ins the volume of tanks, and so f"' 11 '., , ideal should be always fl relate the activities of the environj ;Tlf>l -teducation in perception, experi- I mcnlafion and deduction. 1 At this type of' school, he said, exami and n " lion group - Ph .tests ou ! d given \> e c,llirel to determine y banished the progress of students. For the ordinary education of the country child it seemed that the ptVmise for the future lay in those central schools fitted to the rural environment and stalled by teachers well trained in rural lore as well as Ihe ordinary academic subjects offered in all schools. He said all teachers going to country schools should have a background of rural experience or at least be given s' Jiie training in natural history, climate, crops and piantJ ADULT EDUCATION Professor Currie said that after the war lie would like to see considerable extension of adult education activities j in rural areas. He would like to see the development of something which' would fit our own cultural situation and which would contain the essential ele-| monts of the Danish Folk High Schools. . These were residential schools to which people over 18 could go either to contmuo study of cultural subjects or purely technical or agricultural sub- | jects. He also advocated establishment of adult education summer schools' where adults could go into residence fo- six monthly periods. After the he said, it should be possible to h'.,vc huts used by thn army tl.atls. fCrr(,d to the sea coast and made into uinmer schools for people from the cour.lry. In these from two weeks to two months could be enjoyed by farmers, their wives and families in recreational activities and cultural and technical studies. Australia was poorly equipped with rural libraries. Scienliflc knowledge was essential to education in all walks of life, and he believed sciences should form a large part of the curriculum of all rural schools. 