U.S. ex-Servicemen May Get Property Rights Here ! CANBERRA. — The possi- . bility of providing special facilities for American ex-ser- : vieemen, who settled in Aus tralia, to acquire proporty will be" investigated by Federal immigra- I tion officials. This development followed an announcement by the Minister for Immigration (Mr Calwell) yesterday, that American soldiers who had served in the South west Pacific will be encouraged to migrate to Australia. At present. American soldier ; migrants are regarded as aliens until they are naturalised. Diey are not permitted to acquire pro perty unless they have first ob tained certificates indicating that they are able to read and write in "such language as the Minister may direct." Each State makes its own laws concerning the acquisition of pro perty by aliens, and it is thought by Commonwealth officials that seme form of uniformity should be sought The official view Is thai while Australian and British ex-scr- vicemen should be given the highest priorities in the acquisi tion of property, some excep tion in the treatment of aliens should be made in Hie case of American migrants. U.S. Lawyer's Eyes On SA ADELAIDE.— Harry C. Williams, a 29-year-old American lawyer who has never been to Australia, is anxious to set up a practice in South Australia. He has written to the U.S. Con sul here (Mr Knowlton V. Hicks) for particulars. An Adelaide University autho rity said that Mr Williams prob ably would have to complete at least half of the four years' Uni versity course in British law be fore he could start practising. He would have to apply to the University for admittance on a qualified status, according to the subjects he had studied in Ame rica. He also would have to qualify in accordance with the1 rules of the Supreme Court. Norwegian Interest in Migration SYDNEY. — Norwegian mi grants are so keen to come to Aus tralia that the government is building ships to transport them. Die chairman of the Advisory Migratory Commission (Mr Hay- len, MHR), who has Just returned from Europe, said a feature of the Interest in migration were the Dutch and Norwegian migration clubs. They had selected Aus tralia.. He had received several letters signed "the Australian colony cn the continent." Six Dan ish and six Norwegian journalists would visit Australia soon to de scribe what intending migrants would find here. 