Youth Aliyah and Anti-Semitism By B. BURGOYNE CHAPMAN. Professor E.' C. Lindeman, of New York, the well-known sociologist and contributing editor of the 'New Repub lic,' has recently espoused the cause of the Jewish State, not only for itself, and to resettle as a .matter of urgency, millions of uprooted Jews, but also for the dignity and esteem it will add to1 Jews everywhere, and for its .consequent contribution towards extinguishing anti Semitism in all lands, always a' destroy er of peace and all social values. 'I have finally come to see,' he writes, 'that Democracy cannot fully succeed unless ? there is a Jewish State.' As a former Dane, he instances the contempt for and hostility, to Danish im migrants which, was found in America in the latter, part of last century; and describes how it changed to respect and appreciation, not through any change in the quality and life of the immigrants in America, but as a reflection 'of the1 achievements of their homeland. After the defeat by Prussia in the sixties, Den 1 mark began its wonderful work of rural and educational rehabilitation which won the admiration of the world, and folk of Danish race everywhere bene- ' fitted. . ? ~ ' 'I do not suggest anything so heart less as using this as a selfish motive. for rescuifig little children, suffering humili ation and torment still in Europe,' he continues, 'but anti- Semitism is in itself everywhere a foul evil and Jews who combat it know they are working hot only for themselves, but for humanity and civilisation as a whole.' Human nature is a strange and twist ed thing.. The presence of these ? pitiful sufferers in Europe constantly reminds folk in the democracies of their failure to rescue them and. many of their like who are dead, when they ' might have done so. ? They feel- a guilt--complex- and. transfer their annoyance to the race that makes them feel it. As Ben Hecht has well remarked : 'Cries for help always irritate people.' _,_ If these' children are allowed to con tinue as starving vagabonds in Europe, the prestige of Jewry everywhere will be lowered. If the miracle of love and devotion is performed which we know Palestine can perform for ;them, with our help in establishing them there, then, the strange mentality of even' the cities of Jewry must be impressed. . Ezekiel, ,and the great Prophet of the Exile whose writings are recorded in the latter half of the Book of Isaiah, both constantly speak of this wider con sideration as one of' the motives of- God himself. I haye just opened my Bible at random. and in the first page of Eze kiel I see, I read — 'Now, says the Lord the Eternal, I will restore the fortunes of Jacob and have mercy on the whole Community of Israel, as I am jealous for my sacred honour.' Such children as Youth Aliyah is rescuing, have on the mere human level little hope in life. They are 'les avaries' damaged goods,, poor social material. But. on the level of eternity, with the miracu lous power of the love of God; as medi ated through his own folk in their own land they can be made the finest citi zens of the Jewish State -that we shall surely see as we believe in the righteous ness of God. ' 