LATE MR ANDERS NIELSEN Mr Anders Nielsen, aged 96, who died at his residence in Upper Dawson Road on Friday last, had resided in Queensland for 63 years. He was the first to take up farm- ing at Pialba and was the first to build a buggy in Rockhampton. He was born at Tudse (Den- mark) on February 2, 1849. He was a farm hand on an estate when war broke out between Den- mark and Prussia. Farm work did not appeal to him and be was apprenticed to a wheelwright in Holbak. For four years he work- ed for his board and lodging only, be told a "Bulletin" reporter some years ago, and he kept himself in clothes by working overtime and on holidays for which he was paid. About this time Denmark, Schelsweig-Holstein and Germany were flooded with posters, put up by immigration agents appointed by the Queensland Government, pointing out what a wonderful country was Queensland. In con- sequence of this Mr and Mrs Neil sen decided to see for themselves and they left Hamburg in 1873 on the sailing ship Reichstag. There were over 400 immigrants on the ship, mostly Germans and Danes. The voyage to Queensland lasted three months and the youthful couple landed at Maryborough. "We were taken off the Reichs- tag by a tender," said Mr Niel- sen, recounting his experiences some time ago," and travelled up the Mary River. The banks were heavily timbered and we saw a lot of blacks. Some of the immi- grants were very scared, especially when, after we landed, the blacks came up to us wearing only a few feathers in their head and a rag tied round their middle." The young couple obtained a job at Pialba at £40 per annum and found. They worked for a Mr Sutherland, of Maryborough, who had a summer residence at Pialba. There Mr Nielsen did rough carpentering, fencing, etc He always retained the warmest recollections of Mr Sutherland's kindness. There were hundreds of aborigines at Pialba at the time and corroborees were fre- quent. At that time there were only three houses in Pialba. After working as a carpenter and cabinetmaker at Maryborough Mr Nielsen took up 40 acres at Pialba. Later there was quite a Danish settlement at this sea- side resort and Mr Nielsen and .his countrymen built a church at Nikenbah. Like many others Mr Nielsen found that farming was not a profitable venture and aban- doned the farm. "All I got for 15 months' hard work was £12," he said. IN ROCKHAMPTON 67 YEARS Mr and Mrs Nielsen came to Rockhampton in 1878 in the Lady Bowen and with the exception of a short visit to Denmark in 1882, he had resided in Rockhampton ever since. After a short term of employment with the Railway Department building wagons at Dingo-the then terminus of the Central Western line-he secured work as a coachbuilder with Messrs T. Jones and Co., whose factory was next to the Rockhampton Hotel in East Street, where Messrs Sydney Williams and Co have their premises. At that time all buggies in Rockhampton were imported from Sydney, and, acting on Mr Niel- sen's suggestion, Mr Jones decided to build them in Rockhampton. Mr Nielsen made a buggy, which was purchased by Messrs Ruther- ford Bros, the well-known livery proprietors. In 1893 he entered into business on his own account and his first shop now forms part of Byrnes motor works. In 1908 he moved to premises adjoining the Federal Press and continued in business until 1923, when he re- tired. He had been a member of the Order of Rechabites for 67 years. He was a foundation member of the Athelstane Bowling Club and was an active player until six years ago. Mr Nielsen was twice married. His first wife predeceased him many years ago. 